|Viewing Single Post From: Spoilers for the Week of February 11th| |Lil||Feb 1 2013, 09:58 AM| Don't care about Chloe/Taniel/Jen-Jen. Don't care about Sami, really, but hoping that we get some good "SAMANTHA GENE!!" Marlena Death-Stares out of it. And "newfound" feelings. Please. If only. STEFANO!! STEFANO, STEFANO, STEFANO!!!! :cheer: |Spoilers for the Week of February 11th · DAYS: News, Spoilers & Discussion|
*sigh* Fundamentalist community, let me pass on some advice to you I learned from the atheistic community: If you have set yourself on fire, do not run. Okay? Okay?? Please? Look, D, you had two months to say to Harvard in private emails, "Im sorry, I shouldnt have been using that animation in my paid presentations. I wont use it again. I really do like 'Inner Life', though, and would love to use it in classroom presentations, from the BioVisions site, if that is acceptable." I sat here, for two months, waiting for that to happen, anything to happen, and it didnt. Two months, on your own terms, you could have written a similar post to yesterdays. I would have given you the benefit of the doubt-- maybe you didnt know the credits werent visible to the audience, and I wouldnt have said a word beyond this, as its Harvards problem, not mine. This would have been a funny joke to those of us involved in dealing with you people, but it would have been a PR non-issue for you. But after you set yourself on fire, you didnt douse it out with a bucket of ice cold reality and accountability. You ran. And youre still running. Why not just state "I screwed up. Sorry everyone." and move on? Why the excuses? Why the denial? Why the passive language? Why the vague words and cryptic capitalizations? Why the writes and rewrites of your 'press release'? We know it wasnt written of your own volition, or it would have been done *before* Harvard had to take action. And, your behavior before this, regarding this issue, is not indicative of someone who made an innocent mistake. Its weird. So what with this frantic running? Is the inability to say "I was wrong" a pathological feature of Creationists? Or are you hiding something? Or is it both? Or is it more? And now we get Casey weighing in on the issue, according to cre8id at AboveTopSecret.com-- PBS/NOVA online - Intelligent Design on trial: ...to my knowledge, Discovery Institute has neither authorized nor received nor is making use of any presentation that used that animation. We have had nothing to do with creating or selling a DVD of that animation, nor do we have anything to do with placing that presentation on Google Video.I dont know what he is talking about with that last part, but the first part sounds similar to DIs claims post-Dover ("WE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH DOVER!"). Maybe Luskin is telling the truth. Maybe this was a magic non-science Creation-friendly narration with convenient edits that AiG or ICR would have killed for... but only Dembski could find it... but he cant tell us where... and he didnt share it with anyone... and its subsequently disappeared from the Internet... But that simply isnt what Ive been told. Maybe this was all a silly Dembski mistake, blown out of proportion due to his decision to remain silent... But what if we find more videos of more DI fellows, presenting this animation? *shrug* If youve set yourself on fire, do not run, DI. If youve done it, better admit it to Harvard now, apologize, and move on.
A novel two-step immunotherapy approach has shown clinically beneficial responses in patients with advanced ovarian cancer. Following Lifestyle Recommendations Reduces Risk of Cancer Death People who follow the diet and lifestyle recommendations laid out by the WCRF and the AICR have a 20 percent reduced risk of dying from cancer. UCSF Launches Social Networking Site for Patients and Families with Hereditary Cancers For Immediate Release May 14, 2013 UCSF Launches Social Networking Site for Patients and Families... Genomic Test May Help Guide Prostate Cancer Treatment The Oncotype DX® Prostate Cancer Test strongly predicts aggressiveness of disease. Statins Linked to Lower Risk of Liver Cancer in Hepatitis C People infected with chronic hepatitis C are less likely to develop liver cancer if they are taking statins. Radioimmunotherapy (RIT) is a type of targeted therapy that delivers radiation directly to cancer cells.... Urinary Incontinence Overview The urinary tract includes the kidneys, the ureters, the bladder, and the urethra. The kidneys... Advanced Directives Living Wills Every competent adult has, in most cases, the freedom to accept or refuse medical treatment.... Caregivers What is Caregiving and Who are Caregivers? Caregivers are individuals who provide care to chronically... Chemotherapy for Older Patients: What You Should Know About the Risk of Infection As you may already know, chemotherapy works by attacking the rapidly dividing cells it finds in the body,... An ongoing series highlighting complementary therapies, adapted from The Complete Guide to Complementary... Clear and precise Mohs surgery provides a tissue-sparing approach to skin cancer surgery. By Eleanor Mayfield Michele Kelsey... Chemical Reaction Chemicals may be disrupting our hormones—and our health. By Laurie Wertich Exposure to synthetic chemicals... College Kids Kick Cancer By Diana Price College kids and cancer—not two topics most of us would immediately connect. And yet... Cooking with Fruits and Vegetables In the introduction to Ripe: A Fresh, Colorful Approach to Fruits and Vegetables (Running Press, 2011;... Annual meeting brings together cancer experts from around the world. Kari Bohlke, ScD The 2011 Annual... Bone Fractures in Breast Cancer Patients More Frequent with Femara than with Tamoxifen Researchers affiliated with the BIG I-98 Collaborative and International Breast Study Groups... Single Treatment with High-intensity Focused Ultrasound Effective for Localized Prostate Cancer Researchers from McMaster University in Canada have reported that high-intensity focused... Marital Separation Impacts Cancer Survival Researchers from the University of Indiana and the Fox Chase Cancer Center... 2009 Oncology Conference Coverage View up-to-date coverage of the 2009 Oncology Conference here.
Free the Cans! Working Together to Reduce Waste In a blog about how people share, it’s worth the occasional reference to the bizarre ways that people DON’T SHARE. Is it safe to say we live in a society that places great value on independence, private property, personal space, and privacy? Even sometimes extreme value? Is that why people at an 8-unit apartment building in Oakland, CA have separate caged stalls for eight separate trash cans? I know it’s not nice to stare, but I walked by these incarcerated cans and could not help myself. I returned with my camera, so that I could share my question with the world: Why can’t people share trash cans or a single dumpster? Or, at the very least, why can’t the cans share driveway space? The Zero Waste Movement has come to the Bay Area and it calls for a new use for these eight cages. Here are my suggestions: - Turn two of those cages into compost bins. Fill one with grass, leaves, and vegetable scraps, let it decompose for six months, then start filling the second bin in the meantime. - Put in a green can, which is what Oakland uses to collect milk cartons, pizza boxes, yard trimmings, and all food to send it to the municipal composting facility. If your city doesn’t do this yet, tell them it’s a great idea and they could be as cool and cutting edge as Oakland. - Put in one or two recycling cans for glass, plastic, cardboard, paper, aluminum, etc. - Put out a FREE STUFF box for unwanted clothing and household items. The neighbors could sort through it each week, and later put it out on the curb for passers-by to explore. Take what’s left to Goodwill or a comparable donation spot. - Put in a few small bins for various items that can be recycled, such asbatteries and electronics, which can then be taken to an electronics recycling center every month or two. Styrofoam can be brought to a local packaging store or ceramics business that accepts used packaging material. Or, if you accumulate a bunch of plastic bags,take them to a store or to some other place that accepts used ones. - Put in ONE trash can. By the time you compost, recycle, re-use, redistribute, and take a few other measures to reduce your waste, you’ll have almost no trash each week. - Install a bicycle rack or locked bicycle cage. - With the leftover space, put in a container garden and a bench where neighbors can gather and chat. A much more pleasant alternative to the garbage can jailhouse ambiance, wouldn’t you agree?
ORLANDO, Fla. — While the Rapid Recall Exchange, the 2-year-old industry recall portal, has signed up more than 600 manufacturer and retailer subscribers, it still lacks the “critical mass” of suppliers that would make it a primary source of recall information, according to trade association officials and retailers. Manufacturers use the exchange to communicate timely and accurate product recall and withdrawal notifications to retailer and wholesaler headquarters, which in turn share the information with individual stores. The exchange's retail membership represents 85% of U.S. grocery volume — including 21 of the 24 largest supermarket chains based in the United States — but it still lacks key suppliers, especially in the fresh food sectors, said Pat Walsh, senior vice president, industry relations, education and research for Food Marketing Institute, Arlington, Va. “We have good penetration [among manufacturers] on the dry grocery side — though it needs to be better — and need to expand in other fresh food verticals like meat, produce, deli and bakery,” said Walsh, who participated in a session on the RRE at the U Connect Live conference here earlier this month. Major food distributors in the exchange, including Kroger, Wegmans and Wakefern, have recently sent letters to their vendors explaining that the only way they will accept recall information is via the RRE, noted Brian Lynch, senior director of business and industry development for the Grocery Manufacturers Association, Washington, who also participated in the U Connect Live session. In an April letter posted on www.rapidrecallexchange.org, Kroger asked all of its suppliers to subscribe to the exchange by July 1. Michael Roberson, director of corporate quality assurance for Publix Super Markets, Lakeland, Fla., said in the U Connect Live session that the chain is “disappointed” in the number of manufacturers using the Rapid Recall Exchange. “Only 222 of our grocery suppliers are signed up, and more than 1,000 have not yet joined,” Roberson said. “We need to have the entire food industry collaborating on the Rapid Recall Exchange.” Last year, of the 300 recalls Publix experienced, fewer than 50 went through the RRE, he said, adding that industrywide only 15% of recalls were submitted to the RRE. A total of 65 recalls have been issued through the exchange industrywide since its September 2009 launch. For recalls that went through the RRE at Publix, Roberson observed “the absolute excellence in the information that was communicated,” including product GTINs (global trade identification numbers), the reason for the recall, and photos. “If we get this information from our trading partners using RRE, then we eliminate most of the [internal] steps because everything works together through this tool,” he said. By contrast, for recalls that don't go through the RRE, “nine times out of 10 we're going back to trading partners and seeking out additional information.” Publix has been proactive in urging manufacturers to join the exchange, Roberson said. In addition, Publix has expanded its supplier scorecard to monitor and rank suppliers on whether they leverage the RRE. The RRE was created by FMI and GS1 US, Lawrenceville, N.J., which will be issuing a new version of the exchange, 2.3, in August.
September 28, 2010 2010 Season - Bowman pulls down CCIW honor |Matt Bowman was named CCIW "Runner of the Week" after his fourth place finish at the Brissman-Lundeen Invitational in Rock Island, Illinois on September 24.| Augustana senior Matt Bowman (Geneva HS, Elburn, Ill.) was selected as the “Runner of the Week” in the College Conference of Illinois & Wisconsin. Bowman’s strong performance helped the Vikings finish second at the Brissman-Lundeen Invitational at Augustana College in Rock Island, Illinois on Saturday, September 24. It was an impressive second place finish for head coach Paul Olsen’s crew as they beat four nationally ranked teams. Augustana, ranked sixth in the latest U.S. Track & Field/Cross Country Coaches Association Division III Mideast Regional poll, was one of three teams ranked in the top 10 to compete at the meet. Wisconsin-Stevens Point, ranked fifth, took the team title with 23 points. Augustana finished second with 55 points while Wisconsin-Whitewater, the seventh ranked team in regional poll, placed third with 88 points. Olivet Nazarene took fourth (138), Truman State was fifth (150) and Greenville placed sixth (263). The field also included a couple of ranked teams in the Division III Central Regional poll. Cornell College, ranked ninth, finished tenth in the team scores with 307 points. Grinnell, the number one ranked team in the Central region, finished 16th with 415 points. Bowman led the way for Augustana with with a fourth place finish and a time of 25:10 over the 8,000 meter course. The Vikings had ten runners run a time of 26:01 or faster. Tim Thornburg of Wisconsin-Stevens Point won the individual race with a time of 24:58 while teammates Terry Witkowski and Joel Heroux finished second and third with times of 25:00 and 25:10, respectively. Earlier this year, Bowman finished second overall at the Western Illinois Invitational in a time of 26:11 leading the Vikings to a team victory over a field that included Western Illinois, a Division I school. The next week Bowman was the second Viking runner to cross the line at the Illinois Intercollegiate Championships. He finished in a time of 25:49, which was good for a 26th place finish in a field made up of the top college runners in the state of Illinois. Augustana, which has only lost to two NCAA Division III schools this year –North Central at the Illinois Intercollegiate meet on September 17 and this past week to Wisconsin-Stevens Point at the Brissman-Lundeen Invitational on September 24 – will have a weekend off before they head to Waverly, Iowa to run at the Wartburg Invite on Saturday, October 9. Bowman, the son of Gary Bowman of Geneva, Illinois and Linda Bowman of Elburn, Illinois, is an art history major.
Kraft Foods has taken the Cadbury chocolate brand in a new direction, by combining it with cheese for the first time. The company is bringing together two of its brands and launching Philadelphia with Cadbury, a chilled chocolate spread made from Philadelphia Light and Cadbury chocolate. Kraft believes the new product has the potential to do very well and is targeting £10m in sales in the first year. The new cheese and chocolate spread is being launched on 1 February and will be appear in the chilled dairy aisle next to plain Philadelphia Light. It is launching in a 160g tub and a 120g four-pack of mini tubs, both with an rsp of £1.62. Kraft is supporting the launch with a £3.2m marketing budget in 2012 and is targeting 2,000 tonnes in volume sales – equivalent to about £10m – in the first year. If they reached this volume of sales, the new Philadelphia with Cadbury would have the same market value as Garlic & Herb, currently the biggest-selling flavour in the Philadelphia portfolio. Kraft already offers chocolate variants of Philadelphia in Italy and Germany, using Milka chocolate and targeting the breakfast occasion. In Germany, Philadelphia with Milka has generated €22.2m in sales since its October 2010 launch and has a 6.6% value share of the chocolate spread market. Kraft Foods UK marketing manager Bruce Newman said: “The UK product would be positioned as a snack. “The breakfast market in countries such as Germany is more developed, and our consumer research firmly identified Philadelphia with Cadbury as a snack.”
You must be a registered member to view this page.| If you are already a member, sign in now. To register for your own account, sign up now. Signing up will REMOVE MOST OF THE ANNOYING ADS from your screen. CLICK HERE TO CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT - Get advice - Make friends - Share your expertise - Post in our forums - Send private messages - Join interest groups - Be a community leader - Track your mood - Upload photos
|Facility Type:||Full Service Restaurant| |Inspection date:||March 27, 2012| |Number of critical violations:||3| |Number of non-critical violations:||3| Definition of critical and non critical violations |Code||Observation / Corrective Action| |2-201.11(A)(1)-(5)|| Critical Repeat Upon discussion with the person-in-charge, one or more of the elements of an effective employee health policy is either missing or incomplete. A complete employee health policy is required to be in place at the food establishment. At the time of this inspection, the Health Department provided and reviewed handouts and resource information to be used by the person-in-charge to develop a complete employee health policy.| A complete employee health policy must have the following elements: 1) Employee training on foodborne illness, particularly symptoms of illness and prevention of the Big Five illnesses (see "The Big Five Foodborne Illnesses Information Sheet" handout); and 2) Documentation that employees have been instructed of their responsibility to report symptoms of, diagnosis of or exposure to foodborne illness to management (see "Employee Health Agreement" handout); and 3) A management plan to restrict or exclude employees, as applicable, who have symptoms, diagnosis or exposure to foodborne illness (see "Employee Illness Decision Guide for PIC/CFM" handout). The information provided at the time of this inspection will help you develop and implement this policy. Handouts are available in the following languages: English, Chinese (traditional), Korean, Spanish, Thai, and Vietnamese. If you have any questions about your employee health policy, please contact your area inspector or contact the Health Department at 703-246-2444, TTY 703-591-6435. |2-301.15||Corrected During Inspection Two food employees were observed cleaning their hands in three compartment sink.| ALL food employees shall wash their hands in ONLY a designated handsink. |3-301.11(B)||Corrected During Inspection Critical A food employee was observed handling the following ready-to-eat food using their bare hands: bean sprouts and spring rolls.| Except when washing fruits and vegetables, food employees may not contact ready-to-eat foods using their bare hands. Employees shall use suitable utensils such as deli tissue, spatulas, tongs, or clean disposable gloves to handle all ready-to-eat foods. |5-205.11(A)||Corrected During Inspection Repeat The handwashing facility located in the kitchen is blocked by a rolling cart with meat slicer, preventing access by employees for easy handwashing.| A handwashing sink shall be maintained so that it is accessible at all times for employee use. |3-501.16(A)(2)(a)||Corrected During Inspection Critical The following food item(s) were observed cold holding at improper temperatures using a calibrated food temperature measuring device: bean sprout (56F) - moved to cooler. Manager will ice bean sprouts to keep temperature at or under 41F.| Potentially hazardous foods (time/temperature control for safety food) shall be held cold at a temperature of 41°F or below unless the permit holder is using "time as public health control" as specified under 3-501.19 to limit bacteria growth. |3-305.11(A)(3)|| Food stored on the floor and/or food stored less than 6 inches off the floor: in the freezer. | Food shall be protected from contamination by storing the food at least 6 inches off the floor on approved shelving units or dunnage racks. Milk crates, soda crates, or bread racks are not suitable for food storage.
News of the Week Barrie Spring Studio Tour April 27th & 28th 10:00 til 4:00 pm Come on down to Jill Price Studios this weekend to check out works I have created over the last year, as well as find some neat works from my artistic past in tje awesome sales bins created just for this weekend. You will also be able to see the upcycled creations of Lisa Brunetta. From popcan earrings to oil paintings of beach scenes, you may not need to head anywhere else. Hit us first, if you still need to pick up a brochure. Upcoming Workshops @ Jill Price Studios Online I am offering a new series of workshops out of Gallery 111 starting this May. Web Savvy seminars for Creatives will help you build your online presence in an exciting and creative way so that you'll barely know you're doing business. To read about the workshops, click on the document below. Also, the video of my Art Battle experience is now completed and posted on Vimeo. Watch parts 1 - 3 to get the full effect. Rural Transitions: Team Selected Latcham Annual Juried Exhibition Sat. Apr.27 - Sat. June 1, 2013 Opening reception Sat. Apr. 27 1-3 pm. I just found out that one of my mixed media textiles will be featured in the Latcham Gallery Annual Juried Exhibition this year. Selected by the jurors Katerina Atanassova, curator at the McMichael Canadian Art Collection in Kleinburg, Laura Millard, artist and professor at OCAD University in Toronto and Sean McQuay, artist and professor at Durham College in Oshawa, I feel extremely honoured. Giving a juror's talk next Wednesday, I hope to speak with them directly and get some immediate feedback to my work. One of the coolest things about the Latcham gallery, is that it is right beside the sally ann in Stouville. A one stop shop for any artist!
Category Archives: 2010 – 2011 TO: The University Community RE: Budget Challenges for 2011-2012 and the 2011 Regular Legislative Session Weeks ago, the Jindal administration sought to lessen state-wide tensions over the future funding of postsecondary education by announcing that any budget cut for the 2011-2012 fiscal year would not amount to more than 10 percent. While providing no specificity [...] Dr. Stephen T. Hulbert, president of Nicholls State University, issued the following statement today in response to Gov. Bobby Jindal’s higher education policy announcement: TO: Faculty, Staff and Students FR: Stephen T. Hulbert, President A Message from the President Last week, senior members of my administration and I met with a group of ten regional legislators. For some months, I have wanted to request that session; but on each occasion I have held back, always being concerned with the [...] TO: The University Community FR: Stephen T. Hulbert, President RE: Proposed Reorganization 2010 Accompanying this cover correspondence, you will find a proposed reorganization of the University’s administrative structure. I am sharing this material for review across the university’s shared governance constituencies as a means of both vetting the proposal and soliciting individual and group comment.
The Net Neutrality repeal vote is coming. Tell these Dems to vote Yes. The House of Representatives is likely to vote tomorrow, Thursday, on the repeal of the FCC’s Net Neutrality power grab. Using the Congressional Review Act, the repeal of the Net Neutrality order can be accomplished in an expedited way. In particular this means the bill cannot be filibustered in the Senate, so passing it means something. As Seton Motley said: This is our first opportunity | Read More »
Game Index | Deeper into the DarklandsYour Next Campaign picks up the action at Act II, in Beneath a Granite Sky, Part II. [ Read FAQ | Subscribe to RSS | Partner Sites | Contact Us | Advertise with Us ] Copyright © 1996-2009 Skotos Tech, Inc. & individual authors, All Rights Reserved Compilation copyright © 1996-2009 Skotos Tech, Inc. RPGnet® is a registered trademark of Skotos Tech, Inc., all rights reserved.
Great decorating addition I have a grape/Italian theme in my kitchen. I purchased 5 of these. I decided to use them to put around my pull knobs on my overhead cabinets. Now I am ordering more to sprinkle around in other places in the kitchen - even to hang up via suction cups on my white kitchen tile. September 20, 2012
Bible-black with a blinding white logo raging across the chest. It’s the time honoured Black Band Tee. Every band has one. If you’re in a band and you ain’t got a Black Band Tee then you ain’t even in a band, you’re in a sham! And if you’re a fan of a band and you don’t own the Black Band Tee then what kind of fan are you? Hey?? Sort it out!! Grab yourself a tees worth of black cotton power and put it to the test. Good for you. White as the driven snow, with a filthy black logo centre stage, this tee is cut to make you look like you just got back from the marina where you burned your billion dollar super-yaught down to the waterline just to freak the snot out of all the other billionaires. Good for you. Want to be a Civil Civic model? Send us photos of yourself/friends/animals in a CC Tee and we might just use it here.
No matter what you do, it just won’t stop — and you like it. It’s not your mom’s relentless text messages (unfailingly signed “Love, Mom”), the chocolates your boyfriend sends to your cubicle daily (you wish), or even that stupid overplayed commercial (which happens to be hilarious). It’s the exhilarating scent of new Downy Unstopables Scent Booster. Toss the special beads of concentrated freshness in any washing machine at any temperature or blend it with your favorite Downy liquid fabric softener for an enhancing burst, and find your laundry routine transformed into a thrilling sensory experience. Whether you prefer the clean crispness of Fresh (combine it with Clean Breeze) or the soothing indulgence of Lush (with Simple Pleasures Lavender Serenity), you’ll be glad to know that Unstopables fragrances stick around till you’re ready for laundry day’s return. Buy wherever Downy is sold. Learn more online at downy.com.
Michigan unemployment claims workers are losing their jobs. NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Many jobless claims workers in the state of Michigan will soon be filing for unemployment themselves. About 400 state workers who process unemployment claims are losing their jobs thanks to Michigan's improving economy. The state had beefed up its staff with more than 175 temporary workers in early 2009, when weekly jobless claims topped 500,000 and the unemployment rate was on its way to a 14.2% peak. But the revival of the auto industry has turned around Michigan's fortunes -- the state's job growth outpaced the nation's in 2011. The unemployment rate has steadily declined to its current 8.6%. And jobless claims have plummeted to 187,000. When the unemployment rate drops, so does the federal support for administering benefits. Without those funds, Michigan will have to let go of the temporary workers, as well as 225 permanent staffers, totaling about one-fifth of the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs' staff. "Unfortunately for them, the economy has gotten better," said Mario Morrow, spokesman for the department. "It's a good news/bad news situation." Michigan is not the only state laying off or reassigning workers who staffed unemployment benefits call centers and processed claims. With the economy recovering, about half the nation's states are dealing with reduced federal funding, forcing them to make staffing changes. Also, President Obama's 2009 stimulus act doled out even more money to help cover states' increased unemployment benefits caseloads. But those funds have pretty much dried up. So even states where the jobless rates are still high are forced to make changes. In California, which has the nation's third-highest unemployment rate at 10.7%, the state has shifted unemployment workers to disability insurance and tax processing after losing federal support. Rhode Island, meanwhile, laid off 65 workers, most of them on temporary assignment, after running out of stimulus funds. This comes even as the state still battles a 10.9% unemployment rate, the second-highest in the nation. The state would need $4.6 million to keep them on for another year, said Laura Hart, spokeswoman for the Department of Labor and Training. |Apple set for showdown on Capitol Hill over corporate taxes| |Tesla's fight with America's car dealers| |Why I'm protesting against Gap over Bangladesh| |The biggest merger you didn't hear about today| |Overnight Avg Rate||Latest||Change||Last Week| |30 yr fixed||3.67%||3.62%| |15 yr fixed||2.80%||2.76%| |30 yr refi||3.65%||3.61%| |15 yr refi||2.80%||2.76%| Today's featured rates: |Latest Report||Next Update| |Home prices||Aug 28| |Consumer confidence||Aug 28| |Manufacturing (ISM)||Sept 4| |Inflation (CPI)||Sept 14| |Retail sales||Sept 14|
A week ago, talk about Nebraska's running game centered on its stable of talented running backs. Now, you have to throw the quarterback into the mix as well. After redshirt freshman Taylor Martinez gashed Western Kentucky for 127 yards and three touchdowns on just seven carries last Saturday, the Huskers' ground attack became even more dangerous that it already was to begin with. Considering NU faces an Idaho defense that gave up 148 rushing yards to I-AA North Dakota last week, Martinez and backs Roy Helu, Rex Burkhead and Dontrayevous Robinson should once again put up some big numbers on the ground this week. NU Pass Offense vs UI Pass Defense With Martinez getting the start once again today, it will be interesting to see if he's able to do a little more through the air against a Vandal defense that ranked 116th nationally in pass defense last season. Last week, Martinez completed some nice passes, but he also got away with some risky throws that arguably should have been picked off. Idaho held North Dakota to just 122 passing yards and picked off two passes last week, but then again, it was against North Dakota. Nebraska's wide receivers will be some of the biggest the Vandals' secondary will face all season, and there's really no reason why the Huskers can't be a little more aggressive against such a physically inferior defensive backfield. UI Rush Offense vs NU Rush Defense The 155 yards and a touchdown Western Kentucky's Bobby Rainey put up against Nebraska last week were definitely reasons for concern, especially considering NU didn't give up that many yards against any of the talented backs it faced all last season. However, the players and coaches have insisted Rainey's big day was more a result of communication and alignment issues on their part and not because they were physically beaten up front. The good news for the Husker defense is that Idaho doesn't present nearly the challenge WKU was in the run game. Sure, they rushed for nearly 150 yards and three touchdowns against UND, but the Vandals still lost four starting offensive linemen from last season, and their pass-first mentality doesn't necessarily do much for the running game either. Also, word is that sophomore Eric Martin will get the start at linebacker over Alonzo Whaley, so NU should be even more physical against the run. UI Pass Offense vs NU Pass Defense If there's one area where Nebraska should genuinely be concerned about going into today's game, it's how they're going to handle Idaho's explosive passing attack led by quarterback Nathan Enderle. The Huskers' secondary is considered one of the biggest strengths of the defense, but it certainly wasn't tested much at all last week. That definitely won't be the case today, as there's no doubt that the Vandals will come out slinging the ball all over the place. Enderle and Co. passed for 399 yards and three touchdowns last week, but the passing game definitely wasn't perfect. North Dakota racked up four sacks in the first half alone and also added an interception. Special Teams, What If's and The X-Factor As usual, Nebraska gets the edge on special teams primarily because of senior kicker/punter Alex Henery and punt returner Niles Paul. Henery didn't really have to do much last week, and Paul came oh-so-close to breaking a couple of punt returns. In addition, kickoff specialist Adi Kunalic and kickoff returner Tim Marlowe did excellent jobs. Kunalic put two kickoffs into the end zone for touchbacks, and Marlowe averaged 34.5 yards per return. Idaho return man Justin Veltung is a threat on kick returns, but Kunalic should be able to make him a non-factor. Nebraska Will Win If: It continues to dominate in the run game and finds a way to put pressure on Enderle all game. Though Idaho's offensive line weighs in at an average of roughly 340 pounds, Nebraska's defensive line is much faster and more athletic, and it should be able to put some serious heat on Enderle and at least throw him off his rhythm. And if Martinez pulls off another performance like he did last week, then it's pretty much game over right there. Idaho Will Win If: It can force Nebraska to pass the ball and create some turnovers while also putting up some points through the air. Enderle is one of the better quarterbacks in the country right now, and if he can get enough time in the pocket to go through his reads he should be able to find some holes in NU's coverage, especially considering the inexperience at linebacker and safety. There's no question that the one element Nebraska has that Idaho doesn't is a natural playmaker like Martinez. What he lacks in experience and his sometimes questionable decision making he more than makes up for with the ability to score every time he takes a snap. Add in Idaho's recent defensive struggles, and Martinez could be in for another highlight reel performance, which will only further separate himself from the rest of the pack as clear cut starter at quarterback.
Amazon.com (AMZN) will have a difficult time meeting analyst expectations this quarter given its several significant headwinds. The two most prominent headwinds relate to revenue, namely the imposition of state sales taxes on Amazon e-commerce revenue and the large increase in federal taxes impacting consumer demand. There is another additional key headwind that is rarely discussed in relation to Amazon, but has and will continue to have a significant impact on operating income - the price of gasoline. While it should be no surprise that gasoline impacts shipping costs, this article enables the reader to accurately predict the impact of gasoline price changes on gross margin, operating income and earnings per share. While Amazon is quite stingy in the investment information it releases to investors (missing are tablet units, impact of sales tax, streaming users, 3P total merchandise value, AWS COGS, etc…), they do let us know their gross and net shipping expenses. Figure 1 charts gross shipping expense as a percentage of e-commerce revenue against average US gasoline prices in the quarter (regular unleaded, average of all formulations and areas). The chart illustrates that shipping expense had increased steadily from about 7.5% of revenue to 8.6% - 8.9% during 2012. This occurred while Amazon was spending billions of capital on tens of new fulfillment centers closer to the customer to reduce shipping expenses. In order to understand this divergence, I dug a little deeper to determine what is driving the much faster than revenue increases in shipping expense even as shipping distances are being reduced. Figure 1: Amazon Gross Shipping Cost as a % of E-Commerce Revenue and Average US Gasoline Prices Through regression analysis of Amazon and government data, I built a shipping expense growth model that demonstrates high correlation to two obvious independent variables: The price of gasoline and what Amazon refers to as "Paid Units Sold" (Amazon defines "Paid Units Sold" as "physical and digital units sold" that "are paid units and do not include units associated with certain acquisitions, rental businesses, web services or advertising businesses, or Amazon gift certificates"). The Coefficient of Determination (R2) of this regression was a convincing 0.98, displaying that these two variables alone account for the variation in shipping expense growth. As a note, I thought paid unit growth of 1P units only would be a better predictor as not all 3P units are shipped by Amazon, but the total paid units had a better R2, so I stuck with that. What does the Statistical Analysis Tell Us? Here is the key takeaway: Every 2% increase in gasoline price reduces Amazon's overall gross margin by 10 basis points (BPS). At $16 billion in revenue, every 10 bps of margin reduction results in a $16 million reduction in operating income, or about 2.5¢ in earnings per share reduction. While 10 bps may not sound like a lot, 2.5¢ represents 28% of the analysts $0.09 consensus estimate for Q1. So a minor 2% shift up in gasoline costs can shift earnings lower by 28% in Q1. Let's look at this in the wider context of future earnings potential. Amazon bulls like to point to 2009 Q4 as a shining example of Amazon profit potential as they achieved 4.0% net margin and $0.85 per share of earnings. They claim that once all of the current investments subside, Amazon will either return to or exceed those peak margin levels on much higher revenue. Here is a dose of reality for the bulls: If gasoline prices per gallon in 2009 Q4 were what it is today, Amazon would have earned a measly $0.02 per share instead of $0.85! That means given today's energy environment Amazon faces nearly 4.0% net margin headwinds from its prior peak performance. Has The Fulfillment Center Build Out Strategy Had Any Positive Impact At All? There is one other interesting result of the analysis to note: the model generated an additive constant term of negative 8.8%. That means that with zero unit growth and no gasoline price change, Amazon shipping expense would shrink by 8.8% Y/Y. This is the positive impact of the distributed fulfillment center strategy and is already baked into the current numbers - you just can't see it in Amazon's financial results due to higher gasoline prices and much higher unit shipments than revenue growth over the past four years. The end result is that although Amazon management recognized they need to do something to stem these two major headwinds, they have only lost ground. While they have increased fulfillment expense as a percentage of revenue by 270 bps, shipping expense has increased 120 bps as a percentage of revenue, thus reducing net margin by 400 bps over the past four years. Based on these trends it seems Amazon will need to continue to invest heavily in fulfillment expenses over the next several years just to return to 2009 shipping expense percentage levels of e-commerce revenue. Is There Hope For Gasoline Prices to Return to 2009 Levels? This is highly unlikely as the global financial crisis scared the energy markets into a severe dip (60% drop) at the end of 2008/early 2009. Gasoline prices have begun an exponential run up over the past few weeks and have well surpassed both the prior quarter and year ago quarter's level seven weeks into the quarter (Figure 2). Oil prices tend to lead gasoline prices by 4 to 6 weeks, so look for gasoline prices to continue to rise significantly into the end of Q1 to near all-time high levels ($4.11/gal) as oil continues to print new 9-month highs. That could mean all time high shipping expense as a percentage of e-commerce revenue for Amazon in Q2. The current White House Administration's tough policy approach on fossil fuels coupled with the Fed's QE infinity program should continue to pressure oil prices higher through at least 2015, leading me to wonder why Amazon is considered a "risk-on" trade with its strong inverse earnings sensitivity to oil prices. Not only does an increase in gasoline cost increase Amazon's shipping expense, it also lowers consumer's discretionary income, thus providing an additional headwind to revenue - a true double whammy. Figure 2: Weekly US Gasoline Prices for Q/Q and Y/Y Comparisons Core to Amazon's value proposition is the convenience of shipping product directly to your door. That service currently reduces operating margin by 870 bps (up from 750 bps three years ago) and is directly correlated to the cost of gasoline. For every 2% increase in gasoline cost, Amazon gross margin declines by 10 bps. This relation has reduced Amazon net margin by 400 bps to zero over the last four years. While spending billions on new distributed fulfillment centers has attempted to reduce the impact of soaring gasoline prices, shipping expenses as a percentage of e-commerce revenue continues to climb as Amazon paid units shipped far outpace revenue growth and gasoline price increases continue to override any Amazon efficiency gains. In the current money printing and political environment, energy costs are skyrocketing, thus having a direct and meaningful impact on Amazon profit potential for 2013 and beyond. Note: Additional information on the model, data and analysis can be made available through my consulting practice. Disclosure: I am short AMZN.
Tips for Preventing Medicare Fraud The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of the Inspector General (OIG) has created a new web site to provide tips for preventing Medicare fraud and medical identity theft. See HHS news release. OIG’s new web site includes a brochure containing tips, where to report fraud, and other resources. In addition, CMS issued a Medicare Fraud & Abuse Fact Sheet earlier this year.
Polish-born Chicago boxer Andrew Golota will plead not guilty at a court date July 19 to charges of unlawful possession of 12 guns, his lawyer said Friday. "There are two sides to every story, and we look forward to a full exploration of the most recent allegations against Andrew," Matthew P. Walsh II said. Golota, 38, was released from police custody Thursday evening after being charged with the misdemeanor counts of possess-ing unregistered firearms. His owner's ID card to possess them had been revoked, according to police, who came to Golota's Northwest Side home Wednesday after two women had left there and called 911. No charges have been filed related to other allegations brought by the women.
I’ve a new release of NYTProf ready to upload but I’m stuck. The CPAN Testers service is reporting a failure on a number of systems but I can’t reproduce it locally or work out the cause. Can you reproduce the failure with Devel::NYTProf 2.07_94? If so, could you give me remote access via ssh? (Or spare some time to investigate yourself – I’ll happily clue you in if you can reproduce the problem.) Update: No one could reproduce it. It seems that the failures was not what it appeared to be. A clue was that only one tester was affected. Devel-NYTProf-2.07_94.tar.gz unpacked itself into a directory called Devel-NYTProf-2.07. It seems that when using CPANPLUS if the user had already got an old Devel-NYTProf-2.07 directory its contents got merged and tests would fail. I’m not convinced that’s the whole story, but Devel-NYTProf-2.07_95.tar.gz unpacked into a Devel-NYTProf-2.07_95 directory and didn’t run into the problem. Update: More usefully, Andreas made my wish come true by pointing out the –solve parameter to the ctgetreports utility in his CPAN::Testers::ParseReports distribution. It “tries to identify the best contenders for a blame using Statistics::Regression. [...] The function prints the [...] top 3 candidates according to R^2 with their regression analysis.” Cool.
Reprinted from the renowned Bach-Gesellschaft edition, this work features the complete Sonatas and Partitas for Unaccompanied Violin and the six Sonatas for Violin and Clavier. The music has been reproduced in a size large enough to read easily, with large noteheads, wide margins for notes, and lay-f... read more Customers who bought this book also bought: Our Editors also recommend: The Art of the Fugue & A Musical Offering by Johann Sebastian Bach 19 canons and fugues (complete with a piano reduction). Also included is a set of canonical variations on a theme by Frederick the Great, complete with solutions and a realization of the keyboard part. An Encyclopedia of the Violin by Alberto Bachmann First published in 1925, this renowned reference remains unsurpassed as a source of essential information, from construction and evolution to repertoire and technique. Includes a glossary and 73 illustrations. The Three Violin Concerti in Full Score by Johann Sebastian Bach The Concerto in A Minor (BWV 1041), the Concerto in E Major (BWV 1042), and the Concerto for Two Violins in D Minor (BWV 1043) — reproduced from an authoritative edition. Caprices and Etudes for Solo Violin by Nicoḷ Paganini, Henryk Wieniawski Here, in one large-format playing edition, are Paganini's innovative Caprices and Wieniawski's much-admired collections, L'Ecole Moderne and Etudes Caprices. The three scores offer hours of rigorous practice and rehearsal. Mass in B Minor in Full Score by Johann Sebastian Bach The crowning glory of Bach's achievements in the field of sacred music, this work is a powerful statement of Christian faith. This affordable miniature score is a reprint of an authoritative edition. Reprinted from the renowned Bach-Gesellschaft edition, this work features the complete Sonatas and Partitas for Unaccompanied Violin and the six Sonatas for Violin and Clavier. The music has been reproduced in a size large enough to read easily, with large noteheads, wide margins for notes, and lay-flat pages. Reprinted selections from Volume 9 and Volume 27 of Johann Sebastian Bach's Werke, Bach-Gesellschaft, Leipzig, 1860 and 1879. This book was printed in the United States of America. Dover books are made to last a lifetime. Our US book-manufacturing partners produce the highest quality books in the world and they create jobs for our fellow citizens. Manufacturing in the United States also ensures that our books are printed in an environmentally friendly fashion, on paper sourced from responsibly managed forests.
Information contained on this page is provided by companies via press release distributed through PR Newswire, an independent third-party content provider. PR Newswire, WorldNow and this Station make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. SOURCE Urban School Food Alliance (USFA) Urban School Food Alliance Shows Solidarity by Serving the Same Menu to 2.9 Million Students LOS ANGELES, March 20, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- In a show of solidarity in providing healthy meals to U.S. students, the Urban School Food Alliance (USFA), which consists of some of the largest school districts in the country, will be serving the same lunch menu to its more than 2.9 million students today. The six school districts, New York City Department of Education, Los Angeles Unified School District, Chicago Public Schools, Dallas Independent School District, Miami-Dade County Public Schools and Orange County Public Schools in Orlando, officially formed USFA earlier this year to use their purchasing power to continue to improve food quality for students while driving down costs. "This show of solidarity is unprecedented," said Los Angeles Unified School District Food Services Director David Binkle. "It demonstrates that all the school districts in the alliance can work together to implement the same programs while serving nutritious meals to our students." The lunch meal, consisting of savory roasted chicken, brown rice with seasoned black or red beans, steamed green broccoli, fresh seasonal fruit and milk, will be served more than 2.6 million times today in the six districts. "We created this menu based on the most popular items we commonly serve in each of our Districts," said Leslie Fowler, Director of Nutrition Support Services at Chicago Public Schools. "Our goal moving forward is to identify these commonalities and work with our vendors to capitalize on our purchasing power so that we're providing the best and freshest foods possible to our students at the lowest costs possible." The Urban School Food Alliance first met in Denver in 2012 and has since kept in communication regularly via telephone. The food services directors from each of the school districts share and review menu items to ensure that they provide access to meals that meet the USDA's nutrient recommendations including whole grain products, low fat dairy, fresh produce and lean protein that when prepared are calorie conscious and low in fat, sugar and sodium. In addition to creating a purchasing powerhouse, the coalition is working to be more ecologically friendly in their respective districts. As a whole, the alliance procures more than $530 million in food and food supplies annually. In recent years, the school districts in the alliance have implemented innovative ways to provide access to school meals including expanded options for reaching more students with breakfast on campus as well as supper after school in order to meet the needs of students. ©2012 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.
Mastodon Two India shows cancelled Two India shows cancelled Due to circumstances out of the bands control, Mastodon's appearance in India this month has been canceled; Percept Live, the organizer of FLY Music Festival, India’s first ever mutli-genre music events announced that the festival stands cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances. All ticket holders who booked their tickets viaBook My Show or Kya Zoonga will be contacted immediately for a full refund. For Mastodon news that is customized to you and your hometown such as local concerts and appearances, please fill out the form. At Record Label, we are very concerned about our fans' privacy and do not share or sell your information to other third parties. You are signed up for email and/or mobile alerts
Chat Box Chicks ~ Welcoming the New Year! View Single Post 02-10-2013, 03:02 PM Join Date: Sep 2006 Does anyone have the long rectangle nesties? They're on my wish list but I'm wondering if I'd really make use out of them. View Public Profile Send a private message to laurlynn Visit laurlynn's Gallery Find More Posts by laurlynn
Tallahassee, FL (Sports Network) - An appearance in the 2013 MEAC-SWAC Challenge, a trip to Ohio State and five home games highlight the Florida A&M football schedule announced on Thursday. The Rattlers, who have a new head coach in Earl Holmes, will play 12 games, including five at home for the first time since 2006. Florida A&M will face Mississippi State in the MEAC-SWAC Challenge on Sept. 1 in Orlando. The Rattlers will both open and close their regular season at the Florida Citrus Bowl because they also will face rival Bethune-Cookman in the Florida Classic on Nov. 23. The Sept. 21 game with Ohio State is the first between the two programs and will net Florida A&M an $850,000 guarantee. Florida A&M's home games at Bragg Memorial Stadium will be against Tennessee State (Sept. 7) and Samford (Sept. 14) in non-conference action, and Howard (Oct. 19, Homecoming), North Carolina A&T (Oct. 26) and Delaware State (Nov. 16) within the MEAC. The Rattlers also will play conference games on the road against Morgan State (Oct. 5), Savannah State (Oct. 12), Norfolk State (Nov. 2) and South Carolina State (Nov. 9). Holmes is trying to lift Florida A&M from a 4-7 finish last season. 2013 Florida A&M Football Schedule Sept. 1, Mississippi Valley State, MEAC-SWAC Challenge in Orlando, Fla. Sept. 7, Tennessee State Sept. 14, Samford Sept. 21, at Ohio State Oct. 5, at Morgan State* Oct. 12, at Savannah State* Oct. 19, Howard* (Homecoming) Oct. 26, North Carolina A&T* Nov. 2, at Norfolk State* Nov. 9, at South Carolina State* Nov. 16, Delaware State* Nov. 23, Bethune-Cookman*, Florida Classic in Orlando, Fla. * - Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference game
- TV & Video - Renovation & Decorating - How To - Be Healthy - home beautiful You can also make one large shakshuka to share. Just spoon the sauce into a large ovenproof ceramic dish. Crack eggs into the dish, spaced evenly apart, then cook following the same recipe. 1. Preheat oven to 180°C. Put six ¾-cup capacity ovenproof ramekins on an oven tray. Heat oil in a large frying pan over a medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and chilli and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add chorizo and cook for a further 2 minutes or until onion is soft. Add cumin and paprika and cook for a further 30 seconds. 2. Add tomatoes, sugar and salt and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes or until sauce is thickened. 3. Spoon sauce evenly among prepared ramekins. Carefully crack an egg into centre of each. Bake for 12 minutes or until whites have set and yolks are still soft.4. Sprinkle each with dukkah and parsley and serve with sliced baguette.
Oklahoma Deer Hunters Hit Record Harvest Oklahoma deer hunters have already achieved a record harvest for the state in 2006 — 104,000 and counting — but their opportunities to take deer are far from being over. The state's special antlerless deer season is just around the corner. Scheduled for Dec. 22-24 and Dec. 29-31, these opportunities allow hunters to harvest does outside their combined season limit. According to Mike Shaw, wildlife research supervisor for the Oklahoma Department of Wildlife Conservation, hunters across the state have already harvested 104,346 deer in 2006, surpassing the previous record of 102,100 deer taken in 2000. That total stands to increase with the remainder of archery and special antlerless seasons still to go. Shaw said other factors will raise the numbers as well, such as final counts from controlled hunts and Deer Management Assistance Program cooperators. Shaw said a number of circumstances have led to the record harvest, such as the good hunting weather and peak rutting times that fell right in line with this year's rifle season. But even with the record numbers, Shaw encourages hunters to participate in the special three-day antlerless hunts. "We need to really focus on increasing the number of antlerless deer harvested, especially in areas that have less desirable buck-to-doe ratios," Shaw said. "And participating in the special antlerless deer season would be an excellent way to do that." The first three-day period of the special antlerless season will be limited to the northcentral and northwestern portions of the state, excluding most of the panhandle. The second three-day period will be open for hunting in the same areas as the first part of the season, but also in most of the remainder of the state. The panhandle will again be excluded, as will the far southeastern counties. For a map of Oklahoma's antlerless deer hunt zones and to see which counties will be open for the special season, hunters should refer to page 14 of the "2006-07 Oklahoma Hunting Guide." To participate in the special antlerless deer season, hunters must possess a special antlerless deer gun license as well as an annual hunting license and a fishing and hunting legacy permit. Resident lifetime hunting or combination license holders are exempt from purchasing these licenses. In addition, hunters participating in the special antlerless deer season must comply with the hunter orange requirements set forth for the regular deer gun season. Archery hunters and those hunting most other species in open special antlerless zones must wear either a hunter orange hat or upper garment while hunting. To learn more about this year's special antlerless deer season, refer to the "2006-07 Oklahoma Hunting Guide" or log on to www.wildlifedepartment.com.
The Department of Dentistry at Boston Children's Hospital is located on the fourth floor of the Hunnewell Building. Our modern facility, which includes 10 treatment areas, is designed to accommodate our patients' needs in all specialties of dentistry. In addition to standard dental radiology capabilities, our department utilizes a computerized panoramic, cephalometric and tomographic dental radiology machine. Craniofacial growth prediction, planning for skeletal and facial surgery, and orthodontic treatment can all be accomplished with the department's computer video imaging, scanning and digitizing equipment. The department has a dedicated suite that is designed specifically for dental and oral and maxillofacial services with the assistance of conscious or IV sedation. Also located within the department is the Dental Laboratory. In close proximity, our full-time laboratory technician provides immediate adjustments to various dental appliances for better comfort and fit, timely fabrication of appliances for the operating room, and customization and design of new appliances to help patients with unique problems. Prevention is important for all areas of medicine, and dentistry is no exception. Stressing the need to prevent decay and periodontal disease, the department utilizes a prevention suite which has toothbrushing and flossing instruction areas. Also used are videotapes which show you how to take care of your teeth.
09-01-2012, 12:04 PM Join Date: Feb 2012 You're toooo funny!! We call Addison "our special needs" dog as she is the same way, takes 2 minutes to process what we are saying, and then sometimes she forgets and is distracted by the leaf that just fell from the tree, we love her so much for it!!! I just went on the link....I can't believe it!!! Addy doesn't know even how to sit on her haunches yet!!!! I am not talking about the command "sit", she REALLY does not know how to sit down....thanks so much for this link....it is Addison, tilted head...like huhhhhh. We love her!
Share your documents with thousands of students and teachers! - Why does Dante put the virtuous pagans and babies in Limbo? Did that go against the medieval church's teachings? - What is the punishment for the sodomites in Cantos 15-16 of Inferno? - In The Divine Comedy by Dante, how did the main character, Dante, reeducate his will toward goodness when he took the journey? - Describe Dante's use of the numbers 3, 9, and 10 in the Divine Comedy, but specifically reference The Inferno? - In Canto VI of Dante's Inferno, what sin have the inmates committed and what is their punishment? thanks Test Your Knowledge
Amy Andrews Gossip Girl by Amy Andrews Charlie Sheen gave $75,000 to help a little girl fight cancer Posted on Wednesday, December 12, 2012 at 09:29 AM - Former Nickelodeon star Amanda Bynes arrested for drug possession in New York - Amanda Bynes' parents are trying to get her placed under a conservatorship - One Direction won four awards at the inaugural Social Star Awards - ‘Zero Dark Thirty’ star Jessica Chastain found it ‘scary’ wearing Elizabeth Taylor's necklace - Bradley Cooper is ‘grateful for’ 'The Hangover' franchise Father-of-five Charlie told the officer, "No parent should have to watch their kid go through that", and the next day sent a cheque for $75,000 to the Hermosa Beach Police Association, which had started a fund in Jasmine's honour. According to website TMZ.com, Charlie's stunt-double Eddie Braun also gave $25,000, and the the family is extremely grateful for the donation and hopes their actions will inspire others to join the fight against CR. CR is a debilitating form of cancer that occurs in the muscle tissue and requires over a year of expensive medical treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy. Last month, Charlie gave Lindsay Lohan $100,000 when he heard she was having financial difficulties, but claimed she had never thanked him. He said: "She got shorted and I found out, so I said, 'Here.' "I'm still waiting for a text to say, 'Thank you'. Anything you know?"
Our jersey leggings are so versatile, they work just as well under a tunic as they do under an oversized tee and long-line cardi. Made in soft, easy care jersey, they provide effortless comfort and style season after season. Now with improved fit. Sign up to our email newsletter to receive the latest trends and style tips direct to your inbox. Be the first to hear about:
While it can be difficult for aging adults to get their unique exercise needs met, programs like SilverSneakers are helping older adults take better control of their health. Dr. Oz talks with Steve Lindstrom, senior vice president of Healthway's SilverSneakers Fitness Program, about the nation's leading exercise program designed exclusively for older adults. Founded in 1992, and available at no additional cost to individuals who belong to participating Medicare health plans, SilverSneakers offers a blend of physical activity, healthy lifestyle information and socially oriented programming for older Americans. The program offers eligible member access to fitness centers, classes, health education seminars and other events that are specially designed for seniors. According to Steve, SilverSneakers saves insurance companies money while promoting wellness among their customers and has paved the way for other healthcare providers to institute similar plans. Steve says older Americans who are interested in joining a fitness program but do not belong to participating Medicare health plans, should consult their own health insurer, which will now likely offer something similar. Published on January 01, 2008 Most Popular in Health
Exhibition will provide a meeting place for businesses interested in capitalizing on India's waste management and recycling markets. Waste Management and Recycling India will be held from 8-10 April 2013 at India Expo Centre and Mart, Greater Noida Expressway, Delhi, India. The conference is being organized by Inter Ads-Brooks Exhibitions of India in partnership with Mack Brooks Exhibitions Ltd. of the U.K. The event is planned to provide a meeting place in India for businesses, products and services engaged in the waste and recycling industry, to connect the businesses involved in this sector and to assist professionals in discovering more about doing business in a country with one of the fastest growing economies, reports Michelle Amer, a spokesperson with Mack Brooks Exhibitions. According to information posted on the conference website, India’s population produces some 68.8 million tons of municipal solid waste per year, a level of 188,500 tons per day. If the current growth trend continues, the organization has estimated, urban India will generate 160.5 million tons by 2041, and over the next decade some 920 million tonnes of solid waste will need to be properly managed. Amer observes that with its current population of 1.2 billion people and a rapidly developing infrastructure, there are many opportunities in India for businesses in the recycling, waste management and energy from waste sectors. Amer also reports that by 2050, Indian economic output could be equivalent to that of the United States. A number of U.S., European and U.K. companies are already working in India to take advantage of its waste infrastructure growth, Amer says. For additional conference program and registration information, visit www.wmrindia.com or email firstname.lastname@example.org.
NEWTOWN -- Sandy Hook Elementary School students and staff will return to classes after the holiday break at a new location that one school board member described as "filled with love.'' The other six Newtown schools will reopen for instruction on Jan. 2. Sandy Hook faculty will report that day to their new location at Chalk Hill School in Monroe to meet and reorganize, followed by an afternoon open house at which teachers, students and parents can reunite. Chalk Hill has been made over to replicate Sandy Hook Elementary as it was before the shooting of Dec. 14, when 20 students and six educators at the school were killed, including Principal Dawn Hochsprung. "In one room I visited (at Chalk Hill School), the children's pens and pencils are on the desks, their coats behind their chairs,'' said board member John Vouros, a retired Newtown teacher. "It's as if time stood still.'' Schools Superintendent Janet Robinson announced last week that based on teachers' requests, she opted for a soft opening at Chalk Hill on the first day after the holiday break, with instruction to resume on Jan. 3. Robinson agreed that teachers need time alone to reassemble as a staff. They will be lead by former Principal Donna Page on a temporary basis. The teachers also wanted time to greet and assure children and parents that they are safe as school begins anew. On Wednesday, Robinson said some Sandy Hook families have already walked through Chalk Hill School, and that has provided some "comfort'' that the school will be ready for instruction and be safe. Extra security will be on duty, Robinson said. The timing of the shooting, just before the holiday break, left teachers without time to do much more than attend funerals for their students and staff, Robinson said. "It's been overwhelming,'' she said. "They need a chance to be together and organize themselves.'' Once staff and students are back to their routine academic schedule, Robinson said, the healing can truly begin. "Children are amazingly resilient, more than we are as adults,'' she said. Robinson said she said she is proud of all the "heroes'' in her district who did that horrid Friday what they pledge to do every day -- take care of their students. "The talk of heroism, this is not mythology,'' Robinson said. "They were doing what teachers would do to protect their children.'' In time, Robinson said, she hopes the school will erect a mural or a quilt of some kind as a memorial. As for Sandy Hook Elementary School's future, Robinson said she expects a community conversation on that topic to begin shortly. "That will be a town decision,'' she said.
Hockey fans cheer on Team Canada during their game against Team Denmark during World Juniors hockey action at Rexall Place in Edmonton Alberta, Thursday Dec. 29, 2011. Credits: DAVID BLOOM/EDMONTON SUN/QMI AGENCY EDMONTON -- In a game that had moths versus windshield written all over it, there wasn't enough wiper fluid in all of Edmonton to clean off the goo. But despite all the guts, there wasn't much glory to be found for Team Canada in crushing hopelessly overmatched Denmark 10-2 at the world junior championship Thursday. This was lambs being lead to slaughter and the Canadians simply went about their business with the cold and ruthless efficiency of an executioner. "It's a hard game to play in when you're expected to win and expected to score a lot of goals," said head coach Don Hay. "It's not easy to do. But we got through the game with no injuries and we got the win." They had the win after the first period, in which they outshot Denmark 19-3 and built a 4-0 lead, but there were, unfortunately, two more periods to play, which can best be described as a half-interested cat pawing at a half-dead mouse. "Maybe not our toughest competition," understated Ryan Strome. "But we have to continually strive to be better. None of the games are getting easier from here on in so we have to keep getting better ourselves." They'd have to play corpses for the next game to be any easier, but all you can do is play who they put in front of you and the Canadians are 3-0 so far, having beaten Finland 8-1 and the Czech Republic 5-0 for a 23-2 margin of victory so far. Three straight blowouts might not be the best way to prepare for the biggest games of their lives, but what can you do? "People can look at it however they want, but we've been tested," said Brett Connolly. "The Finns were a great team, the Czechs gave us a good battle, too. We're a good team." After scoring more goals in the first (four) than Denmark had shots (three), Canada eased up in the second but still managed to score its fifth, sixth and seventh goals of the night. And that was it, the other team was Dane like dinner. "It was a tough one for Denmark, coming up from the B pool," said winger Boone Jenner. "But we just tried to keep playing our game, just play simple hockey." "It's not like we were trying to run up the score," added forward Brendan Gallagher. "We've been on the other side of those, all of us have, and it's not a good feeling." The Canadians spent the third period trying not to get injured and that was all the opening Denmark needed to strike back. Nicolai Meyer sniped one past Mark Visentin to break the shutout and eight minutes later Emil Kristensen added a second Danish goal. At that point, Canada got serious again and scored its eighth and ninth and 10th. "We knew on the bench that we had to get back to work," said Gallagher. "We were a little sluggish and they took advantage of us. They didn't stop working for the whole game. We just went back to the things that made us successful and were able to score some more goals." So the Canadians are 3-0 so far, with one game left in the round robin -- a New Year's Eve date with the Americans that could either be for first place in the pool, or rendered entirely meaningless if the U.S. loses to the Czech Republic on Friday. "We'll be ready to roll on New Year's Eve," said Jenner. "It should be a fun game to play in, and a competitive one." For a change.
Larry Kim, Founder and Chief Technology Officer Larry Kim founded WordStream in 2007. He bootstrapped the company by providing internet consulting services while funding/managing a team of engineers and marketers to develop and sell software for search engine marketing automation. In August of 2008 he secured a 4M Series A investment from Sigma Partners. Today he serves as company CTO and is a contributor to both the product team and marketing teams. Larry practices photography in his spare time. Larry's background has been in software engineering, software product management, and Internet Marketing (particularly PPC, SEO and Social Media Marketing), for several widely-used software productivity tools over 10 years. Larry's prior roles include: - Director of Marketing, DataDirect Technologies. - Director of Marketing, Altova. - Various Software Engineering & Search Engine Marketing Consulting Jobs Additionally, Larry is the author of 4 Award-Winning Books on Software Development, and a blogger for the SEOmoz blog, the Wordstream Blog, Search Engine Journal, Marketing Profs, Search Engine Watch, Small Biz Trends, Search Engine Land, Forbes, Inc. Magazine, Online Marketing Institute, and dozens of other business, technology, and internet marketing publications. Larry received a B.Sc. Electrical Engineering (Honors) from the University of Waterloo, in Waterloo, Canada. Larry is a frequent speaker at search marketing industry conferences including the following recent and upcoming events. - May 15, 2013 - Interactivity Digital - April 8, 2013 - PPC Hero Conference - March 11, 2013 - SMX West 2013 Search Marketing Expo - December 8, 2012 - Media Post Search Insider Summit Search Marketing Thought Leadership Larry writes frequently about Paid Search, Organic Search, Social Media Marketing, Entrepreneurship, and Software Development topics. The following is a partial list of interviews and articles that Larry has worked on. MemeBurn (May 22, 2013) - Undervalued Display Ads, mobile; How Tumblr Will Earn Yahoo Billions Interactivity Digital (May 21, 2013) - 25 Quotables from #ID2013 Conference The Wall St. Journal (May 21, 2013) - Tumblr’s $1.1 billion sale to Yahoo Search Engine Land (May 20, 2013) - Try Your Luck at Winning the AdWords Jackpot Unbounce (May 10, 2013) - 10 Quality Posts That Will Help Boost Your PPC Quality Score Storecoach (May 10, 2013) - Coach’s SEO Highlight Reel Jeff Jordan's Blog (May 9, 2013) - Godzilla vs. Mothra, The Sequel Search Engine Land (May 8, 2013) - How To Use the New Keyword Planner The Wall St. Journal (May 6, 2013) - The Search For Mesothelioma Clients Intensifies on Web Small Business Trends (May 1, 2013) - The Top Secret Way to Save 50% on AdWords Hodges & Company (April 27, 2013) - What You Should Know About Quality Score Clarity Ventures (April 26. 2013) - Google AdWords Copywriting - Every Word is Important Search Engine Journal (April 25, 2013) - The Importance of Quality Score in 2013 MarketingProfs Daily Fix Blog (April 22, 2013) - The Poorly Run AdWords Account: An eBay Case Study Portent (April 9, 2013) - Better Quality Score = Better Results? TheDrum (April 4, 2013) - As six EU countries target Google over its data policy - should Google be nervous? Marketing Magazine UK (March 26, 2013) - eBay Paid Search Fails to Hit the Mark Social Media Today (March 26, 2013) - How Does Google Make Money From Mobile SEOmoz (March 26, 2013) - 5 Mobile SEO Tips from the Google AdWords Team eCommerce Times (March 25, 2013) - Marin Software Rocks Wall St. MediaPost (March 25, 2013) - Combining Real-Life Events With Search Marketing Without Ruining Quality Scores Rimm-Kaufman Group (March 22, 2013) - What eBay’s Test Results Teach Us Quartz (March 20, 2013) - Are search ads a waste of money? Why eBay’s controversial study doesn’t matter that much Koozai (March 20, 2013) - Over 100 Game Changing PPC Strategies From 12 Experts Small Biz Trends (March 19, 2013) - 5 Lessons You Can Learn from eBay’s AdWords Disaster Seer Interactive (March 18, 2013) - Looking for a Good Response to eBay’s Paid Search Opinions? Search Engine Journal (March 16, 2013) - Grading Google’s Top 20 Mobile Products Search Engine Journal (March 15, 2013) - How Not to Run a PPC Campaign, Inspired by eBay’s AdWords #Fail ECommerce Bytes (March 15, 2013) - Google Defends Ad Program in Response to eBay Report AdExchanger (March 15, 2013) - AdBlock Blocked; More Mozilla Cookies Search Engine Roundtable (March 14, 2013) - Clearly eBay Needs New AdWords Specialists Search Engine Land (March 14, 2013) - AdWords “Ineffective” Says eBay, Google “Meta-Pause Analysis” Contradicts Findings Adotas (March 13, 2013) - Google Shopping Goes Mobile Bloomberg (March 11, 2013) - Google Benefits as Priceline Outspends Expedia on Web Ads: Tech The Big Picture (March 11, 2013) - Google's Mobile Business Web Analytics World (March 11, 2013) - How does mobile make Google money? Small Biz Trends (March 12, 2013) - Time For Small Businesses to Take Mobile Seriously State of Search (March 12, 2013) - How Google Makes its Mobile Money Marketing Profs (March 9, 2013) - Google's Top 20 Mobile Products (and How It Monetizes Them) PPC Hero (March 8, 2013) - Infographic: How Google Makes Money From Mobile ValueWalk (March 8, 2013) - How Google Inc. (GOOG) Monetizes Mobile Business Insider (March 8, 2013) - iOS Dominates Android Among Airline Passengers Search Marketing Standard (March 8, 2013) - Five For Friday B&T (March 7, 2013) - Google Gets Serious About Mobile Search Engine Land (March 7, 2013) - Google’s Mobile World, From Ads To Apps To Android Inc. Magazine (March 6, 2013) - Google's 10 Best Mobile Apps MemeBurn (March 6, 2013) - Check Out How Google Makes Money From Mobile The Inquisitr (March 6, 2013) - Google Mobile And The Money Machine: How Search And Platform Development Earns Billions MediaPost (March 6, 2013) - Mapping Google's Apps, How They Make Money Kelsey Group (March 6, 2013) - Unpacking Google's Mobile Ad Options Adotas (March 6, 2013) - How Google Makes Money from Mobile VentureBeat (March 6, 2013) - The 20 Ways Google Makes Money from Mobile IntoMobile (March 6, 2013) - Infographic: How Google Monetizes off of Mobile TheDrum (March 6, 2013) - Google’s mobile profit streams charted Everything PR (March 6, 2012) - How Google “Won’t” Be Killed Off by Mobile Search Marketing Pilgrim (March 6, 2012) - Infographic Gives Google’s Mobile Push High Marks Search Engine Land (March 4, 2013) - How Adwords Enhanced Campaigns Can Be Used To Promote Your Mobile App WebProNews (March 1, 2012) - Google Launches New Mobile App Download Ad Format MediaPost (Mar. 1, 2012) - Google's Motorola Hires Former Apple Exec Kawasaki Search Engine Journal (Mar. 1, 2012) - Are Search Engine Marketers Warming Up to Enhanced Campaigns Search Engine Land (Feb. 28, 2012) - The Real Reason Why Google Is Dropping The Tablet vs. Desktop Distinction Small Biz Trends (Feb. 28, 2012) - 5 Surprising Mobile Search Statistics and Facts Online Marketing Institute (Feb 26, 2012) - How to Use the New Google Offer Extensions in AdWords Small Biz Trends (Feb, 25, 2012) - Are Google AdWords Offer Extensions Right for Small Businesses? Web Pro News (Feb. 22, 2013) - The Latest In Google’s Plot Against Groupon MediaPost (Feb. 22, 2013) - AdWords Enhances Campaigns: Teams Coupons, Search Ads Search Engine Watch (Feb. 22, 2013) - 3 Essential Mobile Ad Extensions to Get More Clicks from Mobile Devices Memeburn (Feb. 22, 2013) - Adwords Offer Extensions Google’s plan to kill Groupon TheDrum (Feb. 22, 2013) - Google integrates Daily Deal offer into AdWords in bid to kill Groupon Business Insider (Feb. 22, 2013) - Google Is Making Moves To Seriously Disrupt Groupon Search Engine Land (Feb. 22, 2013): Google Quietly Rolls Out New Offer Extensions in AdWords Dow Jones Newswire (Feb. 21, 2013) - Google Showing More Deal Offers Inside Search Ads VentureBeat (Feb. 21, 2013) - Google’s Offer Extensions rolling out within a week, integrating deals with search Portent (Feb. 20, 2013) - AdWords Enhanced Campaigns – PPC Hangout Inc Magazine (Feb. 15, 2013) - Reality Check: 5 Entrepreneurial Myths Busted PPC Hero (Feb. 14, 2012): Are Enhanced Campaigns Going to Ruin Your PPC Accounts? Performance Marketing Insider (Feb. 13, 2013) - Google Finds a Fix for Mobile CPC Dilemma with Enhanced Campaigns Forbes (Feb 12, 2013) - Google: How They Just Fixed Their Mobile CPC Problem aimClear Blog (Feb 11, 2013) - 25 SRSLY Clutch Google AdWords Enhanced Campaign #PPC Blog Posts Search Engine Land (Feb. 11, 2013) - Making The Case In Favor Of Enhanced Campaigns Boston Globe (Feb. 11, 2013) - 5 steps to paid search marketing success Rethink Wireless (Feb. 11, 2013) - Google upgrades AdWords for mobile BusinessInsider (Feb. 8, 2013) - Here's The Real Reason Google Changed Its Mobile Search Rules VentureBeat (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google announces ‘biggest change to AdWords in 5 years:’ mobile is now baked in ClickZ (Feb. 8, 2013) - PPC Pro - You're Being Replaced Wired Magazine (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google Upgrade Is a Tidal Wave for Advertisers PC World (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google rolling out AdWords management for multiple devices Search Engine Watch (Feb. 8, 2013) - AdWords Enhanced Mobile Campaigns: 5 Things PPC Marketers Need to Know InformationWeek (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google Updates AdWords For Mobile Era WebProNews (Feb. 8, 2013) - What Google’s Enhanced Campaigns Mean For Small Businesses TGDaily (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google courts mobile campaigns with AdWords changes ComputerWorld (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google rolls out AdWords management for multiple devices International Business Times (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google Devises New Mobile Click Ad Concept For Itself As Well As Yahoo InsiderMonkey (Feb. 8, 2013) - A Google Inc (GOOG) Change that is Going Unnoticed Ecommerce Times (Feb. 8, 2013) - Yahoo, Google Buddy Up for Display-Ad Deal ITWorld (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google plans to upgrade all AdWords campaigns in mid-2013 Search Engine Journal (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Announces Big Changes to Mobile Campaign Management Forbes (Feb. 7, 2013) - In Big Shift, Google Aims To Boost Mobile Ad Campaigns - And Its Own Revenues Small Biz Trends (Feb. 7, 2013) - New AdWords Enhanced Campaigns: 5 Things Small Businesses Need to Know Business Insider (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Just Blasted Away The Wall Between Desktop And Mobile Ads Search Engine Land (Feb. 7, 2013) - The Big AdWords Update: Enhanced Campaigns Puts The Focus On Mobile Marketing Profs (Feb. 7, 2013) - Mobile Search Advertising Just Got Way Easier: AdWords Enhanced Campaigns Washington Post (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google’s changes to mobile advertising could fix company’s major problem Wall St. Journal (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Acts to Raise Mobile-Ad Prices MediaPost (Feb. 7, 2013) - New Google Tool Combines Desktop, Mobile Ads Adotas (Feb. 7, 2013) - Today’s Burning Question: Google AdWords Enhanced Campaigns GoMoNews (Feb. 7, 2013) - WordStream comments on Google’s new Enhanced Campaigns Smart Company (Feb. 7, 2013) - Changes to Google AdWords "a big win" for small business Screenwerk (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Responds to Rise of Multiscreenwelt with AdWords Campaign Enhancements Search Engine Land (Feb. 5, 2013) - Live @SMX West: Forget What You Know About Paid Search Marketing Profs (Feb 1, 2013) - Four Seasonal Keyword Research Tips Search Engine Journal (Feb 1, 2013) - Buffalo Chicken Dip Wins the Search Engine Super Bowl by a Landslide! Business Software (Jan 28, 2013) - WordStream Helps You Breathe New Life into Your Search Marketing MediaPost (Jan. 28, 2013) - BlackRock Sinks $80 Million Into Twitter Bank of America Small Business (Jan 24, 2013) - E-commerce Best Practices: How to Maximize Online Sales Business Insider (Jan 23, 2013) - 5 Ad Execs Tell Us What They Really Think Of Facebook's Graph Search eCommerce Times (Jan. 23, 2013) - Google Posts Gangbuster Growth in Q4 TheDrum (Jan 23, 2013) - Despite first $50bn year, Google sees ad revenue growth slow during Q4 MemeBurn (Jan 23, 2013) - Google Q4 results completely crush analyst expectations MediaPost (Jan. 18, 2013) - Online Landscape: Marketers Should Watch Google, Macro Trends USA Today (Jan. 16, 2013) - Facebook's Graph Search is in search of ads Fox Business (Jan 16, 2013) - Will Graph Search Actually Help Facebook? The Guardian (Jan. 16, 2013) - Facebook Graph Search: how the industry rates it The Drum (Jan 16, 2013) - Reaction to Facebook's Graph Search announcement - what does it mean for Facebook? Marketing Charts (Jan 16, 2013) - 1% of US Google Advertisers Generate 80% of Clicks; Study Methodology Questioned Adotas (Jan. 16, 2013) - Reaction to Facebook’s New Search Feature CiteWorld (Jan. 15, 2013) - How Facebook's new search tool could also help businesses WebProNews (Jan 15, 2013) - No New Ads With Facebook Graph Search, But Sponsored Results Aren’t Going Away Boston Business Journal (Jan. 8, 2013) - Fast-growing WordStream aims to make SMBs shine on Google ads Search Engine Watch (Dec. 31, 2012) - 10 Reasons Why Public Relations is a ‘Must-do’ for SEO in 2013 MediaPost (Dec. 28, 2012) - 2013 Predictions From Online Ad, Marketing Experts Search Engine Watch (Dec. 17, 2012) - Estimating the Impact of iOS 6 Organic Search Data Loss & Relabeling TopRank Blog (Dec. 12, 2012) - B2B Lead Gen & Social Media Marketing Wins with Sequenced Content Daily Titan (Dec. 5, 2012) - Bieber Lost Top Spot to Psy American Banker (Dec. 1, 2012) - Pouring Money Into Google Ads Search Engine Journal (Nov. 30, 2012) - Top 10 SEO Blockbusters on Twitter this November PPC Hero (Nov. 29, 2012) - The 8 Metrics That Matter For PPC AdAge (Nov. 28, 2012) - 'Gangnam' Close to Billion Views; China Takes Down Artist Ai Weiwei's Version Social Media Today (Nov. 28, 2012) - The Top 22 Viral Marketing Tactics You Need in 2013 Horse Talk (Nov. 26, 2012) - Psy’s horse dance video days away from 1 billion mark Fast Company (Nov. 26, 2012) - Oppa! South Korean Rapper Psy's Gangnam Style Ousts Justin Bieber's Baby PopCrush (Nov. 26, 2012) - Psy’s ‘Gangnam Style’ Video Breaks Justin Bieber’s YouTube Record TechSpot (Nov 26, 2012) - Psy's 'Gangnam Style' video sets multiple records on YouTube Zap2It (Nov. 25, 2012) - 'Gangnam Style': Psy breaks Justin Bieber's record for most watched YouTube video in history CNET (Nov. 24, 2012) - 'Gangnam Style' slays Bieber, becomes most-watched vid memeburn (Nov 24, 2012) - Gangnam Style overtakes Bieber, is most watched video in YouTube history Business Insider (Nov. 24, 2012) - Should Advertisers Be Angry When Facebook Sells Their Fans To The Competition? Search Engine Journal (Nov. 24, 2012) - Social Magic: How Psy’s Gangnam Style Beat Justin Bieber on YouTube Forbes (Nov. 24, 2012) - PSY's Gangam Style Tops Bieber's Baby To Become Most Viewed YouTube Video Ever Film Industry Network (Nov. 24, 2012) - World record: PSY Gangnam style is the biggest music video ever memeburn (Nov. 15, 2012) - How Google Made Their Ad Money MediaPost (Nov. 14, 2012) - A View of Clicks and Conversions Top Rank Blog (Nov. 9, 2012) - Online Marketing News: The Google Economy, Google Moving Search Options Inc. Magazine (Nov 7, 2012) - How Google's Page Redesign Could Affect Your Business WebProNews (Nov 8, 2012) - Google Changes Up The Search Results Page Internet Retailer (Nov. 7, 2012) - Google redesigns its search engine results pages MediaPost (Nov 7, 2012) - Analyzing Google's Search Results Page Changes Washington Post (Nov 6, 2012) - Can search results, online advertising, likes and follows predict an election? Search Engine Watch (Nov 6, 2012) - Google, Bing & Yahoo Tracking the 2012 Presidential Election Results Search Engine Land (Nov. 6, 2012) - Can Search Queries And Social Data Predict The Presidential Election Outcome? The Guardian UK (Nov. 5, 2012) - Does Google really need news media content? MediaPost (Nov 5, 2012) - Will Search, Online Sentiment Predict Obama's Reelection? Marketing Profs (Nov. 2, 2012) - The Google AdWords Economy: CPCs, CTRs, Ad Impressions, Conversion Rates State of Search (Nov. 2, 2012) - Where Does Google’s 100 Million $ Per Day Come From? Hotel Marketing (Nov. 2, 2012) - Google AdWords in Travel: High CTR but Lower Conversions Search Engine Land (Nov. 1, 2012) - Data: Only 5 Percent Of Search Advertisers Follow Mobile Best Practices| Unbounce (Nov 1, 2012) - 24 Hours in the Google Economy – 2012 Stats Hubspot (Nov. 1, 2012) - An Industry Breakdown of Google's $100 Million Per Day Advertising Revenue SEOmoz (Nov 1, 2012) - 5 Killer SEO Insights from Analyzing a Billion Dollars in AdWords Spend Travel News (Nov. 1, 2012) - Google AdWords gets stronger, but travel keywords struggle with conversion CMSWire (Nov. 1, 2012) - Google's AdWords Bringing in $100 Million Per Day ValueWalk (Nov. 1, 2012) - Silver Lining In Google’s “Disappointing” Q3 Earnings Numbers Mashable (Oct. 31, 2012) - University of Phoenix, Ask.com Are Google’s Biggest Advertisers [STUDY] Huffington Post (Oct. 31, 2012) - University Of Phoenix Is Google's Biggest Advertiser [Report] Smart Company (Oct. 31, 2012) - Businesses Paying Less for Search Marketing MediaPost (Oct 30, 2012) - How To Determine A 'Good' Google Conversion Rate Business Insider (Oct. 30, 2012) - These Are Google's Biggest Advertisers, Ranked By Dollars Spent Daily Daily Mail UK (Oct. 30, 2012) - Revealed: Google's biggest advertiser is the University of Phoenix Beyond PR - Official PR Newswire Blog (Oct. 29, 2012) - Content Marketing Case Study: It Sure Looks Like PR to Me Search Engine Watch (Oct. 26, 2012) - How Google Rakes In Over $100 Million in Search Advertising Daily [Infographic] Bryan Eisenberg Blog (Oct. 26, 2012) - Google Adwords Conversion Rates by Industry Wired Magazine (Oct 25, 2012) - How Google Still Makes Billions From Tiny Text Ads VentureBeat (Oct 25, 2012) - How Google makes $100 million a day VentureBeat (Oct. 25, 2012) - 30 billion times a day, Google runs an ad (13 million times, it works) Search Engine Land (Oct. 25, 2012) - Google Bringing In More Than $100 Million Per Day Via AdWords Web Pro News (Oct 25, 2012) - Google Ads Earning Over $100 Million Per Day Web Analytics World (Oct. 26, 2012) - Reducing Adwords Costs Biz Report (Oct. 26, 2012) - Google's disappointing Q3 Earnings Good News for Advertisers Advertisement Journal (Oct. 26, 2012) - Google Runs Ads 30 Billion Times Per Day SEOmoz (Oct 22, 2012) - How I Got a Link from the Wall St. Journal Forbes (Oct. 15, 2012) - 100 Founders Share Their Top "Aha" Moments AdWeek (Aug 6, 2012) - Beyond Words - Public Relations Embraces Visual Storytelling Wow Internet Blog (Sept. 26. 2012) - Improving Your Keyword Analysis With WordStream SEOmoz (Sept 26, 2012) - Using AdWords Data for SEO: Unlocking the Ultimate Keyword Research Treasure Trove (Arrrgh!!) CIO (Sept. 11, 2012) - 15 LinkedIn Tips to Improve Your Job Search 100k Blueprint (Aug. 26, 2012) - The Death of SEO Shopatron (Aug. 23, 2012) - What You Can Expect from Google’s New Shopping Changes PPC Hero (Aug. 23, 2012) - Two Tips to Make the Most of Google’s Latest Results Page Change Interactivity Marketing (Aug. 21, 2012) - Google Decreases 1st Page Organic Results Social Marketing Forum (Aug. 18, 2012) - Display Advertising on Facebook versus Google: Who Wins? MediaPost (Aug. 16, 2012) - SEOmoz Acquires Twitter Tool, Confirms Social-Search Alliance Koozai Blog (Aug. 15, 2012) - PPC Click Rate Study – How Click Rate Deteriorates Depending on Ranking The Small Business Authority (Aug. 14, 2012) - An Adwords Performance Grader for Small Business Forbes (Aug. 14, 2012) - How to Improve Your Online Advertising Campaign Online Marketing Institute (Aug 13, 2012) - The Future of Search: 10 Questions with Larry Kim of Wordstream SEO Theory (Aug. 13, 2012) - How Realistic and Successful is Low Maintenance, Long-term SEO? TechWyse Inernet Marketing Blog (Aug. 10, 2012) - Which Content Network is Better, Google or Bing? American Express Open Forum (Aug. 6. 2012) - 5 Tips for Getting the Most Out of Online Advertising Rocky Mountain Search Academy (Aug. 6, 2012) - The War Between Organic and Paid Search Business Insider (Aug. 6, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google Ad Platform Battle SalesChase Blog (Aug. 5, 2012) - Why Pay-Per-Click Ads Make Marketing Sense for High Commercial Intent Keywords SEOmoz (Aug. 3, 2012) - Does SEO Even Work for Small Businesses? Ghost Blog Writers (Aug. 2, 2012) - Paid Clicks Top Free Clicks for Commercial Keywords Kairay Media Adwars (Aug. 2, 2012) - Google vs. Facebook! PPC Associates Blog (Aug. 1, 2012) - is Google Your Biggest Competitor? Inc. Magazine (Aug 1, 2012) - Can God Call You to Start a Business? iStudio (Aug. 1, 2012) - Is there a War on Free Clicks? Bristol SEO - (July 31, 2012) - WordStream Interview; Larry Kim Shares Highlights Unbounce (July 30, 2012) - Paid Google Ads Punch Organic Search in the Face TrendHunter (July 27, 2012) - The 'War On Free Clicks' Reveals Hidden Secrets to Traffic GetBusy Media (July 26, 2012) - Organic vs Paid Traffic Explored KISSmetrics (July 26, 2012) - The Inexpensive Marketing Plan ProBlogger (July 26, 2012) - Facebook Ads or Google AdWords: Which One’s for You? Marketing Tech Blog (July 24, 2012) - Is Paid Search Overtaking Organic Search? Marketing Profs (July 20, 2012) - Paid vs. Organic Search: Are PPC Ads Winning the Google Click Wars? Small Business Trends (July 20, 2012) - Google Ads May Be More Valuable Than You Thought TheDrum (July 19, 2012) - How pay-per-click ads are taking over Google results ValueWalk (July 19, 2012) - Click Through Rates Could Be Deciding Factor In Google’s Q2 Report Brafton (July 19, 2012) - Paid search and SEO thrive when paired together Search Engine Land (July 17, 2012) - Study: Clicks On Google Ads Are Double Organic Clicks For Commercial Searches VentureBeat (July 17, 2012) - Google and sponsored search results: is there a “war on free clicks?” Search Engine Journal (July 17, 2012) - How Google Is Killing Organic Search Business Insider (July 17, 2012) - How Up To 85% Of Google Search Results Are Actually Paid Ads TheNextWeb (July 17, 2012) - Google ad clicks outnumber ‘normal’ search results by 2:1 for some commercial keywords PPC Hero (July 21, 2012) - Are PPC Ads Beating Organic Listings for Clicks? Boy Genious Report (July 17, 2012) - Google declares war on free clicks Yahoo News (July 17, 2012) - Trend Shifting Toward PPC in the U.S. Fox Business (July 2, 2012) - Should Your Small Business Advertise on Facebook? Boston Product Management Association (June 21, 2012) - How to Get your Software Product to Market Official Microsoft Bing Ads Blog (June 21, 2012) - Yahoo! Bing Network Help Online Farm-Equipment Directory Hit Target Dowicher Designs Blog (June 21, 2012) - In an Advertising Battle Between Facebook and Google, Who Wins? KooZai Blog (June 20, 2012) - Facebook vs Google Display Network Motley Fool (June 20, 2012) - Google: A Growth Company Masquerading as a Value Stock Content Marketing Institute (June 14, 2012) - How to Build a Content Marketing Tool Set Search Engine Watch (June 13, 2012) - Paid & Subscription-Based Keyword Research Tools Hausman Marketing Letter (June 11, 2012) - Google Adwords: How Adwords Creates Online Success| The Entrepreneur Blog (June 10, 2012) - Get a Free AdWords Campaign Evaluation! Site Trail (June 6, 2012) - Google Ads Are Clicked 10 Times More Often Than Those On Facebook Aer Icon (June 5, 2012) - The 5 Core Principles of Revenue Performance Management Distilled (June 5, 2012) - Get Better At The Internet: 17 Pro Tips For Every Industry Motley Fool (June 3, 2012) - Facebook: To Buy or Not To Buy? Software Magazine (June 1, 2012) - 5 Tips for Taking Your Software Product from Prototype to Production Quality ClickZ (June 1, 2012) - Online Advertising in the Age of Agility Top Rank Blog (June 1, 2012) - Online Marketing News: Facebook vs. Google Ads Motley Fool (May 30, 2012) - Where's the Beef, Facebook? SEOmoz (May 29, 2012) - Oops, I ruined the Facebook IPO! Marketing Land (May 29, 2012) - Facebook Should Keep Ignoring (Some) Advertisers Ecommerce Times (May 26, 2012) - Beyond the Blame Game: Can Facebook Be Fixed? CMS Wire (May 24, 2012) - Facebook vs Google Display Network Online Ad Smackdown: Who Comes Out On Top? Yahoo Finance News (May 23, 2012) - How does Facebook make money? Revenue Performance (May 23, 2012) - Facebook Ads: Not Cheap, Not Effective Reuters (May 22, 2012) - China diversified dot-coms avoid Facebook pitfalls Adsolut Blog Italy (May 22, 2012) - Pubblicità su Google o Facebook? ValueWalk (May 22, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google: The War of Ads T3N Germany (May 22, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google: Duell der Ad-Giganten NewsTex (May 21, 2012) - Facebook Advertising vs. Google Display Network Website Magazine (May 21, 2012) - Report Puts Facebook, Google Ad Values on Display Technology Spectator (May 21, 2012) - The Facebook-Google Ad War Website Magazine (May 21, 2012) Report Puts Facebook, Google Ad Values on Display Lonely Brand Blog (May 21, 2012) - Wall Street LOLs at Facebook IPO Internet Marketing News Watch (May 21, 2012) - Report Puts Facebook, Google Ad Values on Display Information Week (May 21, 2012) - 4 Ways Facebook Can Woo SMBs MediaPost (May 21, 2012) - The Search Expert Who Bought And Sold Facebook Stock Celt Digital (May 21, 2012) - After last week’s IPO, Facebook advertising – does it work? c:rae-tive (May 21, 2012) - Are Facebook Ads Effective? One Would Second Guess Trend Hunter (May 20, 2012) - The 'Facebook IPO: Can it Beat Google?' CBC - Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (May 18, 2012) - Facebook closes just above $38 IPO price CNN (May 18, 2012) - Google y Facebook pelean por anunciantes. El producto eres tú Bulldog Reporter (May 18, 2012) - Does Facebook Advertising Actually Work? WordStream Shows Google Offers More MSN (May 18, 2012) - Facebook goes public at $42 Vator News (May 18, 2012) - Facebook closes debut day just pennies above IPO price Wall St. Cheat Sheet (May 18, 2012) - Facebook, What Happened? Wall St. Cheat Sheet (May 18, 2012) - Why GM Opted Out of Facebook - Should You? Billboard (May 18, 2012) - 5 Reasons Why Facebook Won't Spend its IPO Money on the Music Business The Register (May 18, 2012) - WordStream: Facebook Ads are Very Boring and not Very Imaginative Wealth Daily (May 18, 2012) - Facebook IPO Hype: Buy When the Sky is Falling Information Week (May 18, 2012) - Facebook's History: From Dorm To IPO Darling Financial Times (May 18, 2012) - Facebook IPO in numbers Huffington Post (May 18, 2012) - Facebook goes public any minute Motley Fool (May 18, 2012) - Psst! What if Facebook shares are actually cheap? Metro Newspaper (May 18, 2012) - GM pulls facebook advertising (South Africa) PC World (May 18, 2012) - General Motors dejará de pagar por publicidad en Facebook (Mexico) Xinhua - Official News Agency of China (May 17, 2012) - Facebook身未動價已漲 股東賺瘋 - ABC News (May 17, 2012) - Facebook prices its IPO at $38, could raise $16 billion Jalopnik (May 17. 2012) - GM Will Remove $10 Million Worth Of Ads From Facebook Branding & Marketing (May 17, 2012) - When Should You Advertise on Facebook Over Google? Being Your Brand (May 17, 2012) - Who Has the Better Ad Network? Facebook Vs. Google TechJournal (May 17, 2012) - Why did GM drop its Facebook advertising? The Star Tribune (May 17, 2012) - Google Totally Blows Facebook Away Examiner (May 17, 2012) - Was GM's Facebook ad failure GM's or Facebook's fault? Huffington Post (May 17, 2012) - Facebook Ads: Can They Beat Google? Reuters (May 17, 2012) - GM Pulled Ads From Facebook After Social Network's Failed Pitch: Report State of Search (May 17, 2012) - Facebook IPO: Can It Beat Google? WebProNews (May 17, 2012) - More Arguments That Facebook Ads Are Shoddy The Takeaway (May 17, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google: The Ad Model Cage Match More About Advertising (May 17, 2012) - Wordstream research reveals why GM pulled $10m adspend from Facebook WebRazzi (May 17, 2012) - Borsa arefesindeki Facebook’un reklam performansı ne durumda? (Turkey) StayWyse (May 17, 2012) - Facebook Advertising VS Google Advertising Business Spectator (May 17, 2012) - GM ad withdrawal casts shadow over Facebook IPO Vator News (May 17, 2012) - Analysts still find Facebook doesn't match up with Google's Ad Network, Spells Trouble Washington Post (May 17, 2012) - Is Facebook really a good business? TheDrum (May 16, 2012) - Facebook Research illustrates advertising underperformance Computing.co.uk (May 16, 2012) - Facebook advertising failing to click with users, According to new Study CIO Magazine (May 16, 2012) - Why Facebook Marketing Doesn't Work Les Affaires (May 16, 2012) - GM porte un dur coup à Facebook (France) ABC News (May 16, 2012) - Facebook's IPO, From an Adman's Perspective French Web (May 16, 2012) - Publicité Online : Facebook vs Google, le Match! (France) Lupa: (May 16, 2012) - GM přestal inzerovat na Facebooku (Czech Republic) VentureBeat (May 16, 2012) - Are Facebook Ads Really that Bad? Adverblog (May 16, 2012) - Google Beats Facebook Media IDG News Service (May 16, 2012) - GM Will Stop Paying for Ads on Facebook - Because They Don't Work Radio Taiwan International (May 16. 2012) - 臉書IPO在即 驚傳通用擬撤廣告 Performance Marketing Insider (May 16, 2012) - Facebook vs Google Ads Financial Times Deutschland (May 16, 2012) - Facebook verliert großen Werbekunden In Auto News (May 16, 2012 ) - GM ad Withdrawal puts Facebook in Dilemma Forbes (May 16, 2012) - Facebook: Facing the Facts Fox Business (May 16, 2012) - Time for Facebook to Grow Up Minyanville (May 16, 2012) - Should Investors Be Concerned If More Advertisers Abandon Social Networks? PC World (May 16, 2012) - GM Will Stop Paying for Ads on Facebook - Because They Don't Work USA Today (May 16, 2012) - Facebook must change after IPO The Week UK (May 16, 2012) - Facebook worth $105bn? Not if you Believe Advertisers The Economist (May 16, 2012) - Facebook's Flotation The final Countdown New Zealand Herald (May 16, 2012) - GM to pull ads from Facebook - Report PC Advisor UK (May 16, 2012) - Do Facebook ads work? Apparently, not Really PC Magazine (May 16, 2012) - After GM Loss, Can Facebook Compete in the Ad Game? Search Engine Journal (May 16, 2012) - Why Did GM Drop Facebook Advertising? Silicon Republic (May 16, 2012) - Facebook can’t beat Google at the Advertising Game PC World (May 16, 2012) - Why Facebook Marketing Doesn't Work for GM Washington Post (May 16, 2012) - Why Facebook ads are Different Network World (May 16, 2012) - Facebook Ads Don't Work ComputerWorld (May 16, 2012) - OOPS! GM drops Facebook ads: They don't work ABC News (May 16, 2012) - Facebook's IPO Means What For You? News24 (May 16, 2012) - GM pulls ads from Facebook Web Analytics World (May 16, 2012) - Targeting Marketing The Register UK (May 16, 2012) - Why GM slammed the brakes on its $10m Facebook ads The Guardian UK (May 16, 2012) - Five reasons not to buy Facebook shares Marketing Land (May 15, 2012) - Ahead Of IPO, GM Drops Facebook Ads; Forrester Warns Other Companies May Follow Mashable (May 15, 2012) - Can Facebook Ads Ever Beat Google? CNN (May 16, 2012) - Ad War: Google versus Facebook Wall St. Journal (May 15, 2012) - Google Ads Seen as More Effective Than Facebook’s The Atlantic (May 15, 2012) - People Click on About One of Every 2,000 Facebook Ads They See Mashable (May 15, 2012) - Can Facebook Ads Ever Beat Google? Tech Economy (May 15, 2012) - Facebook vs Google, sfida sull’advertising (Italy) MediaPost (May 15, 2012) - Facebook Needs Open Ad-Targeting Formats To Succeed Daily Finance (May 15, 2012) - Psst! What if Facebook Is Actually Cheap? TheNextWeb (May 15, 2012) - GM to drop Facebook advertising, citing poor results BizReport (May 15, 2012) - Forecast: Social Media Revenues to reach $9.8 billion but will ROI measure up? Adotas (May 15, 2012) - Can Facebook Ads Beat Google? Boston Herald (May 15, 2012) - Study: Google ads work better than Facebook Ads Business Insider (May 15, 2012) - DATA: Google Totally Blows Away Facebook On Ad Performance USA Today (May 15, 2012) - GM to stop buying ads on Facebook? Wall Street Journal (May 15, 2012) - Google Ads Seen as More Effective Than Facebook’s AFP Agent-France-Presse (May 15, 2012) - GM to pull ads from Facebook International Business Times (May 15, 2012) - Analysts Urge Facebook To Satisfy Advertisers More Amidst IPO ValueWalk (May 15, 2012) - Study: Google Inc (GOOG) Ads Crush Facebooks’ WebProNews (May 15, 2012) - Facebook or Google: Who Wins at Advertising? The Atlantic (May 15, 2012) - People Click on About One of Every 2,000 Facebook Ads They See Fast Company (May 15, 2012) - Social Ad Spending To Reach $10B Soon, But How Much For Facebook? Whole Brain Marketing Blog (May 10, 2012) - Walker v. Barrett: Can Social Media Activity Predict The Winner PPC Blog (May 4, 2012) - 5 AdWords Tips from PPC Masters CMS Wire (Apr. 25, 2012) - Navigating WordStream's Internet Marketing 150 Fast Company (Apr. 19, 2012) - The Environmental Impact Of Your Googling Shoe String Venture (Apr. 5, 2012) - WordStream: Automating AdWords Expertise for Small and Mid-sized Businesses Search Engine Land (Mar. 16, 2012) - Using Wordstream’s AdWords Performance Grader For An Instant Audit The Guardian UK (Mar. 16, 2012) - Total US newspaper industry's revenue less than Google's alone Intuit Small Business Blog (Feb. 29, 2012) - Should Your Small Business Buy Pay-Per-Click Advertising? Search Engine Watch (Jan. 30, 2012) - AdWords Performance Grader Tool Touts More Accurate PPC Data Reports CNET (Jan 24, 2012) - Google's biggest AdWords customers might surprise you Search Engine Watch (Jan. 23, 2012) - How Google Made $37.9 Billion in 2011 Wall St. Journal (Jan 23, 2012) - Google Leans on Rivals for Revenue American Express Open Forum (Jan 18, 2012) - Why Small Businesses Should Care About SOPA
It’s Time to Panic — The Great Chicken Wing Shortage May Wreak Havoc with Your Super Bowl Plans Okay, America. We have some news that will profoundly affect how you watch the Super Bowl. Brace yourself. No, scientists still haven’t figured out a way to teleport you there under the cloak of invisibility, so you still need a ticket. It turns out a shortage of chicken wings may be on the horizon What the cluck is that about? That’s like playing a Super Bowl without a football. Before you go loco, keep in mind the very fake-sounding, but very much real National Chicken Council chimed in to explain the reason behind this biggest national disaster not involving the name Manti Te’o. And while the economics behind it are more convoluted than the 49ers defensive scheme, it comes down to this: “Demand for wings this year is at ‘an all-time high’ due to decreased wing production caused by the high cost of corn and feed prices. Wings are currently the highest priced portion of a chicken and cost $2.11 a pound in the Northeast, up 12 percent from last year.” The council says 1.23 billion wing segments – they don’t sound as tasty when called “segments” do they? — will be wolfed down during this year’s big game, about 12.3 fewer than we gobbled up last year when the New York Giants managed to wipe the smirk off Bill Belichick’s face. Short of Beyoncé deciding to lip sync (again!) during halftime, this may be the most scandalous thing to hit this year’s game. The Super Bowl is the second biggest day for food during the year, trailing only Thanksgiving, and wings are the most consumed item on this most sacred of Sundays. A spokesman for the National Chicken Council did manage to alleviate everyone’s worst fear, though, by saying wings will be available. He added that although they may cost a bit more, “The good news for consumers is that restaurants plan well in advance to ensure they have plenty of wings for the big game.” Phew. Bullet dodged. Good to know because without wings, we’d be left only to eat pizza. And sliders. And Doritos. And M&Ms. And pigs in a blanket. And fried chicken. And subs. And pretzels. And heaven knows that’s just not enough selection for all the artery-clogged football fans out there.
Tuesday, August 15, 2006 Mrs. Plager told her boys not to grow up to be cowboys. So they didn't. Over at CIO the debate rages about whether or not Brian Leetch is an answer for our D corps. I said no but regular commentator Steve asked, well, who then? Uh ... good question. Regular surfers here know I'm a pint half full type of guy or as Lowetide would say I tend to Blue sky things. I'll admit to that. And while I can paint a scenario where the Oilers can make do with their D as presently constituted just as I painted a scenario where the Oilers could get by the Wings, the truth is this team has three decent guys who can eat up minutes (Smith, Staios, Tarnqvist) and a bunch of question marks. Bergeron might figure it out. Hejda may be a player. One of Smid, Gilbert, Syvret or Young may be ready. Greene may be ready to be Commodore (although I think he is a year or two away from that in reality). Check out San Jose's D if you want to see young and unproven. They did alright. The truth is the Oil likely will get a decent third pair out of the lot of them this season and in a year or two we will have a nice quality young D corps. So where do we look? A really nice summary of teams and their cap situations here and a few things jumped out at me. The Oilers have gone back to being young - the third youngest team after San Jose and Columbus from what I can see. Of course this includes Schremp on the roster. Jersey, even with the rumours that they are going to try and hide Mogilny and Malakhov on the IR to resolve their salary situation, are still in big cap trouble. Problem is the guy I like, Rafalski, has an expensive number on his contract and I'm not sure if Matvichuk or Lukowich add much more then what we have. So, why the Plager brothers up above? Because while the Blues may have, in some estimations (Lowetide again and Mudcrutch as well) have had a nice summer, I think they aren't even close to being back. And they have a lot of age up front - Weight, Guerin, Tkachuk and Drake. Only Detroit, Jersey and Dallas are older. And they have three young Dmen - Brewer, Backman and Jackman. Could we pry either of the latter two away for a young forward or two? Would Torres fit the bill? Or someone else? Maybe a fit? Posted by Black Dog at 2:12 PM
Here is the essay based on the observance of the recurrence and cost of wars during my lifetime. How fine might this world have been and how great might it have become, but for the upheaval of cataclysmic war? How much more civilized and humane, how caring and decent, how trusting in love and oriented with virtue? For, of one thing yet may we be assured, that the world can only be poorer today by the lacking, deficient today by the omission of the contributions and hopes of those deceased or disabled by the dreadful decimation of wars which have taken so many of the talented and the brave from out our midst, from off the broken breadth of this peculiar, polluted planet, from space so yet beautiful a distant blue, this our world, our war-torn, weeping world, carbureted under the hungry skies of this so much Hamburger Heaven Earth that so well knows the nature and the ubiquitous loss of un-godly war. Still, so ever most graciously abetted by blood, it is surely a better world ensconce we here today--for the life, and well-being sacrificed of these ever so valiantly brave, as did they ever so gallantly behave in the preserving of good, in the thwarting of evil--then might else have been attained for this our home of estuaries humane as course the banks and bridges, branches and arms, floes and coves and inlets in and about the lands and seas of the free, of we the peoples yet ardent and free who tread firmly today in both safety and in peace over the clear, cool paths and porticos of freedom with un-leaned-on a deed-- our soldiers having thus secured and sealed these byways in the sacrificial medium of their very human lives. May we give thanks to God on this, and on all days, for these military women and men, our warriors, our air-men and sea-men, present, past and future who make, have made, and will make clear and safe the thoroughfares of freedom. Thank you, Soldiers, for the most decent, shining and princely of ardencies and for the utterly altruistic magnanimity of your supremely chivalrous sacrifices. "No greater love has a man than this..." And you much more deserve than these, our little medallions and fillets, our bands and cinctures and carcanets, these little stars and hearts and crosses, these shreds of purple and ribbons of blue, cinches and braids of honorary hue bestowed of dignitaries, generals, governors, and presidents -- although prestigiously fitting, these small signs, so quite impelling to discern upon the chests of You, our true heroes-- yet matching not the level of our indebtedness and gratitude to you. >Graduate of Pennsylvania State University >Ex-Serviceman--US Army and Technical Writer >Resides in Saint Cloud, Fl with Wife, Benj; Dog, Skittle; and several Queen Palms. >Novel in progress, writes poetry also
It has been noticed on several occasions that DayOfWeek function is rather slow when applied to a large list of dates, e.g. in this recent question. What faster alternatives do we have in such situations? Just a literal implementation of a formula for the day of the week: Seems to give a 5-fold speed increase: Your function is readily compilable: I will provide one solution which will be using Java and a simple Java reloader I recently introduced. This solution brings to the table up to 100-fold speed-up for large lists of dates. I will borrow @Mike's functions to generate a random list of dates, from his code in his recent question The input is a nested list of the type we construct randomly, which is a natural date format as it appears in Mathematica. I subtract 1 from month, to comply with the Java conventions. Use and benchmarks There is a 100-fold speedup for this example. Note that there is a small constant overhead of calling Java, so the larger is your list of dates, the more you gain. I think that this can be one of the "canonical" examples of a situation where the use of Java is more than appropriate. Generally, this happens when some of the following is true: Effective use of Java / JLink implies that loops are outsourced to Java. Only then the overhead of Java / JLink will not play a big role. Performing looping in Mathematica while invoking Java functions is likely to not be faster, and often be slower, than doing it all in Mathematica. A big thanks goes to @Mike for spotting a bug in the reloader (which has been now fixed). This assumes the use of the Gregorian system, so this will require some modification if you need to work with dates older than the switching date September 14, 1752 (where the Julian system was still in use). Here's how to adapt This recent post reminded me that ~ 41X speed-up. Super-fast. You need the Joda Time library for that. If you're a hardcore JLink user, you have the first two lines in your init.m anyway, so the problem reduces to 71 characters, with an amazing speed. Joda Time is ISO 8601-compliant. I will provide one solution which will be using ANSI C and LibraryLink. Needless to say that this is a speeder...(Platform: MacOSX, gcc 4.2) The preparations are the same as in Leonid's answer. Create the Library and load it Microsoft's compiler (CL) has similar options with just different naming... The dayOfWeek function As the argumentation holds to use Java, because of it's simple interface I think I've shown that this holds as well for C/C++ and is unbeatable fast. |show 27 more comments|
The Vermont Standard Vermont's oldest weekly newspaper, serving Barnard, Bridgewater, Hartland, Killington, Pomfret, Reading, Quechee, West Windsor and Woodstock February 14, 2013 According to accuweather.com the upcoming winter snow storm could take two directions. Leave a Comment CAPTCHA - answer the problem to submit your comment. This helps us prevent spam. - Thank you 1 + five = Protected by Invisible Defender. Showed 403 to 106,878 bad guys. Previous post: Another Storm On Edge Of Our Area Next post: Quechee Orders The CodeRED Service The Company You Keep (R) Published Specials - click here Rates and Information Schedule of Promotions 2013
Videos & Films Videos & Films Send As Email Browse By Genre/Topic Total Items = 10 A high school student's insightful perspective , Wednesday, December 10th, 2008 8:36:22 AM The Case Against Blue-State RINOs , Saturday, December 12th, 2009 7:57 PM Castle vs. O'Donnell: A Mythical Debate , Monday, September 13th, 2010 7:27 PM Add Stephen Hayes to the Leper List , Friday, November 14th, 2008 3:34 AM Where did the Votes disappear to in Virginia? , Wednesday, November 30th, 2005 7:21:21 PM Looks like 58 in the Senate as Begich's lead grows as GOP says 'It's concerning' , Saturday, November 15th, 2008 11:21:17 AM Rest assured, Rush. Proposition C is here , Wednesday, August 4th, 2010 2:39 AM Code Pink to protest in support of Bradley Manning, no surprise there , Wednesday, August 4th, 2010 3:14 PM Mitt Romney on the Federal Reserve. Really? , Thursday, August 5th, 2010 11:22 PM Obama Supports Freedom of Religion... for Islam , Friday, August 13th, 2010 10:47 PM Send Current Web Page as an Email: Use basic HTML tags for styling in comments Use Extended Options Include Self BCC Print PDF Pages: The PDF printing module is not yet available. However, individual PDF pages may currently be printed by activating the [Toolbar] option and using the Toolbar Print feature. Save This Search and Its Results Normally, a Search and its results will disappear within about an hour. However, you can save this Search and its results for future reference Remember Me Here Forgot Your Password? No Account? Create an Account with easy Make a Donation Supporting UNZ.org and Its Content Providers This web site provides all its written content free of charge to everyone on the Internet, under permanent license from the publishers, authors, and other holders of the given copyrights. If you feel you derived some benefit from reading this article or book, we hope that you will consider making a voluntary donation to those who made this possible. In considering the amount of any donation, please consider the value you believe you derived from this material, and the time you spent reading it. Consider further the weeks, months, or even years of enormous effort that went into producing the work, and the generosity of the author in making it freely available to everyone on the Internet, many of whom are students or others financially unable to provide any donation. Finally, please realize that your donations will also encourage other writers and publishers to make their content freely available on the Internet. Sending Donation of
Subject: Binary updates all installed pkgs? To: None <tech-pkg@NetBSD.org> From: Mark Weinem <firstname.lastname@example.org> List: tech-pkg Date: 02/21/2005 22:20:06 How to update all installed pkgs using binary packages? So, if my installed packages are from ../packages/pkgsrc-2004Q3 how to update all of them using the packages from .../packages/pkgsrc-2004Q4? Regards, Mark Weinem
When ‘carpe diem’ is the wrong motto Posted June 4, 2010on: Carpe diem – sieze the day. Sounds cool and all if you are a grunt….maybe. Today, carpe diem – seize the day – was NOT a cool thing for me. I had a seizure today…at the park…after having brunch with some girl friends and my mommy and her girl friends. Don’t ask me what happened. Don’t ask the doctors either. They don’t know. The good news is that the seizure didn’t affect my brain. It got my daddy’s brain instead mommy said. I am not sure if that is funny or not. Turns out that every now and then a by Russ (Editor: virus) will make a fever happen and that the fever will make little people shake and shimmy enough to scare the water out of mommies and daddies and friends and preachers and church folk and and…enough to get people to pray. (That’s not a bad thing I hear.) I am getting better now and the frog knows sis (Ed: prognosis) is that it shouldn’t happen again. I can live with that…or without it as the case may be. Thank God I am okay. But I think mommy is still worried about daddy’s brain.
Nice, but they’re still white, conventionally attractive, not visually trans* or disabled, neither of them have visable scarring, stretchmarks, etc, I mean, even on a basic body-positive note, neither of them have hair legs or armpits. I’ve yet to see ONE graphic along these lines that actually include anything other than the chubby/skinny thing. Let’s see some fat, scarred and stretchmarked black trans women with prosthetic limbs or dwarfism or something, and hairy legs, maybe she’s got a shaped afro or something, natural black hair is looked down on by society. Then I’ll get as excited as the rest of tumblr by these nicely drawn graphics. YOU PEOPLE ARE NEVER HAPPY A RE YOU IS THIS FUCKING BETTER??!?@»@?
Geotags, aerial synths, street synths… capturing events as they happen. If you can mark it on a map, then this is the place to talk about it. There are some really cool places in the world that I'd love to see synths of, but for lack of time and money haven't been able to make it to (yet). Here's my list. What about other people, what would you like to see? • Shiptons Arch, China • Angel Falls, Venezuela • Nazca lines, Peru • Bungle Bungles, Australia • some bones in dinosaur national monument, Colorado/Utah • Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe/Zambia • K2/Baltoro Glacier, Pakistan http://maps.live.com/default.aspx?v=2&FORM=LMLTCP&cp=35.759607~76.548615&style=h&lvl=11&tilt=-90&dir=0&alt=-1000&cam=-54.055532~-37.330167&scene=-1&phx=0&phy=0&phscl=1&encType=1 • Deer Cave, Malaysia The Ice Hotel! [Insert large cavern system here] preferably shot both as a walk-through (and back!) but also as panoramics in areas of interest so we get lots of donuts. Another one high on my list would be an aerial synth of the Grand Canyon, preferably done about 200' below the altitude of the rim so you're down in it the whole way. Ideally, photograph it using a hemispherical array of cameras all synchronized to a single shutter control so you get instant donuts every time an exposure is taken. But you know what would be tops on my list? For the Mars rover teams to submit their pictures as massive synths. MWAHAHAHAHAHAA! I'd love to boldly go where no man has gone before. Ok, so little wheeled robots have, but... I realize I'm posting things that aren't likely to be picked up by someone local to the place who says, "Sure! That's easy enough!" but these really are the places I'd love to see synthed. How about New Zealand. Not exciting? I'm talking about someone Synth'ing their Bungie trip from the walk up, to the jump off, the way down, and the bounce back up. That camera had better be strapped onto their helmet... Fracture - this thread was meant to be list of all the places in the world we'd like to see a synth of where we currently don't have one. We actually have OK coverage of NZ, but havent seen any taken while bungie jumping. That would be fairly cool, skydiving as well. Can you guys think of any more places/situtation we need synths of? Son Doong Cave In Vietnam While I was replying to a thread about collaborative synths, this came to mind: I know Photosynth won't synth water, but a closer statement would be that it won't synth the water's surface. Underwater there are loads of fixed points to tie images together. Soooo... I'd love to see a synth of a coral reef. That would be a BLAST. Even better, I'd love to figure out a way to tie the below-water images to the above-water shots and have someone on the reef and someone else on shore doing a collaborative synth. You'd be able to "stand on the beach" at the beginning of the synth, and "dive underwater" to see the reef. (Oh PLEEEEZE tell me someone is interested in doing this! I don't have an underwater housing on my camera!!) I think Tom's onto something here. I think the transition from above water to below water would be the absolute hardest part, but I too would LOVE to see this. A good polarizer and a really careful choice of angles might work. I've had underwater features show up in a couple of synths I've done this way. It might be enough to tie the two, though the other direction would be a LOT harder. (Anyone on the Big Island with an underwater housing for their camera? I'll do the dry-land photography!) Cave systems in halong bay/Cat Ba island Vietnam would fit your suggestion TBenedict, and I'd love to see them http://images.google.com/images?q=halong bay cave system&rls=com.microsoft:en-gb:IE-SearchBox&oe=UTF-8&sourceid=ie7&rlz=1I7HPEA_en&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=N&hl=en&tab=wi Also synths of reefs.. excellent idea. There are a huge team of underwater photographers in Egypt and some awesome dive sites I'm sure the Devs here could fire off some emails to camel divers & they could use it for promo work ;) ;) One possiblility would be the use of a glass bottom boat to ease the transition from land to water? I'd particularly like to see some underwater wrecks, starting underwater at the boat near a shallow reef and descending down. Some well phrased emails would definately start off a few clusters of this type of synth! Any series of photos from space... The saturn mission has some good stuff going around Titan - their pictures are already in the public domain as well, I reckon they might be up for some synthing.. I honestly think you're right, the above/below beach/reef synth should ideally be done by underwater photographers. I REALLY like the idea of the glass bottomed boat for the transition. That or something similar on a smaller scale. I'm still interested in doing this, but I hope an honest to goodness underwater photographer beats me to it. It will be far better done. Your mention of space synths (of which I think NASA has done several) gave me an idea... I'll try to get this one done later in the week (time permitting.) Okay, I'm now obsessed with large scale underwater reef synthing... Underwater photography is tough, normally holiday divers don't have the equipment to balance the red shift (deeper water has less blue light) it's a pain to have to add/remove coloured slides for every photo.. (sorry--going off topic there) I emailed one dive centre in Sharm el Sheik but they haven't responded so I have sent emails out to dive centres I have worked at in the past suggesting they make a synth map a part of their dive master/master scuba diver course or make a synth to use for promos, there are centres where professionals dive the same reefs month in month out, 20 photos per dive, 70 dives per month... Anyways, I'll let you know if I get any success synth fishing :D Also, to return to the thread topic - I'd love to see a synth from the front of a train, some rapid fire photos might do the trick from trains both ways? *deeper water has less red light... doh! Glad to see you taking point on this, Mister_Blondie! I don't even qualify as a holiday diver, and my equipment is nil. I really like the direction you're taking with that, especially the idea of using photos from centers where professionals are in there all the time. I'd really like to see how that turns out! I don't know about the front of a train, but a while back Darius posted a link to a "drive through" synth where someone was taking pictures from inside a car, coming and going. The technique works quite well. At the speeds most trains go, though, you might need a pretty high frame rate to pull that off. Glad you thought of doing it both ways. For the viewer to be able to turn around and go back, that's essential. No dice on the space synth I hoped to do this week. I'll have another chance next week, so I'll give it another go then. A sculpture park. A whole big sculpture park... Here's an fantastic attempt at a sculpture park: http://photosynth.net/view.aspx?cid=97153326-97b4-4df7-ba8d-aaf9851fa34d This is pushing the upper limit of the synther as it is, so a park larger than this would be very difficult. The overhead view in this one is great. awesome, thanks :) I'd like to see some Mt Everest base camp synths. This takes a step out of the realm of the real world, but I'd absolutely love to see Michael Chesko's miniature model cities thoroughly synthed. He's worked on models of New York City, but also has a fictional city of his own design, entitled 'Britannica'. I happened to bump into his work on Robyn Miller's blog some time ago and have been hooked on the idea of synthing his models ever since. You can find one of Robyn's Britannica posts here: http://tinselman.typepad.com/tinselman/2008/08/stop-and-smell.html Unfreakin'real. I second that, Nathanael. I'd be willing to be there are no small number of photographers who would be ready to jump at the chance. (I WOULD!) I would love to synth Jack Lewis's house, "The Kilns". Short of being able to tackle it myself, though, I'd truly enjoy someone else doing a good job of it.
Top up your underwear drawer with the Essential 3 Pack of Briefs from FGL. Made from soft cotton, these briefs are shaped for comfort and have an elasticated waistband embossed with exclusive FGL branding. Product code: FIG-119126 90% cotton 10% elastane machine washable, do not tumble dry, cool iron, do not dry clean Items returned in their original condition can be exchanged or refunded, provided that it's within 20 days of you receiving your order. We cannot accept anything that is not in it’s original packaging, that has been worn or marked, that has been washed or has had any labels detached. Some items are excluded from our returns policy for hygiene reasons and are therefore described as non-returnable on the product page. These conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
Southridge Minerals Hires New Legal Representation and Completes Dividend Payout DALLAS, Nov. 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Southridge Enterprises Inc. (Pink Sheets: SRGE) ("Southridge" or the "Company") is pleased to announce today that Southridge Minerals, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiary, has hired new legal representation to meet the Company's expanding legal needs going forward. The new firm is now transitioning to file all of the Company's future disclosures with the OTC Markets and will be the liaison for the Company while facilitating all corporate and legal matters. Due to the change in legal representation, the Company will be filing its 2012 annual report in the coming week. Southridge will report its fourth quarter and annual results ending August 31, 2012, reflecting record mineral production, revenues and profits as per the Company's new release of September 04, 2012. In other recent developments, the Company has now distributed funds and completed its dividend payout one day early on November 21, 2012, in lieu of the payout date falling on Thanksgiving Day, for shareholders of record on November 15, 2012. The Company expects to continue its dividend payouts on a quarterly basis. Additionally, the Company will be releasing some positive news, developments and events concerning one of its mineral properties located in a world-class mining region of Mexico. Southridge anticipates releasing this news on or before November 27th, 2012. Southridge Minerals currently holds a portfolio of mineral properties located in several world-class mining regions of Mexico. The properties include the past producing and flagship property Cinco Minas , along with the Gran Cabrera, Los Compadres, La Esperanza, La Canita and El Horconcito. With metal prices forecasted to remain buoyant, properties that offer significant potential for Gold and Silver occurrence, a diverse management team, and a strong cash position, Southridge Minerals is well positioned to develop its opportunities and build shareholder value. For further information on the Company's Gold and Silver projects, visit our website: http://www.southridgeminerals.com. Southridge Investors can access the following Southridge Minerals social media channels: About Southridge Minerals, Inc. (SRGE) Southridge Minerals, Inc. is a U.S.-based mineral exploration company dedicated to acquiring and developing mineral resources in geologically permissible and politically stable areas of the world. The Company seeks out early stage opportunities with good mineralization indicators that exhibit significant blue-sky potential. Southridge pursues and advances these projects that are or will be of interest to mid-size and major producers. By forming alliances on individual projects, the Company expects to develop its interests in mines operated by its partners, allowing it to continue to build value through continued exploration. Southridge is currently focused on projects in Mexico. What sets Southridge apart is its vast experience in Mexico and the knowledge of the geological conditions and formations pertaining to known large gold deposits that have received very little attention to date. This comparative advantage, combined with a specific geographical and mineral focus, will allow for more efficient asset and income growth in the future for the benefit of shareholders' investments. Although the Company believes that the forward-looking statement of beliefs, plans, expectations, and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance those beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate. Investors should consider all of the information set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosed in the Company's published current and periodic reports. SOURCE Southridge Enterprises Inc. More by this Source Southridge Announces a Joint Partnership with Kinross (NYSE: KGC), a Major NYSE Listing Mining Company for its Cinco Minas and Gran Cabrera Properties is Valued at $550 to $600 Million Dec 26, 2012, 09:00 ET Southridge Declares Fourth Quarter Cash Dividend Dec 18, 2012, 09:00 ET Southridge Minerals Reports Fourth Quarter Production Revenues and Profits Dec 17, 2012, 11:40 ET Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs. Learn about PR Newswire services Request more information about PR Newswire products and services or call us at (888) 776-0942.
Was The Race To The Moon Real?; June 1994; Scientific American Magazine; by Logsdon, Dupas; 8 Page(s) Twenty-five years ago, on July 20, 1969, Neil A. Armstrong took the first footsteps on the surface of the moon. That event marked a political and technological victory for the U.S. in its cold war rivalry with the U.S.S.R. In the years that followed, the Soviet government insisted that the Soviet Union had never planned a lunar landing. Hence, it argued, the contest to send humans to the moon was a onesided exercise. The reality is otherwise; recently declassified information from that era and testimony of key participants in the Soviet space program under Khrushchev and Brezhnev prove that the moon race was indeed real. New evidence reveals that personal rivalries, shifting political alliances and bureaucratic inefficiencies bred failure and delays within the Soviet lunar-landing program. In contrast, the American effort received consistently strong political and public support. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration and its contractor teams also benefited from a pool of skilled and highly motivated workers and managers. Despite an early Soviet lead in human space exploration, these factors, along with more generous and effective allocation of resources, enabled the U.S. to win the competition to be first to the moon.
HOULTON, Maine — A compliance check recently conducted in Aroostook County to ensure that businesses that sell alcohol are complying with Maine’s liquor laws produced disappointing news, as nearly half of the establishments targeted were cited by police. Deputy Kris Malmbourg of the Aroostook County Sheriff’s Department said earlier this week that 33 establishments, including restaurants and stores, around The County were checked for liquor law compliance as part of the Underage Drinking, Adult Consequences campaign. Of those, 13 were summoned for violations. Aroostook County was selected last month as one of only four sites in the nation to participate in the underage drinking project sponsored by the U.S. Department of Transportation and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Community Voices, a countywide organization that works to curb substance abuse among youths, was awarded a $325,000 grant, which it is using to work with 11 law enforcement groups on a pilot project to get alcohol out of the hands of minors. Malmbourg said the most recent compliance checks were part of the initiative and are being conducted to reduce the number of underage drinkers and the number of underage drinking and driving fatalities in The County. They also are being conducted to deter those who provide alcohol to youths. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, teens are at far greater risk of death in an alcohol-related crash than the overall population, despite the fact that they are below the minimum drinking age in every state. Thirty one percent of 15- to 20-year-old drivers who were killed in crashes nationally in 2006 had been drinking. According to Maine’s office of substance abuse, a 2008 statewide survey reported that 48.8 percent of Maine students in grades seven through 12 had tried alcohol. Research also has shown that 40 percent of children who begin drinking before age 15 will develop alcohol abuse or dependence at some point in their lives. Malmbourg pointed out that 142 people died in Maine from 2006 to 2010 as a result of a crash involving a 15- to 20-year-old driver with a blood alcohol content of 0.01 or above. In 2010 alone, 22 percent of 15- to 20-year-old drivers involved in traffic fatalities in Maine had a blood alcohol content of 0.01 or above. “One careless decision by a young person can end and destroy lives,” Malmborg said. “We know we have more work to do, but if we got across to just one teen who might have otherwise chosen to drink and drive, we’ve accomplished something and hopefully changed lives. And if we’re able to reduce their access to alcohol, that’s tackling the first part of the problem.” Along with the 13 establishments summoned for noncompliance, the additional road patrols in Aroostook resulted in youth transportation and possession of alcohol citations, as well as citations for adults furnishing a place for minors to consume and alcohol for minors to consume. Other violations not alcohol-related were dealt with as a result of the increased patrols, ranging from driving violations to drug violations, according to Malmbourg. “Local enforcement officials and community partners came together for this campaign, and we believe it was a tremendous success,” he said. “Hopefully, the teens in our community now know we will not tolerate underage drinking, and just as importantly, the adults and organizations who provide the alcohol know they also face serious consequences.” This is not the first time that compliance checks have revealed that not all County businesses are enforcing the state’s liquor laws. In March 2011, the Sheriff’s Department oversaw an operation that had minors attempt to buy alcohol at 43 businesses stretching from Macwahoc to Fort Kent. Twenty-three of the establishments sold alcohol to the minors and were summoned for the violation, according to Sheriff Jim Madore. During the summer of 2010 in Caribou, the Police Department selected 12 local businesses where alcohol is served. Fifty percent of the businesses failed the test and sold the minor alcohol, according to Caribou Chief Mike Gahagan. Gahagan said at the time that he was stunned by the results, especially since the department offers free responsible beverage training to businesses in the city. Michelle Plourde Chasse, Community Voices project manager, said Friday afternoon that she also was disappointed with the results. She noted that compliance checks that were conducted in January revealed an almost 50 percent failure rate. That rate is slightly lower this time. “I wish there was a magic button because I would push it,” she said. “We will continue to offer training twice a year to businesses in this area and we are going to continue with compliance checks.” The project manager said she believes that it would be helpful to immediately list the names of businesses that were summoned in order to let parents and others know that they were cited. But the names have not been released in the past until the cases were settled in court, and Plourde Chasse did not have the list of businesses that were cited during this round of checks. Penalties for the violations can result in a fine, license suspension or both. Fines for stores start at between $550 and $1,500 for a first violation, depending on the number of offenses. The next wave of compliance checks will start this month and the enforcement campaign will continue throughout the year.
Prior to founding The Climate Corporation (formerly WeatherBill), Friedberg was with Google, where he joined as one of the founding members of the company's Corporate Development team. He managed a number of strategic projects for Google, including identifying and leading several of Google's largest acquisitions. Friedberg also served as a Business Product Manager for AdWords?Google's primary revenue source. Before Google, Friedberg spent several years working in private equity and investment banking. He has invested in and advised dozens of companies in the technology industry. Earlier, he worked at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, where he led several projects as a mathematical programmer. He has a degree in Astrophysics from UC Berkeley. Related Links: http://www.climate.com/ Last Updated: Wed, Oct 19, 2011 |Podcast||Entrepreneurship Gives Life Meaning||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||01:01:12||10/2011| |Video||Entrepreneurship Gives Life Meaning [Entire Talk]||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||59:38||10/2011| |Video||Taking Control of Your Destiny||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||00:49||10/2011| |Video||Recognizing Opportunity in the Rain||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||02:31||10/2011| |Video||When Nobody Buys||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||01:57||10/2011| |Video||Founder is Not a Role||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||00:51||10/2011| |Video||Most Entrepreneurs are Not Rock Stars||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||05:07||10/2011| |Video||The Big Things Matter||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||01:08||10/2011| |Video||Getting Rid of Luck||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||02:42||10/2011| |Video||You Gotta Grind||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||04:29||10/2011| |Video||Innovation at Scale is Challenging||David Friedberg||The Climate Corporation||01:01||10/2011|
|Page (1) of 1 - 07/10/12||email article||print page| Today, News Corp. officially announced plans to split into two separate publicly traded companies. One of the companies will focus on News Corp's booming film and television assets, including 20th Century Fox film studio, Fox News Channel, and Fox broadcast news. The other company will include News Corp's publishing assets, such as the Wall Street Journal, The Times of London, and HarperCollins book publishing. The company's publishing assets have struggled recently in the wake of a phone hacking scandal in Great Britain. In News Corp's last quarterly earnings report, entertainment revenues came to $6.2 billion, while publishing assets only brought in $2 billion. Chief Executive Rupert Murodch will serve as chairman of both companies. He will also be CEO for the entertainment-focused company. No word yet on who will serve as CEO on the publishing side, but Murdoch has dismissed fears that the publishing company will not be able to stand on its own. The transaction will take roughly a year to complete. News of the split's possibility caused News Corp shares to rise sharply over the past couple of days. At the moment, however, shares are down slightly 1.52% at $22.07 a share. |News Corp Confirms Split| Source:GrabNetworks (c). All Rights Reserved
|general shipping policy||shipping to a different address||international shipping||using the shopping cart||sales tax||payment options||secure ordering||order confirmations||required assembly upon arrival||returns policy||contact information||warranty| We've made our shipping and handling prices and policy as fair as possible, so you benefit from our low prices plus the convenience of delivery to your door. Shipping within the Continental United States Within the continental USA, we ship our folding bikes by FedEx Ground service. Citizen Bike shipping rates for |Folding bikes||$29 / Tokyo, Miami, Gotham1/Gotham2| $39 / Barcelona, Alhambra |Accessories||Varies based on size and weight| Depending on originating and desination locations, shipping will require between 2-8 days. If you ordered two or more items, you may receive them in multiple boxes on different days. We do not charge you extra shipping for split shipments. Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii We ship all items to all states, including Alaska and Hawaii. Shipments to Alaska and Hawaii require additional surcharges. Also, we ship our folding bikes and accessories by USPS Priority Mail service to Alaska and Hawaii. Please add items to the shopping cart to find out the most accurate shipping rates. Shipping to Canada We ship to Canada by FedEx International Economy service. Generally, this service takes between 5-8 days for delivery. The shipping fees do not include any duty, import tariff fees or sales taxes. These fees are the responsibility of the recipient and must be paid directly to the courier upon delivery. During Checkout, you can specify a different shipping address than your billing address. We ship within the United States and Canada. At this time, we do not ship to additional international destinations. When you see an item you'd like to purchase, simply click Add to Cart next to the item. That puts the item in your shopping cart and takes you to the Shopping Cart page, where you'll be able to view the items you've added to your cart. You can also change the quantity of each item you've selected or remove items, if you want. From your cart, you can either check out or continue to shop. You can return to the shopping cart by any time by clicking Your Cart on the page header. Sales tax is only applied only to orders that are shipped to the State of Florida. Florida state sales tax is 6% (plus additional county surcharges where applicable). Shipping and handling charges are taxable in the State of Florida. Orders placed in Florida are not subject to sales tax if the order is shipped outside of Florida. The sales tax rate is subject to change at any time. We accept the following major credit cards issued by U.S. or Canadian banks: Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. We're sorry, but at this time we do not accept cash, checks, money orders or credit cards issued by foreign (non-U.S. or Canadian) banks. We use SSL to encrypt our web pages. SSL is the leading standard for encrypting and transmitting sensitive data over the web. When you see "https" rather than "http" in your browser's address window, you are exchanging encrypted data with our server. This will prevent outsiders from obtaining any credit card information or personal data as it is sent to our servers. This web site is secured using a GeoTrust Certificate. Shortly after completion of placing your order, you will receive an email confirming that we have received your order. You will receive a second email when your order has shipped. Please save these email invoices for your records. If you do not receive an email confirmation within 48hrs of placing your order, please contact us at email@example.com. Although packed for shipment, your Citizen Bike will arrive approximately 95% assembled. All you have to do is unpack, unfold, and if your model requires, attach your seat and pedals. Click here for more information. Returns require a return authorization number for processing. A return authorization number can be obtained by emailing us at firstname.lastname@example.org. This return authorization number must be clearly marked on the outside of the package upon return. In order to offer our customers the lowest prices possible, we must have certain limits on our return policy in regards to shipping fees. Therefore, all shipping charges, outbound and return, are non-refundable. For items purchased with free-shipping, the current cost of shipping, of similar items without free-shipping, is non-refundable. Returns can only be accepted within 30 days from the purchase date. For backorder items, returns are accepted within 30 days from the shipped date. There are no restocking fees for returned items. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at email@example.com. Citizen Bike warrants the frame and fork of each new Citizen Bike brand bicycle to be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of one (1) year from the date of purchase for the original purchaser only. All other original components and all Citizen Bike brand repair parts, replacement parts and accessories are warranted to be free from defects in material or workmanship for a period of sixty (60) days from the original date of purchase. Unless otherwise provided, the sole remedy under the above warranty or any implied warranty is limited to the replacement of defective parts with those of equal or greater value at the sole discretion of Citizen Bike. You will be responsible for labor costs associated with warranty replacements. IN NO EVENT SHALL CITIZEN BIKE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, OR PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONAL INJURY DAMAGES, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR ECONOMIC LOSSES. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. THE ABOVE WARRANTY, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY, DOES NOT COVER NORMAL WEAR AND TEAR, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARE VOID IF THE BICYCLE IS USED FOR OTHER THAN NORMAL ACTIVITIES. INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE OWNER’S MANUAL USING THE BICYCLE FOR COMMERCIAL ACTIVITIES OR IN COMPETITIVE EVENTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO BICYCLE RACING, BICYCLE MOTORCROSS RACING, STUNT RIDING, RAMP JUMPING OR SIMILAR ACTIVITIES, AND TRAINING FOR SUCH ACTIVITIES OR EVENTS. CITIZEN BIKE MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THAT OF THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES STATED ABOVE. Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. |videos & gallery| Citizen Bike Inc. 1190 Stirling Rd. Dania Beach, FL 33004 "Giving gifts is a wonderful way to celebrate the abundance and joy of the holiday season. It's also a great way to support causes you care about and earth-friendly companies you respect. Here, a gift suggestion for outdoorsy personalities who like to pay it forward. Biking is a fast, carbon-free way to run errands around town; it's also a terrific. The affordable and ultra-convenient Citizen Folding Bike ($254) makes the sport even easier: It folds down in seconds for storage."
From Dr. Mike Mawson: We are pleased to announce a new one-year Master’s in Theological Ethics degree at the University of Aberdeen. Aberdeen’s department of Divinity is currently one of the top-ranked theology programs in the UK, and recent appointments in the areas of Systematic Theology and Theological Ethics have further strengthened the department. The Theological Ethics area emphasizes fundamental texts and thinkers in the Christian tradition for engaging contemporary issues and debates. For more information: http://www.abdn.ac.uk/divinity/pgrad/MThTheologicalEthics.shtml If you have questions or are interested in applying to the MTh program feel free to contact Professor Bernd Wannenwetsch, Dr Brian Brock or Dr Michael Mawson. We will be happy to meet with prospective students at the American Academy of Religion meeting (in Chicago in November 2012) or the Society of Christian Ethics meeting (in Chicago in January 2013). In addition, we would be happy to discuss funding options for prospective Master’s and doctoral students. Among other things, there will be doctoral funding in the two following two interdisciplinary collaborations: ‘Normativity – Nature, Narrative and Nihilism’ and ‘Transitional Justice, Peace and Reconciliation.’ We would be interested in supporting Welcome Trust applications for students hoping to work in the area of bioethics. Finally, we are willing to support external funding applications for especially strong proposals. For additional information on funding: http://www.abdn.ac.uk/divinity/pgrad/awards.shtml The University of Aberdeen is a charity registered in Scotland, No SC013683.
Join us for a half day (3 hours) or full day out on the rocks climbing and/or abseiling trip close to Melbourne. Weekend dates published on our Adventure Agenda/Tour Dates or you can inquire about your own special date as we often tailor trips to suit. Buck's Day outings a specialty! Or Try our Combo Trip where you can Abseil & Paddle all in one day! NEW for 2012 - Complete 1, 2 or 4 day training courses in Lead climbing, top rope climbing, abseiling or vertical rescue - Contact us for the flyer for details and dates! Discover the fun and excitement of abseiling and rock climbing on the scenic peaks close to Melbourne. Step over the edge. Enjoy the thrill of sailing down the rock face. Take on the mountain and rock climb your way to the top of the cliffs. Accept all the challenges of this one-day rock climbing & abseiling adventure. With our expertise & knowledge of sites, we match your skills to the rock to give you the best abseiling and top rope climbing experience in this action packed day. Our friendly, professional guides are trained specialists in their field and will provide you with the knowledge, understanding and equipment to ensure your success. For more information on rock climbing click here For dates Rock course dates please click here Discounts available for schools or groups and mention our website for a special discount for individuals. Minimum group size 4 adults on weekend trips. Longer programs for school groups or specialised activity training courses or corporate training are available on request. Please call our office to speak with one of our friendly consultants or email us your specific requirements to
Posted Monday, November 26, 2012 --- 11:27 a.m. Press Release from the City of Madison: It's holiday recycling time. Madison residents have the chance to recycle cooking oil from their Thanksgiving feast and non working Holiday lights and extension cords at the Streets Division's drop off sites. "We know that there are many people who have lots of oil left over after frying their Thanksgiving turkey," Madison recycling coordinator George Dreckmann said. "We are very excited to be able to offer them a chance to turn that old cooking oil into fuel for cars and trucks in our area." Madison residents who wish to recycle their cooking oil must bring it to one of two Streets Division drop off sites. The sites are located at 1501 W. Badger Rd. on the west side and 4602 Sycamore Av. on the east side. Special cooking oil collection tanks are available at both of these locations. "Every year thousands of gallons of old cooking oil is tossed in the landfill or flushed down the drain. Since we began our cooking oil program we have recovered over thousands of cooking oil" Dreckmann said. "Now we can recover this resource and use it to reduce our reliance on foreign oil and cut air pollution." Cooking oil must be brought to the 1501 W. Badger Rd. or 4602 Sycamore Av. It should not be taken to the waste oil sites. "We know that many residents are changing to new energy efficient LED holiday lights and have lots of older light strings they would like to dispose of," Madison recycling coordinator George Dreckmann said. "We are happy to provide them a recycling option for their old lights." Madison will accept any light strings as well as old extension cords as part of the program. Residents who have older lights with large bulbs are asked to remove those bulbs. There is no need to remove bulbs from strings of mini lights. "We will recycle all of the old lights through our electronics recycler Cascade Asset Management of Madison," Dreckmann said. "We will have a specially marked electronic collection container at the sites for the lights." The sites at Badger Rd. and Sycamore Av. will be open this weekend from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m. Beginning Monday the sites will be open winter hours M-F from 7:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m. For more information on the Streets Division's drop off sites visit www.cityofmadison.com/streets. Designed by Gray Digital Media
Company to pay $81,000 in restitution to Vt. customers MONTPELIER - The state Department of Financial Regulation announced Tuesday that The Hartford Financial Services Group will pay more than $81,000 in restitution to Vermont customers whose auto insurance claims were not evaluated properly. An investigation by the department determined that The Hartford had inaccurately calculated the value of total vehicle losses for 77 claims between January 2009 and September 2011. In response, The Hartford has agreed to implement new policies and procedures as well as mandatory training for all employees who handle Vermont claims. Commissioner Steve Kimbell said he was pleased with the corrective actions the company agreed to take. "It is always gratifying when a company acknowledges erroneous practices and strives to make improvements," Kimbell said. The department said it will conduct a follow-up examination in about a year.
View topic - Question About the Particle が However, despite the risk, I have to ask. How can I tell whether the が in a sentence is the "Subject Marker" version, or the "But" version? All I can tell from the two examples given in the Particles page is that the "Subject Marker" version comes after a noun, and that the "But" version always comes after the "Subject Marker" version, and sometimes at the end of the sentence, as a sort of cliffhanger. Can anyone tell me whether my assumptions are correct, or if I need to know something else? Any help would be much appreciated. Thank you for your time, guys. Well, actually I can. - Posts: 5 - Joined: Wed 04.07.2010 11:43 am - Location: Manila, Philippines - Native language: English To directly answer your question, though, the conjunction が will occur after a verb, whereas the subject marker will appear after a noun. (If you can't tell whether you're looking at a verb or a noun, then the meaning of が isn't your primary problem anyhow. ) The conjunction が will also usually have a comma after it (or maybe an ellipsis if nothing comes after it); in speech, there will usually be a pause. So I don't think there are any ambiguous contexts where it might look like it has either meaning. - Posts: 1556 - Joined: Thu 01.10.2008 9:20 pm - Native language: Eggo (ワッフル語の方言) - Gender: Male Who is online Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 6 guests
22 September 2011 Big changes coming to Facebook: Timeline and verbs The Facebook f8 keynote speech by founder Mark Zuckerberg started about 30 minutes ago. Outside of the first 10 minutes of cheesy jokes by Saturday Night Live comedian Andy Samberg, the rest of the talk has seen Zuckerberg painting a picture of a big new overhaul of profiles called ‘Timeline.’ Timeline was described by Zuckerberg as: “All of your stories, all of your apps, a new way to express who you are.” It will also integrate with mobile, to create a more seamless user experience from mobile to web. Timeline will be progressively rolled out over the next few months, and will initially look quite bare. The new Facebook Timeline will be more visual and include a ‘Cover’, which is one big image to visually "express who you are" – which doesn’t replace the profile picture. Users will also be able to be more easily go back into the archive of content and conversations since they joined Facebook. They will receive weekly or yearly Reports, which will give them a summary of events and activities they have done. The Timeline will also enable a user to Highlight an important event, update or piece of content in order to flag it up on their Timeline. Facebook have spent the last year working on the Open Graph protocol, which they believe will make it possible to build a completely new ‘social class’ of apps than ever before. The Open Graph will open up to two additional areas. Currently, its communication, and games and will now open up to media (TV, music, movies, news and books) and lifestyle apps (cooking, eat, emotions, fashion, fitness etc.). One announcement that almost got a round of applause from the audience, was that users can be engaged with an app and never have a pop up again to authorize and ask if they want to share it on their news feed again. With the new integration of Timeline and Apps, it will presume that if you want to use an app that you want to publish it on your Timeline, which is what Zuckerberg is calling a "frictionless experience." Developers will be able to implement the 'add to Timeline' button on through Open Graph straight after f8, which will work immediately across all platforms. The ticker feature also enables you to have a "serendipitous experience" with friends, particularly when it comes to music. The founder demonstrated how with Open Graph and music social network Spotify, you can listen along with friends; you see in the ticker feed that your friend is listening to Up, the new single by James Morrison you can simply hover over the alert and listen along. This will also be the case with launch partner, iHeartRadio. Facebook has also announced the addition of verbs so you will be able to ‘read a book’ or ‘watch a movie.’ There's still a whole day of seminars to go at f8, but I'm off to do some knitting and eat dinner. I'll blog again tomorrow when I've digested the rest of the days events. Facebook overhauls News Feed ahead of f8 conference on September 22nd, 2011 at 02:50 pm Since Google+ launched in July, Facebook has seemingly been rolling out regular changes to its fu...read more» Is love for Facebook waning? on August 24th, 2011 at 11:55 am Is Facebook now deemed to be too big? As a society we tend to get behind someone when they're on...read more» Trackback to this blog post using the URL below
Situated in Harrison, Quality Inn Harrison is in the business district. Quality Inn Harrison has an outdoor pool and a seasonal outdoor pool. Complimentary wireless and wired high-speed Internet access is available in public areas. Event facilities consist of conference/meeting rooms and small meeting rooms. A complimentary breakfast is available. Additional amenities include laundry facilities, dry cleaning/laundry services, and self parking. Onsite parking is complimentary. Amenities in air-conditioned guestrooms at Quality Inn Harrison include coffee/tea makers and complimentary weekday newspapers. Complimentary wireless and wired high-speed Internet access is provided. Televisions are equipped with premium cable channels. All accommodations provide desks and phones; free local calls are offered (restrictions may apply). Bathrooms offer shower/tub combinations, hair dryers, and complimentary toiletries. Additional amenities include irons/ironing boards and clock radios. In addition, housekeeping is offered daily and amenities available on request include in-room massages.
Virginia Rochelle has joined the management team at Gulfshore Homes in Bonita Springs as project administrator, announced Steve Watt, owner of the development and homebuilding company. Rochelle is responsible for day to day activities involving bidding, budgeting, client selections, contract documentation, and identification of resources for every home the company builds to ensure construction activities move according to schedule. Gulfshore Homes has been building custom estate homes in South Florida for more than 20 years. The company is located at 8891 Brighton Lane, Suite 101, Bonita Springs FL 34135. Call (239) 947-2929. Online at gulfshorehomes.com.
Need a good browser CSS editor - where I can save the stylesheet. I just came across Stylebot for Chrome. Its pretty awesome, except I dont think it allows you to save the stylesheet to your local disk after making changes. Can somebody refer me to a CSS editor that allows you to save stylesheets? You can use NotePad++ to save files as .css files. Style sheets should be universal for any browser. I'd stay away from anything slanted toward one browser or another. good thinking! lol I used to have a browser css editor that had the feature to save the stylesheets. I didnt even think to simply just open a notepad or blank document and copy+paste to create my own stylesheets. Users Browsing this Thread There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
February 21, 2013 Client May Discharge Attorney But Contingent Fee Remains Earned The Rhode Island Supreme Court affirmed the grant of summary judgment to an attorney in a suit for fees against a former client. The attorney had represented the client in actions against her late father's estate for a 15% contingency fee. After the claim was reduced to settlement, the attorney collected his fees as payments were recovered. The client later discharged the attorney and claimed no obligation to continue to pay. The court found that the attorney's rights under the contingent fee agreement had fully vested when the underlying claim was settled. Although the client was free to discharge the attorney, such action "does not alter his entitlement to fees already earned." (Mike Frisch) TrackBack URL for this entry: Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Client May Discharge Attorney But Contingent Fee Remains Earned: The Rhode Island Supreme Court appears to have gotten it right in this decision! thanks for keeping us updated. Posted by: David Slepkow | Mar 2, 2013 9:00:00 AM
Ann Kathleen Tolbert died when the 2001 Buick LeSabre she was riding in was struck by a 1986 Toyota 4-Runner at Turner McCall Boulevard and North Broad Street around 7:25 p.m., according to GSP spokesman Gordy Wright. The driver of the Buick, Betty Rowston, 87, and the passengers, Nancy Bryan, 88, Clare Harvey, 77, and Charlene Covington, 81, all of Rome, were taken to Floyd Medical Center for treatment. Rowston, Bryan and Harvey were treated and released while Covington remained in stable condition Monday, according to Floyd Medical Center spokesman Daniel Bevels. The driver of the 4-Runner, Dalton Cole Warren Grant, 18, of Rome, was not injured. Sgt. Scott Thompson with the Georgia State Patrol said no eyewitnesses have come forward to say they saw the wreck. “There are conflicting stories as to what happened,” Thompson said. “We are looking for eyewitnesses to come forward so we can conclude our investigation and give the families some closure.” The GSP’s Specialized Collision Reconstruction Team is investigating the wreck, Thompson said. It will likely be several days before the investigation is completed, he said. Anyone with information is asked to call the Georgia State Patrol at 706-295-6004.
for the Preservation of Samples & Cores Committee for the Preservation of Samples & Cores Meeting Minutes (click on date to see the minutes): Committee on Core and Sample Preservation Meeting June 4, 2001, Denver, Colorado The committee met from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m., Monday, June 4, 2001 in the Gold Coin Room, Marriott City Center Hotel, Denver, Colorado. Highlights of the reports and discussion: - Chris Maples, Chairman of the National Research Council study on Geoscience Data and Collections described the study activities and schedule that will lead to a final report in March 2002. The NRC committee meeting in Denver June 7 ? 9, is scheduled to include tours of the US Geological Survey Core Research Center, the National Ice Core Laboratory, Denver Earth Resources Library and the Boulder National Geophysical Data Center. - Chris Keane and Marcus Milling, American Geological Institute, provided an update of their work on the National Geoscience Data Repository System: data is being incorporated into Geotrek at an accelerating rate; funding for Geotrek is unsure when the current Federal grant expires at the end of 2001; AGI is hoping that the March 2002 NRC study will identify multiple government agencies that could provide future funding; the site receives about 500 ? 600 unique users per month. Comments from the committee regarding Geotrek: the AGI needs to do more to publicize its accomplishments; this committee should work with AGI to update the directory of repositories; the Geotrek user interface is too slow and requires the user to know the type of data needed rather than providing all data for a location; greater interaction between AGI and the state repositories and regulatory agencies is encouraged. The committee encourages AGI to increase communication with public/state repositories, perhaps through a periodic newsletter. This could contribute to increased the amounts of data being provided to AGI. Communication of lessons learned and best practices would also help states that are starting to automate their data. - Tim Carr described the Kansas Geological Survey online system for data management and distribution. Committee members were impressed with the large variety of visual and tabular data in the system and the ease of use. We asked Tim to provide supplementary information on system costs and its links to Geotrek. It was also suggested that the Kansas example might be incorporated in a ?best practices? article for the AAPG Explorer. - The committee proposed these future actions: work with AGI to update the Catalogue of Data Repositories; Explorer articles on ?best practices? for core preservation, the NRC study, and/or use of core in research; develop presentation material on the benefits of public/state repositories. - A conference call will be scheduled this summer to discuss implementation of next year?s activities Edie Allison, Marvin Carlson, Doug Patchen, Bob Hulse, Marcus Milling, Christopher Keane, Chris Maples, Dan Halgerson, Bill Ellington, Tony Kolodzoij, Sherilyn Williams-Stroud, Chuck Noll, Don Lewis, Larry Knauer, Julie LeFever, Bill Gwilliam, and Tim Carr.
E3 2009: Tekken 6 Recruits Gamers for Bloodline Rebellion with Teaser Trailer Namco Bandai has unleashed a teaser trailer for it’s latest edition to the classic arcade franchise, Tekken 6: Bloodline Rebellion. This will be Tekken’s first foray onto the PS3. So far two new characters, Zafina and Bob, have been confirmed of the six new personalities joining the roster of your favorites. Zafina is a very spiritual character intent on the fall of “two evil stars” while Bob is an American martial artist genius. The E3 2009 video shows off, the new blur motion options. It also gives gamers a glimpse of the new character customization options. Watch the Tekken 6 E3 Trailer after the jump. Tekken 6 is due out this fall for the PS3, Xbox 360, PSP and the Arcade.
USGS hyrdologists take measurements of the river's "flow rate." ST. LOUIS (KSDK) - The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers continues to project that the commercial navigation channel on the Mississippi River will remain open between St. Louis, Mo. and Cairo, Ill. The removal of rock obstructions and recent water releases from the Corps' Carlyle Lake in Illinois have improved the forecast for the Mid-Mississippi River. Current work on the river will address areas that will have the most immediate impact on the navigation channel, with additional rock removal planned for later this year. "We believe we will deepen the channel ahead of the worst-case river stage scenario, and I remain confident that navigation will continue," said Maj. Gen. John Peabody, Mississippi Valley Division Commander. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is in constant communication with the U.S. Coast Guard and the river industry regarding water levels throughout the Mississippi River Basin.
Some of us can recall the helpless feeling of being in a vehicle driven by someone who is intoxicated. If you're like me, you don't want to cause a scene unless the driving is really erratic. But there comes a moment when you need to say: Stop the car. You're going to hurt someone. Hand over the keys. We have a political system that is the equivalent of a drunk driver. The primary culprits are the House Republicans. They are so intoxicated with their own ideology that they are ready to drive the nation's car off the road. I don't know if the sequestration that began Friday will produce a little crisis or a big one; the sad fact is that the Republicans don't know either, yet they're still willing to put the country at risk to make a political point. I'm no fan of the way President Obama has handled the fiscal crisis. As I've written often, he needs to provide the presidential leadership that leads Congress and the country toward fiscal stability. In my analogy, he should take the steering wheel firmly in hand and drive the car toward the destination where most road maps show we need to be heading — namely, a balanced program of cuts in Social Security and Medicare and modest increases in revenue. Instead, Obama has chosen to be co-dependent, as the psychologists say about those who foster the destructive behavior of others. He double-dared the reckless Republicans by proposing the sequester back in 2011. And rather than stepping up to leadership since his re-election, he has triple-dared the GOP hotheads with a partisan inaugural address and weeks of what the Republicans rightly have called a "road show" of blame-game politics. Doesn't he see that the GOP is addicted to this showdown at Thunder Road? This is all the power the GOP has these days, really — the ability to scare the heck out of everybody and run the car into the ditch. Much as I would criticize Obama, it's wrong to say that both sides are equally to blame for what's about to hit us. This isn't a one-off case of the Republicans using Obama's sequestration legislation to force reckless budget cuts. It's a pattern of behavior: First the Republicans were prepared to shut down the government and damage the national credit rating with their showdown over the debt ceiling; then they were careening toward the "fiscal cliff." This isn't a legislative tactic anymore, it's an addiction. Where did this recklessness come from? Only a few years ago, George W. Bush was the compassionate conservative and John McCain won the GOP nomination as the Republican who knew how to govern across party lines. What happened to that Republican Party? Today's Republicans seem to suffer from what's sometimes known as Obama Derangement Syndrome, in which their hatred of the president blinds them to the country's interests. To be honest, this malady is eerily similar to the Bush Derangement Syndrome that afflicted Democrats during the previous decade. The Democrats were so incensed back then they stopped caring if America succeeded or failed in Iraq; the Republicans are so angry now that they don't care if the economy goes to hell. So how can we get these incapacitated drivers to stop before they do any more damage? If this were really a case of chronic drinkers, the answer would be an intervention to keep them off the road. In politics, the public gets to intervene through elections. We just had one, and the Republicans lost, big time. Yet it didn't seem to make much difference. The House Republicans are still grabbing for the wheel and the car is rumbling toward trouble. Obama tries everything to gain control — except a clear, firm presidential statement that speaks to everyone onboard, those who voted for him and those who didn't — that could get the country where it needs to go. The weird thing is that, politics aside, there is every reason to be optimistic about America's future. The country's financial markets are resilient; the housing slump finally seems to be ending; a new era of low-cost shale oil and gas is beginning and, as a result, the U.S. is becoming a competitive manufacturing economy again. There's one ruinously dysfunctional part of the American story, and that's the breakdown of our political system. It's time for an intervention, to take the keys away.
Proposal Writer - Business Development Nexant THIS JOB HAS EXPIRED Nexant is a provider of intelligent grid software and clean energy solutions-pioneering, developing, and advancing electric power grid and alternative energy technologies and services. Our exclusive focus on energy, combined with our well-respected and experienced professionals, proven technology, and proprietary industry information, has earned us distinctive brand recognition and a reputation as a top energy solutions company. Nexant is an independent company formed on January 1, 2000 by a core group of energy consulting and advanced energy technology units of Bechtel Group, Inc. Since that date, we have added expertise through the strategic acquisition of eight energy technology companies and organically hiring only the best in our field. Our seasoned professionals have completed over 2,900 assignments in more than 100 countries. We have headquarters in San Francisco and Foster City, CA, with 30+ corporate, representative, and project offices in the U.S., Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and Africa. We have been profitable since day one with significant growth rates. Our detailed understanding of the physical behavior and constraints of the power system is embedded in our grid and market operations software. We offer an integrated line of software solutions that addresses all facets of energy markets, from centralized wholesale markets to independent energy retailers and aggregators. Growing trends such as dynamic pricing and demand side management are emphasized. Our domain dominance within the energy value chain and integrated expertise in the market with proprietary technologies makes us a clear leader in our space. We also provide advisory services for developing and commercializing advanced clean energy technologies as well as supplying technical, operational, and strategic consulting to oil, gas, and chemical majors, energy resource companies, technology owners, governments, and investors. In addition, Nexant is a national leader in the innovative design, implementation, and evaluation of many of the largest commercial, industrial, and residential energy efficiency incentive and demand side management programs in the United States. Our current investors include TeleSoft Partners, Oak Investment Partners, The Beacon Group, Intel Capital, Nth Power, Morgan Stanley Global Energy Group, Frog and Peach, and Symphony Technology Group, as well as Nexant management and staff. We recently secured another round of funding of $50 million that will help us achieve the rapid growth potential of our company. Are you interested in having a real impact and helping to change the world? Then join us! About the Job The Business Development Writer is responsible for writing, editing and preparing materials (e.g., online forms/questionnaires, client questions, resumes) in response to RFPs and RFQs. The Writer is also responsible for overall coordination and management of submittals for their assigned RFPs. Some editing and formatting of reports, presentations, and other materials is required. The primary focus is to consult with internal subject matter experts in understanding, developing, and clarifying proposal messaging and scope; this is achieved through an iterative writing and formatting process. The successful candidate will work with a variety of people to manage proposal (or other development project) content and lifecycle, while continually tailoring messages for specific audiences and ensuring alignment between response and RFP requirements. The core responsibility for this position is proposal writing and development. Opportunities to contribute to presentations and other technical writing will evolve as team experience grows. Duties and Responsibilities Manage proposal and project development from concept to completion, including coordinating and collecting information from in-house subject matter experts. Interview staff to develop customized proposal content; create schedule for integrating staff contributions. Write, edit and format proposals, qualifications, resumes, project descriptions, and other written deliverables. Review and comprehend RFP and its reference point for tailoring a unique proposal response. Produce and edit documents using Word, including copy editing, rewriting, revising, and formatting. Review materials after production to ensure quality and accuracy. Efficiently provide accurate responses to requests for information (RFIs) and Requests for Proposals (RFPs) from prospects. From a wide variety of disciplines or sources, interpret technical material, without changing meaning, to produce written communication pieces for a general audience. Coordinate scheduling and production of deliverables by working with project managers, engineers, marketing, and administrative staff. Ensure documents comply with required standards (such as page limit), use paragraph headings and numbering, reference illustrative and tabular matter, and apply bibliographic styles. Ensure consistency in the application of technical abbreviations and acronyms, figure/ table callouts and captions, and boilerplate materials. Contribute to the management of a systematic methodology for collecting, compiling, and creating proposal materials. Four-year degree in Business Administration, English/Journalism, Communications or related field 3+ years of experience developing, writing, producing and managing materials in response to RFPs Background in writing and communications for technical, service-oriented companies Knowledge of energy engineering and efficiency programs a plus The qualified candidate will also demonstrate the following: Superior time management and organizational capabilities, including the ability to accurately benchmark project length and manage a high-volume workload Outstanding written and verbal communication skills; can communicate effectively with all levels of the company and external business partners The ability to work under pressure, manage workload, and meet concrete deadlines Persistence in problem solving, self-motivation, and an ability to understand complex material and explain it clearly Solid reading comprehension with ability to decipher technical descriptions into accessible language Superior attention to detail Expert level knowledge of Microsoft Office 2007 programs, specifically Microsoft Word We provide competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package, a 401k retirement plan and three weeks of paid vacation per year. Salary and Benefits (U.S.) Nexant offers competitive salaries based on candidate's qualifications. Nexant also offers three weeks paid vacation per year, eleven paid holidays per year, a 401(k) plan with employee matching funds and an overall comprehensive benefits package. Nexant, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and encourages workforce diversity. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates. ||Chicago, IL | THIS JOB HAS EXPIRED
Lake Orion, Mich. – Part of defending champion Olin Browne’s preparation for the 2012 U.S. Senior Open will be competing in the U.S. Open at The Olympic Club. In addition to negotiating Olympic’s ubiquitous slopes and confounding doglegs, Browne hopes to be distracted by following the progress of his son, Olin Jr. “O” – as Browne calls his son – is attempting to join his father at a U.S. Open sectional qualifier in Columbus, Ohio, on June 4. Several days before the qualifier, dad still didn’t know whether he would go watch. “It’s a difficult position to be in,” said the elder Browne at Senior Open Media Day on May 30. “I don’t want to show up and put that kind of heat on him. On the one hand, it’s nice to support for your kid. Whether I’m there or not, he knows that, I love him and support him and I’m pulling for him to do the very best he can.” If the younger Olin qualifies, the Brownes will be the first father-son duo to play together in the U.S. Open since Jay and Bill Haas achieved the rare feat in 2003 and 2004. “It would be unbelievable,” said Browne Sr. “He’s thinking about it; he knows I’m thinking about it. He’s got probably a one in 10 chance of making it. So it’s up to him to prepare himself properly. It’s part of the learning process.” If there is anyone who could impart good advice about sectional qualifying, it would be the elder Browne, who shot 59 at Woodmont Country Club in Rockville, Md., to advance to the 2005 U.S. Open at Pinehurst No. 2 in North Carolina. Qualifying presents one set of challenges; the championship itself offers others. Despite having the type of controlled game that would seem like a perfect fit for the U.S. Open, Browne’s performance in the championship – one top-10 finish in 11 starts – was less successful. He has fared much better since turning 50, and has yet to finish out of the top 10 in three U.S. Senior Opens, capped by last year’s victory. This delayed success is fitting for the late bloomer, who didn’t pick up the game until he was 19. Browne didn’t play his first U.S. Open until he was 35, but has felt comfortable on golf’s biggest stage. “Overall, the USGA setup is fairly consistent, in which every facet of the game is a component of good play” said Browne. “You have to drive the ball well, strike irons consistently, control ball flight, play smart and manage your game well. It’s more of a marathon.” After getting a glimpse of Indianwood Golf & Country Club, the site of the 2012 U.S. Senior Open, Browne came away with a similar sense of comfort that he possessed last year at Inverness Club in Toledo, Ohio. “The course is sensational,” said Browne. “I love these kinds of greens that are open in the front.” Last year, Browne withheld a charge from Mark O’Meara by playing the final 10 holes in one under. It was the culmination of a journey that began when he was just starting to learn the game at the driving range accompanied by his girlfriend – now wife – and they would daydream about winning the national championship. “We’d talk about the U.S. Open,” Browne recalled. “We didn’t talk about the PGA or the Masters or the [British] Open Championship. It was always the last hole of the U.S. Open. That was my reference point.” Now that dream has become reality, Browne is relishing his status and basking in the benefits his victory has borne, such as the rare opportunity to potentially share an indelible U.S. Open memory with his son. “Here we are, 11 months later, and [the U.S. Senior Open win] still has legs,” said Browne. “It’s a source of great pride and it’s a privilege to be seen as a USGA champion.” Hunki Yun is a USGA senior staff writer. E-mail him at email@example.com.
Experience Designer, Entrepreneur, Author, Musician, Third Country Kid 11 years of experience in Art and Design. Bachelor of Computer Science, University of Wollongong, Australia. Master of Information Systems Studies, The Australian National University. Languages spoken are English, French and Indonesian. Born in Jakarta. Raised in Atlanta and Montreal. Tools of the trade are Cort, Muji Notebooks, BlackBerry, MacBook Pro 15", OmniGraffle and Adobe CS5. The love of my life are my family and friends. Currently, making dreams come true in Jakarta. #booya. Various illustrations for personal projects, commission, and art shows. 8 hours ago on Behance Network Portfolio Generative Gestaltung Entwerfen, Programmieren, Visualisieren http://www.generative-gestaltung.de 11 hours ago on Behance Network Portfolio The Candela Project by BAM Photography 14 hours ago on Behance Network Portfolio
[amsat-bb] Re: Dish surface 'flatness' antonio at qualcomm.com Fri Jul 25 21:35:16 PDT 2008 At 03:00 PM 7/25/2008, Peter Ellis wrote: >Now, I need to re-mesh the dish, but I need to decide what 'flatness' >('true-ness') the surface should be. There has to be a formula, that >encompasses things like: frequency of operation, curvature or focus Focal length, f/d, etc are irrelevant. The thing that is relevant is wavelength of your signal. You want the variations in the dish's surface to be small relative to a wavelength. 1/4 wavelength is ok. 1/8th wavelength is better. Better than that matters not much. Its not to hard to get an intuitive feel for what is going on. Suppose you have a dish that is a perfect paraboloid, except for one little dent that's a little farther from the focus. Suppose the dent is 1/2 wavelength farther from the focus than the rest of the dish. The signal that reflects off of that dent will be 1/2 wavelength late, in other words 180 degrees out of phase with the rest of the signal, and will therefore SUBTRACT from the rest of the signal. That isn't good. That's a clue that 1/2 wavelength is too much variation. You can go thru the same sort of thinking with a 1/4 wavelength dent and see that the effect is much smaller, etc. More information about the AMSAT-BB
You have to admit, trends are unavoidable. Some are so stealthy, maybe even ubiquitous, that it’s hard to tell if something is considered “classic” or if it’s actually trendy. Sometimes one piece is a classic over the long term, but comes in and out of popularity throughout the years, taking it from something standard to something really trendy and eventually back again. One of the more recent examples I can think of is the Sperry Top-Sider… a shoe which has resurged in popularity over the past several years, but was actually invented back in the 30s for the sole (pun intended, kinda) purpose of making it safe to run around on a boat deck. According to some, Top-Siders first gained popularity as an everyday “fashionable” shoe choice in the 80s. Soo… trendy or classic? Depends on who you ask, I guess. I say classic, considering its history… but if you ask a 14-year-old who first learns of boat shoes at Urban Outfitters, he might consider it trendy. Could it be both? Anyway, all of this just to say that it doesn’t really matter. Some things are trendy, some are classic, some are classic that become trendy and go back to being regular ol’ classics again. Wear what you like One thing I always tell people who are still figuring out their personal style: Wear what you like. Who cares what other people think, seriously. We’re not in 6th grade anymore. You should wear what you love and what makes you feel good. At the same time, it’s smart to learn what actually makes you look awesome and shows that you’re an adult with good taste. You may love and feel good wearing garbage bags, but that’s not exactly striking the balance between feeling good / comfortable, and being perceived as a grown ass man with, you know, taste… and a job. Before I go too far off on a tangent … here are three ways you can embrace trends (and incorporate them daily) without completely victimizing yourself. 1.) One trendy thing at a time Any more than that and you approach #menswear peacock status. Let me be more specific. If it’s a significant piece of your wardrobe (i.e. Go-to-Hell pants), then tone it down on all the other trendy items on your bod that day. If they’re more subtle, you can probably get away with two or three. So if we’re referring to this photo from GQ, wrist decor like a watch, bracelets, etc, bold socks, and a pocket square are all technically okay to wear at once. It’s when you include all 18 things on this list that you start to peacock the F out, and things just get weird. 2.) Mix your trends with classic styles So the overall idea here is to be classic and understated, but with a few pops of “F you” and “Go To Hell” here and there. The #menswear peacock in the image above is classic to a certain extent (traditional silhouettes with a modern slant, overall good taste) but then he takes it to a whole different level with the way he’s executing it: Loud colors, over-accessorizing, and including every imaginable up-to-the-moment trend. Again, it’s cool rocking a few of these things (max) at a time, just keep it understated overall. Think about when you buy a really awesome garment, and you discover a hidden detail the designer included that no one knows about but you. You want to treat your accessories and trends that way. Do it, but don’t be obnoxious about it. A peek of color here, a crazy brogue paired with a quiet outfit. You get what I’m saying? 3.) Do the complete opposite Are fedoras and trilbies the “in” headgear at the moment? Rock your dad’s old baseball cap. I just whipped out this old Polo Sport cap from my closet back home—much to K’s dismay—and I’m rockin it all the time as if it’s 1996 again. Everyone has 10+ bracelets on their wrists? Wear your best watch, and that’s it. Go the opposite direction of wherever the trend is headed. Oftentimes trends balloon to excessive proportions before they’re dialed back down again, so forge your own path and do whatever everyone else ISN’T doing. Just to clarify, I’m not saying put on your old JNCO wide leg jeans and cheap leather square-toed shoes… that’s a path no one should ever go back down. You can and should adopt certain trends as long as you do it in moderation. So let me open up the floor to you guys: what other ways can you embrace trends without looking like a complete #menswear peacock / fashion victim? If you have suggestions / ideas / questions, let’s hear em below in the comments. ps — tomorrow’s the last day to pick up The Effortless Guide to Graduating Your Style (GYS) with the BONUS bonus, Does This Go With That? A Short Primer on Matching Color. Don’t miss out! Read more about it and pick up your copy before it’s too late.
Lord British was killed during an in-game appearance on Ultima Online’s beta test on August 8, 1997. A royal visit was conducted as a part of server population stress test. A player character known as Rainz cast a spell called “fire field” on Lord British that, surprisingly, killed him. According to Starr Long, the whole thing was just a human error: Lord British’s character, like others, had been made invulnerable, but by design the invulnerability did not persist over several game sessions. Shortly before the incident, the server had crashed, and Richard Garriott had forgotten to set his invulnerability flag on when logging on again. Shortly afterwards, Rainz’s account was banned from the beta test for previously exploiting bugs rather than reporting them (infamously used by his character Aquaman to kill many player characters, a purported griefing incident). According to Origin, he was not banned for the assassination but rather for previous complaints against his account that were brought to light as a result of this attention. The massive amount of lag, caused by the stress test, was a factor in Lord British’s death, as well as the guards being deactivated in the area, which allowed Rainz to steal, avoiding immediate death. 99% of the players were at Lord British’s castle. Only the few at Lord Blackthorn’s castle were the lucky witnesses to this historic event. Those known to have been present besides Lords British and Blackthorn were their jesters Chuckles and Heckles and the following players; Rainz, Dr.Pepper, Mental, DemonSoth, Haaaaaach, Helios, Phobos, Gildoreal, Wind Lord and Kylan. 3) The Epic Heist – EVE Online – November 2005″ This was published in September’s 2005 issue of PC Gamer UK. It is a detailed account of what has to be one of most beautifully executed in-game scams in a MMORPG ever pulled. It breaks all previous world records for ‘virtual crime’. The game in question is Eve Online, where corporate espionage and political intrigue have become an integral part of the game. The perpetrator of the heist was the Guiding Hand Social Club (GHSC) corporation (a corporation being similar to a clan in Eve); a freelance mercenary outfit that offers their services (which usually involves corp infiltration, theft and assassination) to the highest bidder. Over a year in planning, the GHSC infilitrated their target’s corp with their own members and gained their trust, as well as access to the corp hangers, with time. It all concluded in a perfectly timed climax, with a massive theft in multiple corp hangars synchronized with the in-game killing of the corporation’s CEO, the primary target of the contract. What’s most interesting and impressive about this operation is that it was entirely ‘legal’ and within the game’s own rules, and the mastermind and his agents pulled it off together flawlessly, all the while staying in character. The estimated real-life value of the items stolen is, according to PC Gamer, $16,500 US. The in-game value of course is much, much higher as the things stolen would take years and years to aquire. 4) Plague Outbreak – World of Warcraft – September 2005 The Corrupted Blood plague incident was one of the first events to affect entire World of Warcraft servers. Patch 1.7 saw the opening of Zul’Gurub, the game’s first 20-player raid dungeon where players faced off against an ancient tribe of jungle trolls under the sway of the ancient Blood God, Hakkar the Soulflayer. Upon engaging Hakkar, players were stricken by a debuff (a spell that negatively affects a player) called “Corrupted Blood” which would periodically sap their life. The disease would also be passed on to other players who were simply standing in close proximity to an infected person. Originally this malady was confined within the Zul’Gurub instance but made its way into the outside world by way of hunter or warlock pets that contracted the disease. Within hours Corrupted Blood had infected entire cities such as Ironforge and Orgrimmar because of their high player concentrations. Low-level players were killed in seconds by the high-damage disease. Eventually Blizzard fixed the issue so that the plague could not exist outside of Zul’Gurub. 5) Death of the Sleeper – EverQuest – November 15-17, 2003 The guild Blood of the Spider on The Rathe server was the first guild system-wide to kill Ventani (the fourth warder) on July 28, 2001, and therefore wake the sleeper. The event caused a stir on the server when Kerafyrm went into multiple zones, including Skyshrine, killing everyone and everything in his path. On November 15, 2003, on the Rallos Zek PvP server, the three top guilds (Ascending Dawn, Wudan, and Magus Imperialis Magicus) assembled over 180 players with the intent to wake and kill The Sleeper. This was in response to an attempt to wake The Sleeper by an Iksar monk named Stynkfyst, who partnered with the largest random-pk guild of the time. Having been a former member of uber-guild Ascending Dawn, he had the knowledge the random pk guild needed to wake The Sleeper. The top guilds did not assemble their forces until word of Stynkfyst’s intentions had spread, and it became clear that he intended to wake The Sleeper, forever preventing future guilds from farming the old loot table. Until this point, waking The Sleeper had not been seriously considered by any guilds, as it was believed that waking The Sleeper would make the offending guild’s players kill-on-sight to the other guilds of the server. After 3 hours and 15 minutes, at 26% health, Kerafyrm disappeared (despawned). The players talked with the EverQuest Game Masters, and there was a general consensus that a bug had caused the problem, although some suggested (backed by statements from one GM) that higher-ups at SOE had purposely despawned Kerafyrm, because it was not intended to be part of the story. The following day, the players logged in to find that Kerafyrm was back in his “sleeping” state, ready to be triggered again. There was also an apology on the official EverQuest forums from SOE, explaining that they had stopped the encounter because they feared the players were engaging the boss in an unintended manner. Although annoyed (the players pointed out that the reasons SOE gave could not have occurred, and felt lied to), they attempted to battle Kerafyrm once again. On November 17, 2003, after a nearly 3-hour battle, Kerafyrm was defeated. He had between 100 million and 400 million hit points, likely around 250 million (most EverQuest bosses have 2 million at most), was immune to all spells except wizard’s manaburn spell and Shadow Knight’s Harm Touch, possessed two death touch abilities (abilities that automatically killed players), and attacked players for 6999 damage per swing. By using the cleric’s epic weapon and other resurrection spells, the players were able to bring their dead characters back into the battle faster than Kerafyrm could kill them all.
- Sunday: 1 Samuel 24:1-25:44, John 10:22-42, Psalm 116:1-19, Proverbs 15:20-21 - Monday: 1 Samuel 26:1-28:25, John 11:1-54, Psalm 117:1-2, Proverbs 15:22-23 - Tuesday: 1 Samuel 29:1-31:13, John 11:55-12:19, Psalm 118:1-18, Proverbs 15:24-26 - Wednesday: 2 Samuel 1:1-2:11, John 12:20-50, Psalm 118:19-29, Proverbs 15:27-28 - Thursday: 2 Samuel 2:12-3:39, John 13:1-30, Psalm 119:1-16, Proverbs 15:29-30 - Friday: 2 Samuel 4:1-6:23, John 13:31-14:14, Psalm 119:17-32, Proverbs 15:31-32 - Saturday: 2 Samuel 7:1-8:18, John 14:15-31, Psalm 119:33-48, Proverbs 15:33 Scripture: 1 Samuel 25:40-41 40 When the messengers arrived at Carmel, they told Abigail, "David has sent us to ask if you will marry him." 41 She bowed low to the ground and responded, "Yes, I am even willing to become a slave to David's servants!" John 10:26-27 "26 But you don't believe me because you are not part of my flock. 27 My sheep recognize my voice; I know them, and they follow me."Observation: Nabal was a fool with a beautiful and smart wife (I know what you're thinking here... that could be me at times ;). Even though David has protected him and his servants and flocks, he insults David and his men. David is ready to take vengeance in his own hands, if it wasn't for the sensible Abigail. Today's verse in Proverbs 15:21 says: "Foolishness brings joy to those who have no sense; a sensible person stays on the right path."This verse very much applied to Nabal and Abigail! What struck me in this passage is the fact that Abigail is ready to leave all her wealth behind and become the wife of a chased-after ragtag band leader. How can that be? Well, Abigail recognizes that David is God's chosen shepherd. She recognizes that he will lead the LORD's people and become the chief-shepherd of His flock. As Jesus says in John 10: "My sheep recognize my voice", so Abigail recognizes God's voice through David and wants to follow him. I want to become sensible like Abigail, to recognize the voice of the Shepherd in the midst of a dire situation. I want to be forward looking to the time when he will come back to earth a second time, to judge the Nabals of this world, and to gather his flock to take part in the wedding feast. Dear Heavenly Father, give me 'sense' like Abigail had, and help me to avoid the foolishness and selfishness that Nabal displayed. I want to hear your voice and follow you alone. In Jesus Name, the chief Shepherd. Amen. Today Pentecost is celebrated across the world, the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. I pray that you may be filled with a holy fire that truly transforms your life. Have a great week.
- PhD Student - (+61 8) 9480 3614 - (+61 8) 9480 3641 - Habitat selection - Landscape ecology - Pollination ecology - Pollination restoration - Conservation genetics 2000-2003 Bachelor of Science (BSc.) Marine Science Program, (Majors: Zoology and Marine Biology), University of Western Australia. 2006-2008 Master of Science in Ecology and Evolution, (MSc. Ecology and Evolution), University of Bern, Switzerland. Thesis title: ‘Ecological requirements of the threatened Ortolan bunting Emberiza hortulana in temperate Europe (Swiss Alps) and in the Mediterranean (Catalonia)’. Supervisor: Prof. Raphaël Arlettaz. Title: Landscape ecology and conservation genetics of a rare, sexually deceptive orchid and its obligate pollinator University: School of Plant Biology, University of Western Australia Supervisors: Prof. Kingsley Dixon, Prof. Rod Peakall (ANU), and Prof. Raphael Didham (UWA) Project description: Conservation of complex ecosystems and threatened species requires a detailed understanding of their ecology. Since it is often difficult in highly endemic floras with large numbers of threatened species, such as the Southwest Australian Floristic Region (SWAFR), to research conservation of all threatened species, one approach is to concentrate effort on a model species. Here, we use Drakaea elastica, a nationally threatened, sexually deceptive orchid endemic to the Swan Coastal Plain, Western Australia. The aim of this project is to determine the multi-scale habitat requirements of D. elastica, along with that of its obligate thynnid wasp pollinator, Zaspilothynnus gilesi. This will be complimented by an investigation of population genetics of D. elastica. In addition, a mark-recapture study on Z. gilesi will yield information on movements and vital rates of the wasp, which in turn can affect gene-flow of D. elastica. This research will allow the compilation of a habitat suitability model to guide conservation, such as the designation of protected areas. 8. Menz MHM & Arlettaz R (2012) The precipitous decline of the ortolan bunting: time to build on scientific evidence to inform conservation management. Oryx 46:122-129. 7. Menz MHM, Phillips RD, Winfree R, Kremen C, Aizen MA, Johnson SD & Dixon KW (2011) Reconnecting plants and pollinators: challenges in the restoration of pollination mutualisms. Trends in Plant Science 16, 4-12. 6. Menz MHM, Brotons L & Arlettaz R (2009) Habitat selection by Ortolan Buntings Emberiza hortulana in post-fire succession in Catalonia: implications for the conservation of farmland populations. Ibis 151, 752-761. 5. Menz MHM, Mosimann-Kampe P & Arlettaz R (2009) Foraging habitat selection in the last Ortolan Bunting Emberiza hortulana population in Switzerland: final lessons before extinction. Ardea 97, 323-333. 4. Menz MHM (2009) New records of Hypolimnas bolina nerina (Fabricius) (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) from the Pilbara region, Western Australia. Australian Entomologist 36, 49-50. 3. Reichlin TS, Schaub M, Menz MHM, Mermod M, Portner P, Arlettaz R & Jenni L (2009) Migration patterns of Hoopoe (Upupa epops) and Wryneck (Jynx torquilla): an analysis of European ring recoveries. Journal of Ornithology 150, 393-400. 2. Menz MHM & Barnett BC (2007) Lechenaultia divaricata (Goodeniaceae) from the Great Victoria Desert, a new species record for Western Australia. Western Australian Naturalist 25, 255-257. 1. Menz MHM & Cullen PP (2006) Occurrence of the Barking Gecko Underwoodisaurus milii (Bory 1825) (Gekkonidae) in the Pilbara Region, Western Australia. Journal of the Royal Society of Western Australia 89, 89-90. 1. Menz M (2011) The importance of pollinators in ecological restoration: its about the birds and the bees. For People and Plants 75:24-25.
Kisatchie National Forest Cane Camp Provencal, Louisiana 71468 View on Map From the intersection of I-49 and Highway 6 (Natchitoches), drive west on Hwy 6 for 4 miles. Turn left (south) on Louisiana Hwy 117 and proceed 16 miles to Forest Highway 59, Longleaf Trail Scenic Byway. Turn left (east) on FH 59 and go 4.1 miles to the camp, a signed location on the left (north) 1 RV Site, 1 Tent Site, 1 Horse Site, 1 Group Site, 1 No Hookup Facilities & Services No designated sites - large grassy area. Horse camping, RV camping and tent camping allowed. No hookups. 2 picnic tables and 2 fire rings are available. Firepit / Fire Ring 2012 Rates are per site Daily Rates: $3.00 Facilities and Services There are currently no Reviews © 2007-2013 Camping Road Trip, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
What is services marketing? A service is the action of doing something for someone or something. It is largely intangible (i.e. not material). You cannot touch it. You cannot see it. You cannot taste it. You cannot hear it. You cannot feel it. So a service context creates its own series of challenges for the marketing manager since he or she must communicate the benefits of a service by drawing parallels with imagery and ideas that are more tangible. A product is tangible (i.e. material) since you can touch it or own it. A service tends to be an experience that is consumed at the point where it is purchased and cannot be owned since it quickly perishes. A person could go to a café one day and enjoy excellent service, and then return the next day and have a poor experience. Marketers talk about the nature of a service as being inseparable, intangible, perishable, homogenous and variable. Inseparable - from the point where it is consumed, and from the provider of the service. For example, you cannot take a live theatre performance home to consume it (a DVD of the same performance would be a product, not a service). The consumer is actually involved in the production process that they are buying at the same time as it is being produced, for example an eye test or a makeover. One benefit would be that if you are unhappy with you makeover you can tell the beautician and that instant feedback means that the service quality is improved. You can't do that with a product. Another attribute is that services have to be close to the person consuming them i.e. goods can be made in a central factory location which has the benefits of mass production. This localization means that consumption is inseparable from production. Intangible - cannot have a real, physical presence as does a product. For example, motor insurance may have a certificate, but the financial service itself cannot be touched i.e. it is intangible. This makes it tricky to evaluate the quality of service prior to consuming it since there are fewer attributes of quality in comparison to a product. One way is to consider quality in terms of search, experience and credence. Search quality is the perception in the mind of the consumer of the quality of the product prior to purchase through making a series of searches. So this is simple in relation to a tangible product because you might look at size or colour for example. Therefore search quality relates more to products and services. Experience quality is easier to assess. In terms of service you need to taste the food or experience the service level. Therefore your experiences allow you to evaluate the level and nature of the service. You remember a great vacation because of the food or service, but by the same token you remember an awful vacation because of the hopeless food or poor service. Credence quality is based upon the credibility of the service that you undertake. This is down to the reputation of a dentist or of a decorator. Credence is used where you have little knowledge of the topic and where you rely upon the professionalism of the expert. Perishable - in that once it has occurred it cannot be repeated in exactly the same way. For example, once a 100 meters Olympic final has been run, there will not be another for 4 more years, and even then it will be staged in a different place with many different finalists. You cannot put service in the warehouse, or store in your inventory. An interesting argument about perishability goes like this, once a flight has taken off you cannot sell that seat again, hence the airline makes no profit on that seat. Therefore the airline has no choice but to price at peak when it sells a seat at busy times in order to make a profit. That's why restaurants offer vouchers to compensate for quieter times, and it is the same for railway tickets and matinees in Broadway during the middle of the week. Variability- since the human involvement in service provision means that no two services will be completely identical, they are variable. For example, returning to the same garage time and time again for a service on your car might see different levels of customer satisfaction, or speediness of work. If you watch your favourite/favorite music group on DVD the experience will be the same every time you play it, although if you go to see them on tour when they are live no two performances will be identical for a whole variety of reasons. Even with the greatly standardized McDonalds experience, there are slight changes in service, often through no fault of the business itself. Sometimes Saturday lunchtime will be extremely busy, on other days you may have to wait to go via the drive through. So services tend to vary from one user experience to another. Homogeneity is where services are largely the same (the opposite of variability above). We considered McDonald's above which is a largely homogeneous service, so now let's look at KFC and Pizza Hut. Both of these businesses provide a homogeneous service experience whether you are in New York, or Alaska, or even Adelaide. Consumers expect the same level of service and would not anticipate any huge deviation in their experience. Outside of the main brands you might expect a less homogeneous experience. If you visit your doctor he or she might give one interpretation, whereas another doctor might offer a different view. Your regular hairdresser will deliver a style whereas a hairdresser in the next town could potentially style your hair differently. Therefore standardization is largely embodied by the large global brands which produce services. Right of ownership is not taken to the service, since you merely experience it. For example, an engineer may service your air-conditioning, but you do not own the service, the engineer or his equipment. You cannot sell it on once it has been consumed, and do not take ownership of it. Western economies have seen deterioration in their traditional manufacturing industries, and a growth in their service economies. Therefore the marketing mix has seen extended and adapted to create the services marketing mix, also known as the 7P's or the extended marketing mix - physical evidence, process and people.
BELATEDLY, assessments in New York City rose in the mid-80's to reflect the growth in market values. And now, again belatedly, they have begun to drop to reflect the decline. The 7 percent drop in overall assessments may have been the most significant news embedded in the tentative assessment roll for the 1992 fiscal year made public at City Hall last month. It has been overshadowed for the moment by the awkwardly timed effort by the Dinkins administration to raise as much as $800 million more from the property tax than it is producing this year. To do that, tax rates will have to rise. Homeowners on average would find their taxes going up about $300 a year from the average bill of $1,340 in the current year. Taxes on apartments -- rentals, co-ops and condominiums -- would on average go up about $230 a unit from a base of $1,430. The biggest blow would fall on commercial property in Class 4, where billable assessments are still rising from past assessment increases on which taxes are being phased in. Additionally there would be a tax-rate increase of about 12 percent if Mayor David N. Dinkins's fiscal plan is fully enacted. Property taxes in Class 4 would reach a level approximately double what they were in 1987, according to the Real Estate Board of New York. The year-to-year increase averages out to $1.28 a square foot. For a 10,000-square-foot office tenant, this is a $12,800-a-year rent increase, since tax increases are passed on under standard leases. Apart from the anomaly of falling assessments and rising property taxes, however, the roll has an interest in its own right. It is the first to be produced under the leadership of Carol O'Cleireican, an economist, as Finance Commissioner. She has pledged a new openness and fairness in the property assessment system. On the first point, she has already made a notable contribution. But on the second, well-wishers may be permitted skepticism. Unfairness in terms of the ratios of assessed values to market values is legislatively built into New York City's assessment system. An argument can be made that the situation is growing worse. "I know that reform will not be easy," said the Commissioner in a statement that accompanied the publication of the roll, which will become final following adjustments made by the Tax Commission after an appeals period. "But every long journey begins with a first step." The first steps toward openness have already been taken. This year the Finance Department disclosed to the owners of income-producing properties the figures known as capitalization rates that assessors assign to categories of income-producing property. The assigned rate reflects their judgment of the current value of a building's income stream, or rents after operating expenses are deducted, to a buyer. Rates are influenced largely by geographic location and building age. The lower the rate, the higher the presumed value. For example, if the net income is $100,000 and the assessors use an 8 percent capitalization rate, the assessed value would be $1.25 million. But if they use a 12 percent rate the valuation would be $833,300. Last year, owners of so-called Class B office buildings -- older buildings in nonprime locations, including many in Manhattan that were upgraded or changed from manufacturing to office use in the 80's -- organized themselves as the Property Tax Fairness Coalition and commissioned a study by a Los Angeles consulting firm with a Manhattan office, Hamilton Rabinovitz & Alschuler.
At midday a light snow began to fall; the white was a welcome sight. While parts of the country are shoveling out, we here in southwest Wisconsin have needed only a broom. The ground here has been bare most of the winter. It's been great for the farmers who try to get their corn and soybeans harvested before the snow flies. By late afternoon there was an inch of new white snow on everything--the ground, trees, fence posts, bushes, everywhere. It was nice to see something bright. In Wisconsin, winter just doesn't seem like winter without some snow. I've been itching to slide down a hill on a sled, but I need at least three or four inches before it's soft enough to cushion these old bones. The birds at the birdfeeders seemed extra busy this morning. Blue jays called and flew off in several directions. A pair of cardinals flew by me as I stood in the snow. A gang of black crows sailed high overhead, calling out to me as they passed by. I noticed a pair of jay-sized birds coming at me from the south and passing right over my head. There was no doubt they were robins. This was a nice treat, even though I saw them for only a few seconds. I think the birds knew there was snow on the way, and when they are busy, they tend to add more life at the start of a day. I broomed the snow off the woodpile and picked up three heavy chunks of split hickory. As I climbed the steps, I wondered where those two robins were headed and where they have been. I can't remember the last time I didn't see a robin in the winter, but it's been at least five years. Seeing the first return of a robin in the spring is not so shocking when you know a few are hanging around all winter. These winter robins are shy and rarely will come to the bird feeders. They prefer to fend for themselves, and they are good at it. They will gladly eat the nutritious berries of chokecherry, wild grapes, serviceberry, and highbush cranberry, but the winter robins' favorite food is the seed found in the dark red tops of the sumac. Over the years I have shared many winter stories with my readers--stories of the tracks in the deep snow as the landscape turns white. For me it meant a chance to write about how the wildlife survives in a snowy world. So I, for one, am looking for more snow. An Amish farmer told me the other day about seeing a large white bird on top of a fence post in a hayfield. This, of course, made me very curious, so I had to ask him some more questions. He said the bird was over a foot tall, but seemed to be huddled down over the top of the post. The bird was a hundred yards away, but it looked like there may have been some black spots on its white feathers. The farmer's excellent description was of the great white owl, also known as the snowy owl. It's always a wonderful treat to see one of these magnificent birds from the far north. Life can be very harsh on the Canadian tundra, and the snowy owl is used to cold winter weather. In the spring and summer they raise their young on the treeless landscape. Food is plentiful and the owls catch voles, lemmings, and flightless young birds. When winter comes, their true hunting skills surface, and they look for hares and ptarmigan. If the hunting is bad, many of these large white owls migrate across the northern boundaries of the U.S. in search of food. With their large, keen yellow eyes, snowy owls can spot their next meal at a great distance. On huge and silent white wings, they glide low to the ground and surprise their prey. The female great white owl is larger, and her feathers may be heavily barred with black, while the smaller male is lightly barred or pure white. When everything is covered with snow, the great white owl is perfectly camouflaged to blend with its surroundings. With no snow on the ground, though, the snowy owl stands out like a sore thumb. I've spotted them a mile away, sitting motionless in a tree or on top of a fence post. They truly are one of nature's most beautiful and mysterious winter birds. All art ©2013 Organic Valley
Friday May 24, 2013 Jump to content October 7, 2005 Payson Women's Golf Association members Judy Neal, Jan Burns, LauraMeyocks and Joyce Goff were top finishers in the annual clubchampionship tournament. Meyocks was the overall low-gross champ. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Posting comments requires a free account
SCOTTSDALE -- The Arizona Fall League has long been recognized as Major League Baseball's "graduate" school, and on Saturday Paul Konerko picked up his honorary doctorate.Konerko was inducted as the 27th member of the AFL Hall of Fame in ceremonies prior to the Mesa-Salt River game at Salt River Fields at Talking Stick, and his No. 34 as third baseman of the 1996 Sun City Solar Sox was retired by the 20-year-old league. Ryan Howard, a member of the 2004 Phoenix Desert Dogs, is inductee No. 28 -- technically. The AFL doesn't formally induct honorees without their presence, and the Philadelphia first baseman is recovering from an operation on the Achilles tendon he had torn on the final play of the National League Division Series. Howard will be honored next year. So the 2011 spotlight shone solely on Konerko, a Scottsdale resident who became the first local product enshrined in the permanent Hall of Fame displayed in Scottsdale Stadium's concourse. "I'm probably also the first member of the Hall of Fame who came to the games as a kid," said Konerko, whose family moved here from Rhode Island when he was 11. Considering about 3,400 prospects have played through the AFL -- more than 1,200 of them on their way to the big leagues -- inclusion among 28 Hall of Famers is certainly a prestigious honor. One definitely not bestowed upon Konerko for his play in the AFL. "I wasn't too good when I played here," Konerko said, and the record books bear him out, as the Solar Sox's third baseman batted .212 with three homers and 22 RBIs in 44 games. At the time, Konerko was a top prospect in the Dodgers' system, and he also paused in Cincinnati prior to arriving in Chicago, where he made his mark on the South Side. The five-time All-Star recently finished his seventh season with 30-plus homers and his ninth with at least 90 RBIs. Konerko called his induction into one of the few Hall of Fames one may enter while still active "a most pleasant stepping stone." "The AFL has grown up, with more stadiums now, but the core of why it started is the same," Konerko said. "Every organization sends a handful of guys, they're all put together and given a chance to see their best competition. "They grow and become polished together. Ninety percent of these guys will be playing against each other for the next 10 years," added the first baseman and captain -- but not manager -- of the Chicago White Sox. Konerko admitted being taken by surprise by White Sox general manager Ken Williams' admission -- after having already chosen Robin Ventura to replace Ozzie Guillen -- that he had considered Konerko as a player-manager. "That was never even mentioned," Konerko said. "I saw it in the paper, then got a million phone calls, but it was never something that was brought up to me before the manager was announced. "To tell you the truth, I've never thought about managing, not really. It was definitely flattering, but I really have no desire to do that. But I guess it was a compliment." Did being mentioned in that context put Konerko on the map as a future candidate to manage? "In my opinion, I do not see myself ever wanting to do that," he said. "But if you go back to 10 years ago, Robin Ventura probably would've said he doesn't want to manage, either, so you never say never. But as of right now, I don't see myself managing in baseball at any level when I'm done." That will come as a disappointment to Roland Hemond, a former White Sox executive and a principal founder of the AFL. During Saturday's induction ceremony, Hemond looked forward to "taking great pleasure in seeing this man's career continue." And when the time was right, Hemond said, Konerko "would make a great manager in the Arizona Fall League."
Anaconda iSCSI Cleanup Improve anaconda's iSCSI support. This is a complete iscsi rewrite that also adds the new libiscsi and associated python bindings. - Hans DeGoede <email@example.com> - Targeted release: [Fedora 11] - Last updated: (02/10/09) - Percentage of completion: 95% iSCSI support in anaconda needed extensive cleanup. This feature replaces existing code with new code using libiscsi. - Report error when we cannot add a disk instead of silently failing (461830) - Report error when trying to use iscsi from kickstart without having an iscsiname directive first (463156) - Better feedback while scanning iscsi disks - Make ibft work with chap and 2-way chap - Make ibft configured disks available for upgrades and in rescue mode - Make ibft boot work even when iscsi-initiator-utils is installed after the kernel in the transaction - For non ibft discovered devices, the sendtargets discovery authentication information (username and secret) must be identical to the authentication information for the portal to the target. Benefit to Fedora Fewer anaconda bugs and easier maintenance. Additional support for ibft, CHAP, reverse CHAP. - Review and fix numerous reported problems - Include latest ibft, CHAP and reverse CHAP support - Test install to a regular disk with /home on iscsi using no authentication - Test install to a regular disk with /home on iscsi using 1-way CHAP - Test install to a regular disk with /home on iscsi using 2-way CHAP - Test install with / on iscsi using an iBFT capable system using no authentication - Test install with / on iscsi using an iBFT capable system using 1-way CHAP - Test install with / on iscsi using an iBFT capable system using 2-way CHAP - Test install with / on 1 iscsi target and /home on a different target using an iBFT capable system - Test install with / on 1 iscsi lun and /home on a different lun of the same target using an iBFT capable system - When using NetworkManager for network configuration and using an iscsi /, other iscsi based file systems (ie /boot) will not be brought up automatically. None; this is a necessary revision of existing (broken) support See http://people.atrpms.net/~hdegoede/html/index.html for details of the libiscsi API Not user visible so none needed
Psalm CXXVI. 5492 1. …How man had come into captivity, let us ask the Apostle Paul.…For he saith: “For we know that the Law is spiritual, but I am carnal, sold under sin.” 5493 Behold whence we became captives; because we were sold under sin. Who sold us? We ourselves, who consented to the seducer. We could sell ourselves; we could not redeem ourselves. We sold ourselves by consent of sin, we are redeemed in the faith of righteousness. For innocent blood was given for us, that we might be redeemed. Whatsoever blood he shed in persecuting the righteous, what kind of blood did he shed? Righteous mens blood, indeed, he shed; they were Prophets, righteous men, our fathers, and Martyrs. Whose blood he shed, yet all coming of the offspring of sin. One blood he shed of Him who was not justified, 5494 but born righteous: by shedding that blood, he lost those whom he held. For they p. 604 for whom innocent blood was given were redeemed, and, turned back from their captivity, they sing this Psalm. 2. “When the Lord turned back the captivity of Sion, we became as those that are comforted” (Psa. 126.1). He meant by this to say, we became joyful. When? “When the Lord turned back the captivity of Sion.” What is Sion? Jerusalem, the same is also the eternal Sion. How is Sion eternal, how is Sion captive? In angels eternal, in men captive. For not all the citizens of that city are captives, but those who are away from thence, they are captives. Man was a citizen of Jerusalem, but sold under sin he became a pilgrim. Of his progeny was born the human race, and the captivity of Sion filled all lands. And how is this captivity of Sion a shadow of that Jerusalem? The shadow of that Sion, which was granted to the Jews, in an image, in a figure, was in captivity in Babylonia, and after seventy years that people turned back to its own city. 5495 …But when all time is past, then we return to our country, as after seventy years that people returned from the Babylonish captivity, for Babylon is this world; since Babylon is interpreted “confusion.”…So then this whole life of human affairs is confusion, which belongeth not unto God. In this confusion, in this Babylonish land, Sion is held captive. But “the Lord hath turned back the captivity of Sion.” “And we became,” he saith, “as those that are comforted.” That is, we rejoiced as receiving consolation. Consolation is not save for the unhappy, consolation is not save for them that groan, that mourn. Wherefore, “as those that are comforted,” except because we are still mourning? We mourn for our present lot, we are comforted in hope: when the present is passed by, of our mourning will come everlasting joy, when there will be no need of consolation, because we shall be wounded with no distress. But wherefore saith he “as” those that are comforted, and saith not comforted? This word “as,” is not always put for likeness: when we say “As,” it sometimes refers to the actual case, sometimes to likeness: here it is with reference to the actual case.…Walk therefore in Christ, and sing rejoicing, sing as one that is comforted; because He went before thee who hath commanded thee to follow Him. 3. “Then was our mouth filled with joy, and our tongue with exultation” (Psa. 126.2). That mouth, brethren, which we have in our body, how is it “filled with joy”? It useth not to be “filled,” save with meat, or drink, or some such thing put into the mouth. Sometimes our mouth is filled; and it is more that we say to your holiness, 5496 when we have our mouth full, we cannot speak. But we have a mouth within, that is, in the heart, whence whatsoever proceedeth, if it is evil, defileth us, if it is good, cleanseth us. For concerning this very mouth ye heard when the Gospel was read. For the Jews reproached the Lord, because His disciples ate with unwashen hands. 5497 They reproached who had cleanness without; and within were full of stains. They reproached, whose righteousness was only in the eyes of men. But the Lord sought our inward cleanness, which if we have, the outside must needs be clean also. “Cleanse,” He saith, “the inside,” and “the outside shall be clean also.” 5498 … 4. But let us return to what was just now read from the Gospel, relating to the verse before us, “Our mouth was filled with joy, and our tongue with delight:” for we are inquiring what mouth and what tongue. Listen, beloved brethren. The Lord was scoffed at, because His disciples ate with unwashed hands. The Lord answered them as was fitting, and said unto the crowds whom He had called unto Him, “Hear ye all, and understand: not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man.” 5499 What is this? when He said, what goeth into the mouth, He meant only the mouth of the body. For meat goeth in, and meats defile not a man; because, “All things are clean to the clean;” and, “every creature of God is good, and none to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving.” 5500 … 5. Guard the mouth of thy heart from evil, and thou wilt be innocent: the tongue of thy body will be innocent, thy hands will be innocent; even thy feet will be innocent, thy eyes, thy ears, will be innocent; all thy members will serve under righteousness, because a righteous commander hath thy heart. “Then shall they say among the heathen, the Lord hath done great things for them.” 6. “Yea, the Lord hath done great things for us already, whereof we rejoice” (Psa. 126.3). Consider, my brethren, if Sion doth not at present say this among the heathen, throughout the whole world; consider if men are not running unto the Church. In the whole world our redemption is received; Amen is answered. The dwellers in Jerusalem, therefore, captive, destined to return, pilgrims, sighing for their country, speak thus among the heathen. What do they say? “The Lord hath done great things for us, whereof we rejoice.” Have they done anything for themselves? They have done ill with themselves, for they have sold themselves under sin. The Redeemer came, and did the good things for them. 7. “Turn our captivity, O Lord, as the torrents in the south” (Psa. 126.4). Consider, my p. 605 brethren, what this meaneth.…As torrents are turned in the south, so turn our captivity. In a certain passage Scripture saith, in admonishing us concerning good works, “Thy sins also shall melt away, even as the ice in fair warm weather.” 5501 Our sins therefore bound us. How? As the cold bindeth the water that it run not. Bound with the frost of our sins, we have frozen. But the south wind is a warm wind: when the south wind blows, the ice melts, and the torrents are filled. Now winter streams are called torrents; for filled with sudden rains they run with great force. We had therefore become frozen in captivity; our sins bound us: the south wind the Holy Spirit hath blown: our sins are forgiven us, we are released from the frost of iniquity; as the ice in fair weather, our sins are melted. Let us run unto our country, as the torrents in the south.… 8. For the next words are, “They that sow in tears, shall reap in joy” (Psa. 126.5). In this life, which is full of tears, let us sow. What shall we sow? Good works. Works of mercy are our seeds: of which seeds the Apostle saith, “Let us not be weary in well doing; for in due season we shall reap if we faint not.” 5502 Speaking therefore of almsgiving itself, what saith he? “This I say; he that soweth sparingly, shall reap also sparingly.” 5503 He therefore who soweth plentifully, shall reap plentifully: he who soweth sparingly, shall reap also sparingly: and he that soweth nothing, shall reap nothing. Why do ye long for ample estates, where ye may sow plentifully? There is not a wider field on which ye can sow than Christ, who hath willed that we should sow in Himself. Your soil is the Church; sow as much as ye can. But thou hast not enough to do this. Hast thou the will? 5504 As what thou hadst would be nothing, if thou hadst not a good will; so do not despond, because thou hast not, if thou hast a good will. For what dost thou sow? Mercy. And what wilt thou reap? Peace. Said the Angels, Peace on earth unto rich men? No, but, “Peace on earth unto men of a good will.” 5505 Zacchæus had a strong will, Zacchæus had great charity. 5506 …Did then that widow who cast her two farthings into the treasury, sow little? Nay, as much as Zacchæus. For she had narrower means, but an equal will. She gave her two mites 5507 with as good a will as Zacchæus gave the half of his patrimony. If thou consider what they gave, thou wilt find their gifts different; if thou look to the source, thou wilt find them equal; she gave whatever she had, and he gave what he had.…But if they are beggars whose profession is asking alms, in trouble they also have what to bestow upon one another. God hath not so forsaken them, but that they have wherein they may be tried by their bestowing of alms. This man cannot walk; he who can walk, lendeth his feet to the lame; he who seeth, lendeth his eyes to the blind; and he who is young and sound, lendeth his strength to the old or the infirm, carrieth him: the one is poor, the other is rich. 9. Sometimes also the rich man is found to be poor, and something is bestowed upon him by the poor. Somebody cometh to a river, so much the more delicate as he is more rich; he cannot pass over: if he were to pass over with bare limbs, he would catch cold, would be ill, would die: a poor man more active in body cometh up: he carries the rich man over; he giveth alms unto the rich. Think not therefore those only poor, who have not money.…Thus love ye, thus be ye affectioned unto one another. Attend not solely to yourselves: but to those who are in want around you. But because these things take place in this life with troubles and cares, faint not. Ye sow in tears, ye shall reap in joy. 10. How, my brethren? When the farmer goeth forth with the plough, carrying seed, is not the wind sometimes keen, and doth not the shower sometimes deter him? He looketh to the sky, seeth it lowering, shivers with cold, nevertheless goeth forth, and soweth. For he feareth lest while he is observing the foul weather, and awaiting sunshine, the time may pass away, and he may not find anything to reap. Put not off, my brethren; sow in wintry weather, sow good works, even while ye weep; for, “They that sow in tears, shall reap in joy.” They sow their seed, good will, and good works. “They went on their way and wept, casting their seed” (Psa. 126.6). Why did they weep? Because they were among the miserable, and were themselves miserable. It is better, my brethren, that no man should be miserable, than that thou shouldest do alms.…Nevertheless, as long as there are objects for its exercise, let us not fail amid those troubles to sow our seed. Although we sow in tears, yet shall we reap in joy. For in that resurrection of the dead, each man shall receive his own sheaves, that is, the produce of his seed, the crown of joys and of delight. Then will there be a joyous triumph, when we shall laugh at death, wherein we groaned before: then shall they say to death, “O death, where is thy strife? O death, where is thy sting?” 5508 But why do they now rejoice? Because “they bring their sheaves with them.” 11. In this Psalm we have chiefly exhorted you to do deeds of alms, because it is thence that we ascend; and ye see that he who ascendp. 606 eth, singeth the song of steps. Remember: do not love to descend, instead of to ascend, but reflect upon your ascent: because he who descended from Jerusalem to Jericho fell among thieves. 5509 …The Samaritan as He passed by slighted us not: He healed us, He raised us upon His beast, upon His flesh; He led us to the inn, that is, the Church; He entrusted us to the host, that is, to the Apostle; He gave two pence, whereby we might be healed, 5510 the love of God, and the love of our neighbour. The Apostle spent more; for, though it was allowed unto all the Apostles to receive, as Christs soldiers, pay from Christs subjects, 5511 that Apostle, nevertheless, toiled with his own hands, and excused the subjects the maintenance owing to him. 5512 All this hath already happened: if we have descended, and have been wounded; let us ascend, let us sing, and make progress, in order that we may arrive. Lat. CXXV. A song of degrees. A sermon to the people.603:5493 Rom. vii. 14.603:5494 Or, “made righteous.”604:5495 Jer. 25:11, Jer. 29:10.604:5496 [A bishop seems to have been present.—C.]604:5497 Matt. xv. 1, etc.604:5498 Matt. xxiii. 26.604:5499 Matt. 15:10, 11.604:5500 1 Tim. iv. 4.605:5501 Gal. vi. 9.605:5503 2 Cor. ix. 6.605:5504 Oxf. mss. “have a good will.”605:5505 Luke ii. 14.605:5506 Luke xix. 8.605:5507 Luke xxi. 1-4.605:5508 1 Cor. xv. 55.606:5509 Luke x. 30.606:5510 Luke 10:35, 37.606:5511 Provincialibus. 1 Cor. iv. 2.606:5512 1 Thess. 2:7, 9, 2 Thess. 3:8, 9.
Brookvale, NSW ( ForPressRelease ) August 21, 2012 - CAN (Mental Health) Inc. is very excited to announce that it's extending its national peer support service (Phone Connections) to include people living with the dual disability of mental illness and deafness, every Friday evening from 6pm - 11pm. To provide access to its peer support service the organisation now has: - Skype Video Conferencing and - Online Chat capabilities This important service enables people to decrease social isolation and increase social connection by having a touch base chat about their day or week. People with the dual disability of mental illness and deafness are some of the most isolated in our community. "To be able to provide peer support to our colleagues in the deaf community is not only exciting it is very sorely needed". Phone Connections is not a crisis line, nor a clinical or counseling service. Peer support is based on equality, mutuality, hope and understanding and is a complimentary pathway to clinical services. Phone Connections has been operating for 5 years and is very highly regarded both by consumers who access the service and other providers. At this stage we can only offer this much needed service to people with the dual disability of mental illness and deafness one evening per week (Fridays). Access to Phone Connections is FREE and the person can remain with the service for as long as they like. The peer support staff is very experienced and very highly trained. "To receive a touch base phone call can make all the difference to a person's day. It may be the only call the person receives for the week to let them know that someone cares about them", Ms Casey, Executive Officer said. "Even when not at home the fact the staff leaves a message lets the person know that someone is thinking about them". Whilst providing this highly sought after peer support service to the deaf community is new, this exciting and innovative initiative taps into the technology that is available for the whole community. This population group has been largely ignored by the overall mental health community for far too long. Skype video conferencing will be available where the peer support worker can make the conference call within a designated time frame, just like CAN's other Phone Connections staff who ring people via phone. All the person has to do is request a Skype video conference call during the Friday evenings of operation. This can be undertaken by: - Registering online - Sending an email - Requesting a friend or relative to ring on 02 9114 8150 (Sydney metropolitan) or 1300 135 846 (Intra and Interstate) callers and leave a message; or - Touching base via the Online Chat For more information go to the CAN website http://canmentalhealth.org.au or email email@example.com
Issue | Canada engages in a new approach to resolve specific claims made by First Nations. Synopsis | The Specific Claims Tribunal Act established an administrative tribunal with the authority to make binding decisions on claims and to award monetary compensation up to $150 million per claim. Claims over $150 million will be dealt with through a specially mandated Cabinet process. Timing | Under the Specific Claims Tribunal Act, certain claims will be eligible for filing with the Specific Claims Tribunal as of 16 October 2011. Federal policy divides Aboriginal land claims into two broad categories: specific claims and comprehensive claims. Specific claims arise from the alleged non-fulfillment of historic treaties between First Nations and the Crown, or improper administration of First Nations lands and other assets by the Crown. Comprehensive claims are based on the assertion of continuing Aboriginal rights and title that have not been dealt with by treaty or other legal means. This overview focuses on the specific claims process. Between April 2010 and April 2011, 18 specific claims were settled at a total value of approximately $666 million. The monetary value of the claims settled in this period ranged from $134,283 to $231.4 million. As of 5 April 2011, 503 specific claims remain in the federal inventory of claims under assessment or in negotiations.1 Over the past several years, the federal specific claims process has been the subject of legal and policy reform initiatives intended to reduce the backlog of outstanding claims. In response to a 2006 report of the Standing Senate Committee on Aboriginal Peoples, which highlighted the need for reforms to the specific claims process in several areas, the federal government launched Specific Claims: Justice at Last – Canada’s Specific Claims Action Plan in June 2007. The reforms proposed in the action plan included an independent tribunal to make binding decisions on claims that cannot be resolved by negotiations, dedicated funding for specific claims settlements, and practical measures to improve the processing of both small and large claims.2 |Location of Specific Claims Under Assessment or in Negotiations (as of 5 April 2011)| |Source: Figure prepared by the Library of Parliament using data obtained from Indian and Northern Affairs Canada.| The Specific Claims Tribunal Act was introduced in the House of Commons on 27 November 2007 and came into force on 16 October 2008. The Act creates the Specific Claims Tribunal, an administrative tribunal composed of Superior Court judges with authority to make binding decisions on claims and to award monetary compensation up to a maximum of $150 million per claim. The Act stipulates that a First Nation may file a claim with the tribunal if the claim has been previously filed with the minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development, and if: In effect, the Specific Claims Tribunal Act introduces three-year timelines for the assessment and negotiation of specific claims. As a result of these timelines, certain cases will become eligible for filing with the tribunal as of 16 October 2011. With this deadline in view, the Specific Claims Tribunal is currently preparing for the commencement of operations. Between November 2009 and November 2010, several Superior Court judges were appointed to the tribunal, and Justice Harry Slade was appointed as its chairperson. Draft Rules of Practice and Procedure were made public in June 2010 and are currently under review by the Department of Justice. The tribunal’s first annual report, dated 30 September 2010, provides a synopsis of work undertaken to that date and of anticipated activities through the current and following fiscal years.3 The introduction of the Specific Claims Tribunal Act in November 2007 was accompanied by the signing of a political agreement between the Minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development and the National Chief of the Assembly of First Nations. The political agreement provides for additional discussion on improvements in the resolution of specific claims not directly addressed in the legislation, including matters related to claims that exceed the monetary cap of $150 million. The development of a Cabinet process to address claims over $150 million is ongoing. © Library of Parliament 2011
"Reached for Fleet Foxes. Landed on Springsteen. Sounds like indie rock and New Jersey go on a weird date. For Fans of Denim." - Philadelphia Weekly The Once Was Temple University Area, Philadelphia PA the muddy waters of your mind S.E. Hinton Great bands with great live shows, including but not limited to: Radiohead, The Band, Arcade Fire, Fleet Foxes, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, etc.
Properties for sale in Alanya, Real Estate in Alanya Turkey Reasonable, skilled and wise investors know that investing in real estate is very profitable. Popular real estate is scarce in many places, and prices often increase sharply as the area develops. Today, Turkey has one of the most vibrant property markets in Europe and Turkey still have more affordable housing than elsewhere in Europe. It is perfectly possible to get a great apartment in Alanya, for example, from 600 Euro per square meters. Cheap and good? In our opinion you will never find a better offer! Turkish Properties for sale in Alanya have a low entry price, and are located in a modern country with hospitable people. Turkey is known as a tourist paradise, and Alanya and the surrounding area is the center of this paradise. All Properties for sale in Alanya have an increasing value, whether we are talking about apartments, hotels or villas. Are you watching the real estate market in Turkey, you can easily see that Alanya is in the lead among the regions that can record the highest increase in prices over a short period. Riviera Invest invites you to invest in a Properties for sale in Alanya, one of the most lucrative forms of investment in Turkey. We offer properties in Alanya in all shapes and sizes: Commercial buildings, hotels, villas, apartments, penthouses, garden duplex, terraced houses andstudios. Riviera Invest has offered services in the real estate market for several years. Our customer portfolio includes investors from nearly 50 countries. Both for foreigners and Turks; Riviera Invest in Alanya offers a professional real estate service, not only during the actual sale. We use every opportunity to create satisfied customers and homeowners, whether you've invested in a studio, apartment, duplex, villa or a plot. A property owner should be happy in his home! The geographical location with green areas, the delicious Mediterranean and the well-developed infrastructure is without doubt part of what creates a worldwide interest when it comes to Properties for sale in Alanya. A fast growing population with strong growth in tourism means that the real estate industry has a secure future in this country. Having a private property here not only gives you high profits in the long term, but even in the short term. As a potential owner of a property in Alanya, we can only congratulate - you have not only chosen the right country to invest in - you have also chosen the most beautiful place in the Turkey ... Congratulations! Properties for sale in Alanya, Properties Alanya , Real estate Alanya
Original URL: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/11/09/iphone_roundup/ The iPhone: Everything you needed to know The tears, the laughter, the previous coverage It's just a few hours to go till Apple, O2 and Carphone Warehouse throw open their doors to anyone wanting to buy an iPhone. While you're waiting, you might want to take a virtual walk down memory lane, so we've pulled together six months' worth of iPhone coverage in one easy link fest. You don't have to believe the hype, but you can't deny it's out there. iPhone to solve UK unemployment  Not content with redefining the mobile phone and computer industries, the iPhone can now take credit for creating new jobs and saving the UK economy, apparently. UK iPhone customers to get fairer usage  O2 has decided that iPhone users on its network won't be limited by their "fair usage" policy, and really will get "unlimited" access to the internet. But other customers signed up for "unlimited" contracts will have to wait and see if O2 decides all their usage is fair too. How many $$$s does Apple make from an iPhone?  Lots from the phone, even more from the revenue sharing Motorola: Apple will not open the iPhone  The senior director of entertainment products at Motorola questions whether Apple will truly "open up" the iPhone. Operators say 'told you so' on iPhone security  Operator talking-shop the OMTP (Open Mobile Terminal Alliance) has published its white paper on handset security, saying something along the lines of Symbian Signed is a good idea, and that if Apple had listened to it the iPhone would never have been cracked. Apple: 1.4m iPhones sold, 250,000 unlocked  More than a quarter of a million people have purchased Apple iPhones and unlocked them, the handset's manufacturer admitted last night. Apple opens up iPhone to app developers  The iPhone and iTouch are to get a Software Developers Kit in February next year, allowing developers to create proper native applications for the platform and allowing it to properly compete with other smart phones, Steve Jobs announced on the company's website today. Orange's Apple deal to bear unlocked iPhones  Orange will indeed offer Apple's iPhone on France, but the most interesting aspect of the two firms' partnership will be the availability, for the first time, of officially unlocked  handsets. Apple prepares iPhone WebApp catalogue  Apple is about to launch a consolidation portal hosting WebApps for its glorified slates, the iPhone and iTouch, whilst developing proper applications with Electronic Arts and others. Hackers hit back at iPhone update  The war between Apple and the hackers is heating up, after a 'fix' for the recent iPhone update was posted online. Apple's recent update for the iPhone's firmware rendered unlocked iPhones - those that had been modified either through software or other means to work outside of AT&T's network - unusable, and the firm has so far refused to back down from its hardline stance. Apple posts iPhone update, bricks unlocked handsets  Apple has posted the anticipated iPhone 1.1.1 update. The release, which adds support for the Wi-Fi connect iTunes Music Store, does indeed, as expected, returns unlocked handsets back to their AT&T-only status. VoIP says hello to the iPhone  UK-based VoIP provider Truphone last night demonstrated its ability to place a VoIP call from an Apple iPhone, as well as some Facebook integration. The iPhone arrives, but is O2 being taken for a ride?  Yesterday Apple announced that O2 would have the exclusive rights to their iPhone in the UK, with punters paying £279 for the phone and signing up to an 18-month contract. Jobs hits London to announce O2 iPhone deal  Apple has finally confirmed that O2 has won the exclusive rights to carry the iPhone over its UK network from next month. Steve Jobs made the announcement at its flagship UK store in London this morning. Apple restricts ringtone rights  Yes, it seems unjust that Apple can charge you twice for an iPhone ringtone. But that's the way the fair-use cookie crumbles. iPod Touch: How the Jesus Phone was really John the Baptist  So was nine months of relentless iPhone hype and froth just a distraction? Not quite, but you could be forgiven for thinking so. I believe Apple's most important product of 2007 was actually announced this week, and its significance has been slow to sink in. It might be one of the cleverest moves Apple's ever made. Apple lobs $100 credit at iPhone buyers  Much to our surprise, Apple mavens have revolted against Steve Jobs. And he's trying to appease them. Apple slashes iPhone prices  No, Steve. We didn't miss that last bit. This morning, after announcing a boatload of brand new iPod and iTunes gizmos , Steve Jobs had one final piece of news for all you Apple lovers out there: He was dropping the price of the iPhone. Little more than two months after it debuted at $599, the 8GB status symbol is now available for just $399. US teen trades hacked iPhone for Nissan 350Z  A New Jersey teenager has cut a deal to trade a hacked iPhone for a new set of wheels and three further iPhones, Yahoo! reports. iPhone unlock procedure posted  A utility claiming to be the world's first software tool for unlocking the Apple iPhone was launched yesterday, even as hardware hackers said they'd figured out how to get the same result by tweaking the gadget itself. Apple puts refurbished iPhones on sale  Want a cheaper iPhone? Apple has begun offering refurbished handsets for $100 less than it charges for freshly made models. iPhone thumb trim hoax gets online media buy-in  Claims that Thomas Martel, 28, of Bonnie Brae had his oversized thumbs "whittled" to make using his iPhone easier have turned out to be a marvellous hoax perpetrated by the North Denver News, though one that fooled many online news sources. Jesus Phone needs an exorcist  Security researchers have discovered a security flaw in Apple's iPhone that could allow miscreants to wreak havoc on users of the highly-revered device, which has been dubbed the Jesus Phone by its more blindly faithful users. What's al-Qaeda's take on the iPhone?  In a fortnight during which just about everyone on the planet, excluding naturally those in a coma or temporarily indisposed up some tributary of the Amazon, has offered their two bits' worth on the launch of Apple's iPhone, it comes as a bit of a surprise that al-Qaeda has dismally failed to contribute to the brouhaha. Why the iPhone is a success  Two weeks after the iPhone virus started spreading, the verdict has to be that Steve Jobs has got it right. Sick to death of the bloody iPhone? Click here  We have some absolutely splendid news today for those among you who are heartily sick and tired of the bloody iPhone - those very silly people down at Blendtec  have done the decent thing and stuck the infernal device in the blender. iPhone hackers disclose vulns and hunt for clues  The game is on for hackers trying to spot security vulnerabilities in Apple's iPhone and already they're scoring points. Less than 72 hours after the iPhone's introduction, researchers have reported at least one flaw that could allow an attacker some level of control over the device, while other hackers have uncovered passwords hiding in Apple software that could prove key in gaining root access, they said. iPhone autopsies conducted  It hasn't taken long for many of the Apple iPhones acquired over the weekend to be taken home and taken to bits as hardware fans and chip analysts alike try to find out what kind of kit the "revolutionary" handset is packing. Apple's first handheld: the Newton MessagePad  Some say the apple doesn't fall far from the tree and when you consider the history of the PDA, that statement holds many truths. iPhone contract charges unveiled  AT&T and Apple have announced what the iPhone will cost customers over the two-year contract they'll be obliged to sign - and it's pretty-much what AT&T charges customers already. Ballmer: Apple's iPhone will be a niche player  So did Microsoft CEO Steve 'Monkey Boy ' Ballmer actually claim Apple's iPhone strategy is "flawed" or "bust", as a fair few bloggers picking up on his USA Today interview  suggested? Not quite. Why the Apple phone will fail, and fail badly  That's us, hoist by the petard of our excitable headline writers. But this remains a good run-through of the mobile phone market and Apple's place in it. We shall see, soon enough, if the novelty wears off®
Nightclub fire kills 245 in southern Brazil SANTA MARIA: At least 245 people died early on Sunday when a fire tore through a nightclub packed with university students in the southern Brazilian city of Santa Maria, police said. The death toll from the inferno stood initially at 70 but rapidly increased as firefighters searched the charred remains of the “Kiss” club, believed to have been packed with 300-400 revelers at the time of the blaze. Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff cut short a visit to Chile, where she was attending a European and Latin American summit, to head to Santa Maria and oversee the response to the tragedy, a Brazilian official said. It was not immediately clear what caused the blaze, but media reports said the fire broke out after 2:00 am (0400 GMT) when the nightclub was hosting a university party featuring a rock band using pyrotechnics. Santa Maria fire chief Guido de Melo said the fire caused widespread panic, and that many revelers were trampled or died from smoke inhalation. “The main cause of death was asphyxiation,” de Melo was quoted as saying by Estadao newspaper. Major Cleberson Bastianello, a military police commander in Santa Maria, confirmed that 245 people had been killed and told AFP another 48 had been taken to the hospital, an indication that the toll could climb further. Pictures published by local media showed firefighters dousing the blackened shell of a red brick building with water to put out the flames. “We have just gotten the fire under control,” Colonel Silvia Fuchs of the local fire department was quoted by the G1 website as saying. “Now we are removing the bodies.” The bodies were taken to a sports stadium that was blocked off by police to keep grieving family members from streaming in. O Globo said a first truck carried 67 corpses followed by another with around 70. Family members were gathering outside in the hope of getting news of their loved ones. The town is home to the Federal University of Santa Maria.
FAIR has openings each semester for volunteer student interns interested in media research, publicity, magazine and radio production. Interns have opportunities to develop writing, research and public relations skills, and to acquire broad knowledge of both corporate and independent media. Students with an educational background in the social sciences, particularly political science, will benefit greatly from an internship with FAIR. Other students well suited to this work come from public administration and journalism programs. Each intern is assigned to a specific staff member who will supervise his or her work, and establish educational goals based on the intern's interests and abilities. FAIR interns are exposed to an atmosphere of well-informed individuals who stimulate analytical thinking, while providing opportunities for socially relevant research. Responsibilities vary according to position, but may include working on Extra! (our award-winning magazine), CounterSpin (our nationally syndicated radio program), research, Web support, media-monitoring and administrative tasks. Skills useful in meeting these tasks include word-processing, data entry, electronic communications, on-line research and public speaking. Interns work at FAIR's office in New York City for a minimum of 12 hours per week during the school year and 15 hours per week in the summer or intercession. Students who wish to obtain course credit will have our full cooperation in meeting institutional requirements. FAIR internship applications are accepted on a rolling basis until all positions are filled.
What Fred Wilpon told The New Yorker doesn't matter. It matters like a team that is 20 games out needs to set a postseason rotation. It matters like a guy on The Titanic needed to figure out how to survive The Great Depression. It mattered like calling the right play for the Washington Generals matters. This will be a relic of Fred Wilpon's very late career as owner of the New York Mets. There's no realistic financial path forward for him. Let's stipulate the following: no one can predict the future. But when the Mets were in fourth place on September 1 of last year, 13 games out, no one treated it like a coin flip whether they'd make the playoffs or not. It wasn't going to happen, in all likelihood. And it didn't. Anyone who tries to tell you the Wilpons don't face the same kind of odds to hold onto this team, be it Fred Wilpon or anyone else, shouldn't be taken seriously. Let's be clear: if the long-discussed minority owner is found to give the Wilpons (or more accurately, Sterling Equities), that is reported to be, best-case, $200 million. With losses expected to be $70 million this year, a $22 million debt balloon payment due on Citi Field in June, and $25 million due back to Major League Baseball by the end of the season, that leaves around $85 million over, assuming no other expenses, planning for 2012 losses, or the next debt balloon payment on Citi Field. But let's say the Wilpons hold onto that entire $85 million, and apply it toward the lawsuit they face from the Trustee for the Bernie Madoff victims, Irving Picard. Picard wants $1 billion. That's a lot more than $85 million. And let's paint the rosiest scenario- somehow, though Picard has been settling with people for 99 cents on the dollar, the Wilpons convince the bankruptcy judge to see things their way regarding Picard's allegations that they should have known Madoff was a fraud. (Remember, every time you hear the Wilpons or allies declare publicly that they didn't know, it doesn't matter. That's not the standard here.) Even then, the Wilpons owe $300 million in the cash in minus cash out formulation Picard has created for net winners. That's been litigated by Picard, regarding Madoff, before this bankruptcy judge. So where are they getting that money in an absolute best-case scenario? And remember: they can't sell 49 percent of the team twice and still hold ownership. I suppose the absolute best-case scenario calls for all that, plus the judge ruling against himself, or Irving Picard having a change of heart, or the Sterling partners winning Powerball. And then again. And then again. But every time you read a story about the financials of the New York Mets, if the Wilpons don't look like they are in fourth place, 13 games out, with a month to go, that reporter isn't paying attention, either. So take Fred Wilpon's comments accordingly. They are shockingly stupid in terms of the effect on team morale and attendance. But financially, it is impossible to see how the Mets can afford Jose Reyes either way, and around the league, other teams already knew this. Carlos Beltran was a goner anyway. And David Wright, one hopes, will be more accurately evaluated by the new owner. Who is coming. And soon.
Nowadays — in both the novel and in actuality — Maxine's younger sister, Bonnie, is happily married to a nonmusical retired physician. She stays in Motel 6's and accepts the fact that diner waitresses no longer recognize her. Back in the 1950s, however, she was Elvis's secret sweetheart (and so busty that the producers of The Ed Sullivan Show insisted on sewing another piece of cloth over her stage costume for a broadcast). As the Browns savor their fame, Bass foreshadows the real-life blows they would absorb in later years: the accidental death at age 12 of the Browns' richly talented youngest brother; the damage to Jim Ed's guitar-picking fingers when he stumbled while operating a circular saw; and Elvis growing distant and mean as his rising star leaves the Browns earthbound in the Arkansas woods. Gallant Jim Ed Brown is perhaps the least developed character in Bass's perceptive portrayal. Though the young man eagerly joined Elvis in hotel rooms to receive groupies, he comes across as stolid in later life, blithely carrying on as a minor solo act. (Jim Ed learned to play the guitar again, using different fingers, and he did ultimately partner with a major talent: country singer Helen Cornelius.) Readers taking stock of their own lives are apt to sympathize most with the long-suffering Maxine. We come to care about her and count on her for the novel's tension as she confronts the reality, as Bass puts it, of a time "when the contracts vanished and the Browns disbanded — and before she made her uneasy peace with that new accommodation, the cessation of fame." If the Browns were more prominent today, Rick Bass's novel might not have achieved the suspense it manages to deliver. Perhaps the group was jinxed; perhaps brother-sister acts came to seem cornball; or perhaps the bitch goddess of Fame is simply a false idol. Bass's Maxine proclaims that the Browns opened the gates for such glorious successors as Dolly Parton and Loretta Lynn, and that Kenny Chesney and Garth Brooks both owe her thank-you notes. Perhaps she'll take solace in a shout-out called Nashville Chrome. Charlie Clark, a Washington writer, got hooked on oldies by the Browns in the early 1980s.
Brave Guinness doesn’t like thunderstorms. I know that many dogs dislike thunder, but I find something funny about a 140 pound zombie hunter being afraid of loud noises. Usually the big baby finds me and hides under my feet when the thunder starts. I guess I’m the alpha-male, so he knows I’ll protect him. On the night of this tale I was traveling, so Guinness was the resident alpha-male, though I don’t think he understood what responsibilities the title imparted. read more » Archive for November, 2010 We have a rule in our house that states, “Happy tails never get punished.” This rule harkens back to the halcyon days when Cozy was a puppy, circa 1997. Lauren and I were newlyweds, we had a beautiful, clean house, and our precocious little pup had grown enough that her tail could sweep the coffee table clean with one wag. We were young, eager to please parents of our first puppy, so our rules were designed to foster the long-term happiness of our fuzzy little bundle of joy. Fast-forward thirteen years. Our house now has two pre-teen children. The pretty green carpet in the picture has been ruined (by dogs) and removed. Cozy and Daisy have long since passed over the Rainbow Bridge. Now Annie and Guinness rule the roost, but still the rule remains, “Happy tails never get punished.” read more » I am honored to have been asked by Ricman to write up a bio for Peenut Guy, the main character in a comic he’s been drawing. Peenut Guy can be seen on his webpage over at PeenutGuy.com, and for you guitar-lovers out there, the strip is posted daily on TheGearPage.net. Who is Peenut Guy? He is you and me. He’s every one of us who’s had a bad day. He is every one of us that’s ever made a mistake or a poor decision. There is one defining characteristic of Peenut Guy that separates him from most of us though: Peenut Guy never lets life get him down. read more » Somehow, a box of tissues wound up on the floor. In a normal house, this would be a virtual non-event. Someone would walk by, see them, pick them up, and put them away. Luckily for you, we live in a house where people don’t seem bothered by boxes of tissues in odd places. I’d be wiling to bet that I could glue an inverted box of tissues to the living room ceiling and not hear a word about it for months. Unless someone sneezed, in which case I’d be asked where the tissues were. In such a situation I might reply with a single finger pointed up, resulting in wonder and excitement from my children who would have completely missed the point of the exercise. This time though, the tissues were left on the floor where we all stepped over them for days. One day something changed, at which point I stopped and stared, trying to figure out what had caught my eye. Then it struck me; the tissues were suddenly outside the box. read more » Here in the woods of New Jersey, when the leaves start to fall and the temperature drops, we all tend to spend more time indoors. And by “we”, I mean family, dogs, and the filthy vermin commonly known as mice. Our rodent problem is not a unique one. Go to any hardware store around here in October, and you’ll see the mousetrap section picked over like the dairy aisle in a supermarket before a hurricane. I tend to be a “live and let live” kind of guy. In the past I’ve used live traps so that I could release the gentle creatures into the wild where they might frolic and play. Those days are gone I’m afraid—now I kill ‘em dead. I felt bad while disposing of the first thirty or so. After fifteen years of battle, I now have the blackened soul of a cold-hearted executioner. My wife though, she’s the scary one. read more »
Bucholz McEvoy Architects - Award Type: Regional Award 2005 - Location: Connacht Western Over €3,000,000 The speed with which office development happens in Ireland often produces buildings which have no relationship to their environment. They are placed and constructed from so-called ‘practical’ or ‘utilitarian’ reasons. Given specific time constraints and specific environmental and functional constraints how can architecture be created from purely utilitarian interpretation of these constraints? That is the problem we had to solve in the design of SAP Galway’s building. The building had to be completely designed before site selection was finalized; therefore it was decided to treat the function, a workplace with a specific task for a software company, and the environment, Longitude 9° W and Latitude 53° 15’ N, as the site. A building optimized to these conditions could fit in any site. The building is designed to create a balanced environment for employee comfort and working, which used the minimum amount of energy from non-renewable resources. The building environmentally is a high density occupancy building with high ventilation demand and high cooling load. Free cooling using outside air is the only cooling source utilized. An atrium separates office floor-plates which are connected via bridge structures. On the floor-plates are the work spaces, and on the bridges are the relaxing zone. The atrium is the driving environmental force for the building and obviates the need for mechanical extraction systems. The concrete frame is exposed pre-cast structure, the façade and atrium have been designed to optimize natural light, shading, and ventilation of the office space. SAP’s Galway facility is a ‘Contact Centre’: a place where direct technical queries are received and dealt with on the telephone. This is SAP’s first contact centre internationally, therefore it was important that the building be both flexible, and tailored for the work-culture. The age profile is young, 19-21, post leaving cert: at this age people have little or no experience of working in an office. This being their first office experience it will condition their performance and expectations vis-à-vis workplace etiquette, practices, the relationship between what they do and the environment within which they do it. Language is controlling feature of team composition. Teams deal with a specific language or language groups, therefore the overall composition of the office is highly international. Productivity is key; knowledge sharing may happen between people, however due to the fact that they answer queries over the telephone they will not ‘overhear’ conversations about similar problems. It is anticipated that similar issues will be dealt with by circulating them via email. 6min. response time means that people must think on their feet, and generally should not need to consult directly with colleagues. Innovative and technically accomplished- this is a "prototype" office building designed for a site of an assumed orientation. Its elegant form and construction derive from clear rational planning, meticulous detailing and flawless construction. The atrium drives the environmental design while creating a spatially rich interior environment for the building users.
Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - Ray Lewis danced one final time on the M&T Bank Stadium turf as the city of Baltimore celebrated the Ravens' victory in Super Bowl XLVII with a raucous celebration on Tuesday. An overflow crowd reveled in Sunday's 34-31 victory over the San Francisco 49ers in New Orleans, which gave Baltimore its first title of any kind since the Ravens routed the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXXV back in January of 2001, with thousands of fans lined throughout the city streets and the stadium also showing their appreciation for Lewis as the beloved team icon begins his retirement after a remarkable 17-year run with the organization. Quarterback Joe Flacco drew his share of cheers as well for his MVP performance in Sunday's thrilling win, while safety Ed Reed added a little singing to Lewis' trademark "Squirrel Dance" out of the entrance tunnel by belting out a rendition of Eddie Money's "Two Tickets to Paradise" and leading the familiar chorus of the White Stripes' "Seven Nation Army" during the rally. Still, the main attraction was undoubtedly Lewis, the franchise's most decorated and recognizable player and the only remaining member from the Ravens' first Super Bowl triumph 12 years ago, as the 37-year-old concluded his self-termed "last ride." The two-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year and Super Bowl XXXV MVP gave plenty of affection back to the city where he spent his entire pro career while addressing the crowd at the rally. "There is nothing in the world, there is no place on this earth, that is better than Baltimore," Lewis said. "We believed in each other from day one, from 1996 to now. "The only way on my last ride to pay Baltimore back for everything you did for me and all the support you gave to me, was to bring back the Lombardi Trophy to Baltimore one more time. I love you, Baltimore. Baltimore! Forever my city." Reed, an impending free agent with an uncertain future with the team, took the podium next and took a slight jab at the team the Ravens toppled to claim the Lombardi Trophy. "Who's got it better than who?," he said in a reference to 49ers head coach Jim Harbaugh's famed team rallying cry of "Who's got it better than us?" Harbaugh, of course, is the younger brother of Ravens sideline boss John Harbaugh, who wrapped up the festivities by leading the crowd in a team chant after thanking the fans for their support. "Our team, I'm talking about all of us, one of the keys was our determination," said Harbaugh. "We played with incredible determination and resolve. And judging by how hard it was to get into this stadium, I would say that's true about our fans, too. We're on the parade coming down here, and every cranny, every sidewalk is full. Every opening where it opens up, every grassy knoll is packed with Ravens fans. They broke down the barriers behind Ray Lewis and mobbed the streets, right? They filled the streets. "The city's going crazy! For the Ravens! The world champion Baltimore Ravens!" The celebration began shortly before noon ET at City Hall and continued with a parade through the streets until the team reached M&T Bank Stadium.
Will county give low-income seniors the tax break OK'd by voters? Published: Thursday, February 7, 2013 at 5:17 p.m. Last Modified: Thursday, February 7, 2013 at 5:17 p.m. Like many local residents Irvin Curtin was looking for a break — a tax break, to be specific. Curtin recently approached the County Commission to request implementation of Amendment 11, a newly passed provision to the state Constitution that grants certain low-income senior citizens a reduction in their property tax rates. "I've lived a long time. I've seen so many property tax increases, and other kinds of tax increases, that it just boggles the mind. And I think this is a worthwhile thing," the Belleview-area retiree told the board. One commissioner agreed, and one didn't, clearly indicating his opposition. Which means any hope of relief for Curtin and other senior citizens in his situation are pinned on all three remaining commissioners being convinced to open another loophole in an already well ventilated property tax system. Amendment 11 authorizes cities and counties to enact a homestead exemption for people 65 and older who meet the following criteria: They must have a household income of less than $27,030; own a home whose market value is less than $250,000; and have lived in that home for at least 25 years. Proponents say its passage would effectively eliminate property taxes for qualified homeowners. In Marion County the reduction in revenue from enacting Amendment 11 would be miniscule. A county report estimates that qualified taxpayers collectively would save $162,234. Critics of Amendment 11 maintain that local governments just could not afford another tax break as revenues keep declining. According to an annual report Property Appraiser Villie Smith compiles about local land values, the state has authorized 38 tax breaks for property owners. That includes exemptions for both land and for personal — or tangible — property. The homestead exemption, which slashes up to $50,000 off the taxable value of residences, is the best known and most popular. It is claimed by about 93,000 homeowners in Marion County. Other tax breaks contained in Smith's report cover nearly 5,000 parcels of publicly owned land, including schools; 1,008 parcels owned by churches and charitable organizations, including health care providers; 11,146 parcels owned by widows and widowers; 6,816 parcels owned by the partially or totally disabled and the blind, including military veterans; 42 parcels set aside for environmental conservation; and 10 parcels owned by deployed military personnel. Across the county, those exemptions reduced the overall taxable value of property by $6.4 billion in 2012. Those property tax breaks saved taxpayers across Marion County about $45.3 million last year. That's about $800,000 more than the $44.5 million the county budgeted for property tax revenues for 2013. In his pro-Amendment 11 pitch to the County Commission, Curtin pointed out that he collects about $1,100 a month in Social Security, while his property taxes ran about $1,400 per year. He added that he once used his federal income tax rebate to pay his property taxes, but could no longer do so after retiring. Curtin had an advocate on the board, Commissioner Earl Arnett, who dropped Amendment 11 on his colleagues on Tuesday as his first big policy issue. Arnett argued that the public had clearly voiced its preference by overwhelmingly supporting Amendment 11. The amendment was one of just three proposed changes to the Florida Constitution to pass last November. The other two also were property tax-related, providing breaks for families of military veterans or first responders. Amendment 11 received 61 percent of the vote statewide and 61 percent within Marion County. "The voting public has told us, as commissioners, that they would like to see this exemption for our seniors," Arnett said. "Most of our seniors that have owned a home for 25 years are responsible. They pay their taxes. They pay their mortgage. They just don't have the funds left for the nutrition that they need and for the prescriptions," Arnett said. Yet Commissioner Stan McClain announced he would oppose Amendment 11 — as, he said, he has opposed other property tax exemptions. Every new tax break, McClain said, requires other taxpayers "to pick up the slack" and creates a demand from other groups for even more tax exemptions. "Pretty soon, there's going to be a small amount of people paying property tax," McClain said. "We end up in a circular firing squad when we do this." "It's not fair to everyone else. We have to think of the greater good of the community." It's unclear when the board might reconsider Arnett's proposal. The Marion County Commission also has taken a pass on a previous property tax exemption for senior citizens: an additional $25,000 claim for homesteaded property that was passed in 1998. The cities of Belleview and McIntosh are the only local governments in Marion to adopt that tax break. Irvin, a 71-year-old retired life insurance salesman, said in an interview Thursday that he will be back at the next commission meeting to promote it again. He said he could use the savings to help his wife purchase health insurance, which they cannot afford right now. "I've been a taxpayer for 40 years, and I could use just a little help in my retirement," Irvin said. "One day they might need a little help themselves." Contact Bill Thompson at 867-4117 or email@example.com. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.
Justin Hamilton and Christopher Stern, co-owners of Hamilton Stern Construction LLC, finally can put their feet up and relax. After completing renovations on their headquarters in Pittsford, the duo have settled into the new home of their full-service construction management company. In just more than two years, Hamilton Stern Construction has completed or begun work on a variety of commercial, health care, industrial and residential projects, ranging in cost from $25,000 to $5 million. Those projects include building renovations to the Niagara Falls Air Force Base, the build-out of Savers thrift store in Henrietta and the corporate offices of Chaintreuil Jensen and Stark Architects LLP. Hamilton and Stern's dream of owning a business together began in 1998, when they met as teammates on the basketball team at Rochester Institute of Technology. They clicked instantly. "We kind of knew right then and there that one day we would be working together," Stern said. Both Stern and Hamilton were civil engineering majors. After graduating in 2003, they worked as project engineers at MLB Construction Services LLC in Ballston Spa, Saratoga County, before pursuing separate ventures. Stern went to work as a project manager for LeCesse Construction Services LLC, a commercial construction management company with offices in Henrietta. Hamilton became a project manager for Mazzarella & Cannan LLC, a real estate development and property management company in Rochester. Both Hamilton and Stern said the contacts they made working for those two companies served as the building blocks for their construction firm. The duo formed the company in early 2010, with two other employees. Hamilton Stern Construction took shape in a temporary office on Humboldt Street in Rochester. The company's first major project came in May 2011, a 7,000-square-foot addition and renovation of Tire World Auto Service Center in Penfield. The renovations, completed in October, included a new showroom and an expansion from five to nine service bays. As the project wrapped up, Hamilton Stern Construction was moved into its 5,000-square-foot office and warehouse space on Monroe Avenue in Pittsford. Stern and Hamilton spent the first few months working together in a small office in the building while their construction team completed renovations. The space, which previously housed the Three Crowns gift shop, now features their offices, a spiral staircase, conference area and kitchen. Hamilton said the next step is hiring a receptionist as business picks up. "We're growing to the point where we need help," Hamilton said. "That's a good thing." The firm has 12 employees, but each client still gets the services of either Hamilton or Stern. "We're very hands-on. Either Justin or I will see each project from start to finish," Stern said. Hamilton said the company owes its early success to word-of-mouth marketing, several repeat customers and the chemistry between its 32-year-old co-founders. "I tell people Chris is like my brother from another mother," Hamilton said. "We're able to bounce ideas off each other. He knows what I'm thinking before I say it. That's the beauty of having a partner." 5/11/12 (c) 2012 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or email firstname.lastname@example.org.
In the golden age of the worker, when worker’s rights were freshly won and the unions were widely respected as groups that helped tip the scales away from the bourgeois and towards the proletariat, one of the greatest threats to the newly rejuvenated working class was automation. “One day, the robots will come and destroy everything we’ve worked for in the name of profit,” they would say. Instead, the robots came and made things more efficient, safer and increased productivity greatly. Then, the politicians and the upper class came and destroyed everything they worked for in the name of profit. In our time, it is a pretty safe bet to say it is no longer a golden age for the worker. It is, however, seemingly a golden age for independent games. Enter Vessel, the fluid based puzzler and first game from the liberated ex-EA employees over at Strange Loop Games. Vessel approaches the automation issue from a steampunk perspective, where liquid based lifeforms called fluros have been invented by the game’s protagonist, who looks a surprising amount like Bruce Campbell, M. Arkwright. These creatures have become prevalent in society, taking over the majority of factory and manual labor jobs in almost every industry. As the story progresses, you come to find out that these formerly mindless creatures have begun to evolve and pursue their own goals. In the process, they’ve stopped a multitude of important machines. Ever the scientist, Arkwright decides to investigate the fluros’ evolution, repair the machines and find a way to bridge the gap between humanity and the fluros. This story, like many indie games, is told in a very minimalistic way. There is no dialog, really, with the protagonist’s thoughts conveyed through journal entries that offer a small bit of insight into the game’s world – although they mostly exist to give you a basic rundown of the various mechanics that come into play. This leaves the real story, and especially the fairly surreal ending, mostly up to your interpretation. There are times where that can be a cop out, but this is not one of those times. I always found that games, and really all forms of entertainment, that use an “up to interpretation” story only work when the content is strong enough to prop it up, and Vessel’s certainly is. The gameplay here absolutely shines. Strange Loop created their own engine from the ground up in order to handle the fairly complex fluid physics present here, and the attention to detail shines. The engine’s ability to handle dynamic liquid simulation puts Vessel a sea apart from its competition. The multiple different liquids all flow, accumulate, evaporate and react in a completely logical manner. Containers can fill up, overflow and be emptied. Pretty much anything you can do with water, you need to do in Vessel to make your way through its large amount of varied, and progressively more difficult, puzzles. I can’t put enough emphasis on how well designed those puzzles really are. Vessel is very well paced, and the way it introduces the game’s concepts steadily is novel. It doesn’t give you many clues as to what you should do with the knowledge it gives you, and there aren’t any big red arrows or signs saying “HIT THIS BUTTON” or “MAKE STEAM HERE” so you’ll have to do all the leg work yourself. Like the minimalism in the story, the minimalism in feedback given to the player works because of the way the game is made. Of course, a scientist wouldn’t need, or even want, everything spelled out to him easily. He would want to experiment, document and improve on his methods to solve these problems. Vessel, and its emphasis on the player figuring out the interactions between not just fluros and the environment, but fluros and other fluros, is as close to the scientific method as we are going to see in a puzzler. These interactions between the various types of fluros, as well as the various types of material they can be made out of, comprise the bulk of the problem solving. Some levels will see you needing to open up a number of doors so you can place a fluro on a button, while others will need you to find ways for two fluros of differing materials to collide so that the gas or steam they create can open up a different area. It is quite a rewarding experience when you finally do get all your little water creatures and lava creatures and “You Can’t Do That on Television” slime creatures to do what you need them to do. Even Vessel’s aesthetics are exceptional. I always felt that, despite my “gameplay before graphics” attitude, it was the experiments with art direction indie games tend to take that really drew me to them originally. I was always a retro gamer. Even as games got more and more advanced, I still clung to my love of the 16 bit era. When the AAA console games started moving towards realism and billions of polygons, I was quite happy to find people creating 2D games still. The advancements in tech, and even in artistic ability, within the gaming industry have been so large that these 2D platformers and puzzlers end up looking just gorgeous. Vessel – with its colorful backgrounds and great lighting – is as good a looking as any indie game has ever been. The music even shines, as it features a number of pieces from well-known composer Jon Hopkins, all arranged adaptively. The music adjusts to what you are doing and it ends up adding so much to the game’s feel. While this all might sound entirely perfect, I have to burst the bubble a bit. There are some issues that show that Vessel is slightly wet behind the ears, with a handful of problems that break the fluidity of the game’s flow. Sorry, I’m way under my quota for liquid puns here. I have to catch up or else they revoke my membership to the Shitty Pun of the Month club. While the puzzles are legitimately among the most well designed I’ve seen in quite a while, the platforming elements fall a bit short. The controls aren’t always as responsive as you would like, and jumping can be a bit iffy in some situations. Also, for people who aren’t really used to using the brain pathways that lead to being good at puzzle games, Vessel’s lack of hand holding might be a significant barrier to enjoyment. Most stages are intuitive enough that you’ll figure it out, but some take a significant amount of experimenting. There are even a few that suffer from design choices, like one type of fluros that will follow you around and hit switches but is frustratingly slow, or a puzzle where you know exactly what you have to do but simply can’t get the fluros to cooperate. Compared to the rest of the game, these problems are barely spit in the ocean of awesomeness. Vessel is easily one of, if not the best, indie games of 2012 so far. It is well designed, gorgeous to look at, and incredibly entertaining. Strange Loops has created a game that is more coheisive than most, with absolutely everything – from the graphics to the music to the puzzles – combining to put emphasis on the setting and mood. It is even a good ‘bang for your buck’ purchase as it offers you around 10 to 12 hours of squirting entertainment, which would usually cost you way more if you were looking for squirting entertainment on the internet. Hell, I was so engrossed in it I pretty much sat down and played the whole thing in a single sitting. I really have to pee. Here’s the Rundown: + Well paced and intelligently designed puzzles with incredibly well done physics + Great to look at and listen to + Long for an indie game, and well worth the money - Lack of hints or overt direction could turn off some gamers - Occasional technical issues, including a save bug that is in need of a patch - Some puzzles can become frustrating due to hiccups with the fluros 8 and 8.5 represent a game that is a good experience overall. While there may be some issues that prevent it from being fantastic, these scores are for games that you feel would easily be worth a purchase. Vessel was developed by Strange Loop games and published by Indie Loop for the PC, and eventually for the XBLA and PSN . The game was released on March 1, 2012 with an MSRP of $14.99 on the PC. XBLA and PSN release dates have not been confirmed yet. The game was purchased by my main squeeze because she is a goth chick and thus immediately attracted to anything steampunk. It was played for around ten hours until completion. Specs of the PC used are as follows: Intel Core 2 Quad Q9550 @ 2.83ghz, Nvidia Geforce 570 GTX GPU, 8GB RAM, and Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit. I would write more but all this sloshing water is really taxing on my bladder.
Well you people don't live here. Bad enough we have to hear what a debacle of a season we are having. But if we lose to the Clowns twice, thats an embarrassment. If you want the Steelers to lose, anytime you are not a true fan. Cleveland Browns suck! I want to see the young guys too. So, starting dl should be heyward McClendon and Woods. Lb's should be Worilds, Sylvester and whoever else. CB's should be Brown and the backups S's Golden and Allen. The offense should sit Ben, Brown, Pouncey, Miller, and Starks if Adams is healthy. We have a lot of FA decisions this off season. sent from my Galaxy SIII using tapatalk 2 Basically you guys nailed it on the head ...young guys please ... I'm really interested in Sylvester ... I've always liked him and thought he could take away the need for the other ILB ... guess either I was wrong or like usual the DL defense is to complicated for 2-3 year players to get some time to prove what they have??? I would even go as far as releasing somebody and signing the QB Johnson we had in the pre season and let him play the last game ... see what he has Our feeling are still hurt because of this season, so there is a lot of emotion out here. . .Simple, last game of the year and potentially the last time we will see Hampton, Foote, Wallace/Sanders, Lewis, Mendenhall, Kiesel and Harrison in a Steelers uniform. This is Cleveland; let's just go out there and kick their Brown Stained a$$es all over Heinz field. End the season on a positive and hope that the GM and ownership make the necessary changes to make sure this underachieving season was simply a case of bad diarreah. Remember, if the Steelers go out and crap the sheets, this will stew in our bellies for upwards of 8 months. . .I'd rather end the season on a positive note. Tomlin, Lebeau and all the coaches are about to have some uncomfortable meetings in the next couple of weeks with management and that is precisely what we all want. The Steeler way...is the only way. Well, seeing as how they will be without Trent Richardson and their starting QB will be Thaddeus Lewis, I say I'd like to see them not score lol. Don't recognize Thaddeus Lewis' name? Oh he was the coveted undrafted QB out of Duke in 2010 by the Rams. He's never played a regular season game and has spent his career on the Rams' and Browns' practice squad. I hope they don't rest any starters. I'd like to see what the defense can dial up against the likes of Thaddeus Lewis lol. A lot of stains on the ground. Not ours. And their fans. Why get a better draft pick? So we can pick a stud pass rusher and watch him sit for three years because LeBeau's defense is too hard? There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
"Don't Stop Believing" has a whole different feel at the end of Glee than it did at the end of The Sopranos [More:]I got unexpectedly misty during the Glee finale. It's a great arrangement of the song. After years of thinking I only had Journey's greatest hits for cheesy nostalgia purposes I think I realized during the finale that it's just a great song. Then there are the cliches: the squabbling kids pulling together as a team, the evocative arm gestures. Finally, after acting like a bitch most of the episode, the female lead singer has a strong voice and looks at the male lead like she loves him. The song sold me on the show.
Barbara Ehrenreich – a Situationist Posted by The Situationist Staff on October 14, 2009 From a related Time Magazine article here’s a brief sample of her writing on the topic of optimism. * * * If you’re craving a quick hit of optimism, reading a news magazine is probably not the best way to go about finding it. As the life coaches and motivational speakers have been trying to tell us for more than a decade now, a healthy, positive mental outlook requires strict abstinence from current events in all forms. Instead, you should patronize sites like Happynews.com, where the top international stories of the week include “Jobless Man Finds Buried Treasure” and “Adorable ‘Teacup Pigs’ Are Latest Hit with Brits.” Or of course you can train yourself to be optimistic through sheer mental discipline. Ever since psychologist Martin Seligman crafted the phrase “learned optimism” in 1991 and started offering optimism training, there’s been a thriving industry in the kind of thought reform that supposedly overcomes negative thinking. You can buy any number of books and DVDs with titles like Little Gold Book of YES! Attitude, in which you will learn mental exercises to reprogram your outlook from gray to the rosiest pink: “affirmations,” for example, in which you repeat upbeat predictions over and over to yourself; “visualizations” in which you post on your bathroom mirror pictures of that car or boat you want; “disputations” to refute any stray negative thoughts that may come along. If money is no object, you can undergo a three-month “happiness makeover” from a life coach or invest $3,575 for three days of “optimism training” on a Good Mood Safari on the coast of New South Wales. . . . * * * Americans have long prided themselves on being “positive” and optimistic — traits that reached a manic zenith in the early years of this millennium. Iraq would be a cakewalk! The Dow would reach 36,000! Housing prices could never decline! Optimism was not only patriotic, it was a Christian virtue, or so we learned from the proliferating preachers of the “prosperity gospel,” whose God wants to “prosper” you. In 2006, the runaway bestseller The Secret promised that you could have anything you wanted, anything at all, simply by using your mental powers to “attract” it. The poor listened to upbeat preachers like Joel Osteen and took out subprime mortgages. The rich paid for seminars led by motivational speakers like Tony Robbins and repackaged those mortgages into securities sold around the world. . . . * * * Below are some excerpts from the introduction of her new book explaining that, optimism notwithstanding, Americans are not necessarily better off. * * * Surprisingly, when psychologists undertake to measure the relative happiness of nations, they routinely find that Americans are not, even in prosperous times and despite our vaunted positivity, very happy at all. A recent meta-analysis of over a hundred studies of self-reported happiness worldwide found Americans ranking only twenty-third, surpassed by the Dutch, the Danes, the Malaysians, the Bahamians, the Austrians, and even the supposedly dour Finns. In another potential sign of relative distress, Americans account for two-thirds of the global market for antidepressants, which happen also to be the most commonly prescribed drugs in the United States. To my knowledge, no one knows how antidepressant use affects people’s responses to happiness surveys: do respondents report being happy because the drugs make them feel happy or do they report being unhappy because they know they are dependent on drugs to make them feel better? Without our heavy use of antidepressants, Americans would likely rank far lower in the happiness rankings than we currently do. When economists attempt to rank nations more objectively in terms of “well-being,” taking into account such factors as health, environmental sustainability, and the possibility of upward mobility, the United States does even more poorly than it does when only the subjective state of “happiness” is measured. The Happy Planet Index, to give just one example, locates us at 150th among the world’s nations. * * * But of course it takes the effort of positive thinking to imagine that America is the “best” or the “greatest.” Militarily, yes, we are the mightiest nation on earth. But on many other fronts, the American score is dismal, and was dismal even before the economic downturn that began in 2007. Our children routinely turn out to be more ignorant of basic subjects like math and geography than their counterparts in other industrialized nations. They are also more likely to die in infancy or grow up in poverty. Almost everyone acknowledges that our health care system is “broken” and our physical infrastructure crumbling. We have lost so much of our edge in science and technology that American companies have even begun to outsource their research and development efforts. Worse, some of the measures by which we do lead the world should inspire embarrassment rather than pride: We have the highest percentage of our population incarcerated, and the greatest level of inequality in wealth and income. We are plagued by gun violence and racked by personal debt. While positive thinking has reinforced and found reinforcement in American national pride, it has also entered into a kind of symbiotic relationship with American capitalism. There is no natural, innate affinity between capitalism and positive thinking. In fact, one of the classics of sociology, Max Weber’s Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism, makes a still impressive case for capitalism’s roots in the grim and punitive outlook of Calvinist Protestantism, which required people to defer gratification and resist all pleasurable temptations in favor of hard work and the accumulation of wealth. But if early capitalism was inhospitable to positive thinking, “late” capitalism, or consumer capitalism, is far more congenial, depending as it does on the individual’s hunger for more and the firm’s imperative of growth. The consumer culture encourages individuals to want more — cars, larger homes, television sets, cell phones, gadgets of all kinds — and positive thinking is ready at hand to tell them they deserve more and can have it if they really want it and are willing to make the effort to get it. Meanwhile, in a competitive business world, the companies that manufacture these goods and provide the paychecks that purchase them have no alternative but to grow. If you don’t steadily increase market share and profits, you risk being driven out of business or swallowed by a larger enterprise. Perpetual growth, whether of a particular company or an entire economy, is of course an absurdity, but positive thinking makes it seem possible, if not ordained. In addition, positive thinking has made itself useful as an apology for the crueler aspects of the market economy. If optimism is the key to material success, and if you can achieve an optimistic outlook through the discipline of positive thinking, then there is no excuse for failure. The flip side of positivity is thus a harsh insistence on personal responsibility: if your business fails or your job is eliminated, it must because you didn’t try hard enough, didn’t believe firmly enough in the inevitability of your success. As the economy has brought more layoffs and financial turbulence to the middle class, the promoters of positive thinking have increasingly emphasized this negative judgment: to be disappointed, resentful, or downcast is to be a “victim” and a “whiner.” * * * For a sample of related Situationist posts, see “Self-Serving Biases,” “The Motivated Situation of Inequality and Discrimination,” “Thanksgiving as “System Justification”?,” “Cheering for the Underdog,” “Ayn Rand’s Dispositionism: The Situation of Ideas,” “Deep Capture – Part X,” “Promoting Dispositionism through Entertainment – Part I, Part II, & Part III,” “The Unconscious Situation of our Consciousness – Part IV,” and “The (Unconscious) Situation of our Consciousness – Part III.”
News of Riverton, Lander and Fremont County, Wyoming, from the Ranger's award winning journalists. Yellowstone winter season ending Feb 28, 2013 - The Associated Press YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK -- Yellowstone National Park's winter season is drawing to a close this week. Park roads that serve commercially guided snowmobile and snow coach travel to Yellowstone locations will be closed in stages beginning Friday, when the East Entrance will close at 9 p.m. Over-snow travel into the park from Mammoth Hot Springs will end at 9 p.m. Sunday. Old Faithful will remain accessible from both the West and South Entrances until March 15, when all remaining interior parks roads will close for the season. At Old Faithful, the Snow Lodge and Cabins will close for the winter season on Sunday. The Geyser Grill, Bear Den Gift Shop and the Old Faithful Visitor Education Center will remain open through March 15.
LISBON, Mar 22 (IPS) - The huge impact of the economic crisis on male employment in Portugal has led to a sharp increase in the proportion of women who have become the main breadwinners in their families. But that has not translated into progress towards equality. "Today there is more male unemployment than female, because the crisis has especially affected the civil construction industry," said Anália Torres, a professor at the Technical University of Lisbon's Higher Institute of Social and Political Sciences. "With less economic activity in that industry, which traditionally employs men, the male unemployment rate has climbed, while in sectors that generally employ women, unemployment grew much less," Torres said in an interview with IPS. The European Commission expects unemployment in Portugal to reach 17.3 percent in 2013. But opposition parties and trade unions project a rate of 24 percent. Professor Anália Torres at the Technical University of Lisbon's Higher Institute of Social and Political Sciences. Credit: Mario Queiroz/IPS The gap between the figures is explained by the thousands of people who have stopped registering at the government employment centres or have moved abroad, mainly to other European countries or to the former Portuguese colonies of Brazil, Angola, Mozambique or Macau. Among those who only have a primary school education, "the woman always earns less than the man," Torres said. "And as the educational level increases, the difference between the incomes of men and women grows. A woman with a doctorate earns much less than a man (with the same degree)." In areas like education and health, where women earn 20 percent less than men, it is men who are most often laid off "because they are more expensive." Another factor that puts women in the position of bringing home the bacon "is that many remunerated activities carried out by women are in the informal economy, undeclared or unskilled work, such as cleaning or babysitting in the homes of the well-off," the academic said. In Portugal, the 1961-1974 colonial war in the country's overseas territories in Africa – Angola, Guinea-Bissau and Mozambique – "led to large numbers of women replacing men (in the workplace)," Torres said. Since then, "the idea of the working woman who helps support her family has remained in place," she added. During the war, Portugal maintained a permanent force of 220,000 military troops – an enormous figure compared to a population at the time of 8.8 million (10.6 million today). In the 1960s, one million people from Portugal moved abroad for economic reasons or to avoid being sent to war in Africa. Women, Torres said, "took on a central role in a country with very few men of working age." Nevertheless, "the predominant sexism persisted, and men continue to make a show of unacceptable machismo today," she said. "By refusing to help do things around the home on the argument that ‘I am a man, I don't do that kind of work', which also causes serious domestic violence problems, men show that the sexist culture is still in place." Women are sometimes the target of violence, often with tragic results, because many men "base their masculinity on their wage-earning power, even though both men and women have been working and supporting the family for a long time now in Portugal," Torres added. Between January and November 2012, 30 women were killed in Portugal by their partners or ex-partners, according to UMAR, one of the largest women's organisations in the country. That makes Portugal the country with the largest number of femicides – gender-related murders – in the European Union, in proportion to the population. But "working is also a kind of insurance against machismo, in the sense of women being aware that they are making a living and don't need men," Torres said. Sociologist and researcher Sofia Aboim of the University of Lisbon's Institute of Social Sciences said that in the last eight years, the proportion of couples in which the woman is the main breadwinner has risen from two to 16.5 percent. It is "obvious" that many men "have suffered a strong blow to their self-esteem, because their masculinity is traditionally associated closely with supporting the family," she wrote in the newspaper Público about the conclusions of a study on the subject. Aboim said this situation was seen especially in couples with low levels of education and in older couples, especially between the ages of 51 and 65. But Torres said discrimination against women is also deeply rooted among more educated segments of the population, even though "there are many women with excellent educations - teachers and professors, for instance." In general, "the highest-level posts are filled by men, even though, for example in the academic world, studies show that there is no difference in the production of research or articles. But women are not heads of institutes and are not on the boards of universities, with very few exceptions," she said. One big exception is the Centre for Judicial Studies, which provides training for future judges and prosecutors. Because the centre accepts lawyers on the basis of competitive examinations, "80 percent of those who have been accepted for training as magistrates in the last decade were women, because they scored higher than men." The problems plaguing Portugal affect everyone, "but in the crisis, women face greater difficulties, aggravated in cases in which their husbands are unemployed, because they still have to take everything on their shoulders. "The worst thing about this government (of conservative Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho) is its complete insensitivity and indifference towards the plight of the people," Torres said. This is especially serious in Portugal and other countries where sexism is predominant, she said, because "if a woman has work and her partner does not, she continues to do the housework, unlike what occurs in other places, where men participate in the housework when they are unemployed." © Inter Press Service (2013) — All Rights ReservedOriginal source: Inter Press Service Latest News Headlines Read the latest news stories: - U.S. Strategy on Water, Development a “Major Advance” Wednesday, May 22, 2013 - Stressed Ecosystems Leaving Humanity High and Dry Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - Organic Cooperative Proves that Agriculture Can Prosper in Cuba Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - Indigenous Brazilians Learn to Fight for the Right to Food Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - Seeking Justice for Dictatorship Victims – Two Continents Apart Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - Tackling Crime Takes on Import As Urban Populations Rise Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - Q&A: Guantanamo 'Has No Right to Exist' Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - UNFPA Focuses on Contraception for 222 Million in Developing World Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - Caribbean Farming Gets Its Roots Wet Tuesday, May 21, 2013 - Zimbabwe’s Ruling Party Militias Spread Fear of Voting Tuesday, May 21, 2013
A KODA Distribution Group company, Monson Companies, Inc., has become the preferred link connecting manufacturers and purchasers of chemical products as well as servicing their logistical needs throughout our geography. We have been a significant presence for more than 35 years, continuously expanding our capabilities and our technical expertise. Today, along with our broad spectrum of high-quality products, we're proud to offer a level of professional service you won't find anywhere else. We believe in building strong customer relationships by helping you solve your problems, understanding your goals, anticipating your needs and making our resources your resources. Our original company, Monson Chemicals, was founded in 1965. In the late eighties and early nineties we acquired Lovezzola-Ward Company and Washburn-Linder & Company, both specialty chemical distributors. In 1996 the purchase of the Industrial Division of W.H. Shurtleff in Portland, ME further broaden our capabilities with ice-melting and inorganic chemical products. Then in 2004 we purchased the Contractor Division of Shurtleff. Shurtleff and Washurn-Linder can each trace their roots back to the 1800's! The newest member of our Company, Lenape Industries, acquired in 2006, offers specialty chemicals in plastics, coatings and personal care markets.
PARKERSBURG - Despite the economic downturn of the past few years and rising and falling fuel prices each year, local officals believe local tourism has responded positively for the most part. The summer season in the Mid-Ohio Valley includes a variety of pubic events, tourism locations and other activities for people living in the local area and those visiting from elsewhere. Attendance has remained generally positive for events like the area homecoming festivals, fairs and other events, while attractions like Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park continue to see people interested in visiting. Despite rising and falling gasoline prices over the last few years, local tourism attractions and events have reported positive attendance and are looking forward to a good summer this year. Matthew Baker recently was named as the new superintendent for Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park. Baker spent the last two years as superintendent of Cooper's Rock State Park near Morgantown and spent the five years prior to that as assistant superintendent at Blennerhassett Island. From his own experiences, Baker believes increases in fuel costs have actually brought about increases in attendance and usage at the local state parks. In both locations over the past four years, he said he saw fewer out-of-state visitors making use of the parks, but that was offset by an increased usage by in-state residents and those who live in the immediate region. Baker believes the "stay-cation" trend of the last several years is continuing. "Not only are state parks close to home, they offer very economical activities," he said, citing camping as the most common example. In his last two years at Cooper's Rock, which offers camping, Baker said he saw a lot of return visitors, but also saw a lot of new people who have turned away from long-distance vacations to see what is available in their home territory and are giving it a try. Teresa Turner, executive director of the Belpre Area Chamber of Commerce which organizes the Belpre Homecoming Festival, said she has been finding that people aren't traveling as far, so they are more interested in finding out what is available to do within their local communities and regions. "We haven't really noticed anything being down due to gas prices," she said. This year's Belpre Homecoming will be Aug. 2-4 at Civitan Park in Belpre. Turner said attendance has remained positive for the event, even when the economic downturn was at its worst locally about three years ago. While the general recovery has been slow, Turner is expecting that positive trend to continue this year during the summer tourism season. "I think it's going to be a fantastic year," she said of this year's homecoming. Mark Lewis, president of the Greater Parkersburg Convention and Visitors Bureau, said he hasn't seen any specific trends regarding the impact of fuel prices on local tourism and he doesn't think there is enough data at this point. However, one piece of data involving increased hotel stays in the area does seem to be a positive indicator for the local area. Lewis said the CVB reported there were 17,174 room nights reported for this May compared to 16,289 for May 2011. Year-to-date, room nights through the end of May were 71,122 compared to 64,944 last year, a 9.51 percent increase year to date. Since the downturn has been going on for four years, Lewis thinks people are adjusting to the prices. He believes there is a lot of pent-up demand for travel for many people and at this point thinks people are more willing to make travel plans with less concern about fuel costs and similar issues than the past few years. He is optimistic due to the increased room sales for the local season. "We're looking forward to a positive tourism season," Lewis said.
Many of you reading this are over the age of 27. Why is this important you ask, well of late Gaila and I have been trying hostels to save money. I think the average age is about 22 to 25 but who knows. Haven’t really asked, just observing. But safe to say I have definitely been one of the more “seasoned” guests at all the ones we have stayed at. You know what? Who cares! Truth is we have had very nice stays. Just like we have couchsurfing, camping and cheap hotels. I must admit, some of the hotel stays have been less than pleasant. Some down right disgusting to be perfectly honest. Part of The Bad, if you will. While writing this I am curled up in a hammock on the Pacific Ocean hugging the Nicaraguan coast just west of Leon. We are doing a weekend stay here at Quartzal Playa Hostel http://playa.quetzaltrekkers.org/ after two awesome nights at Lazybones Hostel http://www.lazyboneshostelnicaragua.com/?lg=En in Leon. I really am liking the vibe. Not only do we have clean and functional rooms, but we are getting for well under $30 for private rooms. If you are willing to do the dorm thing, most are in the $7 to $15 dollars a night range. Best of all however are the locations and the facilities. In Leon it was all about location, patio and pool. Here it is the garden, hammocks and ocean waves. Yes, we change the age curve, but who cares! Most of you are young at heart too and can get a dose of youthful enthusiasm from the 20 something guests. We are. We did a couple in the US and they were fine, but I think our expectations were wrong. Now that we are south of the border these relaxed accommodations seem to fit right in. Now, before you think everyone is wet behind the ears, that is simply not true. Last night we shared the Lazybones with a few German couples that were definitely in their late 50′s or 60′s. Even a family with a small 1 1/2 year old baby were there with us. They, like us were in the private rooms. Our motorcycle friends Mark from Idaho on KLR, Marco from Canada on F650GS single and Pedro from Redmond https://www.facebook.com/pages/Redmond-to-Rio/523014447726275 with his Vstrom DL1000 all elected to do the dorms and save even more money. Since you can’t sleep together those are not the best options for us. Four things impress me about the hostel experience: 1. Better than expected rooms 2. Super friendly people excited to have interesting conversations (not to mention Gringos) 3. Cheap food and beverages 4. They are well connected with the locals and can set you up with good tours, adventures & etc. OK, 5 things…just a general sense of happiness and well being. Yes it is true most are backpacking, but even the older folks we met in Honduras and here too all seem to have the same zest for life and inquisitive souls. As such, my advice is this: If you are young hurry up and get out there as the world is waiting for you. If you are middle aged and strapped for cash at the moment and who isn’t, then just go this budget route you will be happy you did. Indeed, at the moment I am sitting between a 30 something couple from North Carolina, 20 somethings from Germany and some 50ish ladies from somewhere TBD. If you are perhaps retired, use this as a way to stretch your financial resources and get a shot of youthful enthusiasm at the same time. All of the hostel hosts have been super gracious and very helpful. Telling us about hidden gems like Canyon Somoto and others. Today is yet another day in paradise and I sure am looking forward to our tree house hostel near Granada. After that, we will be looking for our next deal on Isla de Ometepe (a two volcano island in the middle of Lake Nicaragua) then Costa Rica and Panama! Oooooops, almost forgot to mention hostel in Honduras which is sort of a hotel/hostel/brewery. Seriously, if you get a chance go to D&D Brewery. What a unique place and Bobbie the guy that owns and runs is really excellent. Here are some that we have stayed at so far and can fully endorse & recommend: Lastly, Lonely Planet is full of good suggestions that have been pretty spot on as far as we are concerned. Travel well, with or without lots of money.
Understanding the Small Family Business Edited by Denise Fletcher Published August 8th 2002 by Routledge – 240 pages It is estimated that family businesses comprise between 60-90 % of all firms in Europe and the United States. This book makes an important contribution to the understanding of small family firms by bringing together a number of key themes in management/organisation studies. Reviewing a range of theoretical approaches, examining key literature and drawing from an international range of primary research, it also points to the future of research in this arena, and indicates how support and policy initiatives may be directed in the future. Part 1: The Rationality Discourse in Studies of the Small, Family Business Part 2: A Resource-Based Discourse in Studies of the Small, Family Business Part 3: A Critical Discourse in Studies of the Small, Family Business Denise E. Fletcher is Senior Lecturer at Nottingham Business School, teaching Business Development, Entrepreneurship and Research Methodology in the MBA and Masters programmes. She has also taught on small business and entrepreneurship courses delivered in Greece, France, Poland the Czech Republic and Kenya. Over the last ten years Dr. Fletcher has been working will small companies through a variety of research projects addressing business development issues in small firms. Her research interests also extend to family firms and her doctoral thesis was on the topic of strategic change issues in the small, family business. She has participated extensively in European workships, conferences and research projects, and has published widely in the small business literature.
Blogger: Steve Rowland, Public Affairs Manager Spring seemed a long way off last week as I took my lunchtime walk through the woods, the leaves on the trees were yet to unfurl, the ground was bare and covered in a mulch of last autumns dead leaves, and a light, cold wintry rain drizzled down. And yet I realised that my mind had picked up on the subtle changes in the quality of light and drawing out of the days. I became aware of a slight tightness in my ears, an unconscious straining and heightened alertness to the bird song around me. And I thought that after more Springs as a birder than I care to remember, my brain was quietly and unobtrusively saying to my ears to be alert for couple of unremarkable notes of bird song one up followed repetitively by another down, up and down in short bursts, from a bird that takes its name from these two notes of song, the chiff chaff. (photo below). Naming a bird after the sound it makes is known as onomatopoeia and two other species that occur in the UK the cuckoo and the kittiwake also take their names from their calls. I will acknowledge here that chiff chaffs are not blessed with the most captivating of names or musical of songs. But for me they compensate for that with the charisma that comes from being the first of our returning migrants to fill our bare Spring woods with their song, perhaps a month before the other returning warblers have got back from a winter spent south of the Sahara. Chiff chaffs like many of our other warblers, might at a glance appear a little drab and indistinct. In particular at first you might easily confuse a chiff chaff with its close relative the willow warbler. (photo below). A rough guide to telling them apart is that a willow warblers legs are a light flesh colour whilst a chiff chaffs are black and a chiff chaffs has a more olive coloured plumage (being a birder you carry a veritable colour palette in your head to describe shades of green and brown feathers). But the surest way to tell these cousins apart is to listen to them singing. Compared to the chiff chaffs repetitive two notes, willow warblers have a to my mind a much nicer song, a lovely tinkling sound that seems to gently descend a set of musical scales before being hauled by the bird back to the top only to descend down them once more. Willow warblers arrive from their wintering grounds in Africa a little later in the spring than chiff chaffs which tend to spend the winter in the Mediterranean. So my brain wasn't tipping my ears off to listen out for a willow warbler practicing its scales, but for that starting gun of the season, a simple two note Chiff then Chaff song that would light up the woods and put a smile on my face, a sign of the end of winter and the beginning of natures headlong rush into spring. I didn’t hear a chiff chaff last week but I’ll be out again for a lunchtime walk in the woods this week, listening carefully for those two notes. If you have some time to spare over the next week or so why don’t you go out and see if you can hear a chiff chaff and then tell us here. Photos credit John Bridges (rspb-images.com) Blogger: Kate Blincoe, Communications Manager Look out of your window. The catkins are swaying in the spring breeze, the blue tit is hunting out caterpillars for its young family and an early bumblebee buzzes by. Nature is busy all around us. What if pound signs were flashing over all these beautiful, natural events? If you look on these living things as paid workers for us then the catkins tree is capturing carbon, the blue tit is performing pest control on your garden and the bumblebee is a professional pollinator. All these creatures are in fact performing tiny actions that in sum, add up to a healthy environment and hence healthy economy. In simple terms, if they didn’t do it for free, we’d have to pay to find a technical replacement. Let’s look at some of the massive ways in which we benefit financially from nature. Carefully managed wetlands reduce the risk of flooding to our homes and businesses. Salt marshes, such wonderful habitats, provide protection from sea level rise, acting like big sponges. Forests and peat bogs store carbon for us, helping in the battle against climate change. The list doesn’t end there: It is estimated that one third of the human food supply depends on insect pollination, most of which is accomplished by bees pollinating crops. Of course, beautiful places with charismatic wildlife also equal booming tourism and lots of visitor spend – especially in our stunning region. What about you and me and a walk together in the bluebell woods? Does that have pound signs attached to it? Yes. It will reduce our stress levels, increase our heart rates and hence improve our health. It’s a proven fact that nature is good news for the NHS budgets. For children, time spent in nature can even improve their behaviour and performance at school. As a bit of a nature loving ‘tree hugger’, a part of me screams at this reduction of wonder and marvel to pounds and pennies. Wildlife means so much more than that and has a basic, intrinsic right to exist. I believe that is the case, however, when so many political arguments are made in financial terms, it doesn’t do us any harm to be able to speak that language too. In a troubled economy, the need for a new development or construction project is often justified by saying growth is critical for our financial future. However, if we trash our special habitats and lose incredible species then, even in crude monetary terms, we risk jeopardising so much more than we gain. We overlook the function that the environment plays in our economy at our peril. The bottom line is this: We need nature more than it needs us. Article in Eastern Daily Press on Saturday 10 March 2012. Photo by Mark Sisson (rspb-images.com) Blogger: Jane Warren, RSPB in the East Green Team As we edge along towards spring in the Northern Hemisphere, it’s worth sparing a thought for the climate. Today is the beginning of Climate Change Week (12-18 March), and there are easy ways for us all to get involved. Many of us are already doing our bit, but it’s always good to be reminded! So here are three things to do this week: Get cooking with Climate Week cuisine: Make food part of the solution to climate change by eating a low carbon meal during Climate Week. Just follow one or all of these three tips: eat less meat or dairy, eat local and seasonal ingredients, and eat leftovers. Walk, cycle or use public transport: Use Climate Week as an opportunity to use more sustainable ways to get to where you are going. Take the train or bus instead of driving. Take advantage of the spring weather (!) and walk or cycle, getting some additional exercise! Swap, recycle or upcycle old things: Eliminate waste by finding a second life for things that would otherwise be thrown away. Host an event to swap unwanted items, such as books, toys or clothes, with friends or colleagues. Recycle unusual things like batteries, or electrical goods such as old mobile phones. You can even recycle through Ebay, by taking up the RSPB’s Ebay for charity challenge. Do you have something lurking in a loft, back room, garage or shed? Something that you know has some saleable value but you have never got around to selling? This could be your chance to do just that and step up for nature at the same time! Please do get in touch with suggestions of what you might have to sell, and we can check if it is worth us getting our fabulous Ebay volunteers to sell it on the auction site for us. Please do not send anything to us without checking first and please note that we can’t accept electrical goods! (It’s worth repeating that so that our collector Matt Howard isn’t locked in the cellar as punishment along with the potential deluge of books, CDs, DVDs, autographed Barry Manilow LPs etc.) Matt is looking forward to hearing from you at email@example.com Tel: 01603 697515. Our thanks to Climate Week for ideas and tips. Check out their website at www.climateweek.com and get inspired to create a sustainable future! Blogger: Gena Correale-Wardle, Community Fundraising Officer Do you remember in January when I blogged about the great partnership the RSPB had with Dozen Artisan Bakery and Pulse Cafe Bar, two great independent eateries in Norwich? I bet you’ve been waiting with baited breath to see how we got on.... Well, today I went to see the lovely manager of Pulse, Helen, as she presented us with a great big cheque (literally – see the photo!) for £86.50. That equates to 173 starters, mains and desserts eaten in aid of the RSPB. Dozen Artisan Bakery sold their field loaves for nature too – another £91 and 91 satisfied tummies and smiles on faces! Wouldn’t it be nice if all fundraising could be that easy?! The lovely people at both outlets also hosted pin badge boxes and gave out lots of leaflets to promote Big Garden Birdwatch, raising awareness of the project as well as raising even more money (over £40) through pin badge donations. A win-win all round! We are really glad to work with such great local, independent businesses in the area and hope we can do more with them in future. We are always looking for ways to get businesses involved throughout the whole of the Eastern England region so if you have any links or want to promote your business and raise money for nature in the process, do get in touch! The money raised will help the RSPB save and protect wildlife supporting schools and families through field teaching programmes and schools visits as well as directly managing habitats for wildlife at our amazing nature reserves. Thank you to all of you who ate great food and saved nature at the same time. Here’s to more fab little initiatives like this in the future! Email me at firstname.lastname@example.org or call me on 01603 697521. Blogger: Adam Murray, Communications Officer Last June you may have remembered my Swift, Swallows & House martins - I am a bit clueless blog post, well just as think I have nailed some of my bird ID skills I recently went on my hols to Osea Island. We went as a family with my brother and his gang and spent the time walking the island when the causeway (as seen on the Woman in Black movie) was covered by the tide. The island was a perfect tonic as there were no modern day distractions that seem to fill our free time usually. This meant that we had an excuse of not doing very much at all – just what I needed after the crazy hustle bustle of the RSPB Eastern Region office in Norwich. Each day we would spend many hours in wellies walking the island. In the interior we spotted dancing flocks of skylarks, eyeing foxes in the distance and then the adventurers inside us would walk alongside the beaches and salt marshes to circumnavigate our little piece of Essex. If we were lucky enough to get the tides right we would see vast numbers of birds coming into feed or queuing up ready for the seafood frenzy. The rest of my family were happy to spot a “funny looking goose” or distinctive oyster catcher with their carrot beaks. I on the other hand, trained zoologist and bitten by the RSPB bug, realised that I wasn’t just seeing a few species of animals out there on the mud flats but dozens – all ever so slightly different. However, this is my question to you – how on earth are you supposed to tell the difference? I am now going to give it a go. The keen ones amongst you, feel free to correct me, I won’t take it personally ;) Dunlin: Little fella, grey wings, white belly, slightly curved beak Turnstone: Little, black wings, white belly, red legs Common sandpiper: brown body, straight beak, black eye stripe Curlew sandpiper: if you squidged the two sandpipers together Green sandpiper: dark, white bellied sandpiper that is not green Grey plover: a more speckly version of a turnstone Curlew: This one I get, bendy beak and big as a chicken! Redshank: Medium sized, red legs and red beak near face Spotted redshank: red legs, black top beak, red lower beak So, can you see why I was confused. It doesn't help that when I was reading the information on my RSPB i-phone app it told me that these are the winter plumages of these birds - so as new species come in for the summer I will have to learn this all over again. I did however figure out that the bird call I has associated with the wilds of southern Ireland ( a previous family holiday) was not the charismatic oyster catcher but the close neighbours the curlew. I guess the beauty of this whole thing is now, once I get my eye in, I realise how many different species find the eerie and beautiful Essex coast a perfect tonic, just what they need.
Companies do sometime make bad decisions. One of the worse bad decision it might bet the company on something that did not pay off. It is part of the risk companies take. However, when it involves selling off part of the business that you are famous and in the lead for because it is dull and to pursue more sexy business that the company is not in the lead, that will not be sound decision. One knows one is doing it if there is a lot of opposition or surprise when one announces the decision. I call this selling off the crown jewels. So far, of the three examples I heard of in the tech industry, two failed, and one is not doing as well as it would. The first example is Marconi. It decided to sell its defense and wireless equipment business to concentrate on the telecommunication business. That was made at the height of dot-com boom and almost tanked the company when it burst. Today we have the second example in HP. When one thinks of HP, one thinks of its test equipment business mainly, followed by electronic parts business. Computers? Not in a million years. When Fiorina tried to sell off the crown jewel to concentrate on computers. That shocked a lot of people. It met opposition from at least one descendent of the company’s founder. Unfortunately for HP, it happened. Today, we heard that it is throwing away the computer business to concentrate on the IT business. That’s a sad situation for a company that sold its crown jewel. Probably the only lucky thing is the spin out company that got HP’s crown jewels, Agilent Technology, is still a leader in the field. The example that is not doing that well is Motorola. It’s well known for its semiconductor business. Telecommunication equipment? We know it exists but a world leader? No. After the spin off the business to Freescale Semiconductor to concentrate on telecommunication, Motorola’s finances were up and down. Unlike Marconi or HP, at least it has its high moment when Motorola Razr was the rage and the spinning off of its crown jewels looks like it might be paying off. Today, like the other two, it is a shadow of itself, having split itself yet again and sold the mobile business to Google recently. The new, diminished HP and Motorola now wants to emulate IBM by concentrating on business computing solution. That field of business computing, i.e., the place I lump consultancy, software writing and large scale computing equipment purchase together, seems to be a favourite dumping ground for companies past its former glory. Incidentally, in case you are asking, IBM did not sell off its crown jewels, it simply lose it to competition.
Aren't we all just loving the grief that the FTC is giving Kinder Morgan? This is causing a huge readjustment of assets and debt and making us all nervous. Reminds me of my retirement last year.... I just had to walk away from the work world and leave it up to the younger people to figure it all out now. So let all of them and the regulators do the hasseling about this and let us know in about another year or 2 how it turns out. America seems to have fallen in love with regulation, or at least they voted for it in 2008. Makes us wonder why we started this whole purchase of El Paso in the first place....adding and subtracting assets and debt all over the country. Regulation is just wonderful. And to other posters about the GP taking 50% of the cash flow and then we get the other 50%: we get the declared distribution rate and that's the deal that we pay for. Love it or leave it. If Kmp was selling at half the price, we would then be getting the same rate on our investment as double that 50%. So the fault is the current purchase price....it gives a distributon rate of about 6%. But most anybody knows that the standard rate of return on most business including pipelines is above 10%. Limited partners in our case only get the declared agreed rate depending upon when we purchased the shares. further, on acceptable distribution rate, if you had bought Kmp like I began doing in 2009 when it was below 50, you would now be getting over 10% rate of return on your investment, more with reinvested shares. That is why the analysts have been saying lately that it is the future growth rate of the rate of pay out that will make the biggest difference in your stock shares. Regulations are a neccessary evil. No one likes them, but we can't have a society without them. Would you like Nuclear Industry without NRC? Don't forget defunding of regulatory oversight was the cause of Credit Default Swaps run amock. Look at it as a cost of doing business, you pay for Insurance not because you want to collect on it, but because things happen when there is no one monitoring. Many died operating Boilers till ASME framed rules and regulations, how would you feel if there was no EPA and chemicals dumped to pollute your groundwater. Sadly, we hear the negatives of how regulators prevented progress, but we never hear the catastrophe they prevent. Republicans love to criticise regulations I consider them opportunistic by telling you they do nothing. have we not had enough BANK and FINANCIAL disasters yet? The difference between the Russian nuclear explosion, the Japanese nuclear meltdowns, and Three Mile Island meltdown is levels of regulation. And even though the US meltdown ended OK, the regulations were increased and will continue to be. Some regs. like the diesel exhaust go too far too fast and industry can't keep up. Diesel cars were pulled from the market and Navistar still has to pay a fine for each new engine it ships until they find a fix to meet the new regs. I've heard little data was used to set the exact level picked. If you are a gas producer in the Rockies and want to ship your gas to distant markets, you'd have three main choices: Rockies Express, CIG, or Ruby. All currently owned by Kinder Morgan. Antitrust laws have been on the books for over 100 years, and would have dictated the same result if KMI's situation had arisen 50 years ago. Don't blame current government. Thank Teddy Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson, etc. Richard Kinder never thought for one moment that certain asset dispositions would not be necessary regarding the EP acquisition.
Why? A 30% short term gain isn't enough? Bulls make money; bears make money; pigs get slaughtered. Any idiot who sold is just that. Did anyone notice how much money the company actually made? Brown is doing what he gets paid to do; err on the side of caution. This is a short sellers manipulation, I wouldn't be surprised if the stock recovers at least $2 from its lows today by the close, and will be back to close to 60 by the end of next month. BTW, I bought 10,000 shares of MSI after the split. I'm not selling. I'm buying. A friend of mine who works at the SEC said more Wall Street thugs will be going to jail. I expect the GS analyst who trashed HP yesterday to be indicted within 6 months. See this story for evidence that the feds are cracking down, and cracking down HARD! Actually I bought 25,000 shares of HPQ at $14/share. I'm far ahead. But GS is a house full of currupt analysts and execs who eventually will get what's coming to them. JAIL TIME! Instead, buy HPQ. GS recommends sell of Hewlett Packard. Do the oppositie of what GS recommends. Their clients do. I just called a friend of mine at the SEC and asked her to investigate the analysts and executives at Goldman Sachs for possible insider trading regarding their downgrade today of HPQ to see how many of their clients and friends sold short the stock the last few weeks. My bet is that several people made a ton of money by recently shorting the stock. She is passing my request to the highest levels given today's precipitous drop. It's time that the fraudsters at Goldman stop getting slaps on the wrist for their illegal behavior, and start spending a decade or more in prison for their corruption. Watch for business news in the coming weeks. If you suspect insider trading, write or call the SEC today with your suspicions. It will expedite matters. I'm now back at 100,000 shares with an average price of 1.04. Here's how it works. You load up with as much as you can at around 1.00/share, and you unload it all at around 1.25.share. There's a pattern here. Every time the stock drops to a dollar/share or less, buyers like me come in. The stock gets pumped to around 1.30 or so, and we get out with a nice 25% gain. So' I've flip this stock 3 times now for $25k gains each time. It's a classic pump and dump stock. Don't EVER expect it to perform like a real company. It isn't. Yes, they make stuff; but only to make it lopk like a legitimate company. It's nothing more than a stock to play with. Buy now. Sell at 1.25. Have fun. I am. Watch today's shareholders meeting. There a chance some director's heads will roll. If so, HPQ could be up 10-15% tomorrow! There is nothing better than shareholder activism!
Jewish World Review August 30, 2002 / 22 Elul, 5762 http://www.NewsAndOpinion.com | If you haven't seen enough footage of the Twin Towers coming down, if you haven't heard enough back-stories of the people who were killed, if you haven't watched enough rock and roll singers and movie stars paying their respects, if you haven't cried enough tears, then stay tuned ... this coming September 11th is for you. There will be memorials...lots of memorials. Every radio and television channel will be honoring those who died last year. The networks will be doing 9-11 shows all day and all night. The cable channels will be going around the clock too. Every single station will be doing something, the Food Network, Court TV, MTV, Turner Classic Movies -- when I say every channel, I mean every channel. Every American city (and most major foreign cities) will be holding some sort of commemoration. There'll be marches, parades, testimonials, candlelight precessions, and moments of silence. There'll be fireworks and stirring patriotic songs. Drivers are being asked to turn on their headlights on the anniversary of that fateful morning. Politicians from the President to township councilmen will be all over the place giving speeches and unveiling memorials. When I typed "September 11 Anniversary" on the Google Internet search, it listed no less than 1,050,000 web sites! You have no idea the scope of 9-11 celebratory events. Every agency in the federal government has something going, not to mention all state and local governments. There are church memorials planed, Jewish memorials, Islamic memorials, even atheist memorials. Homosexual, lesbian and transgenered activities will be held to honor those homosexual, lesbian and transgenered victims of 9-11. Celebrities will be doing more specials to honor the victims and the victims' families. Music videos, symphony orchestras, poetry readings and sing-a-longs. There will be even more money collected for the families of the victims (when will there be enough, already?). We will see photos of the victims again. Hear their tragic stories again. We will remember the heroes and honor them again. People will cry again. We are in danger, actually, of drowning in our own tears. Remember September 11th? Has anyone in the world ever stopped remembering? It's good to remember, but maybe it's time to stop crying. We have just had a massive media blitz in commemoration of the 25th anniversary of Elvis Presley's "death day." This is a relatively new phenomenon. Yes, we have remembered Pearl Harbor on December 7th for decades, but we never embraced it to the extent that we embrace anniversaries of "death days" now. Thanks in part to television, we have become a society that wallows in it's tragedies. Even good intentions can be overdone. Meanwhile, we get closer to expanding our war on the Islamic terrorists that attacked us one year ago. Vice President Cheney has made it clear that the administration is preparing to liberate Iraq and take out Saddam Hussein. It's about time. In order to destroy terrorist networks like al Qaeda we need to overthrow the regimes that support them. As long as there are terrorist states like Iraq, Iran and Syria -- governments that harbor, train, and encourage terrorists -- we can never expect to completely succeed in our war against terror. The terrorists need to live somewhere -- we must do what is necessary to severely limit their housing options. If we really want to honor the memory of those who were incinerated last year we need to do something truly spectacular -- something that not only shows proper respect for their lives, but also sends a message to the world that all of America has taken their deaths extremely personally. Yes, we need to do something spectacular. Do we sing patriotic songs? Do we shoot off fireworks? Do we wave millions of American flags? Do we light 3,000 candles? Do we release 3,000 doves? Do we walk outside and hold hands with our neighbors? Do we weep collectively along with the victims' families? No -- none of the above. We've sung a year's worth of patriotic songs -- we finally know most of them by heart now. We've flown our flags from our homes, our cars, and our businesses until they became tattered and frayed -- then we bought more. We've worn our flag pins on our lapels and our hearts on our sleeves. We've heard the stories of horror and heroism. We've praised the firemen, the police, the military. We've given money to help the victims. We've gotten mad at the terrorists. We've cried and cried and cried. We've cried enough now. So how best to commemorate the first anniversary of the attack on September 11, 2001? How about with a triple-header -- simultaneous bombings of Baghdad, Damascus, and Teheran on September 11, 2002? Enjoy this writer's work? Why not sign-up for the daily JWR update. It's free. Just click here. JWR contributor Greg Crosby, former creative head for Walt Disney publications, has written thousands of comics, hundreds of children's books, dozens of essays, and a letter to his congressman. A freelance writer in Southern California, you may contact him by clicking here.
So first, my apologies for taking a month to write another post. The end of February was filled with craziness (read: my 32nd birthday) and March got off to a smashing start when I managed to slice my thumb open with a dull boxcutter blade and ended up in the hospital getting stitches. Plus there’s been basketball, and as a University of Kansas alum, it’s something akin to a religious experience. That said, I got the stitches out today, so I popped a bottle of wine when I got home. Here’s what I’m sipping right now: Region: Monterey County, CA Grapes involved: Merlot, Cab Sauv and Syrah Food pairings: The first thing that comes to mind is a turkey sandwich. You’ll see why. Otherwise, go for something that would work with a slightly sweeter red (*not* a *sweet* red, but an off-dry-ish red), like brie covered in berries or something. Plus, I’ve got this sort of obsession with any kind of Syrah blend and a hunk of fresh mozzarella. I don’t know, it’s just lovely. The wine, if it isn’t apparent in the photo, is a nifty pretty sort of mulberry color, bright and rich and jewel toned. It smells like cherries, carnations, a hint of pepper and lots of berries. It’s a fairly fruit-forward scent - not the raspberry jam bomb of a lot of Zins, but still pretty fruity. Tasting it, I get cranberry jelly. Absolute, total, no-questions-asked cranberry jelly. Hence the desire to put this with a turkey sandwich: my first few sips made me think of Thanksgiving like woah.* It’s got all the components: tons and tons of bright, tart, very red berry, a hint of clove and allspice, the barest hint of cinnamon, something reminiscent of orange peel. It’s backed up by a hint of vanilla (read: oak), a touch of rose petal and a bit of strawberry and red raspberry. The mouthfeel is soft and luscious and medium-bodied. So this is pretty much the consummate red blend that’s uber-popular right now. It’s bright and fruit-forward, slightly (but not overly) sweet, has very soft tannins, and is possessed of the requisite (sorry, y’all) annoying name.** *I missed Thanksgiving last year due to a badly-timed massive stomach bug, the details of which I won’t share here. So thinking of Thanksgiving makes me alternately really happy (because it’s my favorite holiday ever) and slightly sad (because I missed stuffing my facehole with stuffing last year and I still have 8 months to wait before the next Thanksgiving facehole-stuffing extravaganza). **I’m not kidding. Red Blends have some positively nonsensical names: Apothic, Hey Mambo, Rex Goliath Free Range Red, and (I wish I were kidding) Yellowtail Sweet Red Roo (y’all, my head about exploded. That said, the label resembles a bright red disco ball, and I am totally on board with that). I never thought I’d love Blackstone for anything, but the fact that they’ve named their red blend nothing more than “Red Blend” makes me adore them right now.
Thursday, 23 February 2012 Buzz words of the 90s and early 2000s “Excessive remuneration packages for executives can be corrosive" Guardian headline 30 Aug 2001. Do they mean divisive? Damaging? In text, “Uncontrolled excessive pay can be socially corrosive and undermine morale...” Makes more sense, but still not clear on what’s going to be corroded and why this is a bad thing. "The hounding of politicians by a cynical and corrosive media is a disaster for democracy” Guardian 10/28/2002 “A single item was on the agenda: how to deal with the corrosive allegations arising from the collapse of the Paul Burrell trial...” Independent Nov 16 02 Damaging? “It is four years of corrosive Bush Middle East policies, coming on top of decades of US incompetence and missed opportunities.” Arab News May 6 2004 Nasty? “The systematic spread of political correctness has a corrosive effect on our society.” Michael Howard Aug 2004 "Much of modern television is not only bad but socially corrosive, coarsening and brutalising viewers through its obsessions with sex, aggression and voyeurism, John Humphrys, the broadcaster, has declared." Telegraph website August 28, 2004 Perhaps he thinks it means “corrupting". “Isn’t it lazy or corrosive to slam a person or a thing just because they happen to have a public dimension?” Times June 4, 2005 The importation of New World gold into Spain coincided with a corrosive inflation that has come to be known as the "price revolution." snopes.com "As yet there are no political parties, raising fears that voting blocs will form along corrosive tribal lines." Guardian Dec 19 2005 Divisive? "The fact that the sea is presided over by lunatics who believe there should be commercial fishing in 100% of the sea breeds a culture that is corrosive." Charles Clover, 2006 So civilisation as we know it is going to be destroyed by commercial fishing... it's so obvious! faux for fake engagement/engage (engaging with issues - went by 2001) disengagement (went by 2001) overarching (Whatever happened to umbrella? Whatever happened to overarching?) ratchet up (eg ratchet up standards when you just mean "raise standards" (or, ridiculously, "ratchet down") shape (meaning influence) 1999 uber as prefix wrestling with (inner) demons (His demons returned to haunt him.) pushing the envelope blanking He blanks me. “I’m blanking the wheel.” Margaret Forster Evening Standard 2 Feb 00 cascade (gone by 2002) shadowy has come to mean "having sinister unseen forces/motives/organisations/people behind it" 2000 minded Judges, politicians “were minded” to do something (and Ken Livingstone still is January 11, 2007 and March 2007) visitor attraction for tourist trap levels The "situation" of the 90s/00s. (Still with us in 2003. Sigh. Going out, 2004? Still around 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012...) disorder American habit of adding ‘disorder’ to states of mind. Stress disorder, panic disorder, narcissistic personality disorder. A bit like "situation" but making sure you don’t assume stress is a good thing, or narcissism is normal, or something. People have stopped talking about "values". calcified French society is “calcifying”, letter to Evening Standard August 9 2005 (What happened to “ossified”?) red-top (for tabloid newspaper) wrap (Erykah Badu wears a head-wrap not a turban, there’s a kind of sandwich called a wrap, lines on screen suffer from word-wrap) When did wrapping paper become wrap? Oz gladwrap for clingfilm has been around since 70s. diversity multi-ethnic became multi-cultural and now we have diversity (probably short for cultural diversity) creep (mission creep, function creep) (like movement of glacier? expansion of asphalt?) prongs (for horns of dilemma, multipronged approach) junket (for free hospitality surrounding film launches etc) buildout (like rollout) More here (90s, 2000, 2001). 2002 and 2003 here. Buzz Words of 2011 here and here. Complete Buzz Words of 2010 here. Buzz Words of 2009 here. Buzz Words of 2009 Part Two here.
Here is a FREE Sample of Purina Pro Plan Cat Food! *Just fill out the form on Facebook and they will mail you your coupon for a free can! While you are there, visit my Coupon Gal Facebook Page. I often share time sensitive deals and stories with my readers there! Thanks, Coupon Lovin Mom!
MEXICO CITY (AP) - Authorities say 158 local police officers have been detained in northern Mexico for alleged ties to organized crime. Durango state prosecutors say the officers worked in the Durango cities of Gomez Palacio and Lerdo. They say soldiers and state police officers will patrol the cities. They said in a Friday statement that investigators found evidence the police officers were protecting and sharing information with drug traffickers for at least the past three years. Prosecutors say detained suspects told investigators some of the officers worked for the Sinaloa drug cartel. The big, mountainous state of Durango is known for drug cultivation and trafficking. Homicides there have more than double over the past two years amid a turf war between the Sinaloa and Zetas cartels. Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read the original story: 158 Mexican police detained for alleged drug ties
Matching Results: Joint Wraps Ankle Wrap – € 38 The Back on Track Ankle Wrap achieves excellent results in reducing pain and inflammation in the ankle area. It is soft and comfortable to wear and has an opening for the heel. If your injury is in the heel area, it is recommended you use the Back on Track Socks. For sizing S, M, L, … [View Details] Back Wrap – narrow front – € 62 DO YOU SUFFER FROM LOWER BACK PAIN? The Back on Track Back Wrap will offer you relief so you can enjoy everyday activities. This Back Wrap offers both support and pain relief to the lower back area. It has a removable pad in the back area designed to fill the curves around the spine. If … [View Details] Calf brace – € 35 The Back on Track Calf Brace will be very helpful if you suffer post exercise pain in your calves or pain deriving from periosteum membranes. The Calf Brace is popular with many athletes. Available in sizes S, M, L and XL. To get your correct size measure the calf at the widest point. Elbow brace – € 28 Get relief from TENNIS ELBOW symptoms with the Back on Track elbow brace. As the elbow joint gets a lot of use, it is one of the first joints to show signs of stress. This may range from slight discomfort when bending the joint to major pain and swelling in the joint. The Elbow Brace … [View Details] Wearing this Back on Track Knee Brace will help to relieve pain and swelling in the knee so you will be able to exercise and enjoy everyday activities. It is used to help reduce pain and inflammation caused by arthritis, sports injury or general wear and tear. This Back on Track knee brace is strong … [View Details] Knee wrap – basic – € 35 The Back on Track Knee Wrap will help to reduce pain, swelling and inflammation around the knee caused by arthritis, sports injury or general wear and tear. It is tubular in design and comfortable to wear. It is perfect to wear under slim fitting clothing. Available in sizes S – XXXL. Measure the circumference of … [View Details] Neck Wrap – velcro – € 38 Do you have problems caused by WHIPLASH injury? Try this Neck Wrap. This wrap has been designed in co-operation with the Swedish Patient Rehabilitation Organisation for sufferers of whiplash injury. Also excellent for other neck pain or stiffness, or pain at the top of the spine. Sizes S – XL. Measure the circumference of your … [View Details] Wrist Wrap – € 25 The Wrist Wrap is used to relieve symptoms of CARPAL TUNNEL and other pain. It offers warmth and support to the joint. Also recommended for people whose daily routine involves repetitive wrist movement such as working on a computer. For size, measure circumference of the wrist.
"This makes about 30 pints of mincemeat. Have on hand 30 pint canning jars with brand new rings and lids. Reusing old lids is not recommended. A delicious way to use green tomatoes. The recipe came from my Grandfather, and our family has been making it forever! Use straight from the jar for pies, cookies, muffins etc. You can also use 1 cup of oil instead of the beef suet." — April Watch video tips and tricks green tomatoes, minced minced, cored apples distilled white vinegar candied mixed citrus peel orange, peeled, sectioned, and cut into bite-size lemons, finely chopped This is really great! I scaled the recipe back to 4 servings to make and see if we liked. I didn't have any oranges so I put in more lemon. I used it to bake a pie and it was awesome. I plan to make more and freeze it instead of canning. I did cook uncovered for the last hour because it was really juicy. I made this recipe today. I have not put it into any baked goods yet, but when I do, I think I will be inclined to mix it with store-bought mincemeat. The smell is lovely, but it did not cook up like I expected. The texture is more like "real" mincemeat, which is how my family refers to mincemeat with meat in it. I found the recipe difficult to figure out, as per my earlier posting. Weight for the tomatoes and apples would have been much more helpful. I had no idea how many to use. In the end, I went with what my soup pot could hold. I used 3 kilos of tomatoes and 3 kilos of apples. I cut everything else in half except the raisins. I used all the raisins. When I saw how full it was at that point, I cannot imagine what size pot one would need for twice as many apples and tomatoes. I also added about 1/2 lb currants and 1 lb each of red cherries and green cherries. We'll see how it bakes up in tarts or muffins. If I have any further tips after I do that, I will post again. This is just like my mother's recipe which I lost! Thank you for posting so I can make mince again. I use butter instead of suet. Great way to use up green tomatoes! What a great recipe! I had an abundance of green tomatoes and didn't want to fry all of them or let them go to waste. I love mincemeat pie and will love giving jars of mincemeat for Christmas. I scaled it back to 40 servings, and used all of the ingredients called for. I sampled it before I canned and am anxious to make a pie come Thanksgiving or Christmas. It may need a little thickening before putting in a pie as filling. This is a great recipe for using up the last of your tomatoes that won't ripen by the end of the gardening season. It is great as a pie filling but we like it as a pancake, waffle,or ice cream topping too. ******You don't HAVE to add the suet to this recipe and it is still great.****** I am not opposed to adding suet,it is just my personal choice and it keeps the recipe vegan friendly. This is great stuff. I adjusted the recipe to the amount of my tomatoes for a total yield of 13 pints. Chose to use butter rather than suet. I made this 6 weeks ago and have made two pies with it in the last week (testing for the holidays). For a more traditional flavor, added a shot of brandy to the second pie. Again, this is great stuff. Thanks! My tomato plants got caught by the frost, and I was left with "tons". I used the calculator to cut it in half and got 14 pint jars. I used the suet, and added a lb. of currants.I was very, very pleased with the flavour and plan on giving some away for Xmas gifts. I have a meat grinder, and put everything through the meat chopper using a 3/8" blade. It was perfect. I boiled it the 3 hrs. and then processed in a boiling water bath. Don't be afraid to try it! Wow! I made this yesterday omitting the suet and candied fruit, since neither was readily available. Instead, I added a bit of fresh ginger and some orange peel granules I found at our coop. Then today, I tried it out on a pie. I was concerned it was a bit runny, so I added 2 T of tapioca, a diced apple and a handful of raisins. I have made pies all of my life, and I truly think this is my favorite. Thanks for posting the recipe. I only made a quarter recipe since I wasn't sure how it would come out, but I'll definitely be making a bigger batch next weekend. * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Green Tomato Mincemeat Serving Size: 1/120 of a recipe Servings Per Recipe: 120 Amount Per Serving Calories from Fat: 18 This green tomato relish is a perfect sidekick to sandwiches or entrees. See a terrific tomato preparation for sauces, stews, soups, and chili. Fresh homemade tomato sauce is easy and deeply flavorful.
Structural Intervention Time Series Analysis of Crime Rates: The Impact of Sentence Reform in Virginia Vujić, S., Commandeur, J. and Koopman, S. J., 2012. Structural Intervention Time Series Analysis of Crime Rates: The Impact of Sentence Reform in Virginia. Discussion Paper. Amsterdam: Tinbergen Institute Discussion Papers. Related documents:This repository does not currently have the full-text of this item. You may be able to access a copy if URLs are provided below. We adopt a structural time series analysis to investigate the impact of parole abolition and sentence reform in Virginia on reported crime rates. The Commonwealth of Virginia abolished parole and reformed sentencing for all felony offences committed on or after January 1, 1995. To examine the impact of Virginia’s change in legislation on reported crime rates from 1995 onwards, we perform an intervention time series analysis based on structural time series models. We empirically find that the change in legislation has significantly reduced the burglary rates and to a lesser extent the murder rates in Virginia. For other violent crimes such as rape and aggravated assault the evidence of a significant reduction in crime rates is less evident or is not found. This empirical study for Virginia also provides an illustration of how an effective intervention time series analysis can be carried out in crime studies. |Item Type||Reports/Papers (Discussion Paper)| |Creators||Vujić, S., Commandeur, J. and Koopman, S. J.| |Departments||Faculty of Humanities & Social Sciences > Economics| |Additional Information||ID number: TI 2012-007/4| Actions (login required)
After speaking with Matt Kenseth via phone on Wednesday afternoon, I feel like I have a better grasp on why he made the decision to leave Roush Fenway Racing for a yet-to-be-named team (likely Joe Gibbs Racing). While Kenseth can't or won't say everything that led to his decision, he was very forthcoming about the details he felt he could talk about. Here are some common questions from you and a few answers that might help you understand the move: Kenseth doesn't have a full-time sponsor at Roush this year and might not have had one next year. Was stability the reason he left? The stability of just having a job and staying in the sport ranks "almost on the bottom" of his priority list, Kenseth said. "Winning races and trying to race for championships is on the top of my list, because you never know how long you can do this stuff," the 40-year-old said. "You never know when your last race is or your last lap is or your last win is or any of that." Reading between the lines on everything that's happened, it seems like the decision to leave was Kenseth's -- though it certainly doesn't hurt Roush to move one of its younger, cheaper drivers in Ricky Stenhouse Jr. up the ladder into the Sprint Cup Series. If Kenseth is having such a solid year and leading the points, why did he go looking for another team? He didn't. Other teams knew Kenseth was a free agent who was unsigned past this season, and the driver said he was approached by one who had an opportunity that intrigued him. As recently as a month or two ago, Kenseth planned on being at Roush for his entire career -- just as team owner Jack Roush said he did. When he got the initial phone call expressing interest, Kenseth said he didn't think, "Yeah, that's what I'm going to do for sure." "But after some talking and getting to know some people and some things that were happening, I think it just felt like it was the right thing to do," he said. "You look back and you're like, 'Oh man, I hope this is right.' But I felt really strongly it was the right thing to do and that was the place for me and the time to go do that. And I still feel like that." Was there a behind-the-scenes argument at Roush that we don't know about? Not according to Kenseth, who said he knows the lack of "one great reason" makes it harder for reporters and fans to understand his decision. "It's a combination of a lot of things and timing," he said. "There's nobody that was mad. There wasn't a fight, there wasn't a disagreement or somebody not doing something. There wasn't really any of that. I know that doesn't sound like a good answer, but that's really the truth." Kenseth said there was "no resistance from anywhere," and that it felt like all the pieces just fell into place for his move to happen. It certainly helped Kenseth to know Roush wanted to get Stenhouse Jr. into a Cup car. "I really think things happen for a reason and things line up like that sometimes," he said. "When they do, that's how it was meant to go – and that's what happened here." OK, but this is all about the money, right? Kenseth has always been sensitive about his contract situation and won't discuss financial details. And this year, it's worth noting, Kenseth wouldn't even publicly acknowledge his free agent status. If he was going for a big payday, he perhaps could have used the media to gain leverage -- either with Roush or potential suitors -- but instead, he kept quiet about it the whole time. Sources told SB Nation that Kenseth might actually be taking a pay cut with his new team rather than scoring a bigger deal. If he'd remained at Roush, though, he may have gotten even less due to the sponsorship situation there. Roush will save millions per year by signing Stenhouse Jr. instead of Kenseth, which will lower the price point for sponsorship. Why can't Kenseth and his new team (again, likely JGR) just announce their deal now? Are there sponsorship concerns still to be worked out? Kenseth said he simply couldn't talk about the details of where he's headed in 2013, even the reasons why an announcement can't be made yet. He said the news will be made public "hopefully sooner than later" and all sides had already reached an agreement, including his new sponsors. "Everything is set; everything is in place," he said. "I think we're good there. I feel good about '13 and beyond. I don't think it's any of that." The driver said his new team -- which he called "another very winning organization" -- is a good fit for him and he believes he can be successful there. Isn't Kenseth getting kind of old to start over with a new team? Not at all. Though Kenseth is 40, that's not old for a race car driver. Tony Stewart just won the championship at 40 last year, and Mark Martin is still racing competitively at age 53. Kenseth said Wednesday it's impossible to say right now how much longer he plans to race. "I just don't know," he said. "And by saying 'I don't know,' I feel like that means I'm so far away from the end or when I want to walk away that I can't even fathom when that is. I sure hope to be driving for a long time." Why can't the media just respect Kenseth's decision and leave him alone? Kenseth knew there were questions about his move and wanted to fulfill interview requests for as many reporters as possible. It was his decision to talk for so long. He spent three straight hours on Wednesday afternoon doing phone interviews with 13 different reporters and answering mostly the same questions the entire time. I'm still confused. Will all the details about Kenseth's decision come out eventually? Not if the driver has his way. Kenseth, who has always been a private person, said there's nothing to be gained by talking about some of the specific conversations or factors that led to the move. "There are a fair amount of closed-door things or feelings or circumstances or whatever that will probably never get talked about, just because it doesn't do anybody any good at the end of the day," he said. That said, once Kenseth and his new team make their announcement, everything might make more sense.
PASSIVE COMPONENTS, like many other building blocks in the high-frequency industry, have improved in terms of electrical performance per unit size over the last five decades. When looking back over the years at earlier passive components and assemblies, it is not so much the pure electrical performance that is striking as much as the advances in packaging that have taken place over that time. In 1980, for example, one of the leading suppliers of microwave mixers, Watkins-Johnson of Palo Alto, CA, made news with their M4 series of flatpack mixers. The products included the model WJ-M4A with local-oscillator (LO) and RF range of 10 to 1500 MHz and intermediate-frequency (IF) range of DC to 1000 MHz. During the same time period, a company still going strong, Mini-Circuits, was selling coaxial power dividers for only $39.95 each. The firm's ZAPD line of power dividers included models from 0.5 to 1.0 GHz, 1.0 to 2.0 GHz, and 2.0 to 4.2 GHz (Fig. 1). The insertion loss was 0.2 dB for all models, still considered good today. Another company still going strong, ARRA, Inc., of Westbury (now Bay Shore), NY, offered a line of miniature continuously variable attenuators in 1968. Available for applications from 2.0 to 12.4 GHz, the attenuators handled 5 W average power and 3 kW peak power with maximum insertion loss of 0.5 dB. An article in March 1968 by members of the technical staff of the Microwave Department of Sylvania Electric Products, Inc. of Woburn, MA detailed how a new type of diode, the beamlead Schottky barrier diode (Fig. 2), appeared to be a more electrically efficient device than point-contact diodes for frequency-conversion applications. The article compared the performance characteristics of both semiconductor devices, and showed how a microwave mixer could be formed using a beam-lead Schottky diode pair (Fig. 3). Around the same time, Bill Marshall, Switch Marketing Manager for Transco, demonstrated his firm's modular approach to waveguide switch assemblies (Fig. 4). Using a variable waveguide switch design, the assemblies performed transmitter switching to 18 GHz under full-power operation. They provided switching speed of better than 50 ns. The Micro State Electronics Operation of Raytheon in Murray Hill, NJ was working with advanced stripline, leading to the group's development of a switch/driver assembly for applications from 1020 to 1100 MHz (Fig. 5). It achieved hot switching of 10 kW peak power in only 150 ns. For those who doubted digital technology existed five decades ago, Daico Industries offered a pair of digital variable attenuators with integral TTL (model DA0295) and CMOS (model DA0285) drivers. Switching under 7-b control, the digital attenuators (Fig. 6) provided 63.5-dB attenuation control ranges from 30 to 500 MHz with least significant bit (LSB) of 0.5 dB. They could handle input power levels to +13 dBm with nominal switching speed of 5 s. Last but not least, Systron Donner was among a group of companies promoting their capabilities in "supercomponents." These were essentially compact assemblies that combined the functions of multiple components. One of the company's supercomponents was an assembly designed for X-band radar (Fig. 7), with a low-noise mixer and Gunn diode LO. The LO provided a 40-MHz tuning range around 9.375 GHz.
Our favourite picks from Net-a-porter Everybody’s favourite high-end shopping website Net-a-porter.com is adding a new range of everything designer from Monday, June 7, and the guys at NAP were kind enough to offer us a sneak peek into what’s going to be in-store for e-shoppers. We loved the entire selection of new additions, but if we were to pick just eight, these would be our recommendations. Prepare your credit card for what’s clearly going to be strenuous workout. 1.) Alexander McQueen Leopard-print goat jacket Cream, beige and black leopard-print goat jacket. Alexander McQueen jacket has an oversized collar that drapes at the front, a shorter back, long fitted sleeves, side-slit pockets, hook fastenings at the front and is fully lined in taupe silk-satin. 2.) Alexander McQueen Leather Biker Jacket Black leather biker jacket with padded shoulders. Alexander McQueen jacket has a notched collar with four silver studs, is double-breasted with exposed silver zip-fastening, two silver zip slit pockets to the front, two press-stud fastening flap pockets to the front, one smaller press-stud fastening flap pocket to the front, belt loops to the front and back with press-stud fastening, a detatchable black leather belt, zips on the cuffs and leather elbow-patches. 3.) Emilio Pucci fringed dress Dark-gray suede asymmetric dress with tiered fringing. Emilio Pucci dress has gunmetal hardware, two buckle details at shoulder, eyelet detail at neckline, exposed zip fastening at side, an asymmetric hem and is fully lined. 4.) Versace Leather & Cotton Blend Jacket Purple crinkled leather and cotton-blend jersey-stretch jacket. Versace jacket has a notch collar, asymmetrical exposed gold zip fastening through front with designer-stamped tag, cotton-blend jersey-stretch panelling on the body and arms and patent purple strips either side of the zip. 5.) Alexander McQueen Crepe bustier dress Cream floor-length creponne dress with bustier and draped skirt. Alexander McQueen dress inner boning and underwired cups, zip through bustier at the back and a hook to fasten. 6.) Alexander McQueen Peony-print crepe gown Multicolored peony-print crepe full-length gown. Alexander McQueen gown has padded shoulders, cropped butterfly sleeves, cape back, cowl neck, fishtail skirt, a concealed zip fastening at the back and is fully lined in stone georgette. 7.) Dicha Chiara necklace Dicha necklace has faux blush and cream pearl drops, a notch at center and a hook fastening at back of neck. 8.) Dicha Pearly necklace Cream 1960s faux pearl multi-strand necklace with a gold-tone beaded flower centerpiece. Dicha necklace has pink tube-bead embellishment, blush faux pearl drops and a clasp to fasten to neck.
Mass Spectrometry and Proteomics This state of the art facility, situated within LIMS and the School of Molecular Sciences, offers La Trobe staff, students and external users access to a range of high-end mass spectrometry equipment. La Trobe established the facility with funding from the Co-oporative Research Centre for Biomarker Translation (CRC-BT) and an Australian Research Centre LIEF grant, enabling the Department of Biochemistry to purchase a mass spectrometry-based proteomics suite from Bruker Daltronics. The facility also boasts Bruker Proteineer robotic equipment and a Dionex Liquid Chromatography System. We welcome expressions of interest for all projects. Find out more about sample submission and fees. Information on our mass spectrometry, liquid chromatagraphy and robotic equipment. Please contact us to discuss any new or ongoing projects. Dr Pierre Faou Phone +61 3 9479 2402 The technique of mass spectrometry has become an indispensable tool for biochemists. It allows for the discovery and quantitation of proteins at extremely high sensitivity, such as in target discovery for therapeutic and diagnostic applications.
Jay Scherma named 2012 Maine Outstanding Librarian of the Year June 6, 2012 Andi Jackson-Darling, President Maine Library Association (MLA) Director of Falmouth Public Library MLA's Communication Committee Chair Director of Waterville Public Library Jay Scherma, Director of the Thomas Memorial Library in Cape Elizabeth, has been named the 2012 Maine Outstanding Librarian of the Year by the Maine Library Association (MLA). This award honors a librarian who has demonstrated an outstanding record of service to an individual library as well as service to the library profession. Criteria for selection include the promotion/development of library services that enrich a library’s staff and community, the promotion/development of community or institutional support of the library, involvement in groups (not library-specific) which promote the library profession, and a record of professional leadership. “Jay Scherma has provided tremendous service and leadership to his community of Cape Elizabeth as well as the Maine library community as a whole. In his state-wide library leadership roles, including serving as MLA President 2000-2002, Jay has been a champion for patron access to information, intellectual freedom, and collaborative, cost-efficient resource sharing,” said Sarah Sugden, Chair of the MLA Awards Committee. “He is so attuned to the needs and interests of his community that it was little surprise to learn that a Cape Elizabeth community survey found that 9-out-of-10 residents are satisfied with their library.” Scherma’s service to the Maine library community includes his aforementioned term as MLA President, Chair of the Maine Libraries Conference (1999-2000), Chair of Conference’s Vendor Committee (2004-2008), and the Minerva Library Network Executive Board (2008-2011), in addition to serving as Minerva Treasurer. Scherma is also active in the New England Library Association and has shown particular commitment to mentoring librarians and new leaders in the profession through his involvement in the New England Library Leadership Symposium . “I am very excited that Jay Scherma is the Maine Library Association’s 2012 Outstanding Librarian award winner. I am one of many who have personally benefited from Jay’s professionalism and dedication to libraries. The Maine Library Association is very pleased to have such a dedicated librarian represent our profession.” said MLA President Andi Jackson-Darling. The mission of the Maine Library Association is to promote and enhance the value of Maine libraries and librarianship, to foster cooperation among those who work in and for Maine libraries, and to provide leadership in ensuring that information is accessible to all citizens from their libraries. Share a Comment - Please include the title of the news article you are commenting on.
- Eric Prydz - Essential Mix 2011 (Live from Creamfields) Artwork Eric Prydz Official on September 03, 2011 13:27 - Snoop Lion - Lighters Up (Rell the Soundbender Remix) [Thissongissick.com Premiere] [Free Download] Artwork Thissongissick.com on May 14, 2013 20:14 Need a gift for a gifted musician? The SoundCloud Premium accounts also come as virtual gifts and it takes only two minutes to get one. Head over to our Gift page and check out the different Premium accounts starting at only €29 per year.
Business Pundit has a post today about a new auction site named jittery. One thing BusinessPundit mentions is that the new site will have a "Buy Offer" feature, which I believe gave him the idea in the first place. Basically, instead of buyers competing over an item and raising the price, buyers specify what they want to buy, which features are important, what prices they want to pay, and sellers compete to give them the best deal. I am extremely skeptical that this would work. As background, I ran the marketplace portion of Mercata, that similarly tried to bring a different, more buyer focused model to table and failed fairly spectacularly. We found that you can be as innovative as you want, but you need a lot of traffic to your site, and building such traffic takes a lot of time or a lot of money or both. You also need to provide a value proposition for both buyers AND sellers. A LOT of people have tried some sort of reversal of the auction process, where buyers specify the goods they want and sellers bring them to the table, bidding against each other (ie lower and lower prices) to get the business. FreeMarkets made some hay with this in the B2B world, but from the beginning the auctions were never really the money maker, but were a Trojan horse for supply chain consulting, which helps to explain why they merged with Ariba. The only people to make this model work in the consumer area is Priceline. However, what most people fail to realize about Priceline is that it fulfilled a real business need for SELLERS, even more than for buyers. Airlines have a classic fixed cost pricing problem. They want to sell as many tickets at a high price as possible, but an incremental passenger costs them nothing, so if the plane is not full, getting even $50 for a passenger to fill an empty seat at the last minute is profitable to them. The problem is somehow offering the $50 fare only to the passenger who would not fly otherwise, and not cannibalizing the customers who are willing to pay $300. The problem is, if they offer the $50 fare to anyone, they can't hide the fact very well. The airline industry, as most know, have very transparent computer systems that let everyone know their prices on every route every minute of the day. If an airline cuts prices on a route, everyone knows - so that competitors can match the cut immediately and customers can switch from the higher to lower fairs. Airlines protect themselves somewhat with limited availability of certain fares and advanced purchase requirements - so that people, particularly business travelers, who need to maintain flexibility, have a reason to pay higher fares. However, advanced purchase requirements were not providing enough protection. What airlines really wanted was a way to cut fares for one person who might not have flown otherwise, and let no one else see them do it. And Priceline was the answer. Yes, airlines had to tell the Priceline computers what the lowest bid they would accept from a customer for a flight was, but this did not constitute an official price that went into the reservation systems. So, the airlines could cut their price (via Priceline), but only the customer who got the price ever saw it. In fact, the story is even better. At the time Priceline came around, one airline had a particular problem they needed to solve. When TWA got a loan from Carl Icahn, an almost unnoticed part of the deal was that a certain travel agency owned by Icahn, small at the time, would be guaranteed TWA tickets at a healthy discount off the lowest published fares. This agency, with this boondoggle, grew to enormous size as Lowestfare.com. TWA, beyond the reasons listed above, therefore had a second reason for not wanting to publish their lowest possible fare. Normal limitations that most airlines could set on how many seats would be available at their lowest fare could not be enforced by TWA. If they offered a new $100 fare, Lowestfare.com could blow out an unlimited number of tickets at $80 or less and TWA would have to accept it. Therefore, by offering discounts unpublished via Priceline, TWA prevented the travel agency from getting inventory even cheaper. And so, a huge portion of the early Priceline inventory was TWA. (ironically, after the American Airlines acquisition of TWA killed the deal, the Lowestfare.com URL was bought by ... Priceline. Anyway, I just don't see how reverse auctions can work in the consumer world, particularly if the customers are allowed to specify price and quality and features, etc. The transaction costs for suppliers would be just too high wading through this stuff -- in fact, many companies in the B2B world, where transaction sizes are in the millions, have come to this same conclusion - for a variety of reasons, they are choosing not to participate in reverse auctions (here too). Marketplaces must offer value to both buyer and seller. If you don't offer honest value to sellers, then no products appear on the site and it will fail. Basically, there are two gorilla's in the online marketplace arena - eBay and Amazon. eBay had the head start in building a brand and community in the marketplace space, but Amazon has brought some really nifty technology to the table. As a user of both, I welcome a new competitor, sortof. I hope that there will be competitors who force eBay to adopt some overdue new features (e.g. auction sniping protection and better search features on past auctions) but I don't really want any to be successful enough to create a third or fourth or fifth major platform out there, because that just increases my search costs and time when I want to buy something. I missed pointing out one bit of irony. The Internet is generally attractive to consumers because it increases product information, and particularly increases knowlege about market pricing. However, in this case, Priceline's attractiveness to airlines was that it decreased pricing transparency in the market. Welcome Carnival of the Capitalists readers. Have a look around, and check out our thoughts on replacements for Dan Rather.
This sophisticated, medium-bodied white was aged for 11months in French oak and offers elegant yet concentrated notes of pink grapefruit, lemon/lime zest and slightly under ripe Golden apples. Its supple and polished texture is framed by racy acidity and notes of flint, meal and lanolin. Established in 1944, this benchmark estate has produced wines of elegance and finesse for over half a century. Founded by Mick Brajkovich, his wife Kate and son Mate, this 74 acre property is located in Kumeu, a subregion of the Auckland wine district on New Zealand’s North Island. The winery is currently managed by Mate’s wife, Melba and their children, Marijana, Michael, Milan and Paul. Marijana manages the financial and accounting side of the business, Milan oversees vineyard management and viticulture, Paul runs sales and marketing and Michael is the winemaker. Although the winery is situated well north of New Zealand’s other viticultural regions, its proximity to the Tasman Sea and the Pacific Ocean ensures a moderate, maritime microclimate. The clay and underlying sandstone base soils of the area have superior water retention qualities, thereby eliminating the need for irrigation. All vines are grown in a sustainable manner and to take advantage of the long growing season are trained on a “Lyre” trellis. During harvest, the grapes are picked by hand and sorted in the vineyard. Michael was New Zealand’s first Master of Wine and 2012 marks his 31st consecutive vintage with Kumeu River. Not content to rest on his laurels, this humble winemaker perpetually searches for ways to improve his wines. Through trial and error, he has developed a regimen that includes whole cluster pressing, minimal use of new oak, wild yeast fermentation, completion of malolactic fermentation and extended barrel aging sur lie. Kumeu River was also the first winery in New Zealand to bottle exclusively in screw cap closures. The family’s hard work and commitment to the Brajkovich legacy has been duly recognized – their Chardonnays are considered amongst the best in the world and they have been consistently named in the Top 100 Wines of the world by Wine Spectator. Kumeu River wines balance wonderful raciness with great concentration and structure – a characteristic that has become the hallmark of this emblematic estate. |Kumeu River Wines was established in 1944 in the small country settlement of Kumeu, about 20 km northwest of Auckland. At Kumeu River Wines, the winemaking philosophy is simple. We endeavour to grow grapes of the highest standard and then treat them with respect when we turn them into wine. In this way the potential quality is maximised, and we are able to produce wines that are truly representative of our land. To this end, yields are kept low to improve the concentration of aromas and flavours in the grapes, and we harvest all of our grapes by hand. The white grapes are all whole-bunch pressed, which is time-consuming but gives us the best quality results. The reds are destemmed and crushed gently before being transferred to fermentation tanks. No yeasts are added. Oak barrels from France play a significant, but never dominant, role in our wines. The white wines undergo fermentation in barrels, and the flavour nuances that are derived from this phase are crucial to these fine wine styles. The red wines are fermented for a prolonged period in stainless steel tanks, but they are also later matured in oak barrels to promote the development of bouquet and to soften the tannin structure of the palate. These are wines of great flavour intensity and complexity, but also with subtlety and elegance, and the potential to develop with further age. We promote the malo-lactic fermentation in both our red and white wines. This bacterial transformation reduces and softens the acidity, and rounds out and complexes the flavour. The Brajkovich Family is committed to ensuring that all Kumeu River wines are not only properly and correctly produced, but also possess characters of aroma and flavour that give our customers a great deal of drinking pleasure.
I called this on the 19th with this post but I guess it is now official. Boy am I good. Read below: July 25, 2011. MediaTakeOut.com has just received some EARTH SHATTERING NEWS . . . Jennifer Lopez and rapper/mogul Diddy are DATING AGAIN!!! According to an EXTREMELY RELIABLE MediaTakeOut.com snitch, Diddy and Jennifer had all but BROKEN OFF communication when their relationship ended nearly a decade ago. But, the insider claims, Jennifer REACHED OUT to Diddy late last year – when she realized her marriage to Marc Anthony was NOT WORKING. The insider, who is CLOSE TO DIDDY, told MediaTakeOut.com, “[Diddy] was not expecting Jennifer to call him. They hadn’t spoken in years, and all of a sudden, she’s calling and texting.” But it wasn’t just CALLING and TEXTING, our insider claim that on AT LEAST TWO OCCASIONS, Diddy and Jennifer actually PHYSICALLY MET UP!! And while they can not say whether or not anything POPPED OFF between them . . . you can decide what YOU THINK happened. Anyways – J Lo and Diddy kept in contact for months and last week, we’re told that the two WENT ON A DATE!!! MediaTakeOut.com EXCLUSIVELY learned that last WEDNESDAY NIGHT Jennifer Lopez FLEW INTO New York City and went on a date with DIDDY . . . at New York’s top restaurant PHILLIPE CHOW. According to one person who was THERE AND SAW IT, “Diddy came in quickly and immediately went to the private area . . . about 20 minutes later J Lo went in. I was in shock.”
Under Armour® Camo Back Cap - Embroidered UA logo up front - UA wordmark on cap bill - Embroidered UA logo on back - HeatGear® sweatband Manufacturer style #: 1226432. Rated 4 out of 5 by 3 reviewers. Rated 4 out of 5 by Bowhunter686 Weird sizes This hat is weird in sizes. I need a M/L and some of the them sat way to high up on the side of my head like it was meant for a junior but the one I bough fit great and it was the same sizes. Almost like there was a mistake in the production line of these hats. However once you find the size that fits you right it's a great hat. September 11, 2012 Rated 5 out of 5 by Lamar00 good purchase realy good cap fits realy good love it was in the store and sean it started to buy one and didnt do it so had to order one at a later date. August 6, 2012 Rated 3 out of 5 by BigJon7 Not $25 worth The hat isnt the greatest hat , but it aint the worst either. I bought a L/XL and it just doesn't fit right, it feels more like a M/L. If it fit better it would of got 5 stars. June 12, 2012 1-3 of 3
Promotional Items In Lake Angelus Mi Here are a few of our Promotional Products in Lake Angelus Mi * Price before decoration, excludes shipping and taxes. Production times in business days. Pending credit, art, and proof approval; excludes shipping time. Zip Binder Pouch Carabiner Aluminum Bottle Laser Pointer/Flashlight Combo Level/Tape Measure Combo Spiral Pocket Buddy Duffel - Dynamo Duffel Precision Bottle Cooler Non-Woven Insulated Lunch Bag Metal Pen with Gold Trim Long Knit Beanie Cinch Up Backpack Metal Carabiner with Split Ring Bagorama Trade Show Tote The Metreon Pen Corporate Gifts in Lake Angelus Mi at Everyday Lowest Prices Do you like to make your brand popular using Promotional Items in Lake Angelus Mi? Branders.com suggest you a massive range of choices of marketing products to market your items. With top-caliber and efficient items, you could grab the awareness of the purchasers. Allow us to promote your items! Get in touch with us at 1-877-272-6337 today! Personalize these merchandise & earn the consentment of your buyers. Choose products from among our inexpensive merchandise to utilize as your marketing items. Get your company logo design prepared & have it silkscreened on the publicity service of your preference. Take advantage of the massive branding spaces obtainable on each products & make your merchandise established in Promotional Products in Lake Angelus Mi! Not like other types of marketing, the items you observe here at Branders.com are low priced & made from excellent products. The significance we set on quality aspect translates to a lasting marketing for our customers. Customize these products by branding your group name or artwork & move your way into the favors of your target buyer with Corporate Gifts in Lake Angelus Mi. Refining your organization name or logo should not be a dilemma. You could get our on the house logo design modification and on the house samples to maximize your logo. Let's make your logo design ideal for your marketing needs. Sign up now & get 100% satisfaction, ensured lowest prices & prompt delivery. Make the finest transaction of the year! Have your business promoted with Corporate Giveaways in Lake Angelus Mi by our products! Talk & communicate with the target buyer & persuade them to buy your products using Promotional Items in Lake Angelus Mi. We commit to assist you in creating your mark in the purchasers! Sign up right now & see the dofference in your business! Get in touch with us today at 1-877-272-6337! Why buy promotional products from Branders? Check out what other people think:
Although Obama’s supporters continue to enjoy the largest tax increase ever dumped on the people by a sitting president, and while they prepare for the full takeover of the government by additional communists today in the Senate, perhaps they could take time off from reveling in the final destruction of this country long enough to explain why Obama has murdered Maulvi Nazir and 12 other people in Pakistan with a drone attack. Last time I checked, which was yesterday morning, not only was the United States not at war with Pakistan, but Pakistan had finally reached a truce with Maulvi Nazir, which had the promise of finally stabilizing portions of North Wazirstan with its attendant benefits of stabilizing the tribal regions in a way that might have also brought a political solution to Afghanistan. OK, Nazir was a no-goodnik and he didn’t like most Americans (who does?), but he was fast becoming a force of stability for one or our allegedly allied nations. Oh, and collateral damage of 12 people too, let’s not forget that. I know that the people on this blog who used to argue that Congress did not give W a blank check for the war in Afghanistan apparently intended to give a blank check to Obama, who was still working through the Peter Principle at the time (2001) to attack and kill criminal suspects in Pakistan. But did Congress really intend Obama to have the power to kill someone working with one or our allies, which happens not only to be experiencing growing frustration and anger with Americans, but which also possesses nuclear weapons and has deferred from nuclear proliferation partly out of goodies received from its American ally? And whatabout the credible argument that for every questionable militant killed by a drone Obama is creating 100 more recruits? I’d like those folk who support Obama to explain this foreign policy to me–where Obama has the power to continue killing people in Pakistan over the objections of the allied government, and why this policy makes any political, military, legal or ethical/moral sense. Then you can go back to enjoying Obama’s tax payer financed vacation.
Several home invasions have been reported in Oakland County in the past few weeks, according to the Franklin-Bingham Farms Police Department. They are urging residents to be wary of burglars posing as solicitors or lost travelers. “It appears that the burglars repeatedly ring the door bell and knock on doors to determine that no one is inside the house before they break in,” said Franklin officials in a Friday media release. “If an occupant answers the door, the suspect either claims to be looking for someone they thought lived there or offering some type of home improvement service.” Franklin police have kept investigations open in a few incidents in their village. The most recent, say officials, is a break-in that was reported around 11 a.m. Wednesday in the area of Helmandale Drive. Authorities warn that burglars have been reported breaking windows in the back of homes or prying doors open. Suspects in these certain types of robberies are described by neighbors and victims as young men in their late teens to their early 20s, sometimes dressed in business or casual clothes. Suspicious vehicles have also been reported as being a green or blue SUV, a gray or sliver minivan, a silver Ford Taurus, a tan or white sedan, or a gray PT Cruiser. Officials are asking residents to be vigilant in immediately reporting any solicitors or suspicious people and vehicles in Franklin or Bingham Farms. Contact the police department’s dispatch center at 248-626-5444. Continued... Contact staff writer John Turk at 248-745-4613 or email@example.com. Remember to activate your home security alarm systems and lock all doors and windows. Do not leave valuables such as laptop computers, jewelry, iPhones and purses within view while you’re outside. Keep valuables stored in a safe or a heavy-duty lock box. See wrong or incorrect information in a story. Tell us here Location, ST | website.com National News Videos - Driver runs into Rochester Hills bar in accident that is one of many involving cars crashing into buildings in county (2058) - PAT CAPUTO: Detroit Red Wings show Blackhawks, again, why they are real Stanley Cup contenders WITH VIDEO (1530) - Pontiac taxpayers to pay $2.3 million of $7.8 million schools debt, neighbors to pay rest (1507) - Prince Fielder helps Tigers rally past Minnesota (1328) - DEAR ABBY May 24: Wedding thank-you note fails to deliver intended message (1066) - One killed, one injured in Brandon Township crash (1042) - PAULA PASCHE: Time for Detroit Lions' Ndamukong Suh to step up as leader (1032) - New backcourt leads Lathrup over Dragons (57) - Pontiac taxpayers to pay $2.3 million of $7.8 million schools debt, neighbors to pay rest (9) - Nearby neighbors concerned after man convicted of murder paroled, moves to Pontiac group home (8) - Auburn Hills chamber eyes lawsuit over $7.8 million Pontiac schools tax bill (8) - Property owners in eight communities may have to pay Pontiac schools' $7.8M debt (7) - Holly High School graduate to perform free vocal recital (6) - Michigan wolf hunting put on hold; issue will be put before voters (6) Recent Activity on Facebook Stephen Frye has covered the police beat and courts for The Oakland Press and now serves as online editor for www.theoaklandpress.com. Informs on and discusses current matters of legal interest to readers of The Oakland Press and to consumers of legal services in the community. Caren Gittleman likes talking cats. She'll discuss everything about them. Share your stories and ask her questions about your favorite feline. Roger Beukema shares news from Lansing that impacts sportsmen (this means ladies as well) and talks about things he finds when he goes overseas to visit his children, and adding your comments into the mix. Join Jonathan Schechter as he shares thoughts on our natural world in Oakland County and beyond.
US reviews Mediterranean military presence Regional instability could drive increased attention Senior U.S. military officials are considering increasing the American military presence in the Mediterranean because of what they see as growing instability in recent months. "This is post-Benghazi," one military official told CNN. "We're looking at instability in Libya, Egypt, Syria and now Israel and Gaza." The official who has direct knowledge of the discussions declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information. The Pentagon is looking at a number of options, according to military officials. The easiest would be to extend deployments of Navy ships passing through the region. The Navy just extended by at least 10 days the tour of three amphibious ships carrying more than 2,000 Marines, Harrier jets, V-22 tilt rotor aircraft and a variety of helicopters, as CNN first reported last week. Those tours were extended as a result of the conflict in Gaza as a precautionary measure should there have been a need to evacuate Americans from Israel. A cease-fire was reached on Wednesday after a week of violence. The Pentagon is focusing on the eastern Mediterranean, where the ships will stay, the military official told CNN. "From there, you can get to a lot of places in a short period of time," he said. "What we are looking at is what is our presence in the region and what should it be." The Navy also previously announced that four warships capable of providing ballistic missile defense will now be based at Rota, Spain, putting them closer to potential threats from Syria and Iran. They are the USS Ross, the USS Donald Cook, the USS Carney and the USS Porter. Four other ships are stationed off the coast of Israel as a hedge against any ballistic missile launch from Iran. Short of being ordered into combat, the Navy is looking to beef up its presence in order to conduct humanitarian assistance missions and training exercises with other nations in the region, the sources said. But clearly more ships and aircraft also give the military an increased capability to evacuate Americans from a hotspot or put forces on the ground to conduct security operations to protect embassies. The developments come amid increasing concern about weapons being smuggled into Gaza. U.S. and Israeli officials say some of those weapons are coming from Libya where arms stashes have been ransacked after the fall of Moammar Gadhafi. A U.S. official told CNN that the current assessment by the intelligence community is that surface to air missiles from Libya have made their way into Gaza after being smuggled through Egypt. Copyright 2012 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rain sure to be a factor for Game 2 If clubs can't go Saturday, series would resume on Sunday NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez took dozens of ground balls at third base late on Saturday afternoon, looking every bit like someone who expected to be playing in a few hours. He may have been cold, but he was dry. The field at Yankee Stadium remained uncovered three hours before the scheduled 7:57 p.m. ET first pitch of Game 2 of the American League Championship Series on FOX, as a threatening forecast appeared to be holding off and increasing hopes that there would be baseball in the Bronx. "When I looked this morning, it looked grim," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "Now I look at it and I think we've got a pretty decent shot of playing. I know the percentages went down. It seems like it might be like it was yesterday." Girardi and Angels manager Mike Scioscia are scheduled to meet with representatives from Major League Baseball at 7 p.m. to discuss the forecast for Saturday's game. The two clubs fit in nine innings of action on Friday, with the Yankees defeating the Angels, 4-1, despite raw conditions. The Yankees opened the gates for Game 2 as scheduled at 4:30 p.m. ET. In the event that Game 2 could not be played on Saturday, an effort would be made to play the contest on Sunday before both clubs travel across the country. Game 3 of the ALCS is scheduled to be played at 4:13 p.m. ET on Monday at Angel Stadium in Anaheim. As of 7:30 p.m., Weather.com -- the official Web site of the Weather Channel -- had raised the chance of precipitation to 55 percent for the first pitch of Game 2, with temperatures around 47 degrees and northeast winds at 15-25 mph. The chances of precipitation jumped to 60 percent at 10 p.m. and 70 percent overnight. The National Weather Service continues to predict that Game 2 will see a 100 percent chance of precipitation, with a low around 41 degrees and a northeast wind between 14 and 20 mph, and gusts as high as 33 mph. New rainfall amounts between a quarter and half-inch are possible. AccuWeather.com was predicting a 67 percent chance of precipitation between the hours of 7 and 10 p.m. on Saturday, with a light, intermittent rain and drizzle becoming steadier rain as game time nears. The scheduled starting pitchers for both clubs -- Joe Saunders for the Angels and A.J. Burnett for the Yankees -- are aware of the forecasts and the possibility that they may wind up pitching on Sunday instead of Saturday, or enduring a delay of some length. "For us, it's just a matter of taking care of business, and whatever the weather throws at us, we have to deal with it, just like the Yankees have to deal with it," Saunders said. "They're just as cold as we are." "The weather is not going to be a factor," Burnett said. "And if I need an extra day because of the weather, I'll do what I have to do to be ready for Sunday." In the event of a postponement, Yankees spokesman Jason Zillo said that the tickets for Game 2 would be honored when that game is played. For example, if Saturday's game is pushed to Sunday, the tickets would be accepted at Yankee Stadium gates then. Major League Baseball has made no official announcement as of yet concerning a start time if Game 2 were to be moved to Sunday. The Yankees have invited all fans interested in weather updates concerning future home games to check out Yankees.com/weather. Bryan Hoch is a reporter for MLB.com. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.
by Ted Manna American Reporter Correspondent Colorado Springs, Colo. September 7, 2008 PALIN: OUT OF THE PLANE AND INTO THE FIRE COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept. 6, 2008-- This is how it starts, this elaborate electoral dance with the country's voters. Republican candidate for president Sen. John McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin stepped off their brightly-lit Straight Talk Air chartered jet last night, into a cool mist visible in the blazing headlights of the happy caravan that waited to carry them straight toward their date with destiny - Election Day. It won't be cool and misty around Gov. Palin for long, however. The campaign of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama has already sc`ored her for attracting some $300 in earmarks for every man, woman and child in Alaska - compared to the national average of $30 per person in other states. She quickly struck back on Saturday, though, saying Sen. Obama had won more than abillion dollars in earmarks for hi Illinois constituency. "Just wait till John McCain puts a stop to that," she said. McCain pleaded in his acceptance speech last Thursday night to end the coveted earmarks that cost American taxpayers billions of dollars each year but individually benefit just a few in their home states. The long-distance exchange as she related it was nonetheless enough to spark wild cheers and applause from an appreciative audience. In the words of one campaign worker, she "has ignited this campaign like a California wildfire." The nominees brought their "Road to Victory Rally" to this Rebublican bastion in the shadow of the mighty Pikes Peak Friday afternoon, and the 10,000 tickets distributed didn't come close to meeting the demand. The 85,000 voices cheering for the Democrats' presidential pick, Sen. Barack Obama, 60 miles north in Denver, had barely died away before the reverberations of McCain's stunning vice-presidential selection reached the Rocky Mountains. In this sprawling city at the foot of the Rockies that is home to the U.S. Air Force Academy and widely known for its conservative voters, Palin took the occasion to blast Sen. Joe Biden, who has said she will be a "formidable" opponent in upcoming vice-presidential debates despite little experience to compare to Biden's 30 years in Congress, where he chairs the Senate Foreign Relations committee. The rally was a remarkable contrast to one a near here a month ago, when McCain stood before just 300 workers at a Colorado company to ask for their votes. After his startling choice of a running mate seized the media spotlight, this afternoon to an overflow crowd of 13,000, and many more were turned away for lack of space. As thousands waved American flags inside a cavernous hangar, Palin called Sen. Biden "a fine man" but one flawed by his Establishment ties, according to Newsday. "Senator Biden can claim many chairmanships across many, many years in Washington. He certainly has many friends in Washington's establishment," Palin said. "But most of his admirers," she said, "would not call him an agent of change." But, she said, "Senator McCain has called us a ticket of mavericks." This was the third stop together in the 72 hours since McCain accepted hia party's highest accolade in Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minn., the site of the Republican National Convention, after brief stops in Wisconsin and Chicago. Barely pausing at the top of the stairway of the campaign plane "Straight Talk Express," McCain, accompanied by his wife Cindy, and Alaska's Gov. Palin, were loaded into a waiting black SUV and their accompanying entourage quickly sped off. Flanked by U.S. Secret Service vehicles, local police cruisers and motorcycles, the motorcade's flashing lights flared briefly, not even causing a ripple on the Ronald Reagan Highway, the name given to Interstate 25 in staunchly Republican El Paso County - home to the evangelical Christian congregation Focus on the Family's and former GOP presidential candidate Rep. Tom Tancredo. It's probably not coincidence that the first major stop on the campaign trail was here, the home of McCain's most vocal detractors in the GOP ranks. Rev. James Dobson, who heads Focus on the Family has stated previously he would not support the Arizona senator's presidential bid, but that stance softened sowmewhat after the convention. The strong conservative base is sure to jump on the Palin bandwagon however, given her opposition to abortion and contraceptives in high schools. The campaign did not respond to The American Reporter's query on the timing or location of the first stop on the Road to Victory tour, but it is sure to benefit from media coverage of scores of adoring Palin fans, who themselves are reminiscent of the kind of attention Obama first generated here in his primary battle. The allure of the first women Republican vice-presidential candidate seems to match the response to the country's first African-American nominee for President. Joe Shea contributed to this story from Florida.
- You are here: - Auto News > - sonic pricing Chevrolet has just released pricing on its 2013 Sonic RS sporty hatchback. The edgy five door, with its turbocharged powerplant will start at $20,995 (*including destination charges) for the six-speed manual model. Those desiring a six-speed automatic will have to scrape up $22,280. The RS sets ... General Motors has officially announced pricing for the 2012 Chevrolet Sonic. The subcompact sedan will start at $14,495 (including destination charges) while the five-door model will command a slightly steeper $15,395 MSRP. Those figures net buyers a 1.8-liter naturally-aspirated four-cylinder ...
As Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince approaches, four new TV spots have gone online to advertise the film. If you're one of the many fans dying to see the film, you may be able to suck on the marrow of these clips and find enough to sustain yourself while we wait for July 15. The clips are largely similar in content, focusing on Harry and Dumbledore's trip to a sea cave, Harry's trip into Dumbledore's memories in the "Pensieve", and the climactic attack by CENSORED on CENSORED. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is out on July 15. Share your coping strategies on the long, long wait below. Harry Potter 6 looks like the most promising movie of the summer. If they can pull it off, it could easily be the best film in the series. P.S. evildave39, I think that the PG rating is for the film in America. I'm pretty sure that it's receiving a 12A rating in Britain. ains the scariest moment out of all the books Which bit dyou mean? The death of *cough*? And how about all the death and destruction in Deathly Hallows? The battle of Hogwarts better ramp it up to an 18, sharpish, else there ain't enough blood/guts. Screw the kids. Rated PG huh? Interesting considering it contains the scariest moment out of all the books. I can't imagine how they'll make the final book anything less than a 12 and that may be a stretch. Still looks crackin' though. Oh, FIRST! More
|The purpose of the study was to investigate the academic self-concept on academic achievement among university students. The academic self-concept information among university students was collected using the Liu and Wang (2005) academic self-concept scale which was composed of two subscales; academic confidence and academic effort. The study was conducted on 394 university students; males and females from different levels of study and faculties in a public university in Malaysia. MANOVA was used to analyse the collected data and the results revealed that there was a statistically significant effect of gender on academic effort and academic achievement, while also a statistically significant difference was shown in faculties on academic achievement. Again a difference was noted in the interaction between gender, faculties, and levels of study on academic achievement. The Post Hoc results indicated that a statistically significant difference existed in between the faculties Arts and Human Sciences.
The more spheres you grab the faster you go. How far can you get? With over 18 weapons to be bought and 18 other powers that includes and not limited to air strikes, armageddon and even an AI turret. Major Masher's goal is to collect soul capsules and assimilate them whilst attacking waves of enemies. Jake is back. More sniper missions with fantastic firepower! Another private investigator game. Can you solve it? I have no idea how to explain this one. Just play it...lol This game is sorta like spider man. You need to swing on a rope to get around.
Use the comment box below to let us know what article you think is most important and/or would like to know more about. A lawsuit filed in the federal district court of Hawaii attracted attention nationally... Extra content for the June issue of PUBLIC WORKS magazine Article Links for the February Issue of PW Mag Please read our Content Guidelines before posting. 2013 Hanley Wood, LLC. All rights reserved.
Year Round Savings Every item in this category is buy one get one 50% off if you ship to the same address. To get this amazing savings all you need to do is add two of these products to your cart and ship them to the same address. You will automatically save 50% off the lower priced item. Sign up today and get a code to use on your first order!
What can you do to create a healthier personal environment? Assess your nest. Working with a home inspector, public health professional, contractor, or other construction expert as a guide, ask yourself some questions to evaluate your current house or apartment's environmental health: - Are you free of the "big three?" Radon, mold, and lead are all common home toxins. Radon testing is widely available, and best practices exist in new construction to minimize radon entry into the property. Check for moisture problems that act as hotbeds for mold growth, and look into mold testing if necessary. Finally, lead is present in many older homes' paint and pipes. Call your local public health department for information on testing for and eliminating lead in your home. - How well-ventilated is your home? While solid construction decreases your home's energy loss, a home that is too airtight can seal in indoor air pollutants. Proper ventilation also helps control moisture and reduce risk of mold and other environmental health concerns. Simple fixes to increase ventilation include installing ceiling fans and operable skylights and windows. - Does your landscaping contribute to your environmental health? Large lawns traditionally require greater pesticide use, and increase air and noise pollution generated from mowing. Consider planting perennial groundcovers, native foliage, or other low-maintenance landscaping. Even better, landscape with edible plants and devote a portion of your yard to organic vegetable gardening. Before you rent or begin new construction, consider these additional questions: - Will your new space support recycling/reuse with storage space for cans, bottles, paper, and other items? - What is your potential home's proximity to major noisemakers like airports, railroad tracks, or highways? - What will keep you warm? Although most mainstream commercial insulations are considered safe, check out some healthy alternative insulation, including those made with recycled denim and other cloth, wool, icynene and nanogel. - How big is your planned home? Small is good. A well-planned home with less square footage uses fewer building and maintenance resources. Clear the air. Consider these steps toward improving indoor air quality: - In your home, radon and mold tend to be the most serious barriers to indoor air quality. Relatively inexpensive tests exist to assess your home's mold and radon levels. - The United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) offers guidelines about common workplace air quality complaints, which usually focus on temperature, humidity, lack of outside air ventilation or smoking. Find out more . - For employees in farming and industrial fields, on-the-job outdoor air quality is also a concern. Each state has a department of environmental health within its main health department that can advise workers and employers on outdoor air quality regulations. To find your state's health department, visit the Centers for Disease Control site. - If you smoke, stop. If you live with someone who smokes, insist on a strict outdoor smoking policy. Approximately 3,000 American adults die of lung cancer each year due to secondhand smoke exposure. In young children, secondhand smoke increases the risk of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) and asthma. Know your H20. Increase your water quality with these tips: - The longer water has been sitting in pipes, the more lead it may contain. Run or "flush" your tap for up to two minutes, depending upon how long it's been between uses. - Since hot water is more likely to contain lead, only drink, cook and make baby formula with cold water. - The only way to be totally certain about your home's water quality is to have it tested. This is especially important for people in high-rise buildings, where "flushing" the pipes may not be as effective. Your local water supplier, health department or university can offer information about credible testing resources. - Water filters have been shown to increase purity. Filters can range from simple pitcher-based systems to more elaborate reverse-osmosis home units. - Remember that bottled water is not necessarily of higher quality than regular tap water. And according to the Natural Resources Defense Council, 60 million plastic bottles a day are manufactured, transported and then disposed of in U.S. landfills, compromising your community's environmental health. Green your cleaning. Are your cleaning products messing up your health? While we're far from knowing the health impact of all chemicals used in cleaning agents, you can easily (and very inexpensively) create your own house-healthy cleaners. Some tips: - Mix either vinegar or baking soda with warm water in a spray bottle, and you've got an effective, all-purpose cleansing agent. - Bypass commercial air deodorizers, many of which contain formaldehyde. Instead, add cinnamon, essential oils, cloves, or any herbs you like to a pan of boiling water, and let the sweet steam deodorize. - On laundry day, reach for Borax (sodium borate). This natural mineral acts as a stain-remover, bleach alternative and detergent booster. Baking soda can remove stains and deodorizes, and cornstarch absorbs greasy stains and starches your clothing. Lemon juice can also double for bleach. - Salt (sodium chloride) is a mild abrasive for cleaning bathrooms and kitchens. - Consider hiring a "green" cleaning service, or ask your traditional housekeeper to use the methods and products you find healthiest. Increase your chemical awareness. While it's impractical to try to have no contact with chemicals, you can reduce your chemical exposure in relatively simple ways: - Some beauty products contain chemicals that are anything but pretty. For example, nail polish, body lotions, and perfumes often contain phthalates, a controversial substance linked to birth defects in animals and possibly humans. Shampoos that attack dandruff might also play havoc on your health; the active ingredient selenium sulfide is a neurotoxin and possible carcinogen. Hair dyes often have coal tar, another chemical linked to cancer. So read labels, and choose a product that will be as lovely for your health as it is for your appearance. - Don't create toxic trash. If you're tossing old medications, resist flushing them down the toilet, where they can invade water supplies. Also consider calling your local recycler, many of which accept old cleaning products, paint, oil and other chemicals that create even more treacherous landfills. - Be sure to air out your garments after a trip to the drycleaners. Dry cleaning employs a chemical called perchloroethylene, which is actually toxic to humans. Some environmentally conscious cleaners use methods that do not contain "perc;" seek them out. Better yet, when possible choose clothing that only requires a trip to your laundry room, not a professional cleaner. - Be mindful of plastic use. Some plastics contain bisphenol A (BPA), an estrogen-like chemical potentially linked to cancer. Experts also advise against microwaving food in plastic containers; although research is inconclusive, the heating process is thought to release chemicals from the plastic into your food. Reusing plastic bottles is another source of controversy. Some experts think reuse is safe if you carefully wash and dry the bottles between each use, while others feel that wear and tear on the plastic causes toxic chemical leakage. An always-safe alternative is glass. Finally, you can reduce the amount of plastic produced by recycling. Look at the bottom of your plastic container for a number from 1-7. Items labeled 1 or 2 (usually soft drink, jjuice, water, milk, and detergent containers) are eligible for curbside recycling. Numbers higher than 2 are either unrecyclable or require special drop-off at a recycling center. Reduce the roar. Decrease sound pollution at home and work with these simple suggestions: - Employ low-tech solutions like earplugs and heavy curtains to block street noise. - White noise machines and noise-cancelling headphones also create quiet. - Double-paned windows reduce outdoor noise, including jet traffic. - Before you begin new construction projects, communicate with your architect and/or contractor about noise reduction options. Some building materials and methods offer greater sound absorption or masking than others. - When you are engaged in construction projects, or if you work in construction or another noisy trade, always wear hearing protection on the job. - Be mindful about your personal noise production. For example, are you really watching your television, or is it simply on as "background noise?" Could you use a push mower instead of a power model, a shovel rather than a snow blower? Could you bike instead of drive? Select "vibrate" rather than the latest ringtone? Even small actions increase the peace. Raise your EMF awareness. It is important to note that research on EMF exposure is ongoing. But these easy actions just might improve your wellbeing: - When possible, use a land line rather than your cell phone. - Use a hands free device or speaker phone function if using a cell phone. - Do not stand directly in front of your microwave oven while it's in use, or simply use your conventional oven. - Limit your computer time. - Use manual versions of personal care tools: an old-fashioned toothbrush rather than an electric model, or a razor instead of an electric shaver. - Don't sleep under an electric blanket. - Sit several feet from your television screen. Enjoy local and organic foods. The foods you choose not only impact your health from a nutritional standpoint, but from an environmental angle as well. Think about these fast facts: - Eating locally grown produce means less transportation is required to get that apple from the tree to your table. This translates to reduced air and noise pollution in your community. - Organic farming doesn't employ the pesticides often used in non-organic methods. That means that eating organic produce may reduce your ingestion of chemicals, and that pesticides will not leach into local water supplies. Joining a Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) food plan might "cleanse" your diet and help your water supply. - Research indicates that raising livestock increases greenhouse gas emissions, pollutes water supplies, and contributes to land degradation and deforestation. Food for thought next time you're choosing between a steak and a salad.
Internet & WWW Events SEARCH : Home : Events Internet Conference Calendar KWeb's Internet Conferences - MIT Research Program on Communications Policy Workshops and Seminars - DCI is the largest high technology education and management consulting firm in North America. DCI offers seminars, trade shows & expositions, and consulting services. - This is a list of conferences relevant to hypertext and networking. Reverse chronological order. Mail firstname.lastname@example.org to add to this list. Related WWW Sites - Bakers Conferences about the Web or Internet - Upcoming Internet Conferences - MeklerWeb Tradeshow Listings Add Link | Copyright © 1994-2005 Unix Guru Universe
In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, the town of Rinteln underwent an economic boom, and the period saw the founding of the Ernestina University. Most of the half timbered buildings standing today date from this period. Rinteln's prosperity was severely affected by its involvement in the in the Thirty Years War, and by the plague which killed off half of the population. During the eighteenth century, the town twice fell to the French army, and on one occasion was almost completely destroyed on the orders of Napoleon. The coming of the railway in 1875 saw a return to economic growth, and the beginning of a large glass manufacturing plant. Rinteln managed to survive WWII without any serious damage. The centre of Rinteln retains its medieval character, with its timbered houses situated with in the old town walls. The Historic Walk starts on the Rinteln market place with the beautiful half timbered houses. The most splendid building at this market place is the Ratskeller, the former Rinteln townhall (until 1900). On foot or by motobike, either way one can discover Rinteln's beauty and its loveliest hilly landscape just by following the paths or routes along the Weser river, which do remain beside the river from the beginning on. The night watchman patrolled through the city and watched out of fires. Today you can still see the night watchman as statue at the market square. But there's also a night watchwoman! She's still alive and you can see her once a month. More info: Next to one of the towers of the fortifications you find the district of "Hinter der Mauer" Once the poorest part of Rinteln it is now the nicest in my eyes. Please compare the size of the house with the size of the car! Unbelievable, there are still living people in the house! This church is the only survival edifice of the former convent. In here, in 1621 the Rinteln University was founded. After the university was removed to Marburg in 1820 the building was used as a classical secondary school. In 1875 it was newly built. The Ratskeller was until 1900 the town hall of Rinteln. It was built in 13th century and between 1598 and 1604 it was remodeled in Weser-Renaissance style. Today it is used for events and in the groundfloor a restaurant can be found. This richly decorated half timbered house has been a museum for a long time. it is one of the oldest buildings in Rinteln. The Church of St. Sturmius was built in New Gothic style between 1884 -1888. It is dedicated to St. Sturmius, a student of Holy Bonifatitius. At this shady park was once located the old fortress It was razed in 1807 and one year later a park was planted there.. The Archivhäuschen was constructed in 1565 by colonel Hilmar von Münchhausen. It is still used as archive.
Posted at 1:08 PM on October 23, 2007 by Julia Schrenkler Minnesota Life group contributor Layne Underwood shared her most recent photos of her horse surrounded by our state's fall colors and light. * View the photos and join the online discussion: Playing with the light...and Baraka. * Enjoy other photos shared in MPR's Minnesota Life group on Gather * Publish your own photos and share them with us
The Bottom Whisperer: Freak Like Me Greeting fandome! Hope everyone is having an awesome week. Happy hump day! Follow me on facebook and twitter if you aren’t already. If you’re lucky I might go all Chris Brown and tweet pictures of my junk (not really). Check out last week’s column just in case you missed it. Dear Bottom Whisperer, I recently came out of the closet after being away at college for my sophomore year. I made friends at school who helped make my coming out experience really great. My family has also been very supportive since I came out to them. I recently went on a few dates with a guy from one of my classes. On our third date we went back to his place and got it on. Once we got down to our underwear and were making out on his bed he stopped for a second and with a kinda embarrassed look said to me “I just want you to have a heads up so you aren’t disappointed, I am not very hung. Don’t worry tho, I am totally cool just being the bottom sexually.” This really took me off guard and kinda killed the mood. We made out some more but then I told him I had to head home. I feel weird now because we had a nice time together. So many things are going through my head. Do less hung guys have to be the bottom? If I’m not hung do I have to apologize to the guy I’m with? This whole situation just kinda blew my mind. I feel awkward around him now and I think he is into me and wants to keep seeing each other. Trying Out Playing Sorry There is no gay rulebook, and if there were, it would not have a rule that you have to apologize if your member isn’t “above average”. This guy clearly has some insecurity about what he’s packing downstairs, not your issue to deal with/take on/worry about. There are plenty of guys out there who are average and not hung who are tops. Your old pal The Bottom Whisperer can vouch that there are some bottom boys out there packing some serious heat downstairs. Unless you run your sex life like a communist work program, people should be welcome to do whatever they want (within reason) in the bedroom. Not every hung guy wants to be a big old top daddy, not every average guy wants to bite the pillow. Good on you for seeing how ridiculous this way of thinking is. I hope your dinner friend can have a similar moment of clarity. Yes there are people who fetishize hung guys, just like there are people who fetishize certain body types, ethnicity, body modification, etc. Don’t allow yourself to be put into a box because of your physical features. Never apologize for being the way that you are (unless it’s drunk and you just spilled on a really nice piece of furniture) and feel good about you! If you want to top, bottom, both, neither, in a car, in a bar, with a star…. Go for it. There are no rules, besides rules are just there to be broken. Happy humping! Dear Bottom Whisperer, I’m a twenty-something, educated, professional gay man living on the West Coast. I have been seeing a guy romantically for a couple of months now. We really enjoy each other and are about at the point where we should discuss seeing each other exclusively. But there is one thing that has been weighing heavily on my conscience as of late. My awesome gentleman-friend is very close to his ex-boyfriend. Normally this wouldn’t be an issue for me but it is pretty obvious that his ex still has some serious feelings for him. I don’t bring it up because I don’t want to let it affect what we have going on. I will say that I have caught his ex meddling in our affairs a couple of times such as checking up on me with mutual friends. I can’t help but think this is part of a much greater plan to get me out of the picture and get back with him. I’m not an insecure person but this is bothering me and I am looking for a way of resolving it while also keeping this great thing going with my beau. Advice please? Shouldn’t Consider Reciprocating Alleged Manipulation Thanks for the great question! You say that you don’t want the influence of a shady ex to interrupt or affect what you have going on. I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news but it already is. I think it is great that you haven’t flipped and asked your man-friend what is up or to pick one of you, because that would just make you look bad. It is possible your guy is a bit of an attention whore and loves having 2 hot guys pine after him, he could also be completely clueless. Either way, don’t let this guy’s actions sweat you because he is just trying to get a reaction out of you, and if you give it to him, you give him the keys to the Porsche. He will know he can get a stir out of you and then it is game over. Now if he continues and even becomes more brazen with his attempts to manipulate you or your guy, you’re gonna have to put the ball in your man’s court. A simple “Maybe we should take a break so you can work through some of the stuff you have hanging around from your ex.” Should do the trick. If he likes you he will get the picture. By allowing his ex to meddle with your business you are not setting healthy boundaries with your new guy. These situations happen quite a bit and it is very difficult as the new person in the dynamic to come out of it looking like a class act. Most people wanna get all Jerry Springer and start a screaming match. Don’t stoop so low. If this guy is a good fit and meant to be, he needs to reel it in and get his ex in check. I’d even advise you to save that conversation about being exclusive until that very thing happens. Best of luck!
LONDON, January 14, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Savvy consumers looking to save money on their energy bills on comparethemarket.com, one of the UK's leading price comparison sites, will now be able to claim a collectable meerkat toy. As part of the Meerkat Toy Collection, consumers who switch energy suppliers through comparethemarket.com, will receive one of the six collectable Meerkat toys. The range includes the original characters - Aleksandr and Sergei - as well as Bogdan, the meerpup; Vassily, a regular rocker at the Queasy Mongoose pub; Maiya, the schoolteacher; and Yakov the toymaker. All toys come in their own individual presentation box, accompanied by a certificate of authentication. The toys cannot be bought and the only way consumers can receive one is by making a qualifying purchase via comparethemarket.com. James Padmore, Senior Manager, at comparethemarket.com comments: "Over a million toys have been claimed since the launch of the Meerkat Toy Collection. Now consumers can not only shop around and get the best deal on their energy bills, but also be rewarded with one of Britain's most sought after collectables." Specialising in more than just car insurance, comparethemarket.com provides customers with an easy way to find the right deal on a wide range of insurance and financial products including car insurance, home insurance, van insurance, bike insurance, life insurance, pet insurance and credit cards. It also offers comparisons for a range of household utilities including electricity, gas, phone, broadband and digital TV. - comparethemarket.com was launched in 2006 and has grown rapidly over the past six years to become one of the UK's leading price comparison websites. - comparethemarket.com provides customers with an easy way to make the right choice for them on a wide range of products including motor, home, life, travel and pet insurance as well as utilities and money products such as, credit cards and loans. - comparethemarket.com actively selects its brand partners, working with the best and most trusted organisations to ensure quality service to consumers. comparethemarket.com is a trading name of BISL Limited. BISL Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. Registered Address: Pegasus House, Bakewell Road, Orton Southgate, Peterborough, PE2 6YS. Registered in England number 3231094.
Welcome to my official blog. I am a professional photographer based in London / Cape Town specialising in wedding photography. a wealth of experience and an eye for design, I have tried and tested many different aspects of photography. It’s great to be able to work with people of all ages and backgrounds and it’s most rewarding when you’re able to capture those special moments.
Disc-overy debuted in the Official New Zealand Top 40 Albums on 10 January 2011. It has been in the Top 40 Albums for two weeks with a highest position of #31. There is one album by Tinie Tempah in the Top 40 Albums. 100% New Zealand Music All content on this website is copyright to muzic.net.nz and other respective rights holders. Redistribution of any material presented here without permission is prohibited. Report A Problem
Tiny transistor stays where it's put Doing well with silicon and phosphorus – one atom at a time The team that earlier this year characterized a four-atom wire that obeys Ohm’s Law has now demonstrated a repeatable single-atom transistor. While single atoms have been observed acting like transistors in the past, the ‘device’ demonstrated by the UNSW, University of Melbourne and Purdue team is exceptional in that it has been engineered and can be built repeatably. And with high precision: by creating a well-like structure to contain the atom, the researchers claim they’ve eliminated the 10nm positional uncertainties now observed in single-atom transistors. As Dr Martin Fuechsle, lead author of the group’s paper (published in Nature Nanotechnology) explains, this accurate positioning is needed “if you want to use it as a qubit”. It was achieved by lifting one silicon atom out of a group of six using a scanning tunnelling electron microscope, and replacing it with the phosphorus atom. The structure includes markers that allow researchers to attach contacts to it and apply a voltage. The single phosphorus atom in its well in the centre of a silicon crystal, shown in this Purdue simulation. While the transistor exists as a single phosphorus atom, the entire structure is a little bigger: the atom has to be confined in a well or channel in a silicon crystal. It also needs to be kept at -196°C to operate, as Purdue’s Gerhard Klimeck explains. “The atom sits in a well or channel, and for it to operate as a transistor, the electrons must stay in that channel.” This explains the need for cold: “At higher temperatures, the electrons move more and go outside of the channel”. "By achieving the placement of a single atom, we have, at the same time, developed a technique that will allow us to be able to place several of these single-atom devices towards the goal of a developing a scalable system,” says Michelle Simmons, director of UNSW’s ARC Centre for Quantum Computation and Communication. Such techniques are also important, she says, because it allows an exotic device to be built using materials familiar to the computer industry. A UNSW video discussing the technology is below. ®
Trey Hillman Pregame Media Session: September 5 A list of injured Royals came out this afternoon during manager Trey Hillman’s dugout interview. Royals starters Brian Bannister and Gil Meche are out due to sore right shoulders and each will miss at the very least their next scheduled starts, beyond that is yet to be determined at this point. Taking their rotation spots will be LHP Bruce Chen and last night’s starter, Robinson Tejeda. Outfielder Jose Guillen has been shut down for the rest of the season to allow him the optimum amount of time needed to recuperate and get healthy for spring training next season. Reliever John Bale is out indefinitely and quite possibly for the rest of the season with a strained hamstring which he aggravated in last night’s game against the Angels. Second basemen Alberto Callaspo injured his ankle in last night’s affair and is out of the line-up for tonight’s game. Lastly, reliever Kyle Farnsworth tweaked his back, also in last night’s game, but is probable for the game tonight. Three New Royals Well, with so many injured Royals pitchers, who is going to take their place? Let me introduce you to new Royals pitchers, #31 LHP Dusty Hughes, #47 RHP Victor Marte, and #53 RHP Carlos Rosa, all of whom will be contributing in relief. “They have good stuff, we are in need of pitching but that doesn’t diminish what they have done, they got here on their own merit. We are going to work with them on their command, location, and being more efficient with not getting behind in the count as much. This is an evaluation process for each one of them, we are excited to see what they can do at this level,” says Hillman. For Hughes and Marte, this is their first time in the bigs. Rosa was up for a brief stay last year.
Police: Two arrested in city heroin bust Staff Report | March 22,2013 A drug raid at an East Street home in Rutland netted about $20,000 worth of heroin and led to the arrest of two individuals who will answer to trafficking and heroin sales in Rutland criminal court today. A team of federal state and Rutland City police officer arrested Isaiah Hakin Bilal, 19, of Bronx, N.Y., and Nicole D. Smith, 39 of Rutland, during a search of 54 East St. on Thursday. City police say information received during a drug interdiction operation in the neighborhood led law enforcement officers to the home where 53.2 grams of heroin - the equivalent of 1,678 bags of the drug - an unspecified amount of marijuana and $5,700 in cash were seized. Police say Bilal was charged with heroin trafficking and sale of heroin in relation to drug selling that allegedly took place from the address. He was jailed on $500,000 bail. Smith was charged with conspiracy to trafficking heroin, sale of heroin and possession of the drug. She was jailed on $250,000. Both are expected to appear in Rutland criminal court today for arraignment.
- Sticky, Gooey, Creamy, Chewy - http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com - Easter Brunch SGCC-Style Posted By Susan On April 1, 2012 @ 4:31 pm In Holidays,Recipes,SGCC Rewinds | 13 Comments Of the great triumvirate of Christian holidays (Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter), Easter is my favorite. While I love eating myself into oblivion at Thanksgiving, and Christmas (the gifts are nice too), I actually enjoy the fact that Easter isn’t as food-centric. I find it to be a much more relaxing and low-key holiday than the others, which in turn means less stress for me. And, I’m all about less stress these days! While, it would be unthinkable in my family to have Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner in a restaurant (gasp!), the same does not apply to Easter. Unless we’re invited to someone’s home, we almost always enjoy our Easter meal at one of our favorite restaurants. On the other hand, if your family is anything like mine, they will be clamoring for food long before the time a 4:00 dinner reservation rolls around. To stave off the hungry horde, I always prepare a few dishes ahead of time that can either be warmed up in the oven or simply served cold that morning. Here are some great “stress-less” brunch ideas from the SGCC archives for a lovely, laid back, Easter Sunday brunch. Fresh, ripe strawberries are blended with yogurt, sour cream, lime juice and honey to make this rich and lush chilled soup. It’s like a cross between a mousse and a smoothie. Frozen berries can also be used in a pinch. Whip it up a day or two in advance, although it may not last that long. Chicks in a Nest  Chicks in a Nest is a great dish to serve for a brunch buffet. Each serving is completely self-contained and can just be picked up and popped on a plate. The “nests” are made from shredded potatoes that are baked in a muffin tin, which are then served filled with scrambled or poached eggs. You can shred your own potatoes or use a bag of the pre-shredded kind, like I did. The potato nests can be made a day ahead and crisped up in the oven before serving. A strata is casserole made with bread, eggs and whatever cheese, meats or vegetables you feel like putting into it. Think of it as a savory bread pudding. This one is filled with onions, ham, mozzarella and Swiss cheese. The best thing about a strata is that it’s meant to be made in advance. In fact, it really must be put together and allowed to sit for several hours or overnight before baking. For your trouble, you’re rewarded with a puffy and golden mass of cheesy, meaty, eggy goodness. A kugel is actually a Jewish dish, commonly served on holidays and special occasions. It’s a baked casserole, sweet or savory, that is usually made with egg noodles or potatoes, and often with cottage or cream cheese. In this savory version, I’ve blended cottage cheese, sour cream and a velvety chevre with noodles and assorted vegetables for a sumptuous dish with a subtle tang. A dusting of panko crumbs on top gives it a little crunch and extra texture. This kugel is best baked up a day ahead and served at room temperature. This light and luscious chicken salad is chock full of fresh and dried fruits and nuts bathed in a creamy dressing punctuated with fresh herbs. You can use any combination and quantity of fruits, nuts and herbs that you like, and it always turns out great. Served in big, juicy, hollowed out tomatoes, pineapple boats or avocado halves, this Tutti Frutti Chicken Salad really sings Springtime! This lovely little salad features crisp tender green beans, potatoes, sweet grape tomatoes and thin slivers of red onion. I pair it with a zesty vinaigrette, accented with Dijon mustard, lemon, garlic, honey and fresh herbs. Serve it either warm or chilled and topped with some chopped hard boiled egg for extra richness. It makes a lovely complement to any meal. This pasta salad is quick and ridiculously easy to put together. And, it’s full of zesty, bold flavors. The dressing is simply a mixture of mayonnaise, lemon juice and store bought pesto sauce – the kind you find in the refrigerator section at the supermarket. You can serve it as is, or punch it up by mixing in some poached chicken, tuna or tasty little salad shrimp. Any way you serve this Presto Pesto Pasta Salad, your guests will be dishing out the complements! Pizza Rustica  Of course, no Easter Sunday brunch at Chez SGCC would be complete without a few traditional Italian Easter pies, like this Pizza Rustica. It’s a big, cheesy, meaty, creamy hunk of a pie stuffed to the gills with six different kinds of cured and fresh meat. Yes, I said SIX! One slice is pretty much a complete meal in itself. A Pizza Rustica does take some time to put together, but trust me, it is worth the effort. Plus, it can be made a few days in advance and is best served at room temperature. Torta di Riso  Torta di Riso is a rich and creamy egg and ricotta based dessert pie filled filled with cooked Arborio rice and delicately flavored with the essence of orange. Think of it as rice pudding in a crust. This pie is usually made using a traditional rolled pie crust. But, I’ve made it a little easier to make and more interesting to eat by using layers of paper thin phyllo dough to envelope my filling. The phyllo gives this torta a delightfully crispy, buttery crust that shatters beneath your teeth as you bite into it. It’s simply amazing! And, we certainly can’t forget dessert, especially when it’s a luxuriously rich and creamy cheesecake like this one! My version of this Italian classic is made with both ricotta and mascarpone cheeses, giving it a super silky smooth texture. I flavor it with the heady combination or pure vanilla and a splash of orange flower water, that is sure to make both you and your guests swoon. Buttery Lemon Bars  Lemon Bars are a quintessential Springtime treat. This version boasts a rich and buttery shortbread crust topped with an ultra-lemony curd that is the perfect balance of sweet and tart. These are honestly the best lemon bars I’ve ever eaten – bar none! Article printed from Sticky, Gooey, Creamy, Chewy: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com URL to article: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2012/04/01/easter-brunch-sgcc-style/ URLs in this post:  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/easter-brunch.jpg  Sumptuous Strawberry Soup: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2008/06/18/summertime-an-the-livin-is-easy/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/strawberry-soup.jpg  Chicks in a Nest: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2009/07/31/breakfast-at-tiffanys-roundup-chicks-in-a-nest/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/ChicksinaNest1.jpg  Anytime Ham, Cheese and Egg Strata: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2011/08/10/anytime-egg-ham-and-cheese-strata-recipe/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Egg-Strata-2.jpg  Vegetable Noodle Kugel: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2009/01/29/savory-vegetable-noodle-kugel-for-rfj/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/kugel-23.jpg  Tutti Frutti Chicken Salad: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2009/08/25/tutti-frutti-chicken-salad/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/chicken-salad-1.jpg  Green Bean and Potato Salad with Dijon Vinaigrette: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2011/07/28/green-bean-and-potato-salad-with-dijon-vinaigrette-recipe/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/green-bean-dijonnaise-2.jpg  Presto Pesto Pasta Salad: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2011/06/28/presto-pesto-pasta-salad-recipe/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/pesto-pasta-salad-4.jpg  Pizza Rustica: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2008/03/15/baking-with-mom-part-1-pizza-rustica/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/pizza-rustica.jpg  Torta di Riso: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2010/03/24/sgcc-encore-torta-di-riso-for-easter/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/torta-di-riso.jpg  Italian Ricotta Cheesecake: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2011/02/20/la-tavola-della-mia-famiglia-italian-ricotta-cheesecake-recipe/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/ricotta-cheesecake-1.jpg  Buttery Lemon Bars: http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/2011/03/20/buttery-lemon-bars-a-recipe-in-pictures-or-what-was-i-thinking/  : http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/lemon-bars-1.jpg Copyright © 2009 StickyGooeyCreamyChewy.com.
Author St. John's Book Annie has a limp and is confined by her parents in a wheelchair. Her parents do not want anyone to see Annie's deformity and therefore allow Annie no freedom. Annie met Luke when she was 10 and he gave her a ride on his horse. She has loved him and he has loved her. But after the ride, and after her brother busted Luke's lip, Luke was forced to go away. Twenty years later Luke has returned to make something of himself and for Annie.... The Doctor's Wife How could she say yes? People like Ellie Parrish did not get proposals of marriage from someone like Dr. Caleb Chaney. Even if his offer was the answer to her prayers, a man as decent and kind as Caleb didn't deserve a woman whose past was a lie. Caleb Chaney could see that Ellie Parrish was a woman with a troubled soul. But he could also see a woman with a heart big enough to love his infant son as though she were his mother, and big enough to teach... The Tenderfoot Bride Widowed, pregnant and homeless, Linnean McConaughy thought she found happiness in a job as a cook and housekeeper on a Colorado ranch. However, to her employer, Will Tucker, she's simply not suited for the grueling work the job requires, even less so when he discovers she's pregnant. As Linnean proves herself time and time again he realizes he doesn't want to live without her and her child, but can Linnean see past Will's rough exterior and her own fear ... View these reviews in summary mode Cheryl St. John Message Board 6/28/2005 9:05:24 AM Talk about the novels, new and used books that St. John has written!
NASCAR® K'NEX Jeff Gordon #24 DuPont Transporter Rig Building Set™ - 1:27 scale truck measures 23.5” long - Set includes over 250 pieces - Jeff Gordon K’NEXman figure - Trailer is large enough to fit two cars (sold separately) inside - Official NASCAR hologram - Step-by-step building instructions - Ages 5 and up Build the transporter rig for your favorite driver's team - Jeff Gordon and #24 DuPont! This NASCAR K’NEX Jeff Gordon #24 DuPont Transporter Rig Building Set includes 250-plus parts as well as a K'NEXman figure in the driver's likeness. This 1:27 scale truck measures approximately 23.5" long and features a trailer large enough to fit two NASCAR K’NEX cars (sold separately) inside. Just place your Jeff Gordon K'NEXman in the driver's seat and head to the track! Custom parts, sponsor logos and color schemes ensure that these rigs resemble the real thing. NASCAR K’NEX set includes official NASCAR hologram and step-by-step building instructions. Recommended for builders ages 5 and up. Standard K'NEX parts made in the USA. Special components are imported. Manufacturer model #: 36170. Need Help? 7 days a week: 7am to 10pm CT or call 1.800.227.7776 anytime
Finsbury Park People can help you find piano and accessory shops in the Finsbury Park area. For more information read reviews from our local users! Why not list your Finsbury Park business on Finsbury Park People? There is 1 business 74 Clifton Court Buy 10 one hour's personal training and share with your friend or enjoy yourself. Before commited the programme please book your Free consultation to chat with personal trainer. Contact: 020 7254 8789 Valid until: Saturday, June 15 2013
Okay, I admit, I eat WAY more ice cream than the average person...at least I'm guessing I do, although I really don't know how much ice cream ya'll eat. I just know I'm guilty of eating it often & FRIED ice cream, it's my favorite! I saw a pin of fried ice cream on Pinterest one night and thought, "I HAVE to try making that!" Want to try making it too? It's a sort of lengthy process but well worth it. Here's what you'll need: (you can also add whip cream & a cherry) First I scooped out four balls of ice cream and set them on wax paper in a baking pan and placed them in my freezer overnight so that they would harden up. Then I put a bunch of cornflakes in a pot and crushed them up REALLY well. To get the cornflake mix ready I added 2 tablespoons of cinnamon. Then the same amount of sugar and mixed it all really well. Closer to when I was ready to actually make my fried ice cream I broke 2 eggs (depends on how much fried ice cream you're making) and separated the yolk from the egg whites. Egg whites get placed in a bowl. Beat well until it looks like this, foamy. Then, I took my ice cream out of the freezer, rolled it in the egg whites and then rolled it again in the corn flake mixture. They go back into the freezer for 3 hours after this. After three hours and getting your oil heated up you can drop a scoop into the hot oil. Be careful. I used a Fry Daddy with a basket so it was pretty easy. I left them in for 15-20 seconds and then pulled them out. Have paper towels ready to set the ice cream on to absorb any extra oil. They turned out awesome!!!! Sorry I don't have any pictures of my fried ice cream all finished in my bowl....but I was too busy eating it, hehe.... If you try making your OWN fried ice cream, let me know how it turned out! Linking this recipe up here:
Bonifay- In day three of testimony in the murder trial of Johnny Sketo Calhoun, the state called six more witnesses to the stand. Half of them were Florida Department of Law Enforcement Agents. Friday was also the first time this week jurors heard testimony regarding DNA evidence discovered in Calhoun's trailer. "I found a partial roll of duct tape and some pieces of duct tape," said FDLE Senior Crime Lab Analyst Charles Richards. Crime lab analyst Trevor Seifret told jurors crime techs found Brown's blood on that tape. He also revealed investigators found both Brown's and Calhoun's blood on other items. The state then introduced another key piece of evidence, a picture of the ceiling of Calhoun's trailer taken by Brown's camera. FDLE Agent Jennifer Roeder testified it was most likely captured December 17, 2010 the same date Brown disappeared. "In the internal workings of the camera, there's usually a setting when you turn on the camera where you can set the date and time and that time and date is stored," said Roeder. Holmes County Sheriff's Office Captain Harry Hamilton and Investigator Michael Raley were the final two witnesses of day. Raley testified as to what Calhoun told deputies when they caught him in his trailer the Monday following Brown's murder. "What was his response?," Assistant State Attorney Brandon Young asked Raley. "That he had been evading and hiding from law enforcement," said Raley. Besides Brown's blood in the trailer, investigators also discovered several strands of her hair. The defense will start presenting its case Monday.
The recruitment policy at ZEE does not just aim at placing the right mind at the right place for the right job. It takes a lot of care to see that the employees are happy and satisfied so that the organisation can have a long and enduring relationship with them and thus make them feel like a part of the family. This in turn, brings out the best in them. The flatness of the hierarchical structure of ZEE forms a base for cross-functional teams to work together regularly thus developing coherence and communication. A panel of senior colleagues oversees recruitments so that rational decisions can be taken and so that all biases are obviated. Every industry has its own aspirational brands that every youngster wants to work with. An ideal culmination of his dreams happens with landing a job with these companies. The Zee network has been one such sought after organization for years! In sync with being the best in the industry, ZEE prioritises its selection of students by virtue of going to the best campuses in the country and picking up only the brightest minds. The very fact that these young recruits bring in fresh perspective, constructive criticism and novel ideas, is something that ZEE stands to gain from. ZEE employs MBA graduates from premier B-Schools in the country as management trainees across various functions and work areas. These students are expected to perform under these various domains sometimes even cross-function across streams and departments for a year as an integral part of their training. This on-the-job training is expected to give them a feeler of real time work functions and pressures and also impart valuable experiential learnings. On the assessment of their contribution at the end of a successful management training programme, these trainees are confirmed as executives in their respective fields of work. ZEE's richness of human resource stems from the body of work and the sincerity in portraying the same. ZEE hand picks professionals from the media industry for junior, middle and senior management positions. Some absolutely critical criteria for these candidates are as follows: Mass communication / any management background (CA/LLB, etc) Considerable exposure in their areas of expertise like programming, direction, promo direction, operations along with a proven track record of excellence An external recruitment happens only if there is no internal response to the advertised vacancy. Last Updated - July 23, 2012
VIT is one of the nation's leading Private Engineering colleges. It is accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA) and All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) of the University Grants Commission (UGC) and also Institution of Engineers, India (IEI). Vellore Institute of Technology offers Admission to B.Tech. Degree Programme based on VIT Engineering Entrance Examination (VITEEE) conducted all over India. VITEEE is a two and a half hour multiple choice type exam
The Lockout (is over!!!!!) View Single Post 12-05-2012, 04:34 PM Join Date: Mar 2011 Originally Posted by Bruce Arthur @bruce_arthur We were just all watching Ron Burkle talk with Don Fehr in a hallway. Other owners flitted around, too. Everyone seemed cheerful. Katie Strang @KatieStrangESPN #CBA Multiple sources confirm that NHL countered in last meeting Common ground is being found and negotiations are actually happening. Last edited by SimplySensational: 12-05-2012 at View Public Profile Find More Posts by SimplySensational
The Assembly regularly monitors the way member states honour their commitments and the compliance of national policies with their obligations as members of the Council of Europe. Congress of local and regional authorities The monitoring exercise provides an important basis on which to enter into a constructive political dialogue with the authorities of member states in connection with local and regional democracy issues and on how the European Charter of Local Self-Government is being implemented. European Court of Human Rights Malta ratified the European Convention on Human Rights on 23 January 1967. Commissioner for Human Rights The Commissioner paid official visits to Malta in 2003 and in March 2011. As an independent institution, his mandate is to promote the awareness of and respect for human rights in Council of Europe member states. Prevention of torture The European Committee for the prevention of torture visits places of detention (for juvenile or immigration detainees, police stations, psychiatric hospitals) in order to assess how persons deprived of their liberty are treated. Fight against racism The Commissioner paid an official visit to Malta in 2003. As an independent institution, his mandate is to promote the awareness of and respect for human rights in Council of Europe member states. Protection of social rights The European Social Charter is a Council of Europe treaty which guarantees social and economic human rights. It was adopted in 1961 and revised in 1996. The European Committee of Social Rights rules on the conformity of the situation in States with the European Social Charter, the 1988 Additional Protocol and the Revised European Social Charter. Protection of minorities The Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities provides for a monitoring system to evaluate how the treaty is implemented in State Parties. An advisory Committee adopts recommendations to improve minority protection. Fight against corruption The Group of States against Corruption (GRECO) monitors member states’ compliance with the Council of Europe anti-corruption standards with the objective to improve the capacity of its members to fight corruption. Fight against money laundering MONEYVAL Committee of experts The committee evaluates the effectiveness of domestic measures to counter money laundering and the financing of terrorism in Council of Europe member states which are not members of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF). Council of Europe member states which are members of MONEYVAL but subsequently become members of the FATF can elect to retain full membership of MONEYVAL. Applicant states for membership and other non-member states which are not members of the FATF may apply to join the terms of reference under certain conditions. The Conference of the Parties under the Council of Europe Convention on Laundering, Search, Seizure and Confiscation of the Proceeds from Crime and on the Financing of Terrorism (CETS No. 198) monitors the proper implementation of the Convention by the Parties. Democracy through Law The European Commission for Democracy through Law - the Venice Commission - is an advisory body on constitutional matters which plays a leading role in the adoption of constitutions that conform to the standards of Europe's constitutional heritage Fight against trafficking in human beings The Group of Experts on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings (GRETA) is responsible for monitoring implementation of the Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings by the Parties. It regularly publishes evaluation reports. European Commission for the Efficiency of Justice (CEPEJ) The aim of the CEPEJ is the improvement of the efficiency and functioning of justice in the member States. Consultative Council of European Prosecutors (CCPE) This consultative body to the Committee of Ministers prepares opinions, promotes the implementation of Rec(2000)19 and collects information about the functioning of prosecution services in Europe. - George Vella, Minister for Foreign Affairs. Malta is represented in the Parliamentary Assembly by a delegation of 3 representatives and 3 substitutes. Malta is represented in the Congress by a delegation of 3 representatives and 3 substitutes The Council of Europe's ordinary budget for 2013 is € 243 970 300. The contribution of Malta is € 285 074. - Judge to the European Court of Human Rights: Vincent A. De Gaetano. (*) Do not include applications which are at the pre-judicial stage (incomplete case file) To date, Malta has ratified and signed the following treaties.
Charles Kallemeyn was admitted to practice in the state of Minnesota in 1988. He attended the College of St. John’s and has a Bachelor of Science Degree from the University of Minnesota and received his law degree from William Mitchell College of Law in 1987. He has had extensive courtroom, motion practice, and trial experience and is a Real Property Specialist as certified by the Minnesota State Bar Association. He is a volunteer attorney with Judicare of Anoka County. Real Estate Specialists as certified by the Minnesota State Bar Association have the training and experience to recognize and resolve issues before they become problems. By choosing an attorney who is a Real Estate Specialist to help you through your real estate issues, you are assured that your attorney:
If you're a "Breaking Bad" devotee, news that the Sundance Channel will begin airing Seasons 1 through 4 of the show (beginning tonight at 11 PM) is a welcome chance to rewatch one of (if not the) greatest TV dramas of all time. And for you "Bad" newbies … we envy you, because you have the chance to experience for the first time the unfolding of an incredibly written and acted story, led by two Emmy-winning actors (Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul) and an Emmy-worthy supporting cast. With the last eight episodes of the series scheduled to premiere on AMC this summer, Sundance's off-network airings will run back to back every Monday night for the show's first 46 installments. Here, five moments every "BB" fan -- new and old -- should catch during the Sundance run (oh, MAJOR SPOILERS ahead): (Warning: The following clips contain violence and adult language.) 1. Workin' at the car wash Make that not working at the car wash. In the series premiere, meek, fed-up high school chemistry teacher Walter White (Cranston) -- who has to work a second job at a car wash just to make ends meet for his family -- does his best Johnny Paycheck when he tells his gruff, bushy-browed car wash boss to take his job and shove it, while referencing the eyebrows, slapping around some air fresheners, and throwing in a crotch grab for good measure. It's the first moment Walt really lets go of years of pent-up frustration, though it's certainly not the last. 2. The birth of Heisenberg Season 1, "Crazy Handful of Nothin'" As Walt's partner in crime, Jesse (Paul) would later proclaim, "Yay, science!" In this case, that science is fulminated mercury, which Walt uses to get the attention -- and the business -- of drug lord Tuco. Old Walt, meek Walt, would never have had the nerve to stand up to the menacing Tuco (Raymond Cruz), but Jesse has been beaten up and Walt's had to shave his head for chemotherapy. And in his new, emboldened state, his alter ego "Heisenberg" strides into Tuco's headquarters, blows the joint up (using the mercury), and demands that Tuco buy his special brand of crystal meth. With payment upfront. 3. What would you do? Season 2, "Phoenix" Walt had a choice in this episode, the penultimate installment of the season, when Jesse's new girlfriend, Jane (Krysten Ritter), was choking to death after a drug binge with fellow addict Jesse: Walt could save her life … or, he could save almost a half-million dollars in cash, and make sure Jane was no longer around to influence Jesse. It took the series' ability to shock -- and Walter White's conscience -- to a whole other level, and led to even more shocking fallout in the season finale. 4. "I am the one who knocks" Season 4, "Cornered" Skyler, realizing fully what danger Walt's enterprise has put her and the kids in, pleads with him to turn to the police to protect them. They're in danger, she argues. But Walter, fully believing his own Heisenberg hype by this point, just gets annoyed with her insistence that he's in danger, and that the bad guys are going to come knocking on their door. "I am not in danger, Skyler, I am the danger … a guy opens his door and gets shot, and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks!" 5. Blown away Season 4, "Face Off" Not even "The Wire" or "The Sopranos" put forth a more complicated, calculating, villain than Giancarlo Esposito's Gus Fring, who found out in a very just way in the Season 4 finale that he was smarter than almost everyone … except Walter White. It was part of a Season 4 ender that was so satisfying it could have served as the "Breaking Bad" series finale (though we're very happy it didn't). "Breaking Bad" airs on Sundance Channel Mondays at 11 PM and midnight.
Olga Pretty Lace Cami Underwire Bra - #35263 That little extra. How many times do you wish that you had something to wear under that low cut top but you don't want to wear another shirt under it. This product is the answer. Great idea...love it! April 17, 2013
For Hometown News TREASURE COAST - Indian River State College has been designated a military friendly school by Victory Media, which honors the top 15 percent of colleges, universities and trade schools that are doing the most to embrace America's military service members, veterans and spouses and to ensure their success as students. "Inclusion on the 2013 list of military friendly schools shows the commitment of Indian River State College to providing a supportive environment for military students," said Sean Collins, director for G.I. Jobs and vice president of Victory Media. IRSC provides a wide range of services for veterans, including providing assistance in obtaining financial aid and certifying enrollment for the Montgomery GI Bill, and the vocational and rehabilitation employment program. The college holds orientation sessions to explain veterans' education benefits and college processes, provides referrals to state and federal agencies and offers free career planning, advisement and tutoring services. IRSC student veterans benefit from joining the Student Veterans Organization. The Veteran's Business Institute offers students the opportunity to earn a business certificate in a cohort group with other veterans, and to continue their education with an associate degree and bachelor's degree in a supportive environment. Every aspects of IRSC is focused on enhancing student success with small classes, one-stop student services, convenient campuses and online courses, resulting in the college's ranking as the 10th top public regional college in the south by US News & World Report. Tuition is affordable, and IRSC students benefit from many opportunities for scholarships and financial aid. IRSC was designated as the fifth most affordable college in the country by the U.S. Department of Education.
Dt 8, 2-3, 14-16 Ps 147, 12-13; 14-15; 19-20 1 Cor 10, 16-17 Jn 6, 51-58 MOSES URGES the Israelites: “Remember, the Lord, your God.” Their memorial is meant to keep them mindful of God's specific saving acts. Moses responds to the all-too-human inclination to forget the Lord, to overlook His redemptive works in our life, to neglect His offer of mercy and disregard God altogether. That we, too, might remain mindful, Jesus gives us the great memorial of the Eucharist. And just as God guided the Israelites in the desert, so He guides our memory as we make our way to Him in the Eucharist. He does this in three ways: The Eucharist responds to the human experience of hunger. God allowed the Israelites to “be a afflicted with hunger” in their desert wandering. But He does so in order to feed them Himself, with the miraculous food of manna, and to persuade them that “man does not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes from the mouth of the Lord.” That is to say, thanks to divine Providence, the experience of hunger leads us back to God. Hunger makes us cherish what really matters most in life— the Word of God. It rekindles our commitment to rely on God to provide what we need to make it through our own vast and terrible deserts, our own struggles with slavery. Hunger reminds us that the craving of our bodies is satisfied only by the human body of Jesus—the Word that proceeds from His mouth, offering us His flesh as food: “He who feeds on my flesh &hellips; has life eternal.” Hunger, then, tests our intention to keep God's commandments, which is the surest sign of our love for Jesus (Jn 14, 21). Hunger makes us “true to his Word” (Jn 14, 22) as we accept the Eucharist—not as mere bread—but as “the best of wheat” filled with God's promise: “Anyone who eats this bread shall live forever.” The Eucharist satisfies hunger with the sustenance of hope. At the same time, the Eucharist recalls how God glories in doing the impossible. The crowd quarrels: “How can He give us His flesh to eat?” But as we live by faith, we experience how the efficacy of the Eucharist transforms contradiction into grace-filled affirmation. Our sharing in the Body of Christ radically changes the way we look at things. Just as every occasion at table reminds us of our sharing in the Body and Blood of Christ, so, too, does every encounter in life prompt us to see the real presence of Jesus, who is at work in our midst as “the life of the world.” And the Eucharist reminds us how we are to regard ourselves. Jesus gives us His flesh and blood as real food and drink, so that we might become His Body. In Communion, Jesus promises to remain in us and we in Him. We are to look beyond the flaws and defects of our human bodies to discover within us the love of Jesus who transforms us into Himself. Father Peter John Cameron, who teaches homiletics at St. Joseph's Seminary in Yonkers, N.Y., is a Register contributing editor.
Shi'ite radical Moqtada al-Sadr's Mahdi Army may have been bloodied by recent confrontations in Basra and Baghdad, but he is cranking up the heat on the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki with a new political-military program carefully tailored to the preferences of Iraqi public opinion. At mosques around Iraq on Friday, his acolytes read a statement outlining new marching orders for his Mahdi Army militia aimed at maximizing his political support ahead of provincial elections scheduled for the fall. A select group of Mahdi Army fighters would continue to bear arms and use them against U.S. forces as long as they remain in Iraq. "Weapons will be in the hands of this group exclusively and will be directed only at the occupier," Sadr's statement said. The rest of the militia, believed to number some 60,000 members, would focus on civic projects and religious initiatives that serve the needs of the Shi'ite community, Sadr said. The new policy signals an end to Sadr's patience for the tattered unilateral cease-fire, which nominally restrained his men against U.S. troops this spring even as heavy fighting unfolded in southern Iraq and eastern Baghdad. More significantly, however, his new guerrilla approach seemed to exempt Iraqi government forces from attack by the Mahdi Army, while pitting his legions in a head-to-head political battle with al-Maliki for the hearts and minds of Iraqi voters ahead of the provincial elections. And continuing to fight U.S. forces seems to reflect an awareness that their long-term presence in Iraq is resented by a majority of Iraqis a resentment that also appears to have caused a stalemate in negotiations between the Iraqi and U.S. governments over a security agreement providing for a long-term American presence in Iraq. Sadr has good reason to concentrate on the election his followers are poised to take the majority of open seats in southern Iraq and in large parts of Baghdad But two things could derail a massive victory at the polls: One would be a public relations disaster like the bloody firefight Sadr's fighters sparked outside a venerated Shi'ite shrine in Karbala roughly a year ago, the episode that led Sadr to declare a cease-fire in the first place. Sadr's new humanitarian drive appears aimed at shoring up his public image in the months before the vote by upstaging al-Maliki's predominantly Shi'ite government, which has struggled to provide basic services even in areas where his supporters live. The second danger is a campaign by government supporters to keep the Sadrists off the ballot, which could spark a new confrontation in the months ahead. Sadr's followers are confident in taking on the government at the polls, but they are already accusing the government of laying the groundwork for a rigged election that would hand provincial power to the Sadrists' main rivals, the government-aligned Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council and its own militia, the Badr Brigade. "They know that the Sadrist movement will win in the south," said a senior official from the main Sadr office in Baghdad who spoke on condition of anonymity. "I don't think we're going to have a chance." Iraq's Independent High Electoral Commission has vowed to ensure a fair contest and avoid the problems that troubled the last round of provincial balloting in 2005. Haider al-Furaijy, the deputy commissioner, says there are no signs of foul play aimed at the Sadrists or anyone else. "So far I don't think this is true," al-Furaijy said. "We are going to take all the necessary procedures to keep the votes clean." Al-Furaijy acknowledged, however, that the government is blocking "militias" from the electoral process and that term is code for the Sadrists, despite the government keeping the Badr Brigade in its corner. If the Sadrists are kept out of the coming elections, Sadr may once again order his people, armed and unarmed, onto the streets to confront the Iraqi government a scenario that, given the massive support Sadr enjoys among the Shi'ite urban poor, would almost certainly end the relative calm that has settled over Iraq in recent months.
Presiders of the rites of initiation, be they clergy or lay people, have options at hand to assist them in making liturgy as effective as it can be. This section confirms the need to be flexible. 35. Celebrants should make full and intelligent use of the freedom given to them either in Christian Initiation, General Introduction (no. 34) or in the rubrics of the rite itself. In many places the manner of acting or praying is intentionally left undetermined or two alternatives are offered, so that ministers, according to their prudent pastoral judgment, may accommodated the rite to the circumstances of the candidates and others who are present. In all the rites the greatest freedom is left in the invitations and instructions, and the intercessions may always be shortened, changed, or even expanded with new intentions, in order to fit the circumstances or special situation of the candidates (for example, a sad or joyful event occurring in a family) or of others present (for example, sorrow of joy common to the parish or civic community). The minister will also adapt the texts by changing the gender and number as required. It’s been my observation that many priests tend to include adaptations more easily in the homily. At a funeral, for example, the homily time may involve recounting the life story of the deceased. That time might, to use one imagined example, refer to the person’s military service, or the person’s volunteer time, or that a person was a good husband, father, etc.. Rarely does this witness transfer to something like the general intercessions. When liturgists are not involved in funeral or in RCIA these sorts of adaptations (some would just call it common sense) don’t often get made. The homily becomes a eulogy. At RCIA, the homily might become a time of celebrating individuals. The alternative is a cohesive integration into the text and prayer of the liturgy. If a catechumen, for example, has become recently engaged, it would make sense for a prayer for engaged couples to be included in the intercessions of the rite. Sometimes the adaptation of the minister goes completely out of the text. If a group of catechumens were having a particularly difficult time, one might consider the adaptation of taking extra silence during the rite to allow a more careful pace and avoid the sense of being rushed or railroaded.
Former St. Joseph's Hospital St. Joseph's Hospital St. Joseph's Apartments Links and documents Listed on the Canadian Register: Statement of Significance Description of Historic Place St. Joseph's Hospital is a four-and-one-half storey plus basement stone Neoclassical Edwardian structure located across the street from St. Ann's Academy. The designation also includes interior features. St. Joseph's Hospital, built in 1876 with additions in 1888, 1897, and 1908, is valued for its association with the Sisters of St. Ann, its connection with the health care of Victoria's citizens, its architecture and architect, and its grounds. St. Joseph's Hospital has value for its association with one of British Columbia's major pioneering religious orders, and for its role in the provision of health care in the region. It is a prominent reminder of the importance of the Sisters of St. Ann to the physical well-being of Victoria's citizens. Founded in Quebec in 1848, the Sisters of St. Ann represent the strong presence of French-Canadian missionaries in British Columbia's formative history. From the Pacific Northwest headquarters of the order at St. Ann's Academy, directly across Humboldt Street from this building, they gradually expanded their missionary work in Victoria to include a school, a convent, a novitiate program, and nursing services to better serve the educational, medical, and spiritual needs of the population for over a century. Architecturally, the historic place was designed and built in stages, but it is the 1908 addition by Thomas Hooper and C. Elwood Watkins that is most prominent in today's configuration. The first phase of St. Joseph's Hospital was built on Collinson Street (now renamed Fairfield Road) in 1876 under the leadership of Sister Mary Providence and Dr. John Sebastian Helmcken. In 1888, an additional 48 beds were added, and in 1897, another 67, bringing the total to 150. The 1908 addition was designed to face Humboldt Street. With its Edwardian solidity and strong Neoclassical features, it serves as a foil to the Hooper wing at St. Ann's Academy and further reinforces the significance of the Order in Victoria's development. A historic chapel on the northeast of the structure has been preserved and provides a visual link to the religious past. Several interior features have been retained, further enhancing the historic importance of this building. It has been rehabilitated for use as seniors' housing with units for transient accommodation. In addition, the grounds contribute to Victoria's natural environment. The building is surrounded by a manicured lawn with mature plantings that create a park-like setting. The presence of this greenspace so close to downtown Victoria, coupled with the St. Ann's Academy grounds and Beacon Hill Park just to the south, provides a counterpoint to the hard urban landscape of the city core. Source: City of Victoria Planning Department Key elements that define the heritage character of St. Joseph's Hospital include: - its monumental scale - characteristics of the Neoclassical Edwardian style, such as the front entrance porch with paired Ionic columns, balcony above with stone and cement balustrade, multi-hipped roof with gabled front extension, stone corbelling under eaves, circular light in gable peak, slender turret with Christian cross at peak, front extension over porch - semi-recessed second storey bays arcaded by pilasters - form and pattern of fenestration - design and detailing of the 1908 addition, attributable to Thomas Hooper and C. Elwood Watkins - spatial configuration, form and interior finishes of the chapel - main entrance and foyer located on the south side of the main floor - entrance with oak doors - mosaic tile floors located on the east and west sides of the main floor - wooden doors and sidelights located at the entrances to the porches on the south side of the third and fourth floors - its proximity to St. Ann's Academy across Humboldt Street - its proximity to Beacon Hill Park - stone wall on Humboldt Street frontage - well-established landscaping including lawns, mature trees and other plants - evidence of historical religious uses of the building as seen in the chapel Local Governments (BC) Local Government Act, s.967 Theme - Category and Type - Building Social and Community Life - Religious Institutions Function - Category and Type - Multiple Dwelling - Health and Research - Hospital or Other Health Care Institution Architect / Designer Location of Supporting Documentation City of Victoria Planning Department Cross-Reference to Collection
Our Section Conferences depend on members contributing talks, papers, and programs/workshops. Presenters have 15 minutes to present their research or teaching techniques. We look forward to proposals from members for extended time for mini-workshops. Most of these run 30 minutes to two hours, and are usually placed after lunch. Share and Tell If you want a more informal setting to share, each conference has an hour “Share and Tell” where members have up to five minutes to present a topic. Bring copies for 75 of any handouts. Sign up for Share and Tell is during the morning gathering/registration–look for the sign-up in the main lecture room.
Crown Complex, Southbank Nobu is among the most famous japanese restaurants in Melbourne. The story behind the success of Chef Nobu Matsuhisa is a pretty inspiring one. With a striking experience in Peru, you can see its influence in Nobu’s menu with modern dishes that mix south american and japanese cuisine. However, when I heard about the “franchise” Nobu (with 25 restaurants in the world) one question came immediately to my mind: is Nobu (the person) still a chef or became a businessman? To answer this question, I went myself to this renown restaurant to test its reputation…authenticity? creativity? With a range of prices of this level, I was expecting a beautiful interior decoration and a very intimate dining experience. The decor was indeed appealing but the whole atmosphere was not adequate for a personal dining experience. The first feeling my girlfriend had when we went downstairs to the dinning room (upstairs being the bar) was “are we in a yumcha place?”. The place was packed with not much space between people and loud music in the background. When the waitress was speaking, we could barely hear what she was saying. I had to lean on the table or yell to chat with my gf. Because everyone has to speak up in this noisy basement, we could almost hear the conversation on the table beside…For this range of restaurant, Coco offers a more personal ambiance for a delightful experience. Service was pretty good. We arrive on time for our booking but the table was not ready yet. Complimentary champagne helped to wait on the ground floor with the view on the Yarra river. Despite the busy period, dishes came without a long wait, our waitress was efficient and explained us the dish ( when we could hear it). With such prices, you would expect excellent service and I think Nobu does not fail here. The only thing I would recommend is for the non-japanese staff (most of them I think) to work on their japanese pronunciation. Hearing “irashaimase” with so many different tones and mispronunciations is not a good start to show authenticity to customers. It felt so weird; like the restaurant was overdoing to convince (themselves?) it is indeed a japanese restaurant. Value for money/taste Prices are very high and excellent service is not enough to justify such values. I need to be impressed at the first mouthful, to get a “woah” effect, to be blowed away, to levitate at the end of the meal. During most of the meal, I didn’t levitate a single nanometer above my chair. I’ll describe each dish we had and then put the price at the end so YOU can put this in perspective Oyster with a trio of sauces (6 pieces) Oysters were very fresh and tasty. Not too big but this doesn’t bother me, I prefer small and delicious oysters. The 3 sauces were interesting as they exhibit distinct flavors The first one with lemon, coriander and a bit of chili. This refreshing south american flavor matches with the oyster in a “classic” way (lemon juice/oyster) with a little kick at the end as the chili leaves a nice after-taste. The second one, more japanese with ponzu sauce is a classic japanese dressing for oysters that I really start to enjoy. It doesn’t replace my french favorite shallot vinegar with a dark bread, salty butter and dry white wine. The third one was made with an onion dressing that reminded me of how oysters are cooked or baked in Mainland China with more intense flavors. Quite interesting one. I was expecting a lot from this dish. Being in Japan for 6 months, Toro (fatty part of the tuna) is something you fall in love instantaneously. Unfortunately, no nostalgia hit me during this dish, served in a micro serve. We had a tea spoon to eat this, the caviar…well you can probably count them with the fingers of your hands and I’m not kidding. The tuna was tender but it didn’t melt the way I remember back in Japan with a strong tuna flavor that transports you into the sea.Tthe sauce is just an improved soy sauce with wasabi. That was merely at the level of a good negi-toro from a kaiten sushi in Japan but at least in Japan I wouldn’t have to pay…..$45! Yes, $45 for this! This is really crossing the line, this is really overpriced. I know toro is a rare item here but it doesn’t justify $45. If you can’t find a descent toro, either lower your price or just don’t serve it. With the overfishing of tuna, I would vote for the latter option. Scampi Inaniwa pasta salad tossed in ceviche dressing and creamy mentaiko This dish was the best savory dish we had this night. The scampi were fully seasoned and very creamy, the perfect way to eat scampis. A full lobster-like flavor from each bite was something I would have enjoyed even more if the pasta or udon were not that bland. Ceviche dressing, you mean lemon juice? I have the chance to have a chilean girlfriend and I had plenty of ceviche (fish cured in lemon juice and herbs). I didn’t get any feeling of having a taste of ceviche mixed with these udon. So is “ceviche dressing” just a fancy name for lemon juice for non-initiated customers who are easily impressed with names they don’t understand but are willing to pay the full price? Beside this, I couldn’t taste much from the mentaiko (fish roe). I really enjoyed the texture of the udon and its firmness harmonises nicely with the scampi but I’m not sure if the chef was looking for a light citrus flavor to cleanse our palate or was just in lack of inspirations (and seasonings). $40…..I wouldn’t pay that much for this dish, again, it’s because scampis are rare and highly seen as a small lobster but the dish needed more depth to justify $40. By the way, no need to remind you that there was ONE scampi. Soft Shell Crab with Umeshu Amazu Cherry Tomatoes, Peach Aji Amarilo Salsa A failed attempt to mix Asia and South America. The soft shell crab was nicely fried (not difficult from all the soft-shell crabs I ate) but there was no magic with the sauce. Just pieces of peach mixed with white wine or umeshu ( I couldn’t tell to be honest) sitting beside. With a beautiful presentation, the sauce and the crab were two distinct items with no consonance on the plate leaving me baffled for…$28 I actually went there with this insurance. I have a friend who highly recommended the desserts at Nobu and I was honored to met Chef Yuko to receive a description of her piece of art. This is truly remarkable (and don’t forget I ate a lot of dessert in France and in Japan). There is too much happening on one dish but I’ll try my best to describe it: Green tea financier – like a small compact sweet madelaine with delicious bitter contrast at the end with the green tea flavor A japanese donut filled with melting chocolate and banana to die for and surprisingly not too heavy A chocolate fondant and green tea ice cream – the chocolate used for the fondant is a high class french chocolate delivering full dark chocolate flavors. The fondant was served warmed with a melting core of chocolate in the middle. The cool green tea icecream is a delicious alternative to vanilla icecream with chocolate fondant. Sweet light pudding with infused fruits and a little crispy biscuit. Mandarin and mango sorbets were so refreshing, a good cleanser between these flavors. A sort of green tea and peach parfait was also a delight with crispy crumbles contrasted with peach and green tea mousse. My favourite was the Suntory whisky cappuccino layered with crunchy coffee crumble, coffee crème, milk ice cream and whisky foam. The whole coffee was visually recreated with so different layers all surprising in texture and in taste. Fantastic! Only $28! I really don’t get it. For the whole meal, there were single dishes above $40 and here, we have a symphony of desserts for $28. I think they need to lower the savory dish prices if they want a consistent menu. Hard one to score. It’s a weird mix. Dishes were trying to be creative but failed in my opinion. The cooking staff must be japanese from what I tasted. Fortunately, Chef Yuko is able to show you the beautiful dessert you can find in Japan, a patisserie inspired by France but well balanced with light textures and japanese green tea flavors. I would never go back to Nobu. You want a high class japanese restaurant? Continue your walk in Crown to go up in the towers for Coco. Your money will be better spent there. With such high prices, nothing has succeeded in impressing me beside the desserts of Chef Yuko. Let’s face it, Nobu is a business, not a restaurant. The place is packed to make profit and forgets about the unique dining experience it should deliver. Nobu should visit Melbourne and do a bit of cleaning in how he envisions his melbournian restaurant. Nobu are for people who doesn’t know about japanese food and who is just looking for a place to impress by its reputation, people who are more focused on appearances than authenticity. In my experience (it’s going to sound very funny and probably not politically correct), if you enter a japanese restaurant with non-japanese waiters, there is a high chance it’s either very tasty but very pricey or simply bland dishes covered by excellent service…Nobu is unfortunately a bit of both
Paint yourself into the story and transform Easter into a truly life-changing experience. Once you experience the story of Easter, absolutely everything in your life changes. "The Easter Experience" is a unique, DVD-driven study which brings the passion and resurrection of Jesus to life through dramatic storytelling and challenging teaching. The participant's guide to "The Easter Experience" small group DVD follows the six 20-minute episodes, providing additional information, discovery questions, and tips for helping your small group grow spiritually and bond with each other as well as with the eternal message of Easter. Also available are the "Easter Experience Church Program, " the "Easter Experience Small Group DVD, " and the "Easter Experience Ministry Devotional."
Black Sheepskin Boots and snow boots for women and men The Black Beauty! Everyone loves the colour Black, why because it is so versatile and can be matched with just about anything in your wardrobe. Black oozes that element of class as this coloured sheepskin allows you to wear it by day and dress it up and wear out at night, what more can you ask for. Black has been that classic style that has been around for years and will be for many more to come, if offers you that bit of edge that you might be looking for. Another great benefit about the colour black is that it doesn’t show up the dirt, so if you are walking the streets on a wet wintery day or doing the gardening, rest assured your boots will never tell the story. Our boots are made with premium quality natural materials and manufactured to the highest standard. Why buy a pair of cheap synthetic imitation sheepskin boots that won’t last, when with Fluffy Footwear sheepskin boots ours have be reinforced, to provide added strength, durability, support and most importantly comfort. Check out our online catalogue and view the latest Black styled sheepskin boots we have available. We are always fully stocked, so don’t worry you won’t miss out, order today and we will ship them direct to you no matter where you are in the world. Now that’s quality and service for you, the one stop sheepskin shop!
It’s hard to say how popular Chrome OS, Google’s browser-centric operating system, really is. There can be little doubt, though, that Google is quite serious about this initiative. Today, Google launched the latest developer version of Chrome OS and this update sports the first major redesign of the operation system’s interface since its launch in late 2010. In this new version, Chrome OS almost looks like a traditional OS, with a full-blown desktop and window manager instead of just a browser and tabs. Aura, as this hardware-accelerated window manager is known, is Chrome’s next generation user interface framework and it is making its public debut in this new developer version of Chrome OS. This update is quite a departure from Chrome OS’s origins. Until now, Chrome OS basically just gave users access to a single browser window at a time (you could already have multiple browser windows open on separate virtual screens) and launching new apps meant you first had to open a new tab and then look for the app you wanted to start. Now, Chrome OS features a Launchpad-like app launcher, as well as a Windows-like taskbar (Google calls it a “shelf”). Apps, it is worth noting, still start in a browser tab and not as stand-alone windows, though. In short, Chrome OS now looks and behaves a lot more like the desktop operating systems it set out to challenge. In a way, this almost feels as if Google is admitting defeat here. When Chrome OS launched, Google’s Sergey Brin argued that traditional PC operating systems were “torturing users.” Chrome OS was supposed to be all about “speed, simplicity and security” and Google wanted to use it to “re-think what operating systems should be.” This new version, however, does away with a bit of this simplicity in favor of greater functionality. That’s not necessarily a bad thing, though, and may just help Chrome OS gain more mainstream acceptance as new users will surely find it to be a more familiar experience. While Aura is obviously the star of this update, it’s worth noting that the latest version also introduces support for files compressed in the .tar, .gz and .bzip2 formats, as well as better support for multi-monitor setups.
Northeastern graduates form a worldwide community of professionals and engaged citizens. Our 207,000 worldwide alumni — prepared by Northeastern to seek new challenges and immerse themselves in new experiences before they graduate — are making a difference in 150 countries around the globe. We have 22 U.S. alumni chapters, eight international alumni chapters, and 40 international alumni delegates in Europe, Asia, South and Central America, Australia, and the Middle East. Our recent One World Campaign engaged Northeastern graduates in all 50 states and 25 countries. These programs and initiatives are coordinated by our Office of Alumni Relations, which offers a broad variety of alumni programs, including discussions, lectures, and travel opportunities with a global focus.
Using a Fall Arrest System / Full Body Harness The majority of hunting-related incidents involving treestands occur because a hunter either wasn't using a Fall Arrest System (FAS) / Full Body Harness (FBH) or used it in an unsafe manner. If every hunter wore a FAS/FBH and used it properly, the incident and injury rate would be reduced dramatically. The Fall Arrest System consists of a strap that is attached to the tree and a Full Body Harness that is worn by the hunter. This is the safest, most reliable harness a hunter can use. It is very easy for any hunter to use - simply slip it on, adjust the straps and fasten the clips. Unlike the simple belt or chest harness, it is strapped around the shoulders, waist and legs so that in the event of a fall from a treestand, pressure is distributed across a larger area of the hunter's body, helping to ensure a quick recovery with less chance of injury. Parachute or Full-Body Harness This harness is just as safe and offers the same type of protection as the Vest-harness when used properly, however there are many straps and buckles involved. Always check and re-check your harness to ensure that it is properly secured, before you start climbing up into the treestand. Remember! If you fall, practice your 3 R's - Rescue, Relief, Recover Single Strap Harness Single strap harnesses should not be considered as a safe harness. These kind of harnesses cause severe restriction in the chest area, making it difficult to breathe or move. ALWAYS use a Full Body Harness when using a treestand! Chest harnesses are no longer the preferred harnesses either. These harnesses cause severe restriction in the chest area, making it difficult to breathe or move. ALWAYS use a Full Body Harness when using a treestand!
My site currently uses Volusion live chat but honestly, it sucks, since I need to run the tool and sit in front of it all day long. I'd like something more mobile where I can respond to chat inquiries from anywhere. Google Talk has an official chatback badge but it would be nice to have something a little more...professional? I'm not big enough to need multi user support or anything. I'm all by my lonesome :)
Two longtime Hope College traditions -- The Pull tug-of-war and the Nykerk Cup competition -- are included in a book, "Campus Traditions: Folklore from the Old-Time College to the Modern Mega-University" by Simon J. Bronner, Distinguished Professor of American Studies and Folklore and director of the American studies doctoral program at the Pennsylvania State University, Harrisburg. The book is published by the University of Mississippi Press. Both the Pull and Nykerk are competitions between members of the freshman and sophomore classes. The Pull marked its 115th year earlier this fall. Nykerk, a Hope tradition since 1936, will be held on Saturday, Nov. 3, as part of Parents Weekend. Over the years The Pull in particular has found its way into the national and even international media, from The Guinness Book of World Records (1995) to Sports Illustrated (twice--in 1966 and 1996); from a magazine in Japan (1983) to Australian television (1996). Book Descriptive from Mississippi Press From their beginnings, campuses emerged as hotbeds of traditions and folklore. American college students inhabit a culture with its own slang, stories, humor, beliefs, rituals, and pranks. Simon J. Bronner takes a long, engaging look at American campus life and how it is shaped by students and at the same time shapes the values of all who pass through it. The archetypes of absent-minded profs, fumbling jocks, and curve-setting dweebs are the stuff of legend and humor, along with the all-nighters, tailgating parties, and initiations that mark campus tradition--and student identities. Undergraduates in their hallowed halls embrace distinctive traditions because the experience of higher education precariously spans childhood and adulthood, parental and societal authority, home and corporation, play and work. Bronner traces historical changes in these traditions. The predominant context has shifted from what he calls the "old-time college," small in size and strong in its sense of community, to mass society's "mega-university," a behemoth that extends beyond any campus to multiple branches and offshoots throughout a state, region, and sometimes the globe. One might assume that the mega-university has dissolved collegiate traditions and displaced the old-time college, but Bronner finds the opposite. Student needs for social belonging in large universities and a fear of losing personal control have given rise to distinctive forms of lore and a striving for retaining the pastoral "campus feel" of the old-time college. The folkloric material students spout, and sprout, in response to these needs is varied but it is tied together by its invocation of tradition and social purpose. Beneath the veil of play, students work through tough issues of their age and environment. They use their lore to suggest ramifications, if not resolution, of these issues for themselves and for their institutions. In the process, campus traditions are keys to the development of American culture. Mississippi Press Website
Her warm-weather faves, with a glittery new look she'll flip for! - Soft rubber footbeds are coated with sugar glitter - Flexible transparent plastic straps are infused with chunky glitter - Logo texturing on outsoles - Note: Soft gold, blue gem, ruffle and swim lime colors are online exclusives and can only be returned by mail. Big Fashion, Little Prices
Gordon Square leader to head Global Cleveland 9:00 am, November 15, 2012 Joy Roller, executive director of the Gordon Square Arts District, has been selected as the next president of Global Cleveland. “We are excited that Joy Roller will be leading Global Cleveland, a major economic development initiative for the region,” said Baiju R. Shah, chairman of Global Cleveland, in a news release. “She is a highly-regarded civic leader due to the successful development of the Gordon Square Arts District under her leadership.” Ms. Roller, who has been executive director of the Gordon Square Arts District since 2006, will fill the position formerly held by Larry Miller, who resigned from the post last month for health reasons. Global Cleveland is a year-old economic development initiative focused on connecting newcomers to opportunities in the region. “To continue to grow this region, we must proactively reach out and attract a broad and diverse group of individuals to become new citizens in our region,” Ms. Roller said. “We can only accomplish this by leveraging the region's many ethnic communities, alumni networks, and young-professional groups, as peer-to-peer or word-of-mouth marketing is the most impactful means of communication.”
194 Miles later! by Fobster The People Ragnar NAPA 2012 - 7 months ago "This picture was captured at the end of a long 194 mile running relay from SF to NAPA. Needless to say, we were a happy, tired and delirious at the same time. This was our 3rd time using customink.com for our running shirts for our team and it was flawless as usual. The shirts arrived early and 100% accurate! We continue to look better than other teams and we always have a wide selection of colors to choose from. Our ladies are especially thankful for the woman's fit shirts. "
Now, after more than 20 years as a regular "Today" viewer, Wurtzel tunes to CBS most mornings. Multiply such defections and you have the chief reason for television's changing fortunes in morning news, where ABC's "Good Morning America" has ended NBC's epic 17-year winning streak on "Today." ABC is growing—"GMA" has 110,000 more viewers each day this year than last—but not as much as NBC is slipping (437,000 viewers a day since last year). Wurtzel, 57, left last spring because of "Today" co-host Ann Curry. "Ann's interview style was like chalk on a board to me," she said. "She leaned toward her interviewee and whispered her questions like someone had died. The more serious the interview, the quieter she got. When she replaced Meredith (Vieira), I tried to adjust and accept, but she just didn't work for me. Katie (Couric) and Meredith were relatable, empathetic and funny. Ann just seemed out of place." Executives at NBC were quietly reaching the same conclusion and moved to replace Curry with Savannah Guthrie. Then came June 28, 2012, Curry's last day as co-host. She cried in bewilderment at her perceived failure at losing the job she had sought for years, as her uncomfortable Suddenly, a problem for NBC became a BIG problem. Even people who didn't particularly like Curry loathed the way she was dispatched. Except for two weeks during the Olympics, "Today" hasn't sniffed first place in the ratings since. During the first six months of 2012, "Today" averaged just under 5.2 million viewers each weekday. Since July 2, the audience has dropped to 4.59 million, according to Nielsen, the company that measures TV audiences. Without the two weeks of the London Olympics, the average is 4.3 million. That's a stunning drop, even accounting for typical lower viewership in the summer. An informal survey of three dozen viewers who have left or are considering leaving "Today" turned up various explanations, including a feeling that the show had leaned too far in the direction of lighter, pop culture fare. The Curry dismissal was clearly a tipping point, however. William Runge, a manager at an educational cable network who lives in suburban Winston-Salem, N.C., likened the treatment of Curry to "a public flogging." "The PR machine at NBC spent an enormous amount of time and effort convincing me that the 'Today' show team was actually part of my family, 'America's First Family," said Runge, 46, citing the show's advertising slogan. "Guess what? They were right. These did feel like family members. So this is how you are going to treat a member of your family? "You can debate for hours whether Ms. Curry was right for the role," he said. "That's not the point. She was doing her job and was barely 11 months into it when they canned her in the most humiliating way possible." The move was "heart-wrenching," said Isabelle Langelier, a 40-year-old manager at a drug company from Montreal. "It made me feel sick for her. And it made me turn the channel, probably permanently." "While I thought Ann Curry's interviews were a little hokey at times, she is clearly the most genuine person in TV news," said Sarah Rosenthal, 53, a graduate student and mother of three from West Chester, Pa. "After her unceremonious dumping, I turned it off. I have nothing against Savannah, and adore Natalie Morales, but there is just a different tone to the show." Even worse for NBC, a significant number of viewers appear to blame co-host Matt Lauer for the move. The network has consistently denied tabloid reports that Lauer was unhappy with Curry. "Today" Executive Producer Jim Bell said late last month that Lauer was being treated unfairly. Firing Curry was Bell's decision, he said. Some awkward public moments haven't helped. When Curry reappeared on "Today" during the London Olympics to introduce a story she had done, Lauer twice remarked that it was good to see her again. Curry didn't return the sentiment to the man she worked with for 15 years. Two years ago, Lauer's positive "Q" score was 23—meaning 23 percent of people who knew him considered Lauer one of their favorite broadcasters, according to Marketing Evaluations Inc., a company that measures public sentiment toward well-known personalities. Now his positive score is 14. At the same time, "Good Morning America" co-host Robin Roberts' positive "Q" score jumped from 20 to 27. Langelier felt there was a perception that Lauer was "king" and others on the show aren't equal to him. Lyle Nelson, 40, a salesman from Avondale, Ariz., said Lauer was "not someone I'd like to have a beer with." "There is something about Matt Lauer, whether or not he was the reason for Curry's firing, that has changed and I do not like watching the show anymore," said John Friia, a 20-year-old aspiring journalist from Malverne, N.Y. Fortunately for NBC, viewers don't seem to be taking out their unhappiness on Guthrie. Producers often say that viewing decisions for morning television can be intensely personal, since people are essentially inviting these personalities into their homes at an intimate time of day when they were getting ready for work. Feeling a part of the TV "family" they see on air is part of it, and sometimes the reasoning seems strange. Nelson said, for example, that he didn't like the couch on "Today" because it looked uncomfortable. "In today's doom and gloom news programs, the 'Today' show gave me a lift to get my day started," said Taren Robin, 48, from Paris, Ky. "I don't get that lift anymore, and I am in mourning over the fact. I haven't found anything I like better to take its place." At least one-third of people who responded to a Twitter request to discuss the show cited its content for their discontent. "I used to be a regular 'Today' show viewer but got tired of their formula," said Dan Laufer, 35, a sports marketer from Washington, D.C. "Five minutes of hard news followed by an animal rescue story, the Kardashians and then pop culture or fashion. It's OK with me—in moderation." Joan Pierce is a 64-year-old retired nurse from Oklahoma City, Okla., who watched "Today" for 40 years. Now she says: "I don't care what Lindsay Lohan does." "I was fed up with the lack of actual news reporting, and more intense focus on silly, irrelevant things like women's fashion or the newest celebrity's recipe for a dinner I could never find the time or money to cook," said Zach Beale, a 23-year-old college student in Savannah, Ga. Biting as they may be, at least those complaints offer "Today" the seeds of potential recovery. "Good Morning America," particularly in its second hour, has an even greater pop culture emphasis. Bell said his show will try to draw a greater contrast with its ABC rival in coming months. A recent ad with Lauer touts the "informative" nature of the show. Curry, who has kept her job with NBC as a hard news reporter, appeared on "Today" during the past month interviewing Libyan President Mohammed Magarief and reporting from Syria. CBS has already tried to position itself as a newsier alternative in the morning. Because "Today" has a richer history and often twice as many viewers, it would be in better position to reach people who want this. NBC announced this week that Willie Geist, an engaging and popular member of MSNBC's "Morning Joe" team, will join "Today" as a co-host of the 9 a.m. hour and occasionally appear earlier. "What I loved about the show were the hosts, reporters and the stories," said Miriam Sajecki, a marketer from Staten Island, N.Y. who has watched "Today" for more than 20 years. "It was always delivered in a friendly, engaging and informative manner. Some of that has changed in that I miss the chemistry that was displayed with the prior hosts ... and some of the stories 'Today' was known for. It has evolved into forgettable reports without giving me the important news and educational stories." Still, Sajecki is a loyalist. "I will continue to watch the 'Today' show and wake up to it every weekday," she said. NBC needs devoted fans like Sajecki to turn things around. It will take some time.
Post your favorite, most watched, top rated TV shows right here in this group! Chat with others about the next/previous season or episode. The abstract antics of an Indiana town’s public officials as they pursue random projects to make their city a better place. IMDB This is another show that is very funny and entertaining. Every scene starts and ends with a laugh. This will definitely bring your spirits up. With Amy Poehler and Aziz Ansari, how could this show not succeed? Hopefully some of you have tuned in and checked it out, if not get to it! I mostly watched this show on Netflix (streaming) and sometimes on DVR, keeping up with the new episodes! What a great show, took me a bit to get into it, but the humor is top rate. Ron Swanson FTW! Best chart ever Lol, awesome. Yeah, Ron Swanson is pretty entertaining too! Have a poll idea? | Poll Archive Fusion theme by digitalnature
A retriever is a type of gun dog that retrieves game for a hunter. Generally gun-dogs are divided into three major classifications: retrievers, flushing spaniels, and pointing breeds.| Retrievers were bred primarily to retrieve birds or other prey and return them to the hunter without damage. Although spaniels and some pointing breeds routinely retrieve game, and many retrievers are skilled in finding game, retrievers are distinguished in that non-slip retrieval is their primary function. As a result, retriever breeds are bred for soft mouths and a great willingness to please, learn, and obey. A soft mouth refers to the willingness of the dog to carry game in its mouth without biting into it. Hard mouth is a serious fault in a hunting dog and is one that is very difficult to correct. A hard-mouthed dog renders game unpresentable or at worst inedible. View printer friendly version of Flat Coat Retriever article. Listen to Article Listen to audio version of Flat Coat Retriever article. Hot key: + + Flat Coat Retriever Facts The name of the domestic breed... The area where the animal first came from... How long (L) or tall (H) the animal is... The measurement of how heavy the animal is... How long the animal lives for... The domestic group such as cat or dog...
Huffington Post released an article today that looks at the impact of sewage overflow from Superstorm Sandy in New York and New Jersey. The article points out how storm surge will result in overflow events and how rising sea levels will only exacerbate these events resulting in more severe discharges. The 11 billion gallons of untreated or partially treated sewage spilled due to storm surge in New York and New Jersey must be seen as a warning for all coastal cities. We must consider this warning as we rebuild Miami-Dade’s sewage system. As sea levels rise storm surges will increase in intensity and frequency. Miami-Dade’s facilities must be built to withstand these storm surges to avoid the kind of spills seen in the northeast. “Princeton, N.J.-based Climate Central said that future sewage leaks are a major risk because rising sea levels can make coastal flooding more severe…The collective overflows – almost all in New York and New Jersey and due to storm surges – would be enough to cover New York City’s Central Park with a pile of sewage 41 feet high, Climate Central said.” Read More Here: Sandy Sewage Report: 11 Billion Gallons Of Untreated or Partially Treated Waste Was Released. www.huffingtonpost.org On April 9, 2013 Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper, along with 131 other organizations, undersigned a letter to the United States Senate urging them to oppose advancing the Water Resources Development Act of 2013 (S. 601). This letter, put together by the Water Protection Network, points out significant problems in this bill: “Particularly troubling are the streamlining provisions (Sections 2033 and 2032) which will force agency staff to make uninformed decisions, to rubber stamp unacceptable projects, and prioritize deadline compliance over effective review. They do this by: Requiring the Corps of Engineers to carry out the shortest review possible; Establishing arbitrary and unreasonably short deadlines for the public and resource agencies to comment; Establishing arbitrary deadlines for resource agency decisions and recommendations; Allowing the Corps to elevate multiple technical and substantive disagreements all the way to the President; and Directing the Corps to impose multiple and ongoing fines on resource agencies that miss deadlines or disagree with the Corps on issues fully within the expertise of the resource agencies. These provisions also could give the Corps control over reviews that are clearly outside of its jurisdiction, including consultation under Section 7 of the Endangered Species Act, review under the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, and reviews under laws governing activities in coastal areas and public lands. Additionally, the bill threatens to exacerbate our nation’s fiscal deficits by rolling back long- established cost-sharing rules and expanding federal responsibilities into areas that have been the financial responsibility of non-federal project sponsors. If enacted as reported, the bill will result in overspending, overcapacity, and substantial and unnecessary damage to the nation’s major estuaries and harbors. Title VIII of the bill would immediately more than double spending on harbor maintenance without assurance of the cost-effectiveness or true need for the dredging. In addition, the Title eliminates the current 50 percent non-federal cost share for maintaining deep draft harbors from 45 to 50 feet of depth, making these costs 100 percent federal responsibility. The provision also makes dredging and maintenance of all approach channels to berths along federal navigation channels and all upland confined disposal of contaminated dredged sediments a 100 percent federal responsibility, rather than the current 100 percent non-federal responsibility. No one has ever even estimated the costs of such an expansion. This would likely cause increases in dredging of contaminated areas that otherwise never would have been contemplated, increasing toxic releases into the nation’s bays and estuaries. We strongly urge rejection of this title as representing a major setback for the nation’s water policy that will be both environmentally-damaging and represents an improper shift of spending and water project responsibility to the taxpayers.” For more information on the 2013 WRDA see: http://www.waterprotectionnetwork.org/sitepages/downloads/WRDA_2013_NWF_Memo_EPW_Committee_3-18-13_Final.pdf It is difficult to consider ourselves surrounded by nature in Miami, FL. In the city, on the interstate, or in the supermarket it is easy to think of ourselves removed from the nature of Muir’s Yosemite or Thoreau’s Walden pond. An essay called “Thirteen Ways of Seeing Nature” by Jenny Price, suggests that we reconsider how we think about nature in our city. She writes about nature in L.A., but her message applies to all cities. Miami is confronted with a decrepit sewage system and the problems that this system is causing for the health of our environment. Our connection to nature is real whether we recognize it or not. We must consider difficult questions like “how are we connected to the nature around us?”, “how do we affect the health of the nature around us?”, and “how do we depend on the nature around us?”. As we move into a future full of challenges like Climate Change these questions are going to become more and more important. I would encourage everyone to read this article by Jenny Price: As Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper reflects on a successful clean-up this past week-end, it seems appropriate to consider another clean-up that happened two weeks ago. On Sunday, March 3rd, Sean Bignami, was jogging on Virginia Key and came across an enormous pile of trash left over from the 9 mile music festival the night before. Sean spoke with staff who where standing around the festival site who said they could not pick up the trash because the wind was blowing it around. Sean took pictures and videos of the scene with his phone and posted them online along with a request that people join him the next day to help clean up the area. Four graduate students joined Sean the following morning and picked up enough trash to fill 25 garbage bags! Sean was unable to get a satisfactory response from the festival supervisor or the Miami parks department regarding accountability for this trash or penalties for the negligence on the part of the festival organizers. The systems in place that are designed to prevent the festival from leaving piles of trash failed, and it is unclear if the festival will be held accountable. Regardless of this failure, the immediate response from concerned residents must be seen as a message to institutions who ignore the sanctity of our Bay. Biscayne Bay is home to concerned stewards, like Sean Bignami, who will not stand quietly while polluters leave trash on our shores. Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper wishes to celebrate the stewardship shown in this story. Thank you Sean, and all who came out to help clean up after the 9 mile festival left their trash to be blown into the Bay! See the article Miami Newtimes blog posted about this story here: On Sunday, March 17, 2013, Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper and Sierra Club put on a clean-up at Peacock Park in the Grove. Volunteers paddled nearby waters and gathered a huge amount of trash. Thank you to the stewards of Biscayne Bay who volunteered their time to put a dent in the amount of trash in our waters. Thank you for a successful clean-up! There is plenty of trash to pick up in Biscayne Bay. Join Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper and the Sierra Club this Sunday, March 17th, for a paddle clean up at Peacock Park in the Grove (2820 Mcfarland Road, Miami, FL 33133). The clean up will start at 9 am and end at 2 pm. We will launch next to the boardwalk. Please bring your own gloves and trash bags. The Sierra club has a limited number of canoes, so we are encouraging attendees to bring their own kayaks, canoes, or paddle boards. If you do not have a boat, please contact Mark at Sierra Club to reserve a canoe. (contact Mark with any questions: email@example.com/ 305 632 7514) (Miami, February 28, 2013) - Samples of beach water collected at Dog Beach on Virginia Key did not meet the recreational water quality standard for enterococci. By state regulation, the Florida Department of Health is required to issue an advisory to inform the public in a specific area when this standard is not met. An advisory for Dog Beach on Virginia Key has been issued because two consecutive samples collected at the beach exceeded the federal and State recommended standard for enterococci (greater than 104 colony forming units per 100ml for a single sample). Additional beach water samples at the Dog Beach on Virginia Key have been collected and further results are pending. The advisory issued recommends not swimming at this location at this time. The results of the sampling indicate that water contact may pose an increased risk of illness, particularly for susceptible individuals. The Florida Department of Health in Miami-Dade County has been conducting marine beach water quality monitoring at 17 sites, including Dog Beach on Virginia Key, weekly since August 2002, through the Florida Healthy Beaches Program. The sampling sites are selected based on the frequency and intensity of recreational water use and the proximity to pollution sources. The water samples are being analyzed for enteric bacteria enterococci that normally inhabit the intestinal track of humans and animals, and which may cause human disease, infections, or illness. The prevalence of enteric bacteria is an indicator of fecal pollution, which may come from storm water run-off, wildlife, pets and human sewage. The purpose of the Florida Healthy Beaches program is to determine whether Florida has significant beach water quality concerns. For more information please visit the Florida Healthy Beaches Program Website: http://www.doh.state.fl.us and Select “Beach Water Quality”, from the A-Z Topics List. We just posted the second edition of the Paddle Out Guide. We are excited to be able to provide you with this updated material. Keep this guide close to your kayak or canoe as an aid in your exploration of our beautiful Biscayne Bay. We have posted the guide below for your convenience, but you can always find the Paddle Out Guide at bbwk.org/paddle-out. Go out and enjoy our Bay! Thank you Julie for speaking at the Grassroots festival on behalf of BBWK Thank you to everyone who came out to see Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper (BBWK) speak at the Sustainability Fair this weekend at the Grassroots festival! Julie Dick, a BBWK representative, spoke about our current projects and initiatives, helping connect the festival to some of the issues that face the Bay that surrounded the event. BBWK was invited to speak alongside the Center for Biological Diversity, Surfrider Miami, and the United States Green Building Council Florida Chapter. We are honored to have shared the stage with such great organizations. Thousands of people attended the festival, many of whom camped along the water. We are happy such a festive event took place amidst the beauty of our Bay. Virginia Key and Key Biscayne are barrier islands which are, by their nature, exposed to the elements. On February 15, 2013 the Village of Key Biscayne sent Carlos Gimenez, Mayor of Miami, a letter asking Miami-Dade County to take another look at the plans to improve the central wastewater treatment plant located on Virginia Key. Key Biscayne is concerned that the plans do not adequately consider the impacts of climate change, such as increased sea levels and stronger storm surges, and do not include funding for flood mitigation. Considering Virginia Key is a barrier island, and therefor more vulnerable to weather and flooding, makes these oversights in planning for a wastewater treatment plant on this Key particularly alarming. Key Biscayne supports the County’s immediate plans to address Clean Water Act outflow violations, deteriorated conditions at the Virginia Key facility, and of sewer lines identified as being at risk of rupturing, including the 54 inch under-bay line from Miami Beach to Fisher Island to Virginia Key. At the same time, the Village of Key Biscayne, situated just south of Virginia Key, is relying on the County to protect their natural environment. As long as infrastructure improvement plans do not address these long-term issues the residents of the adjacent island community of Key Biscayne will be understandably concerned for their quality of life. Key Biscayne is already plagued by foul odors from the central wastewater facility and occasional sewage spills. Community voices like key Biscayne, calling for better sewage infrastructure, are the impetus for Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper’s legal initiatives for this issue. If the County will not address the concerns of local residential and business communities, or the needs of our fragile natural resources, then legal action may be the only way we can ensure that the County properly address these issues.
Calypso Diving Resort is located at the center of the world-famous White Beach on Boracay Island in The Philippines. We are Boracay's PADI 5-Star IDC Center and National Geographic Dive Center. We have a state-of-the-art facility offering fun dives, diving safaris and PADI scuba diving courses at all levels. Enjoy the warm clear waters, soft white sand, relaxation and entertainment of Boracay Island. Dive in and discover the beautiful corals and colorful fish on our wonderful reefs. Explore the fascinating underwater world with PADI courses and Calypso's guided safaris. The resort can also provide accommodation, plus entertainment right on the beach at Calypso Lounge, the pool-side bar and restaurant. Join us on your diving vacation for a relaxing break and underwater fun! See more testimonials... "Open Water Divers!!! A big thanks to Andrew and the rest of the crew, and to the turtles and seahorses for putting on a show. Great people, place and memories." Mark and Whitney, February 2012 (Open Water Course)
Poky is an embedded Linux build system, distribution and developer environment which builds upon OpenEmbedded technologies. Poky's focus is purely on building stable optimised GNOME Embedded type platforms (X11/Matchbox/GTK+) together with a streamlined system layer and cross development environment. Poky Project Page: http://www.pokylinux.org/ Poky's core consists of a set of metadata describing packages and rules to produce a cross-compiled filesystem for a specified target device. The metadata itself is highly customisable and extensible, and can be tailored to a particular target device's needs. Through integration with QEMU (both ARM and x86 host virtualisation) or chroot-like tools, Poky provides a unique cross-application development environment. - Linux 2.6.x kernel support. - x86 and ARM (both OABI and EABI) architecture support out the box with provision for others too . - Complete cross-compiling toolchain generation (gcc 3.4 and gcc 4.1 supported). - System layer with tuned Busybox, tslib, glibc2.x, Kdrive 7.1 XServer (aka TinyX) and more. - Complete customisable and optimised GNOME Embedded platform support for: - Gstreamer EDS Embedded - Optional dpkg (Debian) or Ipkg software packaging support. - QEMU (x86 and ARM) integration. - Release, debug, profiling and SDK filesystem image builds supported. - Easily ported to new boards/platforms to provide an incredably well featured BSP. - Support for OProfile performance measurements with remote graphical UI. - Support for Linux Trace Toolkit (LTTng) for further performance debugging. - Fast multithreaded builds (two hours for full filesystem on commodity dual core hardware) - 100% Open Source Poky is freely downloadable, being open source software. The Poky metadata itself is distributed under an MIT licence with tools it uses being under various other open source licenses. It is primarily developed by developers at OpenedHand with suitable improvements being pushed back up stream to OpenEmbedded.
UEFA Euro 2012 |Mistrzostwa Europy w Piłce Nożnej 2012 Чемпіонат Європи з футболу 2012 UEFA Euro 2012 official logo |Dates||8 June – 1 July| |Venue(s)||8 (in 8 host cities)| |Champions||Spain (3rd title)| |Goals scored||76 (2.45 per match)| |Attendance||1,440,896 (46,481 per match)| |Top scorer(s)|| Mario Mandžukić (3 goals each) |Best player||Andrés Iniesta| The 2012 UEFA European Football Championship, commonly referred to as Euro 2012, was the 14th European Championship for national football teams organised by UEFA. The final tournament was hosted for the first time by Poland and Ukraine, between 8 June and 1 July 2012, after their bid was chosen by UEFA's Executive Committee in 2007. Euro 2012 set the record for both the highest aggregate attendance (1,440,896) and the highest average attendance per game (46,481) under the 16-team format (since 1996). The final tournament featured 16 nations, the last European Championship to do so; from Euro 2016 onward, there will be 24 finalists. Qualification was contested by 51 nations between August 2010 and November 2011 to determine the remaining 14 finalists. The tournament was played across eight venues, four in each host country, five of which were newly built for the tournament. Aside from venues, the host nations have also invested heavily in improving infrastructure, such as railways and roads, at UEFA's request. The tournament opened with a 1–1 draw between Poland and Greece at the National Stadium in Warsaw on 8 June 2012. The final match took place 23 days later on 1 July 2012 at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev, where Spain defended their title with a 4–0 win over Italy. Spain became the first team to win two consecutive European Championships, and the first international team to win three straight major tournament titles (Euro 2008, 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012). Since Spain had already gained entry to the 2013 Confederations Cup by winning the 2010 World Cup, the runners-up Italy qualified. Euro 2012 was the second consecutive European Championship (after Euro 2008 held in Austria and Switzerland) in which neither of the hosts emerged from the group stage,[a] as both Poland and Ukraine were eliminated. Bid process  The hosting of the event was initially contested by five bids representing seven countries: Croatia–Hungary, Greece, Italy, Poland–Ukraine, and Turkey. After an initial consideration of the bid data in 2005 by UEFA both the Greek and Turkish bids were eliminated from the process to leave three candidates. This was followed by a second round of the selection process which among other included visits by UEFA to all candidates. On 18 April 2007, the Poland–Ukraine bid was chosen by a vote of the UEFA Executive Committee at a meeting in Cardiff. Poland–Ukraine became the third successful joint bid for the European Championship, after those of Belgium–Netherlands (2000) and Austria–Switzerland (2008). Their bid received an absolute majority of votes, and was therefore announced the winner, without requiring a second round. Italy, which received the remaining votes, had been considered favourites to win the hosting, but incidents of fan violence and a match fixing scandal were widely cited as factors behind their failure. There were some later alterations from the initial bid plan, regarding the venues, before UEFA confirmed the eight host cities in 2009. During the preparation process in Poland and Ukraine, UEFA repeatedly expressed concern about their preparation to host the event, with different candidates reported as being alternative hosts if they did not improve; however, in the end, UEFA affirmed their selection. The draw for the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying competition took place in Warsaw on 7 February 2010. Fifty-one teams entered to compete for the fourteen remaining places in the finals, alongside co-hosts Poland and Ukraine. The teams were divided into nine groups, with the draw using the new UEFA national team coefficient for the first time in order to determine the seedings. As defending champions, Spain was automatically top seeded. The qualifying process began in August 2010 and concluded in November 2011. At the conclusion of the qualifying group stage in October 2011, the nine group winners qualified automatically, along with the highest ranked second placed team. The remaining eight second placed teams contested two-legged play-offs, and the four winners qualified for the finals. Twelve of the sixteen finalists participated at the previous tournament in 2008. England and Denmark made their return to the Euro, having last participated in 2004, while Republic of Ireland returned after a twenty-four year absence to make their second appearance at a European Championship. One of the co-hosts, Ukraine, made their debut as an independent nation (before 1992 Ukraine participated as part of the Soviet Union). With the exception of Serbia – according to UEFA's ranking at the end of the qualifying stage – Europe's sixteen highest-ranked teams all qualified for the tournament. Qualified teams  The following sixteen teams qualified for the finals: |Country||Qualified as||Date qualification was secured||Previous appearances in tournament1| |Poland||Co-hosts||18 April 2007||1 (2008)| |Ukraine||Co-hosts||18 April 2007||0 (debut)| |Germany2||Group A winner||2 September 2011||1972, 1976, 1980, 1984, 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008)10 (| |Russia3||Group B winner||11 October 2011||9 (1960, 1964, 1968, 1972, 1988, 1992, 1996, 2004, 2008)| |Italy||Group C winner||6 September 2011||7 (1968, 1980, 1988, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008)| |France||Group D winner||11 October 2011||71960, 1984, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008)(| |Netherlands||Group E winner||6 September 2011||8 (1976, 1980, 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008)| |Greece||Group F winner||11 October 2011||3 (1980, 2004, 2008)| |England||Group G winner||7 October 2011||71968, 1980, 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004)(| |Denmark||Group H winner||11 October 2011||71964, 1984, 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004)(| |Spain||Group I winner||6 September 2011||81964, 1980, 1984, 1988, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008)(| |Sweden||Best runner-up||11 October 2011||4 (1992, 2000, 2004, 2008)| |Croatia||Play-off winner||15 November 2011||31996, 2004, 2008)(| |Czech Republic4||Play-off winner||15 November 2011||71960, 1976, 1980, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008)(| |Portugal||Play-off winner||15 November 2011||51984, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008)(| |Republic of Ireland||Play-off winner||15 November 2011||11988)(| 1 Bold indicates champion for that year. Italics indicate (co-)host. Final draw  The draw for the final tournament took place on 2 December 2011 at the Ukraine Palace of Arts in Kiev, Ukraine. The hour-long ceremony was hosted by Olga Freimut and Piotr Sobczyński, television presenters from the two host countries. As was the case for the 2004 and 2008 finals, the sixteen finalists were divided into four seeding pots, using the UEFA national team coefficient ranking. The pot allocations were based on the UEFA national team coefficient rankings of the sixteen finalists at the end of the qualifying competition in November 2011. Each nation's coefficient was generated by calculating: - 40% of the average ranking points per game earned in the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying stage. - 40% of the average ranking points per game earned in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying stage and final tournament. - 20% of the average ranking points per game earned in the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying stage and final tournament. Aside from the coefficient, three teams were automatically placed in Pot 1. Ukraine and Poland were both assigned to Pot 1 as the two host nations, despite the fact that their rankings were the two lowest in the tournament; this also occurred in 2008 when the co-hosts Switzerland and Austria were also ranked below all other qualified teams. As defending champions, Spain were also automatically assigned to Pot 1, though their UEFA ranking at the time of the draw was coincidentally also the best. In the draw procedure, one team from each pot was drawn into each of the four groups. The draw also determined which place in the group teams in pots 2–4 would take (e.g. A2, A3 or A4) to create the match schedule. With Poland were automatically assigned in advance to A1, and Ukraine to D1, Pot 1 only had two teams as Spain and the Netherlands were to be drawn into position one in either group B or C. The balls were drawn by four former players who had each been part of European Championship winning teams: Horst Hrubesch, Marco van Basten, Peter Schmeichel and Zinedine Zidane. 1 Co-hosts Poland (coefficient 23,806, rank 28) and Ukraine (coefficient 28,029, rank 15) were automatically assigned to A1 and D1, and therefore were not in the draw. 2 Defending champions were automatically assigned to Pot 1. Eight cities were selected by UEFA as host venues. In a return to the format used at Euro 1992, Euro 1996 and Euro 2008, each of the four groups' matches were played in two stadiums. Host cities Warsaw, Gdańsk, Wrocław, Poznań, Kiev, and Lviv are all popular tourist destinations, unlike Donetsk and Kharkiv, the latter of which replaced Dnipropetrovsk as a host city in 2009. In order to meet UEFA's requirement for football infrastructure improvements, five new stadiums were built and opened in advance of the tournament. The remaining three stadiums (in Kiev, Poznań and Kharkiv) underwent major renovations in order to meet UEFA's infrastructure standards. Three of the stadiums are categorised as UEFA's highest category stadiums. The transport infrastructure in Poland and Ukraine was also extensively modified on the request of UEFA to cope with the large influx of football fans. UEFA organised fan zones in the eight host cities. They were located in the centre of each city, with all 31 matches shown live on a total of 24 giant screens. The zones enabled supporters to come together in a secure and controlled environment. The Warsaw Fan Zone occupied 120,000 square meters and accommodated 100,000 visitors. In all, the fans zones had a 20% increase in capacity compared to Euro 2008. A total of 31 matches were played during Euro 2012, with Ukraine hosting 16 of them and Poland 15. Built for tournament Built for tournament Built for tournament |3 matches in Group A (incl. opening match), 1 quarter-final and |3 matches in Group C and |3 matches in Group A||3 matches in Group C| Built for tournament Built for tournament |3 matches in Group D, 1 quarter-final and |3 matches in Group D, 1 quarter-final and |3 matches in Group B||3 matches in Group B| Tickets for the venues were sold directly by UEFA via its website, or distributed by the football associations of the 16 finalists. Applications had to be made during March 2011 for the 1.4 million tickets available for the 31 tournament matches. Over 20,000 were forecast to cross the Poland–Ukraine border each day during the tournament. Over 12 million applications were received, which represented a 17% increase on the 2008 finals, and an all-time record for the UEFA European Championship. Owing to this over-subscription for the matches, lotteries were carried out to allocate tickets. Prices varied from €30 (£25) (for a seat behind the goals at a group match) to €600 (£513) (for a seat in the main stand at the final). In addition to individual match tickets, fans could buy packages to see either all matches played by one team, or all matches at one specific venue. According to UEFA requirements, TP ensured approximately 2х70 Gbit/sec data communication speed from Polish stadiums and 2х140 Gbit/sec between Poland and Ukraine. This was required due to the fact that the matches were broadcast in HD quality. The multilateral production utilised 31 cameras to cover the action on and around the pitch at every match, with additional cameras following activities around the game, such as team arrivals at the stadiums, interviews, and media conferences. The official Euro 2012 broadcasting centre was located at the Expo XXI International Centre in Warsaw. The tournament was broadcast live by around 100 TV channels covering the whole world. 150,000,000 people were expected to watch the matches each day. Match ball  The Adidas Tango 12 was the official match ball of UEFA Euro 2012. The ball is named after the original Adidas Tango family of footballs; however, the Tango 12 and its variations have a completely new design. Variations of the ball have been used in other contemporary competitions including the Africa Cup of Nations and the Summer Olympics. It is designed to be easier to dribble and control than the reportedly unpredictable Adidas Jabulani used at the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Team base camps  Each team had a "team base camp" for its stay between the matches. From an initial list of thirty-eight potential locations (twenty-one in Poland, seventeen in Ukraine), the national associations chose their locations in 2011. The teams trained and resided in these locations throughout the tournament, travelling to games staged away from their bases. Thirteen teams stayed in Poland and three in Ukraine. |Team||Arrival||Last Match||Base camp||Group stage venues||QF venues||SF venues||Final venue| |Croatia||5 June||18 June||Warka |Gdańsk and Poznań| |Czech Republic||3 June||21 June||Wrocław||Wrocław||Warsaw| |Denmark||4 June||17 June||Kołobrzeg||Kharkiv and Lviv| |England||6 June||24 June||Kraków||Kiev and Donetsk||Kiev| |France||6 June||23 June||Donetsk||Kiev and Donetsk||Donetsk| |Germany||3 June||28 June||Gdańsk||Kharkiv and Lviv||Gdańsk||Warsaw| |Greece||3 June||22 June||Jachranka |Warsaw and Wrocław||Gdańsk| |Republic of Ireland||5 June||18 June||Sopot |Gdańsk and Poznań| |Italy||5 June||1 July||Kraków||Gdańsk and Poznań||Kiev||Warsaw||Kiev| |Netherlands||4 June||17 June||Kraków||Kharkiv| |Poland||28 May||16 June||Warsaw||Warsaw and Wrocław| |Portugal||4 June||27 June||Opalenica |Kharkiv and Lviv||Warsaw||Donetsk| |Russia||3 June||16 June||Warsaw||Warsaw and Wrocław| |Spain||5 June||1 July||Gniewino |Sweden||6 June||19 June||Kiev||Kiev| |Ukraine||6 June||19 June||Kiev||Kiev and Donetsk| For the list of all squads that played in the tournament, see UEFA Euro 2012 squads. Match officials  On 20 December 2011, UEFA named twelve referees and four fourth officials for Euro 2012. On 27 March 2012, UEFA issued the full list of 80 referees to be used in Euro 2012, including the assistant referees, the additional assistant referees, and the four reserve assistant referees. Each refereeing team consisted of five match officials from the same country: one main referee, two assistant referees, and two additional assistant referees. All of the main referees, additional assistant referees, and fourth officials were FIFA referees, and the assistant referees (including the four reserve assistant referees) were FIFA assistant referees. For each refereeing team, a third assistant referee from each country was named to remain on standby until the start of the tournament to take the place of a colleague if required. In two cases, for the French and Slovenian refereeing teams, the standby assistant referees took the place of one of the assistant referees before the start of the tournament. Continuing the experiments carried out in the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League, the two additional assistant referees were used on the goal line for the first time in European Championship history with approval from the International Football Association Board. - Final referee; only referee assigned to four matches. UEFA announced the schedule for the 31 matches of the final tournament in October 2010, with the final confirmation of kick-offs times being affirmed following the tournament draw in December 2011. Group stage  The teams finishing in the top two positions in each of the four groups (highlighted in tables) progressed to the quarter-finals, while the bottom two teams were eliminated from the tournament. - Higher number of points obtained in the matches played between the teams in question; - Superior goal difference resulting from the matches played between the teams in question; - Higher number of goals scored in the matches played between the teams in question;[c] - Superior goal difference in all group matches; - Higher number of goals scored in all group matches; - If two teams tie alone (according to 1–5) after having met in the last round of the group stage their ranking is determined by penalty shoot-out. - Position in the UEFA national team coefficient ranking system; - Fair play conduct of the teams (final tournament); - Drawing of lots. Group A  Greece were placed above Russia based on their head-to-head record (1–0). The Czech Republic became the first team to win a European Championship group with a negative goal difference Group B  Group C  Group D  Ukraine were placed above Sweden based on their head-to-head record (2–1). Knockout stage  The UEFA Technical Team was charged with naming a squad composed of the 23 best players over the course of the tournament. The group of eleven analysts watched every game at the tournament before making their decision after the final. Ten players from the winning Spanish team were selected in the team of the tournament, while Zlatan Ibrahimović was the only player to be included whose team was knocked out in the group stage. A total of €196 million was given to the 16 teams competing in this tournament, an increase from the €184 million in the previous tournament. Each team received an initial €8 million and then received additional money, based on their performances. Spain, the winners of Euro 2012, were awarded a total prize of €23 million for their performance. The maximum prize achievable (for winning all group matches and winning the final) was €23.5 million. Complete list: Extra payment based on teams performances: Besides money, commemorative plaques were given to all participants together with special plaques for semi-final losers and finalists. Gold and silver medals were awarded to the winners and runners-up, respectively, whereas both semi-final losers were awarded bronze medals. The trophy given to the winners remains in the ownership of UEFA; however, the winning nation, Spain, received a full-size replica. In the final tournament, a player was suspended for the subsequent match in the competition for either getting red card or accumulating two yellow cards in two different matches. UEFA's Control and Disciplinary body has the ability to increase the automatic one match ban for a red card (e.g. for violent conduct). Single yellow card cautions were erased at the conclusion of the quarter-finals, and were not carried over to the semi-finals (so that a player could only be suspended for the final by getting a red card in the semi-final). Single yellow cards and suspensions for yellow card accumulations do not carry over to the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification tournament matches. The following players were suspended during the final tournament – for one or more games – as a result of red cards or yellow card accumulations: Apart from discipline measures for yellow and red cards, UEFA fined the football associations of Croatia, England, Germany, Portugal, Russia and Spain a total of €417,000 for spectators incidents.[e] Furthermore, the Portuguese association was fined €5,000 for delaying the start of the second half of the game against Germany. In addition to these, Danish striker Nicklas Bendtner was fined €100,000 and given a one match ban (to be applied in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification tournament) for revealing his sponsored underpants, violating UEFA regulations, during the celebration of his second goal in the match against Portugal.[f] Penalty kicks  Not counting penalty shoot-outs, four penalties were awarded during the tournament. Giorgos Karagounis was the only player who failed to convert his penalty, which occurred in the match against Poland. Trophy tour  The Henri Delaunay Trophy began a journey through the host cities seven weeks before the start of the tournament. A hundred days before the first match a 35.5-metre-high (116 ft) hot air balloon in the shape of the trophy was flown in Nyon, Switzerland and visited 14 cities throughout the host countries, reminding spectators of the impending tournament. On 20 April 2012, the trophy tour started and visited the Polish cities of Warsaw, Wrocław, Gdańsk, Poznań, Kraków, Katowice and Łódź. After the Polish cities, the trophy visited seven Ukrainian cities: Kiev, Ivano-Frankivsk, Kharkiv, Donetsk, Dnipropetrovsk, Lviv, and Odesa. Logo, slogan and theme songs  The competition slogan, Creating History Together (Polish: Razem tworzymy przyszłość, literally, "Together we are creating the future", Ukrainian: Творимо історію разом, Tvorymo istoriyu razom), was announced along with the logo. The official logo for the tournament was unveiled at a special event at Mykhailivska Square, Kiev, on 14 December 2009. Designed by Portuguese group Brandia Central. It takes its visual identity from Wycinanki or Vytynanky, traditional form of paper cutting practised in rural areas of Poland and Ukraine. The art form symbolises the nature of the rural areas of both countries. As part of the event, landmark buildings in the eight host cities were illuminated with the tournament logo. The official Euro 2012 song is "Endless Summer" by the German singer Oceana. In addition, UEFA has retained the melody that was composed by Rollo Armstrong of Faithless on its behalf for the 2008 tournament. The Republic of Ireland has also produced an official song: "The Rocky Road to Poland" recorded by a collaboration of Irish performers has already reached number 1 in Ireland. In Spain, the broadcasting company Mediaset España commissioned the song "No hay 2 sin 3", performed by David Bisbal and Cali & El Dandee and produced by RedOne. The tournament has also been associated with the song "Heart of Courage" by Two Steps From Hell, which has been played in the stadiums during the entrance of the players (before the national anthems); but also "Seven Nation Army" by The White Stripes, in this case after every goal. Merchandise and mascots  UEFA signed a worldwide licensing agreement with Warner Brothers Consumer Products to help promote the tournament. The agreement involved licensing to third parties for a variety of other merchandising items. Also designed by Warner Bros. were the official tournament mascots, "Slavek and Slavko", twins that wore the national colours of the two host nations. The mascots were unveiled in December 2010, and named following an online poll. UEFA announced ten global sponsors and, for both Poland and Ukraine, three national sponsors as shown below. These sponsorships together with the broadcasting revenues were estimated to earn UEFA at least US$1.6 billion. Concerns and controversies  After Poland and Ukraine were chosen by a vote of the UEFA Executive Committee as host countries for Euro 2012, several issues arose, which jeopardised the Polish/Ukrainian host status. In Ukraine there were financial difficulties related to stadium and infrastructure renovation related to the economic crisis. In Poland, issues arose related to corruption within the Polish Football Association. In April 2009 however, the president of UEFA, Michel Platini announced that all was on track and that he saw no major problems. After a UEFA delegation visited Ukraine in September 2011, he stated the country was "virtually ready for Euro 2012". Especially in the UK, there were allegations of racism in football in both host countries. The main cause of discussion was the BBC current affairs programme Panorama, entitled Euro 2012: Stadiums of Hate, which included recent footage of supporters chanting various antisemitic slogans and displays of white power symbols and banners in Poland, plus Nazi salutes and the beating of South Asians in Ukraine. The documentary was first echoed in much of the British press, but was then attacked for being one-sided and unethical: critics included other British media outlets; anti-racism campaigners, black and Jewish community leaders in Poland; Polish and Ukrainian politicians and journalists; England fans visiting the host nations and Gary Lineker. In response to Yulia Tymoshenko’s hunger strike and her mistreatment in a Ukrainian prison some European politicians and governments announced that they would boycott the matches in Ukraine. Ukraine came under criticism from animal welfare organisations for killing stray cats and dogs in order to prepare for Euro 2012. Ukrainian Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources and Minister Of The Environment promised to take action to prevent killing animals but it still remains unclear how these measures will be enforced. The ministry's comments also suggested this would only be a temporary measure, drawing further criticism. Other minor important issues were associated with FEMEN’s group protests against prostitution and sex tourism in Ukraine, and enormous increases in hotel prices by many hoteliers in the country. See also
All of us want to experience joy in practice, joy in our daily lives. Fr. Antonious Connor, a Coptic Orthodox convert from the island of St. Thomas, focuses specifically on joy in the liturgy. It is the joy of Christ in each of us that helps us reach that level of putting joy into practice. Understand how to achieve joy in the liturgy by listening to this uplifting and energetic talk from the perspective of an Orthodox convert. If you tend to find the liturgy boring or feel that you don't benefit from the Divine Liturgy, then this sermon is a must listen.
Today’s sad news that Junior Seau has died at the age of 43 is another tragic story about the star-crossed San Diego Chargers of 1994, a Super Bowl team that has now seen eight of its players die before reaching the age of 45. Six months ago we noted that linebacker Lew Bush had died of an apparent heart attack, only six days after his 42nd birthday, making him, at the time, the seventh member of that team to die. Defensive lineman Shawn Lee died last year of a heart attack at 44. Defensive lineman Chris Mims died in 2008 of complications from having an enlarged heart at age 38. Offensive lineman Curtis Whitley died in 2008 of a drug overdose at age 39. Linebacker Doug Miller died in 1998 after he was struck by lightning, at age 28. Running back Rodney Culver died in 1996 in the crash of ValuJet Flight 592, at age 26. Linebacker David Griggs died in 1995 in a car accident at age 28. The 1994 Chargers were a tough, hard-nosed, physical team, and no one personified those characteristics more than Seau, who was 25 years old, in his fifth NFL season, and emerging as one of the NFL’s great defensive players. Seau would play seven more seasons in San Diego, then three in Miami and four in New England, and by the end of his career he was as universally respected as an NFL player can be. But in retirement, Seau seemed to lose his way. In 2010 he drove his SUV off a cliff shortly after he was arrested on a charge of spousal battery, and this morning he died, of what police believe was a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest. Seau exemplified that Chargers team, and he has now joined too many of his teammates in early death.
Abyss Web Server Features Compact, easy to use and fully compliant to standards Abyss Web Server is a compact web server available for Windows, MacOS X and Linux operating systems. Low requirements for great performance Abyss Web Server does not require huge memory or excessive computing power to run. That's why it can be used without problems even on small or out-dated systems. It performs at least as well as the common web servers available on the market. Abyss Web Server features a native 64-bit edition for a maximum performance on modern systems. The installation packages contain both 32-bit and 64-bit editions. On Windows, the 64-bit edition is automatically installed if a 64-bit Windows systems is detected. On Linux, the 64-bit edition is used if a 64-bit operating system is detected. An intuitive web management interface called the console makes the web server configuration as easy as browsing a web site. No need to edit configuration files, the console helps you setting the server parameters in an effortless manner and can be accessed from a local or a remote computer. It is available in many languages such as English, French, Arabic, Chinese, and Spanish. Abyss Web Server is based on the APX architecture. APX (which stands for Anti-crash Protection eXtension) was created, here at Aprelium, to make the server crash-proof. If it happens that the software causes a critical error and crashes (which is by the way very improbable), a report will be generated if possible and the server is automatically restarted. The downtime in such a case won't exceed 1 second! Security is the #1 priority in Abyss Web Server. In addition to its advanced URL decoding engine which rejects malicious and suspicious requests, it features an efficient anti-hacking system which detects at an early stage hacking attempts or denial of service attacks and bans dynamically their originating IP addresses. It is also equipped with an anti-leeching system to automatically prevent other web sites from directly linking to your images or files. Abyss Web Server supports the standard eXtended Server Side Includes directives to help you create dynamic HTML pages with the least effort and without requiring the use of a scripting language. Advanced directives such as #if, #elif, #else, #endif, and #set are available to enable flow control as well as variables setting and substitution constructs. Abyss Web Server supports the automatic compression of its responses when it dialogs with modern browsers which understand HTTP compression. This contributes to the reduction of bandwidth consumption and makes your sites load faster for most of your visitors. Abyss Web Server supports file names and URLs written in any human language. Abyss Web Server features a native support for ASP.NET 1.1 as well as 32-bit and 64-bit editions of ASP.NET 2.0, 3.5, 4.0 and 4.5 on Windows NT, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, Home Server, 2008, 7, 8 and 2012. You can install your ASP.NET applications and ASPX files and start serving them immediately with no performance loss and no incompatibilities issues. Abyss Web Server's ASP.NET support is not limited in anyway and can execute small test scripts written in C# or VB.NET as well as large applications which use the advanced capabilities of ASP.NET such as custom web controls, database access, authentication, web services, XML processing, MVC, AJAX, or RIA/Silverlight. Abyss Web Server has been specially designed to make using scripts the simplest possible even on Windows platforms. Thanks to its CGI and ISAPI extensions interfaces, Abyss Web Server supports various scripting languages such as PHP, Perl, "Classic" ASP, Python, Ruby, Rebol, and TCL. Languages which interpreters are FastCGI-compatible (such as PHP) will even experience a significant processing speed boost on Abyss Web Server while reducing in the same time your system load. Whether you are going to test a simple script or install and run a complex database-driven web application, Abyss Web Server is the best choice in terms of ease of configuration and optimal performance. Abyss Web Server can act as a reverse proxy to provide content transparently from another Web server behind it (commonly called a back-end server.) The proxied server can be another Web server or an application server with a restricted or even a trivial HTTP support that has to be shielded from external clients. Reverse proxying is also the recommended way to take advantage of JSP (Java Servlet Pages) and Tomcat/Jetty Web applications. Abyss Web Server can run Web applications based on the Ruby on Rails framework. Their execution speed will be optimal thanks to the use of the FastCGI interface. Installing Ruby on Rails has also been made easy on Abyss Web Server: clear instructions and full Ruby + Ruby on Rails packages are provided to make deployment of the framework quick and straightforward. You can configure the total bandwidth that Abyss Web Server is allowed to use when answering the requests. You can also configure the bandwidth that is allowed for every visitor. Finer bandwidth control is also available in Abyss Web Server X2 and can be used to configure the allowed bandwidth per file, per directory, or per group of files or directories. Password protecting files or directories has never been easier. You can define users and groups of users and create advanced access rules with a few clicks. With Abyss Web Server, you have a total control over the layout and the look and feel of your directory listings. You can define a template using simple SSI directives or you can write in your preferred programming language your custom directory listing script. Abyss Web Server can serve more than one web site from the same computer. This is often called virtual hosting or support for multiple hosts. Each defined host has its specific configuration and is completely independent from other hosts. Virtual hosting is only available in the professional edition Abyss Web Server X2. Abyss Web Server supports the SSL and TLS protocols and is able to accept secure connections with strong cryptography (up to 256-bit keys) to protect your visitors' sensitive data from flowing in clear form over the Internet. SSL/TLS support enables you to host E-commerce sites and accept credit card data with the highest level of security available in today's industry standards. Declaring, self-signing, and requesting SSL certificates has never been easier. With Abyss Web Server, you have not to use external tools and type lengthy commands to generate keys, certificates, and CSRs. Every task related to SSL certificates can be carried out using the console (the remote Web configuration interface). Have you ever wondered how to have the same site available with http:// and https:// URLs at the same time? With Abyss Web Server, such a setup only requires an extra click when declaring your host. You can even configure it to serve some parts of the site (for example login protected areas) only with https://. In such a case, Abyss Web Server will handle automatically the redirection from the http:// to the https:// URL. Dual hosts support is only available in the professional edition Abyss Web Server X2. Abyss Web Server supports both IPv4 and IPv6 Internet protocols for a maximum interoperability with both legacy and modern networks. Abyss Web Server includes a URL rewriting engine conforming to industry standards. It can help you hide the complex URLs of your Web applications and make them look more user friendly. Although URL rewriting is usually considered as an advanced feature, it remains easily controllable in Abyss Web Server through the comprehensible user interface of the console. Abyss Web Server can be configured to act as a Windows System Service, MacOS X Startup Item, or Linux daemon. In such a case, you do not have to start it manually. It will be automatically launched immediately after your computer startup, even though no user is logged in, and will operate in the background. You do not need to be a system wizard to make Abyss Web Server operate in this mode. A few clicks (on Windows and MacOS X) on a comprehensible dialog window are sufficient.
As Imperial War Museum Duxford’s commemoration of the 70th anniversary of the Battle of Britain draws to a close, staff at the Museum have welcomed an important wartime artefact to its recreated Operations Room. © IWM Duxford A ‘Leading Raids’ record board has been donated by an anonymous benefactor as his personal contribution to the Museum’s celebration of the Battle. Clearly of RAF 1940s vintage the chalk board is said to have been acquired by a civilian from RAF Duxford in 1948. Collections and interpretation staff are now investigating the claim that it was used in the Operations Room at Duxford or at nearby Sawston Hall, where the Operations Room was relocated in late 1940 as an air raid safety precaution. A Conservation Team is also looking at its long term preservation. If anybody knows anything about the history of the board, they are asked to contact Peter Murton, Research and Interpretation Officer, on 01223 499 355 or firstname.lastname@example.org.
Lopressor® is a beta blocker which is sometimes effective in the prevention of migraine. It is a cardio-selective beta blocker which can be used for some patients who have co-existing asthma. This compound is like other beta blockers devoid of instrinsic sympathomimetic activity that have proven effectiveness in prevention of migraine headaches. Side effects include decreased blood pressure and slow heart rate. Do not stop this class of medication abruptly as it can cause problems with heart rhythm in sensitive individuals.
On Sunday, High School students performed at Masterpieces at 400 South Main. They were joined by two brave Middle School students, Rory Pfister and Summer Casey. High School students performed in partial preparation for the Kansas High School Activities Association District contest on Feb. 2 at Bethany College at Lindsborg. High School Students performing were Thomas Nelson, Sam Berridge, Sarah White, Laura Riehl, Rachel Smart, Catherine Evenson, Aubree Nuest, Allison Reiser, Steven Robinson, Laura Thompson, and Maryn Robson. The piano students of Eunice Arndt presented a "New Year's Musical Celebration" on Jan. 27 at the Community Church of the Brethren. Performing solos, and one and two piano duets were: Rachel Eisenbarth, Jack Kicklighter, Trenton Knoeber, Elizabeth Lane, Michele Lane, Aimee Nelson, Amanda Nelson, Ana Rumback, Katie Rumback, Kyra Rush, Miranda Stanley and Carissa Youngs. Luke Kicklighter was presented an "Award of Excellence" for his outstanding musical skills, Miranda Stanley and Andrew Kicklighter received the Hutchinson Piano teacher League's "Fall Festival" highest honors performance medal, Trenton Knoeber and Jack Kicklighter received an A-plus performance achievement award, and Elizabeth Lane, Aimee and Amanda Nelson, Miranda Stanley, and Carissa Youngs were recognized for receiving the League's Community Service Award.
Security-sealed meat boxes used to thwart thieves. Meat joints at a Herne Bay supermarket have been locked away in security-sealed boxes to deter thieves. Iceland in Mortimer Street has resorted to using the 'lamb saver boxes' - normally used to protect more expensive goods - in a bid to thwart shoplifters. Herne Bay Motor Cycles boss Simon Wightman said he is “disgusted and saddened” by the lengths stores are having to go to protect He spoke out after it emerged Iceland was even considering putting cheese in plastic security boxes. The dad-of-three, from Greenhill, said: “I just think it is sad that people feel they have to steal from Iceland to survive. What’s the world coming to? When I saw them I couldn’t believe it. “Someone trying to swipe something expensive from Marks & Spencer you can almost understand. “But pinching meat from Iceland? What’s next: an electric fence around the fish fingers?” His partner Gemma Hogan said: “When I laughed at the boxes the woman at the checkout said they are even planning to put cheese in “Apparently so many people steal it. It’s ridiculous. They stuff it down their trousers and run out.” Mr Wightman added: “You can understand them wanting the boxes because even when their security guards catch someone they can’t sell the cheese – it’s been down someone’s pants!” Sheepish Iceland spokesman Amy Goble said: “The lamb saver boxes are used in several hundred Iceland stores and are designed to enhance the availability of the product for customers. “The boxes are designed to serve as a defence mechanism to reduce theft and thereby ensure there is maximum availability for Herne Bay Chamber of Commerce chairman Michael Khoury described the move as “below the belt”. He said: “This is going too far. If that is their policy across hundreds of stores then there is something wrong with their sales “People will go to the butcher instead. In any business you expect to lose around 7% with things dropped, stolen and so on. But security boxes around the ingredients for your roast? That is below the belt and going too far.” What do you think? Leave a comment below. - Click here for more Canterbury news... - Click here for more news from across the county...
Inquiring Skeptics of Upper New York The 1st Symposium on Anomalous Phenomena. For three years Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) hosted a UFO symposium. In 1995 the 3rd symposium was called the 1st Anomalous Phenomena Symposium. The bulk of the talks, however, were about UFOs. Several ISUNY members attended some the talks, and links are provided to our summaries. - March 31, 7:30pm - Robert Hastings - UFO Researcher, ``UFOs - The Hidden History'' - April 21, 8:00pm - Dr. Bruce Maccabee - physicist, ``What's New in UFOs?'' - April 22, 8:00pm - John Burke - crop circle researcher, ``Crop Circle Phenomena'' - April 23, 1:00pm - Kevin Randle - UFO researcher, author, ``UFO Crash at Roswell'' - April 23, 3:30pm - Marshall Vian Summers - philosopher, author - ``Preparing for the Greater Community : Spiritual Implications of Human-ET The talks were free to students. Others payed from 2 to 5 dollars which went towards UPAC---the student Union which sponsors the event.
Bosch Rexroth Corp. CEO Berend Bracht held a formal presentation Wednesday April 23 reporting solid growth in 2007 and offering an upbeat double-digit growth forecast for 2008. Design News Editor-in-Chief John Dodge quizzed Bracht over the phone about the state of this “Drive & Control” company and on the engineering profession. DN: Is Bosch Rexroth an engineering company? Bracht: There’s no doubt BR is an engineering company. Even those in our sales force have engineering degrees (check out Bosch Rexroth’s unique Fun Facts and Creative Diversions humor pages for engineers). DN: Of the 3,150 jobs Bosch Rexroth added last year, how many were engineers? Bracht: I would have to get that for you (later in the day, a spokesman could only say 75 percent of the new jobs were in production). DN: Is BR partial toward a particular type of engineer? Would that be a mechanical engineer? I know that’s your background. Bracht: That might have been the case in the past, but the electrical engineering side is gaining or might be the highest numbers today. Electro-hydraulics is the future with proportional valves and electric drive pumps and motors. We get into the connectivity [before] the mechanical work. DN: How well do you think engineering graduates in the U.S. are prepared for the working world? Bracht: Being able to apply automation products is lacking a little bit. That’s why we have that push to help with these colleges. At Texas A&M, we donated equipment and they opened up an additional lab for automation and [offered] courses for the student, which in the long term is very beneficial for our industry (BR rival Rockwell Automation made a gift of nearly a $1 million in cash and equipment for an automation lab in 2000). Overall, there could be more of a push toward integration of what the industry needs as opposed to what the colleges are offering to the students. DN: Is giving students experience in the working world while they are in college a good idea? Bracht: In Germany, you have two semesters [in the working world]. It’s a very good idea and helps you grow up. A lot of [college] students are quite young. It gives you better feedback on what the real world is like and helps you make the decision that this is not the right field for you and you should choose something different. Or you get the idea you love it and it’s the right thing and you go back to college with a higher level of commitment. DN: How important is mechatronics to Bosch Rexroth? Bracht: It’s been here for some time and we’re going away from the [single] component fields. The need to understand electrical, mechanical, pneumatics and hydraulics in a system approach is here. That focus is increasing. We are going away from only having [single] component sales to integrated modules and components that unify two, three or four parts of these different technologies. DN: [In your formal presentation] you showed a slide of a “mechatronics assembly cube.” What is that? Bracht: We are basically integrating the linear technology with other [technologies]. More and more, linear, automation, electric drives and controls have to be connected in smart and efficient ways. We also have open architecture so we can link to our competitor’s products. (A spokesperson added the mechatronics cube is used for education to teach students about mechatronics. Bosch Rexroth has relationships with about five technical colleges in North America. Besides Texas A&M are Illinois State, Tri-County Technical College, Lake Superior State University and Niagara College Technology Technical Centre). DN: What is the impact of rising energy costs on Bosch Rexroth’s business? Bracht: That’s a difficult question. It’s a benefit because in the oil industry, there are lots of Bosch Rexroth products such as pumps and motors. The higher the oil price, the more investment that will take place. Of course, there is a cost factor to us and on the transportation side, we see the hit. That translates back to a flowing economy. The less the consumer is buying, the less that is being produced. DN: What is the answer to the energy problem? Bracht: Your guess is as good as mine. DN: What are the hottest growth areas? Bracht:Hydrostatic Regenerative Braking(watch the video) is something we have in development and we have contracts with refuse truck users (in his formal presentation, Bracht said the technology promises to reduce diesel consumption by up to 25 percent in hybrid hydraulics). On the wind, we have different pockets. Germany is high [in usage] of wind mills (see related blog post). (In his formal presentation Wednesday, April 23, Bracht mentioned a $247 million investment in a new wind turbine gear plant in Germany, industrial automation in the U.S. lumber industries, several solar initiatives including panel positioning via hydraulics and U.S. plant expansions.) Related Podcast: DN Editor-in-Chief John Dodge interviewed Bosch Rexroth Corp. CEO and President Berend Bracht yesterday about the quality of American engineers coming out of school and about the business outlook for 2008. His assessment is upbeat, especially about wind turbines, solar and regenerative braking for hydraulically powered vehicles. |Bosch Rexroth Corp. CEO and President Berend Bracht
Sweet Tooth is a literary spy novel, both in the sense that it's an espionage story told by a literary writer and because it's an espionage story that, at its heart, is about literature. Set in the early 1970s against a backdrop of IRA bombings, Cold War anxiety, and labor unrest, the book follows a young, pretty MI5 recruit named Serena Frome who gets sucked into a decidedly low-stakes intelligence caper. Anyone looking for John le Carré-style intrigue will be disappointed. There's no clandestine slink through East Berlin, no sniffing out of Soviet moles. Instead, Frome embarks on an unremarkable undercover mission to financially support a young writer who's shown flashes of unfashionable anticommunism. It quickly turns out that the budding novelist and soon-to-be love interest, of course has an awful lot in common with McEwan himself. As things inevitably get complicated, McEwan has a lot of fun digging into (and taking digs at) his own past, even enlisting old pal Martin Amis, first publisher Tom Maschler, and early mentor Ian Hamilton as characters. Sweet Tooth offers enough atmosphere and forward motion to compensate for the story's slightness (and for an unnecessary twist ending that feels forced). It also provides McEwan with plenty of space to ruminate on writers, writing, and the power of stories both the kind in books and those that we spin in real life. B+
LabTechnologist.com brings you a round up of brings you a round up of some of the latest news and releases from A2, GE Healthcare, Guava, Millipore, Radleys, Syngene and Thermo Fisher Scientific. A2 Technologies has introduced a new portable Fourier Transform Infrared (FT-IR) spectrometer designed for use in the field. The rugged Mobility spectrometer range features three systems, the MLp, ML and MLx. The spectrometers incorporate two diamond based sampling systems to allow a broad range of liquids, solids, oils, gels and pastes to be easily analysed. The systems portability reduces the need of sending samples to remote laboratories minimizing laboratory bottlenecks and ensuring faster analysis. GE Healthcare has been awarded the Frost & Sullivan 2007 Product Innovation Award for its pre-clinical imaging systems which cover optical imaging, computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET) and single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT). "GE Healthcare is the pre-eminent diagnostic imaging company with its extensive product line in the X-ray, MRI, CT and PET imaging sectors," said Dr Subha Basu, an industry analyst at Frost & Sullivan. "The considerable resources that GE invests annually toward expanding the limits of innovation are positioning the company as a leader in pre-clinical imaging as well." Guava Technologies has introduced new software for its EasyCyte Plus microcapillary cytometry system to simplify multi-colour detection. According to Guava, the software allows you to visualise up to eight plots simultaneously while still allowing access to data analysis and operation functions. Millipore has released two new cell lines, the MEL-1 and MEL-2 human embryonic stem (HES) cell lines, used in research for the treatment and potential cure of disabling and terminal diseases and conditions. According to the company, the cell lines have been extensively tested with its HEScGRO media and are a valuable addition to Millipore's expanding range of HES cell lines. The MEL lines were derived by Stem Cell Sciences in collaboration with Melbourne IVF and the Australian Stem Cell centre and are under license for the Australian Natioonal Health and Medical Research Council. Radleys has released new literature describing the company's range of chemically inert polyester Tough-Tags labels. The labels adhere strongly to all common laboratory materials and are resistant to organic solvents, caustic agents and other aggressive chemicals as well as being temperature resistant from -196oC to 400oC. Syngene has introduced a new automated image analyser, the G:BOX Chemi XL, that produces images of Western blots labelled with any Qdot colour allowing the differentiation of proteins tagged with different fluorescent markers. The company believes this will allow easier differentiation between total and post-translationally expressed proteins. The analyser contains a 5.5 mega pixel, 16 bit cooled camera that is fitted inside a darkroom and has a motor driven sample stage. "As well as being able to separate different Qdot colours from each other, the system's peltier cooled camera also allows chemiluminescence imaging and means the G:BOX Chemi XL is an essential tool where accurate imaging of fluorescent and chemiluminescent Western blots is critical to the research," said Laura Sullivan, Syngene's Divisional Manager. Thermo fisher Scientific has announced a new general purpose centrifuge system, the Heraeus Multifuge 3 Plus, for both clinical and research applications. According to the company, the 3l centrifuge offers the highest bench-top processing capabilities on the market, and comes with carbon-fibre rotors and high capacity adapters to improve researcher's everyday sample preparation processes. Thermo Fisher Scientific has also developed a new PCR buffer, ReddyMix, which contains a red tracker dye enabling samples to be loaded directly onto an agarose gel for electrophoresis separation after thermal cycling. This should reduce pipetting and reagent handling steps in the PCR process, reducing contamination risks and enhancing test reproducibility.
Whether or not the holidays are rapidly approaching, there is never a wrong time to buy your Christmas gifts. Especially when you need to buy for several people, it is important to think through your Christmas gift ideas early so that you can find the best Christmas gifts for your friends, family, and other loved ones. It is now easier than ever to find cool Christmas gifts at great Christmas gifts prices. Our unique Christmas gifts are perfect for the special people in your life. If your search is more along the lines of bracelets, earrings, and things soft and fluffy, we have that covered as well. Shop our collection of Christmas gifts for her, including jewelry, spa, candles and more in designs you won’t find anywhere else. Our sculpted jewelry catchall, which holds her rings, bracelets, and necklaces in the leaves of this elegant piece. Discover our polished nickel, engravable purse hook to keep her purse at hand or off the floor. Find a Christmas gift for Mom that is stylish, elegant, and unique. At RedEnvelope we offer more than just gifts, we offer gifts with meaning. Be sure to check out our detailed product descriptions and customer reviews to help you find the perfect Christmas gift from our full collection of Christmas gift ideas. For a lasting impression, many of our gifts include a story card and can be packaged in our signature red gift box. Most of our top Christmas gifts are personalizable, which makes it easy to give personalized Christmas gifts that few others will think to give. Our unusual Christmas gifts that can be personalized include items from many different categories, including home décor, jewelry, clothing, and much more. These Christmas gifts ideas are truly extraordinary and sure to delight everyone on your list. Why settle for something that just anyone can give? You no longer have to do that when you consider our unique Christmas gift ideas. Thoughtful Christmas gifts from RedEnvelope will please everyone on your list. Shopping for your husband or boyfriend? Give him the gift of perfect ice-cold martinis with our cubist cocktail set from our bar gifts collection. Pair it with the cubist appetizer set to create a Christmas gift from our top Christmas gifts that’s functional and elegant. If you want an original gift for him, we suggest men’s nickname pajamas or pub glasses with free personalization. Shoppers seeking unusual Christmas gifts for men will like our top-rated beer holster, one of our unique Christmas gift ideas that customers have deemed a great gift for guys. Or, present the baseball fan in your life with a pair of ballpark cufflinks from our cufflinks collection. Select from cufflinks created out of salvaged seats from Wrigley Field, Fenway Park, Yankee Stadium, and more. Don’t forget the golfer in your life either — a set of monogrammed golf club links will delight him on Christmas Day. Christmas gifts for Dad are especially important; show him you care with a family hand print frame or a digital photo key chain. RedEnvelope has Christmas gifts all wrapped up in our selection of great Christmas gifts. Find unique Christmas gifts in our online catalog, including Christmas gifts for boyfriend, fun kid’s apparel, pillowcases, and canvas wall art that express the individual style of your family. Christmas should be aglow with the warm light of candles, oil burners, and luminaries sets. Our punched letter votive lets you spell out any word or message in candlelight and our twisted candlesticks add glamour to the Christmas dinner table. Baked goods always make for welcome and unique Christmas gifts. Get gourmand this year with RedEnvelope’s impressive collection of Christmas baking accessories and edibles! Delight your colleagues this year with cookie pops, or make your own cookies with our fantastic cookie cutter kits, or cakes with our wonderful village cake pans. Home made treats make great Christmas gifts, and the tools needed to make them are among our most popular Christmas gift ideas. Our 3D cookie cutter kit lets you create cookies that literally stand up! Order your jumbo personalized gingerbread house in time for the holidays and impress your family and friends before you all snack on its adorable candy door and windows! Christmas presents for friends and family offer well wishes in the form of Good-Tidings candles, Reasons-I-Love-You stones, and wish ball Ornaments. Unique Christmas gifts like our Year-of-Wishes candles give loved ones a candle, charm, and plaque for each month. Everyone from acquaintances to best friends will appreciate your thoughtfulness throughout the upcoming year. If you’re shopping for baby’s first Christmas gifts, RedEnvelope has personalized present options that parents will cherish. Our rocking horse snow globe will evoke pleasant memories for years to come, and our personalized first Christmas music box plays the holiday classic “Up on the Rooftop”. If you need Christmas gifts for kids, why not try the Night-Before-Christmas Activity Kit? Your children will love a special present they can open early, and you’ll love starting a new holiday tradition with them. Other Christmas gift ideas for children include personalized books, pajamas, and our Decorate-Your-Own Gingerbread House. RedEnvelope is truly a one-stop-shop for festive holiday gifts. We offer not only unique Christmas collection but also an impressive array of Hanukkah gifts. We have Christmas gifts for men, women, and children, and the same as true of our Hanukkah gifts. Our Christmas gift ideas and Hanukkah presents are suitable for longtime friends and casual business acquaintances. Surely you can find great Christmas gifts and super Hanukkah gifts in our holiday catalog, the best Christmas gifts that your gift recipients will receive this year. We update our selection of Christmas gifts ideas and holiday presents frequently, so feel free to return to this page often for more unique Christmas gift ideas. Our aim here at RedEnvelope is to be your chief source of Christmas gifts, so we promise always to offer the best selection of Christmas gift ideas and the most helpful customer service in the industry. We seek to provide not only unique Christmas gifts but service that is uniquely able to meet our needs. Order any of our cool Christmas gifts and we are sure that you will experience the best of what we have to offer as far as product quality and service. Let us do the hard work of thinking up good Christmas gifts ideas for you. You just sit back and watch the joy that our unusual Christmas gifts will bring to your loved ones. Truly, unusual Christmas gifts are quite delightful, and we are confident that those who receive them will count them among the best Christmas gifts they have ever received! Check everyone off your list when you shop our all time Christmas favorites and top Christmas gifts. * Certain products not eligible for discount (including clearance items), and such designation shall appear on the product detail page. Discount will appear upon checkout and cannot be combined with other offers or discounts. Discount does not apply to gift cards or certificates, same-day delivery, shipping and handling, taxes, third-party hosted products (e.g. wine).
Sycerika McMahon set another Irish senior record on the final day of competition at the Irish Short Course Swimming Championships in Lisburn. McMahon, who had already won five national titles on Friday, added three more to her account today to win Swimmer of the Meet. The London Olympian set a new Irish record in the 200m Breaststroke final to dominate Irish breaststroke rankings, now holding records in 50m, 100m and 200m. Her time of 2:25.23 knocked Fiona Doyle's record, set earlier this year, from the books. McMahon won her first gold of the day in the 400m IM final hitting the wall to finish in 4:47.80 - 12 seconds ahead of her closest competitor Lydia Kehoe (5:00.30) of New Ross, who took silver. She then went on to battle it out with Bethany Carson in the 200m Freestyle final. Carson and McMahon were neck and neck right to the end with Sycerika clinching gold in 1:59.63. Lisburn’s Carson (pictured) took the silver medal just .45 of a second behind McMahon in 2:00.08. Tallaght and NAC High Performance Centre swimmer Brendan Hyland continued his recent charge of breaking Irish junior records when he set a new standard for the 400m Individual Medley in the morning heats session, finishing in 4:22.86. The 18-year-old then went on to take over two seconds off that time in the final when he cruised home over 10 seconds ahead of the competition, touching in 4:20.43. Another in-form junior, Brendan Gibbons, set yet another Irish junior record in the 800m Freestyle final, battling it out with Aer Lingus’ Conor Turner (8:12.73), Gibbons held on for gold in 8:11.00. UCD’s Shauna O’Brien set a new Irish senior record in the Women’s 50m Butterfly final. O’Brien broke Julie Douglas’ eight year old record of 27.40 when she touched in 27.30 to claim gold ahead of Kilkenny’s Jane Roberts (28.27). O’Brien’s UCD team-mate Aisling Cooney (1:01.62) won gold in the Women’s 100m Backstroke final, with NAC’s Brian O’Sullivan (55.84) victorious in the men’s equivalent. Bangor’s women (4:23.40) and Aer Lingus’ men (3:55.00) set new Irish Junior Club records in the 4x100m Medley Relay final. Bangor (4:23.40) then went on to set another junior club record in the Women’s 4x100m Freestyle Relay when they finished second behind Galway (3:58.32).
Certainly lots of maintenance that needs to be done on certain equipment. You'd think, though, that it would be scheduled for a different time than set recording, unless he had a sudden issue with it. Could be legit, or an excuse. How do you really feel about it? Fender Jazz Bass Club #1021,Blues Bass Players Club #172 Lefties Who Play Righty Club #288
Borden lemon meringue pie Recipes / Borden lemon meringue pie (1000+) Bordens Lemon Meringue Pie, ingredients: 3 x Large eggs, separated, 1 x (15-oz) can The Best Lemon Meringue Pie, ingredients: 1 1/3 c. all purpose flour, 1 pch Quick And Easy Lemon Meringue Pie, ingredients: 1 can Borden sweetened condensed lowfat than a real lemon meringue pie would. Recipe for Vegan Lemon Meringue Pie Pie crust (makes flour... Enjoy Alissa Lemon Meringue Pie Pie Crust: •1 prepared unbaked Lemon Filling: •1 So this was my very first attempt at a Lemon Meringue Pie and all in all I think it turned might do the same Lemon Filling All Set-Up Raw Vegan Lemon Meringue Pie By Koko, May 15 No. 36 of the Telephone Pioneers of America. Lemon Meringue Pie Makes 6 to 8 servings 1/3 9, 2012 by The Southern Lady This lemon meringue pie is good anytime. We love it for I made a pie every week because your Grandpa loved Lemon Meringue Pie and I loved him Web Results with Borden lemon meringue pie Home > Recipes > Pies > Borden's Magic Lemon Meringue Pie ... Combine Eagle Brand, lemon juice, egg yolks and lemon extract. Stir until mixture ... Blend in butter, lemon juice and rind. Pour into pie shell. Make meringue with the three ... spread over pie, making sure meringue extends over entire surface and ... Enjoy our collection of lemon meringue pie recipes submitted, reviewed and rated by ifood.tv community. Meet people who are looking for lemon meringue pie recipes. For people who learned how to cook from Italian mothers (Never tell her your gravy might be better than... Home made corned beef hash recipesâ¢Borden lemon meringue pieâ¢Filpino ... Cool Whip 2 graham cracker crust pie shells Beat juice and Eagle Brand milk together. ... Pile lightly on pie filling. 3. Bake 325 degrees F. until meringue is lightly browned. ... Mix tomatoes, onions and jalapeno peppers together. Add in salt and cilantro to... recipeâ¢Cooking methodsâ¢Borden lemon meringue pieâ¢Cassata cake recipes ... apple cider meringue pie. peach pecan pie recipe. pie in face gallery ... borden's lemon pie recipe. not american pie. clay soil and perforated pie. blueberry lemon ... Groups / Borden lemon meringue pie (0) Pies, Pies, Pies!, Any pies of any nature are welcome! Savoury or sweet; pastry based All Things Citrus, Lemons, Limes, Grapefruits, if it's got a (primary) citrus flavor products such as ice cream cakes, pies, cookie sandwiches, smoothies, shakes and iced recipes for the oven it can be anything from pies ,cakes even main dishes it doesn't have skillet dishes, wok dishes, souffles, savory pies, quiches, frittatas, gratins, etc Themes / Borden lemon meringue pie (0) way to celebrate Friday with a good ol' pie? Either homemade, or eat out, Fridays wouldn't EGGS CORN PUDDING ROLLS PINEAPPLE CASSEROLE PECAN PIE CARROT CAKE, cuisine: American Cake Baker, Baking cakes, pies, cookies, breads, main ingredient: Poultry, cook method Trusted Results with Borden lemon meringue pie BORDEN LEMON PIE. NEW RECIPES. READER SUBMITTED. BBQ PULLED PORK BAKE ... Lemon Meringue Pie. Meatballs With Mushroom Gravy. Chocolate Pie. Beef Tip Crock Pot Stew ... A squeeze of lemon can bring a dull sauce or lackluster soup to life as it... BORDEN'S MAGIC LEMON MERINGUE PIE. Combine ingredients. Form ... in 8 ... BORDEN'S MAGIC LEMON MERINGUE PIE. Combine ingredients. Form ... in 8 ... LEMON MERINGUE PIE. In medium sized ... thickened. Turn into pie shell. ... BORDEN HOLIDAY EGG NOG PIE. Combine pudding mix, egg nog, milk and ... BORDEN'S MAGIC LEMON MERINGUE PIE. Combine ingredients. Form into a ball. Roll into shape ... Cherry pie filling. In medium bowl, beat cream cheese until light and fluffy. Gradually ... See Also: Borden's Magic Lemon Meringue Pie. Cheese Cake. Katie's ... REAL ENGLISH SHEPHERDS PIE! SMOTHERED CHICKEN. SLOW BAKED CHICKEN ... Chicken Cutlets In Lemon Or Sherry. Borden's Magic Lemon Meringue Pie. Boston Baked Beans ... MAMA'S HAMBURGER PIE. STEAK WITH SHRIMP AND CLAM CREAM SAUCE. VANILLA ... Chicken Cutlets In Lemon Or Sherry. Borden's Magic Lemon Meringue Pie. Bran Bread. Bran ...
Everything’s going to Hell in a handbasket! Or is it? Not according to Matt Ridley. Ridley takes a long-term view of humanity’s past to project a deeply optimistic view of our future. This program was recorded in collaboration with the Long Now Foundation, on March 22, 2011. This program contains visual aids. A complete video version is available at: http://fora.tv/2011/03/22/Matt_Ridley_Deep_Optimism Via trade and other cultural activities, "ideas have sex," and that drives human history in the direction of inconstant but accumulative improvement over time. The criers of havoc keep being proved wrong. A fundamental optimism about human affairs is deeply rational and can be reliably conjured with. Trained at Oxford as a zoologist and an editor at The Economist for eight years, Matt Ridley’s newest book is The Rational Optimist: How Prosperity Evolves. His earlier works include Francis Crick; Nature via Nurture; Genome; and The Origins of Virtue. Matt Ridley’s books have sold over 800,000 copies, been translated into 27 languages and been short-listed for six literary prizes. In 2004 he won the National Academies Book Award from the US National Academies of Science, Engineering and Medicine for Nature via Nurture. He is married to the neuroscientist Professor Anya Hurlbert. They have two children and live at Blagdon near Newcastle upon Tyne.
Free the Trucks By Bill Gerdes From the Shrimp Pimp to Bacon Mania to Border Grill, the food truck phenomenon is the culinary zeitgeist of the moment. Contestants on Top Chef have competed in food trucks, there’s the Great Food Truck Race on the Food Network and Food Truck Revolution on the Cooking Channel. Mobile cooking is the new molecular gastronomy with chefs scurrying to throw away their beakers and fire up the trailer in their backyard. In Southern California we’re lucky to live in the Mecca of mobile cooking and one can find a solitary food truck or a whole slew of them at various locales, with many trucks operating seven days a week. Chef Roy Choi’s Kogi trucks are the breakout stars of the movement, often drawing lines of up to an hour for the fusion-filled Korean-Mexican tacos. Choi’s success has helped spearhead a culinary movement that has redefined how we enjoy food in the area—unless one lives in the IE. “A Nation Divided Against Itself Cannot Stand” That’s due to the fact that Riverside and San Bernardino counties are the only two in the state with a ban on most food trucks. We’re the only citizens in the state unable to enjoy trucks with such names as Fishlips Sushi, the Buttermilk Truck and Chomp Chomp Nation. We’re the only people deprived of Dogzilla Hot Dogs and the Flying Pig truck. Lincoln famously said that a nation divided against itself cannot stand. Is it fair that most of the state gets to enjoy some of the most creative cooking going today while those of us in the Inland Empire content ourselves with the occasional food truck festival, currently the only way most of us in the area get to sample what the rest of SoCal takes for granted? The festivals themselves are great, and there are an increasing number around the area. There’s the I.E. Food Truck Fest happening Oct. 8 at the Citizens Bank Arena in Ontario, another at the Fairplex in Pomona Sept. 11; there were a couple of huge ones in June and another in downtown Riverside, the belly of the beast where the trucks got banned in the first place. While the festivals are unique, and one gets to sample a slew of varied grub, having to wait for a festival to try a truck taco becomes a tad irksome. If I loved the Grilled Cheese Truck do I really have to wait for the next festival? Or drive an hour to Los Angeles? The real question here is whether this explosion of festivals is a sign that San Bernardino and Riverside counties may soon be legalizing the trucks? That we’ll get a taste of what L.A and the O.C. have been blessed with during the truck binge? This food writer sure as Hell hopes so—how many mediocre burger shacks can one guy endure? Roach Coach vs. Gourmet Eatery Riverside County officially banned most food trucks in 1980. At the time the ban may have made sense. The popular image of the “Roach Coach,” a dilapidated and skanky trailer that serves up gamy egg-salad sandwiches was already popularly ingrained in the American psyche. And the Board of Supervisors at the time was no doubt acting to insure that food borne pathogens kept their literally filthy claws off the good voters in the county. Despite having wretched air quality, horrible commutes for many of its denizens, potholes the size of Buicks and a lower life expectancy than Orange or L.A. counties, Riverside officials are quite safety conscious—witness the ban on firework sales. Or food trucks for that matter. Hence the 31-year blockade on mobile eateries. The money shot in Ordinance No. 580 reads, “It is the purpose and intent of this ordinance to prohibit the operation of certain types of mobile food facilities . . . in order to safeguard life, limb, property, and the general welfare of the public.” Lynne Wilder, Program Chief for the health department in Riverside County, agrees that the ban came about through legitimate health concerns. One concern she expressed is that water tanks often run dry and then employees are no longer able to clean up or wash their hands. Wilder also suggested that too much food in a small space without sufficient refrigeration could become a problem. The Truth and the Myths Jethro Naude, who owns and runs the Slapfish truck along with Chef Andrew Gruel, sees these health concerns as outdated and based on old stereotypes. As he puts it, “Food trucks are misunderstood and leagues above the old roach coaches.” They also, he points out, offer up some of the freshest and healthiest cooking around, the occasional truck focusing on the deepest of fried notwithstanding. While we’re talking, Jethro lets me sample a “Lobsticle,” basically half a lobster tail on a skewer, along with possibly the best shrimp burrito I’ve ever eaten. My only health concern at the moment is that I’m eating too much, and I leave the shade of the Slapfish truck happy, full, and convinced that Jethro Naude is right about the healthy quality cooking going on inside these admittedly small areas. Edward de la Cruz and his brother Joseph Ramirez run Los Hermanos Lonchera Sin Fronteras, a Riverside-based former food truck company. The brothers now operate a catering company that uses mobile grills when they cater at various functions, including parties. De la Cruz maintains that having to drive to Irvine every day to run the food truck eventually became to stressful and caused them to take a different direction with the business. He’s also no fan of the truck ban saying that he “never understood it,” and that it was “unfair.” De la Cruz also mentioned a few rumors he had heard regarding the origins of the ban, the first being that Riverside and Norco were more agricultural back then and feared the trucks would be inundated with flies. Another more macabre tale concerned a possible former food truck employee who had mysteriously burned to death in a hot oil fire started in a food truck. The Weekly couldn’t confirm either rumor, but both possibilities are far more prosaic than fears of E. coli or local restaurants fretting about competition. The Middle of the Road That fear, one of food trucks parking outside stationary restaurants and poaching potential customers, hovers slightly below the radar in any food truck conversation ban. Wilder mentioned this as a possible reason for the original ban saying it may have been a worry that they would take business away from stationary restaurants. Certainly Jeff Mineo, who works for Farmer Boys Inc., thinks so. At the San Bernardino County Board of Supervisors meeting to determine if the truck ban would be lifted Mineo mentioned unfair competition since the trucks are mobile. Yes, although unfair competition for Farmer Boys might not be such a terrible idea. The San Bernardino City Council wound up adopting a “middle of the road” compromise according to Supervisor Janice Rutherford’s communications director Scott Van Horne. Supervisor Rutherford who, along with Supervisor Brad Mitzelfelt, has been an early proponent of opening up San Bernardino County to trucks, saw her efforts to truly free them up somewhat curtailed. Instead the board will allow the trucks at festivals and some special events but only with the approval of the particular city involved. While stressing that middle-of-the-road option was not her first choice Supervisor Rutherford went on to say, “It will—at least—open the door for more food trucks and food truck-related businesses here in our county.” Rutherford also gave an All-American rationale for her support of lifting the ban in the first place saying, “I supported lifting the ban on food trucks because I support free enterprise.” Free enterprise, innovative cooking and healthy food—who could really be against such wholesomeness? Well, I mean besides Riverside and San Bernardino counties of course. Full and Happy On a recent Saturday I slunk out of Riverside intent on committing what in the IE might be considered a crime, aiding and abetting a mobile kitchen facility. Yes, I was going to actually eat at some food trucks. I drove west on the 91, through Corona, steely and determined not to make eye-contact with anyone lest they grasp my nefarious plan to eat food cooked in a trailer. In Yorba Linda, I was almost out of the woods; still a brief moment of paranoia as a highway patrol officer came up on my right, but then I was in Anaheim. I had made it. I was free. Well, free to attend a food truck gathering at Servite High School, a gathering that may or may not have been a fundraiser for the football team—I was too busy eating to find out. As I walked across the track field there were trucks of all colors and cuisines. The blue Bacon Mania truck, the graffiti inspired Brats Berlin and the ultra-chic Barcelona on the Go. I sampled yummy savory crepes from Crepes Bonaparte, bacon-wrapped dates from the Barcelona truck and a roast pork taco from Dos Chinos. I didn’t get sick, just full and happy. And I suppose that’s the point really—the bans in the Inland Empire would make sense if people were getting ill or worse from eating at these trucks. But the most people could come up with about sickness was a rumor about someone being burned alive with cooking oil. Even Wilder failed to come up with any concrete stories of anyone in other counties getting ill from eating at a truck. And people get sick from eating at regular restaurants. Living in the IE can be rough enough at times with scorching temperatures, jokes about “Rivertucky” and Ken Calvert. It’s time to free the trucks and let the good times roll.
The Enchanted Voyagers Association is a chapter of the American Voyager Association. The club was formed by Kawasaki Voyager Riders in New Mexico, but is open to all riders. Please feel free to use this service. Hi Brenda and everyone else. I went out to the garage yesterday to check the bike for why it was not starting. It started right away. I don't know if this is good or bad! I hate intermittent problems. Probably one of the interlock switches is sticking. We have friends from up north visiting Tucson for the weekend, and we are all riding to Karchner Caverns for a tour and then on to Tombstone and finally Bisbee for lunch. Great weather predicted for today. Apr 29, 2012 - 7:45AM Morning to all...Bob I don't know you BUT I do wish I was going on that ride with you, as it sounds like alot of fun...My wife and I love all there is to see and do there in AZ...Looking forward to the Lord selling our home later this year so we can go back to NV again as there are lots of sites to see there as well. Hope ya'll have a Great day... Good Afternoon, All; It's pushing 80 after a cool morning this morning. I played on the Praise Team this morning, so I had to be at Church by 0800. Didn't get a chance to post. Maverick, it doesn't look like I'll be there again tomorrow, I'll be finishing detailing my bike and putting the plastic on (these things take time with me.) Got the AC working in the cage yesterday, so at least I'll be cool while driving. Making plans for the PDCR! Everyone Have a Great Day! We had a great ride today - just got back home. Nevada is one of the states that we have not traveled in. Maybe we can do that together sometime. I hope the Lord sells your home quickly. He sure kept us all safe today. Have a good one.
Fans pack McCovey Cove for Derby Wild scene behind right-field wall at AT&T Park on Monday SAN FRANCISCO -- The All-Star Home Run Derby is always a hot ticket, but to hear one longtime Giants fan and personal watercraft enthusiast tell it Monday, ducats for the Derby were easier to score than a spot in McCovey Cove. When Denny Bahr, a self-described "40-year-old Bay Area half-beatnik," says he missed the boat, he's speaking literally. Bahr, who said he floats in a kayak beyond the right-field wall at AT&T Park during "about 20 or 30" games a season, was among the Cove regulars who were unable to secure the proper registration required for entry into the "security zone" in China Basin Channel. "I'm not mad about having to register at all; I understand the security issues and all that," Bahr said while looking down on the Cove from the right-field Arcade as Ryan Howard of the Phillies took his first-round hacks. "I'm mad at myself. We don't need to register for regular games, but I knew we did for the All-Star stuff, and that the space was limited, and that it was free to register. I just forgot, man. And by the time I remembered, all the permits were gone. "Gone like Bonds." Quick note: The right-field Arcade from which Bahr was looking down -- with palpable sadness -- on the colorful armada below is inside AT&T Park. "I'd rather be down there," he said. "I'm not alone, either. I've heard that a bunch of people who are out there a lot during the season did the same thing. Doesn't make me feel any better, though." Nor did it make him feel any better that the bobbing flotilla -- kayaks, canoes, surfboards, boogie boards, rafts and at least one pair of giant foam waterskis -- saw but one ball drop into their aquatic playground during the entire contest. It was a foul ball, however, so it didn't count. Brewers big man Prince Fielder's drive barely cleared the Portwalk that separates the outside wall of the ballpark and the Cove, and was pulled from the greenish murk within three seconds by a Hawaiian-shirt-wearing man who didn't hesitate to dive off his Giants-orange kayak for the coveted orb. "Did you see that guy, Mommy?" gushed Scotty Kendrick, an 8-year-old from Boston who was clearly awed by the Hawaiian plunge. "He's gonna be really cold in a little while." Kendrick's mother, Janis, said, "Well, it must be worth it to him. That ball might be worth a lot of money, I guess." Actually, Bahr noted, the ball likely wouldn't fetch much. "I'm guessing the balls for this have an All-Star logo [they do], but there's still going to be a lot of them out there on whatever market there is," he said. "And bro, I don't think people are out there on the water trying to make money. Sure, we'd all like to get a Barry Bonds homer, especially a milestone shot. I'd take that golden nugget to the bank, no doubt. But I'm out there because I love the water, I love the people, I love the scene. "It's a scene, man. That's what it's all about." It certainly was a scene Monday, as people occasionally bounded from craft to craft, beverage in hand. Think MTV's Spring Break spectacles at Lake Havasu, Ariz. -- only the cavorters are about 15 years older and wearing, for the most part, a lot more clothes. Speaking of clothes, there is no dress code in the Cove. The sartorial splendor Monday evening included jerseys, swimsuits, wetsuits, fleece jackets, lifejackets, bikinis, board shorts and a couple of pirate costumes. Not Pirates uniforms. Pirate costumes. "No way those people are locals," sniffed Andy Cannon, an 18-year-old from San Francisco who spent the second round strolling the Portwalk, alternately rubbernecking co-eds and joining the spontaneous derisive Dodgers chants that came up from the water every 15 minutes or so. "You see those weak hats? San Fran comes stronger than that." "But I am jealous of the pirates. I'll admit that much. They're in the Cove and I'm not." Mychael Urban is a national writer for MLB.com. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.
This month’s traffic safety blitz, held over the May long weekend, saw 50 motorists in the province charged with impaired driving, 27 temporary driver’s licence suspensions and 28 tickets for having liquor in a vehicle. The blitz was held in conjunction with Canada Road Safety Week and was timely, as instances of impaired driving tend to increase on long weekends. Throughout the weekend, more than 1,300 tickets were issued to Saskatchewan motorists, including more than 700 for aggressive driving (which includes speeding, failing to stop or yield, crossing a solid line, etc.), more than 120 for improper or non-seatbelt use and almost 60 for distracted driving or cellphone use while driving. According to Staff Sergeant Gord Stewart, charges in the Broadview RCMP Detachment area were up from last year. Broadview RCMP laid a total of 54 charges over the May long weekend. Those charges included: one roadside suspension; three Criminal Code drinking and driving charges; 12 seatbelts; one aggressive driving charge; six distracted driving charges; 15 speeding charges and 16 assorted charges. Through the monthly traffic safety blitzes, SGI and law enforcement partners aim to raise awareness of various traffic safety issues in the province. The ultimate goal is not to issue a certain amount of tickets, but to make our roads safer for all Saskatchewan motorists. Agencies involved included rural and larger municipal services and the RCMP, among others. Last month’s coordinated traffic safety blitz, Operation Hang Up, Buckle Up, resulted in more than 500 tickets for Saskatchewan motorists.
BLUE MAN GROUP EXPERIENCE: Opened: November 17, 1991 How Long is Blue Man Group: 2 hours with 1 intermission Blue Man Group Director: Matt Goldman, Phil Stanton and Chris Wink Blue Man Group Scenic Design By: Kevin Joseph Roach Theatre: Astor Place Theatre Theatre Location: 434 Lafayette Place, New York, NY The Blue Man Group is a creative theatrical performance that is performed all over the world. The Blue Man Group is based off a whimsical percussion that began with three friends on the streets of New York in the 1980’s and has grown to hundreds of cast members performing worldwide in cities such as New York, Boston, Chicago, Berlin, Oberhausen and Las Vegas. The Blue Man Group differ from city to city based on cultural differences and size of the theatre. The Blue Man Group consists of three, enigmatic bald and blue characters that attack all of your senses throughout the performance that is carried out with ordinary percussion instruments. Blue Man Group use bizarre combinations of strings, drums, tubes, airpoles and more miscellaneous items such as the shaker gong and the gyro shot. Audience members sitting close to the action sometimes get splattered by the different media used from the show! This creative, artistic show is a must see for all ages. The Blue Man Group has made several TV guest appearances over the years including Live with Kelly and Regis 4 times and The Tonight Show with Hay Leno 17 times. Blue Man Group have also performed music for movies and TV shows and in 1999 their debut album ADUIO was nominated for a Grammy. Buy your Blue Man Group tickets today and experience the excitement of the Blue Man Group up close and personal! Blue Man Group 3 3 Blue Man Group - Good, but not great I had pretty high expectations going to see the Blue Man Group and they were not all met. There were some great parts, but there were a few segments that were kind of slow and took a long time to develop. Overall I give it a 3 out of 5 Star rating. June 22, 2011 In base theatre better than tour I have seen the Blue Man Group three times. Once in Chicago, once in Las Vegas and once on tour. Out of the three the performance of the one at the theatre in Chicago was the best. The Las Vegas one was good too, but the tour lost some of the magic. The one in Chicago was awesome because it is a smaller more inmate then the other two. Also since they have a long term lease on the theatre and they are they only ones that performer there they made the space all theirs. The one in Vegas was great it was back when they used to be at the Luxor. So I can't say anything about their new digs Venetian. But this show was most special to be because I proposed to my wife back stage after the show with the cast and crew. The tour I feel is still good but loses some of the magic. So I recommend if you see them go to one of their base theatres in Chicago, New York, Las Vegas, Boston, or Orlando. July 1, 2011 Non-stop entertainment Saw BMG in Chicago for the 1st time. Theater is small and every seat is a good seat. Their performance was awesome -- such creativity!! This 3 man group is adept at musical and acting skills. Their facial expresssions "speak" volumes. The crew and additional musicians concocted segment after segment of "colorful" entertainment. There is no intermission -- show lasts for about 2 hrs. Children (ages 10 and up) as well as adults are kept in rapt attention, looking forward as to what the group will do next. BMG interacts well with audience and selects a couple of people to go on stage with them -- this makes the show even more hilarious. Tickets arent't cheap, but you certainly get your money's worth! Go to see them at least once! January 8, 2012
A Life Nearly Lost by Bryan Gibson I had been asleep for nearly two hours when I received the phone call. My sixteen year-old niece, Valerie Baker, had been in a terrible car accident, leaving her in critical condition. As soon as I got off the phone, I started praying, something I’m sure other family members were doing at the same time. The next day I received word that she was going to pull through, although there was the possibility that she would lose her left leg. Three days after the accident, her left leg was amputated from the middle of the knee joint. The following day successful reconstructive surgery was performed on her right knee, which had also been badly damaged in the accident. At the time of this writing, Valerie is experiencing the normal “lows” associated with an ordeal like this, but she is very thankful to be alive. I’ve done a lot of thinking over the last week about some lessons we can learn from this whole situation. § Life, although a precious blessing, is very fragile and uncertain. As I mentioned earlier, Valerie has had some low moments, but she is thankful to be alive. The state trooper who investigated the accident was amazed that someone survived this accident. Actually, two people did. The girl who was a passenger in the car Valerie was driving escaped with hardly a scratch, even though the car hit a tree, was split in two, and flipped a couple times. Most accidents of this magnitude do not have a “happy ending.” Every day people die suddenly from traffic accidents and from other causes. In other words, life is fragile; it can be taken from us in the “blink of an eye.” We must consider each day a blessing from God and make the very best of it (Psalms 118:24). What we must do with each day is get ready for THE DAY. Because life is so uncertain, THE DAY may come sooner than any of us expect. § Life is full of sorrow (Psalms 90:10). I have seen more tears shed in this past week than I have seen in a long time—from Valerie, from her parents, from other family members, from many of her friends who had come to check on her. It triggers a lot of emotion when you see a sixteen year-old girl lying in intensive care, with tubes running everywhere from her body. This life can be very good at times, but it can also be awfully cruel. It should make us long for that place where God will wipe away all tears, where there will be no more death, nor sorrow, nor crying (Revelation 21:4). § Suffering can bring out the best in people. It is too early to say with certainty how Valerie will react to all that has happened to her. But what I do know about her gives me confidence that this whole ordeal will strengthen her character. This physical “weakness” may prove to make her stronger spiritually (2 Corinthians 12:7-10). What happened to her was a bad thing, but God has the power to make it work for good (Romans 8:28). This accident has already brought out the best in other people. There is simply no way to measure the amount of compassion that has been shown to my niece and to our family. Prayers have been said, words of encouragement have been spoken, food has been cooked, money has been raised to help with expenses, and the list could go on and on. A long time ago, God showed us the true meaning of love (1 John 3:16). How comforting it is, how encouraging, when others demonstrate that same kind of love. I spoke with Valerie on the phone before writing this article. She told me she loved me, and then she said, “tell Aunt Lynn and all your family that I love them too.” I suspect Valerie understands the meaning and value of love more than she ever has in her entire life. § We should be thankful that we have a powerful, loving heavenly Father who hears and answers our prayers (1 John 5:14-15). We sometimes make the statement in certain situations, “well, all we can do is pray.” We should instead say, “the best thing we can do is pray.” Word was spread about my niece’s accident to faithful Christians in many other places, and they all petitioned the throne of God on her behalf. Yes, I know she lost part of her leg, but she is alive, and I sincerely believe that we have God to thank for that. We can also give thanks to Him that she did not sustain any head injuries. In time, with the help of a prosthesis, she will be able to walk again, even run and jump again. Overcoming a brain injury would have been much tougher. Wouldn’t it be terrible in a situation like this to not be able to pray with confidence, because we knew our lives were not pleasing to God—to know that we so desperately needed God’s help, but not have the confidence that we would receive it? (1 John 3:22). Valerie is now out of intensive care—but only in one sense. She remains under the intensive care of God. Editor’s update: Valerie went on to finish high school, and then college, and is now in the midst of her first year of teaching. She is a faithful Christian and plans to marry another faithful Christian this summer (2008).
The U.S. Capitol is reflected in its reflecting pool / Alex Brandon, AP The mandatory, across-the-board budget cuts from the federal sequestration are causing little noticeable effect on most school campuses, but schools for Native Americans are already feeling the pinch. Jacquelyn Power and her students have been living with less since last November. Power is both superintendent and principal of the tiny Blackwater Community School on Arizona's Gila River Indian Reservation, one of about 1,300 school districts nationwide that receives federal Impact Aid for schools that can't collect local property taxes. So they're preparing for a hard school year, perhaps one of the hardest since the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs built Blackwater in 1939. "We have this amazing little school that is beating the odds," she said, "but you can't continue to keep it up with no funding." Schools located both on federal Indian land and military bases receive Impact Aid, but children on Indian lands account for nearly half of Impact Aid dollars, even though they're outnumbered by military kids by more than three to one. While federal funding generally accounts for about 10% of most school districts' budgets, in schools like Blackwater, it can account for one-third or more of the budget. When Powers' annual check arrived last November, it totaled only about 70% of what she was expecting. Anticipating the mandatory cuts originally due to hit this past January, federal bookkeepers cut her a check with a $62,000 hole in the middle. "That's a huge amount of money in our budget," she said. Add to that the first round of anticipated federal cuts for both poor and disabled children and she expects class sizes to rise. She has already spent most of her emergency fund. A few hours east, Window Rock, Ariz., Superintendent Deborah Jackson-Dennison confirmed, "We're already under the sequester, right now." As she spoke Thursday, principals were gathered in a conference room down the hall from her Fort Defiance, Ariz., office, trying to figure out how to select teachers for pink slips. Thirty-five teachers have already said they'll leave the district this spring, but Jackson-Dennison needs to trim another 17. She began the school year with 179 teachers and can afford only 127 next fall. "The word has been out about this," she said. "People are leaving on their own." She plans to close or consolidate three of her seven schools. John Forkenbrock, executive director of the National Association of Federally Impacted Schools, said he's getting phone calls and e-mails from superintendents looking for help putting together their 2013-14 budgets, but uncertainty about how the sequestration will play out means he can't really help them. Districts could get a little relief as the federal budget process plays out. Power's 70% could eventually rise to 80% when final numbers are in. "We have to think that the glass is still half full." Jackson-Dennison said she's not sure where her laid-off teachers, 80% of whom are Navajo, will find work. Albuquerque is a three-hour drive and that district is feeling the sequestration's effects too. "They've been here for centuries - they're from here and many generations have been here," she said. The school district is "the only solid structure that they can rely on." Copyright 2013 USATODAY.com Read the original story: Budget cuts to hit Native American schools the hardest
A city in northwest Broward County is joining three in west Broward in trying to control pit bulls, a breed of dog known for violent tendencies. This week, the North Lauderdale City Council voted to ask Broward County to increase the minimum amount of liability insurance it requires owners of dogs declared as ``vicious`` to carry. Under the city`s proposal, the minimum insurance coverage would be raised from $100,000 to $500,000. ``Everybody is doing it, so to speak,`` said council member Steve Hillebrand, who brought the proposal to the council. ``We`re asking the county to upgrade its insurance requirements.`` North Lauderdale operates under the county`s ordinance controlling ``vicious dogs`` as opposed to making specific provisions for pit bulls. Hillebrand said he also wants the county to amend the ordinance, identifying pit bulls as vicious dogs. ``That`s a gray area right now,`` he said. ``But these dogs can bite with 2,000 pounds of pressure per square inch, stronger than a German shepherd or Doberman pincher, and that`s dangerous.`` The issue of safety is paramount, council member Ben Sonnerreich said. ``We have an awful lot of kids in this town. If a pit bull gets into a group of kids, it can cause a lot of damage,`` Sonnerreich said. ``Let`s see that the kids are all (protected).`` The west Broward cities of Sunrise and Lauderdale Lakes recently passed ordinances aimed at controlling pit bulls and other vicious dogs. The ordinances require that owners leash, pen and muzzle their animals, and have at least $300,000 in liability insurance. On Tuesday, Lauderhill approved a dog-control ordinance that says a dog may be termed vicious after one biting incident instead of three. North Lauderdale officials did not discuss enacting their own pit bull ordinance. But they said they want the stronger county measures as a precaution. ``I don`t recall any complaints of (pit bull) attacks off hand, but there is growing concern in the county,`` North Lauderdale City Manager Eric Soroka said. ``We keep reading about people getting maimed by these dogs.`` Although higher liability insurance is part of each city`s legislation, pit bull owners in all cities may find insurance hard to get. ``We can`t insure a home if the family owns a pit bull,`` said Dan Sawyer, a local agent for State Farm Insurance. ``The number of claims makes writing that kind of policy prohibitive. ``We don`t want to deny anyone insurance, but we have to in these cases,`` he said. ``I don`t know any major company that writes these policies.`` Most homeowners have $100,000 liability policies, and a $300,000 policy would cost only about $20 more per year, Sawyer said. ``But if the (pit bull) insurance was available, it would cost a fortune.`` Samuel Goren, the city of North Lauderdale`s city attorney, said the insurance problem may make any ordinance against vicious dogs unenforcable. ``If you can`t get insurance, the law is diluted. You can`t enforce it,`` Goren said. ``It`s an interesting problem.`` Goren said he would prepare the pit bull resolution for the North Lauderdale council`s meeting on Thursday. In other action, the council: -- Set aside $17,723 to expand its summer recreation programs. -- Granted a zoning variance allowing a 12-foot diameter television dish at 6560 SW Seventh Court. -- Approved the installation of three game machines in the Value Cinema in the 1300 block of South State Road 7. -- Declared some city property, including cars, trucks and two-way radios, as surplus, making them available to be auctioned off on June 10.
Former Rangers defenseman Steve Eminger has been skating at the Flyers practice facility in South Jersey according to tweets from Tim Panaccio and Anthony SanFilippo. SanFilippo, who works for the Flyers website cautions “Guys who live in the area are welcome to pay for ice to practice.” He adds that Eminger worked out in Philly last offseason as well but then re-signed with the Rangers in late July. Adam Rotter: I think Eminger has run his course with the Rangers. He is a bottom pairing defenseman who works hard every night, but I think the Rangers are ready to move in another direction. His skating in Philly doesn’t mean that he will end up with the Flyers, who he played 12 games with before being traded to Tampa Bay, but a search of “Eminger” on twitter revealed that Flyer fans are not that excited about the idea of Eminger returning.
PM and Montek rubbish Sibal's telecom proposal By Sps Pannu Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has trashed telecom minister Kapil Sibal's proposal to unilaterally amend the government's licensing agreement with existing telecom companies and force them to pay auction-determined prices for the spectrum they currently hold. The PM put his stamp of approval on the finance ministry views in response to a draft note circulated to various ministries in preparation for a Cabinet meeting scheduled for Tuesday. Sibal seems to be buffeted between the PM and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, who has similarly raised Cain over amending the licensing agreement. Opposed: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Deputy Chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia According to sources, Sibal's proposal would have gone against the interests of dual technology companies Tata Teleservices and RCom and benefited GSM operators Bharti Airtel and Vodafone. The licenses of dual technology companies are valid till 2021 and beyond, while those of the GSM players are due for renewal a good seven years earlier in 2014-15. The dual technology companies would, therefore, end up losing a lot more than the GSM players if the department of telecommunications (DoT) proposal is pushed through. The PM has, as finance minister, made it clear that the sanctity of contracts need to be weighed carefully, thus implying that this would not be the case if the DoT proposal of unilaterally amending the licence was to be implemented. Cabinet Minister for Human Resource Development (HRD), Communications and Information Technology Kapil Sibal The finance ministry has pointed out that the government has allotted the start-up spectrum and contracted spectrum to the existing players and by doing so has acquired certain contractual obligations for the duration of the licence. The PM has come out in favour of a careful assessment of the impact on investor sentiment that frequent changes in contract terms may have. The impact on foreign investors is also considered important and has come up for special mention. The Sibal-headed DoT, on the other hand, appears to be banking on the "level playing field" argument for old and new players in its proposal to charge auction- determined prices. The finance ministry's logic is in sync with the views of the Planning Commission, which has gone into the issue in considerable detail. The Commission has also stated that the terms of the unified access (UAS) licence give the government the power to change the terms at any time. 'This is indeed a wide ranging power, but is usually meant to be used in an extreme case. If it is interpreted to mean that any change can be used at any time, it becomes to open ended, leading to uncertainty. It is doubtful that banks or other investors will finance telecom investments if the terms of licences are subject to such open ended certainty,' it concludes. According to the Planning Commission, the only rationale for the change seems to be that there should be a level playing field between new and incumbent operators. It has observed that all industries see new entrants entering at different times. 'New entrants always incur different costs and very often face different tax environments from what the incumbents faced. For example, if interest rates have risen at a time when new incumbents are investing, they have a disadvantage over existing incumbents but interest rates are rationalised retrospectively on all outstanding loans of existing incumbents. New entrants in telecom are entering a field where the advantage of existing incumbents are known and it will be reflected in the competitive bid for the spectrum,' the Planning Commission further argued. Meanwhile, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Monday evening recused himself from heading the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) on telecom, three days after he replaced Pranab Mukherjee in the job. Pawar, who was scheduled to chair the first meeting of the new EGoM, postponed the meeting and then wrote to the Prime Minister recalling how attempts were made in the past to drag him in the 2G controversy and that it would be appropriate for him to recuse himself.
There won't be many players as excited as Jelena Skerovic when next year's EuroBasket Women tips off. Skerovic will wear the Montenegro shirt when the tournament is held in Poland. Her national team qualified for the event for the first time in their history last summer. "It's a huge success for my career," Skerovic said to Basketball World News. "With the national team, we have a chance to show our game and our possibilities in the European Championship. "In three years, we've gone from the B division to the A division and showed we can play basketball. "I think we're going to be good. "People are going to start looking at us. "It makes me very proud, to be Montenegrin and to be a part of the national team." Skerovic, a 1.77m guard, turns 30 two days before Christmas. She is right now competing for Frisco Sika Brno in the Czech top flight and the EuroLeague Women. Brno will take on Gorzow in Poland this week in Europe's elite club competition.
Before your equine athlete starts racing or competing it must have the muscle mass to power its required workload. This work can includes sit and sprint as well as middle and long distance racing, jumping, dressage, eventing, endurance, rodeo, polo, trekking, carts and games. The Hanley Formula is the most powerful muscle building equine supplement available. During hard training, racing and competing the large muscle groups which power the horse are broken down and damaged. The only way to build and repair these muscles is by providing your equine athletes the essential building blocks. The Hanley Formula contains all these building blocks. By using The Hanley Formula your horse can produce and repair its own tendons, connective tissue (collagen) and ligaments. Protein Needs for Exercise |Average 500kg Horse||Light Work||Moderate Work||Hard Work||Very Hard Work| |Protein Needs (Grams per Day)||700||768||862||1000| The Hanley Formula is an amazing supplement. We use it with the young horses for weight gain and top line. It is great for building lean body mass. For our top eventers the amino acids are crucial to maintaining them at the top end of the sport, assisting with muscle recovery and metabolism. We have used Hanley Formula on our stallion Don Quattro for about a year now. We have noticed that he maintained great overall condition right through the competition year without needing extra feed, and in particular his muscle condition was outstanding. Since I've been using The Hanley Formula my horses have raced more consistently, staying at the top of their game for longer. Their muscle tone and recovery are excellent .
Ericsson R280 / R289 hide detailed ratings I have used many phone models throughout the past 3 years and no other phone has given me the signal strength that the Ericsson's R289LX does. Literally,.... any elevator, store, highway or locker room in the East Florida region. I hear all the time from cell phone users that many of them cannot use their mobile phone in their own house. That's a serious problem especially if this is their business phone. Now this Ericsson does not have the most high-tech features or fit snug in your pockets but it will give you what you want. . . . a clear phone call any where you are. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate. Have a question about this phone? Ask in the Forum › Ready to buy? Shop for this phone ›
scroll down for additional documents Thank you so much for all of your support communicating the safety/facility improvement needs that we have in our District! The vote passed with 352 YES votes and 77 NO votes! SEI Design Group, the architecture firm we are using for the project, shared with me they have never seen an 80% voter approval so kudos to all our capital project supporters! SEI Design Group has a solid reputation in the area for capital project work and the Capital Project Committee is looking forward to continuing our healthy relationship throughout the project. Although there has been a lot of work with communicating and promoting the project to this point, the process is just beginning and will continue to be quite demanding and lengthy, but it will certainly be worth it in the end. I would like to offer my sincere thanks to the following Capital Project Committee members for all their hard work over the past year: Bob Good, Mike Liberty, Mike Giaconia, George Hotchkiss, George English, Ruth English, Donna Schaertl, Eric Schaertl, Linda Lytle, Bob Leiby (started the process), Brian Cieslinski (SEI Design Group) and Gian-Paul Piane (SEI Design Group). Superintendent of Schools
Pobst All the Way in Monterey Pirelli World Challenge; Cunningham, Lamb Take Class Wins May 11, 2012 - MONTEREY, Calif. - Randy Pobst, of Gainesville, Ga., led all the way to win the Pirelli World Challenge Cadillac Sports Car Grand Prix at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, piloting his Volvo S60 to the GT class win. Peter Cunningham, of Milwaukee, Wis., captured the GTS win, while Todd Lamb, of Atlanta, Ga., won in Touring Car. Randy Pobst leads the field into Turn Two at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca (Weber Image) Starting from the pole with his No. 6 K-PAX Racing Volvo S60, Pobst got the holeshot on the standing start, built a 3.5-second lead over teammate Alex Figge, of Denver, Colo., by lap three and was never seriously challenged to win at the undulating 11-turn, 2.358-mile circuit for the third time, and first since 2006. It was Pobst’s first series win of the 2012 season, the 27th of his career. “This is the combination of so much hard work by the K-PAX Volvo racing team and this track and the Volvo working well together,” Pobst said after the race. “The car’s better than ever. We had some trouble keeping it running last year. I think they’ve got it sorted out, though. We’re going to have some good races with these guys for the rest of the year. Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca is just right for the Volvo with its all-wheel drive, especially coming out of Turn 11. It just rocks off that corner!” Pobst set a new lap record during the race, with a 1:27.491 (92.087 mph). Figge started third in his No. 9 K-PAX Racing Volvo S60, but launched into second at the start around the No. 8 Cadillac Racing Cadillac CTS-V of Andy Pilgrim. From there, he maintained second for the duration of the 28-lap, 62.664-mile contest, closing twice under caution, but never forcing the issue with his teammate. “A great day for the team and for Volvo,” Figge said. “Andy Pilgrim was really a gentleman, as he always is, driving clean and his own race. That made it a lot more fun for me as well as we had a little dice on the restart. Other than that, it was just about putting laps in and making sure we had a one-two for the guys. “The restarts were the only places to maybe try something, but the cars don’t run really well in traffic, even behind a similar car. Yesterday, in qualifying, it was Randy’s day and he had the pace today. It wasn’t going to be some easy move to go by Randy, so I think it was better to run a clean race, take the points and the one-two.” Pilgrim was happy with his third-place run, and had to hold off a charging Lawson Aschenbach at the finish, who started from the rear of the field in his No. 1 TruSpeed/Privacy Star/EnTrust Porsche 911 GT3 after missing qualifying. “Manufacturers points is all we care about,” Pilgrim said. “Of course, I was going to try and get to Alex Figge, because I wanted him to be a cushion between us and the Porsche. It just really kept me focused. Lawson raced me fair and really close. The brakes on our car made it for us. He didn’t make anything on us on brakes. “It was a really good run. It was an elastic-band effect with Volvo. They were slow going into the corners and rockets coming out. I had the best shot on restarts, to try and get Alex. He was very clean, we were bumping, but it was clean. He gave me room and I gave him room. But once I got to the end of the corner, they took off. I tried, really, because I wanted to put him between me and Lawson. Having Lawson behind me, holy smoke…I had to just be perfect for those four or five laps at the end. Luckily, we were.” For his efforts, moving from 15th on the grid to finish fourth, Aschenbach earned the Optima Batteries Best Standing Start award (advancing five positions on the opening lap) as well as the Cadillac CTS-V Move of the Race. Steve Ott, who started sixth but moved to fourth on the opening lap, running closely behind Figge and Pilgrim for the first 10 laps, finished fifth in the No. 85 Racing For Our Heros/Loctite Porsche 911 GT3 to equal his career-best. Mike Skeen (Chevrolet Corvette), Johnny O’Connell (Cadillac CTS-V), Justin Marks (Porsche 911 GT3), Tomy Drissi (Porsche 911 GT3) and Bret Curtis (Porsche 911 GT3) completed the top 10 in GT. Cadillac drivers sit one-two in the Championship point standings, with O’Connell on top, with 573, followed by Pilgrim, with 559. Pobst moved to third, with 502, followed by Aschenbach (427) and Sofronas (409), who retired with a mechanical problem on the front straight to bring out the race’s first caution on lap 15. Cadillac also maintained the Manufacturers Championship lead over Porsche 37 to 33, with Volvo closing the gap, with 25, followed by Chevrolet, with eight. Cunningham started from his fourth-consecutive GTS class pole position in the No. 42 Acura/HPD/RealTime Racing Acura TSX, but saw Jack Baldwin’s No. 68 Voodoo Ride-Invoice Prep/Hot Wheels Porsche Cayman S get the jump from the second starting spot. It wasn’t long, though before Cunningham made the Invisible Glass Clean Pass of the Race to put his Acura back up front, a position he held from lap two until the finish to capture the first win of the new V-6 powered Acura in Pirelli World Challenge GTS competition. “I was pleased we had such good speed at the start,” Cunningham said. “We were able to get a good run out of six. We went side-by-side up the hill and we touched a little, but we ended up in the lead there. From there, it was a controlled pace for a while. I could do my laps and still be nice to the tires. Then those two yellows, of course, we’ve been there before so we know what can happen. The first restart was great, and I had a good advantage after the first lap. Of course, then the yellow came out again. After the second restart, Jack was coming and he was doing a great job and pressuring pretty hard and I managed to just stay ahead of him to the checker.” With the win, and coupled with the retirement of pre-race point leader Justin Bell, Cunningham took over the Championship point lead, with 602 to Baldwin’s 552. Bell was running in the top five in his No. 50 eBay Motors Ford Mustang Boss 302S but was involved in a heavy incident coming out of the last corner with Touring Car polesitter Tristan Herbert’s No. 33 HPA/RennGruppe/Brimtek/SG Racing Volkswagen Jetta GLI, which brought out the race’s final caution on lap 21. Neither driver was injured. “When I came around and saw Justin in the wall, that was awful,” Cunningham said. “Justin is a good friend, and you don’t want to get points because the friend was in the wall so that’s a bummer for that team. We’ve had our days, too, so it was a good day points wise for RealTime and Acura and for the drivers points. We’re proud to get these points and carry on now to Detroit.” Cunningham also set a new track record for GTS during the race, with a fastest time of 1:34.137 (85.585 mph). Aaron Povoledo, of Toronto, Canada, finished third in the No. 26 CapaldiRacing.com Ford Mustang Boss 302S, passing the No. 34 Acura/HPD/RealTime Racing Acura TSX of Nick Esayian on the final lap of the race. Andy Lee brought the No. 20 Best IT Chevrolet Camaro home fifth. Lee now sits fourth in GTS points with 502, 24 behind Bell. Michael Galati finished sixth in his Kia Optima and sits fifth in points, with 391. Acura took over the Manufacturers Championship lead, with 32 points to Ford’s 31, Chevrolet’s 20 and Kia’s 13. Touring Car had the biggest shakeup in its race, both from the starting grid and related to the Championship. Herbert started from the pole, but was jumped by the Honda Civics of Compass360 teammates Todd Lamb (No. 71 National Karting News/HPD) and Ryan Winchester (No. 72 Ligon Industries/HPD) at the start. Point leader Michael Cooper, who started fifth in his No. 03 Mazdaspeed Motorsports MAZDASPEED3 had contact off the start and immediately had a flat tire, necessitating a trip to the pit lane, dropping him to last. Lamb led the entire way, but had to deal with a charging Jeff Altenburg, of Ellicott City, Md., in his No. 43 HPA/RennGruppe Brimtek/SG Racing Volkswagen Jetta GLI in the race’s closing laps. Their battle was broken off in the end by a slower GTS car that separated the two and allowed Lamb to open up more of a gap to the checkered flag. “Toward the end, we got a couple of yellows and bunched up the field a little bit,” Lamb said. “I tried to conserve the car for the first part of the race knowing that, toward the end, we’d definitely be getting a yellow and there would be a battle. We’ve struggled against the turbos all season, so we knew they were probably going to conserve tires and come on strong at the end. It was a shame to see Tristan get taken out there, but at the same time we’re here to get some points. I had a pretty good battle with Altenburg there at the end, we raced nice and clean but I definitely had to be defensive and hold him off. It was tough.” It was Lamb’s second Pirelli World Challenge Touring Car win of his rookie season, and the former SCCA Pro Racing Playboy Mazda MX-5 Cup Champion took the point lead over that series’ defending Champion Cooper, 771 to 755. “It was a great points day,” Lamb added. “It’s nice to win races, but we’re here to win the Championship for Honda. A huge step in the right direction today, so we should be close to leading the points.” Altenburg scored his best finish of the year at a track that he has twice won previously. Winchester finished third, his fourth-consecutive podium result, but his car failed post-qualifying technical inspection, promoting Patrick Seguin and his No. 80 Theberge Homes/capsparts.com Volkswagen GTI to third, followed by Shea Holbrook’s No. 67 TrueCar.com Honda Civic Si. Cooper salvaged a fifth-place finish after his pit stop. Seguin was also the Sunoco Hard Charger for most postitions improved throughout the race. Herbert now sits third in points, with 515, followed by Gustavo Michelsen (476) and Winchester (463). Honda leads the Touring Car Manufacturers’ Championship, with 48 points, to Mazda’s 35. Volkswagen is third, with 26. Today’s race will be broadcast Sunday, May 27 at 11 p.m. (EDT) on NBC Sports Network. The series next travels to Detroit for the Cadillac V-Series Challenge at Belle Isle, part of the IZOD IndyCar weekend, June 1-3. Full results and points are available at www.world-challenge.com. Follow World Challenge on Twitter @WCRacing. Follow World Challenge on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/groups/pirelliworldchallenge/.
There's nothing like the real thing. I've got a few tricks up mi sleeve, as I'm sure we all do, for mock doubling, but I hear there are pretty good plugs? EG... Today, the artist just couldn't match up any takes well enough, it's just a rough demo he's after so I would (grudgingly) use a quick fix plugin if it did the job. What job do you want it to do? I double (triple) track because it covers up tuning problems. It used to surprise me how vocalists who couldn't sing in tune nevertheless had no problem coming up with repeat performances that match up almost perfectly. Now I almost take it for granted! But if you've come up against one who's inconsistent, what will mechanical double-tracking achieve other than reinforcing the blemishes?
Uncle the man for Johnson Uncle Jimmy (9/4) profited from the early depature of well-supported favourite, Seabright in the opening contest on Fontwell's National Spirit card. - Related Content Victor Dartnall's charge was bidding for a hat-trick but made an unfortunate departure on the first circuit - leaving the race wide open. The winner, who had already scored at Fontwell over 2m4f looked to be struggling in the closing stages but he had built up enough of a lead to still be five lengths clear of Royal Native at the finish. Three of the five participants looked in with a chance in the Josh Gifford Memorial Novices' Chase but it was Shoegazer (7/4) that was to prevail. David Pipe's charge has been struggling to win in handicaps but he appeared to appreciate this return to novice company to wrestle the prize from Poungach. Time To Think (4/1) was left with what looked to be an unsurmountable lead with the departure of Kind Of Easy at the third last in the totequadpot At totepool.com Handicap Chase. Seamus Mullins' mare began to tire rapidly once left on her own but she exhibited plenty of grit to repel the closing pair of Financial Climate and Meet The Critics. Radetsky March (11/10f) made light work of his opposition in the Foxhunter Trial to score by a heavily eased five lengths. Lava Lamp (10/1) won a handicap off a mark of 125 last year but a series of poor performances saw him plummet to 106 and he made the assessor pay under 10lb conditional, Conor Ring. The bookmakers also got the better of the argument in the closing bumper as the unraced Unowhatimeanharry was a 14/1 boilover from the Helen Nelmes stable.
One of the biggest difficulties of city gardening is the mess of getting started. When you're gardening in pots and containers you need to fill them up, turn the earth, water it and plant seeds or small seedlings. This is hard work, and messy. How do you get those unwieldy bags of potting soil home? What about your three-story walkup? Here are a few tips for the logistics of city gardening. We have muddied our kitchen floor a few times, playing in the dirt, and it's always worth it in the end. But there are a few things that can help you keep the process manageable - even in a small apartment. • Buy smaller bags of dirt - Obvious, yes, but sometimes we get carried away at the garden center and forget that we are going to have to sling those giant bags of dirt around all by ourselves at home. • Take a friend - Go in with a friend on all your container gardening shopping; you can split things that you don't need, and you can keep each other from getting too excited by all the plants you could grow! Sometimes it helps to have a reality check when confronted by eight kinds of tomatoes and five kinds of lavender. • Have a party in the park - Meet up with other friends and a few bags of potting soil in the park or a green public space. You can fill pots and trade plants there, leaving any extra soil behind where it won't be a mess. You'll need a cab and a lot of help to get home, though; those filled pots can be heavy! This works best with small pots of herbs and other houseplants. • Use your bathtub - The tub is the most contained spot in the house for dumping soil, filling pots, and washing them down. Yes, you'll have to clean the tub afterwards (and make sure that no gravel or thick chunks go down the drain) but if you have no outside spot to garden, then this is the best. It keeps all that wonderful yet messy dirt well contained. • Start and end on the same day - One of the best tips we have for keeping gardening manageable is to buy dirt, plants and seeds - and get them all set up right away. The longer that our gardening stuff sits around, the less likely we are to do actually use it. It also takes up a lot of space in a small city apartment. Make your plans so you can buy dirt, fill pots, start seeds, transplant herbs and get everything done that you can in just one day. What other tips do you have for handling the logistics of gardening in the city?
America’s Special Strength description of americas_special_strength goes here. America’s special strength Lies not in frightening the weak And challenging the strong, But in strengthening the weak Illumining the strong. – Sri Chinmoy Excerpt from: Ten Thousand Flower-Flames, Part 2 by Sri Chinmoy, Copyright (c) 1900 by Sri Chinmoy – All rights reserved
11-17-2011 01:29 PM I´m very disappointed at the moment of my new X220. I´ve got very high dpc latency when I´m using the integrated 82579LM Adapter. Sound is stuttering while surfing playing music. With the Wireless 6205 all is fine! What I have already tried: -Windows new install (Lenovo clean install tutorial) -Newest Intel driver for the nic -Newest Lenovo driver for the nic -Set powermanager to max performance All drivers, BIOS, utilities(such as powermanager etc.) and windows are up to date. Solved! Go to Solution. 11-17-2011 08:05 PM 11-18-2011 03:15 AM - edited 11-18-2011 09:18 AM Okay, I tried LatencyMon. Am I right, that the driver ndis.sys and the CPU?! is causing the issue? How can I solve this? 11-18-2011 08:14 PM Try using Intel drivers instead to see if the latency issues could be resolved. I am using Chipset driver from Intel and NIC driver from Lenovo and it's working smoothly. You could try Intel new NIC driver, they may provide some performance improvement, etc. for the newer driver. Does someone’s post help you? Give them kudos as a reward, as they will do better to improve Mark it as solved if the solution works for you, so it could be reference for others in the future Refunded Set: W510, 4876-A11 Current Set: W520, 4284-A99 Dolby Home Theater v4 (ThinkMix V2)! 11-19-2011 03:49 AM 12-01-2011 11:28 PM - edited 12-01-2011 11:31 PM I have the exact same problem. It took me several week to realize that it was the ethernet that was causing the audio stuttering and the high DPC latency. All of my drivers are up to date and I'm on AC power. I've removed the wired NIC drivers in device manager. and see if the windows 7 default drivers work. I need this gigabit ethernet as a do a lot of data transfer between other computers on my lan. Wireless simply isn't an option. As for the jumpy mouse, i believe it's due to poor grounding in your AC adapter (pathetic levovo...) Take a look at this thread It appears the throttling and mouse jumping problem can be solved with a 3rd party power adapter. I my self just ordered this http://www.amazon.com/Anker-Laptop-Adapter-Supply- 12-01-2011 11:42 PM - edited 12-02-2011 12:08 AM 1. Go to device manager 2. Right click on 82579LM Gigabit ethernet and click uninstall. A popup will appear and check "delete drivers" 3. Let the computer uninstall the drivers. 4. Reboot computer 5. With wifi on, let windows automatically install drivers for the gigabit card. Edit: Reinstalling the drivers helped however I'm still getting huge dpc latency spikes when downloading files....This is ridiculous.
- Current Issue SIGN IN to access the Harper’s archive ALERT: Usernames and passwords from the old Harpers.org will no longer work. To create a new password and add or verify your email address, please sign in to customer care and select Email/Password Information. (To learn about the change, please read our FAQ.) Car bombs in Damascus killed more than 50 people in advance of nationwide Internet and telecommunications blackouts, attributed by many to President Bashar al-Assad’s administration, that crippled Syrians’ capacity to self-report on the country’s civil war. Hacker collective Anonymous attacked the websites of Syrian embassies, and the Syrian military relocated chemical-weapons stockpiles, prompting the United States to threaten intervention. In Hillah, Iraq, bombings at a roadside campsite for Shia pilgrims left at least 29 dead, and in Bahrain police fired teargas on protesters condemning Kim Kardashian’s visit to promote a new branch of her milkshake franchise. The United Nations held a day of solidarity with Palestinians, on which its general assembly voted 138–9 to recognize the state of Palestine. In response, Israel announced that it would build 3,000 new homes in East Jerusalem and the West Bank, and would withhold more than $100 million in tax revenue raised for the Palestinian government, dealing what U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon called an “almost fatal blow” to the prospect of peace. The U.S. Navy was planning to reduce its reliance on dolphin labor, and an international coalition of researchers concluded that more than 4 trillion tons of ice in Greenland and Antarctica have melted in the past twenty years, causing the world’s sea level to rise by 11 millimeters. Iceland exported over two tons of ram penis to China, and North Korea’s state news agency reported the discovery of a unicorn lair in Pyongyang. President Barack Obama introduced a proposal to prevent the United States from falling over the “fiscal cliff.” The plan, which includes such measures as higher tax rates on wealthy citizens and a $400-billion cut to federal health programs, caused Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) to burst into laughter. “Right now, I would say we’re nowhere, period,” said House Speaker John Boehner (R., Ohio), outside whose office nude activists protested potential cuts to HIV programs. “I think it’s important Congress acts now, I mean right now,” said Vice President Joe Biden at the opening day of the first Costco in Washington, D.C. “I’m looking for pies.” Obama and Mitt Romney met for the first time since the U.S. presidential election, over a luncheon of turkey chili at the White House. eBay pulled a listing for Obama in Pee Pee, an artwork by conservative television host Glenn Beck that features a bobblehead of the president purportedly submerged in Beck’s urine, and Bill Clinton disclosed that during his presidency he sent only two emails, one to troops in the Balkans and the other in response to a message sent from space by astronaut John Glenn. “We have gone almost a third of the way around the world in the time it has taken me to write this letter,” wrote Glenn. “The rest of the crew is waiting.” Scientists determined that lying increases the temperature of one’s nose, that having a lot of Facebook friends leads to anxiety, and that hyperparasitic wasps, which lay eggs in parasitic wasps that lay eggs in caterpillars, are sometimes parasitized by other hyperparasitic wasps. Germany moved to criminalize sex with animals, leading zoophilia lobbyist Michael Kiok, who lives with an Alsatian named Cessie, to threaten legal action. “We see animals as partners and not as a means of gratification,” said Kiok. “We don’t force them to do anything.” A Florida woman was arrested after she assaulted her boyfriend for climaxing first. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge[*] announced that they were expecting a royal baby, and a lexicographer published arguments that Robert Burchfield, a former Oxford English Dictionary editor popularly credited with overcoming the dictionary’s Anglocentrism during the 1970s and 1980s, had actually expunged thousands of English words with foreign origins. “If a word gets into the OED, it never leaves,” said the lexicographer. “If it becomes obsolete, we put a dagger beside it, but it never leaves.” The Associated Press eliminated homophobia from its stylebook, and four gay men filed suit against JONAH, a Jewish conversion-therapy office in Jersey City, New Jersey, for defrauding them of thousands of dollars spent on such allegedly curative techniques as visiting bathhouses and beating effigies of their mothers with a tennis racket. “Our therapy,” said JONAH’s co-director, “is very conventional.” Dear Harper’s Magazine, I am a fervent subscriber (if there can be such a thing) to your excellent magazine: we have nothing equivalent in England, and I am very grateful to you for being so challenging and thought-provoking. However, the English pedant in me is reeling at your otherwise excellent Harper’s Weekly in which you announce that “Prince WIlliam and Princess Kate” are having a baby. Yikes! They’re the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. She’s not Princess Kate, as she’s not a princess in her own right; she’s Princess William of Wales, otherwise known as the Duchess of Cambridge, until the Prince of Wales dies, when she’ll be the Princess of Wales, and not Kate, Princess of Wales. Sigh. I know I am fighting a long and hopeless battle. Even British journalists can’t get it right these days. Yours sincerely, and with much admiration for your continued superlative magazinistic efforts, More from Justin Stone: Years of consideration preceding the inclusion of the word “phat” in Random House’s 1996 Compact Unabridged Dictionary: Scientists created crash helmets that stink when cracked and fruit flies to whom blue light smells delicious. In Belize, a construction company bulldozed a 2,300-year-old Mayan temple to make road fill. Subscribe to the Weekly Review newsletter. Don’t worry, we won’t sell your email address! “This is the heart of the magic factory, the place where medicine is infused with the miracles of science, and I’ve come to see how it’s done.”
Thin Wall Injection Moulding Price ($): 150.14 Price (€): 116.94 Add To Cart The 'Thin Wall Injection Moulding' Published Search from the Rapra Polymer Library provides a comprehensive review of the most current literature available on this topic. Produced from the Polymer Library database - the leading source of information on polymers - this Published Search features around 300 references brought together in one convenient PDF file and includes an abstract summary of each article along with its citation, plus indexed key terms, authors, companies and trade names. Each published search is produced on demand, ensuring that it is as up-to-date as possible. The Rapra Polymer Library is the world's most comprehensive source dedicated to rubber and plastics literature. It contains around a million summaries of journal articles, conference papers, reports, brochures and books relevant to the rubber and plastics industries, with hundreds of new abstracts being added every fortnight. Full copies of almost every document detailed in the search are available for purchase from our fast, efficient document delivery service. This is just one of over 150 subjects available as a published search. For a complete listing please click here. To see the format of a published search please click here to view a sample with limited records. - Rapra Published Search Number 150
D.C. police are investigating the death of a woman found during a fire in Southeast D.C. About 1:35 a.m. Wednesday, police and fire and emergency medical services personnel went to an apartment building on the 1600 block of 17th Street SE. While firefighters were putting out the blaze, they found 71-year-old Mildred Maria Harrison lying on the floor of an apartment, police said. Harrison had no signs consistent with life and was pronounced dead at the medical examiner's office. Police said that her cause of death is pending an autopsy.
Arts & Entertainment Illinois showcases vibrant art collections and powerful performances at venues all over campus. Under the Stars: Krannert Center's outdoor amphitheatre has live performances each year on opening night. For top performances nothing beats Krannert Center for the Performing Arts, which boasts four indoor theatres and an outdoor amphitheatre. Krannert is host to over 300 events every year featuring both student and professional casts. Great discounts are available for Illinois students. - Notable performances include Yo-Yo Ma, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Russian National Ballet, London Symphony Orchestra, Dee Dee Bridgewater, and Clark Terry - Krannert hosts the biennial Ellnora Guitar Festival featuring artists such as Los Lobos, Buddy Guy, and Taj Mahal - Krannert sponsors the Pygmalion Music Festival every September, highlighting indie rock bands Art Galleries and Museums Student Shows: The Illini Union Art Gallery occasionally showcases student art, like the Hip Hop art show shown here. The Krannert Art Museum, which sits adjacent to the School of Art and Design, boasts an archive of over 8,000 works and houses rotating exhibits of traditional and innovative art. The museum's permanent holdings include the Trees Collection of European and American Painting, the Moore Collection of European and American Decorative Arts, the Olsen Collection of pre-Columbian Art, and smaller collections of 20th-century art, Asian art, and African art. Each spring the museum hosts group BFA and MFA exhibitions, as well as a group faculty exhibition. Between the entrance of the School of Art and Design and the Krannert Art Museum lies the Link Gallery, a space stretching 100 feet and enclosed by walls of glass windows. The Link Gallery is dedicated to the exhibition of student work year round. Other galleries/museums include the Art Coalition Gallery in the basement of the Art and Design building, Japan House, Spurlock Museum, and the Illini Union Art Gallery. Concerts and Performances Something for Everyone: A diverse selection of concerts and performances are available on campus and around Champaign-Urbana. The Assembly Hall Concert Series has recently brought in the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Dane Cook, Rascal Flatts, Wiz Khalifa, Jason Aldean, 30 Seconds to Mars, and other artists and comedians. In addition, shows such as Cirque du Soleil and the annual Broadway Series grace the stage. Head to Canopy Club to catch local and national bands. Previous headliners have included Third Eye Blind, Plain White T’s, Girl Talk, Rusted Root, and Explosions in the Sky. Try your hand behind the scenes through the student-run concert production group Star Course, which brings acts like Ben Folds, Bright Eyes, Sara Bareilles, and Spoon to Foellinger Auditorium.
Data Mining Community's Top Resource for Data Mining and Analytics Software, Jobs, Consulting, Courses, and more Analytics 2011 Conference, Oct 24-25 30% discount for KDnuggets subscribers. Find the latest trends at Analytics 2011. The agenda is now available. Analytics 2011 Conference Oct. 24-25, Orlando, FL Looking for the latest trends in analytics? Analytics 2011 has them. The agenda is now available! Check out the up-to-date list of speakers and abstracts. Session topics include data mining, forecasting, fraud detection, text mining, data visualization, predictive modeling and more. Join hundreds of attendees for two days of insightful sessions on the latest techniques and research in the field of analytics. Conference Highlights include: As a KDnuggets News subscriber, you are eligible for a on conference fees. Simply enter promo code ACKD into the promo code field in step 5 on the - Two keynote speakers - 10 featured presentations - 40 breakout sessions - Hands-on training - SAS® certification exams - Networking reception - Roundtable discussions See also → Webcasts and Webinars Copyright © 2011 KDnuggets. | SUBSCRIBE to KDnuggets News email |
Post Number: 5136 |Posted on Saturday, February 16, 2008 - 3:42 pm: | It might be hard to tell on your monitor, but this is a gorgeous Redwood Burl top. Post Number: 6233 |Posted on Saturday, February 16, 2008 - 9:15 pm: | Post Number: 1646 |Posted on Sunday, February 17, 2008 - 4:29 am: | Can't wait to see this one progressing. I don't think there can be many burl redwood Alembics out there. (Message edited by jacko on February 18, 2008) Post Number: 291 |Posted on Sunday, February 17, 2008 - 8:14 am: | Burl Redwood is just stunning! Congratulations Loren. Play it Healthy! Art
New patch adds maps and units for endless fun Slitherine has just release a new patch for it’s recently released hit Battlefield Academy. The patch is available through the in-game auto updater and contains a host of new maps and units, which take the game to the next level. Iain McNeil, development director of Slitherine, said: ‘We are committed to supporting Battlefield Academy over the long term as we definitely feel the game deserves a lot of attention. We are willing to make this game an evolving project, with the contribution of the community. That is why we already started including suggestions from the players in this patch and we will keep doing this in the future”. + 4 new multiplayer maps with unique objectives Road to Caen Canadians attack a German position. 5 Victory points. Canadians must capture enough to win before 16 turns. D-Day + 3 British forces attack a German held town. British must capture VP's before the 20 turn time limit expires. Race for the Town The Ardennes, US and German forces . The side with the most VP's by the end of the 20 turn time limit wins. German & Italian forces attack a British position. The Axis must capture VP's before the 20 turn time limit expires. + 6 new units Greyhound (created by Tim Catherall) + tweaked the reaction fire scripting to be more proactive. + you can now play missions without having to complete all prior missions. + fixed bug where you could save and exit MP during the replay, causing all kinds of problems including side swapping and crashes. + fixed a bug where you could TAB through enemy forces. + added patch notes display to allow us to show what is new. + can now only save a game when in battle. + fixed bug where you couldn't rename existing saves. + new map dialog now sets sizes to the current map size. + fixed multiple bugs when trying to load or overload effect animation files. + fixed bug with fogging when shadows off + fixed a bug where some lists weren't being clipped correctly after the text driver crash fix. Inspired by an original online game concept devised by the BBC © BBC 2004
Principal Proposed Natural Treatments Who among us has never had a nosebleed? Whether a dab of blood on a tissue or a terrifying flood, a nosebleed can arise from many causes: dry winter air, colds, injuries, or the common if unsavory habit of picking one's nose. In many cases, no cause can be identified with certainty. Sometimes nosebleeds arise more frequently because of faulty or weak collagen , a strengthening protein present in blood vessel walls and the surrounding connective tissue. Collagen problems may lead to nosebleeds in people who take corticosteroids and those with a condition called "fragile capillaries." Corticosteroids, including nasal steroids used for allergies, can thin the collagen in the mucous membranes lining the nose. In fragile capillaries, weak or defective collagen in blood vessel walls may contribute to bleeding. People with such collagen problems may have problems with bleeding gums, heavy menstrual periods, and bruising in addition to nosebleeds. Rarely, the cause of nosebleeds and other bleeding lies in the blood itself. Anything that reduces blood clotting may lead to nosebleeds. Drugs such as warfarin (Coumadin) or heparin , or regular use of aspirin, decrease the blood's tendency to clot. Caution : if you are taking such medications and begin to experience nosebleeds, talk to your doctor. Even natural substances such as ginkgo , policosanol , high-dose vitamin E , and garlic may increase the tendency to bleed. Conventional treatments for nosebleeds include various maneuvers for stopping acute bleeding, followed by the diagnosis and treatment of any underlying problems. Sometimes a physician can prevent future nosebleeds by cauterizing the blood vessel responsible. Principal Proposed Natural Treatments for Nosebleeds One supplement that may help prevent nosebleeds is citrus bioflavonoids. Bioflavonoids (or flavonoids) are plant substances that bring color to many fruits and vegetables. Citrus fruits are a rich source of bioflavonoids, including disomin, hesperidin, rutin, and naringen. For more information, including dosage and safety issues, see the full citrus bioflavonoids article. Other Proposed Natural Treatments for Nosebleeds Related chemicals called anthocyanosides are present in high concentrations in the herb bilberry . Like OPCs, anthocyanosides may strengthen capillaries through their effects on collagen. Proteolytic enzymes (such as bromelain ) are also thought to possibly help stabilize capillaries. However, no studies have directly addressed the potential value of either of these treatments for nosebleeds. Vitamin C is vital for the development of normal collagen. People with scurvy (severe vitamin C deficiency) may bleed easily from the nose, as well as developing spontaneous bruises and other bleeding symptoms. However, there is no evidence as yet that vitamin C supplementation helps to decrease nosebleeds in the absence of true scurvy, a condition that is rare today. The herb shepherd's purse ( Capsella bursae pastoris ) has been traditionally used as a topical application to control nosebleeds, although scientific evidence of its effectiveness is lacking. The herb should not be used during pregnancy because it is thought to stimulate uterine contractions. - Reviewer: EBSCO CAM Review Board - Review Date: 09/2014 - - Update Date: 09/18/2014 -
Anna Karenina (2012) Anna Karenina SynopsisThe third collaboration of Academy Award nominee Keira Knightley with director Joe Wright, following the award-winning box office successes Pride & Prejudice and Atonement, is the epic love story Anna Karenina, adapted from Leo Tolstoy’s classic novel by Academy Award winner Tom Stoppard (Shakespeare in Love). The story unfolds in its original late-19th-century Russia high-society setting and powerfully explores the capacity for love that surges through the human heart, from the passion between adulterers to the bond between a mother and her children. As Anna (Ms. Knightley) questions her happiness, change comes to her family, friends, and community. Anna Karenina Release Date In Theaters November 16, 2012 Anna Karenina Credits Starring: Keira Knightley, Aaron Johnson, Jude Law, Matthew Macfadyen, Domhnall Gleeson, Alicia Vikander, Kelly Macdonald, Ruth Wilson, Olivia Williams, and Emily Watson Written by: Tom Stoppard Directed by: Joe Wright Produced by: Tim Bevan, Alexander Dostal, Alexandra Ferguson MPAA Rating: [ R ] Distributor: Focus Features Subscribe To Anna Karenina Updates if you're excited for Anna Karenina This Week In Home Entertainment: Argo & Anna Karenina, Plus Things Get Sinister There’s a lot of imagination in this week’s best releases. From a ghastly creature haunting old visual mediums to reenvisioned historical moments, and world and their wars built entirely for the small screen, this week in home entertainment offers a little something for everyone, even if that something is watching scantily dressed teens try to find a younger sibling in a haunted house. by Jessica Rawden February 19, 2013 comments Skyfall, Lincoln And More Nominated By The American Society Of Cinematographers Skyfall may be seen by some as just another silly blockbuster action movie, but the truth is that it really was one of the most beautiful films to be released in 2012, the Shanghai sequence alone deserving tons of recognition. But do you think that he deserves the top prize from the ASC? by Eric Eisenberg January 9, 2013 comments The Top 10 Movies Of 2012: Kristy's List Creating this list has filled me with a dizzying amount of joy and dread. Really, 2012 was a year that offered so many examples of daring and thrilling cinema that it was difficult to even determine what the criteria should be for a list of my personal ten favorites. In the end, I went with my gut, selecting those films that not only hit me hard in the theater, but also lingered with me for days, weeks, or months afterwards, and which I can still vividly recall. by Kristy Puchko December 19, 2012 comments The Top 10 Movies Of 2012: Katey's List 2012 was a really, really hard year to sum up in list form, and a top 20 would really be more appropriate to reflect the astonishing variety of blockbusters, out-of-nowhere successes and totally tiny arthouse stuff that grabbed me this year. A lot of these movies snuck up on me, only revealing their brilliance long after I'd written a review or thought I'd forgotten about it. Plenty of those not on this list did the opposite, making an amazing first impression and fading so quickly by Katey Rich December 17, 2012 comments Joe Wright And Keira Knightley Talk Collaboration In Anna Karenina Featurette With the cast and crew gushing so profusely about how terrific Knightley's performance is and how deep her devotion to the role was, it seems this featurette is meant as a kind of "For Your Consideration" ad. It's a relief to see Focus Features making such a push, since—despite all its grace, grandeur and great performances—this film appears to be getting lost in the shuffle with so many hotly anticipated titles nearing release. by Kristy Puchko December 3, 2012 comments Domnhall Gleeson Goes From Holding A Wand In The Background Of Harry Potter To Anna Karenina's Romantic Lead For a while Domhnall Gleeson didn't think he'd become an actor. As the son of famed Irish actor Brendan Gleeson, he had every young person's urge to separate himself from his parents-- even as it became clear to him that acting was what he wanted to do anyway. by Katey Rich November 21, 2012 comments Jude Law On The Difference Between The Theater And The World Of Anna Karenina It’s never easy playing the third wheel in a love triangle, particularly when it’s your wife who wants to leave you for another man. Couple this with the fact that Karenin (Jude Law) is a well-respected and very public figure in Russia’s aristocracy – and his crumbling marriage is being played out on a national stage – and you can understand why Anna Karenina is such a challenge by Sean O'Connell November 19, 2012 comments 5 Oscar Hopefuls You Should Catch Up With Over The Holiday This time of year you're probably overwhelmed figuring out your holiday plans and making a list of everyone you need to give presents, but there's another list you probably have in mind as a movie buff: the Oscar nominations. No, the nominees won't be announced until January 10, but now is the time to start catching up on the names that will probably be read that day by CB Staff November 19, 2012 comments Keira Knightley Explains Why You Shouldn't Be Intimidated By Anna Karenina The conversation, according to Keira Knightley, started on the set of by Sean O'Connell November 19, 2012 comments Aaron Taylor Johnson Talks Anna Karenina's Heightened Style If Anna Karenina was a by-the-numbers, Garry Marshall-directed romantic comedy, we’d actively root for Anna (Keira Knightley) to buck the odds and be with her true love, Count Vronsky (Aaron Taylor-Johnson). But this isn’t Hollywood fluff. It’s classic Russian literature – Tolstoy, to be specific. Anna is a married Russian socialite, and Vronsky her forbidden fruit by Sean O'Connell November 16, 2012 comments Operation Kino 89: Swooning For Anna Karenina, And The New Short The Sleepover This week on Operation Kino, we're embarking on a pretty ill-fated affair, as we review Joe Wright's gorgeous new movie Anna Karenina. From there we bring you the newest installment of OpKino Indie, in which Da7e chats with Chris Cullari, Jennifer Raite and Carolyn Jania, the team behind the new short film "The Sleepover," by Operation Kino November 16, 2012 comments Director Joe Wright On Regaining His Confidence To Make A Bold Anna Karenina Now we have Anna Karenina, which might be the umpteenth adaptation of the Tolstoy classic but which stands very much on its own, partly because of Wright's bold decision to set most of the film inside a dilapidated theater, where bedrooms are tucked in among the rafters and horses can trot among the audience seats by Katey Rich November 13, 2012 comments Oscar Eye: Lincoln Holds Strong, Jennifer Lawrence Moves Up, And More Developments Between Election Day and a nasty fever that suddenly took over my life, I didn't have it in me last Tuesday-- and I got the feeling you guys had other things on your mind as well. Plus, what we're talking about this week is the same thing we would have been talking about last week: Lincoln and Skyfall, and the handful of mysteries still waiting for us down the line by Katey Rich November 13, 2012 comments Now Streaming: Netflix Instant Alternatives To Lincoln, Anna Karenina & Breaking Dawn - Part 2 This week, inspired by Lincoln, Anna Karenina, and Breaking Dawn – Part 2, for inspiration, we offer a selection of historical dramas, steamy costume dramas, and supernatural romances. by Kristy Puchko November 11, 2012 comments Joe Wright Considering A Harry Houdini Biopic As for Houdini, his biopic almost landed in the hands of The Hunger Games director Gary Ross. And his life story is informing a Broadway musical backed by Aaron Sorkin and Hugh Jackman. But the escape artist really deserves his own movie, and in my opinion, Wright would be a tremendous choice to take over the project. by Sean O'Connell October 12, 2012 comments Oscar Eye: Argo Prepares To Emerge As A Frontrunner, While Lincoln Surprises New York This week marks the wide release of one of the very big Best Picture contenders, Ben Affleck's Argo, but through sheer chance I've managed to catch up with four major Oscar movies in the last week. Argo is among them, so we'll start there, but there's plenty else to go over, even if the rest of these movies won't emerge in theaters for a few weeks yet. Exciting times to be a moviegoer! by Katey Rich October 9, 2012 comments Anna Karenina Posters Put Different Forms Of Love On Display This is such a smart campaign, because audiences need to be informed that Karenina -- despite being based on centuries-old Russian literature – is a passionate piece of filmmaking that crackles with creative energies, lustful performances, emotional heat and palpable tragedy. Don’t mistake this for another dry costume drama. by Sean O'Connell October 8, 2012 comments Toronto Film Festival Wrap-Up: The Good, The Bad, And The Best Oscar Bets The Toronto Film Festival technically doesn't wrap up until Sunday, when award winners will be announced (including the usually important Audience Award) and the crowds will recede from downtown Toronto for another year. But Team Cinema Blend has already left the premises, with dozens of movies and a handful interviews under our belts by Katey Rich and Sean O'Connell September 14, 2012 comments Anna Karenina: The Best Film Of TIFF 2012 So Far The heavy hitters emerged at the Toronto International Film Festival on Friday, as audiences got their first look at films that would make any cinema junkie drool. Paul Thomas Anderson’s The Master, Joe Wright’s Anna Karenina, Ben Affleck’s Argo and Noah Baumbach’s Frances Ha all played north of the border to packed houses … and we were there for as much of it as we could absorb. by Sean O'Connell September 8, 2012 comments Keira Knightley, Jude Law In Anna Karenina Character Posters Russian literature might not float your boat, but we remain excited for Karenina because of Wright’s previous collaborations with lithe, beautiful leading lady Keira Knightley. They reinvented Jane Austen’s Pride & Prejudice, then found heat in a steamy pre-war affair on the wrenching Atonement. by Sean O'Connell September 3, 2012 comments Anna Karenina Featurette Shows Off More Theatricality And Glitz It's still hard to know exactly how it will work out, but today we get another glimpse at the film and, once again, it's cramming with arresting visuals and some intriguing looking performance. The clip also has a lot of Keira Knightley and Wright talking about the idea behind the film's melodramatic style. Take a look below by Katey Rich July 30, 2012 comments Joe Wright's Anna Karenina Shows Breathtaking Ambition In Six-Minute Clip Wright has become cheered for his incredible and complicated long takes, like the beach scene in Atonement and the underground fight scene in Hanna. But now his love of this elegant but hard-earned fluidity has informed the entire construction of his Anna Karenina, an epic breathtaking in its ambition. by Kristy Puchko July 23, 2012 comments Anna Karenina Steals Great Gatsby's Thunder With Glamorous Poster And Trailer Between Baz Luhrmann's Great Gatsby and Joe Wright's Anna Karenina, moviegoers will be spoiled for choice this winter, when it comes to luxurious adaptations of novels that explore ill-fated love in high society. Focus Features has previously unveiled a striking string of first look images for Anna that revealed an almost unrecognizable Jude Law, a stunningly regal Keira Knightley, and a mustachioed—yet dapper—Aaron Johnson. by Kristy Puchko June 20, 2012 comments Robocop Sets August 2013 Release, Anna Karenina Coming This Oscar Season It's hard to think of anything that really connects the upcoming Robocop remake and the upcoming Anna Karenina adaptation, so let's just get down to facts. Recent schedule updates at Box Office Mojo have finally assigned release dates for both films; by Katey Rich March 13, 2012 comments Keira Knightley Dances In First Look At Joe Wright's Anna Karenina In 2007 director Joe Wright made a huge splash when he directed Atonement, a period drama starring Keira Knightley, Saoirse Ronan and James McAvoy. The film was a huge hit, both with audiences and critics, and it ended up earning seven Academy Award nominations (and it won for Best Original Score). Wright's last two films, The Soloist and Hanna, were both a step away from what we have typically seen from the director by Eric Eisenberg February 24, 2012 comments Exclusive: James McAvoy Still Unsure On Anna Karenina, Talks Welcome To The Punch Wright has been very vocal about wanting McAvoy for the film, but it's been unclear if McAvoy's schedule would cooperate; based on what he told me it seems that's still very much up in the air. by Katey Rich April 13, 2011 comments Benedict Cumberbatch And Kelly Macdonald Join Joe Wright's Stunning Anna Karenina Cast Cumberbatch actually makes this even more of an Atonement reunion, having played the actual rapist who goes off scot free when Ronan's character Briony accuses McAvoy instead. The British actor has been working steadily for years in all kinds of films you might recognize him in by Katey Rich April 7, 2011 comments James McAvoy And Saoirse Ronan May Also Join Joe Wright's Anna Karenina Though Hanna, a modern-day action thriller with strong fairy tale elements, is a bit of a departure from the polished period world of Atonement, Anna Karenina gets Wright back to what he established early as his wheelhouse. It's a classic story that's building a phenomenal cast by Katey Rich April 2, 2011 comments Jude Law Might Join Knightley, Johnson In Anna Karenina It's still a little unclear which role he might potentially be attached to in the eight part novel. There's Anna husband, twenty years her senior, which might work considering Law is thirteen years older than Knightley by Mack Rawden March 19, 2011 comments Kick-Ass Aaron Johnson Considering Tolstoy And New Oliver Stone Flick If he chooses both of these projects, studios should start getting a pretty fair handle on Aaron Johnson’s bankability. All the acting talent in the world doesn’t make you a leading man by Mack Rawden March 17, 2011 comments Joe Wright Hints That Keira Knightley Will Still Star In His Anna Karenina Though Wright says he's "not sure yet" who the star will be, he also admits "it's fairly obvious" and "I'm loyal to my actors," and is only holding back because "she hasn't signed on the dotted line." by Katey Rich March 2, 2011 comments Around The Web
Short Dressesfrom £39 FURTHER REDUCTIONSShop All Sale Jackets & Coatsfrom £35 Our New In pieces are perfect to keep your wardrobe refreshed. Find a look you love in our latest lookbooks. Join the party on social media and get the lowdown on all things dressing up with our exclusive etiquette guides.
| ||Reviews Written By This User|| | List of All Reviews Written By Antonio Davila from Monterrey, Mexico: version 5 rocks! Written by Antonio Davila from Monterrey, Mexico (Tuesday, April 25, 2006) Writer is with: http://www.databolt.com ||Listing Reviewed: ASPMaker Strengths: Very easy to use Details: I have built my entire system design empire using aspmaker, its a must! Review Based On: 36 Month(s) of usage
Import tolerances (Maximum Residue Levels or MRLs) for Bayer CropScience’s Movento and Ultor insecticides have been established on certain commodities intended for export to Japan, effective immediately. The recent announcement by Japan’s Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare establishes MRLs for spirotetramat, the active ingredient in the Movento and Ultor brand insecticides. The regulatory approval and establishment of MRLs followed a comprehensive safety review by Japanese regulatory officials. “We are thrilled that Japan has established the MRLs for commodities treated with Movento and Ultor,” says Kevin Adam, product manager for Bayer CropScience. “Japan was the last major export market to give their go-ahead. This is tremendous news for growers of grapes, citrus and other label-approved crops who want to incorporate Movento and Ultor treatments into their integrated pest management programs on their crops bound for Japan.” Movento and Ultor had already earned regulatory approval from the U.S., EU, Codex, Canada and Mexico with the establishment of MRLs by regional and national authorities there. A comprehensive list of established Maximum Residue Levels (MRL) can be found here. On October 15, 2010, Movento and Ultor received registration from the EPA for a second time, giving U.S. growers back a sorely missed tool for the management of their toughest pests. Crops listed on the product container labels for Movento and Ultor remain the same as under the prior registration, and include grapes, citrus, lettuce and apples, among others. For a complete list of approved crops, please refer to the most current product label. Growers have come to depend on Movento and Ultor to protect their crops against a broad spectrum of damaging sucking insects such as aphids, mealybugs, scales and many others. The efficacy demonstrated by Movento and Ultor is based on its two-way transport within the plant. After application, Movento and Ultor move upward and downward through the plant tissue, ensuring even and continuous distribution and better overall protection of young shoots, leaves and roots. Movento and Ultor target sucking pests specifically, and have minimal impact on beneficial insects which makes them a good choice for use in an Integrated Pest Management Program.
|Series :||Enterprise||Rating :| |Disc No :||1.1||Episode :||3| |First Aired :||3 Oct 2001||Stardate :||6-May-51| |Director :||Allan Kroeker||Year :||2151| |Writers :||Brannon Braga, Rick Berman||Season :||1| |Guest Cast :|| |YATI :||The aliens modus operandi seems a little strange in this episode. If they wanted to collect triglobulin from the bodies, why leave them behind on the ship at all? Surely it would make more sense to take them with you, precisely to avoid having somebody stumble across them and interfere, as Archer does in this episode. Also, when Archer asks Hoshi if she transmitted his message on a rotated frequency, she says she will "try it again". But she only waits a grand total of four seconds before reporting no response. Archer's message was much longer than that, so Hoshi apparently gave up after the first couple of sentances.| |Great Moment :||Enterprise hitting it's first target.| |Body Count :||Fifteen on the Axanar ship, plus an unknown number on the "space vampire" ship.| |Factoid :||The Axanar species seen here have been mentioned before - in TOS, Captain Garth won a great victory at Axanar.| Reed, meanwhile, is struggling to get the ship's spatial torpedo systems fully functional. Archer agrees to drop out of warp for a little target practice, but it does not go well - the torpedo bounces off the asteroid they are aiming at and careens back towards Enterprise, causing more frustration. Indeed the only person who seems to be having a good time in Phlox, who is fascinated by the behaviour of the crew. Eventually, they chance upon an alien spacecraft sitting in space. There are biosigns aboard, but attempts to contact the ship fail. T'Pol suggests ignoring it, reasoning that the aliens must not want contact, but Archer insists on stopping to investigate. He leads a boarding party to the ship, including Hoshi even though she complains that the environmental suits make her feel claustrophobic. Once aboard, they make a horrific discovery - the crew are all dead, hung up on hooks and connected to some sort of device that seems to be draining fluid from them. T'Pol suggests abandoning the ship, reasoning that the crew are beyond any help. Archer reluctantly agrees and continues on course. Hoshi feels guilty about her performance on the ship, pointing out to Phlox that she "screamed like a twelve-year-old" on seeing the alien bodies, something nobody else did. Phlox wonders if perhaps she would be better off going back to Earth, though Hoshi is reluctant to do something so drastic. Archer is also having second thoughts, wondering if leaving the alien bodies in the ship was the right thing to do. He feels like they turned tail and ran when the right thing to do was stay and get involved. Although T'Pol argues that doing so would be against the code of behaviour the Vulcans have, Archer points out that Humans also have a code of behaviour - one he broke. He orders Enterprise back to the alien ship. They return tot he alien ship and check it over more carefully. Hoshi is able to work out a way to send a distress call in the alien language whilst Phlox investigates what is being done to the alien bodies. He finds that whoever conducted the massacre was apparently trying to collect a substance called triglobulin from them. As they investigate, a powerful alien vessel arrives and attacks. It disables the Enterprise's engines, brushing aside their attempts to stop it. T'Pol scans it and finds that the power signature matches the devices draining the bodies on the ship they have been investigating. It seems the perpetrators of the massacre have returned. As the ship approaches, another vessel drops out of warp - this one matching the technology of the first ship they encountered. The newcomer communicates with Enterprise but seems to be angry - Hoshi thinks that the Captain is blaming them for the attack on his comrades, rather than the real culprit. Hoshi tries to talk to him but her translation program won't work, and the attempt only leads to more anger and confusion. Her confidence is shaken but Archer insists that she disregard the computer translations and try to talk directly to the alien Captain. She does, overcoming her doubt and convincing him to scan the alien ship and compare the power signature of the alien equipment to the attacking vessel - proof that it rather than Enterprise is the aggressor. Both the alien ship and Enterprise attack the "Space Vampire" ship, and their combined attack destroys it. The ship remains in the area for while, making a friendly First Contact with the aliens - a species called the Axanar. Afterwards they continue on course, making a small detour to find a suitable planet to drop Sluggo off in a new home. These are meant to be the brave and bold pioneer days of Humanity. Surely it would have been better to depict them as being overly brash and confident, as being the kind of people who go out determined to kick over all the anthills and stick their noses in where they shouldn't - only to learn over time that a bit of discretion now and again is the way to go. The Space Vampires are also kind of silly. Their MO is absurd - they disable a ship and attack it, fair enough. They kill the crew, fair enough. But why leave them aboard their own ship and just go away? The Vampire ship is pretty big, surely it has more than enough space to hang the bodies up somwhere and do your thing to them. Then you can just continue on your way to look for your next victims, no need to tie yourself down to coming back to the scene of the crime, so to speak. It's a stupid way to do things, and it's only like that so that they can spin out the story they want with Enterprise being blamed in a showdown finale. |Copyright Graham Kennedy||Page views : 6,755||Last updated : 12 Apr 2013|
If you're wondering what the most promiscuous cities in Canada are, SeekingArrangement.com brings you closer to the answer. The dating website conducted a study to find which cities in Canada boast the most promiscuous (and wealthy) men. The city to top the list was Victoria (maybe the beautiful landscape had something to do with it), followed closely by the nation's capital Ottawa and Alberta's very own capital Edmonton. Story continues below.. Cities are ranked based on the percentage of 'Sugar Daddies' who reported having more than seven sexual partners per year, according to a release by SeekingArrangement.com. But wait... there's more. Guess which cities made it to the bottom of the list? The least promiscuous perhaps? You may be very surprised by the answers.Drum roll please.. the Canadian cities with the least promiscuous men are:
Imagine a human spacecraft crew voyaging through space. A satellite sends a warning; energetic particles are being accelerated from the sun's corona, sending dangerous radiation toward their spacecraft, but the crew isn't worried. Long before their journey, researchers on Earth conducted experiments to accurately measure the hazards of space radiation and developed new materials and countermeasures to protect them. To ensure the safety of spacecraft crews, NASA biologists and physicists will perform thousands of experiments at the new $34 million NASA Space Radiation Laboratory (NSRL) commissioned today at the Department of Energy's (DOE) Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton, N.Y. The laboratory, built in cooperation between NASA and DOE, is one of the few facilities that can simulate the harsh space radiation environment. "Scientists will use this facility as a research tool to protect today's crews on the International Space Station and to enable the next generation of explorers to safely go beyond Earth's protected neighborhood," said Guy Fogleman, director of the Bioastronautics Research Division, Office of Biological and Physical Research (OBPR), at NASA Headquarters in Washington. Space radiation produced by the sun and other galactic sources is more dangerous and hundreds of times more intense than radiation sources, such as medical X-rays or normal cosmic radiation, usually experienced on Earth. When the intensely ionizing particles found in space strike human tissue, it can result in cell damage and may eventually lead to cancer. Approximately 80 investigators will conduct research annually at the new facility. "The NSRL will enable us to triple the ability of researchers to perform radiobiology experiments and the resulting science knowledge," said Frank Cucinotta, the program scientist for NASA's Space Radiation Health Project at Johnson Space Center, Houston. "Scientists at universities and medical centers across the nation will use the facility to investigate how space radiation damages cells and tissues such as the eyes, brain and internal organs," he said. For each experiment, an accelerator produces beams of protons or heavy ions. These ions are typical of those accelerated in cosmic sources and by the sun. The beams of ions move through a 328-foot transport tunnel to the 400-square-foot, shielded target hall. There, they hit the target, which may be a biological sample or shielding material. "Physicists will measure how specific particles interact with shielding material, " said James Adams, the program scientist for the Space Radiation Shielding Program at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. "We can use this knowledge to improve our ability to predict the effectiveness of various materials and to develop and test new materials." At NSRL, the radiation health team will perform extensive tests with biological samples placed in the path of the radiation. They will use the information to understand mechanisms of radiation damage to cells, predict risks, and develop countermeasures that mitigate radiation effects. "Advances in radiation detection, shielding and other radiation-mitigation techniques may be applied to workers in space and on Earth and may lead to improved use of radiation to treat disease on Earth and prevent radiation-induced illnesses," Fogleman said. Since the 1970s, NASA has been using particle accelerators to understand and mitigate the risks of space radiation. The NSRL will take advantage of the high-energy particle accelerators at Brookhaven National Laboratory, a DOE facility established in 1947. Construction of the new facility began in 1998, and was funded in part by NASA's Office of Biological and Physical Research. For more information about NASA on the Internet, visit: For information about Brookhaven National Laboratory, contact: Mona S. Rowe at: 631/344-5056, or for information on the Internet, visit: - end -
COLUMBUS GROVE, Ohio - A 14-year-old girl was killed and 11 other people were injured when a car struck a church van filled with youngsters in southern Putnam County yesterday, authorities said. Jasmin Wickard of Leipsic, who was riding in a van belonging to the Harvest Assembly of God Church of West Leipsic, was declared dead at St. Rita's Medical Center in Lima three hours after the 4:45 p.m. crash, troopers from the State Highway Patrol's Lima post said. The crash, at the intersection of State Rt. 65 and County Road O, a mile north of Columbus Grove, occurred when a car traveling west on Road O failed to stop at a stop sign and struck the van, troopers said. Aloysius Warnecke, 91, of Columbus Grove was driving the car that hit the van, driven by John Nieto, 23, of Leipsic. The van was heading south on Route 65. The van was carrying nine passengers, including: Two other unidentified passengers were flown to St. Vincent Mercy Medical Center, Toledo; and two other unidentified passengers were taken to St. Rita's Ambulatory Care Center in Glandorf, Ohio, where Mr. Nieto also was taken. Mr. Warnecke was driving his wife, Anna Marie, 86. Both were taken to the Glandorf center. The crash remains under investigation. No one had been cited in the crash last night.40.91962 -84.05775
When former Town manager Roy Keane released his new book this week, there was frantic media attention. Peregrine Cuttlefish, society columnist for the East Anglian Daily Times from 1871 – 1903, occasional Turnstile Blues contributor, and the only man to have spent three solid hours flicking rubber bands at Charles Dickens’s nose, instantly recognised the potential for a meeting of wizened minds, and was first in the queue for an interview. We are proud to present the full text of what can quite literally be described as a historic encounter. Transcribed by Gavin Barber. Peregrine Cuttlefish: Thank you, Mr Keane, for agreeing to an interview. When I read your book I realised that we should meet. We have each spent our lives at the very forefront of history: living and shaping the moments that define our respective eras. Roy Keane: You say that. I could agree with it or not agree with it. It doesn’t matter. PC: One notices straight away your antipathy towards Sir Alex Ferguson, a man whom you chastise for being distracted by horses. This instantly reminded me of Thomas Hardy, who was notorious for tearing up drafts of his latest novel if he saw a moth in the room. A little-known fact is that Far From The Madding Crowd was only completed because me and a troupe of jobbing performers from the Lambeth Music Hall were on a 24-hour patrol outside his study, swatting moths with our banjos lest any should disturb Hardy’s concentration. Did you ever meet him? RK: Thomas Hardy? Aye, a miserable fuck. Sure he could pull a sentence together but why be so bitter about everything? I look back on what I achieved as a footballer and see no acknowledgement of that in Hardy’s work. None at all. That to me seems disrespectful. I’ve no time for the man. PC: There’s a passage in the book in which you say that Sunderland chairman Ellis Short spoke to you “like you were something on the bottom of his shoe”. I remember Queen Victoria herself saying this after an unfortunate encounter with the King of Norway. What are your views on the dowager empress? RK: Queen Victoria? Ah, listen. She’s achieved a lot, there’s no doubt about that. But I don’t get the need to be flouncing around with the big black dresses and the moody face. OK, so the guy with the knob-ring died. Get over it, move on. The way I see it, you look back over some of the proper monarchs, your Henry Vs and what have you, and they never saw the need for that sort of showboating. They just got their heads down and got on with the business of oppressing people. I just don’t get why Victoria had to show off like that. Why the flouncing? Can’t be doing with it. PC: Thinking back over my own time as one of the leading lights of the literary circuit, I recall a cocktail party in Woodbridge in which Lady Login-Error of Shotley caused quite the stir by reading to the assembled company from her diaries. She shocked the guests by revealing that she had tapped a servant-girl across the ankles for insolence. Your new book reveals several such confrontations. Is this a regular feature of your life? RK: Listen, I’m no different from anyone else. People think I’m this kind of monster, always getting wound up and fighting people, but I’m just a normal guy. Yeah, I’ve had a few rucks. Jon Walters and Pablo at Ipswich, that’s in the book. Schmeichel at Man United too. And yeah, it happens occasionally. I was in the hotel this morning and there weren’t enough hash browns at the breakfast buffet. I don’t even like hash browns. It shouldn’t matter to me. But it’s about standards of professionalism. So, yeah, I smashed up the kitchen and pinned the chef against the wall. But it’s just part of life. Happens to anyone. PC: You’ve said in the book that when you were a player you had a ‘character’ that you got into, and that all sports professionals are, to an extent, playing a role. I was fortunate enough to spend some time in the company of your fellow countryman George Bernard Shaw. Like you, he was perceived by some as a troublemaker: in reality he was studious and diligent, but with a playful side. I remember one occasion when we were dining at White’s with Horry Walpole: Shaw carefully arranged all the peas on his plate into a perfect pyramid, then toppled it just as the Prince of Wales walked past our table. The bumbling royal lost his footing amidst the leguminous sea, and clattered face-first into the Duke of Fife’s sherry trifle. Shaw was roaring with laughter. Which of the classical thespians did you follow in developing your role as a footballer? I thought I could see Stanislavski’s influence in the fight with Alan Shearer in 2001 which got you a red card. RK: Sure, there’s an element of acting there. Stanislavski is nonsense though. Method acting? Don’t give me that. You’re either in character or you’re not. What business do you have calling yourself a professional if you’ve got to immerse yourself for hours? Get in there, do the job, get the fuck off the stage. PC: And finally Mr Keane: a contemporary of mine was Charles Darwin, who like you attracted disdain, opprobrium and horror in his own time, only to be regarded as a visionary in later years. What are your views on human evolution? Have we reached optimum physicality or can we adapt further? Do you think it will ever be physically possible to… RK: Stick it up your bollocks. Roy Keane’s new book, Stuff That Makes Me Cross When I Think About It, is out now. Peregrine Cuttlefish’s memoirs are due to be published just as soon as he remembers the details of that hilarious thing that Edward Elgar once did with a goldfish. In the meantime, an excerpt can be found in the new issue of Turnstile Blues, on sale at Portman Road next Saturday or via this website soon afterwards.
Free Shipping on Highland Bagpipes and Smallpipes We are happy to help! If you have questions or would like assistance with your order, just call, chat, or email Orders that include Highland bagpipes or smallpipes will receive free standard shipping, within the US. Electronic bagpipes are not included in this offer. Other items in the order will also ship for free, if they are not among the following exclusions: rentals, services, bass drums, or bass drum cases. Promotion applies to orders placed on or after October 1, 2014. Not valid with other coupons. Offer ends November 1, 2014.
Entries for month: April 2013 The forecast for the weekend was almost perfect for bicycling in February, in Montana. Our plan was to ride from Bozeman to the tiny cowboy town of Pony, 55 miles away. There we would set up camp and stash the bikes in the forest, in order to climb and ski Hollowtop, the highest peak in the Tobacco Root Mountains. This would be the third peak in my 7 Summits Of Bozeman project, a five-month plan to climb and ski the highest peak in each of the seven mountain ranges that surround Bozeman -- completing the entire project 100 percent human-powered, traveling only by bicycle, by foot, and on skis. Check out our Bike Overnights Flickr Group, where we're proud to have 139 members. Looking for an easy, reasonably priced weekend getaway that involves only a bike, a credit card and a Vancouver Island ferry ride? A few years ago John and I did a fantastic trip that involved just those things. It started with a drive to the Tsawwassen ferry terminal, about 45 minutes away from downtown Vancouver. Check out our Bike Overnights Flickr Group, where you'll find a whole lot more photos. I had an idea for our anniversary. Usually we get away for a four-day pedal sometime in September, but with my other plans eating up time we weren't sure it would happen this year. I'd miss that time alone as a couple, so I suggested a simple bike overnight. This means more to us than any restaurant celebration. Like this shot? Check out our Bike Overnights Flickr Group, where we're proud to claim 139 members! My thought process for this ride was simple: Leave the car at home, and ride somewhere nice for an overnight that's a minimum of 50 miles away. I looked at the map and quickly noticed the "lake to lake" possibility as an option. Done, now let's gather the goods and begin riding. This is a solo trip for me. If you go with friends or family members, you can share the load and it won't be as heavy for any one person.
This lively rock musical of the final days of Jesus Christ is a supercharged rendition of a superstar. The idea of putting His life on the stage and screen in this manner was and continues to be offensive to some people. To others, however, it is exactly what needs to be done with the story of Jesus. We need to have people see and feel the electricity of this spiritual story. The movie is shot on location in Israel and benefits substantially from the wonderful natural rock formations in the desert as well as the ancient Roman ruins that are used as backdrops for the film. The opening scene shows us a group of actors arriving on location and getting into their costumes and the final scene is of these same persons getting back on the bus and leaving. Three key characters dominate the movie and sing most of the songs. They are Jesus, Mary Magdalene, and Judas. Mary is portrayed loving and accepting---she has been powerfully changed by Jesus' message even though she doesn't fully understand why. Judas is doubting, cautious, scared, and accusatory---he wants to believe but feels Jesus should pay more attention to Judas' warnings. It is only at the end, after he has already betrayed Jesus, that he realizes how much he loves him. At this point he sings the song that Mary sang earlier in the film about loving Jesus but not understanding why. Although we know the ending and that this movie is about very important spiritual issues and ultimately about pain, suffering and death; it is told in an exciting, joyful manner through the vibrant music. Another wonderful touch is the scene where Jesus is taken before Herod. All of a sudden the music is no longer with a rock beat. Instead it is ragtime and the scene is played for laughs. It is a way of reminding us all that we must nourish our lightness, our sense of humor is essential if we are going to get through the darkest of moments. Music is one of the most important ways that humans can get in touch with their spiritual dimension. This musical helps to do just that and more. By balancing Judas and Mary in the script, it is also helping you see the importance of overcoming your resistance to change and the need to let go and change even when you don't quite understand what is happening to you. Not all things are explainable. Sometimes you have to act on faith. Clearly the story of Jesus Christ is worth singing about. We have written a thousand hymns in his honor to glorify God. The idea of putting the story into the rock idiom helps us more fully appreciate the idea of remembrance of Him through breaking of bread, His body, and drinking of wine, His blood. We need to build spirituality into our everyday lives. We need habits and rituals to assist us in not forgetting to value our spirit, to nurture that spirit, to love that dimension of what being human is all about. I also like the movie as it is a way of saying that each and every one of us can build God and spiritual dimensions into our profession lives just as these musicians and artists have done in their creation of this movie. How can you incorporate God and spiritual issues into your professional work?
Our editor-in-chief Nate Yapp is proud to have contributed to the new book Hidden Horror: A Celebration of 101 Underrated and Overlooked Fright Flicks, edited by Aaron Christensen. Another contributors include Anthony Timpone, B.J. Colangelo, Dave Alexander, Classic-Horror.com's own Robert C. Ring and John W. Bowen. Pick up a copy today from Amazon.com! The Exorcist (1973) I cannot stand listening to either William Friedkin or William Peter Blatty talk about The Exorcist. They have a tendency to speak at great length, not about what they intended, but what the film means to audiences everywhere. How it shakes the foundations of their faith, makes them question their reality, and turns their view of good and evil on its head. It sounds very nice, but even assuming that what Friedken and Blatty say is true, such statements limit the effectiveness of The Exorcist specifically to those people with a strong monotheistic religious bearing. Personally, however, I find it difficult to recommend the film to much of anybody. The problem with The Exorcist is that it's a horror film made by someone in denial of the genre. It's never a good thing to outright deny the type of film you're making. The film will still be made, but it's either going to apologize for itself constantly or it's going to emphasize all the wrong things. The Exorcist does both. Regan MacNeil (Linda Blair), the twelve-year-old daughter of actress Chris MacNeil (Ellen Burstyn), hasn't been feeling too well lately. In fact, she's taken to urinating at her mother's parties, flailing violently, and screaming obscenities. Chris seeks medical and psychological help at every level, but when Regan's bed begins bucking of its own accord and random items fly about the room, it's obvious that the problem isn't in Regan's body or mind, but in her soul. Some demon (or the devil himself) has taken hold, and it won't let go until she's dead and rotting her grave. Desperate, she contacts troubled, self-doubting priest-cum-psychiatrist Father Karras for an exorcism. Karras, in turn, calls the only man alive to have performed a successful exorcism, the wizened Father Merrin (Max von Sydow). Breaking down The Exorcist shot-by-shot would actually reveal a treasure trove of directorial moves. There's no disputing that the director Friedkin is talented -- one need only watch The French Connection to know that, and there are a few sequences in The Exorcist that also attest to his skill. Observe the scene where Detective Kinderman (Lee J. Cobb) questions Chris MacNeil regarding a murder that took place in Regan's room. Note how the camera closes in and pulls out on the two participants, and the see-saw of meanings that the movement takes for each (a push in is a trapping box for MacNeil, but a rapidly approaching clue for the detective, for instance). Such intricate analysis is only useful when the film being scrutinized is worthy of it. Sadly, The Exorcist is not. For all the shots worthy of diagramming, they just don't hold up a story. Friedkin's oft-celebrated "documentarian" approach to the subject matter leaves gaping holes in character arcs or strands our interest in a muddle of mundane dialogue. Often the film will simply shift moods, pulling us from one scene of high emotion (Regan writhing and screaming) to another vastly understated one (Father Karras jogging and discussing movies with Detective Kinderman). These shifts disrupt the momentum, jarring whatever tenuous hold the film had built since the last mood shift. Further, most scenes that take place without Regan are so understated that it's difficult to believe that the characters are dealing with such a overwhelming supernatural problem. The understatements only serve to highlight and magnify the vulgarities of the "devil" scenes. The possessed Regan spins her head 180°, smacks her mother in the face, and masturbates with a crucifix, all while screaming phrases like "Let Jesus f**k you" and "Your mother sucks c**ks in hell." I may have a strange sense of humor, but I find that sort of thing very funny coming from a pre-teen, even one in grotesque Dick Smith makeup. She even spews green pea soup. We usually only get that kind of action in splatstick comedies. Sadly, Friedkin and screenwriter Blatty (who also wrote the original novel) cannot see the humor in what they create, nor do they seek to create melodrama by giving the devil some purpose for his gibberish. The few times we see an unpossessed Regan, she is such a blank personality that it is impossible to be too concerned for her well-being. The result of all of the above is that Regan MacNeil, possessed girl, becomes nothing more than a cacophony of pseudo-horrific blather, blaring so loudly above the otherwise low-key soundtrack that she becomes incomprehensible. What's worse than that is what Regan's possession represents to the horror genre as a whole. The being inside Regan is the Devil, Satan himself. Not only that, but Old Scratch appears to have no plan. He just wants to sit inside the little girl until she dies. Since he shows himself to be perfectly capable of escape should it become necessary, the fact that he lies in wait of an exorcism seems, well... stupid. Basically, Friedkin and Blatty have taken the Big Bad, the Ultimate Evil and they've made him into a ridiculous fool who corrupts the body of a pre-teen girl for poops and giggles. While that's all well and good for his ultimate defeat (so to speak), it doesn't do much for the genre itself. Good horror typically requires a credible threat. If you go and make a concentrated statement with millions of dollars of backing that not only is the Devil weak, but he's also stupid, you hamper the effectiveness of our villains. One could argue that Friedkin's undercutting of horror's most mythologically powerful antagonist directly contributed to the rise of the slasher genre later in the same decade. There is, however, an argument to be made that Satan actually has a plan. The argument relies heavily on the fact that Friedkin spends the first 10 minutes of the film following Merrin as he discovers portents of evil in Northern Iraq. The sequence does not appear to have much to do with the film as a whole, although it is unsettling occasionally, if only because xenophobia is difficult habit to shake. It is possible that this prologue is in fact the only truly significant part of the film, as it speaks to the Devil's true intent -- the murder of Father Merrin during Regan's exorcism. The Devil's constant cries of Merrin's name during emotional duress further support this theory. However, accepting it leaves the film with two major problems. One, most of the character-driven scenes that take place outside of Regan's bedroom become useless and inert. Second, it raises the question of why we are being presented a film about the fulfillment of a long-held grudge without getting much detail on the grudge's origin. It would be foolish of me not to acknowledge that my thoughts here fly in the face of most common critical wisdom. I am aware of The Exorcist's vaunted position in the history of horror. I am not denying that it holds power for thousands, even millions across the world. For that fact alone, it should be viewed with some amount of reverence, if only to acknowledge its overall effect on what was to come. I feel largely the same about Friday the 13th. That I cannot recommend the film personally does not mean that it is without merit. If this seems a contradiction of what I've said before, then very well, I contradict myself. The genre is large, it contains multitudes1. Jane Fonda and Shirley MacLaine were approached to play the mother role that eventually went to Ellen Burstyn.
is the restaurant and lounge in the new Four Seasons Hotel. The building also houses private, luxury condominiums. The restaurant name comes from the hotel and restaurant’s proximity to the Seattle Art Museum. Many of the dishes are served in ways evocative of painting or other creative endeavors. Kerry Sears, the former chef/owner of Cascadia is now at Art after closing his own place. We miss Cascadia but are happy that he continues to bring his creative combinations to to the table. Thursday before starting our stroll through galleries and studios open for Seattle’s First Thursday Art Walk , M and I stopped by for sustenance to fuel our walk. The lounge (and I believe the dining room, too) are on the West side of the building where there are views of Puget Sound broken by some industrial buildings along Western Avenue. I liked the yin/yang of this arrangement, sitting in a plush lounge while looking at a nitty-gritty view, as I think it’s a part of what makes Seattle, Seattle. We arrived for the start of happy hour in the lounge, which offers several small plates and drinks for $5. Always a sucker for an interesting sounding cocktail, I ordered a Bellini Martini which combines elements from both drinks into one peachy libation. Made from vodka, pureed peaches and Prosecco it was refreshing and tasted of summer. M had a lemon drop (not on the happy hour menu) and said it was wonderful, too. For our first course we sampled the Blue Shrimp which is served with Horseradish and Bloody Mary Dressing. The combination was outstanding. The shrimp was so fresh it tasted as if it had been just brought in especially for our order. Horseradish is finely grated over the shrimp (be careful if you are not a horseradish fan) and the dressing is served in a tiny little glass, complete with a sprig of celery. I actually took a little swig of it and it would have made a perfect aperitif, too. It was hard deciding what else to choose but we opted to try the tuna roll and sliders, something Kerry was famous for at Cascadia. Of course everything here comes with it’s own little twist. The tuna roll was elevated with jalapeños, crisp garlic, daikon shoots and wasabi cream. The presentation was beautiful as was the tuna and the overall taste combination. We ended with a plate of sliders, which are available in either beef or in a vegetarian style. The condiments for the sliders were served as if they were paint on a pallet, which was both beautiful and fun. The only slightly disappointing note of the evening was that we’d ordered a side of mushrooms with our sliders and they were overlooked. Not a big deal at all, but I call it out only because I think the servers here had a few too many tables to handle which showed in a couple of other small ways, too. It’s understandable that with the low prices for this quality food that Art is watching costs. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed Art. The ambience of the lounge is plush without being fussy. I think it will be a nice, cozy place to hang out when the darker days of winter set in, too. Happy hour is an outstanding deal. I’ll need to get back to sample an actual dinner here some time soon. Located in the Four Seasons Hotel 99 Union Street
As many entrepreneurs know, launching a startup can be daunting and expensive. Fortunately, with Adeo Ressi’s 10-step plan, you won't have to tap out your mental and fiscal resources. While there is no magic formula to starting up, Adeo’s 10 steps to launching a company can help expedite the process and save you some cash along the way. Adeo says that by utilizing the tools suggested, any entrepreneur can launch a startup for roughly $2,000. To learn how, watch the video below and check out TechCrunch’s outline of the ten steps here.
Now we know we cannot trust this man. I guess he has a candor issue himself. Today on Bloomberg, commissioner Adelstein stated that he had not heard from Sirius / Xm regarding his proposals and hoped to meet with them next week. Yet what do we have here? A filing from today outlining a meeting that took place yesterday between Adelstein and Mel Karmazin in which Mel stuck to his guns ! http://fjallfoss.fcc.gov/prod/ecfs/r...ent=6520034789On July 17, 2008, Mel Karmazin, Chief Executive Officer of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. (“Sirius”), and Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein discussed conditions and objections to the merger, possible modifications to the voluntary commitment letter previously filed in the above referenced proceeding, and pending enforcement issues. Mr. Karmazin reiterated positions consistent with Sirius’ filings in this proceeding, and urged prompt approval of the pending merger.
Return to Toolbox Main. CDC's Active Community Environments Initiative ACES promotes walking, bicycling, and the development of accessible recreation facilities. It was developed in response to data from a variety of disciplines, including public health, urban design, and transportation planning. These data suggest characteristics of our communities such as proximity of facilities, street design, density of housing, availability of public transit and of pedestrian and bicycle facilities play a significant role in promoting or discouraging physical activity. These resources can be useful for local health departments looking to work with other sectors on a health in all policies (HiAP) approach. They provide strategies and guides on how policies on active living can improve health outcomes that local health departments can share with planning and zoning commissions.
Posted by: old_user on Jul-08-13 8:53 AM (EST) Category: Kayaks I have been using a dimension spirit 3.3 sit-on-top. it is 29lbs and has a handle. I would like to get another kayak like it. Most of the ones that I find are 40lbs or more, too much for me to lift on my own. Any suggestions? Cartop Kayak Carriers Touring Kayak Paddles YakCatcher Rod Holder |Table of Contents| |Messages in this Topic| Posted by: thegoose on Jul-08-13 2:23 PM (EST) Posted by: old_user on Jul-14-13 9:23 AM (EST) 39lbs is too heavy. Epic used to make a light, fast SOT| Posted by: ezwater on Jul-14-13 11:15 PM (EST) but it is no longer in their catalog. Or get a kayak cart| Posted by: Celia on Jul-08-13 2:33 PM (EST) A basic one that will get a large sized kayak from car to beach can be gotten for under $40. And there are a variety of options available to make it easier to slide a longer kayak onto a car roof - no need to actually lift more than a portion of the weight. You may look for good used| Posted by: ricknriver on Jul-14-13 2:11 PM (EST) carbon fiber yaks. I was able to get a exc. condit. Easy Rider Dolphin 14'6" x 24" off the classifieds here for $950 a while back and only 32# with a nice simple over the stern skeg. R Hunt Johnson Wave Witch | Posted by: seadart on Jul-14-13 2:58 PM (EST) Thanks for reminding of those.| Posted by: Yanoer on Jul-14-13 9:30 PM (EST) I never remember them. I'd be curious to weigh it| Posted by: sapien on Jul-14-13 3:27 PM (EST) and verify the 29 lb spec. The Dimension Typhoon, similar to the Spirit 3.3 and perhaps its successor, weighed around 40 lb. The plastic was on the thin side and the hull was prone to oilcanning. But easier to carry around than most other SOTs. Warren Light Craft| Posted by: medawgone on Jul-14-13 7:47 PM (EST) Posted by: Dgremlin on Jul-15-13 3:08 AM (EST) Point 65 makes kayaks in sections. I believe each section is under 25 lbs so not only do you lighter weight to deal with, the sections are easier to haul. Bass Pro Shop carries them now. Posted by: tsunamichuck1 on Jul-15-13 7:24 AM (EST) Posted by: redmond on Jul-15-13 8:07 AM (EST) Great boat and 24 lbs. http://www.innovakayak.com/store/store.aspx#!/~/product/category=184322&id=465855 TWO WORDS FOR YOU TO CONSIDER| Posted by: scupperfrank on Jul-15-13 7:45 PM (EST) Is the Isthmus still made| Posted by: Yanoer on Jul-15-13 11:48 PM (EST) I didn't see it on the Knysna website. NO, I DON'T THINK SO| Posted by: scupperfrank on Jul-16-13 11:37 AM (EST) I think they stopped producing them perhaps five or six yer ago, maybe longer. But there were three or four of them down here seven or eight years ago (Grayhawk, Iceman, and I each had one -Grayhawk sold his, Iceman moved on to skis, and we still have ours), and I figure they're still around out there.
I Love You Like A Fat Lady Loves Apples Happy Valentine's Day my love. I brought you some apples, eat until your heart's content. A collaboration between Geoffrey Lillemon & Random Studio. Activating Your Intuition There are 40+ hours of FREE audio mp3 files that you can listen to directly on my site without downloading anything! Sign for my free newsletter by going to:... 50 of the Best Uses for Coconut Oil « Sunwarrior News 51. HIV - good for lowering viral loads due to its anti-viral and bacterial properties. take 4 table spoons a day 2 in the morning and 2 at night along with your ART (anti retroviral therapy) meds, also helps lessen side effects of HIV meds, along ... What Everybody Ought to Know About Medicinal Uses Of These... | Posted in , , , | 118151 views Dr. Oz Tries To Be A Scientist - Forbes Mehmet Oz, host of the Dr. Oz Show, tried to do an experiment to prove that apple juice is contaminated with arsenic. He failed, although he doesn't seem to realize that. Cooking With Beer Recipes 10-12 Months How to Make a Shiny Dorodango Mud Ball The art of dorodango -- making highly polished, very shiny handmade spheres out of nothing but mud -- is sweeping Japan, and beginning to attract attention in the US. Doro-dango is a Japanese craft, and is the simplest form of pottery imaginable, u... Noticed by Rella 'Noticed' by Rella. It's the way you look at me / And actually listen Plastimake is a non-toxic and reusable plastic material that you can use to make strong and lightweight objects with your bare hands, in minutes. Bye Bye Beehive: Hair Styles I love this, thanks for the list! I love the 2nd day hair ideas. Since I shower every other day, the 2nd day can be a bit iffy but I'll have to try some of these out! :) Scalloped Hasselback Potatoes alexandra's kitchen | alexandra's kitchen A cooking blog featuring recipes, food and photos to inspire good eating and creativity in the kitchen. Buttermilk Blueberry Breakfast Cake A most delicious way to start the morning. Buttermilk and lots of blueberries make this cake super moist. Lemon adds a lovely flavor. I Could Do That Organize and share things you love. Just For Today! 1. Just for today I will be happy. This assumes that what Abraham Lincoln said is true, that "most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be." Happiness is from within; it is not a matter of externals. Girl's Eyebrow Dance, Not Dairy Milk Commercial [Video] $3 Emergency Solar-Powered Radio Made With an Altoids Tin... Joshua Zimmerman has a great project up on Instructables for turning an Altoids tin into a compact solar radio. All said, the entire project cost a whole $3. It seems like a project coming at a time when everyone is ultra aware of emergency situation... Green Holiday Gift Guide » CORK BATHMAT A guide to over 200 green, organic and sustainable gifts ideas for the holidays free buddhist audio : free mp3s and texts on buddhism, meditation... Display search results per page The Top 20 Things Oprah Knows for Sure - Oprah.com Some months I feel I hardly know a thing, and I'm always pressed to make the deadline for this column. This time around, in honor of our tribute to the subject, I looked back and came up with my all-time top 20. Wildmind Buddhist Meditation Explore Meditation Online Transmuting Energy and Practical Emotional Healing What is the soul ? The stimulus response model by Wilhelm Wundt (1832 - 1920) as the basis of modern psychology basically states that because a researc… A true soul mate is… A refreshing dose of interesting Why is it So Hard to Forgive? - Global One TV: A Blog for... "Not forgiving someone is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die." - Unknown Contributed by Terri at CrazySexyLife.com Can we talk about… Thought Becomes Form - Global One TV: A Blog for Mystics... The thought manifests as the word; The word manifests as the deed; The deed develops into habit; And habit hardens into character; So watch the thought and… Top 10 Paths to Spiritual Enlightenment - Global One TV:... By Jafree Ozwald ManifestingVibration.com Enlightenment is a process of peeling back the many layers of your Infinite Self. It is an opening of your being,… - Joseph Campbell The Awakening - Global One TV: A Blog for Mystics The Awakening (Author unknown) A time comes in your life when you finally get…when, in the midst of all your fears and insanity, you stop dead in your tracks… Cozy book nook Click to see the pic and write a comment... Kodoish Kodoish Kodoish Kodoish Kodoish Kodoish Adonai Tsebayoth is the most powerful mantra in Ascension Times. It automatically puts us in the frequency of 999- the highest freque... A fun image sharing community. Explore amazing art and photography and share your own visual inspiration! Spiritual singularity - One Divine intelligence. No fear.... Spiritual singularity - One Divine intelligence. No fear. LOVE. (part 1) Spiritual singularity - One Divine intelligence. No fear. LOVE. (part 1) technologic... frequency 528 Hz (DNA repair frequency ?) : NO MUSIC single... 528 Hz, the frequency for transformation and DNA repair. http://www.unisonicascension.com/solfeggio/ There is a special sound and color of love according to ... The 12 Laws of Karma THE 12 LAWS OF KARMA THE GREAT LAW As you sow, so shall you reap. This is also known as the Law of Cause and Effect. Whatever we put out in the Universe is w... 6174 (number) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Nine ways of resting the mind - Rigpa Wiki (Tib. , ; ) — whatever the object of our , we pass through nine stages in the development of . Tetrapharmakos - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia The (τετραφάρμακος), or, "The four-part cure," is the Greek philosopher ' (, - , ) remedy for leading the happiest possible life. The "" was originally a compound of four drugs (, , and ); the word has been used metaphorically by Epicurus and his ... Religions diagram according to Google Click to see the pic and write a comment... Top 10 Popular Shot & Shooter Recipes Today, September 22, marks the day for the fastest drinking record; Dustin Phillips of the United States consumed a 14 ounce bottle of Ketchup through a 1/4" straw in 33 seconds flat ten years ago. Ketchup seems a nasty ‘beverage' to guzzle willingl... Monday Morning Mmmm: Pink Lemonade Cake — Giving Up on... Thanks for visiting ! You can find more recipes weekly at . And don't miss another post ! Check out http://no-self.com! Home Page Scary Paranormal Stories » String Theory Have you ever had an experience that suggested someone else was in your house, and just thought "I don't wanna know" and left it? Sometimes, fear of the unknown just seems like the preferable option than facing a real, concrete danger. Normally it's ... Never Talk to the Police What's the best response when a cop asks you something? Silence, or a short, polite non-answer. Shut up. Just. Shut. Up. The police are not your DARKSITES.COM EVIL GUIDE PLAN Your evil plan is nearly complete. Simply fill in your answers in the appropriate blanks below and then get ready to call your press conference. You may want to photocopy this page first, in case you change your mind later and want to create a differ... 99ROOMS.COM - A Project of Kim Koester, Richard Schumann, Stephan Schulz and Johannes Buenemann List of unusual deaths - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia... This is a list of unusual deaths. This list contains unique or extremely rare circumstances of death recorded throughout history. This list also includes less rare, though still unusual, deaths of prominent people. First 3D Map of the Brain's Connections - GEARFUSE We knew , but this is beyond anything else we've ever seen, and it's guaranteed to be something you haven't seen, being the first 3D image of a . RS Part17: Appreciation Part 17 of the Reasoned Spirituality site. The unique nature of the human perception of reality, and the value of each perceived event The Wise Woman and the Stone - Global One TV: A Blog for... A wise woman who was traveling in the mountains found a precious stone in a stream. The next day she met another traveler who was hungry, and the wise woman o… Make a Friendship Bracelet the Easy Way Want to make a friendship bracelet? I'll show you a little-known technique that lets even a complete beginner make beautifully braided bracelets. Just follow these instructions. Bilde fra artige.no Nye bilder, hver jævla dag. The Great Illusion Are You Living in a Computer Simulation? examines the idea that we live in an "ancestor simulation", a computer simulation run by some technologically advanced civilization. The original paper, interviews, further research Sound Composition: Anza Nature sounds player. Mix your own compositions of various nature sounds and listen to them for free Native American Code Of Ethics Ethics described by Native Americans. The 23 Essential Guitar Arpeggios to Get Smooth 100 Most Inspirational Quotes Of All Time Courtesy of My-Inspirational-Quotes.com 1. Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.… Amazing Posts: Famous Buddhist Quotes & Sayings Truly a Immortal Quotes. Erowid Spirit Vaults : Meditation - Essay 'Meditation : It's not what you think.' - Kaleidoscope, Jan 1997 Stumblers Who Like Ten games that make you think about life... Games might not yet be recognized as art but they are increasingly being used to explore the kind of deep themes that were previously the preserve of artists and philosophers. 50 Classic Intelligent Quotes 50 intelligent quotes, ideal for Facebook status updates. 1. You can do anything, but not everything. —David 25 Beautifully Illustrated Thought-Provoking Questions Practical Tips for Productive Living Synonym Finder » Find synonyms, antonyms & definition for... Synonym-Finder.com is the best place for searching English synonyms, antonyms and word definitions. The Hipster Home » Blog Archive » How to Make a Tiny Terrarium... Ahoy there Hipster Homers! I'm and I'm the very first guest blogger on this fine site. Today's project involves breaking stuff, plants, found objects, and miniatures. Fun, right? Another 20 games that make you think about life Fans of philosophical games rejoice. We have a further 20 thought-provoking games for you to play. SELF Magazine: fashion, beauty, health, sex advice, news P E R C E I V I N G R E A L I T Y Perceiving Reality is a flash video on spirituality, the meaning of life, sceince of creation and methodolgy to the proper perception of reality. BBC Science | Human Body and Mind Find out more about your personality by taking our psychology tests. Designed by experts, play the games to help you better understand who you are. GOOD.is | Food Pyramid Submissions (Raw Image) almonds vs. hard boiled egg - Compare which is healthier?... TwoFoods is an online food comparison tool that helps you choose healthy foods. Makes Me Think - Happy - Today's Thought-Provoking Life... Happy - An online community where people share daily life stories that provoke deep thought and inspire positive change. - Makes Me Think Advice from Somewhere Ellie Goulding - Lights (Bassnectar Remix) by Bassnectar... Visualized with Dive | Visualize your favourite tunes online How to Make Peanut Butter S'Mores Turnovers Peanut butter, graham cracker and chocolate tucked into light and flaky puffed pastry & topped with marshmallow. How-to photographs included.
You are currently signed in as . 0 Items in Your Cart Vault Guides are THE source for insider insight on career information and employer reviews. Shop Vault Guides Arbitron professes to be only as good as its people. The company strives to create a diverse workplace where the "uniqueness of each individual is sought, valued and respected in every aspect of the In the early-mid 2000s Arbitron Inc, was honored three... Are you a student? You may have free accesss to Vault's premium content. Contact your Career Center, Alumni Office or Library to find out more. Complete your Vault Profile and get seen by top employers
For the second time in four years, the Red Sox are in the World Series. And just like last time, they measured the depths of the degree-of-difficulty scale. The 2007 team didn't have to come back from 3-0 like its '04 predecessors. But coming back from 3-1 down against the Indians in the American League Championship Series was still an impressive accomplishment that will go down in the annals of franchise lore. How have the Red Sox -- a team once identified by late-season disappointment -- transformed into the team that always seems to come back in October? "I just think when you're in this kind of pressure cooker, you can either fold and kind of implode, or you can relax and be yourself," said Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein. "That's what our guys do: they relax and stay themselves. None of the circumstances bother them." The World Series begins Wednesday at Fenway Park, when the Red Sox host the Rockies at 8 p.m. ET on FOX. But before that spectacle begins, it's worth looking back for a minute at what Boston accomplished not just in the ALCS, but the body of work it has put together in recent Octobers. Beginning with the 1999 postseason, the Red Sox are 14-3 when they face elimination. Jason Varitek and Tim Wakefield are the only two players who have been a part of the team for all 17 of those games, and much of it speaks to the leadership of the captain. After all, it was Varitek who sat in front of his locker for as long as the media wanted when the Sox lost Game 4 to the Tribe at Jacobs Field last Tuesday and continued to keep a firm resolve about him. "We've got a one-pitch playoff every pitch," Varitek reminded everyone after Game 4. "We have to go out there with that intensity. We've got to play one pitch at a time, literally. We have to create our own opportunities. We've got to outplay our opponents." The Red Sox turned Varitek into a prophet. They did all of those things for the remainder of the series and kept such concentration that they never again trailed. But Varitek doesn't just lead the ship by himself. Third baseman Mike Lowell is another leader who remembered the experience of bouncing back from a 3-1 deficit with the Marlins against the Cubs in the 2003 National League Championship Series. Josh Beckett and Curt Schilling -- postseason stalwarts both of them -- wanted the ball with the season on the line, and they delivered. David Ortiz and Manny Ramirez wanted to be at the plate in all the big spots, and continually they delivered. So did core players like Lowell, Kevin Youkilis and rookie Dustin Pedroia. And in dire situations, sometimes even Manny being Manny can help. Ramirez is no media darling, but he decided to turn into one once the Red Sox got into that 3-1 deficit. While some of the national media jumped on him for his carefree words, his teammates appreciated the levity. "I think Manny put it really well," said Sox right fielder J.D. Drew. "There was always next year in his mind. That just kind of shows you how relaxed we were, the worst case [being] we were going home and the best case, 'Hey, we're moving on to the World Series.'" Sure, the Red Sox lost three in a row to the Indians to fall in the 3-1 hole, but they never lost their resolve. "Nobody got down on each other," said Pedroia. "We kept battling. We knew if we won [Game 5] in Cleveland, we'd have a chance. Josh went out and we all jumped on his back, pretty much. He carried us through that game. Once we got back here, Schill did great and everything came together, and here we are -- we're still playing." Is it character or talent that helps a team perform so well when the margin for error is zero? "I think you have to have both," said Red Sox manager Terry Francona. "If you have one without the other, you're not going to make it. We managed to play ourselves into a deficit, but we managed to play ourselves out if it. I just think the mentality is always the same, every day. You play nine innings or whatever it takes." To a man, the Red Sox seemed to agree that the biggest key to the comeback was to look at each at-bat, inning and game as an almost individual entity. "We were not going to give up until the last out," said Lowell. "I think we did a great job of taking Game 5 as the most important game and not looking ahead. And then Game 6 and then Game 7. We weren't worried about [Fausto] Carmona when we had to face [C.C.] Sabathia. I think we were very focused in that sense. But it starts with the pitching. Josh did it, Schill did it and Daisuke [Matsuzaka] did it, for the most part." In truth, it takes nearly everyone playing a role to win three successive must-win games. "It's exactly like '04, just a different team," said Wakefield. "Your back is against the wall and you had to win. You had to win the first night to get to the second night, and that's the philosophy we all took." Once again, that philosophy was executed to perfection, and the reward was a trip to the World Series. Ian Browne is a reporter for MLB.com. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.
I need to sort an arraylist that contains a list of individual object. Each individual object contains an arraylist of addresses. Could someone suggest what design pattern is suitable to perform the sorting? Kyle, Unfortunately, this is what I am doing. Since I don't know the list size until runtime, I use nested vectors. The outer one contains a list of individual (last name, first name, date of birth,...), and the nested one contains a list of addresses(current address, previous address, ...). You indicated my code is smell. Could you give me some suggestions or point me to the document where I can clean it up. For the sorting, I had a class that implements comparator and used Collections.sort(List, Comparator) method to perform the sort. My pseudo code for the compare() method 1. Compare last name, first name, date of birth,... for the outer vector. 2. If decision cannot be made (they are all equals) then a. Sort the inner lists (the address vectors) b. Loop through the list and compare street num, street name, city, ... What I am asking is the design pattern. Do you know any design pattern I can apply? Thanks in advance. Joined: Aug 10, 2001 Joey, your question isn't quite clear to me. Which are you sorting? The list of individuals, the list of addresses of each individual or both? Joined: Apr 20, 2001 Kyle, It is both. I have a master list that contains many individuals. Each individual, in turn, can contain zero or more addresses. I would like to sort the master list. Master List 1------>* Individual 1------>* addresses Individual contains last name, first name, middle name, gender, date of birth and a list of addresses. Address contains street number, street name, apartment, city, state ,zip At runtime, a user can specify the fields to be sorted and the sort order. Say a user wants to sort the master list in this order: last name, first name, city, and state. If last name and first name of two individual objects are different, compareTo() method will return either negative or positive number. If they happen to be the same, then city and state in the address objects are compared. If I understand correctly, you really only need to sort the outer list of individuals; the fact that each individual may have multiple addresses might not really matter. In this case, I would have the class used for the individuals implement methods like get_primary_city(), get_primary_state(). Then when you write your comparator, it first compares the names of the individuals, and if those are the same, it compares primary city or state, &c. Alternatively, your comparator can first compare the names of the individuals, then compare the address arrays of the individuals using whatever method you choose (e.g., whoever has more addresses goes first or whatever, if tied, use information from the first address, then the second, or whatever). Joined: Apr 20, 2001 The columns to be sorted are known at runtime. They can be just columns in individual object, columns in both individual object and address objects, or just columns in address object. If they are just city and state, the sort will be performed just on the nested object (address object). I am searching for a design pattern to solve the puzzle.
Select tracks on the iPod and then run this script to copy the files of the selected tracks from the iPod to your iTunes Music/Media folder and add to iTunes. Additionally, you can assign the new tracks to their own playlist. Requires the iPod be set to "Manually manage music and videos". Will not work on Windows-formatted iPods. Not compatible with iPhone/iPod touch. Not recommended for large-scale iPod audio recovery operations. Progress is displayed for each track being imported. Free to use, but a payment in appreciation is requested. Thanks! Perhaps Also of Interest... downloaded 48s ago Export album artwork as folder.jpg to Album folder downloaded 4m 24s ago Convert selected tracks and export the converted files to a new folder downloaded 11m 3s ago Play through each track in a playlist at your set interval downloaded 11m 36s ago Displays files in iTunes Media folder not in iTunes track library downloaded 16m 11s ago Remove iTunes tracks disassociated from files downloaded 34m 38s ago Rename selected tracks' Song Names with their filenames (minus extension)
Monta Vista High School Cupertino, CA 95014 About This School A school's Academic Performance Index (API) is a scale that ranges from 200 to 1000 and is calculated from the school's performance in the Standardized Testing and Reporting (STAR) Program. The state has set 800 as the API target for all schools to meet. Monta Vista High School had an API growth score of 956 in 2012. California uses the Academic Performance Index (API) to measure annual school performance and year-to-year improvement. Monta Vista High School's 2012 base score was 949 and the school did meet its 2012 school-wide growth target. In 2010, Monta Vista High School had 26 students for every full-time equivalent teacher. The California average is 24 students per full-time equivalent teacher. Student Ethnicity (2011) Students Per Teacher (2010) Subsidized Lunch (2011) District Spending (2010) All Grades Algebra II Performance Monta Vista High School Reviews I attended from 1998-2002 and liked it well enough. It is a very academic high school, lots of smart kids and teachers. We have athletic teams that range from pretty bad to excellent. The student population has a lot of very outgoing people who are willing to found/attend/organize lots of clubs, activities and the like. I'd definitely recommend MV, the classes might be tough, but you learn a lot and I felt those classes prepared you very well for college level courses. This school is very good. Only teachers need to emphasise more on the importance of STAR test scores.
Our site is temporarily unavailable. We know your banking is important and appreciate your patience. Can we help you find other ways to access your account? Call 1.800.432.1000 to talk to a specialist Go to a Bank of America ATM—get recent account activity and balance information, make transfers between Bank of America accounts or pay your Bank of America credit card Visit a banking center—we can help you with any banking need Thanks for visiting FatWallet.com. Join for free to remove this ad. posted: Feb. 1, 2013 @ 11:25a The other night most of their site was up but I couldn't access billpay. Not sure what's going on with them lately, but I think there was a thread around here recently about online bank outages. I didn't read it because it didn't concern me at the time. Off to look for it now. BOFa seems to have online banking problems every other month that last for a few days. Whoever maintains their system, if anyone, is either stuck with a junky system or does not know what they are doing posted: Feb. 1, 2013 @ 3:39p just tried, same thing for me. Also FedEx shipping manager(logon part of FedEx.com) is down, im browsing the forums waiting for FedEx to come up. I wonder if they are related? Disclaimer: By providing links to other sites, FatWallet.com does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or products available at these sites, nor does a link indicate any association with or endorsement by the linked site to FatWallet.com. Members of our community may attach files to a post in accordance with the User Agreement. FatWallet is not responsible for the content, accuracy, completeness or validity of any information contained in any attached file. Files have *not* been scanned for viruses. Be especially wary of Excel files which may contain malicious content. Earn Cash Back while you shop - just 3 simple steps. 1. Sign Up so we know who to pay! (It's FREE.) 2. Shop through FatWallet for deals from your favorite stores. Your online purchases earn Cash Back that builds in your FatWallet account. 3. Get Paid by requesting a payment via check or PayPal. FatWallet coupons help you save more when shopping online. Use our Coupons Search to browse coupons and offers from thousands of stores, gathered into one convenient location. As part of our FatWallet Community, you can share deals with almost a million shoppers in our forums. Forum content is generated by consumers for consumers. Share deals, money-saving tips, and more. It's FREE, fun, and addicting. Our customer experience team is here around the clock - real people ready to assist.
Tuesday July 10, 2007Heavener Provides $7 Million Dollar Donation To Gator Athletics "We are grateful for Bill Heavener's donation," said head coach Urban Meyer. "His financial support is a key component in completing the premier football stadium in the nation. This recent construction project features a front door look to the stadium that will give fans and former players a chance to pay tribute to the champions of The renovation project at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium will enhance the experience for Gator student-athletes, staff and visitors. This project will include the renovation and expansion of the football office complex. An additional 6,815 square feet will be added to the existing square footage, creating a grand total of 12,436 square feet for all football office areas. All of the offices will be equipped with the latest technology. The cornerstone of the project will be a new "front door" to the football office complex. This structure, rising three stories, will be constructed at the southwest corner of Ben Hill Griffin, at the intersection of Adjoining the football main entry will be a new 3,821 square-foot football Gator Room. The Gator Room is used by the UAA as meeting room space and will also provide the Gator football program with a central location to house recruiting functions throughout the year. Seating capacity for meals will be 200, with total capacity expected to be 560, and state-of-the-art technology will dominate the space. Incorporated in the Gator Room is an 810 square-foot kitchen, along with ample storage and rest rooms for visitors. The strength and conditioning complex will expand to a total of 26,685 square feet. This room facilitates over 350 student-athletes throughout the year, and will be furnished with new weight equipment, TV monitors, state-of-the-art sound system and an artificial turf track for speed workouts and other aerobic activity. Strength and conditioning staff offices and student-athlete locker and shower facilities will be located in this area. Since 1992, Heavener has served as Co-chairman/CEO of Full Sail Real World Education, a highly-regarded entertainment media college in
Activity time: 5 minutes Materials for Activity - Chalice or LED/battery-operated candle - Cloth for altar or centering space - Opening Words for Basket (Session 1, Leader Resource 1), and basket - Symbol of earth, such as a rock, bowl of dirt, crystal, etc. - Newsprint with "Now Let Us Sing" lyrics (Session 1, Activity 2) - Optional: Session 1, Leader Resource 2, "Now Let Us Sing," Hymn 368 in Singing the Living Tradition - Optional: A copy of the Unitarian Universalist hymnbook, Singing the Living Tradition Preparation for Activity - Set up the chalice on the cloth to create an altar area or centering space. - If you have not already done so, print Session 1, Leader Resource 1, Opening Words for Basket; cut out the short readings and place them in the basket. Feel free to add additional readings over the course of the program. - Make sure you know which children at the previous session volunteered to be this session's worship leaders. - Make sure you know and can lead the Sing to the Power theme song, a "zipper" song based on "Now Let Us Sing," Hymn 368 in Singing the Living Tradition. You can listen to each melodic part (Part 1 and Part 2) and the two parts sung together here. You may want to invite a guest or a volunteer to help lead the song, perhaps to lead half the group in singing one of the two melodic parts. - Post the newsprint with "Now Let Us Sing" lyrics (from Session 1, Activity 2). Add the words "roots that hold" for this session and leave space to add new phrases in future sessions. Description of Activity The opening ritual for this program invites children to practice leadership and experience the power of a group coming together in sacred space. Gather the children in a circle around the chalice. Invite them to take a deep breath, release it, and create a deep silence for a moment. Invite the day's opening worship leader to select a reading from the Opening Words Basket and read it aloud (or, to read aloud the reading they prepared after the previous session). Place the earth symbol on the cloth, saying, "I bring this symbol of earth, the ground on which we all stand together." As needed, assist the worship leader to light the chalice. Sing "Sing to the Power." Include the zipper words from the previous session ("earth below") and add today's zipper words, "roots that hold." Invite participants to hold hands in a circle. Explain, in these words or your own: Each time the group meets, we will focus on ways we find and express our power. As part of each opening circle, we will send a pulse of energy, or power, around the circle. Begin the power pulse by squeezing the hand of the person to your left, who will then squeeze the hand of the person to their left, followed by each person in rapid succession. Send the power pulse around the circle several times. Conclude the power pulse. While still holding hands, ask the group to take a deep breath together, bringing their hands up as they breathe in, and bringing their hands down as they breathe out. Return the reading to the Opening Words Basket and extinguish the chalice. Including All Participants Some participants may be uncomfortable being touched. Offer the opportunity to opt out of the circle during the time when participants are holding hands for the power pulse. For more information contact email@example.com.
33. Letter from Wash Swimmer, acting chief, to National Council, regarding Dawes Commission correspondence and request for information thereon, Dec. 18, 1895. 34. Letter from Mayes to National Council, regarding Dawes Commission, Dec. 12, 1895. 35. Letter from Swimmer, acting chief, to National Council submitting treasurer's statement on receipt of money for railroad right of way, Dec. 19, 1895. 36. Letter from Mayes to President Cleveland regarding intruders in Cherokee Nation, from the Claremore Progress, January 18, 1896. 37. Letter from Mayes and Cherokee delegates to the Senate and House of the United States, a defense against the charges of the Dawes Commission against the Cherokee Nation, from the Indian Chieftain, January 30, 1896. 38. Proclamation of Mayes for special election for a Senate position, from the Vinita Leader, Feb. 27, 1896. 39. Letter from Mayes to National Council, regarding agreements on Freedmen claims, from the Indian Chieftain, March 26, 1896. 40. Communication from the Dawes Commission to Mayes, from the David Progress, July 23, 1896. 41. Article on Dawes Commission, including proclamation of Mayes, from the Claremore Progress, July 25, 1896. 42. Editorial on International Council concerned with Dawes Commission, from the South McAlester Capital, August 6, 1896. 43. Message of Mayes to National Council regarding Cherokee citizenship, from the Claremore Progress, August 15, 1896. 44. Letter from J. L. Robbins to Mayes, and comment thereon, from the David Progress, August 27, 1896, regarding whether Robbins is a Cherokee. 45. Annual message of Mayes to National Council from the Indian Chieftain, November 5, 1896. 46. Editorial on Mayes' message from the South McAlester Capital, Nov. 12, 1896. 47. Editorial on Mayes from the Claremore Progress, Feb. 13, 1897, regarding the Dawes Commission. 48. Proclamation of Mayes reappointing Benge and Hastings as Cherokee delegation to Washington, March 18, 1897.
The risk factor: protect and treat. Independent comment. Goodman, Anthony (2000) The risk factor: protect and treat. Independent comment. Community Care, 21 . pp. 34-35. ISSN 0307-5508 Full text is not in this repository. This item is available in the Library Catalogue |Research Areas:||A. > School of Law > Criminology and Sociology| |Deposited On:||25 May 2010 07:51| |Last Modified:||13 Mar 2015 15:09| Repository staff only: item control page Full text downloads (NB count will be zero if no full text documents are attached to the record) Downloads per month over the past year
BAGHDAD: Iraq’s move to inspect Iranian aircraft flying to Syria may appease the United States but also shows how the crisis in Damascus has pushed Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki into an ever more delicate balancing act between his two main allies. When Maliki’s faced a parliamentary revolt this year, he could count on Tehran to pull strings of influence over restive fellow Shiite politicians in Iraq’s majority community that saw the Iraqis quickly fall in line again behind the Shiite premier. But after the United States complained publicly that Iran was using Iraqi airspace to fly arms and men to help President Bashar Assad fight Western-backed rebels, Iraq’s government has told Washington it will inspect Iranian flights at random. Nine years after U.S. forces ousted Iraq’s Sunni dictator Saddam Hussein, and nine months after they finally pulled out of the country, Maliki is heavily reliant on Tehran, Washington’s enemy. He leans on Iran for political support at home and for backing in a Sunni-dominated region where he has few friends. But he still needs the Americans, too – for military aid, in part, but also as Iraq seeks global investment and trading access for an oil industry it is struggling to rebuild. And all the while, with the Syrian civil war inflaming historic confrontations in the Middle East between Sunni and Shiite Muslims, and between Arabs and Persians, Maliki is trying to carve out space for Iraq’s – and his own – interests. “We are trying to take an independent position, based on our national interests,” Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari told Reuters recently in explaining Iraq’s Syria policy. “We are trying to differentiate ourselves. Things are not black and white.” Iraq says it has a policy of non-interference in Syria – but stays close to Tehran’s position by refusing to endorse Western and Arab League demands for the removal of Assad, whose Alawite minority faith is an offshoot of Shiite Islam. For Maliki – who once found refuge in Syria and Iran as a Shiite Islamist activist fleeing Saddam – a defeat for Assad that put Damascus under the control of Sunni Islamists could add to the threat he already faces from a Sunni insurgency blamed for the kind of attacks that killed over 30 Iraqis Sunday. “We reject attempts to bring down the regime by force, because it will leave a wider crisis in the region,” Maliki has said. That concern, rather than any pressure from Tehran, appears to drive the Iraqi premier, diplomats and Iraqi officials say. “Maliki is fundamentally looking after Maliki’s interests,” one diplomat involved in the region said. “Relations with Iran may be part of that. But I don’t think Iran’s interest will trump Maliki’s domestic interests.” Maliki is keenly aware of the benefits of keeping Iran on board. Tehran helped secure his premiership into a second term in 2010 by persuading fractious Shiite parties to join forces and outmaneuver Sunnis, Kurds and independent groups. At the same time, Washington’s sway over a leader whom it once saw as more mindful of U.S. interests than other Shiite candidates had faded, even before the troop withdrawal. Maliki, aware of nationalist sensitivity, said Iraq could not support a small U.S. force staying on by extending troops’ legal immunity. However, Washington still has weight it can pull with Maliki, as the appeasing move on Iranian flights to Syria demonstrated. “Maliki will never risk his relationship with the U.S.,” said Iraqi Shiite lawmaker Amir al-Kinani. “But he will send a message saying they must support him to stay in power ... This has nothing to do with religion, for Maliki or for Iran – it’s about interests.” Washington has allowed $2 billion in weapons sales to Iraq in 2012 alone, including a recently completed purchase of U.S.-made tanks. Baghdad will soon take delivery of more than 30 F-16 fighters that will be the backbone of its new air force. U.S. military officers engaged in training programs also still operate out of the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad. With President Barack Obama campaigning for re-election, some in the United States have suggested pressing Iraq harder to distance itself from Iran. But U.S. diplomats are wary of exerting pressure that might have the opposite effect on Maliki. The State Department rejected a call for aid to Baghdad to be threatened if Iraq did not block Iranian flights to Syria. “Maliki has a variety of reasons for wanting Assad to stay in power. The fact Iran shares this preference will tend to promote stronger relations,” said Stephen Biddle, professor at George Washington University. “That does not mean Maliki will ignore U.S. preferences ... He wants help wherever he can get it, and the United States can provide arms of the kind and quality Iranians cannot.” Syria’s crisis, and how the increasingly sectarian turmoil develops there, remains a major question mark over how Maliki will manage future relations with Washington and Tehran. Already Maliki’s relationship with Assad is complex. At the height of the Sunni insurgency in Iraq, Iraqi Shiite leaders slammed Damascus for letting foreign militants, including Al-Qaeda fighters, slip over their desert border. Members of Saddam’s Baath party, long estranged from the Syrian wing of the movement led by Assad, also found refuge in Syria. However, Maliki has since developed a more pragmatic relationship with Damascus, not least as the prospect grows of Syria falling to a hard-line Sunni revolt that could the reignite Iraq. How Maliki manages Syria now depends on whether – or how – Assad’s regime falls. More Western and Arab intervention in Syria that might ease Assad out in favor of a broad-based Syrian government could be a relief for Baghdad. But a messy collapse, and the rise of a hostile Sunni regime next door, may drive a threatened Maliki closer to Iran; Tehran in turn may increase its focus on Baghdad if it loses Damascus. “I suspect the Iranians are going to be very dismayed by the collapse of Syria and the loss of their ally and will redouble their efforts in Iraq,” said Kenneth Pollack at the Brookings Institute’s Saban Center for Middle East Policy in Washington. “Both those things are probably going to make it harder for Maliki to chart an independent course.”
Cisco made undisclosed extensions to the Tensilica instruction set. None of them address virtualization, something already supported in server processors and a hot topic in networking. "We looked closely at that and concluded we did not need it," Jayaram said. The nPower also marks a new level of design reuse for Cisco, which intends to roll variants of the chip with faster speeds and different feature sets. "Cisco is becoming a lot more thoughtful in creating unified architectures across product families, deliberately intended to serve broad sets of platforms," Jayaram said. The chip follows the lineage of Cisco's CRS-1 ASIC that emerged about a decade ago. Cisco followed up with another three or more generations leading to the nPower. Cisco did not disclose several details of the chip including its clock rate and power consumption, presumably because the numbers might seem unflattering. "I have to say the [disclosed] stats are a little underwhelming actually, it doesn't sound like that big an upgrade from the prior generation design," said Bob Wheeler, a communications analyst at The Linley Group (Mountain View, Calif.). Technically, a 400 Gbit/s router should be able to handle 600 million packets/second, not the 300M packets/s Cisco claims for the nPower, Wheeler said. Alcatel-Lucent announced the first 400G router ASIC -- a two-chip set -- in June 2011. It shipped last year in routers with dual 100G channels. Merchant supplier EZChip is now sampling its NP5, another 400G router chip, Wheeler added. Huawei recently began selling a 400G router, said another market watcher. When told the chip is larger than 23mm on a die, Wheeler added, "that's a big honking chip!" Cisco rolled three models of the NCS core router family.
The Research Support Services Committee (RSSC) administers an internal funding opportunity for full-time faculty at Lawrence Technological University. These awards utilize a portion of the provost's indirect costs recovery pool from externally funded projects. The purpose of these awards is to encourage and develop faculty research and creative endeavors with the goal of subsequent external funding. These awards are intended to supplement and strengthen the support that comes from the faculty member's department and college. Awards are granted through a competitive application process, with recommendations from department chair, evaluation by the RSSC, and acceptance of recommendations by the provost. All full-time faculty are eligible to apply, and applications are accepted in September and January of each academic year. Projects that emphasize new methods, theoretical approaches, and curriculum or laboratory improvements are encouraged. Teams of two or more eligible faculty are encouraged to submit proposals for interdisciplinary projects. Applications from junior tenure-track faculty are given preference. Proposals receiving departmental and/or college resource commitments are given preference. Only one proposal per faculty member may be considered during each academic year. The maximum value of the award is $5,000 with a duration of no more than one year, with all unexpended funds reverting back to the indirect cost recovery pool at the end of the award period. Awardees disseminate the results of their project at the annual Research Day, as well as through refereed publication outlets. A final report to the RSSC is also required within thirty (30) days of completion of the project. Funds can be used for research and scholarly efforts, instructional impact projects, or other worthwhile professional development activities. Funding can be used for student research assistant salaries, technicians, and other non-faculty project personnel. Other permitted expenses include supplies, equipment, and miscellaneous project expenses. Funds cannot be used for faculty salaries (summer or academic year); travel that is not directly related to project research; conferences; consultants, office equipment, or computers (unless specifically justified). Any travel funding must be accompanied by department or college contributions. Prospective seed grant applicants must submit an "intent to submit" e-mail to the RSSC at email@example.com no later than June 30 (for the September 30 deadline) or October 31 (for the January 31 deadline) to be eligible to submit a proposal. Each applicant will be assigned an advocate from the RSSC to support development of the Seed Grant Proposal. Seed Grant proposals and department approvals are due to the RSSC via e-mail at firstname.lastname@example.org by January 31 or September 30 of each year. Proposals will be evaluated using the following non-exclusive criteria: - Does the proposal contain a Project Summary that describes information about project goals, rationale and justification for the research, methods, and likely outcomes? - Is the proposal supported by a preliminary Literature Review with citations and references? Is a gap in the literature identified? There should be no references listed that are not discussed in the Project Summary. - Does the proposal describe the Contribution of the Project to LTU, College, and Department such as potential for publication, potential for student recruitment, etc? - Does the proposal describe Future Directions and Contributions of Project, including possibilities for future external funding, linkage to PI’s research agenda, and contribution to discipline? - Is the Proposed Budget reasonable for the project goals and objectives in terms of salaries, supplies, equipment, travel, etc.? - Does the proposal provide a Budget Justification in which each budget item listed in the Proposed Budget is justified? Consider any commitments from college/department that have been identified by the PI. - Does the proposal provide a reasonable and realistic Timeline which indicates the proposed state date, project milestones, and proposed end date? - What is the probability of this funding leading to external support? - Does the PI(s) have the experience needed to carry out the project? - a) Has the PI’s Dept Chair provided comments and approval? b) Has the PI’s Dean provided comments and approval (b. only required if specific College resources are committed to the project). - Has the PI obtained required assurances (animal, human, radiation, etc.), or at a minimum, addressed that assurances will be obtained prior to participant recruitment? The awardee is responsible for the administration of grant funds, including making certain that over-expenditures do not occur. The Business Services unit is responsible for purchasing processes. All equipment purchased with Seed Grant funding remains the property of Lawrence Tech and may not be transferred to another institution should the awardee leave their University employment.
Welcome Home Broncos The primary goal of the East Bay Chapter is to allow alumni, parents, and friends of Santa Clara to network and further the mission of the University in the area. To receive information on events, campus updates, and Bronco happenings in East Bay, please contact the Chapter President or Manager. |Dave Tripaldi '65 |Joey Eisenberg '14 Alumni Association Chapter Manager
Grounds for Judicial Review: New Developments Metadata:Show full item record Citation:Donnelly, Catherine, Grounds for Judicial Review: New Developments, Judicial Review; Recent Developments, Trinity College Dublin, 27 June 2009, 2009, School of Law, TCD The aim of this paper is to consider important recent cases dealing with the grounds for judicial review, such as: (i) jurisdictional error; (ii) procedural fairness; (iii) control of discretionary power; and (iv) legitimate expectations and fettering of discretion. It is not intended to provide a comprehensive overview of all these areas, and instead, attention will be focussed on particular cases, whether because they reveal an interesting application of well-established principles or because they may be illustrative of evolutionary trends in the law. Contributors:School of Law, TCD
Greater Mekong Subregion Economic Cooperation Program: Regional Investment Framework Pipeline of Potential Projects (2013–2022) The Regional Investment Framework puts into operation the new Greater Mekong Subregion (GMS) Economic Program Strategic Framework (2012–2022) that was approved at the 4th GMS Summit in December 2011. The Regional Investment Framework translates the strategic directions of the GMS-Strategic Framework into a pipeline of investment and technical assistance projects for the third decade of the GMS Program, from 2013 to 2022. The Regional Investment Framework covers a wide range of sectors including transport, energy, environment, agriculture, human resource development, information and communication technology, tourism, transport and trade facilitation, and urban development. As a comprehensive, forward-looking and strategic framework, the Regional Investment Framework embodies the collective aspiration of the GMS countries to expand and deepen their cooperation program in the coming decade. The Regional Investment Framework will also remain a living framework that will be regularly reviewed and updated to maintain its relevance and responsiveness as a planning tool for subregional initiatives in an ever-dynamic GMS. - Human Resource Development - Urban Development - Trade Facilitation - Information and Communications Technology - Other Multisector/Cross-Border Economic Zones
10 Celebrity Women Who Earn More Than Their Men via jessicasimpsonphotos.netFor what seems like forever, men have stereotypically been the big family breadwinners. In many cases, it’s been considered the norm for dad to go off to work each morning while mom stays at home and takes care of the kids and tends to the home. But times are changing, and an increasing number of women are reaching financial parity with (and even out-earning) their male counterparts — and celebrity couples are no exception to the fiscal trend. From superstars such as Jennifer Lopez and Oprah Winfrey to reality queens Kris Jenner and Bethenny Frankel, more and more famous women are recognized as the money makers in their relationships. This article originally appeared at StyleCaster. Copyright 2012. Get Entertainment Emails & Alerts
Saturday, August 14th, 2010 Celina native Janice E. Dolfi, 74, of Naples, Fla., and formerly of Farmington, Avon and Easton, Conn., died Aug. 11, 2010, due to cancer. She was born Dec. 31, 1935, in Celina to Reuben and Roseann Amstutz. She married Sam Dolfi, who survives. Other survivors are three children, Lisa Dolfi Bell, Simsbury, Conn., Jeffrey Dolfi, Fishkill, N.Y., and Scott (Betsey) Dolfi, Fairfield, Conn.; a sister-in-law, Rose Kasal, Dillonvale; a brother-in-law, Nello (Wanda) Dolfi, Bloomingdale; and seven grandchildren. She taught hearing deficient students in the Cincinnati public school system. She graduated from Celina High School, attended Cincinnati Conservatory of Music and graduated from The Ohio State University in 1957 with a bachelor's degree in education, specializing in speech and hearing therapy. She was a member of Phi Mu Sorority, Sigma Alpha Eta, the women's auxiliary committee of the St. Vincent's Hospital, Bridgeport, Conn., the women's committee of Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford, Conn., and the garden clubs of Farmington and Glendale. Private graveside services will be held in Riverside Cemetery, Farmington. Memorials can be made to The American Cancer Society, Naples, Fla., or The Helen and Harry Gray Cancer Center Fund at Hartford Hospital, Hartford, Conn. Arrangements are being handled by The Ahern Funeral Homes. Additional obituaries for this date
Oxbow upsets Orb in Preakness “He don’t want any?” a man asked, considering jockeys usually shower their horses, too. Stevens shook his head from his perch atop Oxbow, the wire-to-wire winner of the 138th Preakness. “Ain’t even tired,” he said. Stevens, a 50-year-old grandfather who came out of a seven-year retirement at the beginning of the year, used a daring ride to clinch an anti-climatic second leg of the Triple Crown at Pimlico Race Course on Saturday. His win gave trainer D. Wayne Lukas, 77, a 14th win in Triple Crown races, setting a new record. His first one also came at Preakness, in 1980 with Codex. Asked if he appreciated this one more, Lukas said quickly, “Yes, yes, definitely. At 77, I do. Yes. The first one, I thought I was going to win quite a few more.” Oxbow ran the mile-and-three-sixteenths in 1:57.54 and never faced a serious challenge. He won by 13/4 lengths. Going off with 15-1 odds, he paid $32.80 on a $2 dollar bet to win, $12 to place and $6.80 to show. Itsmyluckyday was second ($7.80 and $5.00), and Mylute finished third ($5.20). Heavy favorite Orb, the Kentucky Derby winner, ended up being unable to overcome having to start along the rail. He began his move along the backstretch and briefly moved into third place, but jockey Joel Rosario could not swing out into open space. “I just think he got himself in a position where he wasn’t real comfortable,” Orb’s trainer Shug McGaughey said. “And without the pace scenario in front of him, where they weren’t spread out a little more, that probably affected him more than anything.” Orb was vying to become the 13th horse since 1978 to go to Belmont with a chance to become the 12th Triple Crown winner. Affirmed last achieved the feat in 1978. “I get paid to spoil dreams,” said Lukas, whose last Preakness winner, Charismatic, had won the Derby but finished third in the Belmont. Lukas had been tied for most wins in Triple Crown races with “Sunny” Jim Fitzsimmons, but he hadn’t won one since 2000. He never lost faith — or stopped entering his horses. His Will Take Charge finished seventh Saturday, while Titletown Five was ninth after moving ahead of Orb going into the second turn, which seemed to make the colt uncomfortable. “The thing about it is, you get up every day and look for that one that you maybe can do something with,” Lukas said. “As long as we’ve got something to work with, we’re going to be around.” Oxbow also returned Calumet Farm, the dominant racing outfit of the middle of last century, to the Triple Crown. The farm had produced eight Kentucky Derby winners from 1941 to 1968, including Triple Crown winners Whirlaway (1941) and Citation (1948), as well as seven previous Preakness winners. It campaigned Alydar, Affirmed’s chief rival, but has declined since then and was nearly lost to development in the early 1990s. It is now run by Brad Kelley, a billionaire who made his fortune in tobacco and is one of the top five landowners in the country, according to Forbes. He leases the 800-acre property from the Calumet Investment Group, which bought the farm for about $40 million last year. The members of the ownership group have not been named. Kelly did not attend the race, and he was represented by his daughter, Erin, who declined to speak with reporters beside a brief television interview after the race. “What a story this is,” Lukas said. “I’m happy for Gary and I’m just happy for Mr. Kelley. He’s trying to revitalize Calumet, and now Calument is back in a Classic race. That’s just very gratifying.” Stevens won his third Preakness; he’s also won the other two legs of the Triple Crown three times each. Though Lukas said he’d given Stevens no specific instructions except to react to the race in front of him, Oxbow’s two other wins had come after going to the lead early. In the Kentucky Derby, Stevens said Oxbow got closed off down the stretch but was “breathing fire” after crossing the finish line in sixth. That gave him confidence that Oxbow, a smallish bay colt bought as a yearling for $250,000, could handle the Preakness. As Stevens came around the turn, he thought his horse would tense due to late-closing challengers — the horse usually knows before the rider — but instead he went easily over the finish line. “I came into the stretch so loaded,” Stevens said. “I couldn’t believe that no one challenged me going into the far turn, but when no one did I said, ‘I think everybody’s in trouble right now.” Aching knees forced Stevens into retirement in 2005, and he worked as a racing analyst, jockey agent, trainer and actor. Spurred on by the success of 47-year-old friend Mike Smith, he began training late last year and dropped 25 pounds to come back. He teamed with Lukas — who saddled him for his first Triple Crown win, the 1988 Kentucky Derby — again as both faced questions about their fading careers. Lukas won the Belmont in 2000; Stevens won both the Preakness and Belmont in 2001. Stevens found early success in California this year, but he won just three races in the highly competitive Keenland meet leading into the Kentucky Derby. At Churchill Downs, he was shut out. “I thought maybe my business was lacking, maybe this was a mistake,” he said. “I’ve been questioning myself.” But Lukas felt good about Oxbow’s chances and relayed that message to Stevens, who did not arrive in Baltimore until late in the week. Lukas told reporters, too, that he wouldn’t be here if he didn’t think he could win. Each morning, Lukas hopped on his pony and accompanied his horses to the track. That has been his life since the 1970s, when he left a career as a teacher and basketball coach to get into the horse racing business. Divorced five times, he joked after the Preakness that it is impossible to hold a training licenses and marriage license at the same time. “Dedicate yourself completely to the game, and if you work, it will probably come,” he said. Lukas said he planned to take his horses back to Louisville on a van leaving Baltimore at 4:30 a.m. today, with only a few stops at Wendy’s planned along the way. Always tanned and appearing in crisply creased shirts and expensive boots, Lukas has said he has no plans of doing anything with his life but sticking to the routine he has kept for four decades. As he walked away from Stevens — whose comeback is now unlikely to sag as it did in Kentucky — Lukas raised a hand and said he’d be in touch. “I love you,” he said. Stevens said the same thing back. Our new comment system is not supported in IE 7. Please upgrade your browser here.
Riley on Cloyd: Our ability to serve receive and defend will be critical for the teams success ... expecting Amanda to take a large portion of the serve receive role in order to keep the team in system. 2005: Set the Virginia Tech single season record for digs with 536, an average of 4.87 per game as the starting libero ... Currently ranks fourth in Tech history in career digs ... Finished fourth in the ACC in digs per game ... Helped the Hokies finished fifth in the conference in digs (16.23 per game) ... Had double-digit dig totals in all but one game this season ... Totaled 20 or more digs on 12 occasions ... Had a season-high 28 digs against North Carolina, which ranks tied for fifth in the Tech record book ... Against UC Irvine, had 27 digs, two assists and two service aces ... Totaled 25 digs and one assist against Duke ... Second on the team with 20 service aces ... Had two service aces on three occasions (UC Irvine, NC State, Miami) ... Third on the team with 31 assists ... Recorded a season-high three assists at Georgia Tech, with one kill, one service ace and 15 digs ... Had a kill in six different games. 2004: Athletic freshman, who stepped in immediately as a rookie and made an impact ... One of four players to see court time in all 110 games for Virginia Tech ... Started all 29 matches at libero ... Set a new Tech record for digs in a match with 35 against North Carolina ... Led the Hokies with 478 digs for the season ... Finished the season ranked seventh in the Atlantic Coast Conference for digs per game in overall matches (4.35) and conference matches (4.68) ... Totaled 20 or more digs in seven matches ... Had double-digit dig totals in 27 of Tech's 29 matches ... Opened the season with a career-high five assists versus Ohio ... Second on the team with 31 service aces ... Totaled a career-high three service aces twice in her rookie campaign ... Notched two or more service aces in six matches ... Her total of 478 digs is the fourth best single-season total in Tech school history. High School: Broke the school kill record during her senior year at Yorktown High ... Named the team's most valuable player two straight years ... Named all-county, all-conference, all-area (Muncie, Ind.) and all-state for two consecutive years ... a four-year starter at outside hitter ... Led her team to the 2003 Hoosier Heritage Conference championship ... Five-year starter on the Munciana Open club team ... An all-state academic selection and received the Yorktown academic excellence award. Personal: Amanda N. Cloyd was born April 15, 1986, in Muncie, Ind. ... Is the daughter of Greg and Barb Cloyd ... Has one sibling, a younger brother, Brandyn ... Enrolled in human nutrition, foods and exercise.
hat - Goorin Bros floral shirt - c/o Sosie sweater - Loft boyfriend jeans - Madewell hot pink heels - c/o Rachel Roy Miku (!!!) mini nameplate necklace - c/o BaubleBar Rebecca Minkoff quilted swing bag - Confederacy Eventually, I will do an actual photo tour of my apartment. You can catch a glimpse of the bare bones here and here, but it's come a long way since then and is starting to feel like an actual home. It takes me a long while to get settled in, partially because I'm horribly unorganized, but also because I'm picky about my stuff. I don't have expensive taste; it's actually quite the opposite. I adore found items, hand-me-downs, and everything ancient. Almost everything in my apartment is old, down to the brick walls that house them. My furniture and decor are all from my mom's consignment shop, flea markets, Brimfield, thrift shops, the side of the road. Barely any of the furniture was bought new, save for my bed frames and sofa - which will eventually be replaced by something ancient and full of history. I'll save the rest of my stories for when I have actual photos with which to display them, and keep to the two pieces you see here. The large trunk beneath was Bobby's grandfather's, and the one on top was given to us when we lived at our first Brooklyn apartment. We lived in an area surrounded by warehouses, and one of them housed vintage stuff for a flea market seller. When he closed up shop, he gave us a 50s kitchen table, antique chairs, this trunk, and several vintage odds and ends that we still have today. At the time, I was broke, broke, broke, so it was like a dream come true. Actually, it would be a dream come true even if I was the richest gal in the world. Give me millions of dollars and I will still take the old over the new. I got that from my mama.
Ideal for comfort, the Neo Power Bib utilizes compression in order to achieve comfort. Power + LYCRA® is muscle supportive and facilitates muscle movement to offer the ultimate performance. Color stitching and accents provide a racer look. There is a cult in cycling. A spawning of athletes unwilling to put their bikes up for the season. Their lives co-exist with riding come rain or come shine. Their needs require details woven with simplicity. A pratical approach for a relentless breed of riders.
Welcome to TalkBass, the Premier Bass Player Community and Information Source. Register a 100% Free Account to post and unlock tons of features. Discussion in 'Basses [BG]' started by Lesfunk, Apr 10, 2014. Man that's sweet! They make a real nice feelin neck, hadn't heard this new gen stuff, but it's real purdy Log in or Sign up to hide this ad and more. The new gen stuff is very nice. IMO the quality exceeds the price point. I didn't have GAS for them before but I do now. It's interesting how many custom basses from $1-5000 ranges come with the same $15 bridge I bought on eBay.... came back today to peek... I still think it's sweet This particular bass isn't custom at all but the bridge is pretty good. 15 buck on ebay sounds like a good deal. I saw some hipshot A copies for 15 bucks too. I wonder how they perform? Separate names with a comma.
FiltersShow / Hide - All Events - Theatre & Shows - Days Out - Anywhere In The UK - Location: Anywhere in the UK Radius: ... miles Sorry - no tickets available Call 0844 412 4642 to speak to the Ents24 team calls cost 6p per min plus standard network charges Ents24 have been trusted online since 1999 Ents24 is proud to be… - The UK's most popular independent ticketing website. - Trusted by entertainment fans since 1999. - An easy and safe place to buy tickets for thousands of shows. Billy Smart's Circus "This all human performance will include a fantastic Australian flying trapeze act which has been the toast of the circus world and Desiree's hand balancing act in which she fires a bow and arrow - with her feet! We also have acrobats, jugglers, breath-taking aerialists and even a fireman who works his routine on a flaming ladder. Tickets available from www.billy-smarts-circus.co.uk Ticket & Information Line - 0844 4155 228 Box office open on site from Mon 13th May 10am - 8pm daily" Info provided by the Event Organiser Track this event - Event has been added to your calendar - Any important updates will be sent to your email address - Add to your personal Ents24 calendar - Sync with iCal, Outlook and others - Receive important updates Venue: St Peter's Preston Park BN1 6HN 50.837700, -0.143619 → London Road 7 min walk → Brighton London Road 7 min walk
| || | In Case You Aren't Hibernating... January 4, 2013 - Jim Price It’s generally acknowledged in the live music and bar venue business that the busiest night of the year is usually Thanksgiving Eve, the Wednesday night before Thanksgiving. That is when more people tend to be out and about frequenting venues, and more venues stage live music performances. I have no facts or figures to back this up, but based on my own observations over a quarter-century of covering the area live music scene, it seems that among the slowest nights of the year tend to be the first weekend in January immediately following the New Year’s holiday. People are generally burned out after the holidays, and venues are catching their collective breaths after the holiday season, which is often a busier time of the year for business. Thus there's usually not much going on. And so it goes that this weekend’s live music happenings are a little thin, with only a few performances taking place around the area. But it is activity nonetheless, so if you haven’t done so already, put that New Year’s resolution to support live music into action and get out to catch a show! Among this weekend's options...For connoisseurs of the heavier-rocking arts, Aldo’s hosts a pounding metal/punk/hardcore triple-bill on Saturday night, featuring the tenacious and volatile NailDriver, the driving punk of Up Your Arsenal and the brutal-edged sounds of Williamsburg quintet Assault Method. If pounding the dance floor is your thing, those veteran northeastern PA party stalwarts the Giants Of Science return to the 4D’s Lounge this Saturday night. Frequent flyers on the 4D’s stage, the Giants reliably generate the party with their upbeat mixture of pop and rock song favorites, with an emphasis on ‘80s-era pop/rock. Through various incarnations, the Giants Of Science have consistently been doing their thing since 1995. And you just never know when the urge will again strike this group, and they decide to break out their legendary facepaints and white labcoats! Altoona party trio 7th Gear also will provide ample reasons to dance at the Belmar Hotel this Saturday night. The seasoned trio of singer/guitarist Brendon Burns, bassist Kelly Montgomery and drummer Randy Servello keeps the beat and mood up with their wide-ranging mixture of current and classic rock and party song favorites. If you wish to chase your daytime skiing or snowtubing fun at Blue Knob Ski Resort with some post-skiing live music, the Blue Knob Clubhouse has you covered throughout ski season. This weekend, The Backyard Rockers provide acoustic fun Friday evening, while R2B2 brings the full band party excitement on Saturday night. If colder temperatures and the slight prospects of mountaintop snow showers won’t dissuade you from exploring live music activity in the nearby higher elevations this Saturday night, Cambria County rocking party favorites Locked and Loaded bring raucous good times to Clair’s Ashville Inn in Ashville, Williamsburg hard-hitters Saving Jake provide the dance floor fun at Magoo’s in Cresson, and Altoona guitar legend John McKelvey and A.X.E. light up the stage of Ebensburg’s Castle Pub. John’s bow-on-strings display on Led Zeppelin’s “Whole Lotta Love” has to be seen to be believed! And for fans of acoustic sounds, Born & the Beanstalk is in action this Friday night at Bellwood’s Celtic Knot (formerly RJ’s Tavern). And Disorganized Crime – featuring singer/guitarist Rick Ramsey and hand percussionist Ed Hofer – entertain in Ebensburg this weekend at Jay’s Place on Saturday night and the Castle Pub on Sunday night. So while a limited slate this weekend, live music is still there for the enjoyment…Support it, and if you plan on partying hardy, designate a driver! Here is a full listing for live music on area stages this weekend and the coming week: AnEmergencyScene presents Post Season, The Tried and True, Crash City, Forbearance, SPRRWS and Brittany Morganrose at Archway Center, Altoona (all ages, starts 5 p.m.) Stephen Johnopolos at Raphael’s Steakhouse, Altoona (starts 6:30 p.m.) Born & the Beanstalk at the Celtic Knot, Bellwood (starts 7 p.m.) Felix & the Hurricanes at the Heidelberg Club, Altoona - CANCELLED The Backyard Rockers at Blue Knob Clubhouse, Blue Knob Ski Resort (starts 8:30 p.m.) Doug Whitfield at Raphael’s Steakhouse, Altoona (starts 6:30 p.m.) NailDriver, Up Your Arsenal and Assault Method at Aldo’s, Altoona 7th Gear at Belmar Hotel, Altoona Giants Of Science at 4D’s Lounge, Altoona R2B2 at Blue Knob Clubhouse, Blue Knob Ski Resort Locked and Loaded at Clair’s Ashville Inn, Ashville Saving Jake at Magoo’s, Cresson A.X.E. at Castle Pub, Ebensburg Disorganized Crime at Jay’s Place, Ebensburg Felix & the Hurricanes at Shaw’s Bar, Altoona Disorganized Crime at Castle Pub, Ebensburg Ty Ayers (acoustic) at 4D’s Lounge, Altoona 7th Gear at 4D’s Lounge (upstairs), Altoona Open Mic/Jam Night at Pellegrine’s, Altoona (starts 9 p.m.) Open Mic/Jam Night at Mug Shots, Gallitzin (starts 8 p.m.) Steve Summerhill at Jethro’s, Altoona (starts 7 p.m.) Born & the Beanstalk at Belmar Hotel, Altoona (More shows may be added to this list as information becomes available. Feel free to check back.) To report additional shows or corrections to this listing, email information to email@example.com. NailDriver, performing during the Jeff Wallack Memorial Show at Pellegrine's last April. NailDriver headlines a hard-hitting triple-bill at Aldo's this Saturday night.
Created on Thursday, 04 April 2013 19:54 Image: Asif Mohiuddin. Source: The Daily Star Links to this page in languages other than English: Za članak na hrvatskom pritisnite ovdje Diese Seite auf Deutsch Atheist Alliance International (AAI) urges global governments to petition the government of Bangladesh to immediately release bloggers who have been arrested for allegedly "hurting religious sentiments” and, further, to demand that the state take resolute steps to protect atheists and religious minorities from real and pressing threats of violence. On 2 April, police arrested Subrata Adhikari Shuvo, Mashiur Rahman Biplob and Rasel Parvez. The following day, authorities detained blogger Asif Mohiuddin, a writer who was attacked on 13 January by militant Islamists. The attack on Asif was followed a month later by the violent murder of blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider. “That a government will arrest people for exercising free speech and expression when those people are themselves under threat from religiously-inspired criminals is a tremendous injustice and an outrage to humanity,” said AAI President Carlos A. Diaz. "This is contrary to basic human rights and Bangladesh's own constitution." The arrests of the bloggers, three of whom were paraded in handcuffs at a press conference on 2 April, came after pressure from Islamists, who have organised a march to the capital on the weekend of 6/7 April to demand the death penalty for atheist bloggers. “That the government has caved-in to a violent sectarian movement, by arrests and shutting of websites, does not bode well for the country’s future,” Diaz said. “The state should act to ensure a vibrant civil society by protecting free expression, especially the expression of minority viewpoints.” AAI calls on the international community, concerned individuals and organisations to take a firm stand in supporting freedom of expression and freedom of conscience. Religious tolerance and pluralism are strongest when freedom of expression, including freedom to challenge religious viewpoints, is protected for all peoples. Please contact the Bangladesh Embassy in your country to express your outrage at this situation and call for the bloggers to be freed and their personal safety protected. You can contact the Bangladesh embassy in the US here. AAI's letter to the US embassy is below: Dear Ambassador Qader I am writing to express my serious concern at the arrest of four atheist bloggers in Bangladesh - Subrata Adhikari Shuvo, Mashiur Rahman Biplob, Rasel Parvez and Asif Mohiuddin. As I expect you are aware, these arrests follow the murder of blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider in February. Bangladesh has a responsibility to protect the freedom and safety of its citizens. These men have been arrested for nothing more than expressing their lack of religious belief. Whether you agree with their views or not, they are citizens of your country and human beings. The deserve the basic human rights of self expression and personal safety, no matter who agrees or disagrees with them. I urge you to act to free these men immediately and work to ensure that Bangladesh is a country where people can be free to be religious or not as they choose, without fear for their personal safety. AAI has released a media statement on this issue, which you may read at its website, atheistalliance.org. Carlos A. Diaz Atheist Alliance International Will you help AAI reach more people by translating this article into a language other than English? If so, thank you! Please click here for a translation form. About Atheist Alliance International Atheist Alliance International (AAI) is a global alliance of atheist/freethought groups and individuals, committed to educating its members and the public about atheism, secularism and related issues. Atheist Alliance International's vision is a secular world where public policy, scientific inquiry and education are not influenced by religious beliefs, but based upon sound reasoning, rationality and evidence. Atheist Alliance International's mission is to challenge and confront religious faith, to strengthen global atheism by promoting the growth and interaction of atheist/freethought organisations around the world and to undertake international educational and advocacy projects. Carlos A. Diaz President, Atheist Alliance International t: +54 9 11 5061 4091 languages: English, Spanish, French, German, Portuguese
TOPEKA, Kan. (2/26/08)--Kansas credit union supporters answered the last questions of a Senate subcommittee Friday in response to SB 535, a bill introduced by the Kansas Banking Association (KBA) that would change how credit unions are regulated and whom they can serve. The subcommittee will begin work on the bill Wednesday. The bill or a modified bill would then proceed to the full Senate Financial Institutions and Insurance Committee for consideration, said the Kansas Credit Union Association (KCUA). In a press release, KCUA said it could only speculate about the specific impacts the banker-backed bill will have on the state's credit union industry but added the bill is clearly directed at reducing consumer access to Kansas credit unions. "At this time, the process is in full swing, and we have placed our faith in the legislative process in Kansas," said Jerel Wright, assistant vice president of governmental and public affairs at KCUA. "We are asking that legislators make the right decision for credit unions and consumers in Kansas." If the bill were passed without revisions, it would fundamentally change the way Kansas credit unions have operated and been regulated over the past 80 years. It also would dramatically increase the regulatory burden placed on state-chartered credit unions by requiring extensive public notification and appeals processes for branching, merging and field of membership changes, said KCUA. "In effect, this bill would effectively eliminate the benefits of being a Kansas-chartered credit union because the bill adopts federal law regarding field of membership and state banking law for branching and mergers," said KCUA. "This is truly a consumer issue, and consumers should have the right to choose where they conduct their financial business," said Marla Marsh, president/CEO of KCUA. "When consumers are facing an economic and credit crisis, would we want to restrict or constrict access to a consumer-friendly alternative?" Marsh asked.
i went because my class ended up being 45 minutes instead of 3 hours.i saw and said hi to a bunch of ya'll. too crowded.seriously,how did that line move SO slow?and for half a donut?how long does it take to pick up half a donut? It wasn't a real line, it was more of a shmooze. People were just chilling and getting to the doughnuts sooner or later. I tried a root beer and really liked it. I thought I saw Mumbles, too! But wasn't 100% sure and didn't want to be the weirdo from the Internet saying hi to the wrong person. The crowd was insane. I was impressed with the cats' behavior.
Individual differences | Methods | Statistics | Clinical | Educational | Industrial | Professional items | World psychology | AIDS dementia complex (ADC; also known as HIV dementia, HIV encephalopathy and HIV-associated dementia) has become a common neurological disorder associated with HIV infection and AIDS. It is is a metabolic encephalopathy induced by HIV infection and fueled by immune activation of brain macrophages and microglia. These cells are actively infected with HIV and secrete neurotoxins of both host and viral origin. The essential features of ADC are disabling cognitive impairment accompanied by motor dysfunction, speech problems and behavioural change. Cognitive impairment is characterised by mental slowness, trouble with memory and poor concentration. Motor symptoms include a loss of fine motor control leading to clumsiness, poor balance and tremors. Behavioural changes may include apathy, lethargy and diminished emotional responses and spontaneity. Histopathologically, it is identified by the infiltration of monocytes and macrophages into the central nervous system (CNS), gliosis, pallor of myelin sheaths, abnormalities of dendritic processes and neuronal apoptosis. ADC typically occurs after years of HIV infection and is associated with low CD4+ T cell levels and high plasma viral loads. It is sometimes seen as the first sign of the onset of AIDS. Prevalence is between 10-20% in Western countries and has only been seen in 1-2% of India based infections. With the advent of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART), the frequency of ADC has declined in developed countries. HAART may not only prevent or delay the onset of ADC in people with HIV infection, it can also improve mental function in people who already have ADC. Dementia only exists when neurocognitive impairment in the patient is severe enough to interfere markedly with day-to-day function. That is, the patient is typically unable to work and may not be able to take care of him or herself. Before this, the patient is said to have a mild neurocognitive disorder. - Marked acquired impairment of at least two ability domains of cognitive function (e.g. memory, attention): typically, the impairment is in multiple domains, especially in learning, information processing and concentration/attention. The cognitive impairment is ascertained by medical history, mental status examination or neuropsychological testing. - Cognitive impairments identified in 1. interfere markedly with day-to-day functioning. - Cognitive impairments identified in 1. are present for at least one month. - Cognitive impairments identified in 1. do not meet the criteria for delirium, or if delirium is present, dementia was diagnosed when delirium was not present. - No evidence of another, pre-existing aetiology that could explain the dementia (e.g. another CNS infection, CNS neoplasm, cerebrovascular disease, pre-existing neurological disease, severe substance abuse compatible with CNS disorder. While the progression of dysfunction is variable, it is regarded as a serious complication and, untreated, can progress to a fatal outcome. Diagnosis is made by neurologists who carefully rule out alternative diagnoses. This routinely requires a careful neurological examination, brain scans (MRI or CT scan) and a lumbar puncture to evaluate the cerebrospinal fluid. No single test is available to confirm the diagnosis, but the constellation of history, laboratory findings, and examination can reliably establish the diagnosis when performed by experienced clinicians. The amount of virus in the brain does not correlate well with the degree of dementia, suggesting that secondary mechanisms are also important in the manifestation of ADC. AIDS Dementia Complex (ADC) is not a true opportunistic infection. It is one of the few conditions caused directly by HIV itself. But it is not quite as simple as that because the central nervous system can be damaged by a number of other causes: - opportunistic infections - there are many - Primary cerebral lymphoma or metastasis of other AIDS-related cancers - direct effects of HIV in the brain - toxic effects of drug treatments Many researchers believe that HIV damages the vital brain cells, neurons, indirectly. According to one theory, HIV either infects or activates cells that nurture and maintain the brain, known as macrophages and microglia. These cells then produce toxins that can set off a series of reactions that instruct neurons to kill themselves. The infected macrophages and microglia also appear to produce additional factors chemokines and cytokines - that can affect neurons as well as other brain cells known as astrocytes. The affected astrocytes, which normally nurture and protect neurons, also may now end up harming neurons. Researchers hope that new drugs under investigation will interfere with the detrimental cycle and prevent neuron death. ADC stage characteristicsEdit - Stage 0 (Normal) Normal Mental and Motor Function - Stage 0.5 (Subclinical) Minimal symptoms of cognitive or motor dysfunction characteristic of ADC, or mild signs (snout response, slowed extremity movements), but without impairment of work or capacity to perform activities of daily living (ADL). Gait and strength are normal. - Stage 1 (Mild) Evidence of functional intellectual or motor impairment characteristic of ADC, but able to perform all but the more demanding aspects of work or ADL. Can walk without assistance. - Stage 2 (Moderate) Cannot work or maintain the more demanding aspects of daily life, but able to perform basic activities of self care. Ambulatory, but may require a single prop. - Stage 3 (Severe) Major intellectual incapacity - cannot follow news or personal events, cannot sustain complex conversation, considerable slowing of all output. And/or motor disability - cannot walk unassisted, requiring walker or personal support, usually with slowing and clumsiness of arms as well. - Stage 4 (End Stage) Nearly vegetative. Intellectual and social comprehension and responses are at a rudimentary level. Nearly or absolutely mute. Paraparetic or paraplegic with double incontinence. References and notesEdit - ↑ 1.0 1.1 Gray, F., Adle-Biassette, H., Chrétien, F., Lorin de la Grandmaison, G., Force, G., Keohane, C. (2001). Neuropathology and neurodegeneration in human immunodeficiency virus infection. Pathogenesis of HIV-induced lesions of the brain, correlations with HIV-associated disorders and modifications according to treatments. Clin. Neuropathol. 20 (4): 146-155. PMID 11495003. - ↑ Adle-Biassette, H., Lévy, Y., Colombel, M., Poron, F., Natchev, S., Keohane, C. and Gray, F. (1995). Neuronal apoptosis in HIV infection in adults. Neuropathol. Appl. Neurobiol. 21 (3): 218-227. PMID 7477730. - ↑ Grant, I., Sacktor, H., and McArthur, J. (2005). "HIV neurocognitive disorders" H. E. Gendelman, I. Grant, I. Everall, S. A. Lipton, and S. Swindells. (ed.) The Neurology of AIDS, 2nd, 357-373, London, U.K.: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-852610-5. - ↑ Satishchandra, P., Nalini, A., Gourie-Devi, M., Khanna, N., Santosh, V., Ravi, V., Desai, A., Chandramuki, A., Jayakumar, P. N., and Shankar, S. K. (2000). Profile of neurologic disorders associated with HIV/AIDS from Bangalore, south India (1989-96). Indian J. Med. Res. 11: 14-23. PMID 10793489. - ↑ Wadia, R. S., Pujari, S. N., Kothari, S., Udhar, M., Kulkarni, S., Bhagat, S., and Nanivadekar, A. (2001). Neurological manifestations of HIV disease. J. Assoc. Physicians India 49: 343-348. PMID 11291974. - ↑ Grant, I., Atkinson, J. (1995). "Psychiatric aspects of acquired immune deficiency syndrome." Kaplan, H.I. and Sadock, B.J. (ed.) Comprehensive textbook of psychiatry, VI, (Vol.2, Sect. 29.2) 1644-1669, Baltimore, MD: Williams and Wilkins. ISBN 0-683-04532-6. - Price, R.W. (1998). AIDS Dementia Complex. University of California San Francisco. URL accessed on 2006-04-06. HIV/AIDS related topics HIV · AIDS · HIV structure and genome · HIV test · CDC Classification System for HIV Infection · HIV disease progression rates · HIV vaccine · WHO Disease Staging System for HIV Infection and Disease · AIDS dementia complex · Antiretroviral drug · Tuberculosis (coinfection) International AIDS Conference · International AIDS Society · World AIDS Day · Treatment Action Campaign · UNAIDS · PEPFAR · NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt · HIV and AIDS misconceptions · List of HIV-positive people · People With AIDS Self-Empowerment Movement · HIV–positive fictional characters |AIDS pandemic in|| Sub-Saharan Africa (in South Africa • Uganda) · Asia (in China • India • Myanmar • Pakistan • Taiwan • Japan) · in Latin America (in Brazil) · Caribbean · Eastern Europe and Central Asia (in Russia) · Western Europe · United States · List of countries by HIV/AIDS adult prevalence rate |This page uses Creative Commons Licensed content from Wikipedia (view authors).|
NBA Game Summary - Utah at Atlanta| (Friday, January 11th) Final Score: Atlanta 103, Utah 95 Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - Devin Harris poured in a season-high 24 points to lead the Atlanta Hawks to a 103-95 win over the Utah Jazz on Friday at Harris, who returned to the lineup on Wednesday after missing 11 games with a right foot injury, went 7-for-8 from the field and 4-for-5 from behind the arc to help the Hawks snap a four-game skid. Josh Smith had 15 points, 10 rebounds and six assists, Lou Williams dropped in 14 points and Ivan Johnson added 13 off the bench for Atlanta. "It was one of our top games of the year. Obviously, coming off the losing streak, the way guys responded is something we need to do moving forward," Harris said. "We have to give credit to our bench, they really helped us out and played with a lot of energy." Randy Foye dropped in 25 points, Al Jefferson had 23 points and 10 rebounds and Paul Millsap donated 20 points to go with 13 boards and five assists for the Jazz, who had won four of their last five entering the contest. "Once you get up 15 (points) you can't stop doing what you were doing to get you that lead," said Utah coach Tyrone Corbin. "We got away from it, we thought the game was over." Utah led 63-51 midway through the third quarter and used a 12-9 swing to go up 75-60 with 3 1/2 minutes left, but the visitors scored just one point the rest of the frame. John Jenkins buried a 3-ball and three straight steals led to a 5-0 surge from the Hawks, cutting the deficit to 75-68. Hayward sunk a free throw following a defensive three second call on Johnson to send the Jazz into the final 12 minutes leading 76-68. Atlanta used a 14-4 run to pull within 82-80 with 7:21 remaining in the fourth. Jamaal Tinsley buried a triple to put Utah up 85-80, but the Hawks scored five straight, capped off with a Harris trey, to knot things up at 85. The teams traded blows from there until Johnson's circus layup with 1 1/2 minutes to go put the Hawks up 96-94. Al Horford grabbed a Milsap miss, passed it to Harris who turned and fired a beautiful cross-court pass to Johnson, who threw the ball up as he was falling to the floor. The ball rolled to the back of the rim, but dropped in to give the Hawks the lead for good. A Tinsley free throw made it 96-95, but Smith's fadeaway, followed by a Williams trey, sealed it up for Atlanta. Harris' free throws with 23.5 ticks left accounted for the final margin. Foye poured in 15 points in the first to stake the Jazz with a 25-22 lead after the first 12 minutes. An 8-4 surge in the opening minutes of the second stanza gave the Hawks a 31-29 lead, but Utah countered with a 12-8 push to go up 43-39 with just under four minutes left in the half. Horford's hook shot a minute later made it a two-point game, but the Jazz scored four straight to push their spread to 47-41. Smith found Horford on a fast break alley-oop, but the Hawks couldn't cash in on a pair of opportunities in the final minute and went into the break down 47-43. Horford and Pachulia finished with 12 points apiece ... The Hawks shot 55.6 percent (4-for-72) from the floor and went 9-for-19 from 3-point range ... Atlanta outscored Utah, 52-44, in the pain ... The Jazz turned it over 17 times leading to 23 points for the Hawks ... Gordon Hayward had 12 points in 01/11 22:32:35 ET
Esa-Pekka Salonen and the Philharmonia Orchestra Bring Berg's Wozzeck to Walt Disney Concert Hall, 11/13 LA Phil Conductor Laureate Esa-Pekka Salonen returns to Walt Disney Concert Hall with the Philharmonia Orchestra, Tuesday, November 13, at 8 pm. The special one-night-only performance presents Alban Berg's operatic masterpiece of musical Expressionism, Wozzeck. The composer adapted the libretto from an incomplete 19th-century play's unordered scenes, and created important roles for the orchestra as well as the singers: onstage there is a marching band for a military parade and a boozy dance band – including guitar, accordion and a deliberately out-of-tune upright piano – for the tavern scene. The international cast includes German soprano Angela Denoke as Marie, the role she sang in her Salzburg Festival debut. This is the first time Wozzeck has been performed at Walt Disney Concert Hall. Esa-Pekka Salonen commenced his fifth season as Principal Conductor and Artistic Advisor of the Philharmonia Orchestra in the 2012/13 season. He has held the title of Conductor Laureate of the Los Angeles Philharmonic since 2009, after 17 seasons at its helm as Music Director. Salonen's artistic collaboration with the Philharmonia Orchestra has been dominated by landmark multi-disciplinary festivals, exploring the music of key 20th-century composers and musical movements in their widest possible cultural, social and historical context. The 2012/2013 season will see Salonen appear in more than 30 cities worldwide with the Philharmonia Orchestra, with projects including a Beethoven Symphony Cycle and a focus on the works of his mentor Witold Lutos?awski, marking the centenary of the composer's birth. The Philharmonia Orchestra is one of the world's great orchestras. Acknowledged as the UK's foremost musical pioneer, with an extraordinary recording legacy, the Philharmonia leads the field for its quality of playing, and for its innovative approach to audience development, residencies, music education and the use of new technologies in reaching a global audience. Together with its relationships with the world's most sought-after artists, most importantly its Principal Conductor and Artistic Advisor Esa-Pekka Salonen, the Philharmonia Orchestra is at the heart of British musical life. Today, the Philharmonia has the greatest claim of any orchestra to be the UK's national orchestra. It is committed to presenting the same quality, live music making in venues throughout the country as it brings to London and the great concert halls of the world. The Orchestra's extensive touring schedule this season also includes a Beethoven Cycle at the Bonn Beethovenfest (October), a tour of the U.S. featuring a three-concert residency at Berkeley, California and performances at Walt Disney Concert Hall, and Lincoln Center, (November); and a tour to Japan (February), all conducted by Esa-Pekka Salonen. The concert concludes the LA Phil's Visiting Orchestras series for the 2012/13 season. Both concerts of the LA Phil's Visiting Orchestras series this season were led by former LA Phil Music Directors – the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra led by Zubin Mehta and featuring Yuja Wang appeared in October.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Begin by placing the duck breast side up on a baking rack. Season with the salt and pepper, and roast until the juices run barely pink, about 45 minutes. Remove the duckling from the pan and set it aside. Degrease the pan drippings by skimming off the top layer. To prepare the sauce, combine the sugar and water and caramelize carefully. Add the wine, vinegar, orange juice and ginger. Mix them well and reduce by half. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Add the pan drippings, reduce the heat and simmer until sauce reduces by half. Once sauce is done, strain it through a cheesecloth or fine strainer and set aside. To serve, place the duckling on a large serving tray. Add the orange segments on top and around the duck, and pour the sauce over the duck.
Update: We were asked to take down the photo of Drew, so enjoy this pic of her and Will having lunch, presumably pre-pregnancy. Thanks to the pervasive world of celebrity and reality TV, we’re used to being intensely involved in stars’ pregnancies and births: The first photos published in People, the agonizing process of choosing a name, the subsequent babies. But it’s rare that we see something so intimate as a first sonogram… which seems to be what we’ve stumbled up on with newly-engaged Drew Barrymore. TMZ caught these photos of Drew and fiancé Will Kopelman leaving a doctor’s office in Beverly Hills, and she’s clearly clutching a sonogram. Not to mention the usual detail that either the wind blew her shirt a certain direction, or her belly’s definitely swollen. Her reps would only say, “No comment,” but that’s not a denial. Drew — who turns 37 today — told InStyle in 2006 that family is certainly on her mind. “I definitely feel the beginnings of a tick tock,” she said. “Whether I have children or adopt, whatever form a family comes in, I would absolutely love to have it.” So, if this news is true, hopefully Drew is ready to share it with the world. And if so, congrats to the happy couple!
GRAND RAPIDS, MI – One of two men accused of using bicycles as get-away vehicles for home break-ins has decided to make a deal that includes testifying against his alleged partner. Damone Rashawn Hammock pleaded guilty Thursday, March 20, in Kent County Circuit Court to conspiracy to commit home invasion stemming from the June 16 break-in of a garage in the 8000 block of North Division Avenue NW in Alpine Township. Police say 36-year-old Hammock was joined in his endeavors by 31-year-old Brandon Alan Cook. Kent County Sheriff’s Department investigators believe the pair is responsible for at least three break-ins in the area accessible via bicycle in Alpine Township, but they have only been charged with one count. Hammock was offered a plea deal that would dismiss a first-degree home invasion charge, a 15-year felony, in exchange for the defendant pleading guilty to conspiracy and agree to testify in the trial of Cook scheduled for April 24. Hammock also was originally charged as a repeat offender, which could have increased his potential sentence. He now faces a likely minimum sentence of between three and five years, according to court records. During his plea hearing before Judge Paul Sullivan, Hammock, who said the highest grade he completed was ninth, claimed he acted as a lookout as Cook broke into the garage of the occupied home looking to steal items therein. Hammock is scheduled to be sentenced on April 22. Both defendants remain in the Kent County Jail.
In order to increase the flexibility of the APPA, we have altered the way you link to team rosters. Directly linking by the APPA Roster ID number is no longer possible. Please use the navigation links to browse to the event you are playing. To directly link to a roster, use the link provided below the team name on their roster page. If you encounter any errors relating to viewing rosters, please send an e-mail to email@example.com.
Sort By: Newest first | Oldest first Wagenaar v Weekend Travel Ltd and Serradj highlights the importance of costs consideration for defendants in personal injury claims. Shoosmiths partner and regulatory specialist Ron Reid answers questions on health and safety received from more than 1,200 viewers. The Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) has handed down judgment on two appeal cases brought by companies contesting the level of fines each received. There are dozens of deaths and more than 40,000 injuries each year related to the use of machines.
view full screen Bi-Stretch Bootcut Pant Out of Stock Clean-tailored pants made with an ultra-comfortable bi-stretch cotton twill that retains its shape wear after wear. 94% Cotton, 6% Spandex. Machine wash, cold; tumble dry low. Imported. - Our universal fit. Eased through the hip and thigh, sits just below the waist with a modern bootcut leg. - Pieced tab waistband with two rhodium-finish buttons and anchor button. Zip front. Belt loops. Trimmed Continental front pockets. Hip darts in back. Welt back pockets; logo plaque. - Unlined. Satin-piped waistband facing. - Inseams: regular 33", short 30.5", long 35". Read more… Read less…
Higher age for Medicare would save $100 billion People ages 65 and older could pay an extra $2,000 for health insurance if they're excluded from Medicare, the federal health-care program for the elderly, according to the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation. Other government and private health plans would see costs rise as would-be Medicare recipients seek care elsewhere. The proposal, which President Obama in a Bloomberg interview signaled a willingness to consider in talks over a deficit-reduction deal, would fail to address Medicare's more pressing fiscal issues. These include the high cost of providing end-of-life care, said Paul Keckley, executive director of the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions in Washington. Raising the eligibility age is "math that works very well for reducing the federal outlay for Medicare," Keckley said. "It doesn't mean costs will go away. It'll be someone else's problem." House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, proposed the increase as part of a potential accord to stave off more than $600 billion in tax increases and spending cuts slated to begin next month. Obama said in a Tuesday interview with Bloomberg Television that while he has his own ideas on reducing entitlement spending, "I'm happy to entertain other ideas Republicans may present." The Boehner proposal is only viable because the elderly have alternative sources of insurance under Obama's 2010 health- care overhaul, said economist Paul Van de Water of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities in Washington. "It's clear no Democrat would be even willing to think about this idea without health reform," Van de Water said. Medicare's eligibility age, 65, hasn't been increased since the program began in 1966. That's fueled complaints that it hasn't kept pace with increases in longevity. People turning 65 in 1940 could expect to live another 14 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office. They can expect an additional 20 years today. "We're living longer, right?" said Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C. "We haven't updated the law to reflect that." Congress agreed in 1983 to increase the retirement age for full Social Security benefits to 67, a change that doesn't take complete effect until 2022. Seniors would accept a similar gradual alteration to Medicare, Republicans say. The savings to the federal budget would depend on how much the age is lifted and how quickly. While Boehner's proposal doesn't offer specifics, House Republicans called for increasing eligibility to age 67 in their fiscal 2013 budget. Medicare spending would be cut $148 billion over a decade if eligibility increased two months each year to age 67 in 2027. Savings to the government would accumulate slowly as Medicare began paying benefits to fewer people. The Treasury would collect more in Medicare payroll taxes because many seniors previously eligible for the program would keep working instead, to retain their health insurance. By 2035, the change would reduce projected Medicare spending by 5 percent, according to the CBO. Government spending would increase elsewhere as many erstwhile Medicare beneficiaries became eligible for other health-care programs. Some would join Medicaid, the federal- state insurance program for the poor. Others would receive subsidies to buy private coverage under Obama's health-care overhaul, the Affordable Care Act. That would reduce the federal government's net savings to $113 billion, the CBO said. The number of uninsured people would rise, Keckley said, because some seniors would forgo purchasing insurance and wouldn't be eligible for Medicaid, particularly in states that decline to expand that program. Two-thirds of seniors would see their health-care bills climb by $2,200 if lawmakers immediately raised the age to 67, according to a study last year by the Kaiser Family Foundation of Menlo Park, Calif. Employers' costs would grow by about $4.5 billion, Kaiser said, because their health plans would cover more elderly workers with health problems. Former Congressional Budget Office Director Douglas Holtz- Eakin said that shouldn't be a concern. "I don't see why it's a presumption that the federal government should pay for everyone's health care," said Holtz- Eakin, a one-time adviser to President George W. Bush. "The real cost shift is when people go on Medicare and make everybody else pay for their health care." The proposal would squeeze spending on some of Medicare's cheapest beneficiaries - younger recipients tend to be healthier so they place fewer demands on the program - without addressing older, more expensive seniors. Average Medicare spending among those between the ages of 65 and 75 amounted to $5,887 in 2006, according to Kaiser. The program spent more than twice that, $12,059, on those ages 85 and over. Spending on those in their last year of life represented 28 percent of all Medicare costs in 1999, according to the program's actuaries. AARP, the advocacy group for the elderly, sent volunteers yesterday to warn lawmakers of the additional costs. "There are lots of other things we can do to reduce health-care costs without passing the buck onto beneficiaries," said Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee. Our new comment system is not supported in IE 7. Please upgrade your browser here.
Updates on America's Shameful War on Drugs, Which Has Spread to Mexico and Killed 55,000 Reason? In the last 20 years, 30 motel customers have been arrested on drug-dealing charges, which represents 1/20th of 1% of the 125,000 rooms that have been rented out during that time. Mr. Caswell is fighting the seizure of his property and is being represented by the Institute for Justice. But even if he prevails in court, it's shameful that the case has gotten this far, and even a legal victory for Mr. Caswell would still leave him as another victim of the War on Drugs for all of the personal costs of his ordeal. 2. America's War on Drugs has exported our drug-related problems of crime, gangs, and violence to Mexico, where more than 8,000 corpses left across the country since 2006 have not even been identified, and where more than 5,000 people who have disappeared during the drug violence sweeping the country have never been tracked down, according to this Bloomberg report. "The sheer scale of the carnage makes it difficult for authorities to handle the murder cases. The latest violence has pushed the total number of drug-related deaths to around 55,000 since President Felipe Calderon assumed power in December 2006. Emergency teams have had to confront mass graves with more than 200 corpses, dozens of bodies thrown into mine shafts and massacres such as the 49 headless corpses found last week." Note that the number of drug-related deaths in Mexico is about the same as the number of American casualties during The Vietnam War, so it makes the use of the term "war" very appropriate. Warning: All images in this entry are shown in full. There are many dead bodies; the photographs are graphic and stark. This is the reality of the situation in Mexico right now.
Leaving for Great Britain Where to sleep? Largs Travel guide Largs : Michelin's recommendations Largs, an Ayrshire seaside resort, is very popular with Glaswegians who appreciate its broad spectrum of accommodation and leisure facilities. The Battle of Largs (1263) took place here between Scots and Norsemen during Alexander III’s reign. A monument erected on the town's southern shore, the Viking Festival and Vikingar! all commemorate the battle. Fencebay Fisheries, Fencefoot Farm GB - Fairlie KA29 0EG Eat in the cosy bothy or spacious conservatory at this long-standing, simply furnished restaurant, complete with smokery and farm shop. Menus offer unfussy dishes of fresh fish and shellfish, alongside their own beech-smoked products.
We've got the games just like Mom used to make! Our Cooking Games will entertain you and teach you everything you need to know about the kitchen. There's no need for reservations because we've got a table waiting for you at our Restaurant Games! The best kind of pie is handmade and you'll find out exactly what you need for dough, sauce, and topping combinations in our Pizza Games, or make a five-course, five-star dinner for the whole family with our Meal Games! If you've got more of a sweet-tooth, not to worry because we've got plenty of Ice Cream Games to satisfy your love for fudge! Or if you love Baking Games, we've got a whole list of Cake Games from carrot to cheese, pound to spice! If it has flour, eggs, and sugar, then we've got you covered! With new recipes forming in kitchens all over the world, of course you can rely on us to deliver the latest recipes to you the way you want them with New Cooking Games collection coming out every week! We offer mouth-watering free cooking games in every category and flavor you could ever imagine! With all of the savory cooking games that we have, it's simple to adapt your own style and flair to each dish, and show off your new cooking skills. You choose what makes our most Popular Cooking Games list, so be sure to pick the most succulent games that all our fans can sample and enjoy. So grab your spoon and spatula and start mixing, frying, and sauteing with Cooking Games!
US 5396417 A A data collection device and method, particularly for point-of-sale systems used in the sales and rental of merchandise including video records, and more particularly for a revenue-sharing video record rental system. In such a revenue-sharing system, both revenue-sharing records and ordinary merchandise can be sold using the same point-of-sale entry system. Data relating to the sales of rental of records is separated from the other data generated at the point-of-sale terminals by a data capture device, and the separated data is transmitted to a central computer where it is further processed to separate revenue-sharing record data from other record data, compute the shares due the store proprietor and the distributor of the revenue-sharing records, and for the performance of other functions. The data capture device is usable with a very wide variety of current point-of-sale computers and software so that the store owner can participate in the revenue-sharing system without the expense of buying new software compatible with the central computer. A relatively inexpensive, small-footprint data input terminal is provided. 1. A point-of-sale system comprising, in combination, data entry means for entering data concerning the sale and/or rental of merchandise, means for developing display signals corresponding to said data, display means responsive to said display signals for displaying said data in visual form, and data collection means for receiving said display signals and selecting from said signals those representing predetermined data, and sending said predetermined data to a remote location for processing. 2. A system as in claim 1 in which said data collections means is responsive to signals in ASCII code form. 3. A system as in claim 1 in which said merchandise includes video records, and said predetermined data includes data regarding rental transactions for video records. 4. A system as in claim 3 in which said remote location is a computer processing location in a revenue-sharing system for computing and sorting shares of rental revenues. 5. A system as in claim 1 in which said display means is a member of the group consisting of a character display screen and a printer. 6. A system as in claim 5 in which said display screen, printer and data collection means all are responsive to ASCII code. 7. A system as in claim 1 in which said data collection means includes data template means for selecting said signals based on the position of the images produced by said signals in said display means. 8. A system as in claim 1 including a master computer and LAN adapter means connecting said data entry means together with said master computer in a local area network. 9. A system as in claim 8 in which said data entry means includes a small-footprint point of sale terminal for entering sales and rentals of merchandise, including sales and rentals of video records, said terminal comprising, in combination, a housing, a small display in said housing for displaying at least one line of character images, a keypad in said housing, said keyboard having numerical entry keys, programmable function keys, and substantially less than a full complement of alphabetic character entry keys, connector means for connecting said terminal to said master computer in said local area network, and dedicated key input means for operation to identify to said master computer a video record rental transaction. 10. A system as in claim 8 in which said remote location is a computer processing location in a revenue-sharing system for computing and sorting shares of rental revenues and recipients thereof, said master computer of said local area network being programmed with software operable with that of the computer at said remote location to upload data to the remote computer and receive downloaded data from said remote computer. 11. A system as in claim 8 in which said remote location is a computer processing location in a revenue-sharing system for computing and sorting shares of rental revenues, said master computer of said local area network being programmed with software operable with that of the computer at said remote location, said data collection means being connected to said data entry means and operating to deliver said predetermined data to said remote location in compatible form, without altering the programming of said master computer. 12. A data collection device for selecting predetermined output data signals from output data signal streams created by diverse types of miniature computers, said data collection device comprising data collection means for selecting said predetermined data signals from said data signal streams in response to output data signals for delivery to a visual display device in a form common to said diverse types of miniature computers, and means for transmitting the selected predetermined data signals to a utilization location separate from the destination of said data signal streams. 13. A device as in claim 12 in which the data in said streams is in ASCII display code. 14. A device as in claim 12 in which each of said miniature computers is a part of a point-of-sale system including display and printer means connected to receive said output data streams and adapted for rental of video records. 15. A device as in claim 12 in which said data collection means includes data template means for selecting said predetermined data signals based on the position of images produced by said output data signals in said visual display device. 16. A device as in claim 12 including means, programmed to form movable variable areas on said visual display device to permit positions on said visual display device from which signals are selected to be changed either by local operation of one of said miniature computers, or remotely from a remote computer at said utilization location. 17. A revenue-sharing video record data collection system for collecting data from a plurality of remote video record marketing locations and for transmitting selected portions of said data to a revenue-sharing computer at a computing location, said system comprising, in combination, a point of sale system at each of a plurality of marketing locations, each of said point of sale systems comprising, in combination, data entry means for entering data concerning the sale and/or rental of merchandise, means for developing display signals corresponding to said data, means responsive to said display signals for displaying said data in visual form, and data collection means for receiving said display signals and selecting from said signals those representing predetermined data, and sending predetermined data to said revenue-sharing computer. 18. A data collection system as set forth in claim 17, in which said predetermined data is that relating to video record rentals, and said revenue-sharing computer is adapted to compute the shares of record rentals due the participants in said system. 19. A data collection system as set forth in claim 17, in which said point of sale system includes means for storing the data selected, and dial-up modem means for periodically sending the stored data to said revenue-sharing computer through public communications channels. 20. A method of selecting predetermined output data signals from output data signal streams created by diverse types of miniature computers, said method comprising the steps of analyzing the display signals for displaying images using the display means of any one of a plurality of said diverse types of miniature computers, utilizing a circuit device, responsive to data in a single display code used by all of said display signals, for selecting predetermined data from said output data signal streams, and transmitting the selected predetermined data to a utilization location separate from the destination of said data signal streams. 21. A method as in claim 20 including the step of displaying images corresponding to said display signals on a display device selected from the group consisting of an electronic display panel and a printer. 22. A method as in claim 20 including the step of formatting said signals for display in a predetermined format, and in which said analyzing step comprises determining the position of said data in said display. 23. A method as in claim 22 including the step of utilizing a locally-stored computer program to make the selection based on outlines on said display, said outlines being adjustable as to size and position either locally or from a remote computer. 24. A method as in claim 20 including point-of-sale merchandise sale or rental steps, including the steps of recording sales or rentals of video records, in which said analyzing step comprises selecting the signals representing sales or rentals of video records from those representing the sale or rental of other merchandise. 25. A method as in claim 24 including the steps of discriminating the data for sales and rentals of revenue-sharing records from the sales or rentals of all other merchandise, and computing revenue shares due the participants in a revenue-sharing program. 26. A method of incorporating local computerized POS systems into a centralized data processing network utilizing a central computer at a data processing station, the programming of said local POS systems being incompatible with the programming of said computer at said data processing station, said method comprising the steps of connecting data tap means into each POS system to analyze display data signals, said data tap means being adapted to segregate predetermined data signals from the others, and transmitting said predetermined data signals to said central computer. 27. A method as in claim 26 in which said centralized data processing network is for the sharing of revenue from the merchandising of selected products through said POS systems, and said predetermined data signals represent the merchandising of said selected products. 28. A method as in claim 27 in which the selected products are video records merchandised by a method selected from the group consisting of selling the records, renting them, and charging for their use on a per-play basis. 29. A method as in claim 26 in which said display signals are in ASCII form, and each of said data tap means is responsive to ASCII code and is of essentially the same construction regardless of the programming of the POS system it is connected into. 30. A method as in claim 26 in which said display signals are formatted to cause visible representations thereof appear in predetermined locations in a visible display, and said analyzing step comprises determining the location of said data in said display. 31. A method as in claim 26 including the step of programming each data tap means, either locally or remotely, to adapt it to the format of data displayed in each individual POS system, thereby accommodating analysis in a wide variety of formats in different POS systems. 32. A method as in claim 26 including the step of installing original POS equipment at additional merchandising locations in said network, said original POS equipment including software compatible with said central computer and said data tap means for performing the analyzing step, and including means for performing said transmitting step. 33. A method as in claim 32 in which said original POS equipment includes a master computer, a LAN adapter, and at least one data entry terminal comprising a small-footprint point-of-sale terminal for entering sales and rentals of merchandise, including sales and rentals of video records, said terminal comprising, in combination, a housing, a small display in said housing for displaying at least one line of alpha numeric characters, a keypad in said housing, said keypad having numerical entry keys, programmable function keys, and substantially less than a full complement of alphabetic character keys, connector means for connecting said terminal to a master computer in a local area network, and dedicated key input means for operation to identify to said master computer a video record rental transaction. This invention relates to systems and methods for the selective collection and processing of data, particularly in point-of sales systems, and especially in the distribution of video records. In particular, this invention relates to a method and system for collecting and transmitting video record rental data to a processing device at a remote location for revenue-sharing purposes. In the business of renting video tape records of movies, distributors such as motion picture studios normally sell the tape cassettes at relatively high prices to the rental stores. As a result, the rental store owners are required to make a relatively large capital investment in order to buy enough tapes to meet their customers' needs. Often the owner can not afford to purchase the quantity of video tapes required to satisfy the demand. The result is that both the distributors and the rental stores lose revenues, and some members of the public do not get the opportunity to rent the movie of their choice. In response to these problems, video tape revenue-sharing rental methods have been proposed and developed. In one such method, a video tape store owner may obtain a video tape from a studio or other distributor for a relatively small initial cost. Thereafter, each time the video tape is rented, the distributor receives a certain percentage of the rental income. After a video tape has been rented a certain number of times, or after a predetermined time period has passed since the video tape was first offered for rent, the video tape may be offered for sale to the public and the proceeds divided between the store owner and the distributor. All parties benefit from such an arrangement. The public has more copies of a movie available to rent, the store owner can reduce the amount of capital tied up in the tapes, and both the store owners and the distributors earn more revenues from the added rentals. This may induce the motion picture studios to release movies on video tape much sooner, or even simultaneously with the movies' release to theaters, so that a greater portion of the public can enjoy the movies sooner and at a lower cost. The above-described rental method preferably is carried out by a computer system such as that shown in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,029,034, issued Jul. 2, 1991, and U.S. Pat. No. 5,050,031, issued Sep. 17, 1991. Both of those patents are assigned to the assignee of the present patent application. The system shown in those patents is highly advantageous; it enables the transmission of rental data from many different retail rental store terminals to a central computer or processor. This system computes the shares of video rentals earned by the retailers and distributors, prepares reports regarding rental transactions, and otherwise handles the accounting for the transactions electronically, as it is described in greater detail in those patents. The system shown in those patents has the advantage that the speed and cost of collecting rental data is greatly improved. If desired, "counting cassettes" also can be used to count the number of plays of a video record by the customer, and the rental charge can be based on the number of plays. In one known commercial system using one embodiment of the invention shown in those patents, all of the transaction data including rental and sale information of each store is transmitted to the central computer from each rental terminal. A problem with that arrangement is that many stores sell other products such as sweatshirts, candy, etc. in addition to renting or selling video records. Therefore, the video record business forms only a portion of the business of many rental stores. This is particularly true where the store is one which primarily sells other merchandise, such as supermarkets, department stores, etc. Therefore, there is a substantial amount of data which must be sorted out from the record rental information. This sorting should be done in the stores before the transmission of data to the central computer to prevent overloading the central computer equipment, thus increasing its cost, and also increasing the cost of data transmission and processing. For this reason, special features presently are required in the software used in the rental store to sort the extraneous data out before transmission to the central computer. Without such features, the software is incompatible with that of central computer. Another problem is caused by the diversity of different point-of-sale computers and software which are used by video record retailers. Only a relatively few of the software packages have been modified to make them compatible with the central computer. Therefore, in order for retailers to participate in the revenue-sharing program, they often are required to buy relatively expensive compatible software to replace that which they already have. Also, they are required to re-train their employees to use the new software. Another problem exists even with rental stores which have compatible software in that they may not have a compatible local area network operating software. Another problem is that some rental stores do not have any computerized point-of-sale equipment at all. Therefore, even the smallest rental store is forced to acquire relatively sophisticated and expensive computer equipment in order to be able to participate in the revenue-sharing plan. In either of the foregoing circumstances, the relatively high cost of acquiring new computer hardware and/or software is a significant deterrent to participation in the revenue-sharing plan. Accordingly, an object of the present invention is to provide equipment and methods for merchandise distribution data processing which overcomes or substantially alleviates the foregoing problems. More specifically, it is an object of the present invention to provide equipment and methods for use in video record revenue-sharing which significantly reduce the cost of entry into the revenue-sharing plan. Another object of the invention is to provide a data collection system and method which can be used with a wide variety of computers and software without significant modifications. It also is an object of the invention to provide a relatively low-cost and compact point-of-sale input terminal. The foregoing objects are met by the provision of a data collection means and method, operating on signals used to display data in the local computers, to collect data for transmitting to a central computer. In a specific embodiment of the invention, the data is video record rental and sale data from retail distribution locations. If desired, the rental data is segregated from that relating to the sale of other merchandise, and the data for revenue-sharing rentals is identified so that it can be further segregated by the central computer. Alternatively, if desired, the revenue-sharing data can be segregated locally so that only it will be sent to the central computer. Optionally, the revenue-sharing data can include pay-per-play data developed by the use of play-counting cassettes. The invention is capable of segragating rental transaction data from sales transaction data. Additionally, revenue-sharing rental transaction data can be segregated from non-revenue sharing data. Further, if desired, sending of transaction data to the central computer can be controlled on a product or title ID basis. Selecting data from that used by display devices in the local point-of-sale ("POS") systems has the advantage that the data collection equipment used can be largely standardized and need not be customized to be compatible with each of the multitude of hardware and software systems now used as point-of-sale equipment. The data sent to the display device (display screen or printer, e.g.) almost always is in ASCII code. Therefore, a device responsive to that code will be useable with almost all such equipment. The invention includes a method for integrating into a data processing network, POS equipment which has incompatible software. A display data analyzing device is connected to the POS equipment to separate out and transmit to the central computer the data desired. Since the original POS equipment and software need not be changed, the cost of entry into the revenue-sharing plan is reduced significantly. Display data sent to the display screen and/or printer of the usual POS system is formatted by the system software so that predetermined data usually appears in a predetermined location on the screen and/or printed invoice, or receipt or other business form. In the present invention, advantage is taken of this fact to provide a relatively fast, inexpensive means for selecting data. The data is selected on the basis of its location on the display. Preferably, this is done by forming movable outlines of variable size on the display and capturing any data which falls within the outlines. In addition, recognition marks are placed on the display to identify that display as one which contains data to be captured; for example, data pertaining to the rental or sale of video records. Advantageously, the recognition marks and the location and size of the windows can be varied individually in each POS system, either locally by relatively simple manipulations of the POS system controls, or by a command downloaded from the central computer. Thus, each data collection device may be customized to accommodate the individual needs of the POS system. Moreover, this can be done by an ordinary installer who need not be a computer programmer. Changes made in the data collection system or POS system after installation similarly can be accommodated easily. For example, if the retailer decides to start renting play-counting tape cassettes such as those described in the above-identified patents, and therefore must capture data indicating the number of plays, the changes in the data capture procedures can be made relatively quickly and inexpensively. A novel small-footprint data entry terminal is provided to reduce the cost and size of the POS equipment used by the retailer. The small-footprint terminal has a keyboard with substantially less than a full complement of alphabetic character entry keys. Preferably, the keyboard has no such keys; rather, it has numerical keys and dedicated but programmable keys for entering specific data relating to video record transactions. This saves the cost and space required for a full keyboard, and makes the recording of a transaction faster and simpler. Preferably, the small footprint terminal has a relatively small display using segmented elements, for example, dot matrix elements, to form the characters. A two-line, forty-character, LCD display is preferred. This small display provides all the display capacity needed, while saving the space and cost of a large video display. The small-footprint terminal is operated as a slave from an ordinary personal computer used as a master in a local area network. Other objects, features and advantages of the present invention will be set forth in or apparent from the following detailed description and drawings. In the drawings: FIG. 1 is a block diagram of a video record rental revenue-sharing system constructed in accordance with the present invention; FIG. 2 is a schematic, partially perspective drawing of one embodiment of the point-of-sale system of the invention; FIG. 3 is a schematic, partially perspective view of another embodiment of the point-of-sale system of the invention; FIGS. 4A, 4B, 4C-1, 4C-2, 4D-1 and 4D-2 comprise flow charts for computer programs utilized in the invention; FIGS. 4E, 4F, 4G, 4H, 4I and 4J represent respective screens which may appear on a CRT display; FIGS. 5 and 6 are schematic, partially perspective views of further embodiments of the point-of-sale system of the invention; FIG. 7 is a schematic circuit diagram of a "data tap" or collection device constructed in accordance with the invention; FIG. 8 is a block diagram of the circuitry of a small footprint data entry terminal ("SFT") constructed in accordance with the invention; FIG. 9 is a schematic circuit diagram of a LAN adapter constructed in accordance with the invention; and FIG. 10 is a perspective view of the small-footprint data entry terminal ("SFT") whose circuitry is shown in FIG. 8. FIG. 1 shows a video tape record revenue-sharing distribution system 10 constructed in accordance with the present invention. FIG. 1 is schematic and shows only a small part of an actual system which typically would be used commercially. The system 10 includes a central computer or processor 12 which communicates with a point-of-sale ("POS") system in each of a large number of individual video record retail stores. Only three such stores, Stores No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 are shown in FIG. 1, by way of example. The POS equipment in Store No. 1 is conventional prior art equipment. It comprises a local area network which includes a personal computer 14 used as a server. The server 14 uses programming compatible with that of the central computer. Also included are two slave terminals T1 and T2. The server or PC 14 is connected to a dial-up modem 13. The server 14 through the use of the modem 13 periodically calls up the central computer 12 and transmits accumulated rental transaction data for the store to the central computer over telephone lines 31, which if it is a long distance call would preferably be through one of the long distance systems such as "Tymnet", "Sprint", "MCI" or "AT&T". Alternately, the central computer 12 may periodically call up the modem and cause it to transmit the accumulated rental transaction data for the store to the central computer over the telephone lines. The central computer or processor 12 processes the data it receives by first separating the data regarding revenue-sharing cassettes from all of the other data it receives. Then, it computes the shares of the revenues due to the cassette owners or distributors and to the retailers. Reports and funds are sent to the respective participants in the revenue-sharing program according to a formula previously agreed upon. If desired, reports can be transmitted through a modem 30 and telephone lines to computers such as S1 -S4 at the places of business of the cassette owners. Alternatively, reports can be sent by ordinary mail or telecopier, etc. Payments from the retailers can be made by conventional means, or by means of electronic fund transfer banks B1, B2, B3, etc., as it is more fully described in the above-identified patents. Payments can be made to the entity owning and operating the system 10, which then pays the cassette owners and retains its share of the revenues. As it is indicated in FIG. 1, many other stores in the revenue-sharing system communicate over other telephone lines 34 with the central computer 12. Each of those other stores can have point-of-sale equipment and software such as that shown in one of Stores No. 1, 2 and 3, or other combinations shown herein, or in any other desired combination. The point-of-sale ("POS") system in Store No. 1 includes, in addition to the modem 13, server 14 and terminals T1 and T2, a cash drawer 15 or 17 for each terminal T1 or T2, and a printer 16 which is connected to one of the terminals T1 and T2 to print receipts and other matter in the normal transaction of retail video store business. Each terminal has a bar-code reading wand 18 or 19 to read bar-coded product identification numbers and other product data into the terminal. A credit-card reader (not shown in Store No. 1) often is used with each terminal. The server 14 also can be used as a sales terminal, and can have its own cash drawer, bar-code reader, credit card reader and printer, if desired. The server can have local area network ("LAN") adapter equipment, file servers, and other equipment used in a local area network. Each terminal T1, T2 usually has a video display screen, a keyboard, hard disc and/or soft or floppy disc drives, etc., as in conventional personal computers. Of course, if only one sales terminal is needed, the PC 14 can be used, together with a printer, wand, cash drawer, etc., as the only input terminal. If needed, further terminals can be added, as indicated by the dashed line 20. As it has been stated above, point-of-sale systems like the one in Store No. 1 are in widespread use in video stores throughout the United States and elsewhere in the world. However, in order for such systems to operate with the central computer 12, the software they use must be compatible with that used in the central computer. Specifically, the software should segregate the video record transactions from the others into separate files which may be then transmitted to the central computer in pre-defined data record formats. Further, video record titles which are used in the store are matched to the standard titles as defined by the central computer. Only a few of the software packages designed for video rental store use have been modified to be compatible with the central computer software in the known revenue-sharing system in the U.S.A., the one which is operated by Rentrak Corporation. Therefore, the owners of many stores having point-of-sale computer equipment are forced to buy expensive compatible software and re-train their employees to use the new software in order for the retailer to participate in the revenue-sharing program. This is daunting and creates a substantial impediment to the growth of revenue sharing and its benefits. Store No. 2 has exactly the same point-of-sale equipment as store No. 1 except that its software is not compatible with that of the central computer 12. However, it has been adapted, in accordance with the present invention, to be operable with the central computer 12 without replacing the incompatible software already in use. In accordance with the present invention, three novel devices called "data taps" 22 are used together with a LAN adapter card 21, a master PC 25 and software stored in the server 14, terminals T1 and T2 and in the master PC 25. Each data tap 22, as will be described in greater detail below, separates the information regarding video record rentals from the data which is sent to the printer or the display screen of the terminals T1 or T2 or the server 14, and sends the information to the master PC 25 which stores the information until it is transmitted through the modem 13 to the central computer 12. The three data taps 22 are connected together in series in a "daisy chain" sequence. There is one data tap for each terminal T1, T2, etc. and for the server 14 in the POS system. FIG. 3 is a partially perspective schematic view of an adapted POS system 60 which is the same as that used in Store No. 2 of FIG. 1, except that the terminal T2 and the server 14 are not shown, and only one data-tap 22 is used. The server 14 and each terminal T1, T2, etc. is a separate personal computer whose software is not compatible with that of the central computer. The LAN adapter card 21 and modem 13 shown in Store No. 2 of FIG. 1 are inside the master unit 25 and are not visible in FIG. 3. As shown in FIGS. 1 and 3, each respective data tap 22 is connected to the terminals T1, T2 and the server 14, and is further coupled through the LAN adapter 21 to the master computer 25. One of the data taps, for example, the data tap connected to terminal T1 is also connected to the printer 16. The data tap 22 is adapted to receive and temporarily store all data displayed on the display screen of the terminals T1, T2, and data to be printed on the printer 16. The captured data is thereafter supplied through the LAN adapter to the master computer. A "TSR" program disc 52 is shown in FIG. 3. As it will be described in greater detail below, the TSR program is used in each terminal T1, T2, etc. to facilitate data selection and processing in accordance with the invention. Applicants have taken advantage of the fact that, regardless of the brand of the computer, data which is sent to the display screen or display device such as the printer 16 consistently is in ASCII code. Therefore, the hardware of the data tap can be standardized so that one type of device can be used with a wide variety of computer hardware and software. This is highly advantageous. It minimizes hardware and software costs and facilitates modification of existing POS systems to lower the cost of entry into the revenue-sharing plan. Also, the store employees need not be re-trained to use new software, because they can simply continue to use the software with which they are familiar. This minimizes any business interruption which might be caused by entry into the revenue-sharing plan. Store No. 3 of FIG. 1 is an example of a store that has no computer equipment to start with. Since such a system has no incompatible software, compatible software can be used from the very start. However, since it might be a major expense to the store owner to purchase a prior point-of-sale system simply for the purpose of enrolling in the revenue-sharing plan, applicants have provided hardware with minimum cost and size so that the store owner's investment is kept to a minimum. In particular, the system in Store No. 3 includes a master PC 25, a LAN adapter 27, a printer 16 and cash drawers 15 and 17. Also included are optional credit card readers 28 and 29, as well as bar code reader wands 18 and 19. In accordance with a further aspect of the present invention, the POS system also includes two simple, low-cost data input "Small Footprint Terminals" ("SFT's") 23 and 24. The small footprint terminals will be described in greater detail below. With the use of the small footprint terminals, if needed, and the advantageous software of the present invention, the store owner of Store No. 3 can install a system which will keep track of inventory, and all sales transactions, and also will automatically separate out the data for video record transactions and transmit it through a modem over a telephone line 32 to the central computer, all at a relatively modest cost. FIG. 2 is a partially perspective view showing an integrated POS system 40 like that used in Store No. 3 of FIG. 1, except that only one SFT terminal 23 is used instead of two. The master computer 25 is a conventional personal computer such as one made by IBM, or an IBM compatible personal computer. It has a full keyboard 42, a video display screen 44, an internal hard-disc drive (not shown), and a floppy-disc drive whose input port is shown at 46. The master computer 25 is programmed to be compatible with the central computer 12. It also is programmed to perform the data capture functions similar to those previously described with reference to the data tap 22. In addition, certain other features are provided by the software, as it will be described below. The printer 16 is a standard dot-matrix, ink-jet, laser or other printer connected to the printer port of the computer 25. The cash drawer 15 is conventional, as is the credit card reader 28 and the bar-code reader 18. The modem 26 and the LAN adapter card 27 of FIG. 1 are physically located inside the housing of computer 25 and are not visible in FIG. 2. The small footprint terminal ("SFT") 23 is a compact, relatively inexpensive data entry terminal with a keypad 50 and a two line LCD display 148, each line having 40 characters. The SFT 23 will be described in greater detail below, and is shown enlarged and in its preferred form in FIG. 10. Each of the master computer 25 and the SFT can be used at a separate check-out counter or station in the store. Another SFT can be added for each other station in the store. Actually, the cash drawer 15, bar-code reader 18, card reader 28, the LAN adapter card, and the SFT 23 are not absolutely necessary to enable a store without a computer to participate in the revenue-sharing plan. The store only needs to acquire a master computer 25 with the compatible software described herein, and a modem and a printer. As it is explained in the above-identified patents, most video tape cassettes bear information which is in both human-readable and bar-code form identifying the title of the work, a serial number for the cassette, etc. The bar-code reader 18 can be used to read this information into the computer 25 quickly. However, the store clerk can input the same information by means of the keyboard 42. Other products sold in the store also have similar identification information which is entered into the master computer 25. If one or more SFT terminals is included in the system, each such terminal can be used to enter the same information into the computer 25. The computer 25 preferably is programmed to provide functions other than simply entering sales and rental data. For example, it can be used to order video tapes from an on-line revenue sharing catalog which may be periodically downloaded from the central computer 12. Additionally, the computer 25 provides information useful in operating the video tape rental store, including lists of video tape rentals by title, over-due video tapes, current video tape inventory, purchase order status, etc. Other functions which can be performed by the master computer 25 are described in the above-identified patents. The SFT 23 communicates with the master computer 25 by way of a local area network (LAN) which is implemented using the LAN adapter card 27 (FIG. 1). By way of this communication, the SFT 23 is able to receive price or other information from data bases stored in memory in the computer 25. Upon completion of each business transaction, the SFT 23 transmits the information relating to the transaction to the computer 25, which processes the information, and may cause the printer 16 to print an appropriate record of the transaction, such as an invoice. The master computer 25 separates the data regarding rentals or sales of video records from other information, stores the video record data, and, at a predetermined time, transmits it to the central computer 12. The cassette identification numbers for revenue-sharing cassettes are known and can be identified by the central computer 12 to compute revenue shares. If preferred, only the revenue-sharing cassette rental information is collected, stored and transmitted to the central computer. The computer 25 through the use of the modem 26 periodically calls up the central computer 12 and transmits accumulated transaction data for the store to the central computer over telephone lines 32, which may be one of the long distance systems previously described with reference to telephone lines 32. Alternately, the central computer may sequentially dial the telephone numbers assigned to each of the master computers in the separate stores in the system 10 at respective predetermined times, and cause the stored revenue-sharing data to be transmitted from each computer through its modem. Previously-stored orders placed by the store for revenue-sharing tapes also are transmitted to the central computer by this means. The central computer 12 also transmits data to each master computer 25 in the system while it is connected to it. By this means, the central computer transmits updates to the catalog of available revenue-sharing properties, and other communications to each store. It also can transmit re-programming instructions to each local POS system. Although the cash drawer, barcode reader, printer and credit card reader are connected by cables to the master computer 25, the SFT 23 also has receptacles in the rear panel (not shown) into which those devices could be connected, if it is more convenient to do so. Each SFT terminal 23 is specially adapted for use as a POS terminal. Therefore, extraneous features needed in a general-purpose computer are not included. By this means, the cost of each SFT is minimized. This reduces the cost of the POS system in a store requiring more than one sale terminal. FIGS. 5 and 6 show other examples of adapted POS systems; that is, existing POS systems which are not compatible with the central computer 12 but have been adapted to be compatible without replacing the existing software. FIG. 5 shows an existing POS system which includes a personal computer 202 used as a file server, work stations 208 and 210, and printers 212 and 213. Work stations 208 and 210 communicate with the server 202 by way of a conventional local area network package such as that sold under the trademark "NOVELL" by Novell, Inc, or "LANTASTIC", by Artisoft, Inc. Each package includes software and LAN adapter hardware. To adapt such a POS system to be compatible with the central computer 12, there is added a master computer 25, software programs, data taps 204, 205 and 206, the LAN adapter hardware and a modem (not shown) in the master computer. As it is shown in FIG. 7, as well as FIG. 5, each of the data taps has a serial input port 230, a serial output port 232, and parallel ports 240 and 242 to allow the data tap to be connected to other equipment through either serial or parallel ports, as the equipment might require. Each data tap also includes a LAN input connector 236 and a LAN output connector 238. The master computer 25 is connected through cable 220 to the data tap 204 through LAN input terminal 236. Data tap 204 is connected through port 238 and cable 223 to the next data tap 205, which is connected to data tap 206 through cable 225. The three data taps thus are connected together in "daisy chain" fashion. This facilitates adding further data taps and workstations at the end of the "daisy chain", as the store and the POS system grow. The server 202 is connected to the data tap 204 through the cable 221 and the parallel input port 240. Similarly, the printer 212 is connected to the data tap 204 through parallel port 242. Each of the workstations 208 and 210 and the server 202 may be a full personal computer with a video display 246, a full keyboard 248, and may have a hard disc drive and/or a floppy disc drive 250. Each of these units 202, 208 and 210 has both serial and parallel ports and can be connected to the data tap through its serial input port 230. As an example, workstation 210 is connected to parallel port 240 of data tap 206 through cable 226. Printer 213 is connected to parallel port 242 of data tap 206 through a cable 227. The printer 212 is connected to serve both the server 202 and the first workstation 208. Printer 213 serves the second workstation 210. If desired, a separate printer can be provided for each data entry station. It should be understood that the LAN adapter 21, modem 13, cash drawer, bar code readers, etc. shown in store No. 2 of FIG. 1 have been omitted from FIG. 5 for the sake of clarity. However, the POS system will include the adapter and modem, and usually will include the other items as well. A program disc 214 is shown above each of the server 202 and the two workstations in FIG. 5 to indicate that a TSR program is stored in the unit and is used in the manner to be described below. The POS system shown in FIG. 5 continues to use the software already used in the pre-existing LAN, and thus avoids the need to purchase new software and re-train employees to use the new software. The master computer 25 and data taps 204-206 operate independently, with compatible software, to gather and transmit the data needed for participation in the revenue-sharing plan. A POS system utilizing a UNIX operating system as illustrated in FIG. 6. The existing POS system includes a UNIX server 302, slave data entry terminals 304 and 306, and printers 308 and 310. To adapt such a POS system for use with the revenue-sharing system shown in FIG. 1, a master computer 25 and three data taps 312, 314 and 316 are utilized. The master computer 25 is connected to the data taps via cables 320, 325 and 327 in a "daisy chain" sequence like that shown in FIG. 5. The connection of the terminals 304 and 306 to the server 302 is similar to that described above and shown in FIG. 5, except that, in the UNIX POS system, a separate cable 323 or 324 connects each slave terminal 304, 306 to the server. Accordingly, each data tap is connected between the server and one of the terminals, through cable 326 or 330. When a printer is connected to a server or terminal, additional parallel connections are used. For example, printers 308 and 310 are respectively connected to the parallel ports of the data taps by cables 322 and 330 and from there to the server 302 and terminal 306 by way of the cables 321 and 329. A program disc 303, which bears a program which is substantially similar to the TSR program 214 of FIG. 5, is loaded into the UNIX server 302 so as to enable the server to capture data displayed on the display screen of the server and/or sent to the printers and to supply such data to the respective data taps. Each of the terminals 304 and 306 is a so-called "dumb" terminal; that is, it is a terminal having limited processing capabilities, and which depends on the server to process the data input at the terminal and define the display on the screen of the terminal. The master computer 25 communicates with the data taps 312, 314, and 316 in a manner substantially identical to that previously described with reference to FIG. 5. The computer programs used for data selection and storage are highly advantageous. In general, a "teacher" program is used to create stored "templates" and "trapper" routines in each POS system. The "templates" are routines for recognizing data appearing in predetermined locations on either a display screen or a printed invoice. The locations are set to match the specific formats used for invoices and/or screen displays in each store. In an integrated system which has no data taps, the template(s) is or are stored in the master computer 25, (which also may be the only computer, in the smallest POS system). In POS systems using data taps, the templates can be stored in the data taps, to save computer storage capacity, or in the master computer 25, or in the smart terminals of a system such as that shown in FIG. 5 or in the servers such as those shown in FIGS. 5 and 6. The "trapper" routines which are created by use of the "teacher" program use the template(s) to separate and identify data to be stored and sent to the central computer 12. The "trapper" routines are stored in the master computer 25, and also may be stored in smart terminals or servers. In the trapper routines, a unique combination of characters called "landmarks" is used to distinguish each type of display from the others. When a display is identified as one containing desired data, that data is selected by use of a template, stored in the master computer, and eventually uploaded to the central computer. The "teacher" program is a program which is stored in the master computer, smart terminals and servers. It can be used by authorized personnel, such as an installer, to create the templates and trapper routines in a given POS system. The templates for use with display screen data are created, in the manner to be discussed in detail below, by forming outlines or windows around specific areas of the screen, and enabling the detection of data when it appears in the windows. If the data is selected from that which is transmitted to the printer to print business forms such as invoices, and if the data appears on the display screen on the computer 25, etc., in the same format as on the printed form, then the same technique can be used in establishing the template(s) as when screen data is used. However, if the format of the data displayed on the screen does not match that of the printed data, a different technique is needed. For example, the invoice can be placed on a digitizer tablet, and the areas of the invoice from which data is selected can be outlined by the use of a digitizing pen. Preferably, however, the data tap is programmed to have a "pass-through" mode in which data, for example, invoice data, is simply passed through to the master computer and stored on disc. Then the data for a typical invoice is put in the location required by the invoice, and pased through to the master computer, recalled, and displayed on a terminal screen. The data capture areas then are set to cover the areas occupied by the displayed data. In either case, regardless of whether screen data or printer data is analyzed, the trapper program works in substantially the same way to detect and select data to send to the central computer 12. The trapper and teacher routines are "terminate and stay resident" (TSR) routines; that is, routines which are able to run in a computer at the same time another portion of the main program is being executed. The trapper and teacher programs will now be more fully described with reference to FIGS. 4A, 4B, 4C-1, 4C-2, 4D-1 and 4D-2. In this description, as an example, it is assumed that the programs are used in the terminal T1 of store no. 2 of FIG. 1. The trapper program is initiated at step S10 of FIG. 4A. Processing then proceeds to step S20 in which a determination is made as to whether the trapper program has already been loaded. This determination prevents multiple copies of the trapper program from being executed. That is, if the trapper program has already been loaded, as indicated by a "Yes" at step S20, an indication representing that the trapper program has already been loaded is displayed and further processing is terminated, as indicated by steps S21 and S22, respectively. If, on the other hand, the trapper program has not already been loaded, as indicated by a No at step S20, processing proceeds to step S30. At step S30, processing associated with the existing or "old" clock subroutine is redirected so as to include processing of an additional or "new" clock subroutine. This new clock subroutine is initiated by a clock interrupt signal which typically occurs at a rate of 18 times per second, and will be more fully described later. Processing then proceeds to step S35. At step S35, the template file for the trapper program is read. The template file resides on disc in the terminal and contains a template which previously was created by use of the teacher program, as it will be described below. At step S40, the status of the trapping process is set. At this time, data is not being trapped. Flags may be utilized for indicating the trapping status. For example, a "0" flag may be set at step S40 to indicate a "trapping nothing" status. Processing then proceeds to step S50. At step S50, an indication that the trapper program has been properly loaded is supplied to the display screen of the terminal T1 so as to notify the operator. Thereafter, the trapper program is placed in a "terminate and stay resident" (TSR) mode as indicated in step S60. Upon the occurrence of a clock interrupt signal, processing of the new clock subroutine is initiated in step S70 and then proceeds to step S80. At step S80, a determination is made as to whether the new clock or old clock subroutine is currently being executed. If the determination at step S80 is affirmative, processing proceeds to step S110. At step S110, the processing returns to the old clock subroutine, so that the normal processing of the application software is continued. If, on the other hand, the new clock subroutine is not currently being executed, as indicated by a "No" at step S80, then processing proceeds to step S90. At step S90, the "trapper" subroutine is executed. The trapper subroutine of step S90 is shown in detail in FIG. 4B. Referring now to FIG. 4B, the trapper subroutine starts at 125 and proceeds to step S130, in which a flag is detected, if it is present, indicating that video cassette rental data was being selected or "trapped" during the previous interrupt cycle. If the determination in step S130 is affirmative, processing proceeds to a series of steps S131-S134 for determining when the data on the terminal screen has changed, and for saving cassette rental data. At step S131, a determination is made as to whether the previously selected "landmarks" have changed. "Landmarks" are selected certain portions of the data displayed on the terminal screen during the processing of video cassette rentals. They are unique in terms of their content and/or their location on the screen. Any screen having these marks is identified as a screen containing video cassette rental data. If the recognition marks have changed, as indicated by a Yes at step S131, processing proceeds to step S132. At step S132, a "trapping nothing" flag is set for the next interrupt cycle. This indicates that the display has changed and that the next display must be tested to see if it has cassette rental or return data. When the landmarks have changed, this indicates that the screen being displayed has changed, and the next screen must be tested to determine whether or not it is one which has rental or return data. After step S132, processing proceeds to step S133, in which the data saved from the areas of the display selected by the template is sent to an output buffer. Thereafter, processing proceeds to step S170, wherein processing exits the trapper subroutine and returns to step S100 in FIG. 4A, where one packet of data is sent to the output port of the data tap or computer in which the program is operating. If, however, the landmarks have not changed, as indicated by a No at step S131, processing proceeds to step S134. At step S134, the rental information which has been trapped is saved, updated during subsequent interrupt cycles, and ultimately sent to the output buffer at the end of the display. Thereafter, processing returns to step S100 to wait for the next interrupt cycle. If the determination in step S130 is negative, processing proceeds to step S140. At step S140, a determination is made as to whether the selected information pertains to the return of video cassettes to the store after a rental. If the determination in step S140 is affirmative, processing proceeds to steps S141-S144, which are the same as steps S131-S134 except that they are performed for return data rather than rental data. If the determination in step S140 is negative, meaning that neither a "trapping returns" or "trapping rentals" flag has been set, processing proceeds to step S150. At step S150, a determination is made as to whether landmarks have been detected which match. This comprises the first identification of the display as one having video cassette rental data. If there is such a match, as indicated by a Yes at step S150, then rental data is trapped and stored in the memory at step S151. Thereafter, at step S152, a "trapping rentals" flag is set to indicate that video cassette rental data is being trapped, and the process returns to step S100 in FIG. 4A to await the next interrupt cycle. If, on the other hand, there is not a match of video cassette rental landmarks, as indicated by a No at step S150, then processing proceeds to step S160. At step S160, a determination is made as to whether cassette return landmarks have been detected. If there is such a match, as indicated by a Yes at step S160, then processing proceeds to steps S161 and S162, whereupon processing identical to that of steps S151 and S152, respectively, is performed, except that a "trapping returns" flag is set up and return data is saved. If there is not a match of video cassette return landmarks, as indicated by a No at step S160, then processing returns to step S100 in FIG. 4A. The trapper routines are repeated once for every clock interrupt signal, which has a frequency of 18 interrupt cycles per second. When each new display is created, it has neither a "trapping rentals" flag nor a "trapping returns" flag. The display is first identified as one containing data to be saved in step S150 or S160. Thereafter, during each subsequent interrupt, since the status flag has been set at step S152 or S162, the determination of step S130 or S140 is affirmative. As a result, processing proceeds to step S131 or S141 so as to determine if the landmarks have changed. If the landmarks have not changed, thereby indicating that the same screen is still being displayed, video cassette rental information continues to be trapped and saved. The next time in which the trapper subroutine is executed, since the status flag set in step S152 or S162 has not changed, the determination at step S130 or S141 is again affirmative. Processing then proceeds to step S131 or S141. At this point, assume that the display screen has changed. The determination at step S131 or S141 is then affirmative. Since the screen has changed, video cassette rental information is no longer being trapped and, as such, the status flag is set accordingly at step S132 or S142. All of the trapped video cassette transaction information, which had been saved at steps S151, S161, S144 and S134, is supplied to the output data buffer of the terminal at step S133. Processing then proceeds to step S170. Referring again to FIG. 4A, the data stored in the output data buffer at steps S133 and S143 at the termination of a screen is supplied by way of the output parallel printer port of the terminal T1 to the data tap 22, or are sent directly to storage in the master computer 25, in a system having no data tap. Since only a certain limited amount of data can be transmitted during each interrupt cycle, one packet of data is transmitted during each cycle until all of the data has been transmitted. By transmitting the data in this manner, a slowdown of the POS processing is not noticeable. The data waiting to be transmitted is stored in memory, for example, the RAM, of terminal T1. Prior to transmitting this data, a unique character or characters are added at the beginning and the end of the data stream. These characters provide a means for the data tap 22 to distinguish between data which is trapped as a result of the trapper program from data to be printed by the printer 16. That is, upon detecting these unique characters, the data tap is alerted that the data identified by the unique characters is trapped data to be sent to the master computer, and is not to be printed. After step S100, processing proceeds to steps S110 and S120 as previously described. Referring now to FIGS. 4C-1 and 4C-2, the "Teacher" program is initiated at step S210. Thereafter, processing proceeds to the determination step S220. The processing performed in steps S220, S230 and S240 is substantially similar to that of steps S20, S21 and S22, respectively, and therefore will not be further described. If the teacher program has not already been loaded, as indicated by a No at step S220, processing proceeds to step S250 in which the signals produced by pressing the keys on the keyboard of the terminal T1 are modified or "redirected" in a "new keyboard" routine. Subsequently, in step S260 a template file is loaded from disc into memory. This template file may be a default file as, for example, represented by the windows located on the right side of screen No. 4. Alternatively, the template file may be one that had been previously modified, and may be similar to that represented by the windows shown in screen No. 6. After step S260, in step S270, an indication that the teacher program has been loaded successfully is displayed. Thereafter, the program is placed in a terminate and stay resident mode (TSR) at step S280. Step S290 is initiated to bring the target application onto the screen. Because teacher is not active, the new keyboard, as in the step S300 routine, executes the old keyboard function. In step S310, the application responds in a normal manner to a key press. In step S320, a determination is made as to whether the key pressed terminates the application. If not, the loop formed of steps S300, S310 and S320 are repeated as the application responds to each key press. Once the desired screen is brought to the display, so-called "Hot Keys" are pressed and the teacher is activated. The "new keyboard" portion of the teacher program utilized for creating the trapper template will now be described. Referring now to FIG. 4C-2, the new keyboard routine is initiated by a key press. As previously mentioned, while the teacher is not active and prior to a hot key press, the old keyboard routine is executed in step S350 and processing then proceeds through steps S360 and S370 to step S450, which completes the routine. Once the hot key is pressed, while the teacher is inactive, step S350 executes the old keyboard routine. Processing then proceeds through step S360 to step S370, whereupon the hot key press is detected. At step S380, a status indication or flag is set indicating that the teacher program is active. Thereafter, processing proceeds to step S390, in which an initial status indication or flag is set indicating that neither landmarks nor data areas are currently being set or learned. Processing then proceeds to step S400, in which the currently displayed application screen is saved in a memory of the terminal T1. Thereafter, processing proceeds to the teacher subroutine of step S410. The teacher subroutine of step 410 is expanded as shown in FIG. 4D. Referring now to FIGS. 4D-1 and 4D-2, the processing of the teacher subroutine starts at step S460 and proceeds to step S470. At step S470, the installer may select a key from the displayed main menu. As an example, in the preferred embodiment, selecting the "Alt" and "1" keys initiates processing of the trapper template for the video cassette rental landmarks and data, whereas selecting the "Alt" and "2" keys initiates processing of the trapper template for the video cassette return landmarks and information data. After selection of the key or keys in step S470, processing proceeds to step S480. At step S480, a determination is made as to whether the escape key has been pressed by the installer. If the escape key has been pressed, as indicated by a Yes at step S480, processing proceeds to step S482. At step S482, a determination is made as to whether areas for either rental or return landmarks and data are being set or learned. If the determination in step S482 is affirmative, processing proceeds to step S484. At step S484, the status indication or flag is set to indicate that neither rental or return information is being learned. Thereafter, processing returns to step S470. If, however, the determination at step S482 is negative, processing proceeds to step S486, whereupon the teacher subroutine is exited and processing is returned to step S420. Thus, after the learning processing has been initiated as described later, the escape key needs to be pressed twice in order to exit the teacher subroutine. If, on the other hand, the escape key has not been pressed, as indicated by a No at the Step S480, processing proceeds to step S490. At step S490, a determination is made as to whether the key(s) selected in step S470 initiates learning of the video cassette rental landmarks and data information. That is, in the preferred embodiment, were the "Alt" and "1" keys selected in step S470. As an example, assume that the "Alt" and "1" keys were selected in step S470. As a result, the determination in step S490 is affirmative. Processing then proceeds to step S492 in which areas to be used for landmarks and data information are displayed as well as functional information used for identifying the landmarks and data information. Processing then proceeds to step S494, in which the status indication or flag is set to indicate that rental landmark or data information areas are being set. Thereafter, processing returns to step S470, for selection of key from those identified in the sub-menu. Processing then proceeds through steps S470 and S480 to step S490. At step S490, since a key from the sub-menu was selected in step S470 and not the learning rental or "ALT" and "1" keys, processing proceeds to step S500. Similarly, processing proceeds through step S500 to step S530. At step S530, a determination is made as to whether the learning of rental landmark and data information areas is currently being performed. If the determination in step S530 is affirmative, processing proceeds to step S540. In this situation, since the flag was set in step S494 indicating that rental learning is being performed, processing proceeds to step S540. At step S540, the landmark and data areas are selected. These areas may be selected by using, for example, cursor locating or arrow keys (↑, ←, ↓, →) to move shaded areas to the desired positions, thereby forming a rental template. After completing this rental template, processing returns to step S470. Since the rental template is completed, processing proceeds from step S470 to step S480, whereupon the escape key is selected. Thereafter, processing proceeds to step S482. Since the flag set in step S494 still indicates that rental landmark and data information areas are being learned, processing proceeds to step S484. At step S484, the flag is reset to indicate that rental learning is no longer being performed. Thereafter, processing returns through step S470 to step S480. Upon pressing the escape key again, processing now proceeds through step S482 to step S486, thereby exiting the teacher subroutine. If landmark and data information areas pertaining to video cassette returns had been desired, the "Alt" and "2" keys would have been selected initially at step S470. In this situation, the processing of steps S500, S510, S520, S550 and S560 would have been performed. Since the processing performed in these steps is substantially the same as that performed in steps S490, S492, S494, S530 and S540, respectively, they will not be described further. Referring again to FIG. 4C-2, after the teacher subroutine ends, as indicated at S420, the landmark and data information areas are saved in a file entitled the "template file" in memory. Then, as indicated at S430, the application screen saved at step S400 is displayed. Processing then proceeds to step S440 where the flag initially set in step S380 is changed to indicate that the subroutine is no longer active. Processing is then returned to the application software at step S450. If the new keyboard is called while the teacher is active, processing proceeds through steps S340, S350 and S360 to completion at step S450. The following description illustrates the operation of the teacher program. Sample display screens are reproduced for use in the description. The screens were produced using a data format produced by an existing POS program. This illustrates how the invention easily can be used with a variety of existing video retail store software packages. In the interest of brevity, the following description will be limited to the use of the teacher program to set landmark and data capture areas for video record rentals only, with the understanding that the teacher program also can be used for video record returns and sales, etc. Similarly, the teacher program may also be used in the rentals, returns and sales of non-video record items. Upon loading the teacher program into the memory of the terminal T1 or other computer, display shown in Screen 1 illustrated in FIG. 4E appears on the CRT display. Next, a display for use in renting video records is selected, and screen 2 illustrated in FIG. 4F appears. The information appearing on screen No. 2 illustrated in FIG. 4F will now be described, beginning at the top of the screen and proceeding to the bottom. The top line of Screen No. 2 includes an invoice number for the rental transaction, the time and date, and the term "CAP". The invoice number displayed in this example is No. 1. The time and date represent the time and date of transaction. The "CAP" term indicates the lock function of the keyboard. The second line from the top of Screen 2 includes identification of the cashier/drawer, the customer file number and "items out." The cashier/drawer entry identifies the cashier operating the terminal or workstation or the cash/drawer being used with the terminal or workstation. The customer file number allows tracking of customers between different stores of the same chain. The term "items out" indicates the current number of video cassettes and video players which this customer has not as yet returned. The third line from the top of Screen 2 includes a sales person identification number, customer identification, and total rentals. The sales person identification is entered into the terminal or workstation by the sales person and stored in memory prior to initiating any business transactions. The customer identification may be in the form of a number, and the customer's name and/or phone number. In this situation, the customer identification is "1 J. Smith". The total rentals (TOT RENTS) indicates the number of rentals which this customer has rented over a predetermined time period. In this situation, this customer has previously rented one video cassette during the last week. The fourth line of Screen 2 includes the term "DAYS OUT", "MEMBERSHIP FEE" and "CREDITS DUE". "DAYS OUT" refers to the rental period and is typically set by the store owner. In this particular example, the store owner has set the standard time period for the rental of a video cassette to be one day. The "MEMBERSHIP FEE" term indicates the total expenditure paid by the customer for his or her membership in the video store club. In this example, since the customer is not a member (as indicated by the pricing type "O") the customer has not paid anything towards a membership fee. The "CREDITS DUE" term refers to a credit in terms of a number of free rentals which may be owed to the customer. In the example shown, the customer is not owed anything. The fifth line from the top of Screen 2 includes the terms "DAYS CHARGE", "MEMB PRICING TYPE" and "ITEM NUMBER". The "DAYS CHARGED" term refers to the number of days charged to the customer for the video cassette rental. As with the previously described "DAYS OUT" term, the charge is set by the video store owner. In this example, since the video cassette is rented for one day, the number of days charged for also is 1. If, however, the customer were to rent a video cassette on a Saturday evening and the store were to be closed on the next day, a Sunday, the "days out" term would indicate 2, but the "days charge" term would still be 1. The "MEMB PRICING TYPE" term stands for "membership pricing type". This indicates one of four pricing classifications in which the customer has been placed. As an example, the store owner may provide discount memberships to senior citizens or full-time students, and so forth. The ITEM NUMBER term is the actual identification number of the item being rented or purchased. As previously described, this item may be entered by use of the bar code wand 18 to read it off of the tape cassette being rented, or by use of the keyboard of the terminal or workstation. While the item number is being entered, the number appears on the line to the right of the colon (:). Upon entering a valid item number, the number to the right of the colon is omitted and the number is placed in parenthesis as shown to the left of the colon. The sixth line from the top of Screen 2 includes the headings "NO.", "DESCRIPTION", "RSCF", "DAY O", "DAY C", "CHARGE", "DUE DATE", "DUE TM" and "A/P". "NO" is a number assigned to the item which is being sold or rented, and corresponds to the above-described item number. More specifically, upon entering the item number from the fifth line, the number corresponding to this item number, which is stored in the database of the master computer, is recalled and displayed. In this example, the number in the master computer's database corresponding to the entered item number of the fifth line is 1001. The "Description" column provides a description of the item being rented or sold. In this situation the item is a movie, as indicated by the term "MOV", and is entitled Gone With The Wind. The RSCF column refers to the type of the transaction. That is, "R" indicates a rental, "S" indicates a sale, "C" indicates a credit and "F" indicates a free transaction, such as for a free replacement. The "Day O" column indicates the number of days which this movie is rented for, which, in this example is one day. The "Day C" column indicates the number of days for which the customer is to be charged for this rental which in this situation is one day. The "Charge" column indicates the cost of the rental. The "Due Date", "Due Time" (TM) and A/P columns indicate the day and time in which the video cassette is to be returned. In this example, the cassette is to be returned no later than 4:00 pm on Sep. 24, 1991. The eighth line of Screen 2 includes membership pricing type (MEM TYP) and account balance (ACT BAL). The membership pricing type is identical to that displayed on the fifth line and is merely redisplayed at this location. The account balance indicates the outstanding balance which the customer owes. In the example shown, the balance is 0. The ninth line of Screen 2 includes total rentals ("TOTAL RENT"), membership fee ("MEMB FEE") and sub-total. The total rentals is the amount charged for all video cassette rentals for the current transaction, which in this example is $7.00. The membership fee indicates the amount towards a membership which the customer is currently paying. In this situation, the customer is not paying anything towards his or her membership fee. The sub-total indicates the amount of total rentals, sales and miscellaneous charges prior to any applicable sales tax. The ninth line from the top of Screen 2 includes "TOTAL SALE," "SALES TAX" and "NOT-RESERVED". The "TOTAL SALE" indicates the total amount of video cassette sales, and thus lists sales separately from rentals. The sales tax entry is self-explanatory. The "NOT RESERVED" message appears indicating that the cassette being rented was not previously reserved by the customer. If the cassette is rented at the same time as it was reserved for, and if the customer renting the cassette is the one who reserved it, a "MATCH" message will appear. If the same customer reserved it for a different time, a "SEMI-MATCH" message appears. The eleventh line of Screen 2 lists miscellaneous charges ("MISC CHRGS"), "TOTAL" and [Esc]=END. The miscellaneous charges indicate the non-video cassette items such as candy, cigarettes, etc. which have been purchased. "TOTAL" is the grand total of the current transaction, including tax. The [Esc]=END prompt reminds the operator that upon completing the transaction the "ESC" key is to be pressed to end the transaction. The last two lines on Screen 2 list the function keys F1 through F10 and their respective functions. F1 and F2 move the cursor to be moved in an upwardly or downwardly direction, respectively, inside the area of the screen dedicated to the transaction information. That is, these keys, in combination with the keyboard, allow the operator to edit a line. Function keys F3 and F4 may be used by the operator to enter a Days Out and a Days Charge which may be different from that set by the store owner. Key F5 informs the terminal or workstation that a check-in or video cassette return is to be entered. By pressing function key F5, the screen is changed to a screen for handling the returns of video cassettes. The customer key F6 is used to modify the customer number/name or phone number of the third line. The total key F7 is used to calculate a re-total. The miscellaneous or function key F8 is used to enter price information for miscellaneous items, such as popcorn, etc. Pressing function key F9 allows the cursor to move to the portion of the screen containing the No., description, RSCF, Day O, etc., terms. Upon pressing the function key F10 the transaction currently displayed on the screen is aborted. In accordance with the present invention, upon pressing the "hot keys" on the keyboard, that is, the "Alt" and the left "shift" keys, the main menu of the teacher program is displayed in the shaded area at the bottom of the display as shown in Screen 3 illustrated in FIG. 4G. The main menu allows the installer to select processing for either "rentals" or "returns". By pressing the "Alt" and "1" keys, the operator displays the sub-menu of the teacher program for rentals in the shaded area at the bottom of the display as shown in Screen 4 illustrated in FIG. 4H. The sub-menu in Screen 4 includes ten terms which are used for identifying the landmarks and the data capture areas. Terms LM1, LM2 and LM3 are used for identifying three landmarks. Similarly, the next seven terms are used to identify rental transaction data, that is, the invoice No. ("Inv"), customer ("Cust"), type of transaction ("Type"), the number of days desired to rent the video cassette ("Qty"), volume identification or the number of the volume ("Vo Id") of the item being rented or sold, title of the video cassette ("Title") and the price or charge for the rental or sale ("Price"). Also displayed on the right side of the screen is a row of 10 rectangular shaded areas, each of which corresponds to one of the 10 terms displayed in the sub-menu. The top-most shaded area is reserved for landmark No. 1, the next shaded area below is for landmark No. 2, and so forth, down to the bottom shaded area which is for the price data. The operator can move the shaded areas and change their sizes to cover the desired landmark and information areas as described below with reference to Screens 5 and 6. Any of the terms in the submenu in Screen 4 can be selected by pressing "ALT" plus one of the keys 0 to 9 on the keyboard. When this is done, Screen 5 illustrated in FIG. 4I appears. Each of the shaded areas on the right side of the screen can be moved to a desired location to cover the area where certain data appears. The shaded areas can be moved by using the cursor or arrow keys (↑, ←, ↓, →). The size of each area can be modified by using the "Shift" key together with the desired arrow key. The technology for creating, moving and enlarging these areas is well known in the art and will not be described here. For example, such technology is utilized in a number of word processing programs which are commercially available. As shown in Screen 5, the areas containing the "INVOICE NUMBER", "CASHR/DRAWER" and "NO. DESCRIPTION" have been selected as the three landmark areas. This has been done by moving the three uppermost shaded areas in Screen 4 to the left, as shown in Screen 5. These three areas were selected because collectively they contain data which is unique to the rental screen in terms of content and location. Therefore, later, during use of the "trapper program", if each of the terms "INVOICE NUMBER", "CASHR/DRAWER" and "NO. DESCRIPTION" is detected in these landmark areas, then the screen being displayed is identified as a rental screen from which data is to be saved for transmission to the central computer 12. Screen 6 illustrated in FIG. 4J is the same as Screen 5, except that the data capture areas have been fully defined. The manipulative steps involved are illustrated by the following example. The operator presses the "Alt" and the "4" keys to activate the fourth shaded area from the top in the right portion of Screen 4. Then, this capture area is moved by use of the arrow keys so as to cover the "1" following the "INVOICE NUMBER" term on the top line of the screen. This area then is reduced in size, by using the "SHIFT" and the arrow keys, as it has been described above, so as to cover only the area reserved for the invoice numbers. Similarly, the other data capture areas are moved and re-shaped to cover the customer number, the type or RSCF column, the quantity or days out column, the volume identification No. column (i.e., the column entitled "NO."), and the title and the price or charge column. Later, during operation of the "trapper" program, the data in these seven data captures areas is saved for later transmission to the central computer 12. The pattern of data capture areas shown in Screen 6 is referred to in this patent application as a "template". Upon completing the template for the video cassette rentals, the operator presses the ESCAPE key. As a result, the teacher program exits from the sub-menu and returns to the main menu display shown in Screen 3 above. Upon pressing the ESCAPE key a second time, the operator restores the rental screen normally displayed by the application software, Screen 2 which is shown above. The teacher program can be used in the same manner to set or adjust the landmark and data capture areas for other screens, such as for returns, etc. FIG. 7 is a block diagram of the data tap 22. The data tap includes a microcontroller 102, a memory segmentation and selection circuit 104, a programmable serial I/O circuit 112, a parallel I/O circuit 116, a local area network (LAN) I/O circuit 120 and a data, address and control bus 110. The data tap 22 is connected to the master computer 25 by way of the LAN I/O circuit 120 and a cable as shown above in FIG. 5 or FIG. 6, etc. (not shown in FIG. 7). This allows communication between the master computer and the data tap. In a preferred embodiment, both transmitted and received communications are differentially driven by utilizing RS-422 or RS-485 interfaces. The use of these interfaces allows effective communications over relatively large distances. That is, an RS-422 or RS-485 interface allows effective communication up to a length of approximately 5,000 feet, whereas a standard RS-232 interface typically restricts the effective length of a communication path to only about 50 feet. The LAN I/O circuit 120 is preferably configured so as to allow "daisy chain" connections between multiple terminals or work stations, as described above, and as it will be described in greater detail below. The parallel I/O circuit 116 includes two parallel ports 240, 242 in which one of the ports 242 is adapted to function in a bi-directional manner as either an input or an output port. This bi-directional port 242 is connected to the printer, 212 as shown in FIG. 5. The other port 240 may be connected to a terminal, a server computer or a workstation, also as shown in FIG. 5. The programmable serial I/O circuit 112 contains a dual universal asynchronous receiver transmitter (Dual UART) integrated circuit. This I/O circuit has two serial interface ports 230, 232, in which one of the ports 232 is connected to a POS terminal and the other port 230 is connected to its server computer, for example, a Unix server, as shown in FIG. 6. The microcontroller 102 is adapted to control the data processing functions performed by the data tap. As an example, the microcontroller may be an 8-bit microcontroller such as model no. MC68HC11A1 manufactured by the Motorola Corporation. This microcontroller is limited to controlling 64 k-bytes of data, which is entirely adequate for the task. The memory segmentation and selection circuit 104 includes a EPROM 106 and a RAM 108. This circuit is adapted to apportion areas of the EPROM and RAM as required. Since the preferred microcontroller is limited to controlling 64 k-bytes of data, the total available memory in the EPROM and RAM is also limited to 64 k-bytes, As a result, in a preferred embodiment, the EPROM has 32 k-bytes of memory capacity in which 8 k-bytes are available and the RAM has 64 k-bytes of memory capacity in which 56 k-bytes are available. The RAM is adapted to receive an operating program from the master computer 25 and to store the same within its 56 k-bytes of available memory. A boot code program is stored within the 8 k-bytes of available memory in the EPROM. Predetermined subroutines may also be stored in the EPROM. A power supply 122 receives power from an external power source, for example, a 115 V., 60 Hz outlet, and transforms the 115 V. power to 5 Vdc which is used to power the data tap 22. Alternatively, the power supply may be configured so as to receive other input power which, for example, may be 230 V., 50 Hz, or other power available in other countries. A unique serial number circuit 114 is provided. It includes an integrated circuit and is adapted to generate a unique 48-bit number. This unique number is supplied via the bus 110 and the LAN I/O circuit 120 to the master computer 25. The master computer supplies this 48 bit number to the central computer 12. Alternatively, this number is replaced with a smaller unique number, for example, an 8-bit number, which may be supplied to the central computer. This number provides a means for identifying the data tap and the corresponding POS station. As an example, the central computer can identify a malfunctioning POS station to the store owner through use of the unique identification number. Further, in the event that a POS station is disconnected, either intentionally or unintentionally, the central computer can identify the disconnected POS station by use of the identification number. The data, address and control bus 110 provides a means for a controlled data transfer between the microcontroller 102, memory segmentation and selection circuit 104, programmable serial I/O circuit 112, unique serial number circuit 114, parallel I/O circuit 116, LEDS 118 and 119 and LAN I/O circuit 120. When power is applied to the data tap 22 from the power supply 122, the boot code program stored in the EPROM 106 is executed by the microcontroller circuit 102. As a result, the main operating program is downloaded from the master computer 25 into the RAM 108. The microcontroller then executes the program which was recently stored in the RAM. The subroutines stored in the EPROM may be addressed during execution of the main program. As previously described, the data tap 22 is connected between a printer and a data entry terminal by way of the parallel I/O circuit 116. Further, the data tap is coupled to the master computer 25 by way of the LAN I/O circuit 120. As it has been indicated above, a data template can be used to capture data either from the data displayed on the screen of the input terminal, or from the data sent to the printer to prepare a printed record of the transaction. Assuming that printer data is to be captured, printer data is sent from the input terminal to the data tap, where the data is temporarily stored in the RAM 108. While the data to be printed is temporarily stored in the RAM, the data tap executes the trapper routine so as to determine if the data to be printed contains relevant video record transaction information. As an example, if this determination indicates that the document to be printed is an invoice, then data appearing at specific locations, will be captured. That data typically includes the invoice number, the video title, etc. The data captured is temporarily stored in the RAM and later is transmitted to the master computer for storage until it is uploaded to the central computer. The stored data also is supplied through the parallel I/O circuit 116 to the printer in a regulated manner. Therefore, the data tap also functions as a data buffer for the printer. If it is screen data which is being captured, and if the POS system uses a data tap, the captured or trapped data is sent to the data tap where it is temporarily stored. By detecting the unique character or characters which are placed at the beginning and the end of the trapped data by the trapper program, the data tap is able to distinguish trapped data from data which is to be printed. This prevents the trapped data from being mistakenly supplied to the printer and then printed. The data temporarily stored in the data tap is subsequently supplied to the master computer 25. The master computer repeatedly polls all of the data taps in a POS system in sequence to determine if they have data to be transmitted to the master computer. If a data tap has any such data, the master computer signals the data tap to transmit it. The data is transmitted in separate data packets, one for each polling cycle, as it is commonly done in computer networks. Still referring to FIG. 7, light-emitting diodes ("LED's") 118 and 119 are used for providing information relevant to the operation of the data tap 22 to the operator. The activation of the green LED 119 indicate that the master computer is attempting to communicate with the data tap. The activation of the red LED 118 indicates that the data tap is properly communicating with the master computer. Additionally, the LED's 118 and 119 are utilized for fault isolation or error detection by causing the LED to blink. FIG. 10 is a perspective view of the small footprint terminal ("SFT") 23, and FIG. 8 is a block diagram of the circuitry of the SFT. The SFT 23 also is shown in FIGS. 1 and 2. The SFT, as shown in FIG. 10, includes a housing 500 with an upper surface 501. A display 148 and a keypad 50 are located on the upper surface 50. The SFT circuit shown in FIG. 8 includes a microcontroller 140, a memory segmentation and selection circuit 142, the display 148, a keypad controller 150, the keypad 50, a data, address and control bus 154, a programmable serial I/O circuit 156, a parallel I/O circuit 162 and a LAN I/O circuit 164. The memory segmentation and selection circuit 142 includes an EPROM 144 and a RAM 146. Circuit 142 controls the configuration of the EPROM 144 and RAM 146. In a preferred embodiment, EPROM 144 contains 64 k-bytes of which 8 k-bytes are available and RAM 146 contains 64 k-bytes of which 56 k-bytes are available. A boot-up program is stored within the EPROM 144. Preferably, the microcontroller, EPROM, RAM, I/O circuits, power supply and memory control circuits are the same as in the data tap 22 so as to take advantage of standardization as much as possible. The display 148 is adapted to display operator requested data. The display also may provide the operator with other useful information. For example, in the event that network communications with any of the master computer 25, the printer 16, the bar code reader 18, the credit card reader 28 or the cash drawer 15 are interrupted, an error message will be displayed. To aid during the installation of the system, installation messages may be displayed. Further, if the printer runs out of paper or if input data is in an incorrect format (e.g., the data does not contain the required number of numerals), an error message will be displayed. Furthermore, prompts to assist in the use of the credit card reader and the cash drawer also may be displayed. Referring now to FIG. 10, as well as FIG. 8, the display preferably is a two-line by 40 character wide reflective dot matrix liquid crystal display ("LCD"). Alternatively, the display can be a two-line by 24 character wide LED or vacuum fluorescent display, or one of a number of known, relatively inexpensive and compact displays. The keypad 50 has keys of the type having a tactile feel, with graphic overlay. The keypad 50 has numeric keys 534 which include ten keys for the numbers 0 through 9, and a decimal point key 523. These keys allow entry by the operator of rental, sale and customer identification numbers, quantity, discount information and price changes, and other numerical information. The keyboard has five edit keys which include a Clear All key 502; a Clear Item key 504; a Scroll Up key 508; a Scroll Down key 510; and a Back Space key 524. Pressing the Clear All key 502 clears all items or entries in the current transaction, and returns the display 148 to a ready state. Any data which was displayed on the display 148 is not forwarded to the master computer 25. The Clear Item key 504 clears the customer identification, item identification and/or the price of the item currently being displayed. This allows a revised customer identification, item identification and/or price of the current item to be entered and displayed. The Scroll Up and Scroll Down keys 508 and 510 change the lines which are displayed. As a result, when a customer has changed his or her mind about a transaction, or when an error has occurred, the operator is able to go back to a line which had been previously entered so that the operator may revise the line as desired. The backspace key 524 moves the operating display cursor (not shown) one space to the left each time this key is depressed. In so doing, the character occupying this space is deleted. The keypad has programmable function keys which include a Tape Return key 506; a No Tax Total key 512; a Print key 514; a Sell key 516; a Quantity key 518; a Discount key 520; a New Price key 522; a Customer key 526; a Rental key 528; a Total key 530; and an Amount Tendered key 532. The functions of these keys will be explained below. The small footprint terminal 23 is surprisingly versatile for a unit so small and inexpensive. It can be used to enter video record transactions and the sales of widely varying merchandise which also might be offered in the same store. It can be used to enter the sales of goods and beverages; clothing; hardware, and many other items as well as the sale, rental or return of video records. This versatility facilitates the installation of video record rental counters or departments in retail food stores, grocery stores, hardware stores, and many other types of stores which often do not rent video records, thus increasing the income of the stores, and expanding the distribution outlets for the video records. When the terminal is used as a part of a revenue-sharing video record rental it also facilitates the participation of the user in the revenue-sharing plan. The use of the SFT to enter such a wide variety of transactions now will be described. When power is first applied to the POS system including the SFT, the microcontroller 140 (FIG. 8) provides an operator message or "prompt" display via bus 154 to the display 148. The "prompt" is shown in Display 1 below. ##STR1## Display 1 instructs the operator to enter the customer number, or the Item identification number, or the price. If the transaction is a video record rental, the customer number is entered. The item I.D. or price is entered for other transactions. All of this information can be input by use of the keypad 50. The Item identification can be entered by use of the bar-code reader to read the number off of the product, or by use of the keypad. In the situation in which the price is to be entered, as later described, the price will be input by means of the keypad. Following is an example of the use of the SFT to record a rental transaction in which two video cassettes are rented to one customer. In response to Display 1, the operator enters the customer's identification number, which is 1234567. Then, Display 2 appears, instructing the operator to press the appropriate function key, ##STR2## The proper function key is the Customer key 526 (FIG. 10) which is pressed to indicate that the number is a customer number. Then, the SFT displays the customer's name and any late fees which the customer owes, as shown below in Display 3. In this example, the late fee owed is zero. ##STR3## Next, the identification number of the first video cassette of the two to be rented is entered, by means of the keypad or bar-code reader. Upon entering this number, the operator is instructed to press the appropriate function key, as shown below in Display 4. ##STR4## Since this video cassette is being rented, rather than sold, the Rental key 528 (FIG. 10) is pressed. As shown below, in Display 5, pressing the Rental key causes the title, rental return date and price of renting that cassette to be retrieved from memory in the master computer and displayed on the SFT display 148. ##STR5## Next, information relating to the rental of the second video cassette ("Title 2") is entered and displayed using the same steps as those described above for the rental of the first video cassette. These steps are shown by displays 6 and 7 below. ##STR6## Next, the Total key 530 is pressed. As shown below, in Display 8, pressing this key causes the total amount, including tax, to be calculated and displayed. Further, individual subtotals of the rental charge; charges for any sales included in the transaction; and tax amounts also are displayed. ##STR7## Assume, at this point, that the customer gives the operator $5.00 in payment for the rentals. The operator enters "5.", and is instructed to press the appropriate function key, as shown below in Display 9. ##STR8## The operator presses the Amount Tendered key 532, which causes the amount of change owed the customer to be computed and displayed, as shown below in Display 10. ##STR9## Next, signals are supplied to the drivers 157 and 158 (FIG. 8) so as to open the cash drawer and activate the buzzer 159. The buzzer warns the operator that the cash drawer is open. If the POS system is configured to automatically print a customer invoice, a data signal containing certain portions of the information relating to the transaction is supplied from the microcontroller 140 via the bus 154 and the parallel I/O circuit 162 to the printer. Upon receipt of this signal, the printer prints a customer invoice. If the POS system is not so configured, an invoice can be printed by pressing the Print key 514. If the transaction is the return of a rented tape cassette, the operator again inputs the customer's identification number in response to Display 1. Alternatively, in this situation, the customer identification number need not be entered. Now, the operator presses the Customer key 526, and then the Tape Return key 506. In response, the program of the SFT causes the display of the title of the rental cassette; the due date for its return; and any late fees due for late return of the rental cassette. The Total key 530 and the Amount Tendered key 532 can be used in the manner described above to complete the transaction, and the Print button can be used to print an invoice for the further fees. If a video record is being sold, rather than rented, the operator enters the cassette identification number in response to Display 1, and presses the Sell key 516 this identifies the transaction as a sale rather than a rental. Preferably, the data regarding this transaction, as well as the record rental data is captured, saved and eventually uploaded to the central computer. The sales transaction is concluded in the same manner as the other transactions described above. Sales of merchandise other than video records can be handled in the same way as for record sales, where the product has an identification code. Sales of merchandise which has no product code, or sales where the store does not use product codes for merchandise other than records, can be handled in another fashion. When Display 1 appears, the operator simply enters the price of the item together with a decimal point (e.g. "10."), and the program recognizes this as a sale, and the price and the words "DIRECT SALE" are displayed. The sales transaction then is completed in the same way as other transactions. In sorting the data concerning video record rentals or sales from other transactions, the identification numbers on the cassettes are used to identify the product as a video record. This causes the data for the transaction to be arranged in a predetermined format. A template is used, in the manner described above, to identify the display, and to data capture selected parts of the data, and to save and upload the data to the central computer. Various other function keys are provided to assist in recording rental and sales transactions. The No Tax Total key 512 is used to calculate a subtotal without including sales tax. Upon depressing this key, "NO TAX TOTAL" and the corresponding cost is displayed on the display 148. The Quantity key 518 can be used to enter quantity of the item being sold or rented, where more than one such item is being sold or rented. The resultant cost (i.e., quantity x unit price of the item) is displayed. If the item is being rented, the Quantity key 518 is used to input the number of rental periods, for example, the number of days, for which the customer desires; to keep the record. In this situation, the due date and the price are displayed. The Discount key 520 can be pressed after either an item has been entered, or the Total key 530 has been pressed. In the former situation, the discount entered is applied to the associated item to reduce its price. In the latter situation, the discount entered is applied to the total cost of the transaction. In either situation, the discount value is interpreted by the SFT 23 as an actual discount amount, if the decimal point key 523 is used. However, if the decimal key is not used, then the discount is interpreted as a percentage. The Change Price key 522 is used to override the stored price and manually enter a new price of an item. This allows incorrect or outdated rental or sales prices stored in the data base of the master computer 25 to be corrected. This key may also be used to modify a late fee. However, this key can not be used to change either the total amount of the transaction or the applicable tax. As it is shown in FIG. 10, the keys on the keypad 50 have been arranged optimally. For example, the four most frequently used function keys (that is, the Customer, Rental, Total and Amount keys) are arranged in an array located on the right hand portion of the keypad and in a sequence which is anticipated to be that most often used in a rental transaction. The numeric keys 534 are arranged in a pattern substantially similar to that of most calculator keypads. Further, the more frequently used keys such as the Customer, Tape Return, etc. keys are wider or higher than the other keys and also are identified with distinctive colors. This arrangement makes the keypad 50 very user friendly. As a result, daily operations are relatively easy to perform. Further, training time for new operators is minimized. The SFT achieves its compact size and low cost in part by the elimination of the 26 letter keys of the usual keyboard. It also uses a display of greatly reduced size and cost to achieve those results. Despite the lower cost and smaller size, the terminal is versatile and reliable. More over it is not "dumb"; it has its own "intelligence" and storage capacity, and programming which helps it achieve versatility. Referring again to FIG. 8, the keypad controller 150 preferably is a microprocessor, such as the model number 16C54 microprocessor manufactured by the MicroChip Corporation. The chip 150 contains a ROM. Stored in this ROM is a program used for controlling the keypad operation. The keypad controller is adapted to "debounce" the keypad in a conventional manner, and to transmit data corresponding to the operator-selected keys to the microcontroller 140. Circuits 156, 157 and 162 provide tke respective interfaces for the bar code wand 18, the cash drawer 17 and the printer 16. The programmable serial I/O circuit 156 contains a universal asynchronous receiver transmitter (UART) integrated circuit device and is adapted to provide a serial interface for the bar code wand. As a result, data received from the bar code wand is supplied to the microcontroller 140. The driver circuit 157, in response to a predetermined signal from the microcontroller 140, supplies an enabling signal to the cash drawer 15 which causes the cash drawer to open. An additional predetermined signal is supplied from the microcontroller 140 through a driver circuit 158 to a buzzer 159. The buzzer 159 is activated to inform the operator of the opening of the cash drawer. The parallel I/O circuit 162 is adapted to enable data transfer between the SFT 23 and the printer 16. Circuit 162 includes a parallel port which may function in a bi-directional manner, that is, as either an input or an output port. The buzzer 159 is also actuated if one of the previously-described error messages is displayed, or when a function is completed which has taken longer than a predetermined time, for example, a few seconds, to complete. In this latter situation, the use of the buzzer helps to reduce operator fatigue, by allowing the operator to direct his or her attention away from the SFT 23 during relatively long processing time periods. The buzzer also is activated if a key is pressed out of the correct sequence. In this situation, the display 148 will display an "INVALID KEY" message for a predetermined time period which, for example, may be approximately one second. The data, address and control bus 154 is connected to the circuits of the SFT 23 as shown in FIG. 8. This bus provides a controlled path by which data may be transferred between the circuits of the SFT. The unique serial number circuit 160, LAN I/O circuit 164 and the power supply circuit 166 are substantially similar to the unique serial number circuit 114, LAN I/O circuit 120 and power supply circuit 122, previously explained with reference to FIG. 7 and, as such, will not be further described. Upon applying power to the SFT 23 through the power supply circuit 166, the boot-up program stored in the EPROM 144 is executed by the microcontroller 140. This causes an operating program from the master computer 42 to be downloaded into the RAM 146. Thereafter, the microcontroller 140 executes the operating program stored in the RAM 146. As with the EPROM 106 of FIG. 7, the EPROM 144 may contain predetermined subroutines which may be referenced in the operating program. When this occurs, such subroutines will be read from the EPROM 144 and executed during the execution of the operating program by the microcontroller 140. The SFT 23 is enabled to receive incoming data from the master computer 25 via the LAN I/O circuit 164. The SFT may also receive incoming data from the bar code reader 18 or the credit card reader 28 via the programmable serial I/O circuit 156. The SFT also receives operator-input data from the keypad 50. The SFT, through use of the microcontroller 140, provides data to the printer 16 and the display 148, and provides enabling signals to the cash drawer 15. The SFT also supplies data relating to completed transactions via the LAN I/O circuit 164 to the master computer 25. Cable connectors (not shown) are provided at the rear of the SFT 23 for cable connections to each of the bar code wand; the credit card reader; the printer; the cash drawer; and the LAN. The small footprint terminal provides a relatively simple, compact and inexpensive sales terminal for POS systems in general, and particularly for video record rental and sales activity. By recognizing that the full keyboard, video screen and other features of a full-feature input computer are not necessary, applicants have lowered the cost and space requirement for entry into the efficient computerized business operations, and revenue-sharing video record rentals. FIG. 9 is a block diagram of the LAN adapter 27. The LAN adapter enables data communications between the master computer and all units which are connected to the LAN adapter, including, for example, SFT's and data taps. The LAN adapter circuitry preferably is configured to be mounted on a single printed circuit board which may be inserted into an expansion slot of the master computer. Upon being inserted into the expansion slot, the LAN adapter card is connected to the master computer's bus. This enables power to be supplied to the LAN adapter and enables data transfer. The LAN adapter includes a microprocessor 180, a memory segmentation and selection circuit 182, a programmable serial I/O circuit 188, a LAN I/O circuit 190, a dual port arbitration circuit 192 and a dual port RAM 196. The microprocessor, I/O circuits, and memory circuits preferably are the same as corresponding components in the data tap and SFT, to obtain the benefits of standardization. The memory segmentation and selection circuit 182 includes an EPROM 184 having 32 k-bytes of memory capacity and a RAM 186 having 64 k-bytes of memory capacity. The circuit 182 is adapted to function in a manner similar to that of the previously described memory segmentation and selection circuits 104 and 142. That is, the EPROM 184 is adapted to store a boot code program. This stored boot program is executed by the microprocessor 180 when power is applied to the LAN adapter or when the microprocessor is reset. As a result of executing this program, a main operating program is downloaded from the master computer into the RAM. The main program is then executed by the microprocessor. This program enables the LAN adapter to perform a rapidly repeating polling of the units connected to the LAN adapter. The results of this polling are supplied to the master computer, and the master computer responds accordingly. For example, as previously described, data taps are periodically polled to determine if they have data for the master computer. If they do, then the master computer may request such data be transmitted to the master computer by way of the LAN adapter. The dual port RAM 196, which in a preferred embodiment is an 8 k-byte dual port RAM, enables the LAN adapter to communicated with the master computer in an asynchronous manner. Utilizing such a dual port RAM increases the amount of data transfer between the adapter and the master computer by eliminating the need for hardware interrupts. However, only one of the LAN adapter and the master computer may access the dual port RAM at a given time. Controlling which of these devices has access to the dual port RAM is performed by the dual port arbitration circuit 192. The dual port arbitration circuit 132 generates a control signal which indicates when the dual port RAM is activated. This control signal is supplied from the dual port arbitration circuit to the master computer. In response to this control signal, neither the LAN adapter nor the master computer will attempt to access the dual port RAM while the dual port RAM is in use. That is, whichever first accesses the dual port RAM asserts an arbitration/bit flag so as to deny the other access until the bit is reset. The dual port arbitration circuit all. so sets the address range of the dual port RAM. Since in the preferred embodiment the dual port RAM contains 8 k-bytes of memory capacity, the dual port RAM only requires an 8-k address range. However, the master computer is typically adapted to address a memory from within a 24-bit address range and the LAN adapter is adapted to address a memory from within a 16-bit address range. To accommodate this difference in address ranges, an 8-bit memory offset address switch 194 is utilized. That is, this offset address switch shifts the 8-k address range of the dual port RAM within the 24 bit address range of the master computer as required. The LAN I/O circuit 190 is adapted to transmit and receive data to and from the devices connected to the LAN adapter such as a data tap and a SFT. Communications between these devices and the LAN I/O circuit are differentially driven by using, for example, RS-422 and RS-485 interfaces. This LAN I/O circuit operates substantially similar to the previously described LAN I/O circuits 120 and 164 and, as such, will not be further described. The programmable serial I/O circuit 188 is adapted to transform data between serial and parallel format. In a preferred embodiment, the programmable serial I/O circuit contains a universal asynchronous receiver transmitter (UART). A LED 191 is coupled to the LAN I/O circuit 190 and is adapted to provide an indication of the current operating status of the LAN adapter. For example, a lit LED indicates that the LAN adapter is being addressed. As shown in FIG. 9, the data, address and control bus 198 enables controlled communications between the microprocessor 180, memory segmentation and selection circuit 182, programmable serial I/O circuit 188 and the dual port arbitration circuit 192. Communication between the programmable serial I/O circuit 188 and the LAN I/O circuit 190 is by way of a bus 199. Likewise, communication between the dual port arbitration circuit 192 and the dual port RAM 196 is by way of a communication bus 197. Thus, the LAN adapter performs polling of the attached slave units and processes commands received from the master computer for transmission to the respective slave units. By performing the polling function in the LAN adapter, instead of the master computer, the demand on processing cycles is reduced in the master computer. As a result, a master computer having slower processing speed may be utilized, thus reducing the costs. Alternatively, the master computer may use the processing cycles saved in performing additional functions. By utilizing the RS-422 or RS-485 interfaces, data communication over a relatively long path can be accommodated. If only one POS station in a store is needed, without SFT's or data taps, the LAN adapter is not required. However, if additional check-out stations are added and one or more SFTs or data taps is added, the LAN adapter can be installed easily in an expansion slot of the master computer. In some personal computer operating environments, such as those supporting a graphical user's interface (GUI), for example, WINDOWS® from the Microsoft Corp. and OS/2® from the Microsoft or the IBM corporations, screen displays may be controlled on a bit-by-bit basis. In these circumstances, the TEACHER and TRAPPER programs may be modified so as to be used therein. These modified versions may be responsive to ASCII or other standard coding methods. However, the ASCII representations are not typically written directly to the display controller, but would be otherwise communicated within the operating environment in a way that is easily accessible by the TEACHER or TRAPPER. Although preferred embodiments of the present invention have been described in detail herein, it is to be understood that this invention is not limited to those precise embodiments, and that many modifications and variations may be made by those skilled in the art without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention as defined by the following claims.
ID Theft Solutions You've logged in, managed your finances, and can rest easy knowing you did it all on a secure site. Independent Bank of Texas takes aggressive steps to give you peace of mind that you are not mistakenly logging in to a bogus site and compromising your identity. It's true that online banking has made managing our finances easier. However, it has also made customers and financial institutions susceptible to "phishing" schemes designed to con you into divulging sensitive financial information. With an estimated more than 11,900 phishing sites active, it has become a huge tool for identity-theft scammers. That's why IBT is taking the next step in safeguarding your identity and financial information. IBT provides our customers with a next generation multilevel authentication process. This process is a password enhanced PC forensics solution that identifies each customer by their password and specific computer being used, and matches it with a secret unique image displayed on your login page. Not only is your identity proven to the IBT website, but our website also proves its identity to you. IBT's Identity Theft Solution combines the traditional user name and password with the user computer's unique fingerprint resulting in an end-to-end protection against phishing, spoofing, keyboard logging, and other fraudulent attacks. Along with the increased protection, implementation is done without the need for new software. For customers with more than one PC, authentication confirmation is done through emailing a one-time password or by answering a unique question. Next Generation Multilevel Authentication Process 1. USER VERIFICATION Using secure cookies and Macromedia Flash shared objects, the user's computer is registered with a single device ID. IBT's ID Theft Solution examines a number of the user computer's characteristics to create a unique fingerprint that is checked each time the user logs in. With this security measure in place, criminals are unable to access account information even if they have the username and password. 2. WEBSITE VERIFICATION In addition to the extra security measures taken on the user's end, IBT's website must prove its authentication to the user. This is done via a secret image chosen from more than 50,000 that is unique to each individual customer and is displayed on the login page. This visual security measure ensures that the user is on the correct website and not on a phishing or spoof site. 3. LOGIN VERIFICATION Once the user's computer and company website are verified, the user then enters their username and password to complete the login process. If IBT's Identity Solution detects anything suspicious during the login process, the user is asked to verify their identity by answering a challenge question. If answered correctly, the unique image appears and they can then enter their password to complete the login.
Oooooweeeeeeooooo. Scary, huh? Well, to a poor, unsuspecting, newly-recovered from the flu Ob/Gyn, it is the scariest prospect around. You see, for the first time (and I do mean, the very first time) in 4 years, I was oh-so-fortunate to have an entire 3 weekends off...in a ROW! The audacity! The outrage! Ohhhhh, and the payback. You see, 2 of those weekends were included on my vacation, which was less vacation, and more "how much activity can you cram into 10 days?" This was spent in the southerly regions and in Newville, the site of our pending relocation. The third weekend was Easter weekend, by some stroke of luck, I was able to convince OMFH to grant me the holiday off, to visit with Mr. Whoo's family in the Great White North. Easter weekend marked the beginning of the the Whoo Family's dalliance with "The Flu." It started with Bean, quickly moved to me, and took out CindyLou later on in the week. Mr. Whoo is the only one left standing, and he's starting to get that characteristic hacking cough. Surely, I thought in my fever-fogged brain, out of all that glorious time off, some of my patients would deliver in my absence. Much to their delight (and my relative dismay), they did not. Other Doc, throughout the whole of my vacation and time off, did not deliver a single patient of mine. Instead, they all waited for me. So this week, between popping Day.Quil, Ny.Quil, and Mot.rin, I have been exceedingly busy. The day that I returned from vacation, I had an induction for post-dates (41 weeks and 6 days). She had received cervical ripening overnight and actually was really contracting well. About 5 minutes after I hit the floor, she SROM'd the thickest meconium fluid I had ever seen, this was followed by a 10 minute trip to the 60s for the fetal heart rate. I checked for a cord, couldn't find one, tried everything possible to get the kiddo to recover, and eventually went down for an emergent cesarean. The baby was out in less than a minute, and needed a little transition time, but ended up doing very well. Not the best way to start the morning. After finishing up the paper work and talking to the family, I saw a familiar patient roll up to the nurse's station...in obvious distress. She was supposed to have a repeat C-section later that week, but, she was in labor today. Back we went to the OR, where I delivered a 9.5 pound baby boy. I finally made it to the office that day around 3 o'clock. The rest of the week continued in a similar fashion. There was a severe IUGR baby, born to a couple that struggled with fertility for a very long time. She was only 37 weeks, but the baby was measuring 32 weeks. We had watched the growth for the last few weeks, and it had steadily plateaued. The patient received only cerv.idil, but quickly labored and delivered a healthy, 5 pound baby girl. The placenta was incredibly calcified and quite small, so I felt confident the correct decision to deliver had been made. Unfortunately, there were a few inductions, one for preeclampsia and one for post dates that ended in late night cesarean sections. Both moms and babies did well, but I hate to have failed inductions. It makes me feel as if I have failed those patients. Oh, and then the "weekend" came. My first weekend back since vacation, and, let's face it, I was already dragging from a busy week and a lingering illness, and OtherDoc had a similarly bad week. There were a million patients to round on, and about half a million circs (my favorite! Not.) I got the first call a little after midnight about patient at term with SROM. I had a little hope, as she did not want an epidural (score 1) and was only 2 cm when she was admitted (score 2!) Between my sick kids and being paged every hour from patients and from labor and delivery, very little rest was had between her admission and the call telling me that she was 8 cm at 4:00am. I arrived at the hospital right as she was beginning to push. Blessedly, it was a very nice, smooth delivery. No tears and a healthy baby. I'm sure my patients didn't appreciate being rounded on at 5 am, but I certainly wasn't coming back later! I did my umpteen circs, rounds, discharges, and spent the rest of the day trying, unsuccessfully to catch up on rest. In the late afternoon, another "rule out labor" came in to triage. She had not changed her cervix, but she was post dates, and I decided to keep her for observation. I communicated several times with the nursing staff before I went to bed, and was assured she was "doing nothing." I took a Ny.Quil and was in bed no later than 10:30. Imagine my surprise when I received a page at 3:30 am telling me she was completely dilated. It was an all-too-familiar dash to the hospital in the middle of the night. I arrived, broke the bag of water, and she pushed out a beautiful 8.5 pound boy over an intact perineum. Once again, it was circs at 4:30 am, and rounds at 5 am. I have spent the rest of the day trying to recover. I am just now starting to feel human again. I really can't keep up this pace. I hope that I have done sufficient penance for my time off, and that the pregnant ladies are merciful tonight!
Terms and Conditions 7 August 2013 Thank you for visiting this website (the "Site"). By using this Site, you accept these Terms and agree to abide by them. If you do not accept these Terms, do not use this Site. We may change these Terms from time to time, so you should review them each time that you visit the Site. You should print a copy of these Terms for future reference. 1. About us 1.1 This Site is operated by Local World Ltd, a company registered in England under company number 08290481 with a registered office at PO Box 10177, 50 St George Street, Leicester LE1 8ED ("we", "us", "our"). You can contact us using the following email address: firstname.lastname@example.org 2. Using our Site 2.1 You may view (and, where applicable, listen to) the content available on the Site for personal non-commercial use. You may occasionally print individual webpages on the Site for your private non-commercial use, provided that such printing is not substantial or systematic and our trade marks and copyright and trade mark notices are not removed. 2.2 Unless otherwise stated in these Terms, you must not (whether directly or indirectly) copy, download, store, make available, distribute, sell or offer to sell all or any part of the content or Site, or download or otherwise copy (whether directly or indirectly) any content, files or data from the Site to make or populate a database or publication of any kind whatsoever. 2.3 You must not use all or any part of our Site or the contents on it for commercial purposes without our permission. 2.4 Users, whether or not registered, must not abuse our Report Abuse facility e.g. by making malicious reports. 3.1 You must choose an email address which gives you frequent access to emails sent to that address, as we need to be able to contact you. You must keep your password confidential. 3.2 You must not: (i) impersonate or try to impersonate another person; (ii) disclose your password to anyone else; (iii) allow anyone else to use your account; (iv) use anyone else's account. 3.3 You are responsible for everything done using your account. If you think that someone else may have access to, or be using, your password or account, you must tell us as soon as possible by emailing email@example.com. 4. Your Content – what we are allowed to do 4.1 We may publish, check, edit or remove all or part of the comments or other material, including your name, town and country, which you submit to us ('Your Content'), at our sole discretion. We are not obliged to do any of these things and we may not. 4.2 You retain any copyright you may have in Your Content. By submitting material to us, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide licence to use, copy, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, make available, communicate and distribute Your Content (in whole or part), to incorporate Your Content (in whole or in part) in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed and/or to authorise the Newspaper Licensing Agency (‘NLA’) to distribute (and/or permit third parties to distribute on the NLA’s behalf) Your Content in connection with its licensed acts and purposes (as amended from time to time). By submitting Your Content, you warrant that you have the right to grant this licence. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. 4.3 To the extent permitted by law, you waive your moral rights (e.g. the right to be identified as author or to object to derogatory treatment) in Your Content. This clause means, for example (without limitation), that we can: * Continue to publish all or part of Your Content, including your name, town and country, even if you change your mind and want us to remove it and/or you are no longer registered with the Site; * Remove Your Content, even if you have not breached these Terms or our House Rules * Use all or part of Your Content in promoting our products and services (e.g. we may use a screenshot including your comments in our advertising); * Edit your Content, which may result in a part of it being modified and displayed, including without your name. Please note that we do not check, monitor, moderate or even see all the comments and other material submitted to us. 5. Your Content - what you are not allowed to do 5.1 You must not submit any material to our Site that: (i) defamatory, malicious, threatening, false, misleading, offensive, abusive, discriminatory, harassing, blasphemous or racist, (ii) indecent, obscene or of a sexual nature, (iii) a breach of confidentiality or someone's privacy; (b) could prejudice any active legal proceedings of which you are aware; (c) is likely to: (i) cause someone alarm, anxiety or distress; (ii) encourage violence or racial or religious hatred; (d) infringes any intellectual property rights, such as copyright and trade marks. This means generally that you must own the rights in everything you submit or must obtain permission from the rights owner to submit the material; (e) is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software, harmful data or conduct); (f) advertises any product or services without our prior permission; (a) impersonates anyone else or otherwise misrepresents your identity, affiliation or status; (c) is, encourages or teaches conduct that is a criminal offence, gives rise to civil liability, or is otherwise unlawful; 5.2 You must not try to get round any protections we put in place for the security and operation of the Site. 5.3 You must not re-submit content which you are aware has been removed. 6. Suspending or terminating your registration 6.1 We may suspend, terminate or prevent your registration at our sole discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached or will breach these Terms or our House Rules or someone has reported abuse. 6.2 Where we suspend, terminate or prevent your registration, you must not attempt to re-register or submit content (e.g. using someone else's registration), without our permission. The period of any suspension depends on all the circumstances. 7. Third party content and links available on this Site 7.1 We are not liable or responsible for the third party content on this Site. Third party content includes, for example, comments posted by users and the content of advertisements. 7.2 Where this Site contains links to other sites and resources, which are provided by third parties, these links and resources are provided for your information only and you access them at your own risk. We are not liable or responsible for the content of third party sites or resources. If you see something which you reasonably believe breaches these Terms or our House Rules, please use the Report Abuse facility. If there is no facility available, please contact us on firstname.lastname@example.org 8. Our liability 8.1 The information contained on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute advice. You should check any information on the Site and use your own judgment before doing or not doing anything on the basis of what you see. We give no warranties of any kind in relation to the Site or its contents. 8.2 Except for liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, we are not liable for: (a) any action you may take as a result of relying on any information provided on this Site or for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of you taking this action; (b) any dealings you have with third parties (e.g. other users, advertisers or promoters) that take place using or facilitated by the Site; (c) any liability for losses which are not a foreseeable or likely consequence of (i) your use of the Site, or (ii) a breach of these Terms. 8.3 We are not responsible if you cannot access the Site properly or at all because of any event outside our control, for example (without limitation) the performance of your or our ISP, your browser or the Internet. 8.4 The Site relies in part on software to work. Software has bugs. Whilst we will monitor the Site and try to fix bugs, we cannot guarantee that the Site or any individual feature of the Site will be error free, available all the time and/or free from viruses. 8.5 However, nothing in these Terms will affect any liability we may have for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law. 9. Maintenance of the Site 9.1 Making your use of the Site enjoyable means we need to fix bugs, install updates and do general diagnosis and maintenance of the Site. We will try to do scheduled maintenance during times when we anticipate that online use is lower than normal. 9.2 We also need to be able to do emergency maintenance and/or suspend access to the servers where, in our reasonable discretion, we see the need to do that. We will try to have the Site available again as soon as we think it is safe to do so. 10. Your personal information 11. Validity of these terms 11.1 If any part or provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of any other part or provision. 12. Jurisdiction and applicable law 12.1 These Terms are governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute relating to these Terms. 13. Football League fixtures 2012-13 13.1 Copyright © and Database Copyright 2013 Football DataCo Ltd, The Football League Ltd. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any way or by any means, (including photocopying, recording or storing it in any medium by electronic means), without the written permission of the copyright/database copyright owner. Applications for written permission should be addressed c/o Football DataCo Ltd, 30 Gloucester Place, London W1U 8PL 14. My Local World Data supplied by police.uk (www.police.uk), the Department of Health (www.gov.uk/government/organisations/department-of-health), the Department of Education (www.education.gov.uk) and Highways Agency (www.highways.gov.uk/traffic-information) under the Open Government Licence (www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence)
What difference does it make - to volunteers? 13 February 2006, 15:43 by Editor, World Volunteer Web Without any qualms, Jon Snow, a British television reporter, claimed that volunteering changed his life after teaching children in Uganda. Since then, he’s been working with volunteer organizations. Some volunteers’ names are etched in the history of astronomy - a "submicroscopic dust" will be named after them. NASA recently enlisted an army of Internet volunteers to identify interstellar dust from the Stardust earth re-entry. In another kind of stargazing, do you know that the international Sundance film festival, like most cultural and sports events, are practically run by volunteers? Not only that, China will start recruiting volunteers this June for the Beijing 2008 Olympics. These are but a few stories that illustrate volunteers’ impact - individually and collectively. But a recent research showed that some volunteers don’t value their experiences. A study done by UK’s Chartered Management Institute and the international volunteer-sending organization VSO, reveal that some individuals fail to capitalize on their volunteering experiences. What does your volunteer experience teach you? How do you apply the skills you’ve learned during volunteering in your normal, everyday work and life? Did volunteering make a difference? Tell us here!
A forum for discussing JSR 289, the SipServlet API 1.1 I read somewhere that JSR 289 supports IMS application creation. Is this so? Can someone point me towards more information on this. Thanks. You could take a look at http://sailfin.dev.java.net Your use of this web site or any of its content or software indicates your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Participation. Copyright © 2015, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA, February 4, 2014 – Xoom Corporation (NASDAQ: XOOM), a leading digital money transfer provider, today announced it has acquired BlueKite, LTD, a cutting edge technology company that develops solutions and applications to improve the way people around the world pay their bills. Xoom acquired BlueKite for approximately $15 million in cash and equity. BlueKite has built a robust technology platform for cross-border bill payments and mobile phone top ups. This acquisition will allow Xoom to offer adjacent services to their burgeoning money transfer offerings, with the ability to pay bills for their loved ones, as well as top-up mobile phones. By facilitating safe, reliable and accurate cross-border bill payments, Xoom will be able to help its customers take even better care of family members back in their home country. Guatemala City-based BlueKite currently has 30 employees. “I am very pleased to announce that Xoom has acquired this exciting, young company, BlueKite. By adding these services, Xoom continues to broaden our relationship with our customers, and in so doing, create greater lifetime value and increased loyalty to the Xoom brand,” said John Kunze, President and CEO for Xoom. “We’re excited to build out bill pay and top-up services and enlarge and strengthen the Xoom team with our new development center in Guatemala City. This development center will also augment our San Francisco product and development efforts.” Bobby Aitkenhead, former CEO of BlueKite, will report to Kunze as vice president in charge of Xoom Bill Pay and Xoom Top Up. "Xoom’s online and mobile platforms are disrupting traditional forms of money transfer, and we are thrilled to be part of the Xoom team,” said Aitkenhead. “The people, technology, consumer reach, and brand appeal are a perfect fit for our company. We all look forward to a great future together and contributing to Xoom’s mission of offering customers convenient, fast and cost-effective ways to send money." Initial product services will be announced later this year. Xoom is a leading digital money transfer provider in 31 countries, focused on helping consumers send money in a secure, fast and cost-effective way using their mobile phone, tablet or computer. During the year ended December 31, 2013, Xoom’s more than one million active customers sent more than $5.5 billion to family and friends. The company is headquartered in San Francisco and can be found online at www.xoom.com. This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 relating to, among other things, expectations, plans and prospects for Xoom, including, but not limited to, its expectations regarding its expansion into new markets, ability to improve the way people around the world pay their bills and market demand for bill pay products. These forward-looking statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of Xoom’s management as of the date of this press release, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made in this press release are based on information available to Xoom as of the date thereof,and Xoom disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In particular, the following factors, among others, could cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements: the evolving nature of the industry in which Xoom operates; its failure to attract new customers or retain existing customers; economic, political or regulatory factors beyond its control, in the U.S. or in countries to which its customers transfer money and pay bills; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; competitive pricing and marketing strategies by competitors; the adoption of competing technologies that supplant its services; the failure of partners to disburse funds according to Xoom’s instructions; declines in customer confidence in its business or in money transfer providers generally; potential breaches of its security systems; and other risks and uncertainties. For a detailed discussion of these and other cautionary statements, please refer to the risk factors discussed in filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including but not limited to Xoom’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013, Xoom’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 declared effective on September 10, 2013, and any subsequently filed reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. All documents are available through the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval system (“EDGAR”) at www.sec.gov or Xoom’s website at www.xoom.com.
A few more notes *The Orioles will conduct an open tryout to find ballgirls and ballboys for the 2013 season at Oriole Park at Camden Yards on Saturday, March 9. Outgoing and athletic men and women ages 18 and older who are interested in serving as ballboys and ballgirls for the Orioles during the upcoming 2013 season are invited to try out for a position at Oriole Park beginning at noon on March 9. Those interested should dress casually, bring their own gloves, and use the Home Plate Plaza entrance to Oriole Park on the southwest corner of the ballpark. Resumes are also recommended. Complimentary parking will be available in Lot A. In addition to being able to handle a glove and field ground balls, interested candidates should be personable, customer-service oriented and available to work the entire 2013 season. *The Orioles have two players, Brenden Webb and Michael Ohlman, in the Australian Baseball League. Their them, the Perth Heat, are playing in the Championship Feb 8 – 10. Ohlman is a first baseman and through 43 games is hitting .317/.372/.527 with six homers and 27 RBIs, while Webb –who has primarily played right field– is hitting .190/.365/.466 with five homers and 10 RBIs in 18 games. *In case you missed it, my colleague at Indians.com –Jordan Bastian– did a nice job chronicling the interesting winter of Russ Canzler, who was claimed by the Orioles (his fourth team this winter) earlier this week. You can read that story here.
VIERA, Fla. -- The Mets and right-hander Matt Harvey have officially come to an agreement regarding the location of his Tommy John rehab, according to general manager Sandy Alderson. The Mets will permit Harvey -- thanks to a clause in the Collective Bargaining Agreement preventing the club from keeping him in Florida for more than 20 days -- to rehab at Citi Field when the team is at home, giving him access to his teammates, his apartment and all the luxuries that New York has to offer. When the team is on the road, Harvey will fly to Port St. Lucie, Fla., to rehab at the team's Spring Training facility. That arrangement will continue through June, at which point Harvey will rehab in Florida "more or less full-time" as he ramps up his workouts, according to Alderson. In effect, the deal is a compromise. Harvey gets to spend much of his summer in New York, as he wished, and the rehab staff in Florida gets to work with him on a regular basis. "I think he's happy with that arrangement," said Alderson. "We're happy with that arrangement. We think it will work well, so we're going to go ahead on that basis." Harvey hopes to return to active duty by September, though Opening Day 2015 remains a more realistic expectation.
My question is whether I should test code that I know will be changed in a short time. I'm doing TDD in ruby, and I often meet with this question. I'm interested about best practices about this, pro and contra. Thanks. Clarification: My question is basically how do you compare the 'cost of writing a test' VS 'the fact that the code will change soon' and make decision.
PHILADELPHIA - Michael Vick's peers appreciate his tough journey back to the NFL. Vick won the Ed Block Courage Award, voted on by his teammates on the Philadelphia Eagles, after the once-disgraced star quarterback returned to the league after spending 18 months in a federal prison for his role in a dogfighting ring. "It means a great deal to me," Vick said Wednesday. "I was voted unanimously by my teammates. They know what I've been through. I've been through a lot. It's been great to come back and have an opportunity to play and be with a great group of guys. I'm just ecstatic about that and I enjoy every day." A three-time Pro Bowl pick in six seasons with Atlanta, Vick has played sparingly with the Eagles. He has two touchdowns rushing and one passing in 12 games. The Ed Block Award honours players who exemplify commitment to the principles of sportsmanship and courage. Each of the 32 NFL teams selects a recipient. "I've overcome a lot, more than probably one single individual can handle or bear," Vick said. "You ask certain people to walk through my shoes, they probably couldn't. Probably 95 per cent of the people in this world because nobody had to endure what I've been through, situations I've been put in, situations I put myself in and decisions I have made, whether they have been good or bad. "There's always consequences behind certain things and repercussions behind them, too. And then you have to wake up every day and face the world, whether they perceive you in the right perspective, it's a totally different outlook on you. You have to be strong, believe in yourself, be optimistic. That's what I've been able to do. That's what I display." The Eagles were criticized by animal rights activists for signing Vick less than a month after he was released from prison. Dozens of protesters voiced their outrage outside the team's practice facility the day after Vick was signed, and many fans threatened to give up their tickets. But Vick got a warm reception in his first game with the Eagles and by most accounts has been a model citizen off the field. The animal rights group, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, issued a statement reprimanding the Eagles for giving Vick the award. "The Philadelphia Eagles fumbled when they gave Michael Vick the Ed Block Courage Award, which was named after a man who advocated in behalf of abused children," the PETA statement read. "Michael Vick should not be the person anyone points to as a model of sportsmanship, even though he has now exchanged dogs for touchdowns after serving time for extreme cruelty to animals. We wish him well in educating others, but this is not appropriate and does not mark a joyous moment in NFL history." Vick has spent time working with the Humane Society of the United States, speaking to school and community groups about the mistakes he made in getting involved in dogfighting. "It was a big obstacle proving I'm worthy of a second chance," Vick said. "It doesn't stop here. I have to continue to prove that. I think it's not going to be a day-to-day process, it's going to be a year-in, year-out process. It's a challenge to myself. The thing I told (NFL commissioner) Roger (Goodell) is that four or five years from now, I'm going to come to him and say, 'Everything I told you I was going to do, I'm still doing it.' And that's what I pride myself on and that's my focus and that's my goal." Quarterback Donovan McNabb called the award "well-deserved." "Congratulations to him for straightening his life around and bettering himself as a human being," coach Andy Reid said. "He's obviously very well-respected by his teammates."
|Ten Bowlers set one week record shooting eleven 700s| Feb. 15, 2005 - During the past seven days, 10 Classic Lanes bowlers set a new one-week record for 700s, shooting 11. The previous high was nine. Wes Campbell had the highest series of the week, a 763. It was his ninth of the year. Dickie Harrison had the most 700s, two, shooting 706 and 702. He now has five. Darreyl Dixon recorded his fourth 700 in his last six attempts. It was a 760, and is his 11th of the season. Joe Kirkpatrick also registered his 11th of the season as well, a 720. Mark Smith collected his ninth, a 753. Mike Gilliland booked his sixth, a 708; Neldon Smith his fifth of the season, a 738; Keith Ethridge and Eloy Chapa recorded 700s number four, 720 and 712, respectively, and Clinton Cline hit his second, a 717. Three bowlers came close to hitting 700s. Vincent Smith shot 695, Turk Morgan rolled a 694, and Jason Keller stroked a 693. Amy Sharp topped the ladies again, for the second week in a row, throwing a 646 on Tuesday. Debbie Miller attained a personal best on Sunday night, shooting her first ever 500 series, a 504. She was averaging 136 at the time. She finished Sunday 96 pins over her series average. Justin Haggerty shot a career-high game of 280 on Tuesday night. Five other men have matched his feat. Haggerty shot a 652 for the evening. Donnie Wooten rolled his highest series ever on Thursday night, shooting a 584, finishing the night 125 pins over his series average. Others who bowled well this week include: Justin Parmer and Chuck Hill (679), Tarry Davison (675 Sunday/644 Thursday), Mike Fletcher (664), Jesse Haggerty, Jason Parmer and Matt Arnold (663), Koy Cline (655), Larry Stovall, Michael Carter and Danny Burns (652), and David Strain (647). Larry Mason writes a weekly column on the bowling leagues at Classic Lanes. His column appears on Tuesday.
WEST AMWELL — They call the South Hunterdon vs. New Hope-Solebury High football game “The Battle of the Bridges,” but it took a field goal long enough to clear the Delaware River to finally tilt the outcome in favor of the Pennsylvania contingent yesterday. Danny Sutton’s 48-yarder as time expired not only derailed South Hunterdon’s hope for an undefeated home season, 17-14, but put a sad final chapter on a landmark campaign for the Eagles (6-4), who shared the Hills Division title and earned their first NJSIAA Group I Central playoff berth in nine years. “A couple of key penalties changed field position,” said Eagles head coach Toby Jefferis, who saw his defense shut down the Lions for most of the second half, only to allow the Lions to move 38 yards over the final 100 seconds to set up Sutton’s epic boot. “We had (quarterback Connor Hayden) sacked with a fourth-and-a-mile, but a (roughing-the-passer) penalty put them in better position. (Another time,) we were driving down the field (in the fourth quarter), but a false start hurt us. Instead of a third-and-short, we had to throw the ball.” In a game that was a classic confrontation, matching South Hunterdon’s power and precision with New Hope-Solebury’s speed and innovation, the Eagles would have only been too happy to run the ball on every down and completed only one pass for 2 yards all day. After Jason DeVenuto’s 45-yard touchdown reception put the Lions up 7-0 just 2:20 into the game, the Eagles slowed the game down to their ground-and-pound style and appeared to be winning the battle of the trenches. At one juncture, South Hunterdon ran the ball 19 consecutive times and a 14-run, 72-yard drive that not only tied the game at 7-all, but kept the Lions’ defense on the field over seven minutes. Jake Whitaker’s 52-yard punt return set up Toby Coleman’s 5-yard plunge early in the second quarter, and South Hunterdon appeared in control, up 14-7. But a fumbled exchange four minutes later killed the Eagles’ momentum and continued a disturbing trend. The four of the first five times New Hope-Solebury got the ball at its 45 or beyond, remarkable field position that set up DeVenuto’s second touchdown reception, this from 27 yards, and a 14-all tie at the half. It stayed that way for most of the second half as linebacker Toby Coleman and defensive linemen Kyle Campbell and Daniel Voorhees consistently made sure that Hayden wouldn’t have time to find DeVenuto again. “We knew we had to get pressure on him, and we did,” Jefferis said. “He wasn’t able to get as comfortable in the pocket.” Despite these adjustments, maybe this was just the Lions’ day. On third-and-10 from his 31 with only 1:27 left in the fourth quarter, Hayden’s pass was tipped and went end over end into Frank Covino’s hands at midfield. Eight plays later, the Lions moved just close enough for Sutton to make a boot for the ages. A kicker since fourth-grade Pop Warner and a lacrosse midfielder/defenseman, Sutton has made field goals as long as 55 yards in practice. With no wind behind him, he “knew as soon as he kicked it that he had hit it well.” Only five days after a tough playoff loss to Asbury Park, it was a heartbreaking ending for a South Hunterdon team that earned three shutouts and had two three-game winning streaks. “In hindsight, I don’t know if the short week got to us,” said Jefferis, whose JV team played Monday as well. “Without the storm, we would have had a week, 10 days to prepare. But what can you do?” Contact Barry Federovitch at email@example.com
I take a long, hot bath in Epsom salt about once a week. One cup to a tub full of water and I stay in as long as I can — at least 12 minutes is recommended. According to the Epsom Salt Council, we don't readily absorb magnesium from our food, although it is easily absorbed through the skin. Magnesium not only helps sore muscles recover faster, it provides a boost of energy the next day. And just like with plants, magnesium sulfate helps us absorb other nutrients better. More isn't better when it comes to your health. After all, magnesium is a laxative, and you can also get that result by soaking. Use it once or twice a week at the most, and check with your doctor if you have health concerns. I've discovered a new use for Epsom salt: floral arrangements. Fill a clear glass bowl with Epsom salt, and then poke pretty bare branches into it. These wintry-looking arrangements lend a sort of sparkly look for tabletops. Recycle into the garden, later. To get an in-depth look at Epsom salt, visit epsomsaltcouncil.org. Contact the writer: firstname.lastname@example.org
Renaissance royal dresses? Does anyone know of museums in Europe that might have dresses worn by royalty of past times? I'm particularly keen to see something more than shoes (lots of medieval shoes in Paris, Milan and elsewhere in Northern Italy). But how about dresses? Where could I plan to travel to see, for example, Renaissance dresses? Do any dresses of princesses, duchesses, countesses - or any sort of lady - still exist? Even if it's a museum in a small town, I'd love to know about it! Thanks in advance for any advice/help (and it's okay if there's something in North America - one never knows where such things might turn up).
I was sickened to hear about a former TSA staffer in Orlando who was recently arrested for lewd and lascivious conduct. TSA takes allegations such as these very seriously and steps were taken to terminate this employee. Yesterday, the employee resigned. TSA uses background screening and perpetual vetting to keep those with criminal records out of our workforce, but background checks are not a crystal ball and cannot predict what a person will do in the future. Our officers are deeply saddened and disgusted that someone who wore the uniform could commit such an unspeakable act. TSA holds the highest standards for our workforce and this individual's actions do not reflect on the more than 50,000 men and women who work every day to keep the traveling public safe. TSA Blog Team
♬Walk Away Joe♬ Best cup to carry around a cool drink all day? - Kris in Beijing Jun 19, 2014 10:49 AM Apologies for the coffee-implied title, but what I really want is a 32oz cup for COLD liquids all day. My current procedure is to get a $1 Diet Coke at McD each morning, and then use that plastic cup for the rest of the day for my water. Those plastic cups don't really have an "cooling properties," so by 3pm my water tastes like room temperature plastic, but I do sort-of feel as if I am recycling. I have access to a water cooler [of intermittent quality] several times a day but NO ICE.
Field of view The field of view (also field of vision, abbreviated FOV) is the extent of the observable world that is seen at any given moment. In case of optical instruments or sensors it is a solid angle through which a detector is sensitive to electromagnetic radiation. Humans and animals Different animals have different fields of view, depending on the placement of the eyes. Humans have an almost 180-degree forward-facing horizontal field of view, while some birds have a complete or nearly complete 360-degree field of view. The vertical range of the field of view in humans is typically around 135 degrees. The range of visual abilities is not uniform across a field of view, and varies from animal to animal. For example, binocular vision, which is important for depth perception, covers only 114 degrees (horizontally) of the field of vision in humans; the remaining peripheral 60–70 degrees have no binocular vision (because only one eye can see those parts of the field of view). Some birds have a scant 10 or 20 degrees of binocular vision. Similarly, color vision and the ability to perceive shape and motion vary across the field of view; in humans the former is concentrated in the center of the visual field, while the latter tends to be much stronger in the periphery. This is due to the much higher concentration of color-sensitive cone cells in the fovea, the central region of the retina, in comparison to the higher concentration of motion-sensitive rod cells in the periphery. Since cone cells require considerably brighter light sources to be activated, the result of this distribution is that peripheral vision is much stronger at night relative to binocular vision. Many optical instruments, particularly binoculars or spotting scopes, are advertised with their field of view specified in one of two ways: angular field of view, and linear field of view. Angular field of view is typically specified in degrees, while linear field of view is a ratio of lengths. For example, binoculars with a 5.8 degree (angular) field of view might be advertised as having a (linear) field of view of 305 ft per 1000 yd or 102 mm per meter. As long as the FOV is less than about 10 degrees or so, the following approximation formulas allow one to convert between linear and angular field of view. Let be the angular field of view in degrees. Let be the linear field of view in feet per 1000 yd. Let be the linear field of view in millimeters per meter. Then, using the small-angle approximation: In machine vision the lens focal length and image sensor size sets up the fixed relationship between the field of view and the working distance. Field of view is the area of the inspection captured on the camera’s imager. The size of the field of view and the size of the camera’s imager directly affect the image resolution (one determining factor in accuracy). Working distance is the distance between the back of the lens and the target object. In remote sensing, the solid angle through which a detector element (a pixel sensor) is sensitive to electromagnetic radiation at any one time, is called instantaneous field of view or IFOV. A measure of the spatial resolution of a remote sensing imaging system, it is often expressed as dimensions of visible ground area, for some known sensor altitude. Single pixel IFOV is closely related to concept of resolved pixel size, ground resolved distance, ground sample distance and modulation transfer function. In astronomy the field of view is usually expressed as an angular area viewed by the instrument, in square degrees, or for higher magnification instruments, in square arc-minutes. For reference the Wide Field Channel on the Advanced Camera for Surveys on the Hubble Space Telescope has a field of view of 10 sq. arc-minutes, and the High Resolution Channel of the same instrument has a field of view of 0.15 sq. arc-minutes. Ground based survey telescopes have much wider fields of view. The photographic plates used by the UK Schmidt Telescope had a field of view of 30 sq. degrees. The 1.8 m (71 in) Pan-STARRS telescope, with the most advanced digital camera to date has a field of view of 7 sq. degrees. In the near infra-red WFCAM on UKIRT has a field of view of 0.2 sq. degrees and the forthcoming VISTA telescope will have a field of view of 0.6 sq. degrees. Until recently digital cameras could only cover a small field of view compared to photographic plates, although they beat photographic plates in quantum efficiency, linearity and dynamic range, as well as being much easier to process. In photography, the field of view is that part of the world that is visible through the camera at a particular position and orientation in space; objects outside the FOV when the picture is taken are not recorded in the photograph. It is most often expressed as the angular size of the view cone, as an angle of view. For normal lens, field of view can be calculated FOV = 2 arctan(SensorSize/2f), where f is Focal Length. - "Cascading Milky Way". ESO Picture of the Week. Retrieved 11 June 2012. - Howard, Ian P.; Rogers, Brian J. (1995). Binocular vision and stereopsis. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 32. ISBN 0-19-508476-4. Retrieved 3 June 2014. - Oxford Reference. "Quick Reference: instantaneous field of view". Oxford University Press. Retrieved 13 December 2013. - Wynne, James B. Campbell, Randolph H. (2011). Introduction to remote sensing (5th ed. ed.). New York: Guilford Press. p. 261. ISBN 160918176X. - Feng Zhu School of Design – Field of View in Games
Become a Friend with Benefits to become a HOT 95-7 VIP and Win HOT Stuff! It's that easy. When you’re a Friend with Benefits, you get access to what's HOT in Houston --concerts, movies, restaurants, and more. JOIN NOW! 12/5/2012 10:59 PM Show more info # of Winners Maximum Entries Allowed How do I get it We Ship It Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Secret Sewer Lair Playset Rated a "2012 Holiday Hot Toy" by Toys R' Us, this is the ultimate playset for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle fans. The Secret Sewer Lair playset is BIG, and ready for Ninja battle action! This playset will have kids creating their own Lair of excitement as they become the leader of the pack, swinging into action, training the Turtles and defeating Shredder once and for all! Standing 42 inches tall and resembling the Sewer Lair that is home to the Turtles in the TV show, the Secret Sewer Lair includes more than 20 different exciting Ninja features: • The ultimate Turtle playset stands over 42 inches tall. • Includes a zip line, spring loaded projectile, floors that fall out, an effigy of Shredder for the Turtles to practice their ninja skills and much, much more! • Three different levels, in the sewer, street level and building top play. • Figures sold separately. Enter to win today! Use your Hot Points now to receive additional entries. You must be logged in to Friends with Benefits to access this content. If you are a member of Friends with Benefits , log-in to the site. Not a member yet? Please contact Tech Support to request further assistance. Enter contests by redeeming your points for entry tickets. The more tickets you have the better your chance to win.
A transgender student at George Fox University, in Newburg, Ore., is requesting permission from the institution to move into the male dormitories after completing his sexual transition to become a man. Take our poll at the bottom of the story! “I have the right, as any other male, to live on campus with males,”Jayce M (pictured) told FOX 12 Oregon. “I’m going to fight for that.” The university originally told him that he could not live with his male friends on-campus next year, but he could live in a single room or stay off-campus. “We hope they’ll reconsider their initial decision,” said Paul Southwick, Jayce’s attorney. Southwick has recently filed a complaint with the Department of Education over the matter. Jayce has been living in the female dorms over the past year and during this time he completed his sexual transition. So far, Jayce’s battle has generated some support online. More than 16,000 people have signed a change.org petition asking that the university honor Jayce’s request. “I think if they sit with the question long enough, of where should Jayce live, they’re going to land on the side of dignity,” said supporter AJ Mendoza. Watch the news report below: “It’s great that the conversation is finally happening for him, but it’s disappointing that it’s happening this way,” supporter Naomi Lee added. George Fox told FOX 12 the following in a statement: “George Fox strives to be a Christ-centered community, and our residential facilities are single sex because of our theological commitments. The student’s request to switch from female-only on campus housing to male-only on campus housing is one that many institutions would struggle with.” While Jayce hopes his fight doesn’t lead to a full investigation, he’s prepared for it. “I’m hoping that the school will listen and grant me on-campus housing,” he said. “For the future, I hope that I’ll be able to pave the way for future transgender students as well as any other people that are being marginalized.”
Sequences, Series, Summability Library Home || Full Table of Contents || Suggest a Link || Library Help |Dave Rusin; The Mathematical Atlas| |A short article designed to provide an introduction to sequences and series, the most common examples of limiting processes; convergence criteria and rates of convergence are as important as finding "the answer." Particular series of interest (e.g. Taylor series of known functions) are of interest, as well as general methods for computing sums rapidly, or formally. Series can be estimated with integrals, their stability can be investigated with analysis. Manipulations of series (e.g. multiplying or inverting) are also of importance. History; applications and related fields and subfields; textbooks, reference works, and tutorials; software and tables; other web sites with this focus.| |Math Topics:||Sequences and Series| © 1994- Drexel University. All rights reserved. The Math Forum is a research and educational enterprise of the Drexel University School of Education.
The walnut pages on this site include listings of walnut nurseries, growers, sales as well as industry overviews, propagation information, walnut products and a range of other walnut related information. Of the 1.5 million tonnes of walnuts produced globally per year, the USA and China are the two major producers. USA (California) is the major exporter and while China is a significant producer. Other countries exporting walnuts include France, Turkey, Chile, Italy, India, Romania, Mexico and Spain. While China is close behind the US in total production, there is a question whether it will remain a net exporter with internal consumption rising to meet total production. The walnut is grown commercially in Tasmania, Victoria, New South Wales. Smaller orchards are located the Adelaide Hills and Riverland regions of South Australia and in south-west Western Australia. Australian Walnut Industry Australian Walnut Industry Association (AWIA) Consultancy Service (Victoria) Walnut trees can grow to 25 metres and live up to 200 years. They require a Mediterranean climate but with the inclusion of of a chilling period of 600 - 800 hours below 10°C. Walnut trees don't like frosts mid to late spring (flowering period), nor do they like the temperature to get too hot in summer (I'm a bit the same). The growth of walnut trees may be slowed down if they are located in a windy exposed position. There's an old adage that waluts will grow where apples grow. Traditional soil requirements for walnuts are that it is deep and well drained. A pH greater than 6.0 suits walnuts. More recently walnut trees have been grown commercially in shallow soils that have previously been previously been ripped, hilled and had gypsum and lime added to the soil (Tatura hedgerow system). Nutrients need to be well balanced. It is recommended that a soil analysis and site/variety research be carried out early in the planning stage of developing a walnut orchard. Traditionally walnuts were planted on a 16m x 16m grid 940 trees per hectare. Under the "Tatura' system walnut trees have been grown as close together as 6 metres between rows and 3 metre intervals - again expert advice should be sought. Trees are best planted late winter and early spring. Mulching and weed control are important. The Black Walnut and Butternut walnut are natives of North America. These two varieties have thicker shells than the standard European walnuts. For walnut production, Black Walnut (Juglans niger) seeds or seedlings are often used as the rootstock from which commercial walnut varieties are grafted. J.regia is often used as rootstock for well drained soils while J. niger is sometimes preferred for wetter soils. Although modern high yielding varieties of walnut trees bear fruit quite early in their lives, it is not until really deemed a harvest until about year 4 - 6. At around year 11 or 12 a walnut tree is in full production.Walnuts are wind pollinated and strategic planting of complimentry varieties will assist with pollination. Wallnuts make wonderful long lived shade trees in a large garden. Harvesting and Processing Harvesting of walnuts occurs around mid April each year. Timing of the season will be influenced to a degree by the variety grown, location and climatic conditions. Walnuts are usually mechanically shaken from the tree, swept into a windrow and picked up by a harvester. If conditions are damp they need to be picked up on a daily basis. Walnuts are then hulled to remove the fleshy shell casing and cleaned and dried as quickly as possible. The moisture level is reduced from around 25% to around 8 - 10%. This usually takes around 2 weeks. For the home garden walnuts can be dried on racks but for commercial purposes a means of assisted drying is required. Health and Nutrition Walnuts are very high in Omega 3 and in monounsaturated oils. They are also contain a wide range of minerals and vitamins. See the Walnut Health and Nutrition page for details. Photo right: Wellwood Walnut Oil For a description of a selection of varieties available in Australia see Walnuts ( Harold H. Adem, DPI Tatura). Wandiligong Nut Festival 2010. Collecting walnuts - Courtesy of the Australian Walnut Industry Association.
New Customers can get a Free Father’s Day Greeting Card from Treat.com. Just use code TREATDAD at checkout. If you get this mailed to you, you get it shipped free too. If you get it mailed somewhere elese, all you pay is the cost of the stamp. This code is good to use through 5/31/13.
re: iPhone, Android Get Bing Search First Couple of points that are WRONG in this. Silverlight is not supported on iOS and Android to deliver apps. Secondly WP7 has a far more powerful version of Bing - which includes scout, voice search, video search, barcode recognition etc etc. Also this is a hybrid app, which means elements have been written in HTML 5, so that will be the presentation layer only, not anything to do with how it works. Remember that the app will be doing all its main work via services running in Windows Azure! Finally re Silverlight. Silverlight the name maybe dead in the long term, but Silverlight is not dead. It has another version coming and is essentially Metro and guess what, Windows Phone applications are delivered using Silverlight! Metro is Windows 8 native application language. So PLEASE get your facts right. Silverlight is XAML with c#, vb etc .NET managed code. Metro apps are guess what, XAML with managed code delivered via c# and vb etc .net syntax. Sure some include libraries have changed, but they change between different releases of .NET in any case! Yes I know you can write "apps" using HTML 5, but you are limited in what you can deliver with HTML 5.... Essentialy Silverlight has moved from being a niche web technology for Microsoft to a core technology used to deliver a single type of experience and design framework across all devices....Silverlight the name maybe dead in the long run, but XAML with Managed Code and .NET libraries are becoming the core of microsoft deliverables and technology for developers...The name may change though to WinRT and Metro...But whats in a name!
|04-01-2014 05:20 PM| RCS along with most dwarf shrimp in the Neocaridina genus (cherry shrimps) are hardy and prolific to care for. While they are easy to care for, they are also tasty little things. Most fish are not "shrimp safe" and will probably be eaten at some point. That being said, some people have luck keeping them with bettas, rainbows and most tetras. It's a case-by-case basis type of thing. Most people keep them in a densely planted tank with a low fish load, everyone well fed. I wrote a little article for Crayfish Kings magazine if you want to have a read. |04-01-2014 03:10 PM| There hasn't been much activity in this thread in a while so let me introduce myself. I'm John, and we live in Sanford. I'm a fairly experienced marine aquarist but an utter virgin to planted tanks. Anyway, I want to make a go of it with a black sand substrate instead of dirt. Here's a link to a nice thread on using this substrate: Meanwhile, I started a thread about setting up my tank recently . . . . . . but haven't had any response so perhaps I started it in the wrong place. Finally, are RCS (red cherry shrimp, I presume) difficult to keep? When my tank was set up as a reef, invertebrates were amongst my favorites. Anyway, I sought out a photo of RCS online and they seem quite beautiful and because my goal is a peaceful tank, it seems they would fit right in. Finally, I'm hoping to build out a relatively low maintenance tank, e.g. no CO2, low fish load, etc. I quite frankly don't know if this is compatible with what I'm doing but would love feedback from those who have gone before me. |07-14-2012 01:19 AM| This is the new meet up thread... more or less. |07-13-2012 09:31 PM| |07-13-2012 09:30 PM| Hey all, just got back from vacation so I am trying to catch up on things. I would be willing to host a meet up at my house, I would gladly provide a consistent place for us to meet. I live right by seaworld and aquatica. We have plenty of room to hang out. Demonr6 has come by here a number of times he can tell you how much room we have. I can give my contact info to anybody that is going to head up the meetup stuff or club. RCS Tank is exploding. Babies galore WOOT WOOT!!! BTW - I want to buy more assassin snails. |06-26-2012 06:01 PM| Here's the meetup thread. |06-26-2012 05:20 PM| Ill be down for a swap meet, gives chance to meet some of you guys. Btw I went to Marinewarehouse in Tampa yesterday, by far the best selection of plants I have seen. Quite the drive but worth it. They we out of A.Nana's but i got my fill of java moss indeed. |06-26-2012 01:40 PM| |06-25-2012 09:23 PM| A LFS employ told me freshwater shrimp are just too much of a hassle. They are available to order if I want them, but they are just too small and get lost in their tanks. This lead me to believe RCS cost the store alot more then ghost shrimp, as they have a small tank loaded with them... the size could still be the main issue also. I'd rather get my shrimp from TPT folks anyways |06-25-2012 03:31 PM| If you're here on Sunday there is talk of people meeting up to trade some stuff at 1. I'll double check if that is still going on. |06-25-2012 02:30 PM| Fishy Business has freshwater fish but the selection is not quite as diverse as their saltwater choices, |06-24-2012 09:21 PM| I'm in Orlando for the next few days; not very sunny, lots of rain : ( This calls for LFS outings, any suggestions for shops that have a nice selection of freshwater fish/inverts? |06-21-2012 01:50 AM| I'd be more than willing to host, though you guys can't be too harsh on my tank and set up lol. BTW, I'm thinking about becoming a member of ORCA (Orlando Reef Caretakers Association) just so that I can borrow their PAR meter. Does anybody else need a PAR meter? |06-19-2012 07:15 PM| Let's do this! |06-19-2012 04:11 PM| |demonr6||That would work..| |This thread has more than 15 replies. Click here to review the whole thread.|
Wanna-bes stay home. Truckin’s Throwdown isn’t for trailer queens, guys who are worried about getting nicks in the paint or who install a big engine just for more show points. Throwdown is, however, a no-holds-barred kick in the pants performance truck competition where testing weeds out lesser trucks and the best of the best rise to the top. Going fast in a hot rod with a bed has never been so much fun. Check out all of the action in issue 1 of 2011, on sale November 16.
You’ve probably heard IAMSU without even knowing it: he’s the producer responsible for the slapping beat on “Up” by LoveRance (and on NYC radio, 50 Cent). He’s also a solo artist in his own right, and on his excellent new mixtape KILT he teams up with fellow producer/MC (and longtime FG fam) Trackademicks for the track “Clothes Shows And Afros.” Download the whole thing here. Pitchfork reviewed Kool AD of Das Racist’s latest solo joint 51 today, mentioning our dude Trackademicks as part of the tapes’ “impressive” lineup of producers alongside Young L and more. We agree! Download 51 here, check out more from Track on his Soundcloud, and stay tuned for some new joints very soon… Read More Birthday boy Trackademicks just released an awesome new suite of moody, futuristic instrumental r&b entitled Cherry 2000, grab it from his Soundcloud as one continuous piece or separate, DJ-friendly tracks. Right on time for the last weeks of summer (always the smoothest) it’s a new, free release from Trackademicks, aka Alameda, California’s true King Of Slaps, aka master of the Western Slapademic Tender Smobbin Cosmic Music. Fresh Coastin features guest appearances from Freddie Gibbs, Phonte, Polyester the Saint and of course Track’s Honor Roll crew. Download and cool out… In the latest edition of his “Liner Notes” video series, Trackademicks talks about the genesis of his State Of The Arts collaboration with Teedra Moses, “Face The Music.” The timing couldn’t be better, since the new Luxurious Undergrind mixtape from Teedra just dropped, featuring the Trackademicks-produced “Invitation,” as well as the 1-O.A.K-produced “So Special”. It’s a Honor Roll / Maybach Music explosion! Read More After weeks and weeks of blood, sweat and InDesign, the Fool’s Gold chapter of Frank151 is out! You can snag physical copies soon at parties and select retail spots around the world (and via subscription, of course). But since the internet streets can’t wait, you can peep a downloadable PDF and flippable web mag version of the entire issue right here. What’s inside you ask? Read More
July 17 (Bloomberg) -- Chancellor Angela Merkel is riding high for her 60th birthday and it’s not just because Germany won the World Cup. With no successor in sight after almost nine years in office, Merkel is the country’s most popular politician and the longest-serving leader among Group of Seven nations. While she doesn’t want to overstay her welcome with German voters after her re-election last year, she’s leaving the door open to a bid for a fourth term in 2017, according to a person familiar with Merkel’s thinking who asked not to be named because the discussions are private. At her public birthday bash in Berlin today, Merkel signaled she isn’t done yet. “I’m told I shouldn’t rest on anything,” she told the roughly 1,000 invited guests, including top officials of her governing coalition. “I’ll take that to heart. There’s one thing I’ve noticed about myself: I have, at least so far, incredible curiosity.” Merkel’s treat for the soiree was a lecture by a German academic on globalization, a theme she returns to repeatedly in speeches urging Europe to raise its game and become more competitive. Though she never puts it this way, her message is Europe needs to become a little more like Germany. “Her approval ratings can’t get any higher,” Manfred Guellner, who heads Forsa, a Berlin polling company, said in an interview. Images of Merkel hugging Germany’s world-champion soccer players after the World Cup final in Brazil are an added bonus that shows “she empathizes with people,” he said. Such popularity has pitfalls. It’s leading to speculation by politicians and media about whether Merkel will groom a successor and quit while she’s ahead rather than risk going out with an election defeat. She has told aides that she doesn’t want to end up like Helmut Kohl, her political mentor, whom Germans voted out after 16 years as chancellor in 1998 when he was 68, according to two people with direct knowledge of the conversations. Merkel turned 60 while attending a meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels, prompting a German reporter to sing “Happy Birthday” at her post-summit news conference early this morning. “I should have joined in, then it would have been better,” Merkel said with a grin. “But thank you.” Her EU peers toasted her with sparkling wine and flowers, she said. Rejects New York Kohl urged Merkel to promote “a united Europe” and defend the stability of the euro, according to a letter published in Bild newspaper today. “When you look back today, you can do so in the knowledge that you made use of the opportunities in your eventful life,” he said in the letter. For now, Merkel is quashing any suggestion that she’ll cut her third term short. Her government denied a report in a Luxembourg newspaper in May that she wanted to become UN secretary-general when the post opens up in January 2017, about eight months before Germany’s next regularly scheduled national election. Asked again by a German television interviewer on July 12, Merkel said: “That definitely won’t happen.” Merkel tops the latest Infratest poll with an approval rating of 71 percent. Her Christian Democratic bloc, which she led to the biggest election victory since 1990 in September, has as much as 41 percent voter support in national polls, with the Social Democrats, her junior coalition partner, at 23 percent to 26 percent. With approval ratings that her European peers can’t match and influence boosted by Germany’s economic power during the debt crisis, Merkel has reasons to keep going. While she’s criticized in Europe and the U.S. for cautious crisis management and enforcing fiscal discipline, those policies are popular at home. So is standing up to the U.S. for allegedly running spies in German government offices. “I don’t see anyone who could replace her right now,” Herfried Muenkler, a political scientist at Humboldt University, said in a talk with foreign reporters in Berlin on July 8. “In Europe’s current constellation, Merkel does really well with her unassuming, unheroic leadership style.” Possible successors include Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen, a Christian Democratic politician’s daughter, and Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, who knows Merkel from her earliest days in politics after the Berlin Wall fell 25 years ago. Though both have held cabinet posts in all three Merkel governments since 2005, she hasn’t publicly anointed either -- nor anyone else. About a quarter of Germans would even like Merkel to be in power for another decade, according to a Forsa poll for Stern magazine taken days before the World Cup final. A physicist who grew up under Communism in East Germany, Merkel rose through the Christian Democratic Union’s ranks under Kohl after East and West Germany reunited in 1990. She broke with Kohl after his election defeat and became the party’s head in 2000, the springboard to winning the chancellorship on her first try five years later. Merkel and pizzazz don’t mix and her birthday was no exception. The chancellor’s gift to herself was a speech at CDU headquarters by Juergen Osterhammel, a University of Koblenz historian. Merkel read his latest book on globalization, “The Transformation of the World,” according to one of her aides. Merkel probably has to decide within a year whether she’ll seek another term or hand over the reins, Muenkler said. “The pressure by supporters and party members who fear for their political office could get so intense that she couldn’t step aside,” said Guellner, the pollster. “She would have to run again, even if she doesn’t want to.” To contact the reporter on this story: Arne Delfs in Berlin at email@example.com To contact the editors responsible for this story: Alan Crawford at firstname.lastname@example.org Tony Czuczka, James Kraus
Loeillet, John; Sonata for Treble Recorder and Continuo; Op. 3/6 Usually ships in 24 hours. - Flute, Continuo, Alto (Treble) Recorder - Sheet Music - Score and Parts - Hugo Ruf (Editor), John Loeillet (Composer) - English, German Also suitable for Flute. Op. 3/6 in D minor
More New and Used from Private Sellers Provides an elementary approach to learning Chinese. Both versions represent the traditional and simplified characters, focusing on the character type represented in the title. Elementary Chinese with exposure to both character types. Practice is given to writing of the character types and there is an abundance of practice with the language and the culture. Intended for those interested in learning Chinese. Table of Contents |Scope & Sequence Foundations Section| |Table of Contents provided by Publisher. All Rights Reserved.|
GETTING off to a slow start came back to haunt Nowra on Saturday against Shellharbour City Suns at West Street Oval. Nowra lost to 14-15-99 to 4-8-32 and again the importance of getting off to a good start was crucial. The Blues went into the first break behind 36-6 and you cannot afford to give a team like Shellharbour that kind of a start. Nowra did try hard in the second quarter but down 9-8-62 to 3-3-21 at the main break things did not look good for the Blues. The Blues, particularly in the final quarter, struggled to match the visitors. Nowra did not kick any goals in final term and the best it could manage was two behinds. Elwyn Roberts gave Shellharbour a target up front to kick towards and he booted six majors. After the encounter, Alex Legge, Brad Clark, Jeremiah Lenisaurua and Nick Griffiths received the Nowra match awards. The Blues no doubt will be looking forward to taking on the Demons next week at Tom Smith Oval.
At Hilton Hotels and Resorts, our hotels have the facilities and services ideally suited for your groups and offer simple, bundled pricing. Just choose the options you need and we’ll get right back to you with a quote. Our Meeting Package includes: - Meeting room - Basic meeting WiFi - Flip chart & markers - All day nonalcoholic beverage service - Per person pricing Need more options? Choose from the following: - Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner options - Healthy and fun break options to enhance energy levels - LCD Projector and screen or monitor To begin planning your next meeting, call the hotel and ask to speak to the Director of Sales, share what's important to make your meeting a success and we'll get right back to you with a quote.
BISMARCK Yellow Ribbon vehicle license plates to show support of veterans now are available to the public. Lonnie Wangen, North Dakota Department of Veterans Affairs commissioner, presented Paul and Madeline Leuthold, of Lakota, with the first Yellow Ribbon Support Our Veterans vehicle license plates on May 22. Paul Leuthold is a retired Army veteran. The Leutholds provided a generous donation to get the Yellow Ribbon license plate project going. Wangen worked with the Impact Foundation's Support Our Veterans Fund and the N.D. Department of Transportation to develop and have approved the Yellow Ribbon plates. N.D. National Guard members and Iraqi war veterans Charles Votava, of Grand Forks, Kelly Johnson, of West Fargo, and Chuck Todd, of Northwood (now deployed in Kuwait), volunteered to help with the project. The N.D. Association of County Veteran's Service officers, during its spring 2010 association meeting, donated the remaining funding needed to complete the project. "This is a great way to show support for your family members and friends in the service, Veterans in your community and across the state," said Wangen. The Yellow Ribbon license plates can be ordered at local Motor Vehicle Departments when registering or paying vehicle registration fees. People can also find the plates online at the N.D. Department of Veterans Affairs' website at (www.nd.gov/veterans) or the N.D. Department of transportation's website at (www.dot.nd.gov/public/licensing.htm). Cost of the Yellow Ribbon license plate is $25 per year. Of the $25, $15 goes to the Impact Foundation's Support our Veterans Fund, a nonprofit fund which provides assistance to veterans and their qualified dependents with unique emergency needs for assistance when other means of assistance are not available or would not be able to assist in time sensitive matters.
YA COLFER, E. When a twelve-year-old evil genius tries to restore his family fortune by capturing a fairy and demanding a ransom in gold, the fairies fight back with magic, technology, and a particularly nasty troll. YA WOOD, M. On a bike trip in Ireland trying to recover from a broken heart, sixteen-year-old Morgan is transformed, not only by the others on the tour, but by her visits to the past, where she is believed to be the legendary half-goddess Morganne, sent to help end a faery curse. YA FALLON, L. Instantly drawn to a mysterious, alluring boy in her class, teenaged Megan, an American living in Ireland, discovers that they are linked by a supernatural destiny that gives them powers Megan never knew she possessed. YA THOMPSON, K. Bobby lives a reckless life smoking, drinking, and stealing cars in Dublin. So his mother moves the family to the country. But Bobby suspects their cottage might not be as quaint as it seems. And spooky details of the history of their little cottage gradually turn Bobby into a detective of night creatures real and imagined. YA DOWD, S. Coolbar, Ireland, is a village of secrets and Shell, caretaker to her younger brother and sister after the death of their mother and with the absence of their father, is not about to reveal hers until suspicion falls on the wrong person. YA THOMPSON, K. Irish teenager JJ Liddy discovers that time is leaking from his world into Tir na nOg, the land of the fairies, and when he attempts to stop the leak he finds out a lot about his family history, the music that he loves, and a crime his great-grandfather may or may not have committed. YA FOLEY, J. It’s 1993, and Generation X pulses to the beat of Kurt Cobain and the grunge movement. Sixteen-year-old Maggie Lynch is uprooted from big-city Chicago to a windswept town on the Irish Sea. Surviving on care packages of Spin magazine and Twizzlers from her rocker uncle Kevin, she wonders if she’ll ever find her place in this new world. When first love and sudden death simultaneously strike, a naive but determined Maggie embarks on a forbidden pilgrimage that will take her to a seedy part of Dublin and on to a life-altering night in Rome to fulfill a dying wish. Through it all, Maggie discovers an untapped inner strength to do the most difficult but rewarding thing of all– live. YA LENNON, T. Neil Byrne, a teenager in Dublin, Ireland, in the 1990s, comes to terms with the fact that he is gay and seeks acceptance from his friends and family. YA MELLING, O. Two teenage cousins, one Irish, the other from the United States, set out to find a magic doorway to the Faraway Country, where humans must bow to the little people. YA SF MCKINTY, A. Thirteen-year-old Jamie is overjoyed when a bequest sends him and his mother to live on an Irish island, where he and his newfound friend Ramsay travel back in time to help a young girl save her people from certain death. YA DOYLE, R. Mary O’Hara is a sharp and cheeky twelve-year-old Dublin schoolgirl who is bravely facing the fact that her beloved Gran is dying. But Gran can’t let go of life, and when a mysterious young woman turns up in Mary’s street with a message for her Gran, Mary gets pulled into an unlikely adventure. YA NAPOLI, D. Fifteen-year-old Melkorka, an Irish princess, is kidnapped by Russian slave traders and not only learns how to survive but to challenge some of the brutality of her captors, who are fascinated by her apparent muteness and the possibility that she is enchanted. YA KIERNAN, C. After their nan accidentally burns their home down, twin brothers Pat and Dom must move with their parents and baby sister to the seaside cottage they’ve summered in, now made desolate by the winter wind. Itʹs there that the ghost appears, a strange boy who cries black tears and fears a bad man, a soldier, who is chasing him. Soon Dom has become not Dom, and Pat can sense that his brother is going to die while their overwhelmed parents can’t even see whatʹs happening. Isolated and terrified, Pat needs to keep his brother’s cover while figuring out how to save him, drawing clues from his own dreams and Nan’s long ago memories, confronting a mystery that lies between this world and the next, within the Grey. Chloe: If I Stay by Gayle Forman Katie: The Hobbit by JRR Tolkien Movies and TV Reese: Duck Dynasty Chloe: Earth to Echo Matt: Black Ops (XBOX 360) Will: Oblivion (XBOX 360) Reese: The Escapists (PC game) Pick up one of this action-packed novels to get your heart racing again! YA MARSDEN, J. When Ellie and her friends go camping, they have no idea they’re leaving their old lives behind forever. Despite a less-than-tragic food shortage and a secret crush or two, everything goes as planned. But a week later, they return home to find their houses empty and their pets starving. Something has gone wrong–horribly wrong. Before long, they realize the country has been invaded, and the entire town has been captured–including their families and all their friends. Ellie and the other survivors face an impossible decision: They can flee for the mountains or surrender. Or they can fight. YA GEBHART, R. Thirteen-year-old Tyson sneaks off with his roughneck, but ill, grandpa to go on his first elk hunt, amid reports of a stalking man-eating grizzly. YA STIEFVATER, M. Nineteen-year-old returning champion Sean Kendrick competes against Puck Connolly, the first girl ever to ride in the annual Scorpio Races, both trying to keep hold of their dangerous water horses long enough to make it to the finish line. YA LAYBOURNE, E. Trapped inside a chain superstore by an apocalyptic sequence of natural and human disasters, six high school kids from various popular and unpopular social groups struggle for survival while protecting a group of younger children. YA COLFER, E. In Victorian London, Albert Garrick, an assassin-for-hire, and his reluctant young apprentice, Riley, are transported via wormhole to modern London, where Riley teams up with a young FBI agent to stop Garrick from returning to his own time and using his newly acquired scientific knowledge and power to change the world forever. YA MY LANE, A. In 1868, with his army officer father suddenly posted to India, and his mother mysteriously “unwell,” fourteen-year-old Sherlock Holmes is sent to stay with his eccentric uncle and aunt in their vast house in Hampshire, where he uncovers his first murder and a diabolical villain. YA SMITH, R. A fourteen-year-old boy attempts to be the youngest person to reach the top of Mount Everest. YA SF LORE, P. In rural Ohio, friendships and a beautiful girl prove distracting to a fifteen-year-old who has hidden on Earth for ten years waiting to develop the Legacies, or powers, he will need to rejoin the other six surviving Garde members and fight the Mogadorians who destroyed their planet, Lorien. YA PATTERSON, J. After the mutant Erasers abduct the youngest member of their group, the “bird kids,” who are the result of genetic experimentation, take off in pursuit and find themselves struggling to understand their own origins and purpose. YA HOROWITZ, A. After the death of the uncle who had been his guardian, fourteen-year-old Alex Rider is coerced to continue his uncle’s dangerous work for Britain’s intelligence agency, MI6. YA DEUKER, C. Living with his alcoholic father on a broken-down sailboat on Puget Sound has been hard on seventeen-year-old Chance Taylor, but when his love of running leads to a high-paying job, he quickly learns that the money is not worth the risk. YA CARTER, A. A group of teenagers uses their combined talents to re-steal several priceless paintings and save fifteen-year-old Kat Bishop’s father, himself an international art thief, from a vengeful collector. YA SF MULLIN, M After the eruption of the Yellowstone supervolcano destroys his city and its surroundings, fifteen-year-old Alex must journey from Cedar Falls, Iowa, to Illinois to find his parents and sister, trying to survive in a transformed landscape and a new society in which all the old rules of living have vanished. YA CLINE, E. In the year 2044, reality is an ugly place. The only time teenage Wade Watts really feels alive is when he’s jacked into the virtual utopia known as the Oasis. Wade’s devoted his life to studying the puzzles hidden within this world’s digital confines – puzzles that are based on their creator’s obsession with the pop culture of decades past and that promise massive power and fortune to whoever can unlock them. But when Wade stumbles upon the first clue, he finds himself beset by players willing to kill to take this ultimate prize. The race is on, and if Wade’s going to survive, he’ll have to win – and confront the real world he’s always been so desperate to escape. YA MY RITTER, W. Newly arrived in 1892 New England, Abigail Rook becomes assistant to R.F. Jackaby, an investigator of the unexplained with the ability to see supernatural beings, and she helps him delve into a case of serial murder which, Jackaby is convinced, is due to a nonhuman creature. YA SF MORGAN, K. When 100 juvenile delinquents are sent on a mission to recolonize Earth, they get a second chance at freedom, friendship, and love, as they fight to survive in a dangerous new world. YA CARRIGER, G. In an alternate England of 1851, spirited fourteen-year-old Sophronia is enrolled in a finishing school where, she is surprised to learn, lessons include not only the fine arts of dance, dress, and etiquette, but also diversion, deceit, and espionage. YA SF SANDERSON, B. At age eight, David watched as his father was killed by an Epic, a human with superhuman powers, and now, ten years later, he joins the Reckoners–the only people who are trying to kill the Epics and end their tyranny. YA SF YANCEY, R. Cassie Sullivan, the survivor of an alien invasion, must rescue her young brother from the enemy with help from a boy who may be one of them. YA SF CHARBONNEAU, J. Sixteen-year-old Malencia (Cia) Vale is chosen to participate in The Testing to attend the University; however, Cia is fearful when she figures out her friends who do not pass The Testing are disappearing. YA SF GRANT, M. In the near future, the conjoined Armstrong twins, under the guise of the Armstrong Fancy Gifts Corporation, plot to create their own version of utopia using nanobots, while a guerilla group known as BZRK develops a DNA-based biot that can stop bots, but at risk of the host’s brain. Yesterday morning the Youth Media Awards were held at the American Library’s Association’s Midwinter Conference. These awards are held annually and recognize some of the best books written for the year for kids and teens. Check out the recording of the awards ceremony and then take a look at the winning Teen books below! Given for excellence in literature written for young adults. Four Printz Honor Books also were named: This One Summer also was named a Caldecott Honor Book: the Randolph Caldecott Medal is for the most distinguished American picture book for children. Given for a debut book published by a first-time author writing for teens. Four other books were finalists for the award: Four other books were finalists for the award: The Family Romanov was also named a Robert F. Sibert Informational Honor Book, for most distinguished informational book for children and teens: These books, recommended for ages 12-18, meet the criteria of both quality literature and appeal to teens, while comprising a wide range of genres, styles and subjects. Click here to find the full list! Top Ten list from the final selections: The Crossover by Kwame Alexander The Carnival at Bray by Jessie Ann Foley Vango by Timothee de Fombelle The Story of Owen Dragonslayer of Trondheim by E.K. Johnston The Gospel of Winter by Brendan Kiely We Were Liars by e. lockhart The Young Elites by Marie Lu I’ll Give You the Sun by Jandy Nelson Jackaby by William Ritter Noggin by John Corey Whaley Coretta Scott King Honor Book: The Coretta Scott Kind Book Award recognizes an African American author and illustrator of outstanding books for children and young adults: John Steptoe New Talent Author Award: The John Steptoe New Talent Award recognizes new talent and is determined by the Coretta Scott King Task Force: Schneider Family Book Award’s Teen Selection: for books that embody an artistic expression of the disability experience: Stonewall Honor Books: given annually to English-language children’s and young adult books of exceptional merit relating to the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender experience: Check out the books, movies, TV shows, and music that come highly recommended by our Teen Advisory Board Members! Will: 1984 by George Orwell Veronika: Empty by Suzanne Weyn Ashley: Insurgent by Veronica Roth Movies & TV Will: Once Upon a Time Julia: Law & Order Chloe: If I Stay Barbara: FourFiveSeconds by Rhianna, Kanye, and Paul McCartney; I Need You by M83 Kelsey: Symphony Soldier by The Cab, Pirates of the Caribbean film scores by Hans Zimmer Julia: The Big Bang by Rock Mafia Katie: The Heart Wants What it Wants and My Dilemma 2.0 by Selena Gomez; Sledgehammer by Fifth Harmony; Cry Me a River by Justin Timberlake; Something Big by Shawn Mendes
Could you provide more details about your setup? i.e what (substrate, live plants, what equipment your using, etc etc.) when asking for aquarium advice providing details is key. It does sound simply like loose debris and increased circulation should help. do u have any type of fish that enjoy re-arranging things or stirring up dirt? if its sticking that much to no prevail it could be related to water quality, try observing any changes after a 15% water change. I have kept EVERY biotope of aquarium including some of the hardest known aquarium creatures such as Blue Ribbon Eel's.
This is your invitation to attend the ASAP Education and Training Resources Seminar. This is a series of regularly scheduled training and information sessions designed to provide professionals with knowledge and tools benecial in mitigating fire losses. The training session will be held at the Delta Markham, Markham, Ontario. ASAP is Ontario's leading supplier of rapid response security personnel to the insurance industry. Since 2000, ASAP has been called upon by insurance providers,…See More The weather is cold. Today we are seeing winds around 90 kph and just a couple of days ago we got snow. Lots of people coming down with colds as we adjust to the weather. This week is Fire Prevention Week but not much in the media. Too bad.
Cheap Flights to Kefalonia from London Stansted Check our Timetables No results to show for this search, please broaden your search criteria and try again. Cheap Flights from London Stansted to KefaloniaSeptember 2015 Cheap Flights from Kefalonia to London Stansted from London Stansted Thu 24 Sep 2015 No return flight
Business Sponsorship with WNCW With our audience of nearly 100,000 weekly listeners in five southeastern states WNCW offers sponsorship opportunities for any company. We have the ability to deliver your message to public radio listeners, who are an intelligent, active and motivated audience. They will support businesses that support public radio. Through a tax-deductible contribution, you can access this audience by way of on-air and online acknowledgments. Consider what audience you would like to reach and how much you are interested in spending to reach the well educated, financially secure and discerning audience on WNCW. With this information, contact our Underwriting Department today so they can help you structure an underwriting package that meets your needs and expectations.
Ozirion is an experimental Web browser allowing people and groups to improve their privacy on the Internet by hiding their IP address through a network of virtual tunnels. The current release of Ozirion relies on the Tor technology. It includes a built-in Tor server and provides the ability to choose or ban countries in order to use an IP address from a specific country. The Privoxy local proxy is used for better privacy. Ozirion is totally independent from the Tor and Privoxy projects. Liberté Linux is a secure, reliable, lightweight, and easy to use Gentoo-based live USB Linux distribution intended as a communication aid in hostile environments. It installs as a regular directory on a USB/SD key, and after a single-click setup, boots on any desktop computer or laptop. The Internet connection is then used to set up a Tor circuit, which handles all network communication. During first boot, a unique email ID is generated from fingerprints of user's certificate and Tor hidden service key. This persistent ID allows one to stealthily communicate with other Liberté users. The distribution includes image and document processing applications, and can function as a secure Web browsing platform. For developers, Liberté can also serve as a robust framework for mastering Gentoo-based live USBs/CDs. The build process is fully automated with incremental build support, and is more mature and reliable than most of Gentoo's own outdated live CD tools. Pagekite is software to make servers on "localhost" visible to the wider Internet. It can be used by Web developers to show off their works in progress to clients or colleagues, embedded developers who need direct access to devices in the field, or as an alternative to dynamic DNS for individuals/hobbyists who would rather host their own content than rely on 3rd party hosting. It creates and maintains a tunnel between your server on localhost and a remote "front-end" (a reverse proxy). Only the front-end has to have a visible IP address; the server itself can reside on a heavily firewalled computer, a mobile device, or even an anonymous node on the Tor network. TorTV is a build of the Tor Project maintained to run on TV devices and set-top boxes so that anyone with such a household appliance can contribute to strengthen the Tor network. TorTV does not reimplement nor modify the Tor source code in any way; it provides binary builds for embedded targets and scripted bundles to facilitate their installation. So far, it targets WDTV devices running WDLXTV, but aims to grow to support more hardware in future. txtorcon is a Twisted-based asynchronous Tor control protocol implementation. Twisted is an event-driven networking engine written in Python, and Tor is an onion-routing network designed to improve people’s privacy and security on the Internet. It includes unit-tests with 96%+ coverage, multiple examples, and documentation. There are abstractions to track Tor configuration and state (circuits, streams), launch private instances, support Hidden Service, and more. Dowse eases the configuration of network routing for a local area network, starting from the setup of ARP-level static entries of known peers, IP-level firewall, DHCP configuration, and local DNS cache, up to an application layer transparent proxy and optional gateways to anonymous networks such as Tor and I2P. It consists of a minimalistic script which can run on any GNU/Linux box and which, from a central configuration point, controls Ebtables, Iptables, and all the daemons needed for such operations: DnsMasq, Squid2, and Privoxy. It comes with a module system for contributed add-ons like DNSCrypt-proxy and HTTPS-everywhere. Chrubix installs the GNU/LInux distro of your choice - ArchLinux, Debian, Fedora, Kali, SuSE, or Ubuntu - onto a removable MultiMediaCard (MMC) on your ARM-based Chromebook. Chrubix supplies Guest Mode, full-disk encryption, Windows XP camouflage mode, MAC address randomizing, a panic button, additional checksums, and a variety of important security-oriented software applications such as Freenet, I2P, Tor, GPG, and LEAP-Bitmask. In addition, Chrubix offers you the option to tweak the software so that it will run on no hardware but yours (MMC and laptop must match). In this way, it transforms your ARM-based Chromebook into a fully functional, more secure laptop.
If everything goes as planned, I will be bringing 3 Chinese students who are temporarily in Columbus for a three-week course at OSU. (One of them recently contacted me via couchsurfing.org, in response to my Couchsurfing profile, which says I'd like to make pizza for guests.) This is happening mostly because I asked Walter if he'd be able to do something this particular Sunday, in an effort to help me create an experience that the Chinese students will always remember. I also have invited a friend and her husband. I intend to bring enough dough and sauce for one 18" NY style pizza, one 12" or 14" deep dish pizza, two 10" Tommy's style pizzas (laminated cracker crust), and one 10" stuffed pizza, as well as some sausage from Carfagna's and Ezzo GiAntonio pepperoni. I don't know if there will be enough demand for me to make all these pizzas, but that's what I'll be bringing. Also, I've had Walter's pizza, and it's awesome. To anyone who may be interested in showing up, please say something in a reply on this thread (because I'm curious to know ahead of time, partly in case I need to change the quantity of what I'll be bringing). Thanks for helping me make this happen, Walter!
|Driver's Education Video: Surviving Auto Accidents Involving Downed Power Lines| All files are saved as windows media videos (wmv). Additional formats may be request. See other safety videos on our YouTube Channel. Driver's Education Video: Surviving Auto Accidents Involving Downed Power Lines-6 minutes Each year, accidents in which motorists hit power poles happen tens of thousands of times. Each accident has the potential to bring live power lines to the ground. Tragically, many drivers and passengers who survive the impact are electrocuted when they attempt to leave the vehicle. In the vast majority of cases, the safest action is to stay inside the vehicle until the local electric utility is on the scene to assure the lines are de-energized. TEACHERS!-There is supplementary material to go along with this video. Included in the classroom material are lesson materials which include a one-page key point summary and several pages of extensive Q/A for instructor use. To request a copy of the DVD and supplementary materials please contact you local utility. For a complete listing of all the Safe Electricity utility members click here.
A medical license is required for a doctor to practice medicine in a particular state. Requirements vary by state but most require, at a minimum, post-graduate training in the doctor’s specific specialty. An NPI number is a national identifier unique to an individual health care provider and is managed by the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). Learn more about Dr. Alan Miller: View the full profile to get information on: - What's important to you View full profile Write a Review Education & Awards Dr. Miller graduated from The University of Texas at Houston. Dr. Miller has 1 hospital affiliations: - University Medical Center - Lubbock Similar doctors nearby - Additional Information - Dr. Alan Marc Miller MD is a male Diagnostic Radiologist, has 35 years of experience and practices in Diagnostic Radiology. - Where does Dr. Alan M. Miller practice? - Dr. Alan Miller has 1 office location. Dr. Alan Miller practices Diagnostic Radiology near Lubbock, TX. See Lubbock Radiologists.
If talking a fantasy setting I would do the following - Using one page sketch a world or continent map - Label important regions - Write one page of background giving no more than a handful of sentences to each region. - Pick an area roughly 200 miles by 150 miles - Grab a 8.5 by 11 sheet of hex paper. - The scale should be so that it represents a 200 by 150 mile region - Draw in mountains - Draw in rivers - Draw in hills using them to divide the region into distinct river valley - Draw in vegetation (swamps, forests, desert, etc) - Decide to place Population Locales note their race this includes social monsters - Decide to place Lairs (locales tht revolves around a home of monsters) - Decide to place Ruins (locales that revolves around a site) - Decide to place miscellaneous locales. (anything that doesn't fit a above. - Name your geography (don't forget islands) - Write a Half Page background describing the region and it's history. - Write a paragraph describing each named geography - Write a paragraph describing each Population Locale - Write a paragraph describing each Lair (you could get away with a stat block) - Write a paragraph describing each Ruin - Look at your notes and come up with two to four plots that ties one or more locales together. Write a paragraph or two on each. - For each population locale come up with three to five encounters. They should be a sentence each. - Come up with 6 to 12 general encounter for the region as a whole. Should usable in any area of the region. They are a sentence or two each. - Pick the 4 or 6 most important Population locales and draw a quarter page sketch map of the settlement. - Pick the starting population locale and draw a full page map of the settlement. This is the "Home Base" - Use Medieval Demographics to get an a idea of how many shops are in the town. - Pick or create 6 or 12 important buildings. Write a paragraph each. - Scan your descriptions for NPCs or noted monsters. Write a two sentence about each. The first a one line with minimal stats the second one sentence. This is your roster. - Pick the 12 most important NPC or Monsters - Write a paragraph describing each and fully stat them. - Pick the most six common encounter type. (City Guard, Border Warders, Bloody Hand, Orcs) Write a paragraph and fully stat them. - Scan your description for any regional organization and write a paragraph on them. Fully stat the most common encounters involved with them. - Make up a rumor chart with 10 to 20 items that feeds the players into the encounter and plots you created in above. - Identify major regions and create a random encounter chart for each (monsters, wildlife and NPCs) [Thanks Jeff I just plumb forgot] This will probably run to about 10,000 words. You can do this in about 2 weeks spending about 2 hours an evening at a 1,000 words a evening and time drawing maps. Or consider it about 24 hours of work. This is being expanded in the following posts. A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part I covers Step 1 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part II covers Step 2,3, & 4 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part III covers Step 5,6,7,8,9, & 10 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part IV covers Step 11, 12, & 13. A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part V covers Step 14, & 15. A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part VI covers Step 16. A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part VII covers Step 17. A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part VIII covers Step 18, 19, & 20. A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part IX covers Step 21 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part X covers Step 22 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XI covers Step 23 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XII covers part of Step 24 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XIII covers part of Step 24 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XIV covers part of Step 24 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XV covers part of Step 24 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XVI covers part of Step 24 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XVII covers Step 25 A Fantasy Sandbox in detail Part XVIII covers Step 26 How to Make a Fantasy Sandbox by Robert Conley with layout by Patrick Walsh. (Bugbears for Breakfast) collects the previous steps into a single PDF.
Dayton sets fire to the rain Tyler Clark rushed for 223 yards and three touchdowns, and Darren Ashley added a touchdown of his own on the ground as Dayton improved to 5-0 overall with a 27-8 defeat over Class 3A West Valley League opponent Horizon Christian on Friday night. The Pirates took a 6-0 lead into halftime thanks to Clark's 8-yard run on Dayton's first possession of the game. The rest of the half was played in a total downpour, and both teams struggled to move the ball offensively. At the beginning of the second half, the rain had stopped, and again Dayton capitalized. Clark scored on consecutive possessions as the Pirates began to pull away from the Hawks (1-4 overall, 1-1 West Valley League). Dayton (2-0 West Valley League) fumbled nine times during the game, losing three, but picked off two passes to keep Horizon Christian at bay. Read more about the game in Tuesday's News-Register. Tigard 58, McMinnville 0 This one's going to hurt. Tigard, ranked No. 2 in Class 6A, shut out McMinnville in Tigard on Friday night. It was the second consecutive loss in Class 6A Pacific Conference play for the Grizzlies (3-2 overall, 1-2 Pacific Conference). The Tigers improved to 5-0 (3-0 Pacific Conference), having scored 38 or more points in every game this season. Amity 27, Willamina 0 Amity quarterback Brett Hilt rushed 13 times for 207 yards and three touchdowns as the Warriors beat the Bulldogs in Friday's Class 3A West Valley League game in Amity. Hilt scored touchdown runs of 24, 32, and 46 yards against the Bulldogs. Freshman Tyler Berrier added another touchdown run, and Amity recorded a safety in the first quarter. "We really stifled them in the running game," Warriors coach Jared Hinkle said. "For us, it was nice to kind of get the running game going." Sheridan 28, Gervais 6 Justin Acuff's 158 yards and two touchdowns on the ground helped Sheridan to their first win of the season as the Spartans defeated Class 3A West Valley League opponent Gervais on the road Friday night. "It was their homecoming," Sheridan coach Bryce Ingram said, "and sometimes homecoming doesn't always favor the home team." Matt Bushbaum threw a touchdown pass in the third quarter to help the Spartans (1-4 overall, 1-1 West Valley) break the game open. The Cougars dropped to 0-3 (0-2 West Valley) on the season. Yamhill-Carlton 13, Astoria 9 Yamhill-Carlton won consecutive games for the first time since 2007 as the Tigers dispatched the Fishermen in Yamhill on Friday night. Read more about this game in Tuesday's News-Register.
Pelosi pre-surrenders to Iran I always knew the Democrats were out-and-out wimps when it came to foreign policy, but now they have surprised even me. San Fran Nan Pelosi, Squawker of the House of Representatives, told the press yesterday that President Bush lacks the authority to invade Iran. ”I do believe that Congress should assert itself, though, and make it very clear that there is no previous authority for the president, any president, to go into Iran,” she said erroneously. Let's break this one down carefully, because we are dealing with two travesties here, not just one. First, Pelosi has no business, constitutional or otherwise, telling the president how to defend our country. He is the commander-in-chief of our military forces, not Congress, and his job is to protect our troops overseas. The Iranians have been behind a number of attacks on our troops in Iraq. We are gathering proof which addresses this, and if the Iranians don't start making nice, then we have every right to defend our forces by any means necessary. Second, with her empty-headed comments meant to impress liberal voters, Pelosi is sending a huge signal to Iran that she and her fellow Democrats will actively work to prevent the United States from holding Iran accountable for terrorism and nuclear weapons proliferation. Pelosi thinks she's saying, "We will not let President Bush go to war against Iran without Congressional approval." What the Iranians are hearing is, "Go ahead, boys. Do your worst. We simply couldn't care less."
- Sorry, this item is not available in - Image not available - To view this video download Flash Player |Listen Instantly with||Album| |Other Formats & Versions||Amazon Price||New from||Used from| LOVE LOVE LOVE this is an amazing CD. And as one poster noted, it never gets old!!. I bot this years ago and its more meaningful now than it was then. Read morePublished 17 days ago by Gale I enjoy listening to UC Berkeley's fight song Sunny Came Home. Maybe some day their band will play it. I've had this since probably 1998, back in its heyday when "Sunny Came Home" was on the radio and won a Grammy. Read morePublished 13 months ago by snow47 This is Colvin's best alblum, just loaded with great songwriting. I wish it had been marketed better back in the day. Read morePublished 15 months ago by Frederick L. Starr This is Shawn's Grammy Award winning album of the year release of which Sunny Came Home won song of the year bringing this remarkable artist the acclaimed attention she... Read morePublished on March 22, 2013 by Joe Carlig This is a wonderful CD by Shawn Colvin. Each song is unique and original. She is such a wonderful artist! Love this CD!Published on January 31, 2013 by Lena
(c) Pocumtuck Valley Memorial Association, Deerfield MA. All rights reserved. Contact us for information about using this image. It was customary in the 18th century for a young man to ask the parents or guardian of the girl he wished to marry for permission to continue his courtship. Samuel Field (1743-1800) of Deerfield, Massachusetts, was the uncle and guardian ("since her kind and dutifull behaviour towards me and my Family, has much endeared her to me, so that she seems more like a Child than a Niece") of Hannah Taylor (born 1722). The letter responds to the request by Elihu Hoyt (1771-1833) to marry Hannah. Field admits that he does not pretend to control Hannah, but he feels the match would be a good one and he extends to Mr. Hoyt his best wishes for success in courting her.
This is your shopping cart. From here you may add new products, continue shopping, or begin checking out. Cart Contents & Totals * Shipping will be calculated after choosing your shipping option. ** Sales tax will be added for orders in the following states. *** State sales tax is subject to change without notice. Actual invoice may differ slightly.
Advertise Lake Vacation Rentals Winchester Lake is nestled in the heart of northwestern Connecticut's elegant Litchfield County. At 229 acres, the crystal clear water of the lake offers visitors and residents plenty of opportunity for fishing and boating. Although the forested shoreline is fairly developed with private homes, visitors can gain access to the awaiting water through a public boat launch on the southern shore adjacent to the Winchester Lake dam. Winchester Lake is a manmade lake created by a dam on the headwaters of the East Branch Naugatuck River completed in the late 1920s. The lake averages nine feet deep with a maximum depth of 17 feet. Most of the deep water is in the southern end of the lake near the dam. The northern end of the lake is fairly shallow. Rather than cut the trees in the area when the dam was first constructed, engineers allowed the forest to flood and later cut the tree tops during winter ice. Today submerged trees and stumps abound throughout the lake. Although a bit of an obstacle course for boaters, the lake is known for its largemouth bass and northern pike. The Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection began stocking northern pike into the lake in 2005. Anglers are now reporting pike exceeding the state's 26-inch size limit, with many of these fish reaching 36 inches. The dam is a popular spot for fishing, but anglers should use heavy line to deal with the numerous underwater snags. Note: Although most fish taken from Connecticut lakes and streams are safe to eat, refer to the Connecticut Fish Consumption Advisory (link below) before eating fish caught from any Connecticut waterway. Winchester Lake's beautiful setting, varied shoreline and rocky coves make if a favorite destination for boaters and paddlers. An eight MPH limit on motorboats keeps the water calm and peaceful. Due to the abundance of submerged trees, flat bottom boats, canoes and kayaks will have the easiest passage across the lake. For those who would like to spend some time in the area, vacation rentals and private real estate are abundant as well as additional lodging in the nearby city of Winsted. Campers will find several private campgrounds near Burr Pond State Park, southeast of Winchester Lake. Camping is also available in the American Legion State Forest located east of Winchester Lake. For additional outdoor recreation, Dennis Hill State Park is located northwest of Winchester Lake. This 240-acre park offers picnic facilities, hiking, and spectacular panoramic views as far away as New Hampshire. The Mad River Reservoir and Rugg Brook Reservoir are located northeast of Highland Lake and offer wildlife viewing and hiking. Southeast of Winchester Lake is Paugnut State Forest and Sunny Brook State Forest. Paugnut State Forest is part of a 2,410 acre, contiguous park and forest complex that includes Burr Pond State Park and Sunny Brook State Park. Popular activities include hiking, mountain biking, hunting and cross country skiing. Burr Pond State Park is a great place to spend a summer afternoon. Burr Pond offers fishing, boating and swimming and the surrounding area is great for hiking. East of Winchester Lake is the American Legion and Peoples State Forests. These two forests offer camping, mountain biking, hiking, hunting, picnic facilities, cross-country skiing, and snowmobiling trails. The West Branch of the Farmington River, designated as a Wild and Scenic River by the National Park Service, is the focal point of the heavily forested land and offers river-based recreational activities including trout fishing, canoeing, kayaking and tubing. East of Winchester Lake is Crystal Lake, a primary source of drinking water for the town of Winchester. The 145-acre sparking lake is also known for its boating and excellent trout fishing. Highland Lake, located just a few miles east of Crystal Lake is a 444-acre sparkling lake known for its bass, salmon and trout. The city of Winsted, located within the town Winchester, lies east of Winchester Lake. The town is noted for its stately Victorian, Greek Revival, Neo-Classical, Ecclesiastical, Queen Anne and Colonial Revival homes. The Main Street area is lined with unique shops and restaurants. For children there is a skateboard park, a huge Playscape park, ball fields, and miniature golf with batting cages and go carts. Golfers will find a several golf courses in the area. Winsted also provides the area with complete shopping facilities Less than a half hour south is the City of Torrington, the largest city in Litchfield County. Visitors to Winchester Lake will find Torrington to be a mix of retail and tourist attractions. The downtown area is as a thriving cultural center, boasting the Warner Theatre and the renowned Nutmeg Conservatory. Antique dealers, art galleries, art deco architecture and small specialty shops make the area appealing for residents and tourists alike. There are also a number of city parks and hiking trails that allow visitors to truly enjoy the beauty of the area. No matter what your reason for visiting Winchester Lake, you are sure to be treated to scenic views and beautiful inviting water. This paddler's paradise offers a serene place for fishing, boating, exploring, and so much more. Copyright © 2007-2015 Lakelubbers LLC. All Rights Reserved. Please LINK to our homepage or to this Winchester Lake page.
Floor Exercise - 15.25 Rings - 14.70 2013 (Junior Season): Competed on floor exercise and on rings in every meet of the season for the Buckeyes ... scored a career-high 15.25 on floor exercise against Michigan (Feb. 16) for a third-place finish ... earned a fourth-place finish on floor exercise with a 14.90 against Illinois (Feb. 23) ... scored a career-high 14.70 on rings against UIC (March 9) to place fourth ... also placed third on floor exercise with a 15.00. Prior to Ohio State: Trained and competed for North Raleigh Gymnastics under coach Ben Stern. Personal: Son of Dianna and Dave Jeffreys ... has three siblings, Graham, Grace and Ellen ... would like to get a job in world finance after graduation with a degree in international business ... favorite pastimes include fishing and camping ... lists greatest sports thrill as becoming an Ohio State student-athlete.
OPINION / FIKRAD : Successful recovery from two decades of conflict and social strife is not an easy task.Somalia’s civil war has caused much physical destruction and human suffering both of which can be overcome irrespective of the magnitude. Unfortunately, the Long term casualties are the loss of trust between communities (social enmity), the loss of national vision and the erosion of moral values. These are specifically the ones that require a comprehensive planning process which includes all the tools of social rehabilitation and reconciliation twinned with extensive social education programs. The long term effects can also be extenuated by the quality of governance and public administration which represent the catalysts to overcoming conflicts and sustaining the recovery process. Their proper reconstitution is central to overcoming the conflict as they underpin all other recovery programs and if insufficiently attended to will cause the underperformance of all other efforts including those of reconciliation of the society. Because of the compelling evidence from so many examples in our country that a corrupt government and administration only add fuel to an already burning fire of moral decadence and corruption, our cherished desire to install a quality government that brings back sovereignty is exceedingly becoming hopeless. The tug of war between outside forces and the long term casualties of the civil war require that the administrative branches of the government be anchored by individuals with strong leadership and courage to restore moral values and national vision. At the end of the day, the quality of government is the president’s responsibility. The qualities required of the president, as the leader of such government, deserves special scrutiny. “In a caravan, the lead camel sets the pace and quality of the journey”. Probably the most important aspect of the transition inSomaliais the qualities of the lead “camel” – the president that is. To end two decades of civil war, almost everyone has an expectation of what kind of a person our homeland needs as president. The desirable qualities and character must fit the difficult journey ahead of the nation. Competence, which includes knowledge, efficiency and effectiveness, will rank high in the list of perquisites. The future president must be someone of great character and, as dictated by the testing times, this particular trait may in the long run be more important then all other characters. The future president will also posses modesty, and courage in abundance. Arrogance and the lack of capacity or willingness to listen to others are diagonally opposed to the social traits of an egalitarian society like ours. More than two decades of trial and tribulations makes the people desirous for a leader that empathizes with their inner sentiments and feelings, someone that listens to their wants and wishes. Any president must realize that tribalism, the most hated thing inSomaliais at the same time the most trusted and used tool simply because it is the one and only thing that that society can comprehend. It might be effective to exploit it for the benefit of peace-making and reconciliation without succumbing to its demands and becoming hostage to its sinister machinations. Nor should the president use tribalism and its dogmas to run the institutions of the country. In order to end the transition, the country needs a doer not a dreamer; a president capable of uniting the divergent opinions and ideas; a president who can create something that the people can rally around – an object of cohesion. But above all, the president must not be someone who doused his hands with the blood of the Somali people. The future president must be morally and technically a good leader, meaning that he must be above par as far as morality is concerned with equally strong technical competency. He ought to be a person with the right balance of ethics and effectiveness. A president who can, rightly or wrongly, be criticized for decisions made in the course of fulfilling his responsibility; a president that recognizes the cultural transition taking place in the Somali society. We need a president that does not succumb to the biblical Bethsheba Syndrome, the reason being that a morally weak president will surely abuse power in ways unimaginable. Weak morality has been known to bring down powerful individuals and presidents. The president is a team leader and so must understand that, although the final decisions might be in his hand, the ideas of the rest of the team forms the basis of presidential decisions. He must learn to rely on people to fulfill the mandate of his regime. As part and parcel of the leadership, the cabinet must share the qualities of the president. They must also have knowledge of their specific portfolios for which they must possess full powers to plan and implement with proper oversight by the prime minister and the president. Though charged with the responsibility of their portfolios, they must, together, be aware of the interconnectedness of all government departments. Although they may be selected on the basis of the abject and ineluctable 4.5, they should be fully aware of the breadth and depth of the sacred national obligations on their shoulders. Institutions and Standards “Progress is nothing but institutions aiming for higher and higher standards” After all is said and done, the caliber of institutions determines the success or failure of a nation. As the engine that drives the nation, a great deal of attention must be afforded to the reasons for establishing an institution – the laws governing its inner processes and procedures, the quality of staff charged with the responsibility of implementing its mandate and how such mandate is related to the rest of the national institutions. Institutions represent the lifeline of the nation. They are the medium through which the government accomplishes its services to the citizens and the grand vision of the nation, protect the citizens and build the nation. Every sphere of the government has an institution responsible for its function. Institutions aiming for higher standards bring about change in a society. They become pioneers, not only of innovation, technology but also of social well being and development. Nation building is basically institution-building. The requisite for a successful institution-building involves around the provision of concrete plans for each institution that includes a progressive yearly growth. Stagnancy is not an option. Institutions invigorate change and transformation. A transformation, in this case, entails a complete overhaul of how it does its service, a change in the quality of its service. The institution of education is one of them. Without panoptic changes to the way we educate our future leaders, we will constantly fall very short of our potential. The future education system must be based on the experience of our people; how and why we came to be at the bottom of the human hierarchy and the lessons learned. The basic tenets of our future education system must first be local with an international component. Unless we know who we are, and our particular idiosyncrasies and nagging problems, learning about the ways of others will not help us solve our problems. Our institution of education and the learning that it imparts must be grounded on our values – the Somali values. Furthermore, it must encourage students in problem solving, questioning and developing a thoughtful reflection where the teacher is the guide and a partner in forming the foundations of ideas, ideologies and solutions that will become the core of who we are as a nation and not as tribes. The present private and community institutions, especially higher education, can confer nominal degrees but cannot bring about the desired change. Most of these new institutions, fromAmoudUniversity, which was the first, to the last one announced a few months ago, are the monopoly of cynic individuals who do not have the goodwill of the society at heart. They often confound the public with trivialities without following any of the proper rigorous of higher education. Very few are run by individuals with some conscience and accountability. Most, especially the likes of Amoud, have neither academic nor financial accountability. They have become a bottleneck of problems and regression rather than the transformative universities that we require. The future transformation of education must also include how our faith is taught, who can teach it and who can preach it. Without this component, our future social transformation will be dominated by cult controversies and fringe organizations who pry on the unsuspecting society. As is common today and for the past twelve centuries, the study of Islam was largely limited to study circles at mosques. This system became vulnerable to the proliferation of alien ideas and the birth of sects, mostly with political orientations, spearheaded by an inordinately large numbers of unqualified proponents with meritless religious titles. A mosque study circle is informal learning. There is no curriculum or analytically progressive and interconnected study involved. The students are not tested on what they have learned and there is no sanctioned legal authority that can testify to the veracity of the teachings or to the knowledge of the graduates. Let us suppose that I have learned and memorize a thousand books on medicine; can I become a medical doctor? Can I lecture at a university? Can I open a practice and prescribe medications? Does the fact that I have memorized a thousand books and I am able to regurgitate the content say anything about my capacity to understand, to reason, or about my intellectual depth or ability to relate one book to the other, one idea to the next and so on? Think about it, Islam is much more profound, deeper and wider than medicine. Why is it, then, that we trust our faith and our national and individual destiny to unqualified “imams”? “No nation is sovereign unless it can pay it bills” To improve the economy, the future Somali government has to reverse the economic policies of the pre-civil war era and adopt an open market policy whereby the private sector is the driving force of the nation’s economy. Barring from attention external factors which contribute to economic development, our future government’s policies will have profound effects on economic growth. A country like ours, transitioning to peace, will need to maintain a constant economic growth for many, many years before it can reverse the trend of poverty. With the private sector taking a leadership role and government institutions providing incentives for work, investment in technology and physical and human capital, we may have a chance to emerge out of poverty and human suffering. Aside from regional and international markets, another factor that helps economic growth is the impact of cultural outlook. A society that consumes more imports, especially food products ends up discouraging its own farmers. Moreover such society becomes victims to foreign market fluctuations, unless their government cushions (subsidies) the wild price variations, in which case, local inflation becomes a real risk. Because Somalis consume rice, pasta and other imports as stable diets, we feel the pressure of price fluctuations more than other nations whose stable diets are locally produced. The government must develop programs that subtly influence the consumption habits and attitudes utilizing a combination of social education and incentives to encourage trust in local products and taxes. Social development, reconciliation and rehabilitation “On those stepping into rivers staying the same other and other waters flow”- Heraclitus, Greek philosopher The Greek philosopher is using the metaphor of a river to talk of change. The terrain over which the water flows the same but the water is not the same. That constantly changing water in a fixed terrain is the river. Like a river a society is constantly changing. The ideas of change are the water and the society itself is the terrain. Change can be good or bad. This is where the government comes in. Social change can be affected through a slow, gradual and planned process such as education or by sudden and often harsh process such as civil wars. Harsh social changes, although capable of good change, do not bring about permanent social stability (or at least it takes a long time). The current developments inSomalia, though still in the embryonic stage, can be nudged towards stability to give society a chance to avail itself of two decades of social strife. In order to deepen the roots of stability, it must be intentionally planned. One of the ways to do that is through education – both formal and social education. A number of factors associated with social development have to be proliferated in order to gain a change in the way of life. Among the most important of this are human dignity and social justice. There is nothing worse than being undignified and unjustly treated in your own country at the hands of your own authorities. This and this alone, has been one of the root causes ofSomalia’s civil war. Communities demand equity in the delivery of services. It is common for African nations to pour proportionally higher amount of resources into the capital region and, thus, create a one-city-state. The future policy makers, meeting the challenge of a more efficient and strategic allocation of public resources, must invest in all regions of the country. The Tribal States During the run of the TFG, we witnessed a drastic increase in the formation of “Tribal states”. Galmudug State, Mareeg State, Ceelbuur State, Ximin & Xeeb, Azania, Jubbaland, Maakhir State, Awdal State, Bay State, Khatumo State, Banaadir State, Somaliland, Puntland, Western Puntland and Udubland are examples. Are there any reasons behind the formation of the tribal states? In a tribal society, when the viability of the national government is precariously unstable and its ability to govern and enforce compliance to laws are severely jeopardised she tries to accommodate tribes in varying degrees. States likeSomalilandand Puntland have formed out of the political astuteness of the two dominant tribes who realized the rush way before anyone else. The TFG gave the nod to a number of these tribal states and, in turn, others formed because other tribes were weary of being left out of the political process and thus a piece of the pie. A closer scrutiny reveals that the overwhelming majority of these states are monopolized by one tribe despite the undeniable fact that there is no region inSomaliawhich is exclusively settled by a single tribe. Sadly, the tribe exercising the monopoly of the politics of the tribal state is one that also has had a heavy hand in the prolongation of the Somali civil war. The only exception is Udubland, a region, overlapping parts ofAzania, with a diverse array of tribes all of whom have borne the brunt of the civil war and still continue to suffer under the merciless foot of Alshabab. Udubland is the breadbasket of the county which onto itself is reason enough for alien (non-indigenous to the region) tribes to scramble for its subjugation. As a result, Udubland has been formed to leverage political muscle from the national and international bodies to highlight the suffering of the peaceful agrarian peoples of these regions. For a while, the TFG and the tribal states existed in symbiosis to defeat Alshabab but that relationship is waning as the power of Alshabab waned. Lately, the TFG has been hinting that she will not recognize any of these multitudes of states. The politics of the tribal states involves bothEthiopiaandKenya, with the later devising to create a buffer zone between her and Alshabab yet unable or unwilling to choose sides between the armed Raaskamboni and the proponents ofAzania.Ethiopia, though, is apprehensive of Raaskamboni taking over the area and exporting the armed struggle toEthiopia. In the Central regions, the unabating struggle between Galmudug, Mareeg, Ximin & Heeb and the religious organization, Ahl-Sunna – a splinter of the same tribes in the area and dominated by the same tribe that dominates Galmudug, created a zone ripe for Ethiopian meddling and armed infiltration. Discounting for Ethiopian incursions and influence, the shear friction between a religious and secular political organization will tear the region apart. Transformation of tribe into a state has severe consequences for other tribes within the confines of the tribal state boundaries who have not declared their own state within the state. As usurpation of power by one tribe usually ends up in escalation of hostilities because of the inherent unfairness in inter-tribal politics where the tribe holding the monopoly also holds monopoly of state power and resources, the result is a disastrous cycle of social chaos. In a tribal society, there is always an element of tribe in the national state and an element of state in the tribe. How many times have we heard “dawladayada – our government” or “annagaa dalka ka talina – we rule the country”. ‘We’ means the tribal “we”. The situation precipitously goes downhill when the powers of tribal monopoly are certified by the national government, a neighbouring country or even the UN. It will be the unfortunate job of the future government and its president to navigate these infested waters of tribal political rivalry and pertinacious foreign manipulations traveling on the backs Somali marauders who believe that politics is the best profession for seeking undeserved power, fame and control of the gateway to material satisfaction by squandering public resources. The role of tribes and their leaders as actors and influencers of the policies of the state will have profound ripple effects on the administration of the futureSomalia. The tribal state discussion will not be complete without touching on the role of Somaliland and Puntland, the first two tribal states, on the future ofSomalia. Even though they share all the traits of tribal statehood, Somaliland seems to be keen on secession whereas Puntland has always called itself ‘an autonomous state ofSomalia’ despite her relentless search to gain unconventional power and political concessions at the expense of the rest of the country. With the Siiraanyo regime in power,Somalilandhas been sending mixed signals on the unity issue that give some credence to the theory that secession was a bargaining chip. Both states are plagued by dissention from other tribes who are in the boundary of their respective territorial claims. There is also a land dispute between them withSomalilandholding on to the colonial boundary, an issue integral to recognition as perceived by Somalilanders, and Puntland claiming tribal blood lines to the disputed area. IfSomalilandcomes back to the fold of unity, their land dispute will automatically become a mute point, however, if she persists in her current course, the stability of that part of the country is in real peril. The essence of sovereignty is the ability to guarantee security There is no doubt that AMISOM was crucial in the war against Alshabab and creating enclaves of peace in and around the capital city. With its help, the poorly armed, underpaid Somali forces continue to expand the area under the influence of the TFG. Notwithstanding there positive contribution and sacrifices, AMISOM’s presence inSomaliais imbued with controversy. In the eyes of a large number of Somalis, they represent an occupying army that gives Meles, Museveni and Mahiga the clout to lord over the Somalis and their affairs, political, social or economical. A corollary branching off from this thought is that AMISOM is a project perpetrated at the expense of the Somali people. It is argued that the money paid by the international donor community (of which only a fraction reaches the soldiers at the front lines, the rest being channeled into the coffers of their countries) could have been better spent by building a Somalia National Army. There are no plans, unfortunately, on the part of the international community, represented by a galaxy of organizations to build or even improve the quality of the ragtag Somali Army. In addition, a few operations on key towns, that came about on the eve of some international events onSomaliagive more and more credence to a “ProjectSomalia”. Baidoa and Hudur were liberated on the eve of the London Conference. Beledwayne was liberated on the eve of the Istanbul Conference. These so-called liberated cities gave unexpected momentum to the events they coincided (or made to coincide with) but once the euphoria died down, the liberation did not bring any fruitful development of sorts. And yet, other African nations keep joining AMISOM so that they also receive a pie of the loot that isSomalia. The latest isKenya. Kenya’s incursion intoSomaliatakes two steps forwards and two back. It has not produced any tangible military gains apart from the liberation of Afmadow, coincidentally also on the eve of the Istanbul Conference.Kenyais being pulled apart by Raskamboni militia and the so-calledAzaniamanagement who both lobby for control of the area. The heaviest acrimony towards the AU peacekeepers has gained momentum for the three years from 2007 to 2010. During this period, the rise in civilian casualties as a result of AMISOM’s harum-scarum bombardment of heavily populated civilian areas, especially markets, catalyzed negative sentiments towards the peace keepers. Their indifference was highlighted by one of the famous remarks claiming that they had “No choice but to respond to the mortar attacks from Alshabab who are hiding behind civilians”. One would expect AMISOM, an intertional organization, to have higher moral standards than Alshabab, the militia, but when Alshabab fires mortars from inside markets and AMISOM happily and indiscriminately strikes back at the same market knowing that it is a civilian centre of commerce, any claim of higher moral standards by AMISOM simply fades into thin air. For three long years, AMISOM and Alshabab exchanged indiscriminate attacks on civilians andMogadishubled unforgivably and unforgettably. Once the country is in their hands, the future government will deal with AMISOM quickly, decisively and wisely. The AU troops have helped the nation yet, in order to solidify our own sovereignty they must return home to their own countries. Their continued presence reflects a a diminished authority of the national government itself. On the other hand, their role in the death of thousands who died in their hands as a result of care-free bombardments will remain in the social memory forever and can and will surface from time to time. These are all issues that the future government has to sort out. The tight lines that she is going to walk, the compromises required on her part, the opposing ideologies and interests it has to balance and, provided that it is a government loyal to the Somali cause, the hard choices it has to make are the reasons that compel us to require a government lead by people of outstanding character. Nur Bahal | Toronto,ON | Canada | email@example.com ____________________________________________________________Share on Facebook
This is wannabe-princesses’ dream: a golden store packed with vintage sundresses, ball gowns, day dresses, wedding gowns, cocktail dresses and every other kind of dress that exists, in every color and from every era from the ‘40s on to the ‘80s. But this store’s asset is not only its vast fund of dresses—bought 15 years ago in the US and still not ebbed away—it’s about the surroundings. The staff is incredibly patient and helpful, the dresses are cleaned (no rotten cotton smell!), fixed and ironed, and the in-house tailor will fit everything to your wishes. The interior supports the staged feeling, making it possible to turn into a ‘50s housewife, a ‘70s hippie or a ‘40s glamour lady. Oranienburger Straße 32 +49 30 28096500 As a kid she used to like playing optician with her sister, but it wasn’t until just four years ago that the idea of a vintage glasses store became a reality for Uta Geyer. After finishing her studies, Geyer started buying stock from optician clearance sales and vintage furnishing from the 1950’s and opened her tiny shop in the middle of Prenzlauer Berg. This cute gem sells tons of unworn (!) glasses and sunglasses variations for around 100€, as well as vintage cases. Everything is sold by patient women who give professional and personal advice. Since finding the ideal glasses for your face—Geyer says there are the perfect glasses for every face—is not done in five minutes, you should allow youself some time to peruse the stock. Up next is a bigger store on Torstraße, where reprises of old models by traditional companies like Oliver Goldsmith (remember the legendary sunglasses worn by Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany’s?) will be sold. Marienburger Straße 11 10405 Berlin +49 30 43739465 +49 30 2021 5216 Mommsenstraße is second hand paradise for anyone interested in designer labels and vintage fur. We chose Madonna because her selection is always up to date and diverse. The messy interior may not suggest past seasons of Chloé or Matthew Williamson dresses and for a third of the prime cost with dresses from 200€, but just keep digging in between the packed racks and shelves, you’ll find something. +49 30 3247632 Treptow might not have been your first choice for a vintage hunting up until now, but this will surely change when you learn that just off the Landwehrkanal, Schwarze Truhe offers a chest full of carefully selected vintage fashion for men and women. Starting as an online shop for gothic clothing, the manager has turned her focus onto exquisite ball gowns and garments from the 1920’s through the 1980’s (dresses ca. 30€!), presenting her finds in a rather small but nice shop. Her patient and detailed advice is outstanding—if you’re searching for a green cocktail dress, she will go through the racks until she’s found something just right. Though her most breathtaking treasures, like black, floor length silk gowns with expensive pleating from the ‘20s, are kept in the back of the store and are preserved for film, theater and photo shootings, you won’t be disappointed by the diversified choice in this small store, which is certainly worth the trip. +49 30 53212305 Vintage stores do not need to be messy and smelly rummage stores in retro colors: Garments in Prenzlauer Berg offers selected second hand pieces in a neat and sleek, but warm and open atmosphere. In front of walls painted in a discreet grey hangs a selected choice of clothing by Miu Miu, Wunderkind and Chloé (dresses ca. 120€), as well as a remarkable assortment of jewelry, like exquisitely crafted sequined bags, delicate brooches (ca. 8 €) and statement necklaces. Everything offered is rarely worn, as most of the collection comes from theater and film costume stores and is still offered at a mid price range with dresses starting around 30 euro. Stargarder Straße 12 +49 30 74779919 Just around the corner from Berlin’s finest avant-garde fashion store, Apartment, Cash offers not only the boutique’s sale items, but also a choice of up-to-date second hand items by designers like Ann Demeulemeester, Rick Owens and Undercover, all sold on commission. The tiny store is packed with funky bomber jackets, leather coats, vintage sheer dresses, shoes, accessories, jewelry of every sort and fashionistas. Rosa-Luxemburg Straße 11 If you sell on commission, it all depends on the suppliers: this basement store is in the perfect Mitte location in which to grab all the garments the creative class shops, wears and then abandons. Actors, designers, architects and the likes usually have a high class, but fluctuating wardrobe, and this store offers their discarded Junya Watanabe and Christian Louboutin items, all at reasonable prices (dresses ca. 150€). +49 177 2991789 ALSO TRY THESE FLEA MARKETS: Arkonaplatz, Fehrbelliner Platz, Rathaus Schöneberg, Mauerpark, Boxhagener Platz
Interactive Whiteboards | News Splashtop Releases Whiteboard App for Android Tablets Splashtop, a California-based software company founded in 1996, has released an application that gives functionality similar to that of an interactive whiteboard to Android-based tablet computers. The application, Splashtop Whiteboard, allows annotations to be made on a tablet computer and displayed through an existing projector or interactive whiteboard when the tablet is connected to a school computer via a wireless network connection. Based on the company's remote desktop application, Splashtop Remote Desktop, the whiteboard application has remote desktop capabilities that can be used to manipulate school computers and existing whiteboard software through a tablet's touch controls and built in keyboard. In addition to remote access capabilities, the application has built-in whiteboard functionality that supports annotations over images, flash media, and lessons created in Microsoft PowerPoint or Apple's Keynote software. - A floating toolbar with annotation and visual controls; - The ability to save snapshots; - Multiple annotation colors; - Adjustable line thickness; - Templates for circle and square shapes; - A spotlight feature; - Support for gestures; - Text replacement; and - Highlighting capabilities. The application supports tablets running Android 3.1 or later and is currently available at Google Play (formerly Android Market) for $9.99 for a limited time, after which the price will be $19.99. Further information is available at splashtop.com/whiteboard. Dan Thompson is a freelance writer based in Brea, CA. He can be reached here.
It could have been titled Let It Bleed. Partially a concert film from the Rolling Stones’ free show at California’s Altamont Speedway in 1969, Gimme Shelter is also a documentary of the violence that would forever be associated with the event. With the notorious Hells Angels motorcycle gang handling security, four people were killed at Altamont; one man, Meredith Hunter, was stabbed to death by a Hells Angels member as the cameras rolled. The three directors — brothers David and Albert Maysles and Charlotte Zwerin — shot the film over 10 days during the band’s tour. While the music inevitably rocks (it is the Rolling Stones, after all), the film’s inherent tragedy is summed up in a post-concert scene of Mick Jagger, seeing Hunter’s murder unfold on an editing machine, rewind the footage to watch it in slow motion. The 1960s had certainly come to an end. TIME’s take: “What the filmmakers have unarguably done in these scenes is give brilliant shape and form to a nightmare.”
High school basketball practices began Monday in Oregon, and here are five questions heading into the start of the season: - Who figures among the state's top-tier players? In boys, it starts with Jesuit senior Kyle Wiltjer, a 6-foot-9 forward who has signed with Kentucky. Wiltjer is rated as the country's No. 16 recruit for the class of 2011 by ESPN.com, No. 21 by Scout.com. The state's top junior is at Horizon Christian in Tualatin: Jordan Tebbutt, a 6-5 small forward rated No. 21 for the class of 2012 by ESPN.com. Other senior boys who have signed or orally committed include Westview's Austin Kuemper (Oregon), Central Catholic's David Carr (Portland) and Kidus Ephrem (Portland State), Jesuit's Jordan Akwenuke (Portland) and Benson's Andrew Andrews (Washington). Others boys to watch include Central Catholic guard Will Bond, Woodburn post player Andy Avgi and Sunset guard Dominique Ditlefsen. In girls, veterans and newcomers are among the state's elite. Among the top seniors are Clackamas post player Jen Reese, Jesuit forward Elizabeth Brenner, Franklin guard Jude Schimmel and Tualatin forward Emily Ben-Jumbo. Reese has signed at Colorado, Ben-Jumbo at Loyola Marymount and the multitalented Brenner signed for volleyball at Oregon. Another upperclassman to watch is West Albany junior forward Samantha Siegner. The sophomore class has two who could shortly appear on the national radar in Jefferson forward Jordan Reynolds and Central Catholic post player Kailee Johnson. This year's freshman class has three impact players in Jaime Nared of Westview, Leslie Robinson of Corvallis and Lexi Bando of Willamette. Robinson is the daughter of Oregon State men's coach Craig Robinson, and Nared is rated as one of the country's top freshmen. - Is there a challenger for Class 6A boys champion Jesuit? Posed this question, Westview coach Pat Coons recoiled. "You mean, Jesuit AND Westview?" Coons said. The Wildcats have a counter to Wiltjer in Kuemper, and they handed Jesuit its lone in-state defeat last season. The Crusaders are a preseason No. 17 in ESPN Rise's national rankings. Schools that could challenge the two Metro League powers are Central Catholic, with its threesome of Bond, Ephrem and Carr; Barlow and perhaps Lake Oswego. - With use of play-in games, could one league dominate the playoffs? The Metro League in boys and girls and Portland Interscholastic League should benefit with more potential entries into the postseason. Last season, the Metro boys were an overtime loss from advancing all four of its state playoff teams to the eight-team 6A tournament. Coons points to Aloha, last in the Metro the past three years, as a team that could benefit. "Aloha seems like they're 7-0, 7-1 every year in nonleague games, but in the Metro, they struggle," Coons said. "I think the new playoff system is going to be a huge thing for the Metro League." Jefferson boys coach Pat Strickland sees the PIL capitalizing on having each of its schools getting a playoff shot. "Our league is going to be pretty good, and if you have one of the better leagues, you're going to benefit," he said. - How much does Metro League girls change with a flood of new coaches? No 6A league had as much offseason turnover among coaches as the Metro, including its signature program, Southridge. Coaching the Skyhawks this season is Dave Immel, who succeeds Michael Meek, winner of five state titles while guiding the Southridge program. Mike McNeal, interim coach at Jesuit last season, takes over at Sunset, while Jesuit is coached by Jason Lowery, former men's coach at Pacific University. Another newcomer is Westview's Edniesha Curry, a veteran AAU coach who played in the WNBA and Europe. Aloha has a new coach in Poeko Waiwaiole, formerly of Forest Grove. Beaverton is the only Metro school with a returning girls coach in Jay Ego. - How will Portland powers Franklin and Jefferson fare without their high-profile stars? Jefferson, the three-time Class 5A boys champion, lost an immensely talented senior class that had as many as seven college prospects, including two-time Oregonian Class 5A player of the year Terrence Jones. Strickland acknowledges his team won't be as dominant as in recent years, but said, "I still think we're going to have enough in the cupboard. ... We definitely should be one of the top 5A teams in the state." Jefferson's top players include 6-8 Noa Aluesi and guard Andrew Rountree. Franklin's girls move to Class 5A from Class 6A, where the Quakers won PIL titles the past two years. Franklin now has to contend with Jefferson and a roster that no longer includes Sam McCloud or Shoni Schimmel, last year's Oregonian 6A player of the year. Senior guard Jude Schimmel returns as Franklin's top player. -- Nick Daschel
(NEWSER) – Capt. Mark Gongol flies B-1B bombers for the Air Force in his day job, and he had to put those skills to use while returning from vacation with his family on a United jet. About a half-hour into the flight from Des Moines to Denver, Gongol figured something was wrong when he noticed the engines idle as the plane made an unscheduled turn, explains Gizmodo. Flight attendants rushed to the cockpit, one with a first-aid kit, as the call went out asking if there was a doctor, then a pilot, aboard. "I looked at my wife and she looked back at me and she said, 'I think you should ring the call button,'" Gongol tellsCNN.
Welcome to the Priess Lab The Priess Lab is located at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. FHCRC is located on the shores of Lake Union in Seattle, Washington, USA, and is a two-hour drive from Mt. Rainier. Our lab studies the nematode, Caenorhabditis elegans as a model system to understand the mechanisms that control development from a single-celled embryo into a complex, multi-cellular organism. Please explore the links to the left to learn more about the people and projects that make up the Priess Lab.
Make your prediction of who wins and who covers the spread for all Giants games from Game 6 through the end of the season. Winner gets the Justin Tuck signed football. Scoring: 1 pt for submitting your entry each week. 2 points for correctly guessing who wins the game and 2 points for correctly guessing who covers. You must submit your guess as a comment on any post in the week preceeding the game with a timestamp at least one day before the game. We’ll use a line from Monday or Tuesday from PinnacleSports.com. (This week, it is Giants -10.) Winner is the one with the most points after 11 games.
Gems, colorful gifts of nature By Cheryl Odden, BHG News Service What began as a promising venture in 2004 could have been deadly. Mel and Agnes Berg had chosen to be first-time vendors at Garrison’s Dickens Village Festival. And, since the Bergs live in Underwood, a neighboring community, they planned to commute back and forth each day of the three-weekend festival. Unfortunately, the commute proved to be costly; the first weekend, the couple’s van was heavily damaged when they hit a deer on the highway. Though they were shaken, they were not seriously injured. Since their vehicle was totaled, they Bergs resorted to using a different vehicle – an old car – for the remainder of the festival. During the final weekend of the 2004 event, their luck ran out again. Another deer and another damaged vehicle. "In two weeks time, we wrecked two vehicles," Mel said with a broad grin. Even though the second "older" vehicle was uninsured, and the accidents ate up any profits the couple may have made selling their wares, they weren’t discouraged from participating in future festivals. 2008 marks the couple’s fifth consecutive Dickens Festival. Their booth, M & A Gemstones, reflects their decades long love for gems and other natural treasures from the earth.
|05-06-2014 06:48 PM| Thanks everybody, you brought up some things I hadn't considered! |05-05-2014 03:27 PM| And a side note regarding the double paned with the blinds in the middle... Being in the south, I was afraid that little eight legged monsters would take up housekeeping between the panes of glass. And when you looked through them you'd get to watch the colony grow. Not the case. I've had them up for over 5 years now, nothing living between the panes. They still look brand new...well, after I clean the glass. The dogs love to lay against it. |05-05-2014 02:45 PM| I have sliding glass doors going to the backyard. Fortunately no need for window treatments. My screen has a nice tear from Lakota. I have a doggie door for the slider easy to put in take out. We had an apartment once that we had the blinds on, difficult to clean. |05-05-2014 02:08 PM| |Blanketback||I have sliding glass doors too, but plain ones. I've made my own dog barrier with the screen, by using a metal dog crate panel wedged against it. The screen pops out of the spline fairly easily with just a few muzzle punches, lol - no need to jump right against it. With the panel in place, it's perfect.| |05-05-2014 02:01 PM| My mom has the "mini blinds" in a regular door and they, to me, are awesome. I would get them. Also, we have two sets of sliding glass doors that came with the house and they don't leak. The only problem is that the sliding screen door that came with it was busted when we brought the house so it gets jammed. However, that is irrelevant to your question so...I say, if you can, go for it! |05-05-2014 02:00 PM| I have custom sliding glass doors that lead to my back yard. They are old and require regular maintenance to the tracks. Mostly because the dogs will get dirt into the runners. Once that happens, they'll come off track. It's really a shock to you when suddenly you are holding the glass door to keep it from falling!!! If you clean it when it begins to drag, you are fine. We've replaced the rollers a couple of times, but it's easy and hubby does it. Again, because of the dirt build up in the tracks. I have a set of double glass doors with the blinds in them in another area of the house. I love them. Totally love them. Haven't had any problems. If my slider wasn't custom, I would have had it replaced by the doors a long time ago. We priced it out once and decided it just wasn't cost effective. |05-05-2014 01:42 PM| |Blanketback||My mom has mini-blinds in her windows and I'm quite jealous - no dusting required, and no dogs tearing them down lol. I'd get them if I had the chance.| |05-05-2014 01:37 PM| |Gretchen||We had double paned sliding glass door and our windows replaced back in 1996 using Milgard brand. They have been great! One side of our condo faces the ocean and gets the severe pounding rains. The sliding door and windows never leak. Their warranty is excellent, will repair for free. We've had two minor issues with the sliding door and their service person came out quickly, was clean, quick and professional. Sorry I don't know what you mean by the mini-blinds.| |05-05-2014 12:36 PM| Sliding glass doors Have you gotten any lately? My husband wants new ones and I'm sort of on the fence about it. He wants the kind that have the internal little mini-blinds. Any experience pro or con? We wouldn't be installing ourselves, but any hints/tips would be appreciated, thanks!
Style1½ inches thick (3.75 cm) Product Details Artist grade canvas, archival inks, wooden stretcher bars, and UVB protective coating AvailablityUsually ships within five business days. ArtistAnn Yin CollectionGallery Description Macro shot of a hand-built wooden bridge. The rugged ropes that tie the sun worn timber together exudes strength and yet leave you with the feeling of constraint, the need to break free. Photo taken in the Grapevine Gardens in Grapevine, TX on 01/2007. Ann Yin, Texas Member Since August 2007 Artist Statement Ann Yin (me!) is a self taught artist, specializing in fun and bright folk & pop art. She loves working with acrylics and fabrics (check out my store!). She also loves long walks on the beach and short trips to outer space. Her love of all things cute and/or funny fuels her work, both on and off canvas. Her current motto? "Smile. Giggle. Hug. Repeat." You can kinda find out more about Ann on her MySpace page (myspace.com/ann_in_the_box) and website (karmabox.com). Yes, kinda. Despite all her incessant blabbing, she's still a mystery wrapped in an enigma, rolled up in a seaweed and sticky rice concoction. =^_^=
Are you ready to place your bets for the ISC'12 Student Cluster Competition ? Our intrepid reporter, Dan Olds has posted a series of profiles on each of the teams. Team Germany story - Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) in Karlsruhe, Germany is the lone European entry in the ISC'12 Student Cluster Competition. Founded in 1825, it's one of Germany's leading science, engineering, and technical universities. Mathematics and natural sciences, along with engineering sciences, are the main focus of 74% of their 22,552 student population.' - The University of Colorado team has more institutional experience in the student clustering game than all of the other competitors combined. They've competed in all five of the SC student cluster challenges‚?¶ Last year in Seattle, they brought more memory per node (126GB vs. 64GB) and a huge number of AMD Interlagos cores‚?¶' - Stony Brook University has been to the big cluster dance before. They were there for the first SC competition way back in '07, and won the overall crown at SC09 in Portland. They returned to New Orleans in 2010 to defend their title with a Cray-based design that was one of the first systems to utilize GPUs.' - Tsinghua University. We don't have a lot of first-hand knowledge about TU. It's based in Beijing‚?¶ They're perennially ranked as one of the top three science and technology universities in China ' sort of like MIT in the U.S.' - The National University of Defense Technology (NUDT)‚?¶ rocketed onto the world stage when they unveiled Tianhe-1A, the world's fastest supercomputer, in 2010. This 2.56 Petaflop super was also the largest hybrid system in the world, using 14,336 Xeon processors combined with 7,168 NVIDIA M2050 Tesla GPUs. NUDT‚?¶ participated in the SC11 Student Cluster Competition in Seattle last fall. They finished just barely behind Team Taiwan (another team that optimized their codes for GPUs), but came within an eyelash of winning it all.' We know our favorites to win, but we'll save that for when the teams face off in Hamburg starting on June 18.
||Sisters share so much! All the laughter, the crying, the silliness & the smiling, & the gift of each other always. ||I am so blessed to have a sister like you! Merry Christmas ||Recycled Heavy Cardstock ||Recycled Paper Greetings ||Green Foil, Recycled Paper
My family has planned a cruise vacation in February. While I'm excited to visit the Caribbean, I'm unsure about the impact on the environment. How bad is a cruise's carbon footprint? - Emmy Silverthorne I wish I had better news but cruises are on the heavy side of the carbon emissions scale. Don't get me wrong, we all deserve vacations to exotic places during our mountain winters. When choosing your vehicle of transportation to paradise, consider your carbon footprint. Nina Rastogi, from The Green Lantern, determined carbon emissions for a seven-day Carnival cruise from Miami, via the Cayman Islands, Honduras, Belize and Mexico, to Florida (a whopping 1,826.5 miles) is equivalent to a personal emission of 2,137 pounds of CO2 (roughly a ton). A round-trip flight on a jet from Miami to Grand Cayman would emit around 340 pounds of CO2. Big difference! Rastogi points out that a cruise ship provides more than a seat on an airplane - there's also accommodation and entertainment (which leads to a host of additional waste and environmental impacts). Not to mention the flight or drive to the destination of the cruise. That's two strikes on your carbon footprint. Ouch! In between ports, cruise ships serve as a floating hotel and party boat. All that partying and all-you-can-eat buffets leads to more waste. Friends of the Earth found that a 3,000-passenger cruise ship (the average) produced about 210,000 gallons of human sewage, eight tons of garbage and more than 130 gallons of toxic waste on a one-week voyage. I know we like to let loose on vacation but can't we be responsible travelers at the same time? If you remember, only a year ago, the Costa Concordia was grounded off the island of Giglio, along the Tuscan coast. With 2,380 tons of onboard fuel reserves, the damages to the environment and the popular tourist destination could have been catastrophic. As a silver lining, the incident did bring international focus on the operations of cruise lines everywhere. Especially, their impact on our planet. Internationally, big-ship vacations have increased in popularity with nearly 20 million passengers cruising in 2012. Even though cruises allow people to see a variety of destinations all on one trip, Responsible Vacations found cruises bring limited economic benefit to local communities and small businesses. The Daily Green reported that a cruise ship generates more air pollution than 12,000 cars in a single day. A frightening statistic when you consider that prior to 2012's new international fuel standards, most cruise lines burned a cheap grade, "dirty" fuel. Critics argue that most cruise lines get away with doing the bare minimum, squeezing through loopholes. There are cruise lines that have made some environmental strides like the Cunard Line, which has improved the coating on the hull to reduce air emissions. Holland America purchases electricity when stationed at port, as opposed to burning more fuel. The Norwegian Cruise Line offloads used cooking oil in Hawaii for recycling into bio-diesel. At the Port of Miami, the line has donated approximately 1,300 gallons of cooking oil to an organic farmer. The farmer has converted the oil into 870 gallons of bio-diesel to power farming equipment. Celebrity Cruises has installed solar panels to power the ship's elevators and LED lights, saving up to 50 percent on energy demands. Then there's the whale-size impact of wastewater from the ginormous ships. There are three basic types of wastewater on cruise ships. Bilge water is oily, engine run-off and condensation that collects in the bilge of the ship and is eventually pumped out. Grey water comes from onboard showers and sinks. Last is the dreaded black water, which comes from the toilets and drains of the infirmary. In addition to sewage, it is estimated that an average cruise ship generates 1 million gallons of gray water and 25,000 gallons of oily bilge water. Most, if not all, cruise lines now employ onboard wastewater purifying systems. However, they must use mechanical, chemical and biological measures to allow the "clean" byproduct to be discharged at sea. If you do choose a cruise, remember it is not solely the company's responsibility to ensure sustainability. Each of us, whether at home or on vacation, has to do our part to decrease our carbon footprint. Onboard, be sure to turn off the lights when not in your cabin; don't let your eyes become bigger than your belly while grazing through the massive buffets; and take public transit or walk when at port. Also, the elevators and mechanical doors should be for folks with limited mobility. In addition to saving energy and fuel, using your legs is a great way to avoid the 10-pound souvenir around your waistline. Anchors aweigh! Ask Eartha Steward is written by the staff at the High Country Conservation Center, a nonprofit organization dedicated to waste reduction and resource conservation. Submit questions to Eartha at firstname.lastname@example.org.
Twenty Eleven is the default theme for WordPress in 2011. There are tons of really cool improvements and features packed into it — more Post Formats, beautiful new header images, alternate color schemes and layouts, even custom link colors. All those features add up to the best part of Twenty Eleven: just how customizable it is. It looks great as a blog, a showcase of all your posts, and even a tumblelog or photolog. Twenty Eleven features seven Post Formats that help the look of your blog posts better match what you’re publishing. Alongside the Standard Format (for traditional blog posts and longer articles) are six additional Formats; Aside, Link, Gallery, Status, Quote, Video, and Image. The Aside Format is for shorter posts of about 1 paragraph. Because they’re shorter and meant to be digested quickly the title of the Aside post is hidden on Index pages. The Link Format looks a lot like the Aside post but if you’re using the Twenty Eleven Ephemera Widget to display a list of your recent Aside and Link posts (found in Appearance → Widgets) the title of your Link posts will point to the URL of the first link in your post instead of pointing back to the post on your blog. The Gallery Format is meant for posts using the Gallery shortcode. Gallery posts will show a thumbnail from your galleries on Index pages. The Status Format is for short personal updates. Each Status post will show the avatar of the post author alongside the content. If you have a post that’s almost entirely a quote, the Quote Format will make those quotes stand out. The Video Format is meant for posting a single video, which will appear with minimal post meta above the post to help your video content shine. The Image Format is meant for posting one image and one image only. Here the post meta, seen below your post, is presented more like a caption for the post. Light or Dark Color Schemes With only one click Twenty Eleven will allow you to change your blog’s color scheme from light to dark. You can find the color scheme options in Appearance → Theme Options. Custom Link Colors From Appearance → Theme Options you can also change your blog’s link color to better suit your current color scheme and style. The Twenty Eleven theme features three default layouts for your blog. Two of those layouts feature a typical sidebar, either on the left or right of your content. The third layout does away with the sidebar altogether turning Twenty Eleven into a tumblelog theme. It’s perfect for turning your blog into a photolog. In addition to the default layouts Twenty Eleven also features 2 custom page templates. Either one will take a normal WordPress page and transform the layout. The Sidebar page template is the simpler of the two. It simply adds a sidebar to your page. The Showcase page has more features. To get started with the custom Showcase Page Template you need to create a page for it. Choose the Showcase Template under page templates in any page, save it, and assign it as the front page in Settings → Reading. This will change your site from the standard Twenty Eleven blog look to Twenty Eleven’s fancy showcase. You still have you regular blog list at hand for several views, like categories, searches, and tags and you can specify another page to work as your blog if you want to. To add posts to the Featured Post section, also known as a post slider, just mark some posts as sticky. That’s all there is to it. To have a big featured image you need to use an image that is at least as big as the header image (1000px x 288px). Also, make sure you have a set size for Large image under Settings → Media that allows for such sizes. To populate the sidebars Ephemera Widget you can make use of the Aside or Link post formats when you create a new entry (or convert an old one). And if you want an introductory text message, just write it in the content of your Showcase page and it will appear on your site. And that’s it! There’s one more layout feature. The Twenty Eleven layout responds and adapts to your browser window. If your visitors are on a mobile device, Twenty Eleven will respond with a custom mobile layout. You can give this feature a go right now just by resizing your browser window on the Twenty Eleven demo site. You can also dress up your posts by pulling images or blockquotes into the margins with a class of “pull” and “alignleft” or “alignright”. With blockquotes you can also add a class of just “pull” if you want a more dynamic blockquote that extends out on both sides. Here are some examples of how to do that in the post HTML editor. <blockquote>A normal blockquote</blockquote> <blockquote class="pull">A bolder blockquote that extends into both margins</blockquote> <blockquote class="pull alignleft">A bolder blockquote that floats into the left margin</blockquote> <blockquote class="pull alignright">A bolder blockquote that floats into the right margin</blockquote> Adding a “pull” class to your left and right floated images will pull them into the margins as well. Quick Specs (all measurements in pixels) - The maximum content width is - The maximum sidebar width is - The header image is - The maximum width for images on attachment pages is
Showing 2 results within any distance of "Torrance, California" in category "Job Listings & Opportunities" - Commercial Seller - 8.50 mi - Priority Power Ad Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) F/T or P/T shift in clinical lab near LAX. Good pipetting skills; QA/QC paperwork, positive attitude. Excellent pay and full benefits upon successful training period. Email resume:... Do you want Torrance Daily Breeze to send you an email when new ads are placed that match this search?
- Prospective Students - Current Students Welcome to Popular Culture Studies! Please click on the tabs to the Left and Above for more info on the major and on courses available in the current and coming semester. Pop Culture named one of the coolest majors!, click here For Upcoming Courses, click here Info Session for Summer Class "Moonshine in Literature and Film" Monday, Mar. 23, 4 pm Cherry Hall 1 "Thoughts on Pop" Faculty talks Wednesday, April 8, 4-5:30 pm, Faculty House download Adobe Acrobat Reader. Note: documents in Excel format (XLS) require Microsoft Viewer, Note: documents in Word format (DOC) require Microsoft Viewer, Note: documents in Powerpoint format (PPT) require Microsoft Viewer, Note: documents in Quicktime Movie format [MOV] require Apple Quicktime,
Tuesday, July 15, 2014 Berkeley County Council has authorized spending up to $285,000 to settle a federal lawsuit by eight Berkeley County Sheriff’s Office deputies claiming unfair compensation for overtime. The authorization was made during a special meeting of council July 14 after mediations by attorneys led to an agreement. Blakely v. Berkeley County was filed in May 2013. Deputy James Blakely filed the complaint alleging the county did not reimburse him for overtime work. The complaint allowed other deputies to join. The deputies are K-9 and narcotics officers. Attorney Marybeth Mullaney represented the plaintiffs. She said the lawsuit is in regard to the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), which ensures overtime pay and holiday pay is compensated. The complaint alleges Blakely and other Berkeley County law enforcement officers suffered damages as a result of FLSA violations. The complaint stated that Blakely regularly worked in excess of 171 hours in a 28-day work cycle and was rarely compensated properly for those hours. Blakely has worked for the county since 2001. “My clients are pleased that the county worked with us to resolve this matter and they look forward to continuing to do what they love which is serving the citizens of Berkeley County. It was not an easy thing for them to step forward but they did so with the hope of making positive changes for all similarly situated County employees. I hope that the Sheriff’s Office will recognize them as leaders and that they will continue to grow in their careers with the department,” Mullaney said in a statement released to the Independent. During the July 14 meeting, county council agreed to pay up to $285,000 with those funds coming from the fund balance. The lawsuit will be settled once Judge Patrick Michael Duffy of the S.C. District Court approves the agreement. The Berkeley Independent is pleased to offer readers the enhanced ability to comment on stories. We expect our readers to engage in lively, yet civil discourse. We do not edit user submitted statements and we cannot promise that readers will not occasionally find offensive or inaccurate comments posted in the comments area. Responsibility for the statements posted lies with the person submitting the comment, not The Berkeley Independent.
This fall, Blair Underwood stars in "Ironside," an NBC reboot of the classic police drama that featured Raymond Burr as a paraplegic detective. But viewers shouldn't expect many similarities between the new show and the "Ironside" that aired from 1967 to '75. Besides the title, the fact that the title character is a detective and in a wheelchair, "everything else is re-imagined," Underwood told reporters here at the TV critics press tour. One of the chief differences is the personality of Ironside himself. As portrayed by Underwood in the pilot episode, he's a gruff and very intense guy who demands a lot of himself and his team. "He's kind of a bad ass," Underwood said. "In terms of his bad-assness, he's a great character." The character is also very self-sufficient. There are no handles on his wheelchair and he doesn't get much assistance in making his way around. That aspect of Ironside, said Underwood, is derived from the show's technical adviser -- a man who was paralyzed at the age of 19 in a skiing accident and has gone on to lead an extremely independent life. "A lot of what you see in this portrayal of Ironside is inspired by him," he said. Underwood, who had never before played a character in a wheelchair, acknowledged that the role presented a big learning curve for him. "It's something I had to delve into and continue to delve into," he said. "Our job is to make you believe it and to be as authentic as possible." Along those lines, a producer was asked if any actual paraplegics were considered for the role. They were not, he replied, because the series will feature many flashback scenes showing Ironside before his injury.
ROCHESTER, Minn. — Bipolar disorder evolves differently in patients who also binge eat, a study by Mayo Clinic, the Lindner Center of HOPE and the University of Minnesota found. Binge eating and obesity often are present among bipolar patients, but the mood disorder appears to take a different path in those who binge eat than it does in obese bipolar patients who do not, the researchers discovered. The findings are published online in the Journal of Affective Disorders. Up to 4 percent of Americans have some form of bipolar illness, and of those, just under 10 percent also have binge eating disorder -- a higher rate of binge eating than seen in the general population, says co-author Mark Frye, M.D., a psychiatrist and chair of the Department of Psychiatry/Psychology at Mayo Clinic in Rochester. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) update released this spring recognizes binge eating disorder as a distinct condition, he noted. Bipolar patients who binge eat are more likely to have other mental health issues such as suicidal thoughts, psychosis, anxiety disorders and substance abuse, the study found. People with bipolar disorder who are obese but do not binge eat are more likely to have serious physical problems such as arthritis, diabetes, high blood pressure and heart disease. It was more common for women than men with bipolar disorder to binge eat or to be obese, the study showed. "The illness is more complicated, and then by definition how you would conceptualize how best to individualize treatment is more complicated," Dr. Frye says. "It really underscores the importance of trying to stabilize mood, because we know when people are symptomatic of their bipolar illness their binge frequency is likely to increase. We want to work with treatments that can be helpful but not have weight gain as a significant side effect." The researchers used the Mayo Clinic Bipolar Biobank, a collaborative effort by Mayo Clinic, the Lindner Center of HOPE, University of Minnesota and Mayo Clinic Health System. More research is planned to see whether there is a genetic link to binge eating disorder in bipolar disease. "Patients with bipolar disorder and binge eating disorder appear to represent a more severely ill population of bipolar patients. Identification of this subgroup of patients will help determine the underlying causes of bipolar disorder and lead to more effective and personalized treatments," says co-author Susan McElroy, M.D., chief research officer at the Lindner Center of HOPE.
Jason Bonham talks Zeppelin Many kids dream of following in their fathers's footsteps, but for 41-year-old Jason Bonham, the imagery is more literal than figurative. His late dad, John "Bonzo" Bonham, is generally regarded as the ultimate drummer for the world's ultimate rock band, Led Zeppelin. And last year, Jason had a unique opportunity to step in for Bonzo when Zeppelin performed their rapturous reunion at London's O2 Arena. "It was like the penalty shoot-out at the World Cup, but you're taking everyone one,"Bonham tells the Musician's Union Musician magazine. "I had to shoot 16 times and get the goal every time." Despite weeks of meticulous rehearsals (and a lifetime of envisioning such a show) Jason admits that his nerves were shot just before hitting the stage. "We all arrived separately and didn't communicate with each other until ten minutes before we went on. At that point I don't know what I was feeling. I was breathing deeply trying to keep calm. I knew I could do the gig, but could I do it when it counted?" Fans and critics alike praised Jason's enthusiastically reverent interpretations of his old man's moves. For the younger Bonham, the notices have been welcome, although they are "too much to comprehend, really. A friend said, 'Keep your feet on the ground. You don't believe them when you're crap, so why believe them when they say you're great?' What pleased me was that, in certain reviews, everything I attempted they picked up on. Like the tempos. I was anal about keeping them back to more like the albums. One review said, 'Jason had this funk element,' and I was like, 'yes, they get it. Dad was a funk drummer.'" Jason calls the O2 performance "the test," but unlike most exams, he says that preparations, while earnest, were anything but laborious. "The first week, Robert wasn't there and we had a fantastic time, feeling quite cocky for when he was gonna walk in - 'Have a bit of this…bash!' Then Jimmy broke his finger and that sent me panicking - 'You know what? Maybe this isn't gonna happen after all.' Once it was rescheduled, we got the set list and ran the first three songs every day." In a set that was one sustained high, picking a favorite is a difficult task. Jason, however, has no such trouble, citing Kashmir, the closing song before the encores, as his personal best. "By then I had no nerves, just pure, brutal, 'I'm gonna really go for it.' I'm glad I wasn't afraid because sometimes all those things you wanted to do, you bottle it. So I just went for it with all these big crossing-over time-fills." From the moment Zeppelin left the O2 stage, one question has dogged the band: When are you doing it again? Jason has confirmed his desire to take part in a tour or other one-off shows, and he sees the absence of an O2 DVD as a good omen. "I said to myself, 'If they release it straight away then that's the end because it takes away the mystique.' It's hard to be in this situation where it was so good and now I'm left in limbo about what's going to happen next. I managed to pull Excalibur out of the stone and, for a short period, I carried the sword but then I was told. 'No, no, put it back in the stone now.'" Still, if nothing more happens, Jason feels at peace, both with the past and present. "I'm happy with what happened and, if I ask for more, it's me being greedy. There's a sense of accomplishment that Dad has remained my hero, my mentor throughout the last 27 years, and I still used him as my main focus to be able to do the gig. So it's hats off to him - look what you did now, Dad."
|*RiRi's Lover *|’s Blog Sat, Feb 16, 2013 at 4:11 PM Well i know ive been out for a whilee but im backk so juss hit me up . Fri, Aug 31, 2012 at 9:55 PM [Eminem] Hey yo dawg I got some shit on my motherfuckin chest that I need to get off cause, if I don't I'ma fuckin explode, or somethin Now look - this is a story about some little fuckin girls that I know It goes like this.. It's so easy for me to make enemies any more it's sickening People are lookin for an excuse to jump on my shitlist Stickin their noses in shit that... Wed, May 16, 2012 at 2:56 PM hey dhys RiRi hackin my baby page dedicatin a song to my boo!!!!!! #i love yuhh babe enjoy www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2ucars4MdQ A tornado flew around my room before you came Excuse the mess it made, it usually doesn't rain In Southern California, much like Arizona My eyes don't shed tears, but, boy, they bawl When I'm thinkin' 'bout you (Ooh, no, no, no) I've been... Wed, May 16, 2012 at 12:00 PM MAY 17, ITS BEEN A MONTH SINCE MEHH && LIL MAMA BEEN 2GETHER!!!! #1ST MNTH && COUNTING FOR MANY MORE C3333333!!!!! #LOLSS DHYS RiRi HACKIN HA PAGE BY THE WAY Wed, May 16, 2012 at 11:58 AM LOLSS WATS UP YALL_DHYS IS #teamRiRi hackin my boos page lolss!! wahnt her to know i love her && we guhhna behh ok!!!!! #boo_thang Wed, May 16, 2012 at 8:59 AM I know we aint got no strings attached, But this could be a perfect match! And girl, we ain't no cuddie buddies Cause this is way more than that ! You're my boo thang, Can't get enough, I love yo stuff ! Let's turn it up, you get what you want Cause you're my boo thang And when your friends ask, I'm not ya man just the closest thing that you have! To a boo thang, boo thang, Boo thang,... Wed, Apr 18, 2012 at 11:54 AM give me my tool pictures Wed, Apr 18, 2012 at 11:03 AM a href http www sweetim com s asp im gen lpver 3 ref 11 tar pictures the pictures Wed, Apr 18, 2012 at 10:55 AM nicki minaj pictures nicki minaj pictures nicki minaj as a baby pictures Wed, Apr 18, 2012 at 10:14 AM Yes that is my down ass chick she ain't gotta work no mo [x2] [Chorus:] Flocka! she my shawty she gone hold my 40 she my icy girl livin in a priceless World she can do wat my home boys can't do that's My lady you can call ha my boo boo Well dese niggas is fakin I'm ready to take yo shoes, yo clothes and even yo Cake, Lay on the ground n don't make a sound fuk with g red you...
Paper Mate Flair Pen Felt Tip, Black Barrel, Black Ink, 1 Dozen Item #: PAP8430152 0.24 LBS / DZ - Felt-tip pen provides bold vivid lines with the reinforced Point Guard tip which prevents tip spread. - Features bold vivid ink colors and a contoured barrel grip. - Flair has Acid free, fast drying ink that will not bleed through paper. Part Numbers: PAP8430152, 8430152
Esther Rantzen has come in a disappointing fourth place in Luton South, receiving only 4.4 per cent of votes.Ms Rantzen has reportedly lost her election deposit after failing to poll enough votes. Ms Rantzen said that it was “amazing” so many people voted for her but that she was “saddened and surprised” that the BNP received 1,299 votes and a 3.1 per cent share. She said: “I have regarded Luton as a community with diverse elements living alongside each other so I was saddened and surprised when I saw the BNP votes. I was worried at one stage when I thought I might have been beaten by the BNP which would have been grim.” She said that she had spent more than £10,000 on her campaign but that it was a “lavish 70th birthday present” for herself.“I’ve really enjoyed the year,” she said. “Luton will have a very special place in my heart. Gavin Shuker held on to the seat for Labour with a 34.9 per cent share of the vote, despite outrage after incumbent Labour MP Margaret Moran’s expenses claim for dry rot in her second home were revealed last year. Ms Rantzen, 69, the former host of That's Life! and founder of ChildLine, stood as an independent candidate among 11 other candidates, the highest number standing for one constituency. She received 1,872 votes, well behind the Liberal Democrats, Qurban Hussain (9,567 votes), Conservative Nigel Huddleston (12,396 votes) and Mr Shuker (14,725 votes) but ranked above the BNP, UKIP, Green, Workers Revolutionary Party and four other independents. A total of 42,216 people voted, an 11 per cent increase on the 2005 election. Meanwhile, in Luton North, Jewish Conservative candidate Jeremy Brier lost out to Labour’s Kelvin Hopkins, MP since 1997, who won with a majority of 7,520 votes. Mr Brier, a 30-year-old barrister, received 13,672 votes and a 31.8 per cent share to Mr Hopkins’ 21,192 votes and 49.3 per cent share. Lib Dems came in third with UKIP, BNP and Green candidates trailing behind. The 2015 United Kingdom General Election will take place on 7 May 2015 To make a difference and to make your vote count you must be registered
One very scary night I was wondering outside of a coffee shop. I found a very warm spot so I settled in to take a quick nap. Next thing I knew there was a very loud noise and lots of rattling. I was very scared and did not want to move from where I was. Finally everything stopped and when I calmed down I tried to move. Lots of ouchies, mysterious humans and some time later I was in a place called a V-E-T. Some guy was taking pictures of my insides and poking me with things called needles. I didn't mind, I'm not scared. Thanks to a very nice lady, I got all fixed up and she even found me a forever home with my Mommy! She gave me a warm place and a second chance at the pampered life I deserve.
Working in the press office of the dOCUMENTA (13) in Kassel, Germany, I have been confronted with media representatives from all over the world in all matter of sorts. Their attitudes have varied from excited enthusiasm during the preview days to defeated exhaustion after hours and miles of contemporary art navigation. It must be said, these nearly 3,000 journalists are troopers. They often come misdirected with maps and muddy shoes having traversed the city in attempts to see the of art dOCUMENTA (13) in a short amount of time. They often come asking for tips. I am asked what to see when one only has two days or two hours, how best to route one’s way through the exhibitions, or most interestingly common, has been the question of where to go to ascertain a good mood. Director Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev gave the dOCUMENTA (13) the theme of “Collapse and Recovery,” and the truth is, it’s an exhausting one to take in. While many of the exhibits are inspiring in their existential explorations, let’s face it: contemporary art can be depressing. When facing topics of mankind’s disconnectedness, ego and destruction, war and terror, human suffering and loss, we can find ourselves feeling defeated. Along with recommendations for gelato and bratwurst, I have been suggesting a walk through Karlsaue Park. A sprawling expanse of lush green parted by still canals and tranquil streams, ornamented with classical temples and picturesque bridges, the Karlsaue was originally intended as a pleasure garden. The 16th century park extends for 17 miles and for the 100 days of dOCUMENTA (13), it is a main venue for the exhibitions. Artists have created public sculptures, gardens, sound installations, and interactive mixed media works. As it is described in the guidebook, the park is home to: “a number of detached small houses containing artistic projects, the Grimm brothers’ tales, aesthetics, and politics, and how to be together separately.” While the subject matter addressed in the works of Karlsaue is not always breezy, it focuses perhaps on the “Recovery” aspect of Christov Bakargiev’s theme, and the environment is breathtaking. One might begin a Karlsaue tour at the baroque Orangerie, to view the work of Jeronimo Voss, Eternity through the Stars. Voss’ installation is composed of two parts, one at the planetarium and one in the Cabinet of Astronomy and Physics of the Orangerie. The artist works with light, projection, image, and text in dealing with astronomical processes to document history. From the steps of the Orangerie, one looks onto a green expanse of park and is confronted with the work of Italian artist Massimo Bartolini as well Chinese artist Song Dong’s hard-to-miss creation. Bartolini’s Untitled (Wave), is a minimalist construction of stainless steel, engine, water, and barley: a rectangular pond of water in constant wave-like motion. Bartolini is known for his interest in combining organic with man-made materials, bringing the viewer to observe mechanical constructions in natural environments. Song Dong has also added to the visual landscape of the park with his Doing Nothing Garden, which essentially is an accumulation of organic material and rubble: waste. Aside from being a 20 feet tall mound surrounded by red tubing and dotted by neon Chinese characters that read, “Doing” and “Nothing,” the project fits in with the natural environment. Growing native grasses and flowers, the garden is integrated; it is a thriving organism and it is an artificial landscape, beckoning the question- can doing nothing lead to creating something? As a recommendation for maneuvering the park’s exhibits, I would urge visitors to regard their maps as an afterthought. Much more intriguing (and perhaps appropriate to Christov-Bakargiev’s concept of “non-concept”), is serendipitously happening upon artwork in Karlsaue. Rather than plotting an exact course, how evocative to stumble upon the sound installation, Forest (for a thousand years) of Janet Cardiff and George Bures Miller in a clearing in the woods or to come across Julieta Aranda and Anton Vidokle’s Time/Bank in a small wooden house, a bank that stores and exchanges time as a form of currency. On the journey, the visitor may find themselves traversing time and place through encounters with a tent of “women of the Western Sahara” as they cook couscous and make tea, the project of American artist Robin Kahn. Along the way, walking across Christian Philipp Müller’s floating garden one may pick and taste swiss chard on a canal in platoons from the 1950’s. The 52 Karlsaue exhibitions relate to and use their environment, making for an experience in which qualities of art and site are indistinguishable. The combination of natural sound and light in the park with created audio and visual projections, organic matter with mediated material, is fantastic. The exhibitions outside of the park, located in venues such the Neue Galerie, the Friedericianum, and the Documenta Halle, are not to be missed. Performances are taking place throughout the 100 days in various locations throughout Kassel; from morning until night there will never be a shortage of art to be seen. While it is true that contemporary art is not always a walk in the park, dOCUMENTA (13) is equipped with the perfect balancing venue for a break and sensual encounter in its Karlsaue.
Most Active Stories Brown V. Board of Education Mon June 9, 2014 What Desegregation Was Like In Miami Brown v. Board of Education — the Supreme Court decision declaring segregated schools were inherently unequal — turns 60 years old this year. Earlier this week, we brought you memories from students and teachers who were there in the early days of desegregation. And now, with decades of perspective, here are some of the things they learned from integration: "You don't get black or white from kids" In 1963, Mamie Pinder was a first-time classroom teacher in the previously all-white Allapattah Elementary School. She taught fourth grade. Eventually, Pinder went on to be the first black woman to run for mayor of Miami. “One day I spent the time asking each of my kids — who were black and white now — ‘What color are you? What color are you?’ You get pink, brown, blue. Any color. You don’t get black or white from kids. The kids are taught — it’s a true saying — in the home. Home is the first school of education. What that child is taught in the home is what that child brings into the world. And then once you bring it into the world, that kid has to make a decision what part of the world they want.” "Kids today don't understand the struggle" Today, Retha Boone-Fye is the executive director of Miami-Dade's Black Affairs Advisory Board. A Miami native, she grew up in Liberty City and graduated from Miami Jackson Senior High in 1968. When she started eighth grade at Miami Jackson, she was one of just a couple dozen black students. “The legacy was supposed to be equal educational opportunity. But unfortunately that has not happened, because you still have poor people who have poor schools. You still have issues where equal education is not across the board. I wish that it were so. We may be getting better. But that, to me, the legacy has not been borne out. I’m a pessimist from the standpoint of I think that we could do better. But I’m an optimist in the hopes that we will. The kids today don’t quite understand the struggle their parents had to go through. And I think that’s a good and a bad thing. The good part about is that they don’t have that background to hold them back. The bad part is they don’t remember to appreciate it in the end. Maybe that’s good and bad.” "It was a rainbow of faces" Ellen Elias teaches Brown v. Board of Education in her AP government class at Dr. Michael Krop Senior High. In 1971 she had black classmates for the first time when she started attending JFK Junior High. “I think part of it made me into the kind of person I am in terms of how I treat other people — also certainly how I parent my child. She went to JFK Middle School. Instead of sticking with the little Highland Oaks crowd, she went to school with almost all black kids. And at her Bat Mitzvah, it was a rainbow of faces. I think that’s kind of cool that she’s much more exposed to people who are different from her. When I [teach] the Supreme Court cases, each student presents a different case. We talk about the impacts of those cases and then we look around the room and we’re like, ‘you wouldn’t be here if Brown v. Board of Education hadn’t passed.’ There’s another case — Title IX, women in sports — and I have amazing female athletes in my classes. So we always look at the impact. And the students are very aware of whose shoulders they’re standing on.” You can hear these Floridians talking about what it was like to integrate. Note to listeners: this story contains strong language. Brown v. Board of Education
Crossover dribble - a dribble in which the ball is moved from one hand to the other while the dribbler changes directions. Crossover dribbling - when a ball handler dribbles the ball across his body from one hand to the other. Cut - a quick movement by an offensive player to elude an opponent or to receive the ball. Cylinder - the imaginary area directly above the basket where goaltending or basket interference can occur. Dead ball - any ball that is not live; occurs after each successful field goal or free-throw attempt, after any official's whistle or if the ball leaves the court; it stops play, which is then resumed by a jump ball, throw-in or free throw. Dead ball - occurs whenever the whistle blows to stop play and after a field goal, but before the opponent gains possession of the ball. Defense - the act of preventing the offense from scoring; the team without the ball. The team not in possession of the ball whose objective is to keep the opponent from scoring; also a specific pattern of play used by a defending team. Defensive rebound - a rebound of an opponent's missed shot. Double dribble - a violation that occurs when a player dribbles the ball with two hands simultaneously or stops dribbling and then dribbles again. Double team - a defensive play where two defenders guard one player, and when two teammates join efforts in guarding a single opponent. Down Court or down the court - the direction a team on offense moves, from its backcourt into its frontcourt and towards its own basket. Draft - the method by which NBA teams annually select college or foreign players to their teams, designed to promote balanced competition in the NBA. Dream team - the name given by the media to the U.S. basketball team that won the gold medal at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics; it was the first time non-amateurs were permitted to represent the country; the members of this team were Charles Barkley, Larry Bird, Clyde Drexler, Patrick Ewing, Magic Johnson, Michael Jordan, Christian Laettner, Karl Malone, Chris Mullin, Scottie Pippen, David Robinson and John Stockton. In the 1996 Olympics, the U.S. team was called Dream Team 2 and in 2000, Dream Team 3. Dribble - process by which a player repeatedly bounces the ball off the floor so that it returns to his/her possession. It is the only legal means by which a player may move the ball across the court. Dribble series - a number of consecutive dribbles which end when a player allows the ball to rest in one or both hands; a player is only permitted one dribble series before he must pass or shoot. Dribbling - when a player repeatedly pushes, pats, taps or bats the ball toward the floor with one hand to cause the ball to bounce back up to either of his hands; used to advance the ball or keep control of it. Drive - a quick dribble directly to the basket in an effort to score. Drive to the basket - to move rapidly toward the basket with the ball. Dunk - when a player close to the basket jumps and strongly throws the ball down into it; an athletic, creative shot used to intimidate opponents. Elbow - also called the “junction;” a term often used to indicate the area of the court where the free-throw line and side of the key meet. Elbowing - it is a violation if a player vigorously or excessively swings his elbows, even if there is no contact; it is a foul if contact is made and an automatic ejection if that contact is above shoulder level. End line - the boundary line behind each basket; also called the baseline. Established position - when a defensive player has both feet firmly planted on the floor before an offensive player's head and shoulder get past him; the offensive player who runs into such a defender is charging. Established position - when a defensive player has both feet firmly planted on the floor before an offensive player's head and shoulder get past him; the offensive player who runs into such a defender is charging. Fake or feint - a deceptive move to throw a defender off balance and allow an offensive player to shoot or receive a pass; players use their eyes, head or any other part of the body to trick an opponent. Fast break - also called the run-and-shoot offense, it begins with a defensive rebound by a player who immediately sends an outlet pass toward midcourt to his waiting teammates; these teammates can sprint to their basket and quickly shoot before enough opponents catch up to stop them. Fast-Break Attack - an offensive strategy in which a team attempts to move the ball up court and into scoring position as quickly as possible so that the defense is outnumbered and does not have time to set up. Field goal - a basket scored on a shot, except for a free throw, worth two or three points depending on the distance of the attempt from the basket. Final four - the 4 regional champions (west, east, Midwest and southeast) remaining from the 64 college teams that compete in the annual NCAA tournament; they play one another to determine the national champion. Finals, NBA - the annual championship series of the NBA's post-season. Flagrant foul - unnecessary or excessive contact against an opponent. Floor - the area of the court within the end lines and sidelines. Floor violation - a player's action that violates the rules but does not prevent an opponent's movement or cause him harm; penalized by a change in possession. Forward - an offensive position played to the sides of the basket near the key area and out toward the sideline along the baseline. Forwards - the two players on the court for a team who are usually smaller than the center and bigger than the guards; often a team's highest scorers. Foul - a violation resulting from illegal contact with an opposing player. Foul lane - the painted area 19' x 16' (12' in college) bordered by the end line and the foul line, outside which players must stand during a free-throw; also the area an offensive player cannot spend more than 3-seconds at a time in. Foul line - the line 15' from the backboard and parallel to the end line from which players shoot free throws. Foul shot - an unguarded shot taken from behind the free-throw line after a foul. If successful, the shot counts one point. Fouls - actions by players, which break the rules but are not floor violations; penalized by a change in possession or free throw opportunities; see personal foul or technical foul. Four-point play - a three-point shot followed by a successful free throw. Franchise - a professional team. Franchise player - a star player around which a franchise is built. Free Agent, restricted - an NBA player whose contract has expired and who has received a "qualifying offer" from his current club, which provides a salary level predetermined by the collective bargaining agreement. While this player is free to negotiate an offer from a new team, his current team has a right of first refusal to match that offer, thereby obligating him to remain with his current team. Free Agent, unrestricted - a player who has completed his 3rd NBA season (or 4th season, if his current team exercised its "option" to have him play for a 4th year) and is free to negotiate a contract with other NBA teams without his current team having a right of first refusal. Free throw - an unguarded shot taken from behind the free-throw line after a foul. If successful, the shot counts one point. Free-throw lane - also called the “key” or “lane;” a 12-foot wide area extending from the baseline to the free-throw line. Players may not be in this area during a free-throw attempt. Free-throw line - a 12-foot-long line that is parallel to and 15 feet from the backboard. Free-throw line extended - an imaginary line drawn from the free-throw line to the sideline to determine the location for certain throw-ins. Frontcourt - the area between the midcourt line and the end line closest to the offense's basket.Frontcourt Fullcourt press - a defensive tactic in which a team guards the opponents closely the full length of the court. Full-Court pressing - when defenders start guarding the offense in the backcourt. Game clock - shows how much time remains in each of the four 12-minute quarters of an NBA game or two 20-minute halves of a college game. Guard - an offensive position played primarily at the perimeter, or away from the basket. Guarding - the act of following an opponent around the court to prevent him from getting close to the basket, taking an open shot or making easy an pass, while avoiding illegal contact. Guards - the two players on each team who are the smallest on the court; they usually handle setting up plays and passing to teammates closer to the basket. Half-court or set offense - when a team takes the time to develop a play in its frontcourt, such as the give-and-go or a screening play; opposite of fast break. Held ball - formerly called a “jump ball.” When two players on opposite teams are in joint control of the ball. High percentage shot - a shot that is likely to go in the basket, such as a lay-up. High post - an imaginary area outside either side of the foul lane at the free-throw line extended. In the paint - being in the foul lane area which is painted a different color. In the power zone - in the “key” area, so named because this area of the floor is painted. Inbounds - the area within the end lines and sidelines of the court; also the act of bringing the ball into this area by means of a throw-in. Incidental contact - minor contact usually overlooked by officials. Inside shooting - shots taken by a player near or under the basket. Intentional foul - a personal foul that the official judges to be premeditated. Jump ball - 2 opposing players jump for a ball an official tosses above and between them, to tap it to their teammates and gain possession; used to start the game (tip-off) and all overtime periods, and sometimes to restart play. Jump shot - a shot that is released after the shooter has jumped into the air. Jump Tip-Off - the procedure for starting play at the beginning of a game or an overtime period. The official tosses the ball into the air between the two opponents positioned at the center-court circle; the two players jump up and try to tap the ball to a teammate. Keep away game - a tactic used by the team that is leading near the end of the game to keep the ball from its opponents to prevent them from scoring while using up time off the game clock; also called freezing. Key - also called the “free-throw lane” or “lane;” the area measuring 12 feet in width and extending from the free-throw line to the end line. Also referred to as “the paint.” Key or keyhole - the area at each end of the court consisting of the foul circle, foul lane and free-throw line; named for the shape it had years ago. Lay up - a shot taken close to the basket that is usually banked off the backboard towards the basket. Lay-up or layin - a shot taken after driving to the basket by leaping up under the basket and using one hand to drop the ball directly into the basket (layin) or to bank the ball off the backboard into it (lay-up). Leading the receiver: when a passer throws the ball where he thinks a receiver is headed. Live ball - as soon as a ball is given to a free-throw shooter or a thrower on a throw-in, it is live, but the game clock does not restart until the ball is alive. Loose ball - a ball that is alive but not in the possession of either team. Low post - an imaginary area outside either side of the foul lane close to the basket. Lower percentage shot - a shot that is less likely to go in the basket, such as one thrown by a player who is off balance or outside his shooting range. Man defense - the defensive style where each defensive player is responsible for guarding one opponent. Man-to-man defense - when a defender is assigned to a specific player and defends only against that player. March madness - an annual competition between 64 college teams to crown a national champion; also called march madness because the three-week-long event is held during march; see also Final Four. Match-ups - any pairing of players on opposing teams who guard each other. MVP (Most Valuable Player) - an award recognizing the NBA player who contributed most to the regular season or to the finals. NBA (national basketball association) - a professional league created in 1949 that now has 27 teams in the U.S. and is adding 2 Canadian teams in 1995. NCAA (National Collegiate Athletic Association) - a voluntary association of over 1,200 colleges and universities in the U.S. whose role is to establish standards and protect the integrity of amateurism for student-athletes. NCAA Tournament - an annual competition between 64 college teams to crown a national champion; also called march madness because the three-week-long event is held during march; see also Final Four. NIT (National Invitational Tournament) - the oldest college tournament, in which 32 teams not selected to the NCAA tournament compete each year. Off the Dribble - a shot taken while driving to the basket. Offense - the team that has possession of the basketball. Also, a designed play that a team uses to attempt to score. Offensive possession - the team with possession of the ball. Offensive rebound - a rebound of a team's own missed shot. Officials - the crew chief, referee and umpire who control the game, stop and start play, and impose penalties for violations and fouls. One-and-one - the “bonus” free-throw situation awarded for non-shooting fouls after the opposing team exceeds a certain number of team fouls in a half. The person fouled shoots one free throw; if successful, the shooter takes a second shot. One-and-One or One-plus-One - in college, a free-throw attempt awarded for certain violations that earns the shooter a 2nd attempt only if the first is successful. Open - when a player is unguarded by a defender. Out of bounds - the area outside of and including the end lines and sidelines. Outside shooting - shots taken from the perimeter. Over the limit - when a team commits five more team fouls per NBA period (four each overtime); eight more per WNBA half; seven or more per half in college; this team is also said to be in the penalty. Over-and-back violation - a violation that occurs when the offensive team returns the ball into the backcourt once it has positioned itself in the frontcourt. Overhead pass - a two-handed pass thrown from above the forehead. Overtime - an extra period played to break a tie score at the end of a regulation game. Overtime or OT - the extra period played after a regulation game ends tied. Palming - a violation committed by a dribbler that involves placing the dribbling hand under the ball and momentarily holding or carrying it while dribbling. Pass - an intentional throw to a teammate. Passer - the player who passes the ball to a teammate. Passing - when a passer throws the ball to a teammate; used to start plays, move the ball down-court, keep it away from defenders and get it to a shooter. Perimeter - the area beyond the foul circle away from the basket, including three-point line, from which players take long-range shots. Period - any quarter, half or overtime segment. Personal foul - contact between players that may result in injury or provide one team with an unfair advantage; players may not push, hold, trip, hack, elbow, restrain or charge into an opponent; these are also counted as team fouls. Picked off - refers to a defender who has been successfully prevented from reaching the ball handler by an offensive screen. Pick-up games - impromptu games played among players who just met. Pivot - a Center; also the foot that must remain touching the floor until a ball handler who has stopped dribbling is ready to pass or shoot. Pivot - a footwork technique in which a player keeps one foot in contact with a “spot” on the floor while moving the other foot to adjust the position of the body or to evade a defensive player. Player-to-player defense - also “man-to-man defense;” a team defense in which each player is assigned to guard a particular opponent. Playmaker - the point guard who generally sets up plays for his teammates. Point guard - an offensive position played by a guard who usually brings the ball up the court and initiates the offense. Point spread - a device established by bookmakers to equalize two teams for betting purposes; e.g., if a team is considered to be four points better than another, the spread is four points; to win a bet on the favorite, that team would need to win by more than the spread (in this case, by more than four points); the margin of victory can be more important than whether a team wins or loses. Point-shaving - an illegal practice where players intentionally win a game, but by fewer points than the point spread; led to two major college scandals (involved thirty-two of the biggest stars in the 1950s, then twenty-two colleges in 1961). Possession - to be holding or in control of the ball. Possession arrow - in college, used to determine which team's turn it is to inbounds the ball to begin a period or in a jump ball situation. Post -an offensive position played close to the basket along the key. Post position - the position of a player standing in the low post or high post. Press - an aggressive defense that attempts to force the opponents to make errors by guarding them closely from either half court, three-quarter court or full court. Quadruple double - a triple double with double-digits scored in four categories. Rebound - the act of gaining possession of the ball after a missed shot. Rebounding - when a player grabs a ball that is coming off the rim or backboard after a shot attempt; see offensive rebound and defensive rebound. Receiver - the player who receives a pass from the ball handler. Regulation game - four twelve minute quarters in the NBA or two twenty minute halves in college; a game that ends without overtime periods. Release - the moment that the ball leaves a shooter's hands. Rookie - a player in his first NBA season. Roster - the list of players on a team. Run - occurs when one team scores several field goals in quick succession while its opponents score few or none. Salary cap - an annual dollar limit that a single team may pay all its players. Scoring opportunity - when a player gets open for a shot that is likely to score. Screen or screener - the offensive player who stands between a teammate and a defender to gives his teammate the chance to take an open shot. Scrimmage - an unofficial game between two teams, or five-on-five play between team members in a practice situation. Shooter - a player who takes a shot at the basket. Shooter's roll - the ability to get even an inaccurate shot to bounce lightly off the rim and into the basket. Shooting range - the distance from which a player is likely to make his shots. Shot clock - a clock that limits the time a team with the ball has to shoot it; twenty-four seconds in the NBA; in college, thirty-five seconds for men, thirty seconds for women. Sidelines - two boundary lines that run the length of the court. Sixth man - the best substitute on a team; usually the first player to come off the bench to replace a starter. Slam dunk - when a player close to the basket jumps and strongly throws the ball down into it; an athletic, creative shot used to intimidate opponents. Squaring up - when a player's shoulders are facing the basket as he releases the ball for a shot; considered good shooting position. Starting lineup - the five starters who begin a game; usually a team's best players. Substitute - a player who comes into the game to replace a player on the court. Swing man - a player who can play both the guard and forward positions. Team fouls - each personal foul committed by a player is also counted against his team; when a team goes over the limit, its opponent is awarded free-throw opportunities. Technical foul - a foul that does not involve contact with an opponent; a foul that involves unsportsmanlike-like conduct by a player, coach or non-player; or a contact foul committed by a player while the ball is dead. Technical fouls - procedural violations and misconduct that officials believe are detrimental to the game; penalized by a single free-throw opportunity to the non-offending team (two free throws and possession in college). Ten-second line - the mid-court line over which the offensive team must advance the ball from the backcourt within ten seconds to avoid a violation. Three seconds - a violation in which an offensive player remains within the key for more than 3 seconds at a time. Three-on-Three - a game played with only three players on the court for each team. Three-on-two - a common fast-break situation in which 3 offensive players attempt to score on 2 defenders. Three-point field goal - a made basket from more than nineteen feet and nine inches during a high school or college game. Three-point play - a two-point field goal followed by a successful free throw. Three-point shot - a field goal worth three points because the shooter had both feet on the floor behind the three-point line when he released the ball; also counts if one foot is behind the line while the other is in the air. Throw-in - the method by which a team with possession inbounds the ball. Timeout - when play is suspended by an official or at the request of a team to respond to an injured player or discuss strategy; there are full timeouts (100 or 60 seconds in NBA, 120 seconds in WNBA, 75 or 60 seconds in college) and 20-second timeouts (30 seconds in college). Tip-off - the initial jump ball that starts the game. Transition - the shift from offense to defense. Traveling - a floor violation when the ball handler takes too many steps without dribbling; also called walking. Traveling violation – occurs when a player with the ball takes a step without dribbling (moving the established pivot foot). Triple double - when a player scores double-digits in three categories during one game (points, assists and rebounds are most common, but it can also be blocks or steals); a sign of great versatility. Turnover - a loss of possession of the ball by means of an error or violation. Turnovers - when the offense loses possession through its own fault by passing the ball out of bounds or committing a floor violation. Upset - when a higher-seeded team loses to a lower-seeded one. Violation - an infringement of the rules that is not a foul. The penalty for a violation is the awarding of the ball to the opponent. Weak side - the side of the court away from the ball. Zone defense - a defense where each defender is responsible for an area of the court and must guard any player who enters that area; compare with man-to-man defense. Zone defenses - a team defense in which each player is responsible for defending an area of the court and the opponents within that area. Zone offense - an offensive pattern of play designed to beat a particular zone defense.
Target Coupons & Promo Codes Get more and spend less with Target coupon codes and special offers!From clothing by brand-name designers to affordable kitchen appliances and more, Target offers something for everyone – even if you’re simply crossing off items from your everyday household shopping list. To make life just a little bit simpler Coupons.com is here to bring you the latest Target promotions. Whether you’re using the coupons for gifts or general household items you’ll find yourself saving some coin, so you can treat yourself to something special. Bookmark this page or sign up for our newsletter to be notified when Target offers are added. Read more to pick up valuable money-saving shopping tips and find the latest offers from Target. About TargetFounded in 1902 and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota Target is the third largest discount retailer in America. With a wide variety of high quality products featured throughout their various departments, Target's mission is to deliver outstanding value and continuous innovation for less. From clothing products styled by top designers to all essentials for your life and home, Target is dedicated to providing an exceptional guest experience, both in store and online. The 1,916 stores located throughout the United States carry brand name items in diverse categories from consumer electronics to baby toys, groceries and more. Target has an ongoing commitment to great prices and stylish innovations, with their brand promise to help you expect more and pay less. How to Use Target CouponsTarget issues new coupon codes on a weekly basis for specific brands and departments within the store. Some departments include clothes, home decor and furnishings, electronics, furniture, sports, toys, groceries and more. Because Target coupon codes are updated weekly the advantage is on your side to score discounts in a number of different departments. Whether you’re saving $5 on a purchase of $25 or more or scoring 60% on clearance items in your shopping cart, some green is definitely going back in your pocket! Once you find a specific Target coupon that applies to your needs, simply enter the code in the field near the bottom of the payment page during checkout. This is where the magic happens. After you enter the coupon code, click the “apply” button disguised as a fairy stuffing money back into your wallet…not bad right? If you’re interested in saving even more on your purchase, Target does allow you to add multiple coupon codes at checkout. So, stack up on savings and be sure to use Coupons.com to find as many Target promotional offers as you can on the products you love! How to Save at TargetInterested in seeing more of those designer brand items for less? If so, we can help! You have the option to save in multiple ways at Target by using the “Ways to Save” section on the site. If you’re shopping on a budget or just looking for the greatest deals, you can always find a huge selection of products at already marked down prices in the clearance section of the Target site. If you have a Target credit card (called a REDcard) you’ll save an additional 5% off most purchases. To keep up to date on all Target deals and coupon codes, sign up to receive all of our exclusive offers. Talk about savings! Target Free Shipping PolicyWhat’s the convenience of shopping online if you have to fork over absurd fees for shipping and handling? By becoming a Target REDcard holder, you can qualify for free shipping and the daily deals featured on the site. If you don’t happen to hold a REDcard, stay tuned for free shipping offers shown on Coupons.com. Just keep your eyes peeled so you can get the best deals online from the comfort of your home. Free $25 Gift Card When You Spend $75+ on Clothes, Shoes & Accessories for the Family Easter Sale - BOGO 50% Off Video Games Includes over 100 video game titles from PS4, PS3, Xbox One, Nintendo Wii U, and more! Free Shipping on $25+ Save Up to 60% Off Clearance Items Save 15% Off $75+ Plus an Extra 10% Off Home Items Free $5 Gift Card When You Spend $25+ on Easter Huge Savings with Target.com Daily Deals Plus Free Shipping. Free Shipping on $50+ Select Baby Products Look for "SPEND $50, GET FREE SHIPPING" Tag for Eligible Items. Free Shipping on $50+ Select Home Decor Items See "SPEND $50, GET FREE SHIPPING " Tag for Eligible Items. Buy One, Get One 50% Off Women's Swom Easter Blow Out Sale - Save 30% Off Gardening & Decor Save Up to 20% Off KitchenAid Appliances Save $10 Off Select Paper Products Shop & Save on Household Essentials Help Donate to Schools Through Give With Target Save 20% Off Girl's Shoes Save 25% Off Men's Accessories Save 20% Off Dyson Vacuums & Attachments Free Shipping on $50+ on NFL Apparel Interstellar - 2-Disc Blu-Ray + DVD + Digital Copy Black & Decker Hand Vacuum Shop Patio & Garden Deals Toddler Girl's S Sport Easter Sale - Free $5 Giftcard w/ $25 on Easter Accessories L-Shaped Glass Corner Computer Desk Code"MADNESS" + Free Shipping Save an Extra 10% Off Select Home Items Save Up to 20% Off + Gift Cards on Kitchen Items Save 15% off $75+ on Furniture & Decor Save Up to 20% Off Outdoor Furniture & More Free $20 Gift Card When You Spend $125+ on Baby Gear, Essentials & More Buy One, Get One 50% Off Accessories Buy One, Get One 50% Off Clothing for the Whole Family Buy One, Get One 50% Off Kids Clothing + Extra 10% Off Dressy Kids' Clothes Save Up to 20% Off Kids' Home Sale Buy One, Get One 50% Off Women's Sandals Save 30% Off Top Toy Brands Philips Sonicare HealthyWhite Electric Toothbrush LEGO Elsa’s Sparkling Ice Castle Skywalker Kids Trampoline Round Jump-N-Toss
Estes Park, CO, May 6, 2014- Results Physical Therapy of Estes, LLC owned by long-time Estes Park resident Iolanthe “IO” Culjak, PT, CEAS, began accepting new patients on May 5, 2014. “I have spent many years working for other companies here in Estes Park and in the front range. It was time to work for myself. Though Results Physical Therapy of Estes, LLC is a new business, many people in the Estes community have trusted me with their physical therapy care over the years. I am the same Physical Therapist just located in a new office,” says Culjak. Culjak has been a physical therapist for over 18 years. She has continuing education in manual therapy, sports injuries, running kinematics, and geriatric specific exercise. She has been a Certified Ergonomics Assessment Specialist since 2005, teaching ergonomics and wellness to area businesses. Results Physical Therapy of Estes, LLC specializes in sports injuries, SI joint and spine pathologies, orthopedic injuries, post-op rehab, and work related injuries. “Due to the nature of our small community we see all types of diagnosis and a diverse age range of patient,” says Culjak. Results Physical Therapy of Estes, LLC, is currently an in-network provider with Cigna, multiple worker's compensation networks, and is treating Medicare patients. “Within the next month we should be in network with Anthem, United and a few other networks. Of course self pay is always an option and many times a more cost-effective option for those with no insurance or really high deductibles. Also, it is important that patients understand they have a choice as to who they want to see for their physical therapy. It is okay to ask your physician to send you to a physical therapist you know and trust,” says Culjak. Results Physical Therapy of Estes, LLC is located on the SW side of Rocky Mountain Health Club at 1230 Big Thompson Ave. The clinic has its own private entrance and office space with everything needed to treat patients. For the high level patient, Results full access to Rocky Mountain Health Club's state of the art equipment to assist in the rehab process. Results Physical Therapy of Estes, LLC can be reached by calling (970) 586-1754.
To submit information for upcoming issues or to subscribe, contact Brian Spano, communications manager, at firstname.lastname@example.org Nov. 21: KCAI is partnering with the Parkville Chamber of Commerce, Missouri Valley Impressionists Society and the Cathy Kline Art Gallery to host the annual Parkville Chamber of Commerce Plein Air Auction from 6 to 9 p.m. at the North Campus, 1801 N.W. Platte Road, Suite 275, Riverside, Mo. Nov. 21: Ross Sawyers (‘03 photography) will speak at 7 p.m. in Epperson Auditorium in Vanderslice hall on the KCAI campus as part of the college's “Current Perspectives” lecture series. Sawyers began his career as an educator teaching photography at KCAI and then at the University of Washington in Seattle and the University of California-Riverside. Nov. 22: H&R Block Artspace at KCAI hosts T.N.T (The Noon Thing), a gallery talk with “New, Four: Kanas City Art Institute Faculty Biennial” artists at noon in the Artspace Studio. KCAI will host a Patron Preview from 6 to 10 p.m. on the eve of the public opening of the end-of-semester student exhibition and sale. Partygoers will have an opportunity to tour selected studio departments; view and purchase work before the exhibition and sale opens to the public; and enjoy a progressive evening of food and drinks. Proceeds benefit the student scholarship fund. For more information, visit www.kcai.edu/PatronPreview or call 816-802-3483. Dec. 6-8: KCAI’s “End-of-semester student exhibition and sale” showcases work by students in the departments of ceramics, digital filmmaking, fiber, graphic design, illustration, painting, photography, printmaking and sculpture. Exhibition and sale hours are 5 to 7 p.m. Dec. 6, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Dec. 7 and noon to 5 p.m. Dec. 8. Through Dec. 12: “New, Four: KCAI Faculty Biennial” at the H&R Block Artspace at KCAI, 16 E. 43 St. For more information, visit www.kcai.edu/artspace Sculpture students complete project at ‘sustainable living’ demonstration home Students in a class taught by sculpture professor Karen McCoy have completed a bike rack and cistern screen at Project Living Proof, a century-old house at 917 Emanuel Cleaver II Blvd. The site is less than a mile southeast of the KCAI campus. Students enrolled this fall in McCoy’s “Toward a Green Sculpture: Artists in Conversation with the World” class worked on the project. More than 20 other students previously have been involved, dating back to 2011, McCoy said. “Unplugged” is the name of the bike rack and an installation “screen” that shields newly installed cisterns, McCoy said. She noted that Advantage Metals Recycling donated all of the metal for the project.The house is a demonstration project celebrating energy efficiency and “green” building practices. Metropolitan Energy Center owns and manages the house with assistance from Kansas City Power and Light, Missouri Gas Energy and more than 40 businesses throughout the metropolitan area. For an overview of the project, visit www.kcenergy.org/pdfs/PLP.Greenability.article_2010.10.pdf . Tours of the site are offered by appointment. To schedule an appointment, email email@example.com . For additional information, visit www.kcenergy.org/ Brianna Bosworth (senior, photography) and Casey Holden (senior, photography) have been selected to show work in the exhibition “Survey of the Plains” at the University of Kansas Art and Design Gallery. The exhibition runs through Dec. 13. Pictured: (top) Photo by Casey Holden and (bottom) photo by Briana Bosworth. Kahlil Irving (senior, ceramics and art history) has been named a finalist for the 2014 NICHE Award, sponsored by NICHE Magazine, and is also one of a few chosen undergraduates for the 2014 National Student Juried Exhibition at the National Council on Education for the Ceramic Arts conference to be held in Milwaukee in March. Pictured: “Layered Depths,” Kahlil Irving. Grand Arts is hosting this year’s Charlotte Street Foundation Visual Artist Awards Exhibition featuring the 2013 Awards Fellows: Mike Erickson (’99 painting and printmaking), Erika Lynne Hanson (‘06 fiber) and Paul Anthony Smith (’10 ceramics). All three artists will be honored during an opening reception from 6 to 9 p.m. Nov. 22 and then will participate in a gallery talk at 2 p.m. Nov. 23. The reception and gallery talk are free and open to the public. The exhibition will be on view through Feb. 1. Each of the awarded artists will exhibit works made within the past one to two years, and most of these recent works have not been seen by Kansas City audiences. (’11 sculpture and art history) and Shae Bishop (’12 ceramics and art history) are two of the six new artists-in-residence at Red Star Studios, and they will be featured in a presentation on their own artwork and projects from 5 to 6 p.m. Nov. 23 at Belger Crane Yard Studios, 2011 Tracy Ave. Attendees can learn what makes their approaches unique and how they came to Red Star. A potluck dinner follows at 6 p.m. For more information, contact studio manager Tommy Frank at firstname.lastname@example.org or call 816-474-7316. Pictured: (back, left) Lea Griggs, Noah Riedel, Studio Manager Tommy Frank, Shae Bishop, Emily Duke. (front, left) Jamie Bates Slone, Catie Miller. Local KCAI-related exhibitions Blue Gallery – Rich Bowman (’91 design) will show paintings as part of a group exhibition at Blue Gallery, 118 Southwest Blvd., running through Dec. 2. Pictured: “Greener Pastures,” Rich Bowman, oil on canvas, 64 inches by 56 inches. City Ice Arts – Gerry Trilling (’90 painting) has an exhibition “In Site,” running through Dec. 7 at City Ice Arts, 2015 Campbell St. The gallery is open noon to 5 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and Sunday through Thursday by appointment. www.cityicearts.com . Pictured: “Neon Toile,” Gerry Trilling, 2012, 48 inches by 48 inches. Leedy-Voulkos Art Center – A 25-year retrospective exhibition of paintings and drawings by Richard Mattsson, who retired this spring after teaching at KCAI for 48 years, opens with a reception from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Dec. 5 at the Leedy-Voulkos Art Center, 2012 Baltimore Ave. The gallery also will be open from 6 to 9 p.m. Dec. 6 for First Friday. The exhibition continues through Dec. 28. Pictured: “Corcoran Rainbow,” Richard Mattsson, 2010, 48 inches by 72 inches. Red Star Studios at the Belger Arts Center – Work by Paul Donnelly, assistant professor of ceramics, and Rain Harris is featured in “Confluence,” running through Dec. 28 at Red Star Studios at the Belger Arts Center, 2100 Walnut St. Pictured: “Pitcher and Tumblers,” Paul Donnelly, 2013, porcelain reduction-fired, (pitcher) 9 inches by 8 ¼ inches, (tumblers) 5 ½ inches by 3 ½ inches. Calls for artists Encore Unique Boutique in Shawnee, Kan., is offering a cash prize for a photo contest. Low-resolution digital photos should be submitted by Nov. 30 to email@example.com . If accepted, the photo must be framed or matted and ready to hang by Dec. 1 . They will be displayed throughout December at the Chez LaRue studio next door to Encore. For more information, contact Encore at firstname.lastname@example.org P&M Artworks, which is based in Prairie Village, Kan., seeks entries within the greater metropolitan Kansas City, Mo., and Lawrence, Kan., areas for its third annual juried exhibition. Works in a range of visual art media are welcome, including painting, works on paper, photography, sculpture, glass, jewelry/metal work, furniture, textiles and digital/video responding to the theme “Divine.” A variety of interpretations centered on individual meanings and reflections on the idea of “Divine” will be selected for the exhibition. The exhibition will take place in the front gallery of Leedy-Voulkos Art Center between Jan. 3 and March 1, and the deadline for submission is Dec. 2 . For more information, visit www.pm-artworks.com The Undergrads Underground Gallery at the Leedy-Voulkos Art Center and the Destination Gallery at the Student Living Center are seeking proposals for six exhibitions for March, April and May 2014. Shows are one month long, and each will have an opening reception during First Fridays. Proposals should be submitted to Erin Jones in the KCAI Student Life office no later than 5 p.m. Feb. 13 . For more information, contact foundation faculty members Misty Gamble at email@example.com or David Overholt at firstname.lastname@example.org A friendly black cat was found Oct. 31 at 46th and Main Streets, and the family who found the cat hopes to reunite it with its owners. If you think the cat might be yours, contact them at email@example.com KCAI’s Academic Advising and Career Services office regularly publishes a creative opportunities and career listing with employment, freelance, volunteer and RFQ listings for students and alumni. Download the current creative opportunities list here . Download the current career list here
You are here: Results 1-5 of 5 M&S brown scarf Vintage St Michael apricot mohair/wool scarf/wrap Karen Millen - Size: M - Brown St Michael Vintage Coffee And Umber Rayon Satin Scarf With Flamingo Pink Roses St Michael Vintage Red Denim Blue And White Graphic Flower Print Rayon Twill Scarf Page 1 of 1 | Showing 1-5 of 5 What we do Make a donation © 2015. Oxfam is a registered charity in England and Wales (no 202918) and Scotland (SC039042). Oxfam GB is a member of Oxfam International.
Range Rover (2013) pictures and hands-on A new Range Rover doesn’t come along every day. This is only the fourth full-size Range Rover ever -although don’t forget it’s no longer just a model though, but forms part of a range together with Evoque and Sport. The previous model lasted a full ten years, which made it practically prehistoric in car years. Yet it still looks good as it shuffles off stage left. So what of the new? Well, it’s longer, lower and crucially, lighter. A lot lighter. Which should bring some long-overdue benefits in terms of fuel consumption - which has been historically chronic - and of course CO2 figures, which even rich people are apparently bothered about these days. Being lighter it should be better to drive, too. But all that is yet to come, for now our first impressions are limited to how the Rangey looks, what it feels like to sit in and a partial look at what the tech’s like. And, for the most part, we rather like what we see. The Range Rover instantly looks more modern with its more jewel-like details, bigger wheels and a tad more chrome bling. Yet it keeps its signatures of a floating roof, merging grille-and-lamps, clamshell bonnet and split tailgate. Design-wise, it feels familiar, yet looks rather different in the metal. That’s because its proportions have grown and the cabin has more "lean back" to it than the upright car it replaces. Whether that’s a good thing or not is tricky to call. It looks more modern, it still looks like a Range Rover, but in our view some of the "regal" qualities of the old Range Rover have been lost. Not to fret though, because inside is distractingly impressive. You still climb "up", into the Range Rover, yet you sit lower – there’s less of a sense of sitting outboard in the car, with the beltline so low, relative to your hips. You feel more ensconced. It still feels big, yet you’re unlikey to be overwhelmed because the cabin design has been cleaned up with a 50 per cent reduction in switchgear. Most of the secondary controls are now driven through a central touchscreen which is verging on tablet-sized. It’s flanked by a series of backlit shortcut keys, which will reduce many of our traditional touchscreen moans. And just three major climate dials can take care of the entire cabin’s ventilation options, including switching on the heated seats - which we like, as they’re really lovely to use and hold. The centre screen though, plays second fiddle to an engorged digital instrument cluster. This, we couldn't see in action beyond the start-up display. But that was enough to notice a massive up-tick in resolution relative to the Jag XJ, which features a similar design. On the centre tunnel, there’s a much cleaner set of dials for the gearbox and four-wheel drive settings, which theatrically rise up when the car starts and sit flush when the car’s stopped – adding to the sense of this being a very clean, spare, yet modern design. The really clever bit though, is that it all feels special - it feels like an event - and like you’re genuinely in something worth a hundred grand and that’s got a real whiff of class. And it gets even better in the back, where the longer wheelbase - and greater overall length of the Range Rover generally - liberates loads more legroom. For the first time you’ll be able to choose between a three-seat rear bench, or two plush captain's chairs which recline like business-class airline seats and are separated by a thick centre console. Display screens resided in the headrests backs of all the Range Rovers on the Land Rover’s stand in Paris, but sadly weren’t operational. But given the massiveness of the Range Rover’s front seats, these manage to be bigger screens than you might expect. Kids and business men alike are in for a real treat. We’ll get more details - and our first drive - of the new Range Rover come the winter. Expect prices to rise from their current £70k start point and the range of personalisation options, colours and accessories to make it easy to tip your Range Rover well beyond £100k in price. Even at that price, we can see it selling well. China and the US particularly are likely to be keen on the extra size and space. It’s just a pity that in its home market it’s now a bit big for the average car parking space. People won’t care – because the Range Rover’s still got class in bags, is still the king of 4x4 and will doubtless make a brilliant all-round vehicle. In the next three years of its life, this car will face some new rivals - such as Bentley’s production EXP 9F and Lamborghini’s Urus. But you’ll have to really want to own that particular brand and everything that goes with it, to overlook the Range Rover. The best 4x4xfar? Don’t bet against it.
By Times staff writers Published November 20, 2004 5 KEYS FOR FLORIDA 1. HIT THE GROUND RUNNING: Florida State has the nation's No. 1 run defense while the Gators have the top rusher in the SEC, Ciatrick Fason. Backup DeShawn Wynn is expected to return from a strained groin that kept him out for two games, and Skyler Thornton has played well in Wynn's absence. Florida must rely on those three to get its running game going early. When the Gators have been successful this season, the running game has been a big part of the equation. 2. HOLD THE LEAD: Florida has lost three games this season in the final minutes and lost last season to the Seminoles in the final minute. No lead will be safe with FSU in its stadium. 3. HOPE CHRIS RIX REMAINS ON THE SIDELINE: The quarterback has been a thorn in the Gators' side, engineering a late winning drive and having some of his best games against them. So you have to wonder if he has gotten into their psyches. If Rix comes in and has immediate success, who knows? 4. THE OFFENSIVE LINE: It has been the most steady unitbut hampered by penalties at key moments. With Florida State's stellar defense, center Mike Degory and company have to stay away from the flags, give Chris Leak time to throw and Fason and Wynn room to run. Degory said he expects this to be the line's toughest test. It's an exam the players have to pass. If they can't protect and open the holes, it will be a long night for the Gators. 5. STAY COOL: There is a lot of emotion surrounding this game. Their coach has been fired. The Gators haven't won in Tallahassee since 1986. This game is highly charged anyway because of the intrastate rivalry, but Florida can't get caught up in the hype. If it plays tight and falls behind early, the uphill climb might be too much. - ANTONYA ENGLISH, Times staff writer FIVE KEYS FOR FLORIDA STATE 1. HOME COOKING FOR SEXTON: Quarterback Wyatt Sexton's performances at home vs. the road have been Jekyll and Hyde-like. In five games at Doak Campbell, he has completed 74 of 107 passes (69 percent) for 895 yards and six touchdowns with just one interception. In four road games, he's 51-of-113 (45 percent) for 602 yards, two scores and six interceptions. 2. QUICK STRIKE: The Seminoles know the Gators will come out inspired to win for coach Ron Zook, so the best way to deflate them is an early touchdown. But then the Seminoles have scored a touchdown on their opening drive just twice (UAB and North Carolina) and haven't scored a first-half touchdown in their past four games. 3. CONTAIN THE LEAK: The Seminoles have allowed just six passing touchdowns, but coach Bobby Bowden calls Leak the best quarterback the Seminoles have faced this season. Leak leads the SEC in passing yards per game (270.4) and has thrown 27 touchdowns. He also is a threat to run but uses his mobility more) to buy time. 4. PHASE OUT FASON: Besides leading the SEC, Fason has nine touchdowns. His play has made Leak's job easier. The Seminoles neutralized him last year (21 yards on eight carries) and need to do that again to make the Gators offense one-dimensional. 5. SHORTEN THE FIELD: Willie Reid provided the biggest boost for a struggling offense last week at North Carolina State with his punt returns. He had six for 108 yards, a healthy average of 18 yards (10 is the goal). Slowed by hamstring and groin injuries, he's as healthy as he has been.
My Mom & I worked on this quilt while I was visiting home. Its made from a Hello Betty layer cake. I love that line (its discontinued), especially the grey. I made this quilt from it…but I still wish I had more of that pretty grey floral. The pattern is Camille’s Wild Thing Pattern. (Now that I look at this picture Seattle looks like a little blurry hill) Thanks for all the preschool starting well wishes. I tried to act like I was really sad he was leaving me for three hours but really I was doing cartwheels in my head. I’m sure I’ll feel differently when he’s gone all day… but for now, I’m glad he enjoys school and I get a break from his 3 year old-ness. Cause his 3 year old-ness is driving me BONKERS!
I fly many SLKs and use line from 20# to 1200#. I have anchored down kites on 20# line and hand flown others on 300# line. It depends on the situation and how I am feeling. But SAFETY must come first. The key SAFETY question is can you RETREIVE the kite. The rule would be always set a anchor first before you launch ANY kite(s) that you may not be able to retreive. Then you just need the skills to tie a line with tension on it. (be glad to help if you need it) Ability to fly be hand, is not based on line strength but the amount of pull. In 10mph you maybe fine 15 mph and your in trouble remember you can adjust the bridle point to lower the pull in higher winds So, to answer your question. Yes you can in some winds you can. But would you want to. You may get tired soon. I have a 6 stack of gomberg DC at 9' each. Wouldn't ever fly all 6 in a train by hand. But in the right winds, a 3 stack sounds just right. Oh yes, at the beach you use a sand anchor
'I felt I had killed my mate' - Private Paul Warren - From: news.com.au - September 12, 2013 PRIVATE Paul Warren suffered a horrific injury while serving in Afghanistan - a buried bomb exploded and took off his leg. But the physical recovery he had to make was nothing compared to the emotional. Private Warren had to come to terms with the fact that the bomb he accidentally detonated also killed his mate. It was a scorching summer day on July 18, 2009 in the Uruzgan province. Just six weeks into his first tour of duty, Private Warren and his fellow soldiers had surrounded the compound of a notorious insurgent bomb maker. He had been lying outside on the ground next to his 22-year-old colleague Private Benjamin Ranaudo, behind a mag 58 machine gun, for two hours. He shifted slightly behind his gun and suddenly heard a loud bang. "And I pretty much launched into the air." He doesn't remember the pain at first. "No, initially no. Confusion and dust and ringing in your ears, it was just out of control. I crawled for a little bit and I wasn't crawling very successfully and I looked down and my leg was clean gone ... so from then on I realised I was in trouble," Private Warren told Channel Ten, for the first episode of current affairs show Revealed. His first instinct was to look for Private Ranaudo. "The pain was out of control. I was asking where Ben was and no one would answer me and it was in the back of my mind, tell me, but no one would," Private Warren said. "I can tell you now, the worst moment of my life was waking up from that first surgery and looking to see my mate on a bed beside me and people telling me that he has been killed." He felt shattered and guilty. "Honestly me triggering the small one, I felt I had killed my mate." Back home in Australia, his girlfriend of just four months Dee Acland got the call all loved ones dread. But Ms Acland was not formally registered as Private Warren's de facto - of the four months they'd known each other he had been in Afghanistan for almost two - and the army was under no obligation to help her in any official way. Private Warren had been flown to Brisbane, to a hospital that could deal with his horrific injuries. When Ms Acland got the call she packed up her home in Townsville and headed straight for Brisbane. "I remember seeing her walk into the room when they got me back to Brisbane and I can't remember what was said that day. I just remember hugging her," Private Warren said. Ms Acland said he was injured and 20 kilos lighter, but she could see that he was "the same person inside". "I know of a couple of people that just really questioned whether we'd stay together or not. It might have been too much for such an early relationship. It was still going to happen for us. We just did a lot of our dating in hospital," she said. The physical recovery for Private Warren was tough. A two-time Australian Muay Thai champion - nicknamed The Warlord - was now without a leg. "That was the worst time in my life. Not the physical but the post-traumatic stress," he said. "I was addicted to the pain medication. I went straight from morphine to endone-type stuff. The doctor's answer was 'here take these antidepressants and fill yourself up'. I can tell you now, that's definitely not the answer. At one stage I thought about just eating whatever tablets I had and never waking up. "I remember being up for two, three days in a row, I just couldn't see at night. I was anxious and almost waiting for something to happen. It's not a nice feeling." Private Warren says he feels personally let down by the army, and thinks Defence should do more to help veterans. "I would like to help them put together some programs. I mean, when I first got back to work, we just sat there. The worst thing you can do with someone with post-traumatic stress is to give them nothing to do, their mind will take over," he said. "If you're not busy and have some goals, don't forget these are guys who have come out of such a structured and they are goal orientated and then all of a sudden you can't have them sitting around doing nothing. This is killing people, people are killing themselves." Private Warren has been working through his guilt over the incident, and believes that the best way to honour Private Ben Ranaudo is to live and to be happy. Now married to Ms Acland with two children, the couple has honoured Ben by naming their son after him. "Jax Benjamin Warren … yeah, after Ben and, yeah, that's really meaningful to us. We proudly have Ben's photo in our home and the kids will grow up and know about those photos and how much meaning they have," Ms Acland said. "Ben's family, they are just an amazing group of people. I really feel for them because they are so supportive and so loving towards myself and Paul and our kids and, yeah, it might be hard for them to see it because Ben didn't end up getting that. They didn't get that for their son. "Paul and I often remind ourselves how lucky we are. I'm lucky, I had a soldier that came home. He came home a little differently but he's one of the lucky ones. So we remind ourselves you know just how lucky we are." The first episode of Channel Ten's new program Revealed, hosted by Hugh Riminton, airs tonight, September 12, at 9.30pm.
WATERBURY -- A former contractor accused of sexually assaulting a student while working at the Westover School in Middlebury was given three years of probation Tuesday in Waterbury Superior Court. Richard DeJesus, 34, was accused of having "inappropriate contact" with a 15-year-old girl while he was working on a sprinkler system at the school in 2009. DeJesus entered a plea of no contest to risk of injury to a minor, which means he was convicted of the crime, but didn't admit he was guilty. A prosecutor is no longer pursuing the sexual assault charge as part of a plea deal. Read more of this story and more! 7-Day Subscribers have FREE access to everything on rep-am.com and our E-Edition.CLICK HERE to register and activate your access,. Not a subscriber? You can purchase a single-day subscription for only $0.75 to read this and access all of our content and our E-Edition. CLICK HERE purchase a single day subscription. Become an electronic subscriber to the Republican-American for only $8 a month. CLICK HERE.
We are experts in archery and have been bow hunting since 1978. We specialize in archery tackle but accept rifle, muzzle loader, cross bows, and shot guns in our bear operation. Whiteshell Outfitters is a small, owner operated business. I have considerable experience guiding non-resident guests and have been doing so since 1981. I love the outdoors and go to great lengths to put my guests in areas where potential trophy game exist. Our goal is to make your wilderness stay in Manitoba enjoyable and memorable. We offer Trophy Whitetail, Black bear/Fishing combo's. The Whiteshell area is located in southeastern Manitoba. The terrain consists of lakes, rivers, swamps, rock outcrops and lush forest. The vast terrain, numerous food sources, and low hunting pressure enable the bear population in our area to thrive. The possibility of harvesting a large bear is a reality. Our hunters have tagged bears as old as 21 to 26 years of age!
The 168s seem to be the latest fad. A lot of people get all googly eyed, (me included) by the high BCs of the VLDs, but they are just fragile target bullets. I would go with the 160 AB. The coefficient is still good at .531, and you get the performance of a premium hunting bullet. Sorry if this post comes off rude, just take it as kind of a 'forewarning'. I used to be on the Berger bandwagon until I saw their flaws in the field. I will say this though, if you're only shooting targets, they work great! They kill paper very, very well. Arise... Kill, Eat! - Acts 10:13 I am glad to hear somebody doesnt like em. I hear nothing but good things and I like to hear honest evaluations. Thank you. Hopefully now I do not share the same opinion as you because of all the range hours I have put in on them. I shoot the accubond now and have a great load worked up for them. It did take 400 rounds down range though. I tried like heck and finally got a result. Arise... Kill, Eat! - Acts 10:13 There are failures with just about any bullet design. I have killed a bunch of critters with Accubonds, and really like their performance. It is usually boom, and the game goes down. However, I shot my biggest bull with 200 grain .308 Accubonds, and it took four rounds. At first, I was disappointed with my own marksmanship. Then, during necropsy, it turns out all four punched holes through the lungs, with fairly narrow wound channels. Usually Accubonds leave the lungs in ribbons. I chalked it up to an anomoly, and the fact the bull was 900+ pounds on the hoof. Even after that experience, I would use (and have used) Accubonds with confidence. Accubonds have worked as advertized farm more often than this one-time mediocre performance. I also had an acquaintance tell me he won't use Accubonds, because he blew one up on the shoulder of a cow, but I suspect it was actually a ballistic tip. I certainly agree hunters should use what they are most confident with. BTW, I have never had a Barnes TTSX failure ... but I have heard rumors of them failing to open. They have all been quick one-shot kills for me. I appreciate the conversation, Elkoholic307. TTSX & TSX up to .25, ABs past that. I do have a 2 .25 cal rifles that like 110gr ABs better than the tsx. My favorite bullets in my hunting rifles: .280 Rem is the 140gr AB .338-06 is the 210gr Partition looks like i'm the only hornady guy on here, I use 165 grain sst's in my 300 wsm and knocked down my elk at over 500 yards. I also use 87 grain btsp in my 25-06 for antelope and coyotes. Then I use 40 grain v max's out of my 22-250 I'm a little late getting here, but it was an interesting read. I'm on the bandwagon with most. My favorite all around bullet is the accubond, but I've had success with bergers also. One thing I found with the bergers in 6mm (87 & 95gr) is that they seldom exit and the animal loses very little blood from a small entrance wound. They did enough damage that the deer fell right in their tracks or close to it, and left very little blood on the ground to contaminate an area with it's scent. It was nice when letting my girlfriend or neighbors take management deer from my stand sites. I had trouble with them punching through coyotes without much damage at longer ranges also. I plan to keep trying 140gr bergers in my 264WM also, but it's accubonds for me in everything else or for anything bigger than deer. I love how fast accubonds open, even using elk weight bullets on coyotes they open fast and deliver shock instead of burning through but they still retain their weight and penetrate. I've never recovered an accubond from something smaller than an elk that I can remember. The accubond is the most consistent and forgiving bullet I've tried. Last edited by mcseal2; 07-18-2011 at 09:31 PM. Reason: typo
RGZ10886 In Stock Absolutely No Delay on Personalization! This Five Stone Sterling Silver Heart Mother's Birthstone Ring is a wonderful way to add some difference to a gift. Your choice of 5 birthstones will be placed inside this Birthstone heart Ring. This Five Stone Heart Mother's Birthstone Ring can be worn for any occasion, and will always have the extra spark that you need for a night out or a regular day. This Five Stone Austrian Crystal Heart Birthstone Ring comes in sizes five through nine. This personalized ring makes a perfect gift for mom or for grandma! Eve's Addiction.com wants you to be a happy customer. We want you to be completely satisfied with the sterling silver jewelry that you receive from us, as we only sell high quality silver and cubic zirconia cz jewelry. We do understand that you may not like your purchase for some reason. You may return or exchange your jewelry within 60 days of purchase if you are not satisfied with it. The jewelry must be returned in its original condition for a refund or exchange. Engraved, personalized, photo, monogram, name and initial, chocolate and clearance items are not returnable or exchangeable.
September 30, 2013 You'll Receive Many Opinions of Your Resume; Rely on 10 Sure Things By Bob McIntosh, Career Trainer In a recent article, I wrote about how seeking the advice of multiple resume “experts” may land you in Job Search Purgatory - where you run around from expert to expert, revising and revising your resume, and revising it some more, until you’re at your wit’s end. Whose advice should you follow when you’re writing your resumes? Knowing the answer to this dilemma is like having a crystal ball; without it you won’t be 100% sure of who will provide the right answers. Do you heed the advice of professional resume writers, recruiters, HR, or hiring managers? They all offer good advice, but their advice will be different. In fact, you can ask 20 résumé experts their opinions on how you should write your resumes, and you’ll get 20 different answers. So who is correct? The answer is, “Who knows?” The person who decides if your resume will get you to an interview is the person who invites you in for an interview. Resume reviewers are somewhat subjective when they read resumes, and sometimes there’s no rhyme nor reason. While one person may like accomplishments listed upfront, another may prefer them listed in your employment section—the easier to know when and where you had your accomplishments. While one person prefers two-page resumes, another might favor one-pagers. While one person may not be concerned with flowery prose in your professional profile, another may hate it, as I do. The point being, you’re the one who needs to decide if your resume is ready to go. Do you want to drive yourself nuts by having a slew of people give you their “expert” advice, revising your resume twenty times over? Or do you want to take your destiny into your own hands? Now, there are certain rules on writing effective resumes that you should heed in no particular order. These are ten sure things that need to be in place to offer you the best chance of success. 1. Quantifiable results are a must. Employers are not interested in a grocery list of duties; they’re drawn to significant accomplishments that are quantified with numbers, dollars, and percentages. 2. Please no clichés or unsubstantiated adaptive skills. The new rule is to show rather than tell. Yes, you may be innovative; but what makes you innovative? Did you develop a program for inner-city youth that promoted a cooperative environment, reducing violent crime by 50%? If so, state it in your profile as such. 3. Tailor your resume to each job, when possible. Employers don’t want a one-fits-all resume that doesn’t address their needs or follow the job description. It’s insulting. By the way, for all you job board junkies, a resume using the Target Job Deconstruction method is an adequate alternative to tailoring thousands of resumes. 4. Your résumé needs to show relevance. Employers are interested in the past 10 or 15 years of your work history; in some cases less. Age discrimination may also be a concern, so don’t show all 25-30 years of your work life. 5. Keywords are essential for certain occupations that are technical in nature. They’re the difference between being found at the top of the list or not at all. Again, job board faithfuls must have their keywords peppered throughout their résumé. 6. Size matters. Some employers are reading hundreds of résumés for one job, so do them a favor and don’t submit a resume that doesn’t warrant its length. The general rule is two pages are appropriate providing you have the experience and accomplishments to back it up. More than two pages requires extensive experience. In some cases a one-page resume will do the job. 7. No employer cares what you want. That’s right; employers care about what they want and need. If you happen to care what they want and can solve their problems and make them look good, they’ll love you. So drop the meaningless objective statement that generally reads, “Seeking a position in a progressive company where I can utilize my journalism skills.” Great if the employer cares about your desire to employ your journalism skills. Super great if they need a journalist. 8. Start your resume with a punch. Below your name and contact information lies your branding title. Within 130 characters or so, you can capture the attention of the employer by stating what you do and in what capacity. Senior Engineer doesn’t do it like: Pharmaceutical Sales Rep | Biopharma | Committed to Increasing Revenue | and Enhancing Product Line. 9. Make it easy to read. Your resume should not only be visually appealing, it should be visually readable. Employers who read hundreds of resumes will glance at them for as few as 10 seconds before deciding to read them at length. Make your resume scannable by writing shorter word blocks, three to four lines at most. 10. WOW them. Use WOW statements in your professional profile section in the form of accomplishments. That’s right, grab their attention with quantified accomplishments early on. Volunteered to assume the duties of website development and design, while also excelling at pubic relations, resulting in $50,000 in savings for the company will entice the reviewer to continue reading. At some point you need to go with what works—a resume that will land you interviews. I don’t care if it’s written on a napkin and delivered in a Starbucks’ cup (it’s been done). If it’s getting you interviews, go with it. If it isn’t getting you interviews, there’s something lacking in your résumé, but carefully chose one or two people who can offer you sound advice. And remember the 10 must have’s on your résumé. Upload your resume and have employers find you! About the Author Bob McIntosh, CPRW , is a career trainer at the Career Center of Lowell, where he leads more than 20 workshops on the career search. Bob is often the person jobseekers and staff go to for advice on the job search. As well, he critiques resumes and conducts mock interviews. One of his greatest accomplishments is starting a LinkedIn group, which is one of the largest of its kind in the state, and developing three in-high-demand workshops on LinkedIn. Bob’s greatest pleasure is helping people find rewarding careers in a competitive job market. Please visit Bob's blog at www.thingscareerrelated.wordpress.com Related Healthcare Career Articles: 5 In-Demand Healthcare Jobs That Require No Prior Training Top 10 Challenges Facing Healthcare Workers Top 5 Fast Growing Healthcare Jobs
Lycopene is a natural compound found in plants. It’s involved in photosynthesis and helps to protect plants from damage due to constant exposure to light. It’s lycopene that gives certain plant foods their vibrant red color including tomatoes, pink grapefruit, papaya, guava, watermelon, goji berries and apricots. These foods are some of the best sources of this strong antioxidant pigment. Humans can’t make lycopene, and it’s not a dietary requirement, but research shows that lycopene may have health benefits. Because of its antioxidant properties and its ability to keep inflammation in check, lycopene may lower the risk of some diseases including heart disease and certain types of cancer. Lycopene is more potent from an antioxidant standpoint than vitamin E, as much as 100 times more powerful. That puts it in a special class among molecules that help to prevent oxidative damage, the type of damage that occurs to cells from exposure to oxygen. Unfortunately, most people don’t get enough lycopene in their diet. The best way to get lycopene is by eating tomatoes that have been heated or processed from sources like tomato sauce and ketchup. The lycopene in raw, unprocessed tomatoes can’t be as readily used by the body. There are also lycopene supplements available. Lycopene also offers skin benefits because of its antioxidant properties. When skin is exposed to sunlight, it causes free radicals to form. Free radicals damage skin cells and cells that produce collagen and elastin. They also activate enzymes that break down collagen. This is one mechanism by which sun exposure causes premature aging and skin cancer. Lycopene, by acting as an antioxidant and a powerful free radical quencher, may reduce this type of damage. It’s well-suited to protect skin cells since it works best in a lipid-rich environment like the skin. With so many people worried about ingredients in sunscreens, lycopene appears to have natural sun protective benefits. In a study published in the British Society for Investigative Dermatology in 2008, researchers assigned participants to a diet high in lycopene for 3 months. Another group ate a regular diet to serve as a control group. The results? The group that ate a lycopene-rich diet enjoyed 33% greater protection against the sun’s damaging rays. That’s the equivalent of a sun protection factor or SPF of 1.3. That’s not good enough to throw away your sunscreen, but lycopene offers additional protection against the sun that goes above and beyond standard sunscreen products. What’s even more exciting about lycopene is the effect it has on collagen production. When researchers took skin samples from participants in the lycopene study, they found the participants that ate the lycopene-rich diet had higher levels of pro-collagen in their skin. Pro-collagen is the precursor to collagen, a protein that gives skin its support and youthful firmness. Collagen levels decline with age, which is partially responsible for the wrinkling and saggy skin that comes with age. Lycopene may help to replace some of this lost collagen. With all of the good positive news about lycopene and its effects on the skin, it’s not surprising that manufacturers of cosmetics and skin care products are adding lycopene to their products. Some cosmetic products that contain lycopene include anti-aging treatments, facial moisturizers, eye creams, lip gloss and lipstick. In lip gloss and lipstick, lycopene serves as a colorant. Absorption of lycopene from skin creams doesn’t appear to be a problem. It’s lipid-soluble, which makes it easily absorbed across the lipid barrier of the skin. It has a bright orange color and can color the skin if a product contains a high concentration. Lycopene appears to be safe cosmetic ingredient. In fact, it has health benefits. The Environmental Working Group classifies it as a low hazard cosmetic ingredient. That means you can feel safe putting it on your skin. Lycopene generally doesn’t cause skin irritation, although there are reports of allergies to lycopene. When used orally in supplement form, it can cause mild stomach upset for some people but is usually well tolerated.
How to Make Communication Technology Work for Positive Social Change We live and work in the information age, an era of global knowledge sharing and social networking enabled by a variety of information, communication, and collaboration technologies (or ICCT). What do we do about it? The rescue of the Chilean coal miners is a fine example of how modern digital technology aided people from around the world to be informed, share practical wisdom, collaboratively problem-solve, and coordinate efforts to deploy innovative solutions. Disparate people from various countries and professions who become aware of the situation and were empathetic to the plight of the miners spontaneously organized themselves into a rescue enterprise. They formed a sociotechnical system that, for a period of time, transcended artificial social and national boundaries to save lives. Human ingenuity was unleashed for the benefit of others. Utilizing information and collaboration technology, a global dialogue was established so needed knowledge, skills, and resources were identified, located, and deployed. Further, because of the world-wide media coverage, significant attention has been drawn to a longstanding critical issues in the coal industry. The challenge now is to act to change working conditions for miners so the safety of their work environments is improved and their lives will not be jeopardized in the future. Like this rescue situation, contemporary organizations—for profit, nonprofit and governmental—can be understood as dynamic webs of communication, relationships, and interactivity enabled by digital technology. Being distributed entities comprised of people and technology, they are complex sociotechnical systems where professionals self-organize, communicate, build relationships, make decisions, conduct business, engage in activities, perform tasks, and serve customers without concern of distance or locale. The Internet, cell phones, laptops, Blackberries, and now iPads are creating workplace environments characterized by 24/7 connectivity and a continuous flow of information. Instant messaging, Twitter and Facebook enable social networking where ideas and work experiences are readily and routinely shared. Wikis allow company teams to generate new knowledge and dynamically collaborate even though members live on different continents and in different time zones. Adobe Connect and Cisco’s telepresence systems allow professionals to meet “person-to-person” in “real time” without physically traveling, thus, being more efficient and reducing an organization’s carbon footprint. While technology holds a promise of a more sustainable and globally networked future, it can also be a threat to such goals. People can become part of an “organizational machine” that never stops. Boundaries between work and personal time can be lost. This can affect the quality of work life and the health of individuals and communities. How can technology be deployed in organizations in a sustainable manner? How can it be utilized so it does not dehumanize workers and impoverish local communities and world societies? The initial step in answering these questions is to identify a set of principles to guide the design of organizational systems that utilize ICCT. A sociotechnical perspective, understanding people and technology as components of one system, can serve as a fine analytical lens. Foundational principles to this viewpoint are: - The workplace is a domain in which people actively participate in developing their own work environment. Emphasis is placed on utilizing the appropriate work processes and technology that enhance both workers’ performance and their job satisfaction. Attention is paid to the quality of the work experience. - The contemporary organization is a physical and virtual entity that weaves people and technology into an adaptive system while respecting the dignity, physical health, and psychological well-being of the worker. Promoting work-life balance is also a high priority. Technological applications seek to enhance organizational operations and the quality of the work environment. Rooted in users’ particular work styles and needs, they assist in establishing an empowering work environment that fosters ingenuity and builds a creative interdependence between, for example, co-workers or external organizational partners. - Society thoughtfully participates in the design and application of technology, understands its advantages and disadvantages, identifies harmful ramifications, and addresses negative aspects prior to deployment. In this manner, society proactively helps to ensure that organizational ICCT is deployed in a healthy manner. Such a human-centric and sustainable approach to technology applications can aid organizations to utilize ICCT for its highest purpose—the improvement of the human condition and the enhancement of the quality of all life. NOTE: This post was first published by the blog, Triple Pundit, on December 20, 2010.
This deal only lasts for 24 hours on BitsDuJour. Wait for this winx's DVD ripper discount for a long time. This is the platinum version winx DVD ripper which enables you to convert protected DVDs to general videos for playback on iPhone, iPad, Android. For more detail introduction, u can go to: http://www.winxdvd.com/dvd-ripper-platinum/ enjoy it lol
Recipe adapted from Chef Jeff Mann of Maggiano's Little Italy 1 teaspoon garlic, finely minced 3/4 cup seasoned breadcrumbs 1 1/4 lb. ground beef 1 1/2 tablespoons parsley, chopped 6 tablespoons parve, unflavored soy or rice milk 1-tablespoon olive oil 1 jar good quality marinara sauce or homemade marinara 1 lb. spaghetti Meatballs: Combine the garlic, breadcrumbs and salt. Mix beef, parsley, eggs and parve milk together with the breadcrumb mixture. Mix well by hand just until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Form 16 evenly sized meatballs about 2 ounces each. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add the meatballs and brown on all sides until cooked through. Preheat oven to 350. Finish cooking in oven for about 10 minutes. Sauce: In a saucepan, warm marinara and meatballs until the meatballs are heated through. Cook spaghetti al dente, according to the instructions on the box. Drain spaghetti well (do not rinse). Toss immediately in the heated marinara and place in warmed serving dish with meatballs on top. Spoon additional sauce over the meatballs. If serving on Friday night, the entire recipe can be prepared, placed in an oven proof casserole, and then held in a warmed oven - or placed on a warming tray before Shabbos begins, and covered with insulating towels or pads.
This deviant's full pageview graph is unavailable. Last Visit: 14 weeks ago This is the place where you can personalize your profile! By moving, adding and personalizing widgets. You can drag and drop to rearrange. You can edit widgets to customize them. The bottom has widgets you can add! Some widgets you can only access when you get a premium membership. Some widgets have options that are only available when you get a premium membership. We've split the page into zones! Certain widgets can only be added to certain zones. "Why," you ask? Because we want profile pages to have freedom of customization, but also to have some consistency. This way, when anyone visits a deviant, they know they can always find the art in the top left, and personal info in the top right. Don't forget, restraints can bring out the creativity in you! Now go forth and astound us all with your devious profiles! Favorite visual artistCartoonsFavorite moviesThe Simpsons Movie, White Chicks, Bender's Big GameFavorite TV showsCartoons: Simpsons, Futurama, Regular Show, Adventure Time. Series: F.R.I.E.N.D.S. and The Office USAFavorite bands / musical artistsDemi Lovato, One Direction, Beatles, Nirvana, Iron Maiden.Favorite booksNarnia and Harry PotterFavorite writersJ.K. RowlingFavorite gamesPac-Man; Portal; Hey Ice King, Why do you steal our garbage?; Mortal KombatFavorite gaming platformSuper Mario World (Super Nintendo)Tools of the Trade..........Other InterestsRead , Swim and Write
Welcome Comrades to the 25th Edition of the ConquerClub Dispatch! Well it's been 1 year since the newsletter started and 25 editions of the newsletter have been pumped out. It's been interesting watching the newsletter evolve as it has, we started with 5 or 6 people, and now we have more than 20 people and going stronger than ever before. Thanks to everyone who has contributed to the newsletter in the past year and thanks to all who will contribute this year, the newsletter would not be where it is today without your commitment and dedication. Also i'd like to thank our readers, you are the reason we keep publishing the newsletter so thanks for your support over the past year. Tell all your friends to subscribe! Editor in Chief Welcome to the 25th edition of this newsletter and it is another jam packed edition for the mess hall. This fortnight we are providing you with have the latest hot topics with ARMY of GOD , an analysis of the assault odds calculator plugin by , more about the nuclear spoils feature by and some valentines day advice, CC style from . If that isn't enough, we also have an interview with everyones favourite off-topic poster , another tale from the elf and a story for all those who have suffered from bad dice by . Hope you enjoy it! Nagerous Hot Topics by ARMY of GOD Hot Topics: 1. Huzzah! The longest thread, thread is FINALLY the longest thread on Conquer Club! 2. Qwert is advertising for some advertising! 3. Hurry! Some people think "New Moon" is the best movie of 2009! 4. Congrats to myself for advertising the General Congratulations thread! 5. Talking about McGill University's social usergroup in the Newsletter was invented by Army of GOD on February 8th, 2010. Plug-ins and Addons: Assault Odds by Minister Masket So you've come round to the fact that you're not being cheated by the dice. Excellent. Now you want to get down to the business of winning all those games you joined. Unfortunately, the luck factor means you can't win every game, but there are things you can do to increase your chances. Take the " Assault Odds" calculator for example. Now before I start (and if you're interested), do open up the link at the bottom in a new tab or window, because - like the Dice Analyser - it's fairly visual based, so you'll understand the description better if you're looking at the thing. Done? Good. For starters, ignore everything but the top three rows. This is the "Quick Calculator" part, and it very handily calculates the odds of success against your opponent(s), as opposed to you doing a quick number-crunch in your head and then subsequentially wondering where it all went wrong. Take the example already there on the calculator. An attacking army of 5 against a defending one of 3 has a 64.2% chance of success. The calculator automatically saves your entries to save you typing them out again, and if you need more, you can click the "Add Calc" button just underneath to add more blank rows. You even get a grand total percentage of winning all the battles you add in. Now what is that comma doing seperating the 8 and the 4 in the second row? Well that's how you add armies from different territories to the calculation, and it works with defenders too. Below this we have the "Pathfinder" section. Whereas the QC works best for single battles, the Pathfinder calculates your odds of successfully attacking a sequence of territories in the same turn. So firstly you choose the territory you're attacking from from the dropdown menu, then add your army number in brackets. Then you choose the valid bordering territory and add it's defenders. This one step will calculate the odds anyway, and you can add your next moves in the rows below. When you're done, you'll be presented with a total percentage of your chance of winning the lot. Finally, at the bottom we have the "Statistics" part. This will use your calculation from the QC part to tell you how many of your attackers are likely to survive, both in "minimum" and "exactly" columns. Don't get too attached to this part though. They are just numbers after all, not real soldiers. And that's it. For tips and the option to download this, here's the link I really hope you clicked on when I told you to: http://www.conquerclub.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=83451 A word of warning however. At the time of writing you can only use this if you are using either Firefox with Greasemonkey or Google Chrome. So if you use IE or another browser, you're buggered. Next time - Clickable Maps! Valentine's Day Advice CC Style by FoxMists Early last year a.sub started a thread in General Discussion to work on his pick up lines. (Don’t lie, we all know you were really just looking for tips!) I found this to be an interesting idea and delved into what I thought would be moderately amusing and at least give me a heads up for the real desperate sorts that need this sort of help. Well, I was wrong. I was so very wrong. It was not moderately amusing. It was bloody hilarious and as lame as a one legged rabbit (hey! Not that kind of leg, you pervert!). And you know, it’s that time of year! Valentine’s Day! So I now present to you some of the more memorable pickup lines I came across. ( This will also help you avoid certain… people… if you know what I mean) It turned out that some keywords (and names) were practically required usage. "Want to go back to my place and auto-assault?" AndyDufresne “Hi there, I'm KingHerpes Free.” Jpcloet (Honestly “freestyle” was probably the most common. So common that I couldn’t force myself to add them here… Seriously. Painful.) And then there were the creative sorts: “Map Edition Sweetie, I know you are wondering where our relation is headed, and I've had 8 Thoughts about it. I would like to enter your Forbidden City, but don't want to move too fast causing you to Duck and Cover. This may sound like Madness, but please let me Land, and Sea where it takes us. You have shown me a New World of romance, I used to always just Battle for a rack. We've already tried a manage a trois, so maybe we can Conquer 4 and listen to the Wales. And if you were my Spanish buddy, I would want to Rail you, ese. What? I've been too vulgar? Baby don't go! Okay, well I will CCU later...” sully800 (We are now taking donations for the “Hobbies 4 Sully” fund!) Some people were kinda cute with their lameness. This was much appreciated. “How would you like to travel world together? I was thinking maybe E2, S3 or A12, as they are all so beautiful this time of year.” Jpcloet “It'll be worth the 72 hour ban for the things I want to say and do to you.” GENERAL STONEHAM "Babe, I'm not like the other guys. I don't nuke all over myself." AndyDufresne “You're the rainbow in my spoils...” MrBenn “my cards arent the only things that are escalating right now ” a.sub And we can’t forget the ladies! Top two from the girls? “ whoops, sorry baby, was a slip of the finger on the button" clapper011 (We’re guessing she has heard this line before ) AND, “Hey big guy, if you're UP for it, come over here and show me how good you are at Escalating..” Robinette Well. You gotta love a girl that knows what she wants, huh? If y’all are into self-torture, are ridiculously bored, or just plain sadistic, jump over to the thread and share the wealth! Your lameness will be noted and appreciated by others just like you! A Newt's Tale by elfish_lad The Attack of the Clicky-Spiders A couple of months ago I wrote about wanting to expand my horizons from 1v1 Speed Crack (Lions, Tigers, and Bears, Oh My!) to team games and game variants. Some call them mutants. The game variants even. It's been an interesting couple of months. Here is an example: I am 8 unique wins away from my first freestyle medal. Which doesn't sound that hard... except that I really, really suck at freestyle and haven't gotten the hang of clickies. At all. Cause I suck. Especially on my laptop. With the small screen. And the stupid mouse pad. And the adrenaline kicks in and then I attack a neutral by mistake after deploying my troops 450 kilometers from where I intended and then I fort 3 senior citizens to their Retirement Villa on an island on the other side of the world, well away from any possible danger. At least with clickies I suck really, really quickly. The Elf's First Date But there was another interesting development recently - I was invited to join a clan. Here is how I think that transpired: I was in a late night speed dubs game with some random dude (another aspect of expanding my horizons) and we were getting smoked. Badly. You know those games. Nothing goes right. Oh, you can blame the dice or whatever, but you just know, deep down, at the back of your primordial cortex, no matter what you do, the fates are against you and soon that big dinosaur is going to be using your femur as a tooth pick. Or your primordial spouse is going to bash your head in with that special pointy rock you found. Either way. End of story. But then The Elf is smacked with the inspiration stick. It doesn't usually work that way. Usually I'm in charge of the stupid stick. That night, even after my random partner was removed from the field of battle, we hammered the other team back and won. Thrilling. Seriously. Here was the other team's response to our come-from-behind victory: "fuuuu...dge" It was brief but heart felt I'm sure. Right on suckers! Coming out of that game I think my random partner from that night figured I was good. And handed my name over to a clan leader looking for a good player. Instead they got me. The guy with the stupid stick. But since I didn't have any other invites to the prom I said sure. I hope they don't think I'm a cheap lay! 'Cause I'm not cheap. Kindergarten Zombies Now, this is no reflection on my clan-mates. At all. There are some great players in our clan, including our leader, but I would not be surprised if, in my brief tenure with them, I have recorded only a couple of wins in clan games. But as our clan has been rebuilding and adding a number of mid-ranked players like me here is what I think was happening in our first few games together: we were all reliving the first week of Kindergarten. Your mom drops you off. Another woman with those breast things is there but she doesn't even remotely smell like your mom. You cry for 25 minutes. You realize suddenly that you have just peed your pants. You punch another little boy in the head who just peed himself and won't stop crying. You take a nap. Eat some paint. And as Post My-Parents-Are-Never-Coming-Back Syndrome sets in, you sit on the carpet with 22 other traumatized youngsters, as if you are bit players in a "Dawn of the CC Dead" movie. Moaning, gnawing and drooling ensue. Then you break for lunch. I figure our clan will get better. We just need to eat more finger paint together. Not An Intergalactic Kegger?!?! And all of this leads me to my closing observation: there really are no short-cuts here at CC to being a good clan, or a good team, or a well rounded gamer. Just a lot of games and a lot of working things out. This was brought home to be by a partner in a dubs tournament recently. I made some initial moves and my partner sent me a very helpful PM afterward. In the message he/she laid out some different strategies critiquing some of my early moves. Pretty helpful stuff and in hindsight I realized that I should have seen this myself. But more importantly it was his/her closing words that really struck me: Five. Percent. When I first got here I would have figured that was nothing. After being in The Pit for six months now? Five Percent? Man. That is the world. doing it this way could increase your win % on this map by 5%. Huh. Maybe, just maybe, someday The Elf will give up the stupid stick for good! ~sees the skeptical stares~ Well. An Elf and dream can't he?!?! That's it for me. Off to eat some more finger paint! E. More Nukes by stahrgazer About those nukes... I mean, Nuclear Spoils. As players investigate the option, some find the setting disturbingly luck based, some find it requires strategy, and others are still choosing to avoid them as though they're afraid of radioactive fallout. For example, the Conqueror's Cup inter-clan tournament is disallowing nuclear spoils, the same as freestyle and speed settings have been disallowed for previous Clan Ladders. Please do not be confused; the Cup is not part of the Clan Ladder, although there exists a potential that the games will count in the ladder. But back to Nuclear Spoils and a few more facts. With this setting, it becomes more apparent that random deals cards like it does the dice: sometimes a terr comes in batches. Whatever terrs are on the map are part of the entire pool, so it is possible for one terr to show up several times in a game, and even possible for the same terr to show up in several or all players' hands; the odds are the same for any card at any time in the game, although I have yet to hear of one player getting the same card twice in one hand. Another interesting point about Nuclear Spoils is that the in-game statistics reveal more than the log will tell you immediately upon blasting an opponent (or oneself) off the map. The log will merely indicate that a territory was nuked, but the stats display immediately shows the number of territories, now reduced by one because of the nuke. The log will not indicate the terr-count change until the player takes the next turn. There are those who believe this is unfair, or untrue to the intention of the stats, which were placed, prior to the Nuclear Spoils setting, with the intention of revealing no more than the log will indicate. Now, the log may be behind the stats for as much as a full round (if you have unfortunately had to nuke yourself); but eventually the log will catch up to the stats display, indicating that the player who had 12 terrs at the start of his previous turn has 11 terrs at the start of the current turn. Is a one-round (maximum) difference enough to make you wish to change something? If so, you can visit the Nuclear Spoils thread and make your point known. I, on the other hand, believe this to be not much different than the ability to read an "owned" terr being cashed in a fog game; because of the +2 extra deploy, the log reveals information the ?? leaves in..errrr...question: which terrs does an opponent own? While the stats will display the terrcount, the stats do not indicate which terrs, but that bonus recipient lets one say, "Aha! Now I know where you are!" Granted, in that instance, the information is immediate upon the cash but.. well.. the stats info on nuclear spoils is equally immediate upon the cash. The stats were not intended to reveal more than the log; fog setting was intended to make only the number of terrs readable by the log. In both instances, cashing a card can reveal a little more information than was originally intended. And? So? To Nuke or not to Nuke, that is the question. Only you can answer it, for yourself. Bon Bombarding! The Invasion by Deathcomesrippin For those of us who have suffered through bad dice, this one's for you.... The Invasion Day 7, Dakar Blue looked out over the shoreline. For the last two days, he had been camped here, with five other blues, awaiting instructions. Africa had been secured a few days ago, and the borders set. Across the stretch of ocean, an entire army of red sat at Sao Paulo, unaware of the plans of the warlords who ran the Great Blue War Machine. On day 5, Blue had been a part of the final push to move Green out of the African mainland completely, although word was they had secured Australia, which could prove to be a thorn in their side for the rest of this damned war. His commanding officer, Blue, had mentioned something to the effect of Flaming going on in some chat between Red and Green. Blue Command was looking to capitalize on this, and hoped to be able to place small amounts of reinforcements on Dakar until the time was right. Then, if all went according to plan, there would be a large influx of six, possibly SEVEN, reinforcements, and the true assault on the bastion of Red would begin. A squawk came over the loudspeakers set up over camp, informing all of the troops that it was time to change the watch. Blue looked one last time towards the ocean, wondering what was in store for him in the next few days. Day 10, Dakar: invasion of Sao Paulo The rumble of the motor came from all around him, causing Blue to think for a moment he was in some sort of living hell. The sides of the plane reverberated with rattling of the stores of ammo, foodstuffs, and other such items, creating a cacophony of clanging and banging. Blue Sergeant stood tall, and told the men about him that this moment would be the turning point, the first of many defeats for their enemies across the water, Red. All told, there were 14 blues on board, a frightening army considering Red's defences was a paltry 6. They were caught completely off guard by this assault. Whispers ran through the ranks of Red being led by a n00b general, a Cook maybe. Blue Command, of course, would never verify those rumours, but a refusal to answer was good enough for the troops. Blue gathered his gear. The final light went off, and the rear door of the plane opened. Below them, there was a field of green, the jungles of South America flowing past. Sao Paulo was lit up like a gigantic casino, flood lights crowding the air searching for the first signs of the enemy incursion. Then, all of a sudden (or so it seemed to Blue), the city was below them, and the order was given. Without another thought, Blue leapt clear of the plane, and freefell into his glory. Combat Results (14 v 6)- RED VICTORIOUS 4, 3, 3 - 6, 4- 2 Blue losses (The screams of the dying will be a sound Blue always remembers…..) 2, 1, 1 - 4, 4- 2 Blue losses (“Dear god, more of them….WHY WON’T THEY JUST DIE?”) 5, 3, 3 - 3, 3- 1 Blue loss, 1 Red loss (“Finally, the turning point. I hope this is where it ends...”) 1, 1, 1 - 6, 2- 2 Blue losses (“Blue’s dead, and Blue, and I saw Blue go down earlier….”) 6, 6, 5 - 6, 5- 1 Blue loss, 1 Red loss (“FALL BACK!!! FALL BACK TO THE BEACH!!!”) 5, 5, 2 - 6, 6- 2 Blue losses (“Blue and Blue were killed in the retreat, sir. Final casualties are still coming in.”) Blue was covered in blue gore. All about him, the bodies of his comrades, blues he had known for his entire life, were scattered like so many dice across a game board. The few left had been lead back to the shore, where they awaited the rescue ship. The fighting had been fierce, but even with overwhelming numbers, It was a lost cause. Out of the 14 who had travelled with Blue, he saw only three and himself. Red, on the other hand, now had an equal number, having only lost two. The first thought for Blue was frustration. The frustration of knowing you had lost, and also, that it might be a loss that you might not come back from. Blue Command was compromised, their troops for the front and borders spent of this assault. Already Green had been making overtures into Europe, and Red was crawling across North America. A bullet snapped sand into Blues' face, waking him out of his daydreaming. He raised his weapon and returned fire, the small sandbar he was by providing meagre cover. The other blues all had the same forlorn look on their faces, like dogs which had lost their masters. Blue hoped his didn't look like that, too. More bullets flew past, and Blue realized Red was making a push. This was it, his final moment. Blue prepared himself, shook the cobwebs out of his head, and tensed his legs for a spring over the sandbar. As he lifted himself up, a blue grabbed his shoulder and pointed out over the ocean. The rescue ship was approaching, slowly yet surely. Day 14, Nairobi Blue stood aside four other blues, the last of his men. Blue Command had given up long ago, and there was talk from the others about going rogue, or "neutral" as it was called by some. Blue didn't think less of them for this. After the epic failure of the invasion of Sao Paulo, Red followed through with an assault that pushed aside the meagre defences left in place at Dakar. Slowly, Red pushed further into Africa, taking Cape Town and Johannesburg, then Cairo. Now, only one area stood, Nairobi. The last word heard from the Blue General was "Red’s Foed". To the east, in Dubai, a sizable army of Green camped, awaiting orders from their enigmatic leader. To the west, the deadly west, a large force of Red sat at Cairo, looking on with a bit of pity on what was left of the once great Blue Empire. Blue looked back at his men, and at the approaching horde. End game. During the last couple weeks of 2009, collected nominations for the Best Tournament of 2009 . After examining the list, 10 tournaments were chosen for a final vote. The Top 3 winners were all very close in the voting, with each officially 1 vote apart. Each winner has received a Contest Medal. The Winning Tournaments: 1.- (14 votes) Tournament: 2008 College Basketball Season Tournament Organizer: flexmaster33 Nominator: denominator Keywords for nomination: Fun, keeping players involved. 2.- (13 votes) Tournament: Around the World in 80 Days Tournament Organizer: stahrgazer Nominator: Lindax Keywords for nomination: Different concept with unknown team mates. 3.- (12 votes) Tournament: Battle for Supremacy Tournament Organizer: barterer2002 Nominator: amazzony Keywords for nomination: Huge tournament and well run. Congratulations to the winners and everyone who hosted a tournament in 2009. Hopefully there will be many exciting ones during 2010. This issue features a pop-quiz that pulled on 5 tournament organizers along with some of the tournaments currently taking sign-ups. Enjoy! Tournament Pop-Quiz by amazzony They have had their battles in numerous tournaments; now I decided to test their skill in a quiz. We have 5 participants who agreed to be part of the friendly battle: Tournament Legend [OP], unique tournament titan Optimus Prime [Bart], excellent Tournament Director barterer2002 [Lx], top tournament organizers/winners Lindax [HA] and HighlanderAttack [Blitz]. Don't take the results too seriously, it's just a fun quiz where I asked everybody to answer honestly and not use help of forums/friends. If it was done, stays on their conscience and following data is also added just for statistics (which is also considered the biggest lie by some) and not for serious conclusions. What I know is that HA answered me 3 minutes after opening his message, OP Blitzaholic maximum 10 minutes after opening it, Lx took about 25 minutes to answer, Bart maximum 30 minutes and Blitz a bit under 4 hours. These are the questions that I asked and in the brackets is the amount of points received for correct answer(s). Who is the Head Tournament Director?  How many different tournament tags are currently used?  Name Top 3 of Multiple Tournament Winners! [max. 3 - 1 for each name] Name Top 3 of Most Tournament Games Created! [max. 3 - 1 for each name] Name Top 3 of Most Tournaments Completed! [max. 3 - 1 for each name] Name Top 3 of Most Tournament Games Played! [max. 3 - 1 for each name] What type of tournaments have been organised the most besides Standard?  What is the date (month+year) when first 2 tournaments were completed?  What is the date (month+year) when most tournaments were completed? What was the number of tournament completed? [2 - 1 for date, 1 for number of tournaments] Here are the correct answers which are taken from Tournament Hall of Fame [HoF], this topic and Blitz's Tourney LOVERS - most games. Maximum points that can be collected is 18. Night Strike 11 or 3 (as I formed the question badly then there can be 2 answers to this questions: either 11 tags from HoF or 3 tags for joining games: to/tot/game) Blitzaholic, HighlanderAttack, killmanic barterer2002, JoJo123, Optimus Prime barterer2002, HighlanderAttack, Blitzaholic HighlanderAttack, acores2005, amazzony Doubles March 2006 November 2009; 99 (December 2009 is also counted correct because it was mentioned in Issue 23 of the Newsletter that most likely December will beat all previous months). Now to the most interesting part - how did the participants answer! Optimus Prime [6 points] Code: Select all (1) Night Strike  (2) 11  (3) Blitzaholic... JOHNNYROCKET24... Godd  (4) Optimus Prime... amazzony... Gilligan  (5) barterer2002... Blitzaholic...  (6) Gilligan... Godd... vykingsfan64 (7) 1 vs 1 (8) June 2006 (9) April 2009... 79 HighlanderAttack [9 points] Code: Select all (1) Night Strike  (2) I am not sure what this is asking so I will say 2 (3) Blitzaholic, HighlanderAttack and killimanic  (4) Gilligan, Barterer, HighlanderAttack  (5) HighlanderAttack, acores2005, Gilligan-not sure of third place  (6) HighlanderAttack, acores2005, Gilligan-not sure of third place  (7) Assassin (8) 12/2006 (9) 12/2009  Lindax [10 points] Code: Select all (1) Night Strike  (2) Not sure I understand the question, but I'll say: 6 (3) Blitzaholic, HighlanderAttack, killmanic  (4) Barterer2002, HighlanderAttack, Blitzaholic  (5) Barterer2002, HighlanderAttack, Blitzaholic  (6) HighlanderAttack, Blitzaholic, JOHNNYROCKET  (7) Doubles/Team  (8) December, 2006 (9) January, 2010, 75 tournaments barterer2002 [13 points] Code: Select all (1) Night Strike  (2) 3 (game, to and tot)  (3) Blitz, Killmanic, Highlanderattack  (4) Bart, OP and HA  (5) Bart OP and HA  (6) HA, killmanic, and diminjarstef  (7) doubles  (8) October 06 (9) November 09 99 tournaments  Blitzaholic [13 points] Code: Select all (1) Night Strike  (2) Not sure, maybe 10? (3) Blitzaholic, Highlanderattack, Killmanic  (4) If there was a recent update I would guess Optimus Prime, Amazzony, Barterer2002  (5) If there was a recent update I would guess Highlanderattack, Barterer2002, Blitzaholic  (6) Highlanderattack, Acores2005, Amazzony  (7) Not sure, I would guess doubles  (8) Hmmm, maybe around May 2006 for both. (9) December 2008 and 78 completed, however, I would guess somewhere in 2009, maybe the Fall of 2009 this was broken due to an explosion of tourneys created So, here they are - results! All participants did well and I want to thank everybody so much for being my guinea pigs! Currently Taking Sign-ups by superkeener Currently Taking Sign-ups Here is a list of tournaments that still have open spots. Click on the link to sign up or to find more information on the tournament. Haiti Benefit Tournament viewtopic.php?f=90&t=106575 Coordinator: Industrial Helix This tournament aims to raise awareness for the earthquake disaster in Haiti. All games are played on the Haiti map with 8-players in each match. The 8 winners of the first round will battle for the tournament trophy. European Timeline Bracket viewtopic.php?f=90&t=107850 Coordinator: kawe85 A big Doubles tournament that that includes the maps of: Imperium Romanum, Europe 1914, and WWII Europe Darin’s 30th Tournament viewtopic.php?f=90&t=107706 Coordinator: Darin44 Darin is celebrating his 30th tournament with style - a tournament with 10 terminator games in each round on random maps. Only open to premium players. Indoor Athletics viewtopic.php?f=90&t=108132 Coordinator: Tupence Inspired by the Indoor Athletics International Match, this 125-player tournament is almost full, so go grab your spot now. The tournament will use a variety of maps. Only open to premium players. Horseshoes and Hand Grenades viewtopic.php?f=90&t=107936 Coordinator: YoursFalsey This tournament will focus on the new Nuclear Spoils, but players will be faced with 1v1 matches, Doubles, Terminator, and Assassin. This tournament has many open spots, and is only open to premium players. Family Game Night Tournament viewtopic.php?f=90&t=108780 Coordinator: ask me2 A tournament that stays true to the theme of its name. Maps featured are: Chinese Checkers, Conquer Four, Conquer Man, and Crossword. Circus Maximus Royal Rumble viewtopic.php?f=90&t=107549 Coordinator: kuma32478 Based on the WWE Royal Rumble, this tournament will feature 3-player terminator games on the Circus Maximus map. Doodle Earth Tourny viewtopic.php?f=90&t=108096 Coordinator: iamkoolerthanu This 64-player tournament on Doodle Earth will consist of 4-player games with the winner advancing to the next round. It’s filling up fast, so go and claim your spot now. During the last two weeks there has been much activity in the Foundry, the Germany revamp competition has just ended, but there's already a new competition running. The melting pot seems more active than ever and the first maps begin to advance through the new process. Talking about the process, in this issue, the second part of the Foundry special about the gameplay workshop. Then, we travel again through the History to discover the "hidden story" behind one of the maps on Conquer Club. Finally, as always, the maps currently in development. Vancouver Competition The Winter Olympics come every four years and are a showcase of athleticism. They bring out the best in athletes striving for a bit of gold. In just a few short days, the torch will arrive in Vancouver and the games will begin. From Cyprus mountain to the Pacific Coliseum, the Olympics will also showcase the best of Vancouver, a fine city, worthy of hosting such an event. In order to celebrate this event, the CC foundry is having an contest of its own. Recently, the Vancouver map was put into live play, but now it is having a bit of a revamp. While the original map is a beautiful piece of artwork, the boys in blue thought that it should be spiced up for the games. A contest is being held where mapmakers can take the original Vancouver map, and make it Olympic themed. The winning map will temporarily replace the current Vancouver map in order to coincide with the 2010 Winter Olympics. You can find more information about the contest here. You can find info about the Olympics here. Foundry Twitter feed Are you always seeking the latest news about the foundry? Don't you want to miss anything foundry related? Don't worry the solution is within reach. Start following the Foundry Twitter feed and you will get the scoop on up and coming maps! http://twitter.com/CCFoundry Beta Maps Fractured America by isaiah40 is available for Beta testing. Atlantis by NemesisChild and Premier2k is waiting to be uploaded. Quenched Maps Our dear chief editor has got his first quenched map. , due to its superb gameplay, is already one of the most popular maps on Conquer Club. WWII Poland After a few small tweaks, the map is now perfect. Congratulations to samuelc812 After a long and careful examination, the was quenched. Third Crusade Map The last update was well received by the community and the new bonuses seem well balanced. With already more than 3000 finished games, the map was finally moved into the viewing gallery. Congratulations to Kabanellas and AndrewB Foundry Special - The Gameplay Workshop by natty_dread Introduction In my last article, I went through the Melting Pot forum where maps are born. In this article we will be focusing on the next step of a map's journey from idea to live play, which is the Gameplay Workshop. Gameplay is probably the most important aspect of a map. A map with balanced and interesting gameplay, even if it is not so interesting graphically, can be a success. But a map with stunning graphics and inferior gameplay will probably be a lot less popular. Of course, the Foundry tries to focus on both aspects of every map. How to start When a map moves from the Melting pot into the Gameplay Workshop, the real development of the map begins. In this phase, most maps already have a clear idea of the direction of development the map is going to take, and a version of the map with all major gameplay features included: territories, bonus areas, legend... In the Gameplay workshop, the whole structure of the map may change several times. This is where the details are honed into perfection. For a beginner mapmaker, the concept may seem frustrating, but it is a necessary part of the Foundry process. First things to consider when designing gameplay for a map are: the number of territories, bonus values, size and amount of bonus areas... which all amount to one thing really: balanced gameplay. Balancing gameplay Balanced gameplay means that games should not be decided by the drop. For example, if you have 48 territories on a map and play a 4 player game, the first one to play his turn will have a clear advantage, as everyone starts with 12 territories, and the first to go can knock one or more players below the limit. But there is more to balancing the gameplay than just deciding the amount of territories on a map. The bonus values need to be considered, and for this several bonus calculators have been developed. Of course the bonus calculator does not give you the absolute truth, and common sense should be used. But it gives the mapmaker an idea where to start. The structure of the map also needs to be considered. Too many bottlenecks for example are not good, but neither is a too open playing field. What can I do to help When it comes to leaving feedback to maps in the Gameplay workshop, mapmakers of course appreciate when you keep your comments to the gameplay side, and ignore the graphics for now. It is not exactly wrong to give comments on the graphics, but gameplay feedback will surely be a lot more appreciated at this point. When giving feedback, think of the map as it would already be in live play. Try to imagine how the gameplay would work on the current version of the map. If you can see any flaws, the mapmaker will surely appreciate you pointing them out, as long as it is done in a polite manner. Iancanton, a moderator in charge of the Gameplay Workshop, has the following to say about leaving gameplay feedback: iancanton wrote: All foundrygoers will have noticed that the main foundry has been split into two workshops: gameplay and graphics. There hasn't been much change of policy, since most maps needed to have the gameplay approved already before the graphics evaluations took place. The split simply makes clearer the current focus of the map: if a map's in the gameplay workshop, then comments on gameplay are most helpful. What's good gameplay feedback? If you're unsure, then have a look first at the guide to giving feedback that's in the tutorials and guides section of the foundry. Early feedback is welcomed by every mapmaker, to prevent him from wasting his time developing something along the wrong lines. If something is wrong with the gameplay, then try to be helpful by suggesting a solution, if you can. The earlier this type of comment comes, the better! gameplayfeedback wrote:i live in ruritania. there are no mountains in the western part of the map gameplayfeedback wrote:48 regions is a bad number for 4-player games. can u merge this and that? gameplayfeedback wrote:let the ship bombard all of the ports, which are too powerful gameplayfeedback wrote:make the auto-deploys start neutral gameplayfeedback wrote:the bonuses are unbalanced. there are too many small bonus zones in the north Not so useful in the gameplay workshop are comments on things that don't relate so much to gameplay. It might sound obvious, but graphics adjustments are best made in the graphics workshop, after the mapmaker knows that the gameplay won't be changing much. Graphics ideas are still welcome, but be aware that the mapmaker may choose to do difficult or substantial graphics changes after he has the gameplay stamp, so that he doesn't have to redraw a fantastic work of art several times just because of gameplay fixes. notgameplay wrote:the borders are pixellated notgameplay wrote:try using a font which looks more medieval notgameplay wrote:put the legend in a wooden frame Now, with all this, you should have a pretty good idea how to help mapmakers who are working on the gameplay of their map. I'd like to urge every one of my readers to visit the Gameplay Workshop, and browse the map threads. See maps that you like? See maps that you don't like? Give them feedback! The Foundry needs your help to produce more quality maps for you to play! That's it for this issue. Stay tuned for the next episode, the Graphics Workshop. History 101 - Route 66 by dolomite13 Route 66 - by oaktown Welcome to Route 66, America's Main Street. This fun map by veteran mapmaker oaktown utilizes an alternate bonus structure of 1 army for every 2 territories held as well as the ability to score a victory by holding the eleven cities along Route 66, from L.A. to Chicago. The visual style of the map takes you back in time to the golden days of Route 66 and makes you feel like your sitting at a diner along that famous road. Be sure to check out this map and get your kicks on Route 66. ROUTE 66 - ROLLING STONES LYRICS wrote:e Well if you ever plan to motor west Just take my way that's the highway that's the best Get your kicks on Route 66 U.S. Route 66 (also known as the Will Rogers Highway, and as "Main Street of America" or the "Mother Road") was one of the original U.S. highways, Route 66, US Highway 66, was established on November 11, 1926. The famous highway originally ran from Chicago, Illinois, through Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California, before ending at Los Angeles, encompassing a total of 2,448 miles. It was recognized in popular culture by both a hit song (written by Bobby Troup and performed by the Nat King Cole Trio and The Rolling Stones, among others) and the Route 66 television show in the 1960s. More recently, the 2006 Disney/Pixar film Cars featured U.S. 66. Route 66 underwent many improvements and realignments over its lifetime, changing its path and overall length. Many of the realignments gave travelers faster or safer routes, or detoured around city congestion. One realignment moved the western endpoint farther west from downtown Los Angeles to Santa Monica. US 66 was officially removed from the United States Highway System on June 27, 1985 after it was decided the route was no longer relevant and had been replaced by the Interstate Highway System. Portions of the road that passed through Illinois, Missouri, New Mexico, and Arizona have been designated a National Scenic Byway of the name "Historic Route 66". It has begun to return to maps in this form. Some portions of the road in southern California have been re-designated "State Route 66", and others bear "Historic Route 66" signs and relevant historic information. Over the years, U.S. Route 66 received many nicknames. Right after Route 66 was commissioned, it was known as "The Great Diagonal Way" because the Chicago-to-Oklahoma City stretch ran northeast to southwest. Later, Route 66 was advertised by the U.S. Highway 66 Association as "The Main Street of America". The title had also been claimed by supporters of U.S. Route 40, but the Route 66 group was more successful. In the John Steinbeck novel The Grapes of Wrath, the highway is called "The Mother Road", its prevailing title today. Lastly, Route 66 was unofficially named "The Will Rogers Highway" by the U.S. Highway 66 Association in 1952, although a sign along the road with that name appeared in the John Ford film, The Grapes of Wrath, which was released in 1940, twelve years before the association gave the road that name. A plaque dedicating the highway to Will Rogers is still located in Santa Monica, California. Map of Route Route 66 overlaid on Google Maps Route 66 Museum in Clinton, Oklahoma The Birth and Death of Route 66 In 1857, Lt. Edward Fitzgerald Beale, a Naval officer in the service of the U.S. Army Topographical Corps, was ordered by the War Department to build a government-funded wagon road across the 35th Parallel. This road became part of U.S. Route 66. Officially, the numerical designation 66 was assigned to the Chicago-to-Los Angeles route in the summer of 1926. With that designation came its acknowledgment as one of the nation's principal east–west arteries. From the outset, public road planners intended U.S. 66 to connect the main streets of rural and urban communities along its course for the most practical of reasons: most small towns had no prior access to a major national thoroughfare. Wigwam motel #6 in Holbrook, AZ. Championed by Tulsa, Oklahoma businessman Cyrus Avery when the first talks about a national highway system began, US 66 was first signed into law in 1927 as one of the original U.S. Highways, although it was not completely paved until 1938. Avery was adamant that the highway have a round number and had proposed number 60 to identify it. A controversy erupted over the number 60. Ultimately Avery settled on "66" (which was unassigned) because he thought the double-digit number would be easy to remember as well as pleasant to say and hear. After the new federal highway system was officially created, Avery called for the establishment of the U.S. Highway 66 Association to promote the complete paving of the highway from end to end and to promote travel down the highway. Traffic grew on the highway because of the geography through which it passed. Much of the highway was essentially flat and this made the highway a popular truck route. The route passed through numerous small towns, and with the growing traffic on the highway, helped create the rise of mom-and-pop businesses, such as service stations, restaurants, and motor courts, all readily accessible to passing motorists. Due to the efforts of the US Highway 66 Association, Route 66 became the first highway to be completely paved in 1938. Several places were dangerous: more than one part of the highway was nicknamed "Bloody 66" and gradually work was done to realign these segments to remove dangerous curves. However, one section just outside Oatman, Arizona was fraught with hairpin turns and was the steepest along the entire route remained as part of Route 66 until 1953. Despite such hazards in some areas, Route 66 continued to be a popular route. During World War II, Route 66, already popular and fully paved, became one of the main routes and also served for moving military equipment. Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri was located near the highway. During its nearly 60-year existence, Route 66 was under constant change. As highway engineering became more sophisticated, engineers constantly sought more direct routes between cities and towns. Increased traffic led to a number of major and minor realignments of US 66 through the years, particularly in the years immediately following World War II when Illinois began widening US 66 to four lanes through virtually the entire state from Chicago to the Mississippi River just east of St. Louis, Missouri, and included bypasses around virtually all of the towns. By the early-to-mid 1950s, Missouri also upgraded its sections of US 66 to four lanes complete with bypasses. Most of the newer four-lane 66 paving in both states was upgraded to freeway status in later years. In 1953, the first major bypassing of US 66 occurred in Oklahoma with the opening of the Turner Turnpike between Tulsa and Oklahoma City. The new 88-mile toll road paralleled US 66 for its entire length and bypassed each of the towns along 66. In some cases the new interstate highway not only paralleled the old Route 66, it actually incorporated much of it. In New Mexico, as in most other states, rural sections of I-40 were to be constructed first with bypasses around cities to come later. However, some business and civic leaders in cities along US 66 were completely opposed to bypassing fearing loss of business and tax revenues. In 1963, the New Mexico Legislature enacted legislation that banned the construction of interstate bypasses around cities by local request. This legislation was short-lived, however, due to pressures from Washington and threat of loss of federal highway funds so it was rescinded by 1965. Originally, highway officials planned for the last section of US 66 to be bypassed by interstates in Texas, but as was the case in many places, lawsuits held up construction of the new interstates. The state of Missouri officially requesting the designation "Interstate 66" for the St. Louis to Oklahoma City section of the route, but it was denied. In 1984, Arizona also saw its final stretch of highway decommissioned with the completion of Interstate 40 just north of Williams, Arizona. Finally, with desertification of the highway by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials the following year, U.S. Route 66 officially ceased to exist. Delgadillo's Snow Cap Drive-In Life After Death Some states have kept the 66 designation for parts of the highway, albeit as state roads. In Missouri, Routes 366, 266, and 66 are all original sections of the highway. State Highway 66 in Oklahoma remains as the alternate "free" route near its turnpikes. "Historic Route 66" runs for a significant distance in and near Flagstaff, Arizona. A surface street stretch between San Bernardino and La Verne to the east of Los Angeles retains its number as State Route 66. The First Route 66 associations were founded in Arizona in 1987 and Missouri in 1989. Other groups in the other Route 66 states soon followed. In 1990, the state of Missouri declared Route 66 in that state a "State Historic Route". The first "Historic Route 66" marker in Missouri was erected on Kearney Street at Glenstone Avenue in Springfield, Missouri. Other historic markers now line the entire 2,400 mile length of road. Many preservation groups have also tried to save and even tried to landmark the old motels and neon signs along the road in different states. In 1999 the National Route 66 Preservation Bill was signed into law by President Bill Clinton, which provided for $10 mln in matching fund grants for preserving and restoring the historic features along the route. In 2008, The World Monuments Fund added Route 66 to its World Monuments Watch list of 100 Most Endangered Sites. Sites along the route, such as gas stations, motels, cafes, trading posts, and drive-in movie theaters are threatened by development in urban areas, and by abandonment and decay in rural areas. As the popularity and mythical stature of Route 66 has continued to grow, demands have begun to mount to improve signage, return Route 66 to road atlases and revive its status as a continuous routing. Along these lines Route 66 has been established as a National Scenic Byway in Illinois, Arizona and New Mexico with National Scenic Byway status pending in Oklahoma and Missouri as of 2007. More Information Wikipedia.org Route 66 Video 4 Minute Tour of Route 66 Maps in Development To see the full sized preview of the following maps just click on the title of the map, to visit the map development thread Melting Pot Recently Design Brief Submissions: Gameplay Workshop Research & Conquer Mapmakers: OliverFA Maybe the most innovative map currently in development. The map premise revolves about adding the Research concept to "normal" CC gameplay. Some initial discussion about the gameplay, but for now is a rather quiet thread. Macedonia Mapmaker: n.n. Description: 42 regions and a standard gameplay for this representation of the small Republic of Macedonia. First Nations of South America Mapmaker: Tisha Description: After the great success of First Nations of North America, tisha is back with the same graphics to represent the southern part of Americas. The discussion is about the regions number. Graphics Workshop Flanders 1302 Mapmaker: DubWarrior Description: Set in the year 1302, when an army of Flemish peasants defeated the knights of the french army, this map has a standard gameplay and a nice graphics. Few nitpicks for the legend and the signature and the map is ready for the Final Forge CRICKET: Silly Mid On Mapmaker: cairnswk Description: A map about cricket, the first map about a sport which is going through the foundry. Recently stamped for gameplay, there's still some discussion about it. German/Italian Unification Mapmaker: Industrial Helix Description: Two maps about the wars of unification that took place int the last half of the 19th century and saw the rise of the united kingdoms of Italy and Germany. Working on mountains Final Forge Monsters! Mapmaker: dolomite13 Description: As a honored wizard you have volunteered to explore the Caverns of Power and retrieve the Powerstones. Recently stamped for graphics. Xml not yet checked. Japan Mapmaker: RedBaron0 Description: Modern Japan with an ancient graphics styleand a standard gameplay. A nice addition for ConquerClub, when quenched. It looks ready. Germany Revamp Mapmaker: WidowMakers Description: The winner map of the germany revamp competition is now in the final forge. The old Germany map with a new look. Power Rankings: Top 10 Clans by Georgerx7di (TSM) Top Clans on CC By Georgerx7di (TSM) In lieu of the up coming Conqueror’s Cup and the controversy over the ladders, I have decided to do a opinion piece on the top clans on CC and personally rank them. As I write about clan wars, I find myself spending more and more time in the “completed challenges” forum, where I have learned a good deal about our clans. In preparing my rankings, I found that the first two spots were easy to fill based on available information. Spots 3-7 seemed to meld together at first and so I had to add more criteria to help me order them. Spots 8-10 were the hardest to fill, there were at least two or three clans that I had to leave off, who perhaps should have made it. So here are the criteria I used to decide who the best clans on CC are: 1. Clan war record. This gives a good indication of how good a clan has been over the life of the clan. 2. Current CLA Season 2 record for the league. This is a good indicator of how good a clan is at the moment, albeit not a perfect indicator. Most of my top 10 list was derived from these two factors and from my own experiences playing these clans. 3. Who the clans won or lost to in clan challenges. 4. Input from experienced clan players. This is important because there are things that I will not have gotten around to looking at, for example people leaving or joining a clan. 5. Win percentage in clan wars. This becomes important when you have two clans who seem very equal. AOD for example lost a clan war to IA by a score of 11-9, that is a lot different then loosing 16-4 and so should not count so strongly against them. Now without further ado, here is (in my opinion) the top ten clans on CC. Top 10 Clans on CC: 1. THOTA THOTA has a 7-0 record in clan wars, by far the best of anyone. Three of their wins were against top ranked opponents. 32-28 over LOW, 53-47 over Imperial Dragoons and 41-19 over Generation 1. The rest are lesser known clans, but its worth noting that their victory over Death by committee was by a score of 35-5. THOTA is also the champion in the first season of the CLA League. 2. TSM The Spanking Monkeys have a 3-0 record, all against top clans. They have defeated The Legion 25-15, Immortal Assassins 22-18 and LOW 34-26. LOW has kind of been the gateway to the top spots, if one could defeat them, then that clan would be ranked in the top 2 or 3 spots. All three of these have been traditionally considered top 10 clans, although The Legion has lost some good players very recently and will not make this top 10 list. The Spanking Monkeys are also leading division 1B in CLA Season 2 at the time of printing. 3. The Odd Fellows Union TOFU has a 3-0 record over some very good clans. They have defeated The Imperial Dragoons 24-16 and Generation 1 25-15. Their third win came over Mythology by a margin of 30-10. I was hesitant to place TOFU so high on the list however because of the fact that they were placed in Division 2 in CLA League. However they have absolutely dominated division 2A (winning 83% of their games!), in a division that includes O&H, EE, and Divine Domination (more on DD below). 4. Immortal Assassins The Immortal Assassins have a 3-1 record in clan wars, including defeats over AOD and BPB. Their only loss is to TSM (above). IA is also in second place in division 1A in this season’s CLA League, ahead of THOTA who is in third place and behind KORT. 5. Legends of War Their 5 wins are pretty impressive. They won a 36-24 match over Empire (ranked 6th on this list) and a 16-8 win over The Untouchables, who would have been considered for the top 10 if the clan were still in existence. LOW also defeated G1 28-12, and crushed PE 25-5. LOW had a record of 5-2 up till recently. Their only losses had come at the hands of the top 2 clans on this list; THOTA 32-28 and TSM 34-26 and are in second place in division 1B, only a half game behind TSM. With all this they might have been 3rd or 4th out of the top 10, however they were recently defeated, and quite soundly, by O&H (see issue 24 of The CC dispatch). With this 3rd loss, many no longer consider LOW to be at the very top. However, as their defeat of Empire, and their cla performance shows, LOW is still a clan to be taken seriously and that is why they earned my number 5 spot. 6. Empire Empire has an impressive 7-1 record including wins over The Legion, The Imperial Dragoons, Nemesis, BSS and a somewhat underrated Agents of Chaos. Empire blasted Nemesis 41-23 handing them their first loss. There are a few other blowout wins, AOC 38-22, The Worlds of the Wort 15-5, however other wins were not so impressive. Empire defeated Black Sheep Squadron 21-19 and The Legion by an even smaller margin 16-15. None the less, had it not been for their loss to LOW, Empire might be ranked in the top 3. Empire has also not been that impressive in CLA League, they currently have a 34-35 record and are 4th place in division 1A. Not an embarrassment by any means, considering that the clan above them in 3rd place is THOTA. Divisions 1A and 1B are filled with most of the best clans on CC, however to be ranked in the top 5 a clan has to be able to shine against this top competition. Empire gets 6th place for me. 7. Knights of the Round Table The Knights of the Round Table seemed to be an all-star team in the making. They recruited many top players and were expected to take the clan world by storm (much in the way that TOFU has). They are leading division 1A, an impressive feat, above IA, THOTA and Empire, however their clan wars have not been as impressive. KORT has a record of 1-0-1. Their first clan war ended in a 15-15 tie against Generation 1, a 3-5-1 clan with most of its losses coming to top clans. KORT came back to win their next clan war over The Brethren of the Fat Mermaid, (see issue 23 of The CC Dispatch) with a score that is currently listed at 38-17 with 5 games still not recorded. The Brethren are a good clan, with players like BoganGod and Draq, however with an 0-3 record it is hard to gauge the value of KORT’s victory over them. For these reasons KORT gets 7th place. Cla aside, they still have not proven themselves to be top 5 quality. 8. Nemesis After jotting down my top 7 clans, it became more difficult to decide who would get the last three spots. So I made a spreadsheet with a few columns. I put a check in one column for every clan that had a winning record in clan wars. Next I put a check next to every clan that had a winning record in CLA. One thing jumped out at me. There were only two clans who were not already on my top 10 list, who had both winning clan records and winning records in the current season of CLA. One was Nemesis, the other was Agents of Chaos (more on them below). Nemesis has a 3-1 record with wins over Mythology, Imperial Britain and Left4Dead; their only loss coming to Empire (above). They also have a 36-28 record in CLA League, good for 4th place in division 1B. 9. Angels of Death Angels of Death (formerly LOD) has an 9-4 record. Their 9 wins are all over mid-level clans, The Brethren or Mythology perhaps being the best of the bunch. Their losses however are mostly to good clans. They were beaten handily 37-23 by The Imperial Dragoons, however their other losses were all nail biters. They lost 23-22 against G1 and 11-9 against IA! Not a bad showing. Their other loss was a 5-4 loss to Freemium Forces in a 9 game clan war which probably should not count. AOD clearly deserves a spot in the top 10 with this record. However their CLA League performance has been less than stellar, 31-33 in division 1A. For this reason, and the absence of any victories over top ranked clans, AOD gets a 9th place rank from me. 10. Imperial Dragoons This was the toughest clan to place on this list. The Imperial Dragoons have a 3-3 record, the only clan on this list that isn't over .500. Surely I couldn’t put ID above Empire (6-1) who defeated ID. Perhaps I could have put them above AOD, who ID had defeated. ID’s losses were all to top clans, THOTA, TOFU and Empire. Their wins were over AOD, Skyforce and a 13 game win over Murder Inc. Overall not bad, and they beat AOD by a margin of 37-23. They also lost to THOTA 53-47, a pretty good showing. However to be considered a top clan one has to win. It’s hard to put a 3-3 clan above a 9-4 clan. Also, ID has a 32-37 record in CLA division 1A, good for 5th place in that division. This tells me that perhaps ID is not as good as they have been in the past. However should they win their current challenge against IA (it's tied at 15-15), I would have to bump them up a couple of spots on the list, perhaps even above KORT. Honorable Mentions: BPB The Bullet Proof Bandits have had an impressive showing in the CLA League, currently 39-25 and in 3rd place in division 1B. On the other hand, their clan war record is a pedestrian 1-1. They have a win over BSS, nothing to sneeze at, but only by a margin of 21-19. Their loss came at the hands of IA, a clan that I think very highly of. In the end two clan challenges just weren't enough to put them above AOD or ID. O&H The Outlaws and Highwaymen officially show a record of 2-2, however their two most recent victories have not been recorded. They will be at 4-2 when their two clan wars finish, including an impressive win over LOW (see issue 24). On the other hand their CLA League performance is a poultry 16-24 in division 2B. Another problem is their two losses. They lost to BSS (a good clan, but not in my top 10) and Divine Domination, a clan playing in their first clan war. O&H would have to be ranked around 11 or 12 at the moment for me. On the other hand, should they win their next clan war against G1 (they currently lead 5-4), this could solidify them as a top 10 contender. AOC I actually consulted some experts on this one. My final two spots had come down to AOD, ID, BPB, O&H, and AOC, and I was seriously considering putting Agents of Chaos in the 9 or 10 spot on the list. They have a 3-1-1 record and are leading their division in CLA League. So why didn’t they make the top 10. For one thing, their three wins all came against very low ranked clans. They had a tie against Mythology, not bad, but Mythology didn’t make the top 10 either. The only top clan that they played was Empire, and they lost that war 38-22. Finally, although they are crushing their division in CLA League (27-13), it is division 2B. For AOC to move up to the top 10, they have to beat a top clan and/or win in division 1 CLA. So although they are a good clan, they still have not proven themselves to be at the very to of CC clan competition. A win against an AOD or Nemesis is probably what it would take to vault them up to the top 10. Rising Star Divine Domination I will end with an up and coming clan to watch for in the future. Divine domination has completed 1 clan war, defeating O&H by a score of 33-27, not bad for a clan’s first challenge. Don’t forget that O&H is the clan that just defeated LOW by a good margin. DD is also in second place in division 2A, with a loosing record albeit (19-21), but every clan in that division has a losing record. TOFU is rolling 2A with an 83% win percentage. However, to be in second place behind TOFU is not a bad spot for a new clan, and they are just a few games shy of being over .500. I suspect that this will be a clan to keep an eye on. Final comments It’s unlikely that anyone will agree on the exact ranking of every clan. Some will place more value on players they know in the clan, or how they think the clan will perform in the future. I went with a system that weighed more on the past and more on winning and loosing clan wars because I felt that one cannot guess how a clan will do in the future. A record on the other hand is something that a clan has proven. And after all, winning clan wars is what we all strive for, not winning percentage. I personally would much rather my clan win 3 wars 21-19 then win 1 war 34-16 and loose 2 wars 19-21. So this is how I graded clans, how many wars did they win and how many they lost. As Bill Belichick, coach of the New England Patriots once said, “Stats are for losers, final scores are for winners”. Conqueror's Cup by laughingcavalier (AoD) COME SHOW WHAT YOUR CLAN IS REALLY MADE OF!! demanded Chuuuuck as he launched the first annual Conqueror's Cup, and within hours he had been joined by CC’s finest, keen to take part in the first knockout inter-clan competition. The contest is on an epic scale with 19 clans competing in a bracket competition. Each contest will constitute a clan war in itself, with 48 games played between clans in the early rounds, and 68 games in each semi and the finals – not to mention games to be played in pre-season qualifiers. Adding all that up, you see the size of Chuuuuck’s vision, and what has got so many clans excited. If all goes to plan, by December over 800 games will have been played. The winners might enjoy a similar status to those who take home the much-coveted title of winner of the only comparable competition, the Clan League. Chuuuuck wrote:One thing is constant in the clan forums, people are arguing over the rankings, who is better than who, and how "Clan A" hasn't really played anyone. Everyone seems to agree that the bigger clan wars that most clans participate in are a good way of judging who is better. So I decided a bracket style tournament where clans don't get to choose who they play, and they play each other in larger clans wars might be the best way to settle "who is the best". Chuuuuck’s own Empire were the first clan in, soon joined by all but a handful of the top clans. The Cup thread quickly made its’ way to the top of the clan forum, as CC heavyweights, notably Incandenza and Foxglove, helped out with planning, and others (you know who you are) began the all-important trash talk. Chuuuuck appreciates the enthusiasm and the help he has received from those in his own clan and beyond, especially TheSpaceCowboy who came up with the name the "Conqueror's Cup" and will be helping with the admin once the tourney gets going. Seeding was decided by vote. Clan leaders ranked the participants, with the results counted together to give each clan their position in the draw. THOTA sit at the top, followed by TOFU, Empire and Immortal Assassins. There were enough surprises to launch a heated debate on where each clan will finish ( Conqueror's Cup Predictions), but all agree they will prove their case where it counts, on the field of battle. Chuuuuck himself is quietly confident about the strengths of his own clan: Chuuuuck wrote:Obviously, I am biased. I think some players feel we are over-rated, but I feel Empire has gotten a lot better over the past year and I personally believe we are under-rated. I feel we will make a strong showing and at least make it to the semi-finals. The first round offers some great match-ups. Legends of War are looking to avenge their recent defeat at the hands of the Outlaws and Highwaymen, while Knights of the Round Table and Generation 1 will play it out for a win after their draw last time up. The pre-season qualifiers kick off on February 17th, as the lower ranked teams duke it out to make the first round proper which is scheduled to start in March. We will be covering the games here. A final comment from the tourney organiser: Chuuuuck wrote: A very big thanks to for everything they do for the clan scene, and a big thanks to the clan community as a whole. Their participation and excitement is what makes this tournament truly exciting. show: Interrogation of pimpdave Q. Hey there Pimpdave A. Hey, thanks for doing this, nagerous. You're one of the coolest people here. Also, thanks for all the work you newsletter folks do. It's a real testament to the strength of the community we've all come to value that this thing happens. Q. What's your favourite colour? A. Green Q. Is your first name Dave or Pimp? A. It is actually neither. My first name is Dr. Octavious Pimpdave McAwesomeFace Q. What does Dave think about you pimping him? A. He actually thinks I've done a really good job. Q. What is the best book you have ever read, and why? A. Catch-22. It breaks my heart and fills it back up. Human nature on parade. Q. Did you manage to get Sergei hooked up? A. Fortunately for you, I'm pretty sure Sergei is still single, so you should drop him a line. I'll tell him you are in love with him for you. Because I'm a good friend like that. You can call him at 867-5309. He'd love to hear from you. Q. How many accounts have you had on Conquer Club? A. Current estimates place the number over 9000. Q. By what was your tenure at McGill University marked? A. Inventions, primarily. Q. Why is it the most powerful Uni ever? A. Because power was invented there in 1863. Q.When did McGill University invent you? A. Immediately after inventing the concept of being completely awesome which then was transmuted to me because it had to manifest as something. Q. What is your favourite song? You can tell a suprising amount about a person with just that one question! A. Well, if that's the case, you'll have to let me throw down like, 5, if you're going to read into it so much. That sort of thing changes often, but I can list 5 songs that have resonated with me over the years and that I can sing along to flawlessly. Let Down- Radiohead Big Time- Peter Gabriel Eulogy- tool Geek U.S.A.- Smashing Pumpkins The First Time- U2 Q. What year(s) did you attend McGill? A. Yes Q. In what faculty? A. Executive Vice President of Determining Inventions Q. How many babes did you make while there? A. What does make "babes mean"? Is that illegal? How did you hear about that? I mean, I'm not at liberty to discuss any top secret synthetic babe manufacturing that may or may not have been invented at McGill University during my tenure. Q. Is Canadian beer as good as they say it is? A. It's okay. Q. Who invented hockey? A. Some dudes on Long Island. SUCKERS. Q. Did you know that everything was invented at McGill University, including McGill University? A. Except for hockey and football, you jackasses, yes. Q. Do you think the space-time continuum would be torn asunder because everything was invented at McGill University? A. No, why would it be? Q. Where's Waldo? A. http://maps.google.co.uk/maps?f=q&sll=5 ... 0000000024 Q. You're a GH member now, so I must ask: do you feel lucky punk? A. Not in general. Q. Do you have any diseases or physical traits that hinder you in any way? A. Yes, I suffer from the condition known as "the much too sexy". This presents many beautiful women hindering my path with their pleas for my attention. Q. What are your favorite parts of your body and personality? What are your least favorites? A. All of them. Q. If you HAD to commit suicide, how would you do it? A. If I HAD to commit suicide, it would be because I am a spy who has been captured, so I'd pop a cyanide pill to prevent my breaking under interrogation (everybody breaks). Q. Do you have any deeply disturbing memories? A. Everyone does. Q. What is the purpose/meaning of your life? A. … Q. Have you ever had any thoughts about being a woman? A. Not really. Not like I ever wanted to be one, but I've tried to put myself in their shoes on occasion. Q. What is your favorite song? Band? Singer/songwriter? A. The Roots Q.What is your favorite fast food? Favorite item? A. In N' Out Burger, but that might just be because I only have it when I go out to the West Coast, so it seems more special. As for stuff near me, I like Wendy's, if I have to have fast food, because of the (probably incorrect) perception that it's the most healthful one. I like California style burgers. Q. What is your favorite sit-in restaurant, and item? A. It's not a chain. I eat too much red meat, but my favorite is buffalo, be it burgers, steak or whatever. Buffalo meat is so good and lean. I'm also a big fan of any kind of food I've never tried before. I like trying food from all different cultures and locations. Q. What is your favorite movie? Genre? Director? Actor? A. Heat, Gone Baby Gone, Yojimbo, Three Kings, The Departed. Director: Michael Mann; Actor: They're all cattle, but I have a huge crush Christina Hendricks Q. What is your favorite TV show? Writer? Actor? A. The Wire; David Simon and Ed Burns, especially when Dennis Lehane does an episode. Q. What is your favorite book? Writer? A. Catch-22, as I said. Favorite writer right now is Dennis Lehane. Q. What is your favorite game? Format? A. Memoir '44. Q. If you could choose, what would be your last words? A. I'm going home. Q. If you have one, who is/was your favorite American president? A. Abraham Lincoln. For reasons too personal to post here. Q. What is your favorite war of all time? A. Star Wars. Q. Do you think that you enjoy answering questions more, less, or about as much as Juan_Bottom or Snorri1234? A. Caring about this question was invented at McGill University in the year shut up. Q. Would you trade a blastoise for a pikachu? A. WAT. Would this be before or after I gave you a super-mega-nuclear noogie for being such a huge dork? J/K LOL! SAX ATTAK! Q. What is the average wing-speed velocity of a swallow, either African or European? A. Depends on whether that swallow is above, below, or at the equator, but it's at least 9,000 miles per second. Q. What is your favorite past time altogether? A. Informing the world of all the glorious achievements of McGill University. Q. If you were able to choose exactly, how would you prefer to die? A. Saving someone else's life. And yes, there is someone in particular I wish I could go back and save in my place. Q. If you had to part with a piece of your body, what would it be? A. Wisdom teeth. Oops too late. Q. If you had to live out the plot of a horror movie, what would it be? A. 28 Days Later Q. What is your favorite car? Make, model, and/or year? A. '68 Mustang Boss in Bullitt Green. Since those are hard to come by, I'll settle for a BMW 5 series in black. Q. Do you think MaleAlphaThree's list of question is the list he submits to babes on dating sites? A. I don't know, but I do think it's copypasta. Q. What is your favorite map and why? A. I like New World because it's a cool concept, and I've never won on it yet. I also like Battle of Actium. I don't know why, I just think it's cool. Oh, and the Prison one is pretty cool too, but that's just because Juan_Bottom is a great teammate to have on that map, and I remember the games I've played with him there very fondly. In conclusion, DBC IS GREATEST CLAN IN ALL OF CONQUER CLUB, ALL OTHER CLANS HAVE INFERIOR FUN. Q. If you got randomly selected to go to Mars would you? A. If it meant my name went down in history as a hero like Neil Armstrong, then absolutely. Otherwise, I'd have to think about it. Q. Will you be attending a Muse show during their current North American tour? A. Not this time, but I've seen them live before, and they are awesome. Q. What level is your Blastoise? A. Seriously, I'm gonna give you a wedgie. Q. How many bitches are you pimping currently? A. None. I don't pimp bitches. That is disrespectful to women and I do not do that. (psst, bitches, get at me if you wanna make some money!) Q. What is the nature of your relationship with #1_stunna? A. He's one of my multis. Along with the other obvious ones, like Snorri, killing.44, saxitoxin, and Twill. Q. What are your complete thoughts on the #1_stunna and Beckytheblondie scandal? A. Teenage angst has paid off well, now I'm bored and old. Q. How many dogs do you own? Cats? Walruses? TVs? Microwaves? Women? J/K LOL! SAX ATTAK! A. One. One. None. One. Nine thousand. Forty two. LOL, I LOVE YOU. Q. Thanks for your time pimpdave! A. Well, I hope I've made you regret spending it reading this! Stay Tuned for the next issue of the ConquerClub Dispatch for an interrogation of . Post any questions you may have for them here --> Interrogation with thegreekdog Submitting Your Own Articles If you have a story you think the ConquerClub Community would find interesting, you can submit your articles to . If the CC Dispatch Team enjoy it than you may just see your article published in the Newsletter! Did you enjoy this Issue? Have you subscribed to the Newsletter yet? If you want each and every issue of the ConquerClub Dispatch delivered right into your Inbox, then Subscibe Here! ConquerClub Dispatch Team
Nice N Easy Grocery Shoppes has no fear of going out on a limb. In the face of dwindling cigarette sales—the chain has seen its carton sales cut in half over the past five years due to intense competition and painfully high excise taxes—the Canastota, NY-based chain dove headfirst into foodservice in 1999 as a means of ensuring its future. The company began with one subbrand that evolved into another then another, until its stores were a sea of offers with no clear direction. President John MacDougall and Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer Fran Duskiewicz knew that even though they had great programs, the programs lacked cohesion. So they hired a "food Ph.D.," Dr. Jack Cushman, as vice president of foodservice. Cushman pulled the entire offer under the Mama Mia’s Classic Pizza umbrella and fine-tuned the offerings. As a result, the company has watched food sales skyrocket to more than $20,000 a week in some stores. At about the same time, the company was looking to revamp its overall store image. Standing at the threshold of a new millennium, the chain wanted to showcase its new and improved foodservice offer, but it also wanted to update the logo and image that customers have embraced for 20 years. Nice N Easy went off on its own and tried its hand at design. The company made a bold move by tearing down and rebuilding its most profitable store. When the dust settled, the chain realized it had fallen just short of what it had intended to accomplish. Again, the company sought outside help to bring its true vision to life. At the close of what has been a five-year process, Nice N Easy readies to celebrate its 25th anniversary with a decidedly different "face" to its customers. A helping hand The decision to tear down and rebuild its most profitable store—an interstate location in Tully, NY, that had the highest gas volumes and merchandise sales in the 82-store chain—was driven by a commitment to customers. But good intentions weren’t enough to execute the project as planned. "Tully has always been our No. 1 store," says MacDougall. "It was a big deal when we went to tear it down and redesign it. [The store] was doing really well before we tore it down, but we felt we were under-serving our customers. When we finished with the store, a colleague came in and pointed out that it was a beautiful store, but it didn’t look as if it was complete—there’s a lot of good foodservice stuff in there, but there’s nothing really tying it all together. Honestly, we had to agree." The Tully store had the makings of an improved image; the design set off the coolers, the coffee bar (which is on the opposite side of the store) and the foodservice offer with different colors, and wood treatments gave the store a more "polished" look. But the colleague was right: The store simply fell short of MacDougall’s grand vision. The experience left Nice N Easy at a creative loss. In the company’s search for the "wow" factor, it sought additional help from a professional design firm, Group Red. The outside assistance has made all the difference. "We learned that we’re good at designing programs and nice-looking buildings out of quality materials, but we didn’t have that," says Duskiewicz. "Contractors will build nice, sturdy buildings, but they have finishers come in on all the final details. That’s what we needed. We were building beautiful stores, but we needed to bring a finisher in for all those little touches that would make someone go ‘Oooh, this is nice.’ Those little things mean a lot." Group Red rode Nice N Easy’s stores to get a feel for what the chain was trying to accomplish. The company quickly turned ideas into visual images that could be discussed. Group Red kept Nice N Easy focused on the minutiae— exactly what it was missing—until the team settled on a finished look for the inside of the store. In the end, the chain had a brand new reworking of its logo and fonts, and an overall foodservice identity called the Easy Street Eatery, complete with its own logo. Ideas were completed just in time to be implemented in a new ground-up store in Manlius, NY, and Nice N Easy felt that if it liked how it looked, then it would work its way backwards through the company. The Wegmans of c-stores The Manlius store represented another-bold move on Nice N Easy’s part. The company typically focused its stores in rural, middle-income communities, and Manlius was located in a highincome area. If Nice N Easy was going to invest in a whole new look for its stores, it wanted to see if it could cater to a higher-income customer. "We knew [Manlius] was an important store to do this in," says Duskiewicz. "We generally avoided high-income areas—we just never thought customers in those communities would be a good fit for us. But because it was new territory, it forced us to do a lot of research." The only competition for Nice N Easy in Manlius was a Wegmans supermarket and a few stores in the village, located at a difficult S-turn where traffic often bottlenecks. Nice N Easy chose a more remote location to give residents a new route for their morning coffee. In an effort to court the upscale Wegmans supermarket customers, the chain felt it necessary to see what they wanted in a Nice N Easy store. The company took a two-pronged approach to getting inside customers’ heads. First came an exchange of information with ACNielsen. "Since we planned on serving Wegmans customers, we actually tried to make a c-store version, so when their customers shopped here they’d feel right at home," says Duskiewicz. "We sell our scan data to ACNielsen, so they made available to us Wegmans scan data along with Home Panel Data, which showed us where the Wegmans customer shopped when they weren’t shopping in Wegmans. Lo and behold, we found these higher-income shoppers were just as interested in bargains as everyone else was: They were shopping in dollar stores. We knew they were looking for deals, so we have a dollar section in this store. But they also like things to look upscale, so we tried to incorporate all of that into this location." Then Nice N Easy went directly to the customer. It surveyed the community to see how the chain could customize the store to fit consumers’ needs. The survey consisted of 15 questions about services, products, food and car wash. About 2,500 mailers went out to the general community with the promise of a $10 gas gift certificate for those that responded. In the two-year period between when the mailers went out and when the store opened, 1,700 responses came back to Nice N Easy’s office. It was expensive, but MacDougall feels it made all the difference. "The cost of the promotion was about $17,000," he says. "But it’s not unusual to spend anywhere from $5,000 to $6,000 for regular grand opening festivities. This promotion really got the store flying from day one, because they knew this store was made with them specifically in mind." The end result The differences between the Manlius store and the Tully store are striking. In the Manlius store, colorful, captivating graphics set off the different sections with color-coded signage, featuring detailed roadmaps of the area. And each section has a phrase like "satisfy your hunger" or "brighten your day" that the company labored over with its design partner, Group Red. "[Group Red] prodded us until it was perfect," says Duskiewicz of the New York-based firm. "They made us focus on the exact message we wanted to put out there. Then they came back with 10 diffe rent combinations with a repeating arc and theme. It’s a small detail, but then again, it’s those details that we needed the most help with." The canopy of the Manlius store mirrors the peaked atrium at the front of the store—the brainchild of MacDougall and soon to be a trademark of Nice N Easy. The canopy and store also have shingled roofs, another upscale touch. Aside from integrating a dollar store concept amid its grocery offer, Nice N Easy also plucked other gems from the Wegmans data and the community input. Nice N Easy has taken its fill-in grocery offer to the next level by offering full meal solutions for customers. From frozen meats like steaks, chicken, shrimp, beef patties and pork chops and sides to accompany it, to frozen pizzas and appetizers, the store provides meal solutions for families at affordable prices. "In many communities, our stores are the only place for folks to shop," says MacDougall. "We want to give them everything they would need to make a meal for their family. And we’re competitively priced—$3.69 per pound for turkey breast, and $4.99 per pound for beef strip steaks." For the past several years, Nice N Easy has also begun concentrating on fresh produce. It recently added Produce Manager Samuel A. Magari, Jr. to its foodservice team. He will oversee the fresh produce program now being offered in several Nice N Easy locations. Open beverage cases with juice and single-serve water are another recent addition to both Tully and Manlius, and will be part of the chain’s plans going forward. According to MacDougall, sales greatly improved when they opened the cases up for easier customer access— open-faced coolers filled with low-carb products resulted in at least a 15% lift in sales. Waist-high cases for ice cream and frozen foods run through the store, too. Manlius is also the first store to offer customers Wi-Fi access in its seating area. MacDougall feels it was absolutely necessary for customers—and well worth the cost he describes as "not that expensive." The chain hopes to have six more Wi-Fi-equipped stores in 2005. The price of success Nice N Easy spent $1.25 million to tear down and rebuild the Tully store. It will cost an additional $5,000 to give it the finishing touches that are so prominent at the Manlius store, but even now the store has exceeded the company’s expectations. The store opened back up for business in December 2003. So far, it is producing foodservice sales that exceed most other store’s total inside sales, and it has maintained its gas volumes thanks to tourist traffic. "Tully was a huge risk because for years Tully had been our busiest and most profitable store," says Duskiewicz. "And to tear down your busiest and most profitable store can be a scary thing. But we did it and opened up right in time for our new fiscal year—beginning of December last year. And essentially it hasn’t been a problem. Our payroll and sales both went up dramatically, but the difference between the increase of those two more than made up for the increased cost of the building. So we essentially held our profit, which is remarkable. "Tully and Manlius were both completed-[in 2004], and that’s two huge projectsfor us to get done in a year," Duskiewicz adds. "And to take this critical image leap from one store to the next was a ton of work. But we previewed this new image to our 50 franchisees and they’re all real excited about it. So now we’re setting up a retrofit schedule to see how we can take the look and get it in place in as many stores as we can." Nice N Easy’s next generation The Manlius store isn’t just Nice N Easy’s first attempt at servicing a highincome community; it’s also going to be the chain’s first venture in real estate development. For $1.2 million, Nice N Easy President John MacDougall purchased the eight acres the store sits on, with the intention of creating a small retail site on the property as well. To date, a bank is connected to the store’s parking lot by a small access drive. For the future, the chain has a 16,000 sq. ft. space to the side and behind the store pegged for use by other retail tenants. Several companies are interested, one being a drug store that understands there are certain rules to follow. "There are a number of companies that are interested in getting on our lot," says Fran Duskiewicz, Nice N Easy’s executive vice president/CFO. "There’s a local flower shop that is slated to go in the retail site, as well as a candy shop. The site right next door to us is the other big retail site. We’ve gotten unsolicited calls from drug store chains to get on that site, and we said ‘sure’ as long as they’re willing to accept our deed restrictions. And if you get a well-known drug store next to you that’s not competing on some key items, you’ll get a lot of traffic." Because Nice N Easy can’t sell liquor or wine in its stores, the chain is also in talks with a liquor store, which could end up being the first Nice N Easy Liquors. "The fact that we opened up and have been hugely successful since day one has made this whole site more valuable to anyone who wants to get out there," says Duskiewicz. "It’s really paid off for [MacDougall]. It was a big investment for the land, but it’s going to work out with the success of the store and the development of retail." The property that will one day house the retail site is owned by Little John LLC. MacDougall sees it as "a little project" for his family; whatever earnings the retail site garners will go into an account bearing the names of his grandkids. Glass and Brass Nice N Easy delved into foodservice to make up for shrinking cigarette profits.-Beginning with a pizza program that went by the name Mama Mia’s, Nice N Easy then moved onto a breakfast program called Egg On The Go, then On The Go sandwich/sub program, then PJ Dogger Hot Dogs and finally Grand Choice Caf for coffee and bakery. Before long, the chain realized it was inundating customers with too many brand messages. In order to get foodservice under control, the chain followed Sheetz’s example and hired itself a foodservice "guru" in Jack Cushman. Cushman had his work cut out for him. While the existing programs under the Mama Mia’s Classic Pizza umbrella all showed promise, they lacked a certain "sameness," which made them a real challenge to promote. "When I started five years ago, we didn’t want to invent new programs," says Cushman. "These were good, profitable programs that customers responded to. Our stores were simply cluttered with messages along with the typical c-store fare of chips and beer. We wanted to get all the brands corralled under one name so our customers could identify with the programs as a whole. "So we worked to place the brands under the name Easy Street Eatery," he continues. "The menu hasn’t really changed, but the props have. It doesn’t seem like a big deal to just change the name, but when you look at the sales, you see that image and name actually play a big role." Whenever Nice N Easy adds foodservice to a store, its goal is to have the category represent 25% to 30% of sales. As soon as the changes were made to the Manlius store, it saw foodservice sales jump as high as 36% of in-store sales. The store has exceeded the chain’s pre-construction estimates of $10,000 a week in food sales. Manlius is the first store to feature the completely redesigned foodservice offer. One of the main design elements that gave Easy Street its edge was what Cushman calls "glass and brass." The food preparation area is separated fro But not every store will bear the Easy Street Eatery brand. The brand is reserved for stores that offer a full-blown foodservice offer, meaning it has to carry all Nice N Easy sub-brands. Most importantly, stores need to offer made-to-order sandwiches. As Nice N Easy proceeds with its retrofit schedule, Cushman would like to see at least a dozen of the chain’s 82 stores fitted with the Easy Street label. Group Red has offered an alternate plan so that the new look can be used in older stores, rather than having to knock them down and rebuild. And with each new build he hopes to improve on the operational flow. And while Cushman is the "commander" of the foodservice offer, Nice N Easy has recruited strong "foot soldiers" in each store. Each time the chain puts foodservice programs into a store, it goes out and hires restaurant managers. "They know how to run foodservice because they’ve managed restaurants in the past," says Fran Duskiewicz, executive vice president/CFO. "So [Cushman] and the people who work for him at least can speak the same language."
Rebirth of Slick: Why Design Is Cool and Why It Will Make People Love Your Company, 5/15 at 11:00 AM Companies like Apple, BMW, Whole Food Stores and Target are proving that design isn’t only cool it’s profitable. In this session we will explore how design goes beyond marketing messages, advertising, PR and social media to help you create a strong brand and culture with well-regarded products and/or services. Trustee Hall 303 Design & Usability 5-15-2012 11:00 AM - 12:30 PM (1.50 hr) - The myths about design and its place in business/marketing strategy. - The limitations of the commonly accepted view of design. - Why building a design culture is good business. - How design establishes a relation with consumers. - The difference between design as a skill and design as a process.
Cheddar's Casual Cafe will be opening today at site of the old University Mall. - Filed Under For months we've been eyeballing the new building being constructed at 7173 N. Davis Highway and it finally opens today. Cheddar's Casual Café is filling the 2.1 acres in front of the old University Mall and will have 170 parking places with a seating capacity of 296. Cheddar's decor includes copper awnings, reclaimed Chicago brick (some of which may be more than 100 years old), Austin chalk stone from a Texas quarry, solid cherry and walnut butcher block tabletops, a solid granite bar top, and a 400-gallon fish tank. ...
Looking for more facts about Babara Pacey? In that case, you’ve come to the right place because USA People Search provides data such as address, phone number, and email for people such as Babara Pacey. Moreover, our huge selection of information for people with the last name Pacey will ensure that you find the person you are searching for. We make it easier to find the Babara you are seeking by organizing our data into different categories – name/aliases, age, location and possible relatives. This allows you to scan the list of people with the last name Pacey below and find the right match. If you succeed in finding a listing that is similar to the Babara Pacey you are searching for, just click on the View Details link to the right of the listing and read up on all the data we have on the individual. If it’s difficult for you to find the Babara you require, you can search again with the help of the search box above. Using another spelling variation may also help your search, as will keying in the person’s full name, if you know it. Once you find the right Babara Pacey, go through the details page to see all the data we provide.
Robar Unity Tactical Atom Adaptor Aclean sight installation is always eye-catching and Robar’s melding of the Unity Tactical ATOM Adaptor (made exclusively for Robar to a 1911 slide) is simply beautifully done. While adapting red dot micro sights to semi-autos has been around for some time, the sights and mounts are only just now getting to the point it makes solid sense. At least to me. In this case, Robar’s combination of the Trijicon RM06 RMR (Ruggedized Miniature Reflex) sight with the ATOM Adaptor has created a bullet-proof combo that can actually withstand combat conditions. In a police duty holster or a soldier’s gunbelt, this tough-as-nails duo is nearly impervious to anything tossed at it. Robar’s attention to detail and gunsmithing skill means the installation is clean, reliable and trustworthy. As you read this, it’s available on your own slide, with prices corresponding to standard shop set-up labor due to the differences in 1911 slide specs. In the future, they may offer a slide already outfitted with the adaptor, however the slide would need to be fitted to your existing frame. Or hey … you could simply have Robar build you a new gun based on the modified slide! As a die-hard iron sight guy, I always look at this sort of thing with a wary eye. But this combination of “toughest in the class” dot sight with this innovative mounting system, all put together by the industry leaders at Robar caused me to rethink this whole technology upgrade. Maybe you should too. For more info: http://americanhandgunner.com/company/robar-companies-inc (623) 581-2648. By Roy Huntington
Is Dallas a good food town? A debate that has been waged across dinner tables and blog comment sections. No matter which side of the fence you fall on, ask yourself this question: how was the debate framed? Most likely, you discussed restaurants. Is our BBQ as good as the Hill Country? Is our Italian up to snuff? Is our sushi really as good as NYC and LA? All valid questions. But restaurants alone do not a food culture make! Markets are an integral part of any food culture. And guess what – Dallas has fantastic independent markets in every part of the city. This is not meant as an indictment of the “gourmet” grocery stores that have sprung up across the Metroplex. They do offer some combination of convenience and quality. But they can’t replicate a market. Let’s put it this way: My market, TJ’s Fresh Seafood Market, has been in business 22 years, most of it next to Whole Foods. Clearly someone thinks there is a difference between a grocery store and a market! So what is the difference ? Markets are small businesses which can’t deal with turnover like big corporations. Many of Dallas’ markets have had the same core staff working for years. My first job was at Kuby’s 15 years ago. I still see the same faces when I walk in today. You think there is a jagwurst question they haven’t been asked? Market staffs are experienced and knowledgable. It’s “Farm To Table,” not “Farm To Central Distribution Warehouse To Table” Grocery stores tend to order in large quantities. Product often go to a distribution center and then are shipped out to individual stores. Markets tend to order in small quantities right to their location. Produce, meat, dairy…it’s almost always going to be fresher in a market. Where Everybody Knows Your Name It’s damned hard for an independent market today! So you should get fantastic personal service – or the market will be out of business. Become a regular and they’ll probably remember your name. They’ll remember your favorite items, email you when something you like (or they think you’d like) comes in. Walk into Veritas Wine Room a few times and they’ll remember your name – even when you can’t. If You Seek Unique… Try finding Miso Happy Chocolate with red miso, tahini and black sesame anywhere but Dude, Sweet Chocolate. Thumann’s natural casing hot dogs anywhere but Hirsch’s Specialty Meats & Sausages. Pastosa Fresh Pasta (flown in from Brooklyn) anywhere but Jimmy’s Food Store. Pure Ground’s Fresh Chevre anywhere but Scardellos? Support our local markets. It’s fun, its old school, its hip, it’s fresh and chances are you might find a new favorite food…or make a new friend who will feed you really well. Jon Alexis is the owner of TJ’s Fresh Seafood Market and one of the very few fishmongers in Dallas. He is also a regular contributer to craveDFW.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Elenchus may refer to: - Elenchus (brachiopod), a genus of brachiopods that is a synonym of Weiningia - Elenchus (insect), a parasitic insects genus in the family Elenchidae - Elenchus (book), a third-century book also known as Refutation of All Heresies - Method of elenchus, a form of debate that is the central technique of the Socratic method |This disambiguation page lists articles associated with the title Elenchus. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.
June 14, 2012 Two Tech teams honored by NCAA with APR Public Recognition Awards Tennessee Tech’s softball and women’s golf teams are among those who received Public Recognition Awards Thursday from the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) for top academic performance. May 24, 2012 Junior Katherine Bell named MVP of women's golf squad Katherine Bell has been named the Most Valuable Player of the Tennessee Tech women's golf team, and several additional team awards were announced this week by head coach Polk Brown to wrap up the 2011-12 season. April 24, 2012 Golden Eagles finish sixth at OVC Women's Golf Championship The Tennessee Tech women's golf team wrapped up the 2012 season with a sixth place finish at the Ohio Valley Conference Championships, closing play Tuesday at the GreyStone Golf Club in Dickson. Brandy VanEtten was the team's top finisher. April 23, 2012 Golden Eagles in sixth place after two days at OVC Women's Golf Tournament Brandy VanEtten is in 14th place overall individually as Tennessee Tech broke a tie with Eastern Illinois and moved alone into sixth place with one final round remaining Tuesday at the OVC Women's Golf Championships. April 22, 2012 Tech gets early start Sunday at OVC Women's Golf Championship Tennessee Tech golfers will be the first off the tee Sunday morning at the Ohio Valley Conference championship tournament, being held at GreyStone Golf Course in Dickson. Katy Beth Glover gets the tourney underway at 8 a.m. April 22, 2012 Golden Eagles tied for sixth after first day at OVC Tournament Brandy VanEtten is in 11th place individually, but the first day of the OVC Women's Golf Tournament didn't go as Tennessee Tech had hoped as the Golden Eagles are tied for sixth place with two rounds remaining. April 10, 2012 Shepherd, Randolph represent Tech at Samford Intercollegiate Amber Shepherd and Amanda Randolph wrapped up play Tuesday as individual entries in the Samford Intercollegiate. The pair were the only Golden Eagles able to compete due to illness and injuries. April 9, 2012 Shepherd, Randolph only two playing at Samford Intercollegiate Amber Shepherd is tied for 21st place and Amanda Randolph is tied for 46th, the only two members of the Tennessee Tech women's golf team able to play this week in the Samford Intercollegiate. Injuries and illness have sidelined the remainder of the Golden Eagle squad. April 7, 2012 Golden Eagles at Samford Intercollegiate for final OVC Tourney tuneup This week's play in the Samford Intercollegiate is the final tuneup for the Tennessee Tech women's golf team before the Ohio Valley Conference Tournament. April 4, 2012 Amber Shepherd shares OVC Golfer of the Week honor Tennessee Tech's Amber Shepherd earned her first all-tournament honor on Tuesday, and Wednesday was named as the Ohio Valley Conference co-Golfer of the Week, another first for the Golden Eagle sophomore. April 3, 2012 Shepherd earns first all-tournament honor, Tech places sixth at Belmont Invitational Sophomore Amber Shepherd earned her first career all-tournament honor with a fifth place individual showing and the Tennessee Tech women's golf team finished sixth in the Belmont Invitational Tuesday at Old Hickory Country Club. April 2, 2012 Old Hickory: Tech tees off Monday morning in Belmont Invitational The Tennessee Tech women's golf team is in Nashville to begin play Monday morning in the Belmont Invitational. The 36-hole event will feature seven schools at the Old Hickory Country Club. April 2, 2012 Shepherd in second place heading to final round at Old Hickory Sophomore Amber Shepherd is tied for second place with an even-par 72 in Monday's first round of the Belmont Women's Invitational at Old Hickory Country Club. Tech is in sixth place in the team standings heading into the final round Tuesday. March 26, 2012 Final-round push gives Golden Eagles strong finish The Tennessee Tech women’s golf team sliced 13 strokes off its first-round score to finish strong in Monday’s final round at the Low Country Intercollegiate at Moss Creek Plantation. March 25, 2012 Bell leads Golden Eagles at Low Country Intercollegiate Katherine Bell shot a first-round 81 to lead Tennessee Tech in the first round of the Low Country Intercollegiate on Sunday at Moss Creek Plantation. March 24, 2012 Carolina in my mind: Golden Eagles prep for Low Country Intercollegiate Less than a week after completing play at the 2012 Pinehurst Challenge, Tennessee Tech will return to the Carolinas to compete in the Low Country Intercollegiate Sunday and Monday in Hilton Head, S.C. March 20, 2012 Tech rallies, moves up two spots in final round at Pinehurst Tennessee Tech finished strong at the 2012 Pinehurst Challenge on Tuesday, moving up two slots to secure a 15th place finish against strong competition from throughout the Southeast. March 19, 2012 Bell leads Golden Eagles on first day at Pinehurst Tennessee Tech struggled against stiff competition in the first day of play at the 2012 Pinehurst Challenge on Monday, shooting a combined score of 642 through two rounds of play. March 18, 2012 After long break, Golden Eagles resume play at historic Pinehurst Tennessee Tech's women's golf team will get to play at one of the game's most storied venues this week as it takes part in the 2012 Pinehurst Spring Challenge. February 20, 2012 Golden Eagles finish runner-up, VanEtten places 10th Tennessee Tech completed a strong start to the 2012 season on Monday, maintaining Sunday’s second-place spot to finish runner-up at the BSC Ann Rhoads Invitational. February 19, 2012 Tech one stroke out of lead after first day of Ann Rhoads Invitational Amanda Randolph and Brandy VanEtten are both tied for second place, one shot off the lead, and the Tennessee Tech women's golf team is in second place among the 16 teams at the Ann Rhaods Invitational, also one stroke behind the leader. February 17, 2012 Golden Eagles open season Sunday at Ann Rhoads Invitational The Tennessee Tech women’s golf team will get the 2012 spring schedule underway this weekend when it plays in the Ann Rhoads Invitational, hosted by Birmingham Southern College. February 7, 2012 Golden Eagles announce 2012 schedule, look for strong start For Tennessee Tech women’s golf coach Polk Brown, success in 2012 begins with Day One. Brown announced the team's schedule this week, with the first meet set for Feb. 19-20 in Birmingham. February 2, 2012 Tech men, women picked fifth in OVC preseason golf poll Tennessee Tech’s men’s and women’s golf teams were both pegged for middle-of-the-pack finishes in the Ohio Valley Conference in the league's preseason poll released Thursday. December 1, 2011 Polk Brown inks five newcomers to join Golden Eagle golf teams First-year golf coach Polk Brown has announced the addition of five signees who will join the Tennessee Tech golf teams in 2012-13, with two newcomers for the women's team and three on the men's. November 1, 2011 Tech takes seventh in fall finale at UAB Fall Beach Blast Tennessee Tech’s women’s golf team moved up two spots from ninth to seventh place in the second and final round of the UAB Fall Beach Blast on Tuesday, wrapping up their fall season. October 31, 2011 VanEtten leads Tech at UAB Fall Beach Blast Tennessee Tech sat in ninth place out of 11 teams after one round at the UAB Fall Beach Blast on Monday behind a 79 from Brandy VanEtten. October 29, 2011 UAB Fall Beach Blast promises beautiful conditions for Golden Eagles Tennessee Tech’s women’s golf team will be in search of a warmer climate as it wraps up its fall season at the UAB Beach Blast beginning Monday in Gulf Shores, Ala. October 17, 2011 Getting to know Brandy VanEtten Take a look into the personality of TTU women's golfer Brandy VanEtten. The sophomore describes why she loves the game of golf, why she adores Tim Tebow, and which facial expression she can never make. October 12, 2011 Stallings Dinner sold out; Guests to bid on exciting items Guests who attend the sold out dinner Friday night in recognition of PGA Tour champion Scott Stallings will have an opportunity to bid on some outstanding items during a Silent Auction at the event. October 11, 2011 Golden Eagles finish seventh at F&M Bank APSU Intercollegiate Amber Shepherd shot a second-round 75 to lead Tennessee Tech in closing out the F&M Bank APSU Intercollegiate Tuesday at The Links at Novadell. October 10, 2011 VanEtten, Everts shoot 75, lead Tech after one round Brandy VanEtten and Madalyn Everts both fired first-round 75s to lead Tennessee Tech Monday at the F&M Bank APSU Intercollegiate at The Links at Novadell. October 8, 2011 Flat, links-style course awaits Golden Eagles at F&M Bank APSU Intercollegiate With the fall schedule winding down, the Tennessee Tech women’s golf team will head to a site at which they have enjoyed past success on Monday and Tuesday. September 20, 2011 Everts continues strong play, leads Tech in final round at Great Smokies Freshman Madalyn Everts tied her career-best round, firing a two-over 74 to lead Tennessee Tech in the final round of the Great Smokies Intercollegiate Tuesday at Waynesville Inn Golf Resort & Spa. September 19, 2011 Golden Eagles hang tough in tight field at Great Smokies Intercollegiate Katherine Bell shot a one-over 73 to lead Tennessee Tech in the first round of the Great Smokies Intercollegiate at Waynesville Inn Golf Resort and Spa. September 18, 2011 Golden Eagles hope to build on past successes at Great Smokies Invitational A 23-team field awaits Tennessee Tech at the Great Smokies Invitational, the squad’s third tournament of the 2011 fall season, on Monday. September 13, 2011 Everts leads strong final-round push, Tech finishes sixth After entering the final round of the Drake Creek Invitational in a sixth-place tie with Western Kentucky, Tennessee Tech bested the Hilltoppers by nine strokes Tuesday morning to slide into sole possession of a sixth-place finish out of 10 schools at Murray State’s home event. September 12, 2011 Golden Eagles in tie for sixth after two rounds at Drake Creek Invitational Tennessee Tech teed off its second tournament of the fall season Monday under warm and sunny conditions on the banks of the Ohio River at Murray State’s Drake Creek Invitational. September 11, 2011 Tech women to tee off at Drake Creek Invitational The Tennessee Tech women’s golf team is hoping for fairer weather at the Drake Creek Invitational on Monday and Tuesday after rain canceled the final two rounds of the squad’s season-opening event last weekend. September 7, 2011 Tech golf to host "An Evening with PGA Champion Scott Stallings" PGA Tour professional and Tennessee Tech alumnus Scott Stallings is coming home to Cookeville for an evening in mid-October. Fans and supporters are invited to the event, but must reserve seats by Monday, Oct. 3. September 6, 2011 Final round rained out at Chris Banister Classic The final round of the Chris Banister Gamecock Golf Classic was rained out Tuesday, leaving Tennessee Tech with a sixth place finish out of eight teams in its first tournament of the 2011 fall season. September 5, 2011 Second day rained out, Tech in sixth heading into final round at JSU After opening play in sixth place at the Chris Banister Classic Sunday, the Tennessee Tech women's golf team spent Monday watching the second round get washed out. The final round is scheduled for Tuesday. September 2, 2011 Golden Eagles set for fall opener at Chris Banister Classic Polk Brown will make his coaching debut when the Tennessee Tech women’s golf team begins its fall season Sunday at Jacksonville State’s Chris Banister Golf Classic. August 16, 2011 Tech golf teams to play on familiar courses during 2011 fall season The Tennessee Tech women's and men's golf teams will be teeing it up on several familiar courses this fall when first-year head coach Polk Brown takes the Golden Eagles through the 2011 fall schedules. August 6, 2011 Golden Eagle golf adds one men's, one women's signee to fall rosters The Tennessee Tech men’s and women’s golf teams have each added a name to their 2011-12 rosters. July 21, 2011 Polk Brown named men's and women's golf head coach, Peni Austin new assistant Former Golden Eagle player Polk Brown has been named as the head women’s and men’s golf coach at Tennessee Tech University, while Peni (Davis) Austin has been named assistant coach for both teams.
Sony 7.1 Channel Black 3D AV Receiver, Model STRDH720 Entertainment at its finest. Take full advantage of the STR-DH720's 7.1-channels of surround sound with a 3D A/V receiver capable of upscaling your media from analog to full 1080i HD via HDMI™3. Tap into a world of endless entertainment and play music, movies, games and more on your high-definition components including your Blu-ray Disc™ player or PS3™. No less than 6 HD inputs (4 HDMI™ and 2 component) with standby pass-through mean you can operate all of your HDMI connected devices without even powering on the receiver. Dolby® TrueHD, Pro logic IIz and dts® HD decoding technologies allow your audio to come through loud and clear. Operate it all with ease using the on-screen - iPod®/iPhone® video and music playback (via USB) Listen to music and watch video stored on your iPod® or iPhone® while charging - 6 HD Inputs Get versatile HD connection options with six HD inputs. Four HDMI™ inputs (up to 1080/24p capable) let you connect a Sony® PlayStation® 3 entertainment system, Blu-ray Disc™ player, and any 2 other HDMI-capable devices, for high definition video and audio.6 Two component inputs (1080/60i capable) provide added HD-capable connectivity and versatility. - 3D Pass-through Compatible with Blu-ray 3D™ movies, video games and other 3D content - Upconvert/Upscale video signal to near HD via HDMI™ Improve image quality of analog connected devices to near HD.3 Analog connected device signals are converted to digital and output via HDMI™, making one cable connection from the receiver to the HDMI-enabled TV possible. - HD Digital Cinema Sound™ Optimize your receiver to mimic the sound characteristics of Sony Pictures. - Audio Return Channel Eliminate the need for extra cables connected to your TV. This feature allows audio to be sent from your compatible TV to your receiver through the same HDMI™ cable already being used to send audio and video to your TV. - BRAVIA Widget Control Connect to select Sony 2011 Televisions and experience an integrated user interface on-screen. Enabling on-screen feedback and control function. - Digital Cinema Auto Calibration - Quick Speaker Set UpEnsure you get the best sound experience from your A/V receiver and speakers with Digital Cinema Auto Calibration. Simply place the included microphone where you will be seated and settings are automatically optimized based on the distance, delays and placement of your speakers. - BRAVIA® Sync Capable Conveniently operate and control select Sony® BRAVIA® Sync devices with one remote including: Sony Blu-ray Disc™ Players, BRAVIA® HDTVs, Sony home theater - Standby pass-through of Audio & Video Conveniently access all your HDMI™ connected devices without having to power on the receiver. - Assignable digital audio and video inputs Get the most out of each audio and video input with the ability to reassign inputs to support connected devices. - 24p True Cinema™ (pass-through) Watch Blu-ray Disc™ movies in their native frame rate (24 frames per second) when paired with a 24p HDTV and playback device like a Blu-ray Disc™ Player or PlayStation® 3 gaming console via HDMI™ cable. - (8Ohms 1kHz) THD : 1% - (8Ohms 20-20kHz) THD : 0.09% - 8Ohms 1kHz : 105W + 105W - 8Ohms 20-20kHz : 95W + 95W - Output Power (JEITA 10%)/ Rated Output Power(0.09% 20Hz-20kHz 4Ohm) : 10% - Output Power (JEITA 10%)/Rated Output Power(0.09% 20Hz-20kHz 8Ohm) : 140W - 4 Ohm/8 Ohm Switching : 8 Ohm only - Advanced Auto Volume : Yes - Analog Direct : Yes - Number of amp. channels : 7ch (Sub must be self powered) - Speaker Selector : A Speakers only - Speaker Terminal : Front(Screw)/Others(Push) - Sub Woofer X' Over : 17 points (40-200Hz) - Analog Audio Out : 0 - Headphone Out : Yes(Gold) - Pre Out (Subwoofer) : 1 - A/V In: Including Front AV : 3 - Component Video In : 2 - HDMI In (Front In) : 4 - Center : Yes - Front A (L/R) : Yes - Front High (L/R)/ Surround Back for Common Use : Yes - Surround (L/R) : Yes - Surround Back (L/R) : Yes - A/V Out (inc. Monitor Out) : 1 - Component Video Out (inc. Monitor Out) : 1 - HDMI Out : 1 - Front (Bass/Treble) : Yes/Yes - Analog Audio In (Inc TV CEC)/Out (excl. tuner)/TV (CEC) : 2/Yes - Coax. : 1 - Opt. In/Out/TV (CEC): incl Front input & TV (CEC) : 2/yes - USB : 1(Front:iPhone/WM) - 96k/24Bit PCM : Yes - DTS / DTS-ES (Matrix6.1 / Discrete6.1) : Yes/Yes - DTS 96/24/ DTS NEO:6 : Yes/Yes - DTS HD MA/ DTS HD HR : Yes/Yes - Dolby Digital EX/ Dolby Digital : Yes/Yes - Dolby Dual Mono : Yes - Dolby Prologic/II /Iix /Iiz : Yes/Yes/Yes/Yes - Dolby TruHD/Dolby Digital + : Yes/Yes - LPCM (2CH/5.1CH/7.1CH) thru HDMI : Yes(Yes/Yes/Yes) - 2ch : Yes - A.F.D. Auto : Yes - Analog Direct : Yes - Church : Yes - Concert Hall : Yes - Digital Concert Hall A/B : Yes - HD-D.C.S. : Yes - Headphone 2ch : Yes - Headphone Direct : Yes - Headphone Multi : Yes - Jass Club : Yes - Multi Stereo : Yes - Neo:6 Music : Yes - PLII Movie : Yes - PLII Music : Yes - PLIIx Movie : Yes - PLIIx Music : Yes - PLIIz Height : Yes - Portable Audio Enhancer : Yes - Sports : Yes - Stadium : Yes - Auto Tuning : Yes - Direct Tuning : Yes(RM) - FM/AM : Yes/Yes Preset Channel (Sirius/XM/FM/AM) : TTL60 (-/-/30/30) - Station Name : Yes - HDMI Pass Through : Yes - Theater Mode Selector : Yes - Video Up Converter (Analog -< Component/HDMI) : Yes/Yes - Video Up Scaler (Analog- A/V Sync Features - A/V SYNC : Yes(Fixed) - A/V Sync Sampling Freequency : 48kHz - A/V Sync Time(msec) : 60msec - A/V Sync auto mode : No - Band : 6 - D.C.A.C. EX / Advanced D.C.A.C. / D.C.A.C. : D.C.A.C. - Grade(Gold/Silver/Bronze) : Silver - Mic : MONO - Assignable Component Video IN : Yes - Assignable HDMI Video IN : Yes - Auto Standby : Yes - Digital Input Assign : Yes - GUI : Yes (Simple) - GUI Blending INPUT (from: Composite/Component/HDMI) : Yes(Yes/Yes/-) - GUI Blending OUTPUT (to: Composite/Component/HDMI) : Yes (HDMI) - GUI Language : English - Pin Jack : Nickel - Power Requirement : 120V 60Hz - Remote Commander : RM-AAU106 - Sleep Timer : Yes - iPod Browsing with System (via USB) : VIDEO/MUSIC - Height: 6.25" - Width: 17" - Depth: 12.75" - Unit: 18 lbs - Shipping: 30 lbs - Manufacturer Warranty (authorized online retailer): One Year arts - Extended Service Warranty Available: Click the warranty tab above - 3D viewing requires 3D content, 3D HDTV, a high speed HDMI™ cable (supporting at least 10.2 Gbps) connection, and other 3D accessories (including 3D glasses). - Dolby® True-HD and dts®-HD Master Audio decoding require HDMI™ cable and capable source device (both sold separately). - Requires connection via HDMI™ cable (sold separately) to equivalent HDTV. Upscaled/upconverted image and sound quality will vary depending on source. - Works with other BRAVIA® Sync or Theatre Sync™ labeled home audio/video products when connected via HDMI™ interface. - iPod® support is limited to the following players: iPod touch®, iPod classic®, iPod nano® 1st, 2nd & 3rd generation, iPod® 4th& 5th generation & iPod mini and iPhone 3G, 3Gs and 4G models. iPhone or iPod video playback is supported with an optional cable sold separately. - HDMI™ cable required, sold separately. - Requires sources connected with HDMI™ cables (sold separately). Sound Quality will vary depending on source. - Can be used only when receiver is connected to a Sony XBR-EX620, EX630, EX720, EX820, EX830, NX830, HX820, HX830, or HX930 series BRAVIA HDTV via HDMI™ cable (sold separately).
The Baby Birds and Bees A recent article by Associated Press stated that a certain King Middle School in Portland, Maine decided to make birth control pills available for its students. That’s right, Middle School. The Apostolate of Being Words are not enough. In order to live sanctity we need living models. For that reason, God the Father sent us his son, Jesus. He also invites us to mirror Christ. Indeed, the greatest apostolate is to embody Jesus Christ as perfectly as possible. More than I Want to Know If we were to listen to what goes on in the locker room at halftime of a NBA game, either television folks would have to do a lot of bleeping or we would have to develop a new tolerance for profanity. Surely, neither would make the game more enjoyable. Immaculate Conception Young girl of faith from Galilee: so human, so prone to motherhood, craving life, yearning Yahweh to see a world more softened. Marian Strategy Apostolic mission: the role of the Rosary prayer when pursuing holiness. And Now, a Word from Whose Sponsors? “Appropriate” is a word that has fallen out of use – and application. Advertisers and television networks ought to exercise a little judgment about what is proper to show. The Vocation of Mary This is a festival of the mother of God whose skin is brown, red, and yellow as well as white. This is also a day to celebrate the diversity that God, the Creator has gifted us with. A Contemporary Christmas Carol Each one of us has this time of Christmas to discover someone in need, someone who is sad, someone who is looking for Christ. And so often we learn that we really don’t have to look that far.
Bosch 25618BL Impactor Cordless Impact Driver - Body Only Cordless Lithium-Ion 18V Impact Driver with L-BOXX Carrying Case See LARGER IMAGE - 25618BL Reciprocating Saw - Exact-Fit Tool Insert Tray - Two 6" Bi-Metal Blades - L-BOXX Carrying Case - Battery Voltage: 18 Volt - Drive: 1/4" Hex Quick Release - No-load RPM: 0-2,800 - No-load BPM: 0-3,200 - Max Torque: 1,500 in-lbs - Weight: 3.3 lbs - 25-Percent lighter than the competition. - Most compact - 25-Percent shorter than the competition The most compact design - Only 5-7/10-Inch Long. - Faster and more torque - 2,800 RPM and 1,500 Inch/lbs of torque. - Custom Exact-Fit Tool Inlays - Customized inserts that hold individual tools in place with room underneath to keep other items, such as bits, batteries, chargers and more. - Tool Only (battery not included).
It’s a standard piece of cynicism that the addition of a qualifier to a field of study means that said study ends up not being in that field at all. “Social justice” is, for example, quite divorced from the usual standards of “justice”, “social sciences” are not known for their adherence to the strictures of “science”. And it appears that we need to add another to our list, “educational” economics seems not to be about economics. The background is that in Australia there’s a debate about what interest rate ought to be charged to students on the loans they take out to go to university. One “educational” economist has insisted that the idea of fixing that interest rate to that on government bonds will lead to poorer earners paying much more over the life of their loans than those with higher incomes. Something that’s entirely true by the way, as higher earners will pay off the loans more swiftly. But to look at such loans purely on the interest to be paid might be an accounting exercise, might even be a useful banking exercise, but it’s not obviously an economic report. The federal government is expected to ditch one of its most controversial budget measures – the plan to apply real interest rate to student debts – following advice from the architect of the HECS repayment scheme that it is unfair to poor graduates. Detailed modelling by leading education economist Bruce Chapman has found poor graduates could pay 30 per cent more for a degree than their high-income counterparts if the government indexes student debts at the government bond rate rather than inflation. In more detail: Professor Chapman’s modelling found low-income graduates (those in the bottom 30 per cent of earners) would amass total repayments of $105,000 from a starting debt of $60,000 under the government’s plan. By contrast, high-income graduates (those in the top 25 per cent of earners) would pay only $75,000 in total repayments on the same debt – $30,000 less than low-income earners. Graduates on a median salary would pay around $82,000 in repayments on the same starting debt. All of that is entirely true: simply because repayments are linked to earnings. The more you earn the more you pay back of the debt each month or year and thus the faster you pay off the outstanding principal. And it’s hardly a surprise that the longer you borrow money for the more interest you pay: no one at all complains that we pay more interest on a 30 year mortgage than we do on a 15 year one. But this is an accounting or possibly even a banking treatment of the question, not an economic one, for it manages to miss two highly relevant economic points. The first being that this idea that we want people to go to university is that they will become more productive as a result of going to university. If people take out a loan to become mining engineers and then go and make $200,000 a year in the mines then we think that’s great. Value is being added in the form of human capital and the whole society becomes richer. But if someone takes out $60,000 in loans to then go and become a diversity adviser earning a very much smaller sum then it’s not at all obvious that this is a good deal for society. Has enough value been added to cover that capital investment? And of course it is exactly this difficulty in the valuation of different degrees which leads to the idea that students should borrow themselves for their education rather than taxpayers paying for it all. Put the decision about whether going to university or not, also the one of what to study, into the hands of the person who both gains the benefits and also has to carry the costs. Which leads to us being quite happy with the idea that the costs to do a course that leads to a low productivity career are higher than the costs of doing something more productive. For recall, the more productive all of our fellows are the richer we all are collectively. That’s actually the argument in favour of having an education system at all. Which is our first economics point: we like a system that encourages people to decide upon high productivity courses and careers rather than low productivity ones. The second economic point is that there’s a great gaping hole in the analysis. That hole being “tax”. The point being that Australia has a progressive income tax system. Someone in the top 25% of the income distribution, that person who pays off that student loan faster and thus pays less interest, is going to be paying income tax at a marginal rate of 37 to 45%. That person who is in that bottom 30% of earners will be paying that same tax at marginal rates of nothing through 19% to 32.5%. So because we’ve already got a progressive income tax system we’ve already dealt with the idea that the rich pay more. We don’t thus need to be adjusting interest rates on loans: we’ve already dealt with that inherent unfairness of some people being able to earn more money than others. All of which is where this distinction between “educational” economics and economics itself seems to come in. As Bastiat told us, the point of economics, even of an economist, is to look at the things that are hidden. And it’s not as if the existence of the income tax system should come as a surprise to anyone. But apparently it does if someone looks at the system of financing university education and manages to entirely overlook this salient point, that the country already has a progressive income tax system.
The time has come to draw a line in the sand on extreme poverty. We have the resources and the will. What we no longer have is any excuse for inaction. On August 15, I signed into law House Bill 4369, which establishes the Commission on the Elimination of Poverty in the state of Illinois. The stated goal of the new body is to create a plan to cut extreme poverty in Illinois in half by the year 2015. By combining achievable goals with a comprehensive approach to poverty, I believe this Commission can move Illinois even further into the forefront in the national movement against poverty, and establish Illinois as the model state for others to emulate. The Commission will focus on those who live in extreme poverty, defined as 50 percent of the federal poverty line, or an income of merely $11,000 per year for a family of four. According to the Heartland Alliance for Human Needs and Human Rights, 700,000 Illinoisans live in extreme poverty, 150,000 of whom are aged 12-24. Confronting extreme poverty demands more than making up for an unacceptable shortfall in the means required to achieve a reasonable standard of living. It also means we need to stand with those children and young adults whose fragile futures we have the power to shape. To provide opportunities for these families to work themselves out of poverty is both to help provide them what they need stay alive today as well as to provide them with the tools and opportunities to thrive tomorrow. Every person has a right to a safe place to live, adequate healthcare, food, and decent educational and employment opportunities. Because a quality life has so many dimensions, we have structured our new Commission to focus on eight key areas: - Affordable housing - Food and nutrition - Affordable and quality health care - Equal access to quality education - Dependable and affordable transportation - Quality and affordable child care - Opportunities to engage in sustainable work that pays a living wage - Availability of adequate income supports We already know that you can’t just give people a hand-out and expect them to succeed. These eight areas acknowledge that we need to cover people’s basic needs and, at the same time, that we can never make serious inroads into poverty until we open up to everyone the tried and tested pathways to success. A deeper look at rising poverty levels in Illinois shows why we need to take a broader approach: in the last 10 years, low-income students have risen from 36.3 percent to 40.9 percent of the total enrollment and this year alone has witnessed a 4 percent increase in the number of households that receive Food Stamps. These are problems we can conquer, but only if take into account – and address – the many factors of poverty. One reason we are creating this Commission is to ensure that the Illinois has a long-term plan. The political will exists to do something about poverty and so it is equally important to develop an approach that can garner support from both sides of the aisle. When everyone can agree that we must act to reduce poverty, there is no time to let politics overwhelm initiative. This bill, which passed unanimously in both the Illinois House and Senate, mandates that the Commission represent all points of view. I will appoint five members, the Lieutenant Governor will appoint one, and then the House Majority and Minority Leaders and the Senate Majority and Minority Leaders will appoint five each for a total of 26. This gives us confidence that when the Commission does develop a plan, it will be one that all of Illinois can get behind. We have allowed extreme poverty to persist for far too long. I am proud to say that the creation of this Commission is an important first step in remedying that inaction. We have now made a firm commitment to identifying and implementing policies that will greatly reduce the number of Illinoisans living in poverty. I hope that we can inspire other states and communities to follow suit, and pledge to dramatically reduce poverty in the coming years. These goals are not always easy, but they are within reach. It will require hard work and determination to halve the number of people living in extreme poverty by 2015. Yet it is a deadline that all Illinoisans can now await with optimism and hope. Viewpoints in this section solely represent the authors’ opinions and not the opinions of "Spotlight on Poverty and Opportunity."
Sweet Petals Florist of Temecula provides many years of experience, knowledge and talent with designing WEDDING flowers and arrangements. Our brides tell us time and again how they appreciate our ability to transform their vision into reality exactly as they want and so much more! Sweet Petals is among the top wedding florists in Southern California. We particulary cater to WEDDINGS in the Temecula and Fallbrook areas. At Sweet Petals we are very passionate about wedding flowers, designs and arrangements. We strive to make your wedding flower arrangements eye-catching and memorable. Our committment is to offer you the BEST floral arrangements and wedding flowers available anywhere and we make sure that your wedding flowers are "More than you Dreamed!" Sweet Petals Florist prides itself in giving each Wedding and Event undivided personal attention, professional touch and glamour by providing beautiful, sophisticated floral arrangements and designs. Unlike many local florists who rely on FTD and TeleFlora's generic arrangements; Sweet Petals Florists provides customized solutions for all of your wedding flowers and arrangements done the way YOU want! We personally hand pick all flowers that go into your arrangements which will provide you with the freshest flowers available! Sweet Petals does not have pre-determined formulas for your arrangements which will make your wedding flower designs truly special and unique. Petals Florist is located in Temecula near the gateway of Temecula's beautiful wine country. We design, deliver and setup weddings and events for all wineries and venues in Temecula including Falkner, Long Shadow Ranch, Callaway, Palomar, Bel Vino, Europa Village, South Coast, Ponte, Wiens, Wilson Creek, Keyways, Leoness, Lake Oak Meadows, Temecula Creek Inn, Harveston, Pala Mesa, Grand Traditions, Los Willows and all others. NOW accepting deposits for the 2015 Wedding Season! Available dates are going quickly, please don't delay! Call (951) 972-0337 or email us at email@example.com Recent Custom Bridal Bouquets....by Sweet Petals Florist Please visit our BLOG page for more pictures and testimonials Sweet Petals Florist EMAIL
Narrow down the 425 results: We have a range of budget places to stay in Hanoi from as low as £3 per night Based on previous Hanoi accommodation searches, the average starting price is £22 Want to splurge? At the top end in Hanoi, we have 78 places to stay with prices starting at £47 x The average starting price for a place to stay in Hanoi is £22 per night. 10 Chan Cam Hoan KiemOutstanding 100% No 8 Do Duc Duc Road Me Tri, Tu Liem DistrictOutstanding 100% 99 Ma May Street Hoan Kiem DistrictOutstanding 97% 32 Lo Su Street Old Quarter, Hoan KiemOutstanding 100% 98 Hang Gai Street Hoan Kiem DistrictOutstanding 100% No 4 Hang Giay Str Hoan Kiem DistOutstanding 95% 94 Ma May St., Old Quarter Hoan Kiem Dist.Outstanding 100% 28 Bat Su Str Hang Bo, Hoan KiemOutstanding 95% 4A To Tich Street Hoan Kiem DistrictOutstanding 100% 8 Ly Thai To StreetExcellent 93% 106 Hang Bong Str. Hoan Kiem DistrictOutstanding 100% Create your own travel plan including Hanoi as one of your stops. You can use it to store all your research (even hotels found on other websites!) Do you have questions about Hanoi? You might try asking in our active travel forums and see if anyone else has been there. Keep your family and friends up to date with your trip by starting your own travel blog!
Nicely application-level wrapper for anti-virus software. Ruby gem to interact with ClamAV daemon(Clamd) Fancy messaging library for Ruby Clamp provides an object-model for command-line utilities. It handles parsing of comman... Ruby wrapper for ClamAV's clamscan/clamdscan. Clamshell allows you to setup shell statements which configure you... Ruby wrapper for generating a single pdf for multiple contexts from an odt template. Command Line Analytics A ruby command line tool for storing encrypted passwords on *nix systems rendezvous hashing implementation based on murmur3 hash Clap is a small library that can be bundled with your command line application. It cove... Description of Clarc. Come on now, man, you're making me nervous. Come on, you can't do this! Don't mess arou... Hiera backend for decrypting encrypted yaml properties (Fix for Issue #62) Clarifier is a stopwords library for removing common words from text Use the Clarify API to make your audio and video files searchable in just a few lines o... Clarity - a log search tool By John Tajima & Tobi Lütke Clarity is a Splunk like web i... Clarity tracking number generator Customized website to avoid start working every new site from scratch A powerful reporting engine for Rails apps. A simple hello world gem Clarus makes a ruby library o create word 2003 compatible documents. A diff based testing framework for static sites. Identifier-based locking with deadlock detection A scraper for classification.gov.au Allows you to write controller actions as classes, rather than methods. ClassAd wraps the Hash object with code to create an xml doc representing a Condor ClassAd Provides attr_accessor style methods for easily creating methods for working with c... ClassBrowser is an interactive class browser that lets you view the current ObjectSpace...
Re: The yeoman and Sergeant The Shakespeare Conference: SHK 11.1279 Friday, 23 June 2000. From: John Ramsay < Date: Friday, 23 Jun 2000 00:58:15 -0400 Subject: 11.1255 Re: The yeoman and Sergeant Comment: Re: SHK 11.1255 Re: The yeoman and Sergeant Hi, Sean, the young, mentally disturbed soldier did kill some members of the Quebec Legislative Assembly with his army issue sub-machine gun. The Sergeant at Arms was a Lt Colonel in WWII. He bravely walked into the chamber, persuaded the soldier that he outranked him and got him to surrender the weapon. The Sgt at Arms received a civilian medal to go with his WWII ones and died a few years later. The killer was released last year after serving about 13 years.
Tony Perotti Leather Executive Money Clip with Credit Card Slots Durable and strong with a soft feel and matted finish. The Prima Executive Money Clip with Credit Card Slots has a style and quality that can only be achieved by Tony Perotti and Genuine full-grain Italian Leather. Prima Executive Money Clip with Credit Card Slots, from our Green Collection, has a spring tension clip and gusset for currency, as well as credit card slots. The Italian Master Tanners from Tony Perotti have developed a complete vegetable tanning technique which respects the environment. Crafted from ultra-durable Italian full-grain leather and hand-dyed using an eco-friendly tanning process, the Green Collection from Tony Perotti is renowned for its uniqueness and outstanding quality! - 3 Credit Card Slots - Spring Tension Clip - Currency Gusset Dimensions: 4.0"L x 2.75"W x 0.25"H; Weight: 0.5 lb
Ultracapacitors: the future of electric cars or the 'cold fusion' of autovation? ZENN Motors says its electric car will cruise for 250 miles on a single five-minute charge. Skeptics cry shenanigans. Ian Clifford wants to start a global revolution by building a practical, everyday car with no gasoline engine, no batteries, and no emissions. While big Detroit automakers ponder a future plug-in car that goes 40 miles on a battery charge before its gas engine kicks in, Mr. Clifford's tiny ZENN Motor, a Toronto maker of low-speed electric cars, announced in March that it will build a new highway-speed (80 m.p.h.) model that goes 250 miles on a charge – and can recharge in just five minutes. Having no batteries, the new "cityZENN" model will use a breakthrough version of a common electrical storage device called an ultracapacitor to store power from a wall socket, the company says. Fuel costs to operate it would be about one-tenth of today's gas-powered vehicle. If that astounding claim is real (and there are many skeptics), it could revolutionize automotive travel by making all-electric cars competitive with gas-powered vehicles and easing the world's dependence on oil. "The big problem has always been the battery and its limits," says Clifford, ZENN's founder and CEO in a phone interview. "This new technology is a 180-degree shift that represents the end of fossil fuel as a transportation fuel." That's because the same ultracapacitor technology could be used across the grid to provide cheap electric storage for wind and solar power, he says. In turn, this process could power millions of ultracapacitor vehicles with no emissions at all. With the cars' fast-charge capability, recharging stations could pop up to help make even longer trips routine. Ultracapacitors – also called supercapacitors – are more powerful cousins of the basic capacitor. With activated carbon at their core to act as a sponge for electrons, ultracapacitors can absorb power – or send a charge – far faster than batteries. They are also far more durable. First used in the 1960s, ultracapacitors today are widely found in electronic devices such as computers. In cameras, they retract and expand zoom lens. Yet the power stored by today's ultracapacitors is still only about 5 percent as much as a modern lithium-ion battery, far too little to power a car by themselves. The reported breakthrough was made by ZENN's business partner EEStor, a Cedar Park, Texas, firm headed by respected computer industry veteran Richard Weir, who's named on the company's patent. The company is now nearing commercial production of its new "electrical energy storage unit" or EESU, Clifford says. But privately held EEStor has had little to say publicly or to the press – and that secretiveness has inspired incredulity among many debating the topic on Internet forums. But in a break with that tradition, Tom Weir, the company's vice president and general manager, responded to e-mailed questions. "EEStor's technology has the opportunity to touch every aspect of daily life from very big to very small devices," Mr. Weir writes. "We also see a whole new generation of products ... based around our technology." Added credibility arrived with the January announcement by Lockheed Martin, the big defense company, of an agreement to use EEStor technology for military and homeland security applications. It refers to the EEStor "ceramic battery" providing "10 times the energy density of lead-acid batteries at 1/10th the weight and volume." In 2005, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers sunk $3 million into EEStor. ZENN also invested $3 million and will get exclusive rights to retrofit vehicles with the system – and produce new mid-size cars using EESUs. According to EEStor's patent application, the breakthrough is based on a technically arduous process of purifying and fabricating units with barium titanate, a material known to retain vast amounts of power. "The main feature of the EESU is the charge and dis-charge at electric speed," Weir writes. "This is a key enabling factor for the advancement of the next generation of vehicles. Another feature is the amount of power the EESU can store. Lastly, the EESU is expected to be considered fully 'green.' " But some bloggers call the purported breakthrough pure hype, today's version of "cold fusion," the still-theoretical energy source announced in 1989. At least some analysts and researchers, though skeptical, seem reluctant to dismiss entirely the possibility that EEStor could be onto something significant. "I'm sure they do have a technology, but skepticism revolves around the fact that nobody knows much about it," says Anu Cherian, an analyst who tracks the $100 million global ultracapacitor market for Frost & Sullivan, a growth consulting company. "The ZENN car looks to be an exciting development. But there's a lot of hype in the market." Other ultracapacitor experts won't dismiss EEStor's claim despite technical challenges. "It would be unfair to make an analogy between what EEStor is doing and cold fusion," says Joel Schindall, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor who is using nanotechnology to improve ultracapacitors. "I don't doubt that they have built a device on a small scale that does store the amounts of energy they are talking about. I just don't know if they can manage the process of scaling it up ... for commercial applications." Dr. Schindall and his colleagues hope soon to demonstrate a fivefold boost in ultracapacitor energy storage to up to 25 percent of the energy storage capacity of a lithium battery – and someday up to 50 percent – using a different approach to the problem. Such significant advances would make ultracapacitors viable in vehicles, though they still fall far short of Clifford's claims about EESU. Making commercial quantities of EESUs could prove challenging since even tiny impurities and defects in manufacturing could result in "a violent discharge," Schindall notes. Safety is a huge issue for energy storage in vehicles whether powered by gasoline, ethanol, hydrogen, batteries – or ultracapacitors. High-capacity lithium-ion battery research for cars, for instance, is focused on ensuring those devices don't burst into flames. EEStor has ensured that its new ultracapacitor will be safe if damaged in a crash by "instantly discharging to ground," Clifford says. Skeptics don't bother him, he says, because "we've seen this product with our own eyes." "We've had a great 100-year run with petroleum," Clifford says. "But the time has come for all of us to come to our senses now and realize that the electric-powered era for cars has finally arrived." Comments from EEStor Much of the rampant skepticism on the Internet over whether or not EEStor has had a breakthrough in automotive propulsion stems from the company's reticence to speak or to demonstrate its product publicly. Only a handful of press releases have been issued since the company was formed, and press reports have rarely included any direct quotes from company managers. Below are comments from a Monitor e-mail interview with Tom Weir, vice president and general manager, EEStor, Inc. Can you offer an idea of what your product could do for automotive transportation and a time horizon for development? "We see our Electrical Energy Storage Unit, 'EESU,' enabling the next generation of electric vehicles. The main feature of the EESU is [its ability to] charge and dis-charge at electric speed. This is a key enabling factor for the advancement of the next generation of vehicles. Another feature is the amount of power the EESU can store. Lastly, the EESU is expected to be considered fully 'green.' " Some have suggested that ultracapacitors will play more of a supporting role – others that it's a "game changer," or even world changing. How would you describe the potential? "EEStor's technology has the opportunity to touch every aspect of daily life from very big to very small devices. We also see a whole new generation of products and services that [are] based around our technology." How would you characterize EEStor's contribution to developing new systems to transmit the energy for automotive propulsion? EEStor has announced passing an evaluation on purity of its production process. Explain why this is important. "To be discussed in the near future." Why has EEStor been so quiet, some say secretive, about what it is doing? "We talk about our achievements through press releases. We talk with our current customers almost daily. We will also talk about more things when the time is right." Do you see any show stoppers, or is it just a matter of ramping up? "With any start-up you have some speed bumps that come up from time to time. We have no show stoppers." Competitors rev their engines At the North American International Auto Show in January, AFS Trinity created a stir by strutting its "extreme hybrid" plug-in concept vehicle that uses ultracapacitors to boost battery life and get 150 miles per gallon. The Bellevue, Wash.-based company sees ultracapacitors as a natural fit with new generation lithium-ion batteries that are vital to plug-in hybrids. Company chairman Edward Furia compares batteries to a long-distance runner (providing the stamina a car needs over the long haul) while ultracapacitors are akin to a weight lifter – giving cars that 0-to-60 oomph while minimizing impact on the delicate battery. As oil prices rise, new ultracapacitor research has emerged. Companies like Maxwell Technologies, Panasonic, Nippon Chemi-Con, and others are working on advanced devices with attributes of both an ultracapacitor and a battery, according to a November report from the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). But the recent focus is only a continuation of a long-term fascination with ultracapacitors in automobiles. A small fleet of ultracapacitor-powered buses began running in Moscow in 1995, and some garbage trucks in the US now use ultracapacitors to efficiently absorb energy from braking – and discharge it for acceleration, the IEEE article notes. Honda's Dualnote concept car in 2002 also showed off ultracapacitors' ability to instantly absorb braking energy and then return it in acceleration. German automaker BMW is also said to be evaluating ultracapacitors in their hybrid vehicles.
SOASTA has announced the latest release of CloudTest with a new Java module to enable developers and testers of Java applications to test any Java component as they work to "easily scale" it. Direct-to-database testing here supports Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, and PostgreSQL databases — and this is important for end-to-end testing for enterprise developers. Also, additional in-memory processing enhancements make dashboard loading faster for in-test analytics. "As applications are developed, databases are often tested in isolation while being built. In response to a common enterprise customer request, CloudTest can be directed to execute SQL workloads directly to the database for performance testing and insert data into a database before a test or clean up after a test," said Tom Lounibos, SOASTA CEO. New CloudTest capabilities include Direct-to-Database testing. CloudTest users can now directly test the scalability of the most popular enterprise and open source SQL databases from Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, and PostgreSQL. With the new custom Java module, anything that can be done in Java can be tested at scale with CloudTest, such as testing streaming video as well as popular protocols like WebSocket and UDP. "Users can now use test creation shortcuts such as recording directly to executable test clips and easily share test assets and components. Leveraging platform enhancements to CloudTest's in-memory analytics engine, users will experience improvements in the seamless visual reporting during tests and how quickly tests load for execution," said the company.
Snuck back into the Village to look around... Posted 31 October 2012 - 08:54 AM Posted 31 October 2012 - 09:43 AM I like bagpipes. My youngest has a CD of a particular psuedo-celtic band that he enjoys. They perform a kind of extreme bagpipe sound. Hell, just give me some AC/DC. Posted 31 October 2012 - 10:54 AM Posted 31 October 2012 - 11:13 AM Posted 31 October 2012 - 01:12 PM Posted 31 October 2012 - 02:12 PM I've been in love with the sounds of bagpipes ever since I was a little boy - I remember that I'd heard them being played off in the distance, and I asked my mother what that sound was. Since then, they always "get me". For example, I still can't listen to "Mull of Kintyre" (by Wings) without getting misty-eyed. Posted 31 October 2012 - 02:33 PM A friend's son used to play the pipes for his high school. On the side he performed at a small town shopping area and at the Renaissance Festival near here. 0 user(s) are reading this topic 0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous users
View large image Availability: In stock | Usually dispatched within 24 hours Something just a little bit brilliant! Innovative dual purpose high visability rechargable safety front / rear light for commute / road / MTB light. Zecto Pro can be either a high output front or rear LED - your choice. It's versatility also allows for use as outdoors multi-sport light for running, hiking and night vison with red LED option. On the bike Zecto Pro sets the new standard in rechargable, high-visibility lighting and brings added safety to every cyclist. Two white, plus one red LED are mounted in custom "MOR" lens for increased output efficiency. 180 degrees of visibilty with multiple side LEDs with double as charge and power indicator. Composite body with knurled alloy bezel. It features six white modes including: economy and blast solid modes; Three flash modes, plus "Daytime Flash" mode. There are five red modes: two flash modes; economy and blast solid modes plus daytime flash mode. New "hipster" easy-fit bracket with patented durable rubber strap fits the bike, your belt, clothing, bags, seatpack, just about anywhere you like. Zecto Pro is supplied with MicroUSB to USB cable and easily charged from any USB plug, with charging indicators built into side LEDs. Intelligent power indicator fuel gauge LEDs double as side illumination. Day or night...Ride safe, always be seen! If ordered before 8pm, delivered by courier next working day. Available on orders placed before 8pm (2pm weekends and Bank Holidays) for delivery next business day. Applies to most delivery addresses within mainland UK. Please check the stock availability notice on your item when placing your order. This item is: In stock | Usually dispatched within 24 hours Please remember to add postal time (2-3 working days) to obtain a complete estimate of delivery to your door. You will receive an email to confirm when your item has been sent. You can also check the status of your order and individual items by accessing your account details and following the prompts. Please allow 10 working days from dispatch of your order before notifying us of any late deliveries. It may be advisable to check with your neighbours to see if a parcel has been left with them, check any outhouses you might have where it may be left if it cannot fit through your letterbox and contact your local sorting office to see if the item has been returned to the depot as undelivered and awaiting collection. Please see our returns policy. No more then 1000 characters long please. Lezyne - LED - Zecto Drive Pair Lezyne - LED - Zecto Drive Front Lezyne - LED - Zecto Drive Rear Lezyne - LED - Femto Drive Pair There are currently no reviews. Lezyne - LED - Zecto Drive Pro
Ok groupies this is what I made for Quilter momma I sent it and she has graciously received it. I am posting a pic so you can see what I worked up. I almost flopped on the floor and kicked my feet I had just mailed this to her when Loup posted something to the extent of sparkles who likes them and there were yes! yes! yes! then a I am not particularly fond of sparkly fabric.. I had sent a sparkly tablerunner. So Beth I am SOOO sorry I had no idea honest! I am glad you have a place it can be used. I will never ever make you sparkly things again forgive me??
Wrapping Up A Drama-Filled Weekend In a way, I almost enjoy coming to qualifying weekend more than the race…almost. There are so many storylines and subplots that develop throughout the weekend that come to a head in the last thirty minutes on Sunday afternoon. This year was no different. The weather was certainly a factor, as it usually is. As it turned out, it just served to make things more interesting as it created a sense of urgency for several drivers – most notably, Danica Patrick. Say what you will about Ms. Patrick (I know I have), but she showed guts today. When, at one point, it looked like the rain may prevent her from even attempting a run to get into the field today, she was the first out when the track finally dried out. She responded by turning the fastest lap of the entire day and putting her car safely in the field. Paul Tracy turned in the fastest four-lap average of the day and put his WIX Filters Dallara on the inside of Row Nine. Ryan Briscoe also answered the bell by putting his car on the outside of the ninth row. Charlie Kimball also solidly joined his teammate, Graham Rahal, who qualified just before the big storm came earlier in the day. But the main story was brewing near the back of the field. I had an idea that there would be an Andretti Autosport driver to not make this field. What I did not expect was that two wouldn’t make it. I suspected that Mike Conway wouldn’t make the race, since he had been slow all month. What surprised me was that Ryan Hunter-Reay didn’t make it either. Marco Andretti was bumped by Alex Lloyd, but bumped his teammate, Hunter-Reay, to get back in. How does this happen? How does a team like Andretti Autosport allow themselves to have all four of their full-time drivers be shut out on the first day and then most of them hanging around the last row on the second day. This wasn’t as shocking as Marlboro Team Penske’s No-Show in 1995, but it was close. The others that ended the day on the outside looking in were Sebastian Saavedra, James Jakes, Ho-Pin Tung, Scott Speed and Rafa Matos. Most experts agreed that one full-time driver would be going home. I don’t think anyone saw three not making the field. This is certainly an intriguing grid. I think that there is now a good chance that the winning car may actually come from a non-Penske/Ganassi stable. I’m a Penske fan, but that could be good for driving fan interest in the sport. So let all the weeklong speculation begin. It’s going to be a fun week. * – Note: As soon as this post loads up, we are piling in the car and headed back to Nashville. I must be at work by 8:00 Monday morning. There will be no post here on Monday, but I’ll try to have something up here most days this week leading up to the race. Thanks for following us all weekend. – GP.
On the Point of Order S.Amdt. 29: Is the Gramm Point of Order well taken RE: Gramm S.Amdt.29; To provide various revenue provisions.Result: Sustained (80-20, 3/5 threshold)Details: [click here] United States Senate Democrats, Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid. Government-produced materials appearing on this site are not copyright protected.Photos where noted © Associated Press 2012. All rights reserved. AP material may not be published, broadcast or redistributed. RSS feed.
Found 8 results for "Konecranes, Inc."... Just show me: February 3, 2015 Overhead cranes can be customized Konecranes offers UNITON™ cranes for heavy-duty lifting and process industries. They can be tailored to users’ needs. Standard features include fabricated box end trucks with 90-degree, MCB-type bearing housings. Two-point drum... Read more... July 1, 2014 Overhead crane monitoring service collects data continuously TRUCONNECT® remote monitoring and reporting service from Konecranes features continuous data collection to provide customers with a clear view of crane usage. It allows overhead crane maintenance to be planned according to actual usage. The... Read more... May 7, 2014 Electric wire rope hoist is compact Konecranes offers the CXT electric wire rope hoist for overhead cranes in industrial material handling environments. The compact hoist accommodates facilities with limited headroom above the crane while maximizing the use of available floor... Read more... May 1, 2014 Machine tool alignment, calibration, certification offered Konecranes Machine Tool Service offers machine calibration services to manufacturers for maintenance and certification purposes. It provides precision leveling, optimization of machine tool geometric orientation, inspection of... Read more... April 1, 2014 Device lifts up to 1.76 tons Konecranes offers the ATL Vertical Lifter to meet the handling requirements of a variety of industries. It features a maximum lifting capacity of 1.76 tons and absorption of torque up to 4,000 Nm. The pneumatic manipulators are ceiling-based... Read more... October 24, 2013 Aluminum crane reduces rolling resistance Konecranes offers the XA aluminum workstation lifting system. Designed for use in industries such as automotive, the lightweight crane handles low loads up to 2.2 tons. Features include modular design, high structural stiffness, small rolling... Read more... October 10, 2013 Reach stackers can be fitted with C hooks, magnets Konecranes has introduced reach stackers for a variety of industries, from steel, wind energy, nuclear, and oil and gas to traditional and intermodal terminals. The stackers can be used with C hooks for carrying coils or fitted with magnets... Read more... September 3, 2013 Lifting device allows nearly weightless movement of loads up to 771 lbs. The Konecranes ATB AirBalancer is a lifting device that aids picking, lifting, moving, and placing items by hand. The pneumatic-powered mover is suitable for assembly processes, repair, and industrial production tasks across a variety of... Read more...
Barely known to me until I picked up a few of her CDs in NYC's Little Senegal a few weeks ago, Fatou Laobé is a huge star in Senegal, and a welcome addition to the Dakar Divas pantheon. Fatou got her start as a backup singer and dancer with musicians like Baaba Maal and Ousmane Hamady Diop, and has toured the world with Youssou N'dour and Abou Diouba. Striking out on her own in 2000, she released l'An 2000 with her group le Laobé Gui on N'dour's Jololi label. The recordings have followed fast and furious ever since. Her music is deeply rooted in the folklore of the Laobé, a subset of the Pulaar, or Fulani, people who are known for their craftsmanship. The six tunes on offer here are taken from three CDs: Hé Laobé Rewmi (Origines, 2004), Bara Mamadou Lamine (Ekla, 2008), and Keysi Bousso (Ekla, 2008). Enjoy! Fatou Laobé & le Laobé Gui - Gambia Modou Fatou Laobé & le Laobé Gui - Gawlo Fatou Laobé & le Laobé Gui - Bara Mamadou Lamine Fatou Laobé & le Laobé Gui - Doolé Fatou Laobé & le Laobé Gui - Lambo Fatou Laobé & le Laobé Gui - Harouma Play-Boy
The Writing Center of the Writing University.Next 30 minute appointments up to twice a week. Suggestions and feedback on all kinds of writing, from course papers to creative pieces and multimedia projects. Upload your work to our online system and get feedback by email. Allow at least two business days for a response from an instructor. Submissions must be 15 pages or less.
View Full Version : A little sloop... 08-09-2011, 05:15 PM So; I have been playing with GIMP a little more and here is a little sloop I drew over the Week-End... It gave me the opportunity to play with shadows and light elements... 11-22-2011, 07:16 PM This looks great, but I have a question. It looks like you put stairs up to the helm, but shouldn't there then be a room for the captain under that area? Or did you intend for it to be a part of the storage area? I'd love this if it had the captain's quarters there. 12-02-2011, 11:24 PM A sloop typically has no raised deck aft. Remove the stair, move the helm forward a little and convert the aft 'deck' to a captain's cabin with a simple roof. As a 17th Century ship type, cannon on the main deck would be appropriate. 02-03-2012, 06:51 AM Thanks for the kind words and advices... Yeah, initially, the idea came from a campaign. I was attending my players to travel between island and just give it "they find a ship and island hop" in my script. Of course, as is typical with players, they spent the better part of two hours looking for exactly the right ship. Small, fast and nimble to escape troubles with a "trustworthy yet discrete captain". Then they went on to argue the price... By the end, the ship and crew had taken a bit of a personality and I decided to re-use it later and make them a plan... One of the reason I didn't put a proper captain's cabin is that I had originally improvised that the captain was sleeping in a tent raised at the aft, but yeah, it's probably a good idea to add a cabin now... Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2015 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
return air duct is in the closet and they boxed it in Are there louvers in the return air duct further along, perhaps upstairs? (One morning on WRKO Radio) The tub's not clean! Let's remodel the bathroom. (One afternoon on WRKO Radio) It's time for an oil change. I'm going to trade in the car for next year's model.
Comment current news topics here. Sorry if already posted. http://www.vanityfair.com/online/oscars ... udd-apatow To God, every living being is beautiful... Except for you. Jim was interviewed in an exclusive video in the Vanity Fair website. Here's the link: And some more pics all together: http://www.vanityfair.com/online/oscars/2012/12/note-from-judd-apatow-comedy-issue?mbid=social_facebook I'm a guardian of the spark... I'm a God damn and proud good fan... and I love it! = )> Bigger size of Jim Carrey: When I was a stand-up comedian, in the late 80s, I used to open for Jim Carrey on the road. I would do my lame act, and then he would come on and do the most energetic, inventive, uproarious set I had ever witnessed. I retired from performing as a result. He was and is the funniest man on earth. This is something we can all agree on. We can debate No. 2 forever, but Jim will always be the king. True, but they have finally posted some of the photos without text on their website. Fantastic photos. Who is online Users browsing this forum: MSNbot Media and 2 guests
PLAINVIEW -- The U. S. Naval Academy Band will record "Oldest and Finest," a march composed by Dr. Gary Belshaw, Wayland Baptist University Assistant Professor of Piano Pedagogy. The recording of the march will be included in a planned 4 CD set commemorating the 150 th Anniversary of the Academy Band. Lieutenant Commander Donald H. Keller, leader of the U. S. Naval Academy Band, requested permission to use the piece. The march was composed during the summer of 2002. The idea for the march originated during a visit with members of the band after a performance of Belshaw's doctoral dissertation, "Wind Sculptures" for trombone and band. That performance in May 2002 featured Don Lucas, Professor of Trombone at Texas Tech University, and the U. S Naval Academy Band. "Some of the band members and I were dining after the performance, and they told me the band was coming up on its 150 th anniversary. The march is dedicated to the band in honor of its Sesquicentennial Anniversary," Belshaw said. "Writing a march is one of those wonderful challenges every composer must face at one point or another. And it was John Phillip Sousa who set the standard. He said that a march 'must be as free from padding as a marble statue.' That's a pretty tough standard. In literary terms, it means there can be no snow job." The U. S. Naval Academy Band premiered the march during its Gala 150 th Anniversary Concert on May 9, 2003. Belshaw was unable to attend the performance as he and the rest of the Wayland Music Department were preparing for a mission trip to Spain. During the trip, members of the Wayland Pioneer Band, International Choir and Wayland Singers performed three movements from "A España" by Belshaw. The three movements feature scripture verses in Spanish set to music. In addition to "Wind Sculptures" for trombone and band, and "Oldest and Finest," members of the U.S. Naval Academy Band's trombone quartet premiered yet another Belshaw composition, "At A Lake" for solo trombone and trombone quartet. The quartet was premiered at the convention of the Texas Bandmaster's Association in San Antonio during the summer of 2002. "It has been a real honor just to have my music played by such a distinguished group of professionals," Belshaw said. The Academy band provided Belshaw with a recording of the live performance of the march. "The recording of the march sounded amazing," he said. "The band plays with such incredible precision and skill, that I heard the best possible rendition of my music imaginable." Belshaw is in his fourth year at Wayland Baptist University. He received his Ph.D. in Fine Arts from Texas Tech University in August 2000. He teaches private and class piano, orchestration, piano pedagogy, and he accompanies both students and faculty in recital. He also teaches private piano through the University's Academy of Fine Arts.
TMZ has confirmed that Lindsay Lohan has checked herself into rehab. In a statement issued through her rep, Leslie Sloane Zelnik, Lindsay says "I have made a proactive decision to take care of my personal health. I appreciate your well wishes and ask that you please respect my privacy at this time." Lindsay's mom, Dina, revealed last month that Lindsay had been attending AA meetings. It's been a tumultuous few weeks for the "Mean Girls" star. Just two weeks ago, 20-year-old Lindsay underwent an operation to remove her appendix. 1/17/2007 8:26 PM PST BY TMZ STAFF Get TMZ Breaking News alerts to your inbox
The Witwatersrand gold rush of 1886 marked the start not only of a century of gold mining in Johannesburg and Ekurhuleni but also of massive transformations in the landscapes of these South African cities. Once natural grasslands, the Witwatersrand — Afrikaans for “the ridge of white waters” — rapidly became a region of bustling boomtowns. The Witwatersrand Basin was responsible for over 40 percent of total global gold production and continues to be a major producer of gold. Over the past century a range of factors — fluctuating international gold prices, changing demands for mining labor, the construction of infrastructure and the need to dispose of mining waste — has shaped the development of what is now the most urbanized province in South Africa. In particular, the 80-kilometer mining belt between the two cities is riddled by deep-shaft mines, where companies built an extensive network of underground tunnels and moved large amounts of earth to the surface. These operations have weakened geological strata, disrupted natural drainage patterns and altered ecological habitat. The original semi-arid grasslands ecology is now converted to an urban forest, and sediment from mining waste has blocked natural waterways, unexpectedly creating wetlands with rich bird habitat. Massive mine dumps, many upwards of 30 meters tall, have become landmarks of Johannesburg — or eGoli, “the place of gold,” in Zulu. In the 1970s the gold mines moved from Johannesburg and Ekurhuleni to the rural areas of the Witwatersrand, and informal settlements began to occupy the vacant mining lands in the heart of the city. The end of apartheid, in 1994, brought a large influx of rural residents — mostly blacks or foreign Africans — seeking opportunities in Johannesburg and joining family and friends in existing informal settlements along the mining belt. Currently 25 percent of the population in Johannesburg and Ekurhuleni live in informal settlements, and approximately a quarter of them — 400,000 people — are in the mining belt. The settlements range from 100 to 40,000 people, with the largest communities in Ekurhuleni, where the mining companies have expended fewer resources to police the land. Not surprisingly, the settlements face myriad obstacles. Local zoning laws prevent them from receiving municipal services such as water, electricity and sanitation. Having no secure right to the land, the settlers construct homes from scrap metal and found wood; and despite such resourcefulness, they’ve encountered degraded environmental conditions that seriously hampered efforts to improve living standards and achieve formal municipal status. Changing ownership structures and bankruptcies in the mining industries have made it difficult to determine who is responsible for the environmental remediation of the old mining land (despite strict environmental regulations). Shallowly undermined land — caused by underground mines close to the ground surface — makes it technically difficult to construct permanent buildings and basic infrastructure, while the fine dust from neighboring mine dumps poses health risks such as respiratory disease and cancer. To complicate the situation, new extraction technologies and rising gold prices are enabling the recovery of gold from mine dumps. Massive topographical and hydrological operations have been set in motion once again; the old mine dumps are disappearing, gold slurry and water are piped throughout the region and waste has been transferred to new “super dumps” on the periphery. Newly freed land is being redeveloped for light industry and recreation; yet the population of greater Johannesburg is projected to double over the next 20 years, creating a significant housing shortage. This has created tension over land; but it’s also led to unexpected partnerships between the mining companies and informal settlements. In January 2010 we traveled to Johannesburg and Ekurhuleni to study the rapidly changing mining belt. We visited eight informal settlements, numerous mine dumps, the nearly complete FIFA World Cup Stadium, gold processing plants, and even a defunct-mine-turned-theme-park called Gold Reef City. Through our discussions with informal settlers, non-profit organizations, government officials, academics, real estate developers, mining experts and mine operators, we uncovered a complex web of ecologies that will determine the future of the gold mining belt. Our investigation documents the relationships between the current mining operations, the infrastructure that supports them and the informal settlements that inhabit defunct mining sites. In this slideshow, we hope to show that these relationships open up possibilities for the rehabilitation of a post-gold industrial landscape into a socially, economically and environmentally productive urban environment.
Nyko's E3 lineup 7/10/2007 6:52:00 PM I'll be visiting Nyko this Thursday morning and here's what they are showing at this year's E3. The Intercooler is a staple of Nyko's lineup and they are showing one for the Wii. A Power Adapter for the Wii will also be shown but I can't comment on the product until I see it as I don't know what the benefit of this product will be. Zero Wireless comes to the PlayStation 3 with the PS3 Zero providing an alternative to Sony's wireless controller. The most unique product in their announcement though is the Party Station featuring an LCD scoreboard, a fan to cool off hands, slots to hold Wii remotes and SD cards, and even a snack and dip bowl. This I have to see. Look for a lot of these products in the Fall. NYKO ANNOUNCES PRODUCT LINEUP FOR E3 2007 New Products For Wii, 360, PS3, and DS Lite Headed to Retail This Fall Los Angeles, CA - June 10, 2007 - Nyko Technologies(R), a premier peripherals manufacturer, today announced their product lineup for the 2007 E3 Media and Business Summit in Santa Monica, California. The lineup includes new products for the Nintendo Wii(tm) , PlayStation 3(tm), and the Nintendo DS Lite(tm), including a new version of the popular Intercooler for the Wii, as well as all-new products such as the Zero for PS3 and Party Station for Wii. All products are currently slated to ship to retail in Fall of 2007. The Intercooler for Wii is the next installment in Nyko's popular line of console cooling solutions. The unit attaches easily to the back of the Wii, ensuring a perfect fit and cooler ambient temperature levels, thanks to a built-in fan that increases airflow circulation out from the unit's main ventilation slot. For added convenience, the Intercooler also powers on and off with the console itself, as well as features a white finish that matches the original color scheme of the Wii. For the ultimate in Wii party experiences, Nyko's introduces The Party Station. Combining multiplayer conveniences with food and drink storage, the Party Station is one of the most unique Wii products, but also one of the most useful. Multiple LCD scoreboards allows gamers to keep track of multiplayer face-offs, while the Party Station's built-in fan keeps hands cool during the most heated of tournaments. When it's time to eat, the Party Station's built-in snack and dip bowls keep the food coming, while drinks stay upright in four cup holders, including four supplied freezable cup sleeves to keep them chilled. Storage is also made simple with four slots to hold Wii remotes and a drawer to store accessories like SD cards and manuals. The Party Station is designed to maximize the social gaming experience unique to the Wii. The Power Adapter for Wii provides gamers with a simple solution for powering their Wii console. The Power Adapter plugs into any standard wall outlet, and also features a built-in LED to indicate when the unit is connected to AC power as well as a visual modeling that compliments the Wii console. All three new Nyko products for the Wii will ship in the Fall of 2007. For the ultimate solution in PS3 gaming, the Zero Wireless Controller is the final word in wireless and convenient controller options. Continuing the popularity of Nyko's Zero controller line, the PS3 Zero features a unique metal polymer hybrid design putting the most advanced controller into the hands of PS3 gamers. Able to provide up to 25 hours of continuous play with the included removable and rechargeable NiMH battery, the Zero also features a revolutionary wireless chipset that provides a reliable and accurate range of up to 30 feet as well as backlit LED buttons and precision analog sticks, buttons, and triggers for maximum durability. The controller is also equipped with a precise accelerometer that detects six different directions of motion for the most accurate game play experience. The Zero Wireless Controller is available in three distinct color schemes to match the tastes of any gamer. DS Lite gamers needing a convenient carrying and charging solution for their portable handheld need look no further than Nyko's Ultimate Kit Lite. The bundle comes in multiple color designs, and each includes a stylish, protective carrying case, matching car charger and DS styli. A supplied carabineer allows the carrying case to be attached to a backpack or belt, while convenient pockets on the case allow for the storage of up to eight DS game cards. The Zero Wireless Controller, and Ultimate Kit Lite will ship to retailers in August of 2007. "At this year's E3 Media and Business Summit Nyko will unveil a number of new and exciting products, each developed to provide gamers with the most advanced gaming solutions available," said Herschel Naghi, CEO of Nyko Technologies. "From the Party Station and its unique social-focused features to the Zero and its wireless technology, Nyko's E3 lineup promises to be our most exciting yet."
"Republicans Held Disaster Relief Hostage Several Times In 2011" Tropical Storm Issac continues to bear down on the Gulf Coast on Monday, with the National Hurricane Center predicting that it will become a Category 1 hurricane before it makes landfall. There’s a chance that the storm will hit New Orleans nearly seven years to the day that Hurricane Katrina decimated the city. Republicans have largely canceled the first day of the Republican National Convention in Tampa Bay, Florida, due to the storm, which swiped southern Florida yesterday. But in 2011, House Republicans displayed far less concern for the victims of natural disasters, attempting to slash funds for disaster preparedness and response, as Slate’s Dave Weigel noted at the time: According to the House Appropriation Committee’s summary of the bill, the [GOP’s 2011 continuing resolution] funds Operations, Research and Facilities for the National Oceanic Atmospheric Association with $454.3 million less than it got in FY2010; this represents a $450.3 million cut from what the president’s never-passed FY2011 budget was requesting. The National Weather Service, of course, is part of NOAA — its funding drops by $126 million. The CR also reduces funding for FEMA management by $24.3 million off of the FY2010 budget, and reduces that appropriation by $783.3 million for FEMA state and local programs. House Republicans several times that year held disaster relief hostage, demanding that the funding be offset with spending cuts elsewhere in the budget. The GOP pulled the same trick when Missouri was hit by a deadly tornado in May, when Virginia was affected by an earthquake, and when Hurricane Irene struck America’s east coast. Republicans eventually struck a deal with Democrats as part of last August’s Budget Control Act that should make it easier to fund disaster relief. However, the House Republican budget reneged on that agreement, setting the stage for more disaster relief shenanigans when the country can least afford political games.
Faviana Style 7122 Strapless Chiffon with beaded side cut out More > This chiffon prom dress has a classic sweet heart neckline, a high front slit and beautiful side ruching. The side cut out is decorated with geometric style beading for a touch of modern style! Sizes: 0 - 12
Tuscaloosa man faces sexual assault charges for second time this year Published: Friday, November 1, 2013 at 8:00 p.m. Last Modified: Friday, November 1, 2013 at 1:35 p.m. A Tuscaloosa man has been accused of sexually assaulting a teenager in Tuscaloosa last week. It is his second arrest on identical charges this year. Khiyron Montel Amerson, 21, was charged Thursday with second- degree rape and second-degree sodomy against a 15-year-old female victim. He was charged with second- degree rape and second-degree sodomy against a 14-year-old female victim on March 21. That case is still pending in Tuscaloosa County District Court. Amerson remained in the Tuscaloosa County Jail Friday with bail set at $60,000. Reach Stephanie Taylor at Stephanie.Taylor@tuscaloosanews.com or 205-722-0210.Tuscaloosa News coverage on Facebook Reader comments posted to this article may be published in our print edition. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.
Newspaper Page Text S.ip and think (1f this a itlnne. ut waii t I l use I_ l best Iuainl that yoV can It y: I we vant i I soi[ y , I the I .I I int made. The Important Thing to You Is Who Made the Paint? I itl I t \, Iloy a con ern lbt, n the w rl oi ver. with re ur·iii e, anlal 'ai il itiies Ito k .now hoIi i nai l ai 1h'-" in. e-.Ianentl I)) Ir'o t , ti h .e ii I t make iaiitls I igh it ? YOur afegMotto is the - iiIn e anlt re lutltaliion of' the ia , ker the i rale PaWilliams Co.w Glass I over 53 years ll." kIlimv1, ill over the w rlbl, i altl you 'an aunk ,n its klip vin,: holv I,, lmake i lmint thal will \\ear. he c<ause it (I'<lltaills the le-s al umbing and liseed ctril. is to give 1buyers their mn1ey's worthl in every ( a'tli'le i 'urehased here. The Home of Good Hardware Mechanics' Fine Tools Plumbing and Electrical Phone 956-221 E. Park SAY YOU SAW IT IN BULLETINi Poynter's Cash Store 1854 IARRISON AVE. Wholesale to Consumer. S Io you realize that by buying tc your supplies each day in small a; quantities that your day's pay S goes little more than half as far p as it would it you bought the si Whole week's supply at one time? Call up Poynter's N _Wholesale-to-Consumer, Phone 1 6534-R, and'order your week's 10 lbs. granulated sugar (with $10 order) .............. $1.00 .00 lbs. cane sugar........$11.0()0 ,8 lbs. Montana's best hard wheat flour ......................$6.50 49 lbs. Montana's best hard wheat flour .....................$3.35 34 lbs. Montana's best hard Wheat flour ........... ... ....$1.75 5 lbs. M. J. B. coffee ........$2.23 1 lb. School Boy peanut but er .................................. 0c Pbhree packages Lux Washing Corn flakes, per pkg......lOc Shelled walnuts or almonds, per lb. .......................... ........85c 22 large bars brown laundry soap ............................. $1.00 Creamery butter, per lb.....60c WESTERN CASH MEAT 2410 Harvard Ave. has opened up for business. We handle but the best of everything and can please the most particu lar. Prices as low as elsewhere. Give us a trial order and you will Nerve, Blood and Skin Diseases. Dr. W. H. Haviland Rooms 2, 8 and 4, Baltimore 71 W. Park St., Butte, Mont. Office hours, 10 a. nm. to 8 p. m. rw qW s t Your r nances Will Not Permit You to Help Maintain In ndependent New spapen' in Any Other Way,You Can Help by Making Your Purchases of Dtiy Bulletin Adversers CAME ENDS LIFEK WITH BULLET i Well-Known Real Estate Dealer Shoots Self in Fit of Despondency. Body Is Found in Clothes Closet. Despondent, it is believed, over the death of hi:; wife to whom he was greatly attached, John B. Caiie, a well-known local real estate and in surance man, committed suicide sometime Sunday night or early yes terday morning, by shooting himself through the head with a high power rifle. Came's dead body was found i% lying on a pile of suitcases in a clothes closet in his room, 419 West Galena street yesterday. Mir. Came spent Saturday at hi: tnl office and apparently had given none of his friends or acquaintances any hint as to his intention to take his life. Hie was absent from his room all day Sunday, but is thought to have returned late at night without the attention of the other occupants of the house being attracted. Caine presumably loaded his rifle with one shell from a full box and then, standing facing the closet, to hayve put the muzzle in his mouth 51 and fired. Death is believed to have lte is survived by one brother. Mark I. Came; a sister, Mrs. Charles S. Passiiore of Butte, and another sister, Mrs. Gail Fogg of York, Pa. An inquest will probably be held within the next few days. thi GIRL ASKS O. CHANCE TO THAYEL "STRAIGHT" f Says Main Has No Right to or Drag Woman Down When tr She Desires and Tries to not Do Right. cot "Because a girl has fallen once. cda it isn't right that a man should keep a dragging her down," stated Maxine tl D)avis in police court yesterday, cat when telling of incidents that led upem to her arrest with William Amerin on charges of disturbing the peace. the Miss Davis said she had formerly an had improper relations with Amerin, agi but had left hime with the intention of "going straight." She said Amerin had been spreading evil stor icesabout herr and that Saturday she pla went to his home to take him to 5a1s thl for his allhgcd acts. It wa I, the :hi :.aid. that he beat and choked her fat and e'.jcItd hei' from" the1( i house. I Ai\e'rinl was fine(d $10 l andli Mis:;, Davis was fiined $35. mn SUES FI $2,500 t FOR WLELM SERWlVIES James T. Fitzpatrick, a Butte an- l torncy, is suing Nellie Eiiscnbauer, as the administratrix of the John 11. Saltes estate, for $2,500, which Fitz patrick claims is due him for legal He alleges in his complaint that Nellie Eisenbauer employed him int G 1916, agreeing to pay whatever the judgeo of the probate court might de cide was a prolper fee; that the judge afterward fixed the fee at $2,500, which plaintiff contends is a reason able one; but that the administratrix has refused to pay him the amount. The plaintiff in this action is rep- i resented by Peter Breen, Joseph R. hi Jackson, N. H. Itotering and J. A. N Geagon and Canning are attot neys for Nellie Eis;enbauer. 'Taking of 01 evidence is proceeding this aftr EAGLES TO SELECT hi SITE FOR NEW HOME 2 Miembers of the BIutte aerie of ' Eagles at a largely attended imeeting g last night unanimously decided to h select a site and erect a lodge hall 8 exclusively for the use of the Eagles. n SA special committee comiprising A. t' I . Cohenl, chairman; D)on B. Kin.ig. secretary; Jerry Sullivan, E. A. Sut- a ilivan, William Malloy, J.. E. McNal- a ly, \V. H. Maloney, Jack Turner, t James O'Flynn and Gus F"itchen, was applointed to select the Site. BIids have been asked from property owners with sites suitable for a lodge -hall to be presented to the secretary by next Thursday noon. LOOKING FOR WORK HARDER THAN ARMY Asserting that looking for work was a harder job than being a sol dier, Joseph Willing. who said he de serted three weeks ago friom an arm. post near Denver, yesterday pre sented himself at police headquar ters and asked that the army an thorities be notified that he was will iitfg and anxious to get back inti service. As the result of Willing'i 1 action Chief of Detectives Ed Mor rissey will fall into a reward of $5( offered by army authorities for tht return of all deserters. Bulletin Want Ads Get Results. Phone 52. ---itlNK IN INTEREST-SAVE NEWPORT NEWS SHIPYARDS FROM AIR LG . ll t\ ent g pior.aph of the shipyards at 'wport News, Va, iken f'mi tn -i rl ii. The view shows Imn-y of the transports and supply ,bllp whi'h have carried men and munitions between this country and France. SUVbIVOR SFECULATOH I Sues for $22,000. Alleges 1 Criminal Negligency of at Company Started Fire ° and Blocked Escape. 3a The suit of John Wirta, one of th the survivors of the Speculator mine vi disaster of 1917, is in court today br trying to collect $22,000 from the th North Butte Mining company and se from Norman Braley, superintendent of the properly. ca The complaint alleges that Wirta in was confined for 40 hours in the crosscut where lie was working be- h cause the passage way to the High Oi Ore mine had been blocked by con- fr crete bulkheads. It further states that the closing of the passage had not been brought to the attention of Wirta by his employers; that to consequently Wirta was allowed to tii work down in the mine, thinking a certain way of escape in time of danger was open, when, in fact, it be had been closed. And Wirta claims b3 that by reason of the company':; 1 carelessness in not informing its or employes of the closing of the pass- bi age, lie was trapped in the mine at of the time of the fire in the shaft. 1] lnd suffered there such injuries and at agonies that he has been ever since th e physical wreck. ca In fact, the contention of the plaintiff is to the effect that not only et the fire in the shaft. was due to care- le lessness of the company, but also the nt fatalities and humani suffering, re- a1 :lilting froum such a fire. It seems to be a case which will decide how in imlnly ways of egress a mine must aiS maintain for its employes in ordier in to itnsure a reasonable standard of or Dan M. Kelly is attorney for Nor man Braley and the North Butte. b Mlackel & Tyvand arc representing the plaintiff. di FOR TEACHERS' EXAMS Grade School Instructors Required to Attend Quiz By County Superintende ent Next Week. The chcl dles for teach.,rs-' exam inations to he hell niext w tee'k havI been annonlllced biy Sulperilntendent Nellie Small. All 'rubjects; for pro- l fessioinal certificates will Ib, given Satuirday. .1 tn 7, whoetn examinations . on school I::w :, rin-ipl"es of p.i.i hol t ogy and educational Ipsyc.iclogy will First ;grall:d questions on A lierican literature and physeit;l g! ograplhy will ibe on Friday, Jun' G, and on t Saturday shot'l m. nagenientl an(' t e(leitentllla"y l:'yc'bology will ibe given n The :'r('cond gralde subjec't: will hi give\' en 'Thurisdey end Friday, with ii histior, ci \ics. gra'ullnlar. theory ton( spelling on the first day and arit!, mncti., geography, reading, agricull ture and physiology on Friday. The county superintendent will I. assisted by 'Miss Margaret tlog, and ' Min s I). Gobbons in conductin AUDITORIUM GOES TO ARMY AND NAVY MEN At last Saturday night's meeting I of the library board, it was decided to withdraw the request for the use 1 of the upper floor of the library building, recently vacated by' thfe Red Cross. The library had wanted to make use of the who), building and it was at the instigation qf tlhe board that the city council ordered the upper floor vacated by the 11t" But the army and navy men. known now as the World War Veter ans, asked for it and came to an agreenment with new library board which contains a majority of nw memnbers, whereby the library's ap, plication for the upper floor wa, withdrawn in favor of the army antl Bulletin Boosters should patronize "SLIPPERY VULCH" A There i: an entortain ment entire- be ly out of the ordinary now going on oc at the Holland rink, where the L. O. ca O. M. No. 431 is staging a unique oil frontier night dance and joy festival th each night until Sunday, June 1. m1 This fun camp i:s called "Slippery th Gulch," and is proving a fun maker $1 that causes visitors to repeat their visit the following evening and tic bring their friends, thereby letting Cl them in on the "one best bet of t.e be "Slippery Gulch" is a realistic or camp that has been used by the mov- St ing picture studlios in Hollywood. P' Calif., and the Loyal Order of Moose have gone to a great expense in se caring this attraction, and, judging J1 from reports received from Portland. Ore., where this attraction played for 10 nights, in the municipal audi torium, before coming to Butte, the fun loving folks should have the time of hecir lives. ',.,c enteriong Holland rink one ch beholds a towr square, surrounded th by various storeg, banks, alusement pa places and a mammoth dance hall-- eo one end of the town is devoted to a th big gambling "joint," where millions to of "bucks" are won and lost nightly. la This feature is sure proving nighly BR attractive to the ladies, for they are th the best patrons of this part of the it Every one upon purchasing a tick et of admission is given the equiva lent in "fun currency," and as it is Yi not redeemable, one must spend it as quickly as possible. "Calamity Jane's dance hall comes in for a goodly share of the patron age, for Sielaff's orchestra is furnish ing the jazziest of jazz music, and one is almost forced to dance wheth er one wishes to or not. The floor of the Holland rink has been put in shape so that the most exacting will find it in excellent con- Ci dition for tripping the light fantastic. of On next Friday afternoon (Deco- w ration (lay) at 3:30 o'clock the fun Ii will start and run continuously until w midnight. This will give many an J. opportunity to visit the camp that m otherwise might not have the time hb during the eight nights. tl CAPTURE OF PETROIRAOl RY IHINKS REPORTED (Specie',l 1 nierd I'ro i s \Vire.) LonTon, Mily 27.--A Vihorg dis patch reported that Chinese. Lett. and Finnish troops hold Petrograd having o\verthrotn the soviet gov ernmenll t. A heavy bombardmlent fromi the sea is reported. apparently directed at Petrograd and l'ronstadL. ce Made Sawdust Valuable. 4 Not Illlany yeari's ago the sawdust ti that nccumulated each spring albout b the local mills was - nuisallle to the mill-owners. It wais in tlihe waiy, Somei of it was dlmped ilto the strenlrs andl lish were exterminatied, and some wars -'irven awl\ y to anyone who would make p ulse of it. And about the only use that S'ulllld he made of the sawdust was that i ri' packing for ice in the ice-houses. h The explanisiou of dairy farming g 1alted for iuore ice, and more ice called f ior more sawdust. The demand note- n 'i'd the mill-owners that the by-prod. t niit o Itheir mills, which they had been giving iaway and throwing away, had a c'omnlkrclal value. Sawdust Is now$ sold by the load. Nan-I cried like a baby during the lbain-ir don't believe It. You would have been put out if you had.-Judge. I 7 Alice seems very liberal in Yes, and very i lavish of them. . .IK IN INTEEST--SA\E-- ' B." KR[MEI- AND "ILR." OBWN, NOW Loeal Politician, Red Cross Head and. Printer. Pur- t chase Business of Paxson n & Rockefeller. r J. Bruce Kremer, Raymond Ruble c ,nd Trevor Bowen, it was announced " 'esterday, have purchased the drug " $id sundries businesses operated on d forth Main and West Park streets r' inde' the 'firm name of Paxson & n lockefeller and in the future will onduct the business. Trevor Dowen vill act as general manager. Announcement was made by Mr. h tockefeller that he intends to dis- y Bose of all his business interests and s' ,roperty in Butte and travel for a h ime until he decides upon a new lo ation for his business energies. S CIVIL SE[ ri E EXAMS t FOR CLERK AND CARRIER The United States civil service 0: ommission announces that an etam nation will be held at Butte (Mont.) 'ostoffice for clerk and carrier, June h 8, -1919, to establish an eligible ; egister from which selection may h e made to fill vacancies as they may Si ccur in the positions of clerk and i arrier at the Butte (Mont.) post- ii ffice. Age limits, 18 to 45 years on ji he date of the examination. Both pen and women will be admitted to his examination. Entrance salary, T 1,000 per annum. G .Application blanks and informa- w ion may be obtained by applying to s1 Tharles F. Williams, local secretary, oard of United States civil service W xaminers, Butte (Mont.) postoffice, t` ,r to the secretary, Eleventh United tates Civil Service district. 303 'ostoffice building, Seattle, Wash. h IOHN 0. AND FRIEND CONNY VISIT MISSOULA Missoula, May 27.-John D. Ryan, F hairman of the board of directors of he Anaconda Copper Mining com bany; President C. F. Kelly of the v ompany and John Gillis, manager of ti he Butte mines, made'a brief visit v o this city yesterday and visited the A arge lumber mill of the company at lonner, which is being rebuilt after he disastrous fire which destroyed F t several months ago. Mr. Ryan - ees a bright future for Western lonta na. The party returned to 3utte late in the day and Mr. Ryan s end Mr. Kelly will return to New a fork in about a week. TACOMA MAN CHARGED WITH KILLING BANKERS t Tacoma, Wash., May 27.-Albert lonway, assistant district attorney if New York, following a conference with Acting Gov. Louis F. Hart, an- 2 nounced that in his estimation there ( will be little difficulty in extraditing t I. B. Allan. wanted in New York for t murder and robbing a Brooklyn I bank. Mr. Conway is waiting for . the extradition papers from Governor t Smith of New York, and he expects $ to return to New York with Allan in his custody. Allan still declares c he had no hand in the Brooklyn c PLUMBING SHOP IN NAVY YARD ON FIRE (Special United Press Wire.) I Norfolk, Va., May 27.-Fire, ac- I companied by many explosions, is t raging in the plumbing shop of the Norfolk navy yards. The shop is 400 feet from the water and navy tugs are throwing streams on the NEW HANK IN FALILS. Great Falls, May 27.-Application for a charter from the treasury de partment for another national bank in Great Falls, which, if granted, will give the city its ninth banking institution, lhas been made by James 11. IRyan, president of the First Mort gage Loan company of this city, and four associates whose names have not been made public. The applica tion is made in the name of the Northern National bank of Great Falls, with an authorized capital of $100,000 and a provided surplus of Charged with kidnaping his child by his former wife, Antone Papich, a local miner, was arrested yester day and is being held by the local police for action by the authorities at Bozeman. Papich was divorced by his wife two years ago, the mother securing custody of the child. Papich was granted per mission to visit the child occasion ally, but was ordered not to take it away from its mother. WI.LL STAND BY SCOUTS. Members of the Rotary club have pledged themselves and their organ ization to stand behind the drive to i raise $10,000 for the yearly budget I of the Butte Boy Scouts. Announce- 1 ment of the fact was conveyed to a meeting of the executive committee of the Scouts held yesterday atter noon at which Deputy National Field Commipsioner Charles Miller of San Francisco was present. $100 reward will be paid to any noe proving we do not put in the est main spring for $1. Mayer, 37 orth Main street.-Adv. Carl Smith, in charge Of the Mon ana Power company's Jefferson val ey station at Parrot, is visiting in lutte and Tuesday announced the eceipt of an extended furlough in ffect until such time as he is dis harged. Mr. Smith was gassed vlille fighting with the U. S. marines a France and for that reason his ischarge has been delayed. He will esume his duties the first of the nonth at Pai'rot. You have got to clean and clear he bowels thoroughly to have good enlth after months of indoor life; ou would do so now if you could ee them as you do your face or ands. Hollister's Rocky Mountain 'ea cleans and clears as nothing else Lieut. A. J. Lavelle, nephew of ity Jailer Barney Lavelle, has re urned to Butte after being dis harged from the army. Lieut. La elle was a member of the Seventy eventh division for more than a ear in France. He was in the hateau Thierry drive and was later n duty with general headquarters. Keep the little ones healthy and appy. Their tender, sensative or ans require a cooling, healing. armless remedy to prepare their tomachs for summer's heat. Hol ister's Rocky Mountain Tea is ro [able and safe, thorough but not in Funeral services will be held 'hursday for the late Richard J. Gallivan, well-known mine carpenter S rho died Sunday night following a - troke of paralysis at his home, 605 Vest Galena street. The funeral rill be directed by Daly-Shea, under Keep the little ones healthy and [appy. Their tender, sensitive or ans require a cooling, healing, armless food and blood purifier to repare their stomachs for the sum ier's heat. Goat's milk is reconm nended by leading physicians for his purpose. It has no equal for ummer complaint. Goat's milk can ie secured from the Pierce & 3rocker ranch, Box 69, R. F. D. vo. 1, Butte, Montana.-Adv. The application of the Otis Ele ator company, a foreign corporktion, o do business in Montana was filed vith Clerk and Recorder Sam L. Dr. C. M. Eddy, dentist, 204-203 3ennsylvania block. Phone 4035-W. The weekly meeting of the district chool board will be held this eve ling at the high school. Washington Market. Ground bone, ( pounds for 25c.--Adv. SUITS l!E SETTLED IN DISTRICT COURT In the suit of S. P. Wright against \lfred L. O'Brien and Monia Ducie )'Brien, the defendants withdrew heir answer and acknowledged that hey owed the sum of $1,000. Judge Jwyer awarded plaintiff $1,207, which represents the principal, in ;rest of $107 and attorney's fee of The suit of W. P. Mitchell for lamages against the Butte, Anacon la and Pacific railroad was dis- - nissed as fully settled out of court. So, also, was a similar action brought by J. P. Kill. TOTEID ORATOR WILL TALK FOR IRELAND The Rev. Dr. J. G. Mythan, an Episcopal clergyman of Norfolk, Va., will speak in the high school audi torium on Sunday night on the right of the Irish people to freedom. Dr. Mythan is noted throughout the east as an orator. The Rev. Michael Mc Cormack will preside. FRENCH AVIATOR IS OUT OF RUNNING Casa Blanca, Morocco, May 26. ieutenant Roget, a French aviator who left Paris Saturday on the first leg of a projected trans-Atlantic flight by way of Dakar to Brazil, landed last night at at IKenitra, 30 kilometers from Rabat. His machine was damaged in landing and the trans-Atlantic trip will have to be AUTO SLEUTH HERE. C. J. McAllister, special agent of the secretary of state is in Butte for the purpose of apprehending all auto drivers who have neglected to apply to the secretary of state for license numbers for their machines. He stated that persons driving cars with out 1919 license tags on both the front and rear ends of the cars will be arrested and prosecuted. BOr SUFFERS INJURY. While engaged in playing "follow my leader," Iast evening, Jack Barne coat, 8-yea;-o!d son of Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Barnecoat, 605 West Park street, fell from the-roof of a porch and sustained a compound fracture of the bones in his iight arm. The boy was taken to Murray hospital tiis morning for an X-ray examina tion of his arm. Bulletin Want Ad4 Get Results. Phone 52. Pounds of Ice S. & H. Green Trading Stamps with all cash purchases and first payment on time purchases. Shiners, the only furniture store that gives stamps with pur taken at par in exchange FOR LESS ON EASIEST OF TERIYJ8 LY YOU SAW IT IN BULLETIN. Expert Watch Repairing Watch Cleaning, $1.50 Mainsprings - -$1.00 Both Guaranteed for One People's Theater Bldg. 40 E. PARK ST. 17 S. MAIN ST. Belier aid h)igg.er than ever. A cale for the workilg class. Give us a We Have Excellent Rooms in Connection A good home for the mine A Fine Room For $3.50 Center of the City 8am . and John .. Kogffql AY YOU SAW, IT IN BULLE.IN. or a (' .C el. ti1ble lasting j)leasure catll be secured( 73 East Park 8t. Fine line of wrist watche:, signet .iiigs, cut glass, vases aind jewelry of every description. Ylour latron The Finest in Butte MAX VITT, Proprietor. 205 W. Park-1l5 8. Main
This is an article I found interesting on the Gizmodo website, by Andrew Tarantola. Head on over to their website, for a daily read! Six Ways Autodesk Reshaped The World Andrew Tarantola Yesterday 7:30 AM After three decades on the market, Autodesk’s software has radically transformed modern architecture, science, and art. In downtown San Francisco, Autodesk exhibits a rotating 20-item gallery showing 20 of its most impressive design feats. On a recent tour, Gizmodo saw the stunning range of the program’s capabilities. Engineers use it to plan the most the world’s major buildings, and scientists use it to make scale models of molecules. For an artist, it’s a way to finally design a giant dinosaur made of Lego. Here’s a look at a few highlights of the Autodesk Gallery at One Market Street, where tours start every Wednesday at 12:30pm. There isn’t an instruction booklet big enough to explain how to turn a pile of 62,500 LEGO blocks into an 2.6m tall dinosaur sculpture. Instead, Lego combined its Digital Designer software with AutoCAD to develop and test 3D models of the lambeosaurus. The company ensured its structural stability, then starting popping together the pieces. When it’s completed in 2014, the Shanghai Tower will be the largest building in all of China — a towering 128 stories tall. But at that height, the structure is subject to Shanghai’s famously tremendous winds that, if unchecked, could cause the tower to sway and potentially buckle. So, rather than build numerous small-scale models of the three potential designs and subject them to wind tunnel testing — a labour, cost, and time-intensive exercise — the team erected each in AutoCAD and virtually tested their wind resistance in a computational fluid dynamics model. This allowed the architects to reduce wind resistance in the tower’s final design by 24 per cent, before a physical model was ever made. The 1:85 scale model entered a wind tunnel test, validating the virtual results of the renderings. This 3D-printed 10,000,000:1 rendering of DNA-RNA transcription. They were created using accurate data, fed into AutoCAD, by scientific animation firm Xvivo. The new headquarters for the Masdar corporation, an energy company located in Abu Dhabi, is being heralded as a breakthrough in energy efficiency. To optimise the building’s design, the Masdar designers used AutoCAD software to configure everything — its orientation on the lot, the roof design, the shape of the solar panel array, and the shape of the cooling inlets located at the base of the main support columns. As a result, the Masdar building will consume 70 per cent less water than a similarly sized structure, and it will actually produce three per cent more energy than it consumes — making it the first positive energy building in the Middle East. When the new eastern span of the San Francisco Bay Bridge was in its design phase, sceptics worried that the world’s largest self-anchored suspension bridge, couldn’t handle the strain of morning commute traffic. To prove that the project could be accomplished, the California DoT created and disseminated realistic models of the proposed span and construction process. The idea was to gain public support and to plan how to minimize delays during lane closures. This technique was so successful that the DoT did the same for the recent Doyle Drive renovation. 3D Camera Booth Sure, you can scan physical objects into the virtual realm using laser range finders and such, but where is the fun in that? And what else are you going to use those three dozen spare cameras for? This device, designed and built by AutoDesk CEO Carl Bass, takes a series of photos of the subject, overlapping them slightly. This data is then fed into AutoCAD 123 Make where it is stitched together into a 3D model. Users can then export the model to a 3D printer or a CNC machine to cut the shapes from cardboard. Then it’s just a matter of assembly. The finished result: a bust of Carl’s kid complete with sound-activated light-up eyes.
The existing atmosphere surrounding the earth contains a little less than one percent of the inert gas Argon, an approximate total of 6.59 x 1019 grams. The isotope Argon-40 (40AR) is 99.6 percent of the total Argon. The only know source of 40Ar is the radioactive decay of Potassium-40 (40K), of which 11.2 percent decays into 40AR and the remainder into Calcium-40 (40CA). The lithosphere (outer layers) of the earth has been estimated to be 2.59 percent Potassium, of which about 0.01167 percent is 40K. An approximately total of 5 x 1021 grams of 40K in the earth of which 11.2 percent could eventually decay into 40Ar. 40K has a half life of 1.26 billion years (1.26 x 109). To generate the amount of 40Ar in the atmosphere would require in round numbers 250 million years. However the model of an 4.5 billion year old earth would estimate that around 90 percent of the 40K had decayed, so originally there could have been around 50 x 1021 grams which would decrease the generation time to about 25 million years. But 40Ar within the earth is only a small part of the story! Just because you have generated the required amount of 40AR due to decay within the earth does not mean that it will all appear in the atmosphere in a short time. Instead the majority will be trapped within the rocks of the earth until it can some how be released to the atmosphere by some type of volcanic event. When the rocks containing the 40Ar are heated to the molten state the gas will escape to the atmosphere except when it as at considerable depth and then the pressure will allow less of the gas to escape. Since there is at present relatively little volcanic action on the earth, in main that at the mid-ocean ridges and a few other isolated volcanic areas, 40Ar gas is released to the atmosphere at a very slow rate of approximately 2.2 x 109 grams per year. The figure below represents a plot of the rate of Argon release to the atmosphere, called outgassing, that has been proposed by one scientific study. from ref. http://www.geo.cornell.edu/geology/classes/ Geo656/00notes/656_00Lecture25.pdf These theories provide for a much faster outgassing rate and of course allows the present atmospheric Argon levels to be developed in 4.5 billion years since that is the age of the earth that many scientists propose. The plot of the 129Xe is of interest to us only because the study used the known decay rate of 129Iodine to 129Xe and the present atmospheric content of 129Xe to derive the proposed degassing rate. This is possible because 129Iodine has a short half life of 17 million years and today for all practical purposes no longer exists in the earth. Then using this information along with the known decay rate of 40Ar they were able to arrive at a proposed degassing rate with an initial "burp" of degassing with the early earth in a molten state. As the earth solidified the degassing rate then entered a second slower phase. The question is are their any other possibilities that would allow for the atmospheric Argon to be developed in a very short time, less than 10,000 years? a) Could the early earth have had a much higher level of 40K? To generate the required amount of 40AR in less than 10,000 years would require levels of 40K at over 10,000 times the present levels. And then the short time allowed for decay would result in better than 99.8 percent of these high levels remaining at present. Therefore this option can be ruled out! b) Possibly during the early stages of creation the decay mode was different and most all, or a very high percentage, of the 40K became 40AR. This could possibly provide up to about an eight fold acceleration in generation of Argon, but well short of the required 10,000 fold increase. c) Could the early earth being in a molten state allowed a very rapid outgassing rate, fast enough to allow the majority of the Argon to be generated on the first day? As mentioned there is an indication of an early "burp", but the time required for a considerable amount of 40Ar to be generated in the earth limits the magnitude of this initial outgassing phase. And also "And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters." of Genesis 1:2 indicates a earth during day one that had a surface cool enough for liquid water to be present. So if the earth was initially in a molten state it could only be for part of day one. Thus requiring a very long day one or ruling out this proposal. d) Some have proposed that the impacts of gaseous comets provided the main source for the early earth atmosphere. The interpretation of the early Genesis record to require creation within 6 literal days would not allow time for these proposed turbulent conditions on the earth to settle down to a reasonable steady state following such catastrophic collisions. For this to have been the source of much of the early atmosphere would again require a long day one. e) Some have proposed a very rapid burst of radioactive decay at the beginning of creation, a condition that does not fit the laws of physics as we presently know them. Such a burst could only be present during day one and day two of the creation or it would seem to subject all of the early life forms to a greater than "Chernobyl" radioactive condition which would seem to be incompatible with the development of life. "That variations in the ratio of 129Xe to other Xe isotopes as observed suggests (1) the Earth formed shortly (within 170 Ma) after a nucleosynthetic event (probably a supernova), and (2) a substantial fractionation of I from Xe must have occurred early in Earth's history. So 129Xe variations provide clues to the early degassing history of the Earth." These conclusions are contrary to this proposal and is the best science available today. Scientists have experimented and theorized about some means of increasing the isotope decay rate, for to do so might be advantageous say in energy generation, but to date no such method or possible theory has been discovered. Conclusion: The total amount of 40Ar in the atmosphere today and the results of studying the concentrations of the other noble gas levels in the atmosphere and in the earth is another strong indicator of a old age earth.
Poet: Emily Dickinson Experiment to me Volume: Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson Year: Published/Written in 1955 Poem of the Day: Sep 17 2013 Comment 1 of 1, added on June 5th, 2007 at 6:53 PM. this poem that she wrote was my number one hopefully some kids and parents take this poem and let it mean something to them. from United States Are you looking for more information on this poem? Perhaps you are trying to analyze it? The poem, Experiment to me, has received one comment so far. Click here to read it, and perhaps post a comment of your own.
Alleghany Corporation To Host Investor Day On November 22, 2013 NEW YORK, Nov. 13, 2013 NEW YORK, Nov. 13, 2013 /PRNewswire/ --Alleghany Corporation (NYSE-Y) announced today that it will host an Investor Day in New York City on Friday, November 22, from 10:30 a.m. through 3:00 p.m. EST. President and chief executive officer Weston M. Hicks, and Senior Vice President and chief financial officer Jack Sennott will be joined by senior management of Alleghany and its operating companies. Presentations will cover corporate and operating company strategies, growth initiatives and financials. Presentation slides and a simultaneous audio webcast of the Investor Day may be accessed through the Alleghany Web site at www.alleghany.com. An audio replay will also be available for one year after the event. About Alleghany Corporation Alleghany Corporation (NYSE-Y) creates value through owning and managing operating subsidiaries and investments, anchored by a core position in property and casualty reinsurance and insurance. Alleghany's property and casualty subsidiaries include: Transatlantic Holdings, Inc., a leading global reinsurer; RSUI Group, Inc., a national underwriter of property and liability specialty insurance coverages; Capitol Transamerica Corporation, an underwriter of small commercial property, casualty and surety insurance coverages; and Pacific Compensation Corporation, an underwriter of workers' compensation insurance primarily in California. SOURCE Alleghany Corporation Contact: Jeff Majtyka/Mike Smargiassi, Brainerd Communicators, Inc., Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.
Hi-Rez ‘Exploring’ Map Editor, Tools as Tribes: Ascend Updates Slow Official content updates for Hi-Rez Studios’ Tribes: Ascend might be all but ended, but it’s possible players will soon be able to take up the task of building new maps and other features where developers are leaving off. Hi-Rez co-founder Tod Harris said in an interview with Game Front that the developer is potentially exploring some elements community members have been clamoring for since Tribes: Ascend was first announced: a map editor and mod tools that would allow players to create their own content. “Really, the main community request we’re hearing, which was always a part of Tribes, is for some way for the community to create their own maps,” Harris said. “So, over the next six months, as far as what’s next for Tribes, that’s really the area we’re going to be exploring. We don’t really have any details on that, but that’s what we’re hearing mainly from the community. They’d like a way, independent of our own map schedule, which is obviously slowing down, to be able to update their own maps. We’re going to be exploring that.” “We’re looking to give users more flexibility rather than less. We’re just in the scoping process now. I don’t have any other specifics I can give other than the intent we’re going to support it.” Hi-Rez announced on Reddit earlier this week that its focus had shifted away from Tribes: Ascend, instead falling primarily on its upcoming MOBA, SMITE. It also said that game updates had been effectively suspended indefinitely: “There are no major dev updates planned for Tribes: Ascend in the next six months.” “For the next six months our primary development focus is SMITE. Beyond that it is GA2. And beyond that a TA2 would be more likely than a major update to TA; but to be clear no devs are currently working toward TA2.” “Per the development blog on our forums, the recent TA work has been Kate developing some additional maps. If time allows then these new TA maps (along with some bug-fixes) would be finalized and deployed but no committed date yet.” “We continue to support TA servers, online community events, tournaments with prizing, bringing Tribes to offline events like recent RTX and upcoming QuakeCon, and live-streaming.” Tribes: Ascend — which Game Front named one of our top games of 2012 — has only been officially released since April of that year. A free-to-play title, its business model relies on regular updates and players purchasing small bits of content in order to keep the game going. The focus away from development on Tribes: Ascend has raised questions about the title’s financial success. Mod tools and a map editor could potentially fill the gap regular content updates leave off, but Harris’ comments are by no means a guarantee, despite how excited players may be to have them. But it does seem there’s hope going forward for new Tribes: Ascend content, even if Hi-Rez isn’t producing it.
Luxurious soundfront condo living with the best of kiteboarding and watersports out your back door! Enjoy spectacular sunsets, the hot tub, grilling or watching the kiters fly by while on the fieldstone deck overlooking beautiful Pamlico Sound. Relax indoors in Coastal decor comfort with the fireplace on or cook in the gourmet kitchen with soapstone countertops. Each of the three bedrooms has its own tiled bath for easy living for you and your guests. Storage locker on ground level for your toys. Come see what makes this condo the top pick! Get a detailed community profile report via email. Click here to get your copy right away. Please fill out the form below and a community profile report will be emailed to you soon! Data Provided by Outer Banks Association of Realtors
Undergraduate Financial Aid A quality college education is an investment that will provide lifelong personal and professional rewards. At Fisher, we are committed to helping make the dream of a college education a reality for you. Accepted Undergraduate Students Learn how to view and print your financial aid package, get descriptions of financial aid awards, and more on our Financial Aid Information for New Undergraduate Students page. - Cost of Attendance - Types of Financial Aid - Financing Options - TEACH Grant - Financial Aid Terms & Conditions [pdf] Financial Aid Information Sheets Are you planning to register for summer classes at Fisher? Complete the Application for Summer Financial Aid form. This form is to be completed by part-time undergraduate and all graduate students requesting aid beginning with the summer semester. If you are a full time undergraduate student, you must also make an appointment with a financial aid counselor to discuss your options.
09.03.2012 03:27 PM Grass Valley—Graham Sharp, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development Q. What broad technology trends do you think will be front-and-center at IBC2012? I think a huge focus will be on multiplatform distribution. With the explosion in connected devices Broadcasters everywhere are trying to figure out how to serve and make additional revenues from these platforms without adding complexity, at a time when they are seeing reducing incomes as advertising revenues get spread across more channels and media outlets. At Grass Valley we believe that the technology is finally advanced enough to enable post production, production and distribution to merge into a single collaborative platform, providing multiple format outputs and increasing efficiency. We call it “Non-linear Content Production.” “Non-linear content production” will enable producers to create content once and distribute it across multiple platforms faster and more efficiently than ever before. Q. Any thoughts on how the current economic climate will affect the show? I think it will be a good show. As I mentioned earlier, the current economic climate is forcing broadcasters to look for solutions that create efficiencies and reduce costs, while at the same time offering the potential to serve new platforms and create new revenue streams. It is an exciting time; nonlinear production helps broadcasters solve these issues and with Grass Valleys’ years of experience in storage and IT infrastructure we believe we can help lead the industry into the Internet era. Q. What's new that you will show at IBC2012 and that broadcasters should look for there? We will be showcasing end-to-end workflows within the three segments we focus on: News, Live and Distribution, featuring a host of new products from cameras through to playout. In addition, we will be showing several new production tools including new versions of the K2 Dyno slow-motion controller and EDIUS, the industry’s fastest and most versatile editing platform. Grass Valley STRATUS, our media workflow application framework is a key component in each of these solutions and we will be showing a host of new features and tools as we continue the transition to end-to-end nonlinear file-based workflows. Q. How is your new product offering different from what's available on the market? Grass Valley is the only supplier that can offer complete workflow solutions from camera to playout, along with the services required to successfully install and maintain them. Besides our best-in-class switchers, servers and cameras, Grass Valley STRATUS is really setting the bar in terms of workflow management; and the K2 Dyno S replay controller is faster, more agile and has a smaller footprint than anything else currently on the market. And, did you know — EDIUS is the most-used broadcast news editor in the world? Q. Where are you based, and how many employees do you have? Anything else we should know about your company? Grass Valley is headquartered in San Francisco, Calif., and employs approximately 1,200 staff. For more than half a century Grass Valley has been the leader in broadcasting solutions, offering our customers the latest innovations and the best performance. Unmatched in the industry, our range of services and solutions leverage the economies of scale of the IT industry with our proprietary core knowledge of media processing and storage. Q. Last year I asked whether 3D was Hope, Hype or In Between. This year I want to know similar thoughts on ‘social media and broadcasters’. A key differentiator for broadcasters is going to be how they utilize the opportunities provided by social media. Using nonlinear production workflows provides broadcasters with the opportunity to easily insert the metadata that enables content to seamlessly integrate with social media. We are already seeing people posting comments about their favorite TV shows on Facebook and Twitter. The ability to create links to shows and additional content on social networking sites will eventually create lucrative, new advertising streams for broadcasters. Q. How many years have you been going to the IBC show and what's your fondest memory? What's your favourite restaurant or pub? Grass Valley has been exhibiting at IBC since the beginning and I personally have never missed a year, although with a couple of different companies. My fondest personal memory is from my years in a startup, where we had no money and a bunch of us stayed in an apartment and travelled around on cycles. It seemed less stressful than life in the big corporations! My favourite pub in the past was probably the Jolly Sailor. Now, it is De Wildeman, in the alley behind the Crown Plaza. It’s also across the road from rather a good Indian Restaurant.
Be sure to follow our latest Live Blog Here. Tonight: Storms Ending Lows: 70s | Precipitation: 50% Thursday: Showers and Storms Likely, Not as Hot Highs: Low 90s | Precipitation: 70% Friday: Mostly Cloudy and Cooler, Showers Likely Highs: Mid 80s | Precipitation: 50% SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH in effect until 9 pm this evening…… HEAT ADVISORY in effect until 9 pm this evening….. As a cold front slowly moves from PA into MD, scattered to numerous showers and thunderstorms are developing…and some have become severe. These storms will continue to form and move across the area through this evening. After the storms end, it will remain very warm and muggy overnight. Temperatures will only reach the lower 90s tomorrow but humidity levels will remain fairly high and with the cold front still close to the area…more showers and thunderstorms are possible. By Friday, temperatures will drop to more a more bearable range in the middle 80s. An area of low pressure passing close to our area may trigger more scattered showers and thunderstorm. By the weekend, high pressure will start to build back across the region. An isolated shower or storm is possible on Saturday. Otherwise, we expect Saturday and Sunday to be partly cloudy with highs in the middle to upper 80s.
The IRS wants to tax your illegal income As ridiculous as it sounds, the federal government requires that money acquired through illegal means be reported and taxed just like legitimate income. It’s right there on the official IRS tax instructions: “Income from illegal activities, such as money from dealing illegal drugs, must be included in your income on Form 1040, line 21, or on Schedule C or Schedule C-EZ (Form 1040) if from your self-employment activity.” Not surprisingly, tax experts say few criminals declare their loot. But some do, often when they’ve either been caught during that tax year or think they are about to be caught, says San Francisco tax attorney Stephen Moskowitz, who has helped several clients document their illegal gains. Their goal is to avoid getting charged twice: once for their initial crime, and again for evading the taxes on their windfall. After all, it was tax charges that ultimately put away Al Capone. Many of today’s criminals who choose to declare their illegal income are facing embezzlement charges, according to Moskowitz. Like Tom Hughes, a New England accountant who was caught — multiple times — stealing money from his clients. “I knew the money was taxable, there was no doubt about that,” says Hughes, who now runs an anti-fraud consultancy called Hire-a-thief. “I had already been caught, and I didn’t want to face federal tax charges.” He paid taxes on his illegal gains in 1999 and 2001, and again in 2004, after he stole from another client. After a nine-month prison stint, Hughes swears he’s now reformed. So how many self-confessed crooks does the Internal Revenue Service deal with each year? The agency isn’t saying. A spokesman declined to discuss the issue, saying only that declaring illegal income “is what the law requires.” Documenting illegal income is tricky, Moskowitz says. The IRS doesn’t require any details on the return beyond an approximation of how much you made. The hard part comes if you get audited. There’s usually no paper trail, so IRS agents will typically ask for the names and contact information for people that may have been part of the illegal transaction, Moskowitz says. The agency will then try to verify your numbers with them. If you tell the IRS you made $1 million from stealing money or dealing drugs, does the agency tip off the cops? Legally, it can’t, unless a law-enforcement agency gets a court order granting it access to a specific taxpayer’s return. The IRS isn’t supposed to proactively alert other agencies about misdeeds unless terrorism is involved. In that case, it still needs a court order to disclose anything, but the IRS can initiate the legal process on its own. The rules are all spelled out in an IRS guide to “section 6103,” the law that covers tax-return confidentiality. Like many legal statutes, it’s complex and filled with loopholes. For example, the IRS might not be allowed to share the contents of actual tax returns on its own initiative, but it can divulge supplemental information obtained from outside sources — like witnesses interviewed in an audit investigation — “to apprise federal criminal law enforcement agencies of possible crimes,” according to the agency’s guide. In practice, Moskowitz says he thinks information about illegal activities gets shared. “Do they report you to other agencies?” he asks. “Absolutely.” Other experts agree. “The IRS would most certainly immediately report it to law enforcement,” says Joseph Henchman, vice president of legal and state projects at the Tax Foundation, a think tank. The IRS’ spokesman declined to comment on the issue. Here’s one upshot to declaring ill-gotten gains: If taxes are paid on it initially, and restitution is part of any settlement or judgment, that restitution is then tax-deductible, says Moskowitz. If you decide to disclose your illegal loot, make sure to do it with the assistance of a tax attorney, not any old accountant. “If there’s anything we suspect is criminal, the first thing we do is tell people to get legal advice,” says Gil Charney, principal tax researcher at H&R Block’s Tax Institute. “We don’t have attorney-client privilege. If The IRS or any law enforcement agency contacts us, we have to provide that information.”
This is the Stapelia variegata (more correctly Orbea variegata) I got from Cactus Jungle earlier this summer. I'd said at the time that I didn't necessarily expect flowers ever, but I'd given it an outdoor spot, and we'd see what happened. Then at the beginning of September, I saw a couple buds: And then there was an agonizing couple weeks while I waited for them to develop enough to open and hoped that they wouldn't fall off. At some point during this wait, I noticed the plant had grown a lot in the three months it's been here. I hadn't realized how small it was to begin with. It also lost the red color it had when it arrived, as you can see. That was never very likely to last, considering how little light I can offer indoors, though I'm surprised that it couldn't keep the color on the west side of a house, outdoors, in a summer when it almost never rained. In any case, the flower finally opened on 18 September, and it was worth the wait: It's only about 2.5 in / 7 cm in diameter, much smaller than the S. gigantea flower. The smell was similar to S. gigantea: unpleasant, but not strong enough to be detectable outside a fairly small radius of the plant, though flies seemed to find it just fine. (In the ten minutes or so that I had it out in front of the house to get pictures, there were at least five flies buzzing around it. None ever actually landed on the flower while I was taking pictures, which is just as well for my purposes but makes me wonder whether the flower was perhaps not fully charged yet, or something. They may also have just been confused about the location: it was a windy morning.) As is customary with Stapelia blooms, I let Sheba sniff it for a while. She was very interested, and sniffed pretty long and hard, then pronounced it plodding and pedestrian, without the playful, impish notes of squirrel carrion or the complexity and layering of feces. She'd been more enthusiastic about the S. gigantea smell. This will probably be the last time I ask her for a stapeliad review. The back of the flower reminds me a bit of a hellebore: The plant has a good six or seven more buds on it. This is a little worrisome. One flower's smell isn't intolerable, but I don't know what two, or four, might be like. The most compelling reasons to allow multiple buds to open simultaneously would be for 1) pictures and 2) the opportunity to get some seed pods. As for the latter: a quick skim of this page, which goes into considerable botanical detail about how stapeliads are pollinated, only revealed that it's too complicated to figure out from a quick skim. We have a lot of houseflies that have been trying to take shelter in the house, as the days have gotten colder; I may just leave the matter in their capable
This would be a huge plotline for Keeping Up With The Kardashians for sweeps week if (1) the show's cameras were actually rolling during Kimye's wedding prep and (2) it weren't arguably too sad/dramatic for the show, for real. Rob Kardashian arrived at LAX airport this afternoon, having flown back from Europe, and missed his sister's wedding. TMZ says Rob booked his flight last night following some "major family drama," though it's unclear if this happened before or after Kimye's big party at the Palace of Versailles. (For what it's worth, there have yet to be any photos of Rob either at the event or going to/returning from it, despite a group shot of all his siblings with Lana Del Rey popping up.) TMZ also says Rob "was in tears while desperately trying to secure a seat," presumably not just because crying helps secure you a seat upgrade. (It doesn't; airlines are stone-cold.) So it's hard to believe that whatever unpleasantness went down wasn't bad enough that it could/would have cast at least a bit of a shadow over the day's happy proceedings for all involved, which is a real shame, however you feel about the family. But that didn't stop TMZ's people from badgering Rob once he arrived at LAX, and their post includes sad video footage of him trying to avoid the paparazzi's questions and, in particular, one photographer butchering the pronunciation of opera singer Andrea Bocelli's name. Let's Giddily Overanalyze the First Blurry Photo From Kimye's Wedding Ceremony New Reports Confirm Kimye's Wedding Set for Florence, Italy Exclusive: All the Names On (and Off) Kimye's Wedding Guest List Follow Alex on Twitter. Photo credit: Splash News
The combination of watching TPM lately and rearranging my prequel trilogy display cabinet helped me to realize how we could really use new versions of the main characters from both TPM and AOTC. Maybe "vintage" isn't the right area for it, but if we can't get them in the basic line I hope that we see the Evolutions concept resurrected. Its been discussed before, but there are several figures that really could use new incarnations. The TPM figures seem pretty dated compared to the ROTS/TSC offerings, and many of the AOTC era figures are in the statue/non articulated style. Some I'd like to see re-done now, whatever line we can get them in: The Phantom Menace Qui-Gon Jinn - one of my favorite PT characters, and his figures really aren't too stellar. Give us one in the style of ROTS Pilot/TSC Obi-Wan Kenobi. Obi-Wan Kenobi - Again, his figures just look basic compared to what has been done in recent years. Ditto on the ROTS Pilot version, heck just sculpt a new head and they'd be pretty close. Padme Amidala - We can always use more Padmes, so basically take your pick here. A new, well articulated one would be welcome. Jar Jar Binks - This is one we probably won't see, and not that I'm a big fan of Binks either, but his figure(s) either look dated or really static. A new SA one wouldn't be so bad. Anakin Skywalker - Not sure if we need a new one or not, the first version really isn't too bad - just under articulated. We'd probably be surprised at how much better they could make one now though. Attack of the Clones Obi-Wan Kenobi - The Outlander Club one isn't too bad, but again, they could do one (maybe just a new head) in the style of the ROTS/TSC version and we'd be set. Mace Windu - Either movie really, but we still really haven't gotten a decent version of Mace. Padme - Again, tons of version to choose from. I wouldn't mind having a new SA version of the Arena Padme. The "Factory Chase" one isn't too bad, aside from the screaming face sculpt. Maybe a new head on that figure would go a ways. Jango Fett - One that's been mentioned a lot, but the versions we've gotten in the past aren't the greatest. My favorite is probably the "Kamino Escape" version, but it could really be improved on. Base it off the VOTC Boba Fett sculpt, and maybe retool/repaint a few things - or maybe an all new sculpt is needed. I'm pretty satisfied overall with the ROTS offerings. We've got a good Obi-Wan, the Evolutions Anakin is pretty nice (although it could have been in the basic line too), the Padme we got isn't bad (but we could always use more), and within the basic line and Evolutions sets we got nice versions of Dooku, Palpatine, clones, Jedi, etc. If anything, we could maybe use different versions of Palps that we haven't seen (or that could be improved on), more Padmes, and as always, more clones. As far as the other movies, Anakin might be decently covered through the Evolutions sets (aside from kiddo Anakin), and the Obi-Wans might be able to be done with just new heads on the ROTS/TSC figure. Anyways, this just came to mind again after re-arranging some of those prequel figures recently. I really hope we see all new sculpts for Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan (TPM/AOTC), Mace Windu, and Jango Fett if nothing else.
Fitness tips, health studies, and lots of sex research. The news that affects your life, in one daily email. The latest fashion news, grooming tips, and style advice for the real world delivered weekly. Fitness Director Adam Campbell shares the secrets he's learned in the Men's Health exercise lab, delivered every Wednesday. Learn the latest weight-loss research and nutrition and diet tips to lose your gut without starving. Get the best sex and relationship advice from the Girl Next Door every Wednesday. U.S. Bobsledder Steve Langton can jump over most people's heads. We take a look at how he does it on this edition of Freaks of Fitness.
Hello! My name's Luise and I've been permaculturing for over two years now. I'm a PDC graduate, currently working on my diploma and turning my little garden into a permaculture paradise. I've been living in Germany and happily beekeeping there, using Warré's methods. Now I'm moving to VT and I'd love to get to know some natural beekeepers in VT or neighbouring states. Anyone out there? Have a great day! Luise Please move this topic if this part of the forum is not ideal for it - maybe beekeepers tend to mingle more in the critter care section? Joined: May 26, 2010 I'm not sure where in VT you'll be- but I keep bees in top bar hives here. Joined: Apr 19, 2011 Location: Wetern Central Vermont Totally check out Kirk Webster. Hes a bee keeping legend and is one of the chillest guys I have ever talked to about the subject (he came and gave a lecture to one of my classes at Green Mountain College). Also check out the Honey Gardens in Ferrisburgh. That guy applies his products in a therapeutic kind of way ( Im looking at a jar right now that says "apitherapy". Good luck and welcome to Vermont! Joined: Apr 07, 2011 Thank you so much, foundsailor! I just looked at Kirk Webster's webpage was immensely pleased and surprised to find that he is a treatment-free beekeeper. I don't treat my bees here and they are doing fine, but from what I read on the VT agriculture site it seemed like that would not be an option in VT. Now I'm inspired and looking forward to getting in touch with Kirk Webster!
Tales of the unexpected with The Boy, my pride and joy. December 30, 2012 by TheBoyAndMe 1 Comment December 30, 2012 at 3:19 am Wow I've always wanted to watch this! Did you have a good time? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
Shop by Category Shop by Color Wrap yourself in layers of luxury with west elm's beautiful modern bedding. Indulge in our organic bedding and duvet covers, and find everyday bedding accessories, including pillows and bed skirts, to complete the look. west elm bedding includes duvets, quilts, sheet sets, monogram bedding, pillows, throws, blankets and mattresses in a variety of colors including, whites, neutrals, bright colors, muted colors, earthy tones and shades of gray.
View Full Version : Sox/Fans Article at muvillemagazine.com 10-01-2004, 08:21 PM Not to toot my own horn (okay, I'm tooting...), but there is a pretty good article about Sox fans by Peter Schilling, Jr. at mudvillemagazine.com: I'm quoted extensively both from a phone interview and through my "Natural Law" columns here. Also quoted are Scott Reifert of the Sox, Peter Elliot of Park Life fame, and Dr. David Fletcher of "Reinstate Buck Weaver" fame. Unfortunately, Schilling still doesn't quite get it. I think he'd rather have us be more "colorful" and believe in curses and fate and all of that utter BS. I guess that's easier to write about. Still, I think what he did quote should pretty much get the essence of what it means to be a Sox fan to those who might "get it." 10-01-2004, 08:56 PM One of the best articles I've seen about the subject of White Sox fans. It really got to the core of White Sox fans and you could take his description, compare it against the average Cubs fan and see a stark contrast which leads to the animosity. The article was probably aided by the fact its author was coming from a non-Chicago midwest prospective (Let's be honest with ourselves, most of Chicago stands in contrast to the midwest and in comparison with the more cosmopolitan New York, Boston, San Francisco, etc.). I highly recommend this article. 10-01-2004, 09:11 PM I know I'm in the minority here, but I do believe we are cursed. Okay, a long time ago our team was a juggernaut and destined to win it all. But fed up with their cheap boss, they conspired to lose on purpose for cash because they would make more money that way. They were caught and brought to trial in the single ugliest moment in baseball's history, and in the process nearly destroyed the game's integrity completely. All the players involved were banned for life and we haven't won a world series since. It's just a coinky-dink, right? I don't think so. The popular reason for our lack of winning is bad management, which we've had in spades. Sure, it all starts at the top. If you have an owner who won't spend money to improve the team or a stupid owner who tries and fails, you have no chance either way. But did you ever consider that having bad owners is part of the curse? Fate brought Reinsdorf and company to own this team. He was never a Sox fan...if he had his druthers, he'd probably be sipping piña coladas from a skybox at Chavez Ravine. But the Sox were up for the taking, so him and his boys took over. If you think about it WE are the only ones in baseball who've done anything truly worthy of an eternal curse. The cubs wouldn't let some hick bring his freakin' goat into the park. If I were a cub fan and could go back, I'd do it again...get that mangy, stinkin' thing off my property! And the Red Sox traded someone to another team. Wow, what evil b#$#@rds they are. Us, on the other hand, well, we nearly destroyed the game by trading the ultimate prize for extra pocket money. Hey, if anyone is cursed, it's us. It does make me feel a little better thinking that something divine and out of our hands is responisble for our failures. But I don't embrace it. I just acknowledge it. 10-01-2004, 09:13 PM One of the best articles I've seen about the subject of White Sox fans. It really got to the core of White Sox fans and you could take his description, compare it against the average Cubs fan and see a stark contrast which leads to the animosity. The article was probably aided by the fact its author was coming from a non-Chicago midwest prospective (Let's be honest with ourselves, most of Chicago stands in contrast to the midwest and in comparison with the more cosmopolitan New York, Boston, San Francisco, etc.). I highly recommend this article.I think I had the biggest problem with this: I'm a romantic at heart, and maybe that is why I had to leave Michigan, with its soul crushing blue collar pessimism. Suggesting natural law, or fate, cuffs the spirit. You can't beat natural law, you can't beat fate, but you can fight a curse. You can wear the same t-shirt to every playoff game and not eat in the fifth through seventh innings to bring good luck to your pitcher. You can pray to your god, kiss a rosary or hold séances in center field to appease ghosts. Curses are meant to be endured... and broken. Baseball, merely a game, is about hope and promise and even silly things like good luck and bad. But the White Sox faithful feel that rally caps and appeasing a dead ballplayer won't beat a mediocre stadium, won't defeat the drawback of trying to attract quality players to the Sox, won't erase injuries, plain or bizarre. Sox fans suffer from the same sort of blue collar angst that keeps places like Chicago's South Side, Detroit, Michigan, and Gary, Indiana in the doldrums, seemingly forever. Good luck won't bring jobs and rebuild a downtown. It won't rebuild old Comiskey. This is life, and that's nothing you can do about it. And that's pretty sad. I prefer to think that my view of the Sox has more to do with 50 years of putting up with the same crap year after year after year than it does with the kind of blue collar angst blah blah blah. However, that's about the only real problem I have with the article...well that and the fact that he seemed to miss the fact that H. Vickery's law is strictly tongue in cheek, my way of satirizing the curses attributed to the Flubs while pointing out that there really is no such thing as luck or curses or anything of the sort. What happens happens. And a lot of what happens to us comes from unfortuitous happenstance orn most often from bad ownership. 10-02-2004, 11:15 AM I thought it was a very good article, except for being over done a bit with the curses I thought it was good at capturing the way we all feel. The roots of Sox fans and just their general nature was captured very well in this article. I thought an excellent job overall. vBulletin® v3.8.7, Copyright ©2000-2015, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.
Time flies! Last year around now, I was moving to a completely new city, meeting strangers I would not have otherwise met, and doing lele homework until the wee hours of the morning. No matter how much the 2nd years tried to drill into our heads that jobs are more important, we just refused to buy it. Last night, I was sitting with my buddy Eric in the case rooms applying to jobs. It was dejavu to its max. As I passed by the stuffy hallways, I noticed all the “trees” drawn on the whiteboard. Of course, decision trees! In the spirit of decision trees, I just want to share some 2nd year wisdom with the 1st years. All the things that the 2nd years are telling you right now are for you to not go down that dead node in your decision tree. I understand you all are overwhelmed with information, but take a minute and chew on them. Your ultimate goal for getting an MBA degree is to get that dream job you’ve been longing for. Don’t put off the networking, career coaching until later! When you realize that you have to get back on the job wagon, it’s already too late. I will end with the title of Incubus’s newest album: “If not now, when?”. Oh man, tonight is the biggest event of the AMBAA. We have a great line-up of student performers and professional performers, each of them bringing a piece of their culture and heritage. On top of that, this entire event is MC’ed by yours truly. I haven’t really done anything like this before, so I’m extremely nervous. Nevertheless I think this is what being an MBA student is about, stepping out of your comfort zone. I see this as a great opportunity to promote the AMBAA’s presence at Smith, and also hone my public speaking skills. Practice makes perfect, I am looking forward to tonight! This event was hosted by yours truly and Karan Arora (also a 1st Year MBA). Karan put together an amazing video recollecting the two Asia trips that took place this winter. We interviewed the participants of the China Business Competition in Beijing, also the Study Abroad Trip to India and put together a short film describing their experiences. We also had a panel with Julie Mullins, Ken Chen, Eric Choi and Pradeep Suthram, they answered many questions regarding business etiquette in Asia and shared interesting tidbits of their trip. Overall the event was a success, it was both informative and entertaining. Btw, the Vietnamese sandwiches were really delicious! In every spring semester at Smith, we dedicate an entire week to celebrate the diversity of the school. We started the week with a Chinese New Year Party at Mandarin Delight. The main color theme of the night was red, which represents good luck in the Chinese culture. We taught everyone how to sing the Chinese New Years song, everyone was really into it and sang along. It was an honor to have Professor Lele and Professor Bailey each heading a team to participate in the dumpling making contest! Professor Lele’s team prevailed, but I am not sure how many dumplings can survive in the boiling water to be eaten afterwards. What a week! Two internship interviews, internship search, case write-ups, team project meetings, Graduate Assistant meeting, new markets growth fund applications…Luckily, thursday classes were canceled due to the snow. The most difficult part was adjusting my sleeping schedule from 1.5 months time off. The classes for this semester are really interesting, a lot of case based class discussions. I’m looking forward to the exciting opportunities and challenges ahead! After a much anticipated and lengthy winter break, I am finally back to school. The pre-class jitters have occupied my mind for the better part of week. With all the school work ahead and preparations for interviews, I am very overwhelmed to say the least. But I am looking forward to see my friends from MBA, I want to hear about their winter experiences, whether it’s traveling around the world or internship search etc. I am excited and nervous about my own internship interviews as well, I am trying to prepare for two on-campus interviews that are coming up this week. Wish me luck! Growing up in New Jersey, I have always been curious about what goes on in the skyscrapers in NYC. The concrete jungles were merely blocks with lights that made up the NYC skyline. My goal is to explore what’s inside of those buildings. Luckily, the Finance Association organized a Career Trek for the finance-focuses MBA students to visit some of the biggest players in the financial industry. The Bank of America Tower at One Bryant Park is a 1,200 ft (366 m) skyscraper in the Midtown Manhattan district of New York City, in the United States. It is located on Sixth Avenue, between 42nd and 43rd Street, opposite Bryant Park. The US$1 billion project has been designed by Cook+Fox Architects to be one of the most efficient and ecologically friendly buildings in the world. It is the second tallest building in New York City, after the Empire State Building, and the fourth tallest building in the United States. Construction was completed in 2009. JPMorgan Chase Tower at 270 Park Avenue, New York One Beacon Court (also called the Bloomberg Tower), is a skyscraper on the East Side of Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It houses the headquarters of Bloomberg L.P. in the lower floors and luxury condominiums in the higher floors. It is located at 731 Lexington Avenue between East 58th and 59th streets. It is currently the 15th tallest building in New York and the 46th tallest in the United States. The building’s zip code is 10022. It was such an eye-opening experience to walk into these buildings and talk with our alumni that work at these perspective companies. Discussing current issues with Senior Bankers and Managing Directors of these big firms seemed surreal, at the same time informative. NY Trek definitely bridged the gap between my goals and reality. I look forward to the challenges that I will face during my internship search in NYC, because dreams are made in these concrete jungles. I came to business school for many reasons: advance my education and build a new network of friends to name a couple. However, there has been one benefit that I had not counted on. It never factored into the equation when I was comparing business schools. It never made it into the schedule of major events and classes that I made before attending Smith. It never even entered my mind until orientation. I can only be talking about one thing: flag football. Unless I get a scholarship from Maryland to be their punter, it’s the closest any of us will get to a meaningful sporting event for a long, long, long time. Taking the ride over to the fields, Rick Spadaro (WR, 5’9’’, 165lbs, Drexel University, Strength: Speed, Needs to work on: Humility, Most like: Wes Welker), Anthony Moniello (WR/FS, 6’0’’, 185lbs, George Washington University, Strength: Coverage, Needs to work on: Capturing the Sleeve Monster, Most like: Troy Polamalu), and I (TE, 6’5’’, 250lbs, Washington and Lee University, Strength: Soft Hands, Needs to work on: not making fun of his friends in blog posts, Most like: Antonio Gates) get pumped up for the game by blasting “All I Do Is Win” (that’s right, we haven’t lost a game yet). Once the game starts, we’re like our school: all business (only corny joke I swear). Something happens when you play under those Monday Night Lights. The air feels crisper and the turf causes more raspberries. Our defense is stalwart; our offense, relentless. As the pressure builds, we keep our composure, but still continue to joke about how we’re adding or dropping each other from our fantasy teams. After the victory, we hold our own informal team dinner, whether it is at Cal Tort, Chick-fil-a, or the case rooms doing finance homework. And after our Monday night games, what is there to look forward to the rest of the week? Oh ya, our coed games on Tuesday nights. This week has been one of my busiest weeks here at Smith. The 7-week long core courses had come to an end. We had a final exam in Managerial Economics on Monday and a final exam in Financial Accounting on Wednesday. Our Human Capital & Leadership professor also had “strategically” sandwiched a quiz in between those finals on Tuesday (Professor Chen, I still like your class!). Needless to say my sleep to study ratio was disproportionally magnified during those days. After getting over the post-exam jitters, I had some time to reflect on my first MBA class experience on my drive back to New Jersey. I was astonished on how many topics we covered in those classes. From write-offs, allowance to impairment loss and accumulated other cumulative income (AOCI), Professor Hann has covered the universal language of business. The Swahili-looking balance sheets and cash-flow statements had been translated to meaningful business transactions in my eyes. The asymmetric curves and lines that professor Sampson had drawn in economics class are now tools to describe the market’s supply and demand. Although I sighed with the feeling of relief after those exams, my curiosity has never been so heightened about the more advanced classes that Smith has to offer. Next week, spring registration is set to start. After looking at the elective schedules, I am faced with another dilemma: there are so many classes that I want to take, but there aren’t enough time in the day to take all of them! How best to relax? It was the question I kept asking myself during study breaks the weekend before our Financial Management and Data Models and Decisions tests. I wanted to do something different, and not just celebrate with the cracking of a beer. After brainstorming with a classmate, we decided to go to a Terps soccer game. Initially, I believed this would be a small event, but more and more people kept expressing interest in attending as well, and soon we had about 20 people confirmed. After the tests, we met in a case room to eat some dinner and collectively exhale after a tough day. We deserved a break and a reason to act unlike MBA students. With our brains fried from all the studying, we were in the perfect mood to cheer like hooligans at the World Cup. And to us, it might as well have been. I’m sure the other people around did not enjoy our excessive enthusiasm, but we didn’t care. It was a bunch of people who still didn’t really know each other coming together to root, yell, and (for some) go shirtless in supporting our new favorite soccer team (please don’t tell anyone I still have some allegiances to the opponent that day). As much fun as the soccer game was, I enjoyed the dinner in the case room more – twenty people in a small case room makes for a lot of intimacy. I just can’t wait for the next round of tests to come, because I know we’ll do something similar, yet completely different from the norm to collectively relax. Adam is a fellow 1st Year MBA student at the Smith School. He is in the same track as me, therefore we have every core class together. It is great to have Adam in the classroom, his witty and intelligent comments definitely lightens up the classroom. I look forward to more posts from Adam, I hope you are too.
BARCLAYS ATP WORLD TOUR FINALS 2012 Del Potro Intent On Being Part Of The Club In 2013 by ATP Staff| After coming up one set shy of reaching the title match at the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, World No. 7 Juan Martin del Potro shared his goal of competing alongside the ATP’s top trio of Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Andy Murray in the 2013 season. “Being in the semi-finals in this tournament is so big for me,” said the 24-year-old Argentine. “It’s still Federer, Djokovic, Murray and me. It was the same four players in the Olympics, and in the US Open - the last Grand Slam - was Murray and Djokovic in the final. So those big names are in every big tournament. Sometimes I can be part of them. It’s going to be my big challenge for the next year.” The 2009 US Open champion once again proved his ability to defeat the world’s best this season. He beat Djokovic in the bronze medal match at the London 2012 Olympics, and posted consecutive wins over Federer two weeks ago in the Swiss Indoors Basel final and on Saturday at The O2. (He has not played Murray since 2009.) “These kind of matches give me illusions for the next season,” he shared. “I beat Roger yesterday. I was close to beating Nole today. In the end, they are too good for me, but I’m getting closer every day. “Maybe it could be my big challenge for next year, my big goal, trying to fight at all Grand Slams with this group. They win all the Grand Slams: Novak, Federer, Rafa and now Murray. I would like to be part of those names in the Grand Slams.” Del Potro reached the quarter-finals at three of the four majors and won a career-high 65 matches in 2012. In addition to his bronze medal, he captured four ATP World Tour titles, including back-to-back triumphs at the Erste Bank Open in Vienna and in Basel over the final weeks of the season to clinch his first trip to The O2 since his runner-up finish to Nikolay Davydenko in 2009. “It was so nice for me,” he said of his experience this week. “All the crowd was full for every singles match and doubles matches. The players love that. We enjoy when many people come to see our games and enjoy the games. I have big fans from Argentina who came to watch me here. It’s amazing. I think this tournament is so good to enjoy, and the crowd was fantastic with all the players. “Now I close the year at a very good level. I have been among the four last persons in this tournament, so that means a lot for me. I’m glad with my year.”
View Full Version : Jake one year on 30th April 2011, 03:09 PM this year has gone so quickly run free my little swadow 30th April 2011, 04:49 PM Thinking of you today:hug: Jasper and Holly 1st May 2011, 09:38 AM 1st May 2011, 12:51 PM We never forget them, never. 1st May 2011, 01:28 PM Just beautiful....I can't imagine a heaven with our Cavvies. They are little angels...truly!*ng*l 1st May 2011, 08:05 PM Thinking of you and Jake today, Aileen. They live on in our hearts and memories for ever, don't they? 1st May 2011, 09:05 PM Such a very handsome dog - so sad for you and thinking of you today. 2nd May 2011, 10:09 AM What a sweet looking boy.Thinking of you xxx 2nd May 2011, 11:39 PM a year goes by so quickly, but when your mourn a loved one, time can go so slow. Thinking of you... 2nd May 2011, 11:55 PM Thinking of you. It's amazing how quickly the time passes, but never fills the hole left in our heart by these precious animals. 5th May 2011, 01:31 PM They are still with us in our memories. He was a very handsome boy. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.1 Copyright © 2015 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
I wonder what Victor Hugo would think of the musical based on his book, “Les Misérables.” The Broadway show has certainly surpassed the book in terms of popularity, to the point that there may be a significant number of fans who have no idea it was ever anything else. The novel is more ponderous, more focused on the plight of the poor and destitute in France at the time, whereas the musical is bombastic and full of elaborate set pieces. This is just as true in the new Academy Award-nominated film. There isn’t much about the film that hasn’t already been covered. It’s certainly good—one of the film best musicals I’ve seen in recent years. But there hasn’t been a lot of recent competition. And while there are several incredible performances in the movie, it is by no means equal to the stage show. What the film has is a wider canvass on which to paint the setting—it has visual effects that are stunning and vast. It feels like France, despite all the English. I might have enjoyed it more in French, but this is America after all. My only complaint is that the film is a musical and music should take precedence. The settings and costumes should all take a backseat to the songs. There isn’t room for movie stars with mediocre voices. For the uninitiated, the story follows convict Jean Val Jean, who was imprisoned for 20 years after stealing a loaf of bread. He finds that 19th century France is unforgiving of men with a past and flees his parole to start a new life. He is pursued by the unrelenting Javert, an officer who believes that all criminals are doomed to repeat their crimes. Over the course of the film, Valjean takes in the daughter of a dying prostitute and moves from city to city, hoping for peace. However, peace in France is hard to achieve when the masses are starving. The narrative structure of the film is told entirely through song—there is no dialogue. This is an especially difficult form of musical, one that requires absolute professionals. When the film succeeds, it soars. Anne Hathaway is absolutely stunning as Fantine. Her accolades are well deserved. Hugh Jackman, despite his resume as a Broadway performer, is not quite up to the task of Jean Valjean. Valjean is a very difficult part and Jackman is singing at the top of his range, which at times can be grating. Russell Crowe is miscast as Javert—he is a fine actor and a competent singer, but his voice just isn’t right for the part. Luckily, there are other Broadway actors who fill out the company well. Samantha Barks has some especially powerful scenes. However, for a film like this to work, everyone needs to be at the same level and the weak parts of the cast are noticeable. I’ll admit that “Les Miz” isn’t my favorite musical. There are only three or four good songs in the entire show, strung together with recitative that doesn’t move or inspire. This is mostly personal preference, however, and doesn’t make the film any less impressive. The staging and scope of the visuals are likely to please fans to no end. The opening scene alone is worth the price of admission. I simply prefer a different style of musical —“Guys and Dolls” for instance, or “Singing in the Rain.” Both of those musicals have wonderful film interpretations and I hope that Hollywood knows to leave well enough alone. If the success of “Les Misérables” is any indication, there may soon be an influx of big-budget Hollywood musicals. The film has exploded in terms of both box office draw and critical acclaim. It isn’t that there is a larger for fan base for the musical —“Rent” likely has more fans—but “Les Misérables” has struck a chord with audiences, as well as the Academy. If this is the beginning of a trend, I hope Hollywood understands that most actors aren’t Broadway quality singers and Anne Hathaway isn’t always available. A bit of caution goes a long way. Unfortunately, Hollywood isn’t known for proportionate responses.
Discipline won Test, says Pollock PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, March 21 (AFP) - South Africa beat the West Indies by 69 runs in the second Test at Queens Park Oval Wednesday in what South African captain Shaun Pollock described as "the most intense Test match I have played in." Pollock said his team had won because "we stuck to our disciplines and our game plan." Starting the last day needing another 200 runs to win with nine wickets standing, the West Indies quickly lost four wickets for 19 runs to crash to 51 for five. Such a good start to the day was a bonus, admitted Pollock, but he said his players showed their worth during a 92-run stand between Ramnaresh Sarwan and West Indian captain Carl Hooper. "It was a waiting game and a patience game," said Pollock. "We discussed the fact that every now and then partnerships would develop and that when it happened we had to hang in. We knew that when a break came we could go through." So effectively did South Africa hang in that Sarwan and Hooper could add only 57 runs during the afternoon session before Sarwan succumbed to the pressure and was caught at square leg trying to hook. That started another collapse in which the last five wickets fell for 19 runs. Pollock said the slow pitch and slow scoring rate added to the intensity of a match in which he said fortunes shifted throughout. West Indian captain Carl Hooper said he was disappointed with the collapse Wednesday morning. "We had four days of good cricket and then fell away today," he said. Hooper said more application was needed by the batsmen. "We need to turn 40s into hundreds," he said. But Hooper said he was heartened that the West Indies had shown they were competitive during the first two Tests of a five-match series. The first match in Georgetown, Guyana, Sarwan fell to a spectacular catch shortly before tea. Just when it seemed his stand with Hooper had swung the game back to the West Indies, Sarwan hooked Jacques Kallis and Nicky Boje, fielding about 45m from the bat, turned and leaped to hold a fine catch. Ridley Jacobs, who made 93 not out in the first innings, was the last major batsman and he started aggressively before being run out. Called for a leg bye by Hooper, Jacobs was beaten by the speed and accurate throw of Herschelle Gibbs who raced in from backward point to pick up the ball near the batsmans wicket and throw down the stumps at the bowlers end. Hooper finished with 54 not out after batting for 230 minutes. He faced 172 balls and hit five fours. Kallis finished with four for 40. Allan Donald took the first two wickets of the morning after the West Indies resumed at 32 for one. South African captain Shaun Pollock had Chris Gayle caught behind and Makhaya Ntini claimed the prize wicket of Brian Lara with his first delivery of the innings. The West Indies slide started in the fourth over of the day when nightwatchman Dinanath Ramnarine edged a hard catch to Kallis at second slip off Donald without adding to the 11 runs he scored Tuesday. Marlon Samuels hit two impressive boundaries but had made only nine when he went on the back foot to Donald and edged another catch to Kallis at second slip. With several deliveries keeping low, going back was becoming increasingly hazardous but Gayle, after making a solid 23, went back to Pollock and edged a low catch to wicketkeeper Mark Boucher. Donald was rested after a spell of 7-3-8-2 and his replacement, Ntini, struck a crucial blow with his first delivery, dismissing star batsman Lara for the third time in successive innings. Lara went back on his stumps and was struck low on the pad. West Indian umpire Billy Doctrove gave him out but replays showed the ball had pitched well outside leg stump.
International Advances in Writing Research: Cultures, Places, Measures Publication date: September 2012 Digital Book format: PDF (Adobe DRM) You save: $1.01 (4%) PERSPECTIVES ON WRITING, Series Editor, SUSAN H. MCLEOD | The thirty chapters in INTERNATIONAL ADVANCES IN WRITING RESEARCH: CULTURES, PLACES, MEASURES were selected from the more than 500 presentations at the Writing Research Across Borders II Conference in 2011. With representatives from more than forty countries, this conference gave rise to the International Society for the Advancement of Writing Research. The chapters selected for this collection represent cutting edge research on writing from all regions, organized around three themes-cultures, places, and measures. The authors report research that considers writing in all levels of schooling, in science, in the public sphere, and in the workplace, as well as the relationship among these various places of writing. The authors also consider the cultures of writing-among them national cultures, gender cultures, schooling cultures, scientific cultures, and cultures of the workplace. | CHARLES BAZERMAN, Professor of Education at the University of California, Santa Barbara, is the author of numerous publications on the social role of writing, academic genres, and textual analysis. CHRIS DEAN, Lecturer in the Writing Program at the University of California, Santa Barbara, recently co-authored the textbook, Terra Incognita: Researching the Weird. JESSICA EARLY, Assistant Professor of English at Arizona State University, is the author of Opening the Gates: Creating Real World Writing Opportunities For Diverse Secondary Students and Stirring Up Justice: Reading and Writing to Change the World. KAREN LUNSFORD, Associate Professor of Writing at the University of California, Santa Barbara, has published on issues including multimodality, science writing, and policy issues that affect writing research. SUZIE NULL, Assistant Professor of Teacher Education at Fort Lewis College in Durango, Colorado, includes among her publications the co-edited collection, Traditions of Writing Research. PAUL ROGERS, Assistant Professor of English at George Mason University, is co-editor of two collections, Writing Across the Curriculum: A Critical Sourcebook, and Traditions of Writing Research. AMANDA STANSELL, Lecturer at the University of California, Santa Barbara, is also co-editor of Traditions of Writing Research.
Registered: October 2001 Location: Fredericksburg, VA $20, LE 250 Annabelle is 8" tall and irresistibly plush. She is grossly attired in a real, fabric, wedding dress emblazoned with the San Diego Comic Con logo. She features silver, clanking chains and a removable head to strike fear in the hearts of all who cross her path! As a special bonus, each Annabelle doll comes with an Agorables T-shirt and a numbered 1" Teddy Scares Pin.
This member has provided no bio about themself... This group has been formed to gather the people who enjoy Japanese anime and all of its facets, to salute the people from the land of the Rising Sun. Germany, a country in Central Europe. Bordering Denmark, France, Austria, Czech Republic, Poland and many other countries. We're the crew that is creating the mod Sortal for the game Portal.
All but one of the infant seats tested by Consumer Reports passed a 30 mile-per-hour impact, but the results changed drastically at higher speeds of 35 miles per hour for front-end crashes and 38 miles per hour for side impact crashes. The same speeds most cars and SUVs are tested. Consumer Reports released a disturbing video of one of the 12 car seats tested, twisting off the base and flying off to the side after impact. Katy Urban, a Tallahassee mother of one with another on the way saw the video Friday morning and said, "It was a little shocking and alarming." The tests found that 10 of 12 seats "failed disastrously" and two of them received an unacceptable rating. One is Evenflo's Discovery, which did not meet federal standards. Evenflo is disputing the finding. Eddie Bauer's Comfort also performed with an unacceptable rating because it could not be installed securely. Consumer Reports says Eddie Bauer will give the customer an improved base to those who complain. Christina Rook said, "You try to buy top of the line and you hope their going to be safe." Spending top dollar for an infant seat may not mean you're bringing home the safest seat out there. Most of the seats failing the safety tests turned out to be more expensive than the two getting the Consumer Report's recommendation. The two recommended seats are Baby Trend's Flex-Loc and Graco's Snugride with EPS are both priced at about $90, but Tallahassee Police and Safe Kids Worldwide reassure parents that most car seats are effective when properly used. Tallahassee Police Traffic INV Joe Giangrosso said, "The biggest mistake is the car seat is not installed tight enough. You've got to get in and put some weight in there and pull that seat belt tight, you don't want it to move more than an inch." Safety experts say as long as you follow the car seat and vehicle recommendations, you shouldn't have a problem. However, the Consumer Reports safety test seems to say that could depend on the type of seat you use. For a breakdown of the ratings, go to the "As Seen on WCTV" link on this website.
Vanderkitten-Focus Women’s Cycling Team has been ripping it up stateside this Summer. After top ten finishes by Jazzy Hurikino and Kate Chilcott at UCI Gatineau GP in Canada, and podiums from ruth Winder in the UK, Emily Collins went on a rampage scoring a dozen podium finishes and winning Pleasanton Fast and Furious. Vanderkitten-Focus has continued its winning season, with two squads racing simultaneously on the East and West coasts of the USA this past Memorial Day weekend- and WINNING both races. In California, Maura Kinsella was supported by teammates Starla Teddergreen, Courtney Dimpel and Vanessa Drigo in a hotly contested Memorial Day Criterium presented by San Jose Bicycle Club. After a race filled with ferocious attacking by the Vanderkitten-Focus gals, Maura put in a massive attempt in the closing laps of the race. Despite a concerted chase from the entire peloton led by the Red Racing Team, Maura managed to hold off her opponents and claim the victory. For a full report in classic MKULTR4 style, read her blog here While this was going on, Bridie O’donnell, Kathleen Billington, Jazzy Hurikino, Emily Collins and Kate Chilcott were tearing up the east coast at the USA’s longest running race, Tour of Somerville, New Jersey. Against a stacked field of 65 top shelf crit riders, Vanderkitten-Focus launched multiple attacks to soften up the opposition. In the finale, a stellar, full force lead out by all 5 VK teammies led Ruth to her biggest win to date, edging out Laura Van Gilder in the throw to the line. Emily Collins, who ran 5th, explained “Ruth has got a huge kick! Van Gilder jumped after the great leadout by Kathleen, but when Ruth went as well only 100metres out, she really surprised with her speed”. A fantastic win for Ruth as she heads to USACrits Palm Bluffs and Glencoe GP this weekend with Van Dimpel and Teddergreen, while Collins, Hurikino, Chilcott, O’Donnell and Bilington race UCI 1.1 Liberty Classic in Philadelphia on Sunday. jennifer Reither led the Vanderkitten-Focus to their 11th win of the season by taking out the final leg of the Tour de Grove MOPRO Series in Missouri. Here is Jenn’s Race report: A weekend at MoPro St. Louis MO. The kittens were in St. Louis this past weekend racing hard and successfully bringing home a WIN! LOOP de LOOP The Kittens opened up with a warm reception at Friday night’s Loop de Loop, making their presence known by launching attacks, contesting primes and ripping the legs off the field. The crowd went crazy cheering and screaming GO Vanderkitten! The litter attacks included a purrrrfect launch and time off the front from Ruth Widner. Jasmine “Jazzy” Hurikino, hit awesome counter attacks after Captain Kitten JennX was reeled back in by the pack on a few occasions. The fan’s passion and support paid off as the team delivered kitten Kate “Chilly” Chicott to a 3rd place finish. 1st Sam Schneider – Tibco 2nd Sarah Feder – Pepper Palace 3rd Kate Chilcott Saturday’s race in The Grove was another day of attacking and chasing. The pack was a bit more aggressive as this race was part of the National Criterium Calendar and the heavy hitters were out for sprint points and a prestigious win. Vanderkitten raced the windy 1.5 mile course as tactically as possible sending girls off the front and having other team’s reel them back in. The wind took a toll on team VK. Efforts being put in were taking the kick and zap out of each kitten’s legs. We did have the extra kitty power with Maura “MK Ultra” Kinsella joining us with Fresh legs, who chased down attacks and stayed close to sprinter Emily “Mooney” Collins along with her teammate Jazzy. On the last lap, Jazzy strung out the pack for the last 2 while Jr. Kitten, Ruth “1K” Widner took a nice flying and spent a few laps off the front. took teammate Emily “Mooney” Collins through the last corner for the 200 meter sprint, Emily took a chance to sprint the open lane to the right but it was Erica Allar who won from the left lane. Emily held on for 4th. 1st Erica Allar – Ride Clean 2nd Sam Schneider – Tibco 3rd Laura van Gilder – Mellow Mushroom 4th Emily Collins – Vanderkitten Without a win on the books for the weekend, Sunday’s race in Dutchtown was the last opportunity for VK to bring it home for the team. The plan stays the same… RACE the hell out of your bike. Whoever wins this race will have to put in a lot of work to do so. From the gun “MK Ultra” launches an attack, using her mad TT skill stays away for 10 minutes. Once reeled in “Chilly” hurts that pack on the climb, and then Jazzy launches with another rider on her wheel and stays away till 4 to go. When Jazzy is reeled in I launch a vicious attack getting a 11 second gap quickly, all the while, “1K Widner” and the rest of the kittens are protecting “Mooney” near the front of the pack. Quick side note, while Jazzy was off the front, Ruth railed a corner, flatted, skipped her bike across the pack and STAYED UPRIGHT!!! Mad skills, glad I saw it; no one would have believed her. From here on out the details get a bit vague as I was lacking oxygen, seeing stars and bottles Michelob Ultra (Title sponsor banners). I think people were telling me I had a gap of 20 seconds at 2 to go, but all I could hear was my mind saying, “Frack!! 2 more laps, Mooney better be ready when I get caught”. I think to myself to push just a bit harder to make them chase me and wear out the other sprinters legs. So put it to them I do and never look back. I then had the finish line in sight, thinking that the pack was on my heels I gave it every effort I could to get across the line, and I did, so exhausted that I couldn’t even fist pump my victory. I did finally looked back and wondered where the rest of the pack was, a spectator told me I had a 27 second gap, I was shocked. The plan came together and the Vanderkittens did it as a team. This win meant so much to me, because it meant so much to all of us, Emily, Jazzy, Kate, Maura, Ruth, Bridie, Courtney, Starla, Vanessa, Jono, Dave and the Fans to celebrate another victory for Vanderkitten. 1st Jennifer Reither – Vanderkitten 2nd Sarah Feder – Pepper Palace 3rd Laura Van Gilder – Mellow Mushroom Enjoy the photos, Enjoy the Ride Captain JennX Fairy Princess For more pics and story, click JennBonics Blog Yesterday, Aussie powerhouse Bridie O’Donnell rode a fast race at the Amgen Tour of California Womens Invitational TT. The 2009 Australian TT Champion clocked a 44:34 over the windswept 29km course that the Pro men contested directly afterwards. Report and more pics to come! 3 Time Oceania Champion and 2009 Australian Open Pro Time Trial Champ Bridie O’Donnell has been announced as one of the ten elite women to contest the 2nd annual Amgen Tour of California Women’s TT presented by SRAM. The event, run in conjunction with the Mens Stage 5 of the Amgen Tour of California in Bakersfield, is set to once again showcase the very top female Time Triallists in the world, with 2008 Olympic Gold Medal Winner Kristin Armstrong (USA) recieving top billing against esteemed company including Sweden’s Emilia Fahlin (Specialized Lululemon) and USA’s Alison Powers (Now and Novartis for MS). For Vanderkitten-Focus, the invite represents an important milestone in the development of the squad as a top tier team. According to Vaderkitten-Focus Sports Director Jono Coulter: “Vanderkitten has always strived to empower women through athletics, and we are thrilled that AEG and Medallist have once again created an event in which the worlds best female cyclists are showcased alongside the best male riders in the world at their event. Vanderkitten owner Dave Verrecchia has consistently built upon the success of the program every year, and we were thrilled to be a part of the inaugural Amgen Tour of California Women’s Criterium in 2008, where the kitties were among the crowd favourites! Over successive years we have built an International squad capable of competing on the world stage and now, with the inclusion of Bridie, have one of the worlds top Time Triallists on our team. To have Bridie rocking the Vanderkitten-Focus kit in one of the most prestigious specialty women’s events in the USA. We could not be more happy”. Bridie will race a 2012 Focus Izalco Chrono 1.0 at the event, with Kask K.31 Chrono Helmet giving her an aero advantage over the 29km slightly rolling course. Vanderkitten-Focus has enjoyed a #kickass first quarter of the year, with Jazzy hurikino scoring the 10th win of the season this weekend at the 39th annual Mikes Bikes Classic in Los Gatos California. Jazzy was one of the favourites heading into the prestigous event, having won the 2010 edition of the famed hilly criterium as a 19 year old. With Katheryn Curi Mattis Directing and on form Vanderkitten-Focus team behind her, however, Jazzy was unstoppable. From lap two Hurikino and Kiwi teammie Emily Collins broke away from the pack over the famed 19% power climb, and when a Stevens Pactimo rider, Marley Smith bridged on the downhill, VK’s Kate Chilcott also came across. This made it 3 VK riders in a 4 rider break! The bunch would not give in easily however, and over multiple ascents of the brutal climb, the peloton slowly reeled the breakaway to within launching distance. With 5 to go it was gruppo compatto so without hesitation VK team captain Jenn Reither launched a solid attack and cleared the field, gaining 12 seconds immediately with only 4 laps to go. The chase behind was furious and with 2 to go Jenn X was brought back into the field. no sooner had she come back that it was 3 time Oceania champion Bridie O’Donnell that made a bid for the line. The proven 2009 Time Trial Champion of Australia established a huge gap and the field was reduced to a selection of only the best as they worked to contain the damage. With half a lap to go, the last time up the climb Bridie was caught and this time Jazzy made her move. Within 300 metres she had formed a 100 metre gap to the field and put her head down with only half a mile of downhill to the finish line. To the joy of the assembled crowd and sponsors, as well as Jazzy’s parents who had stepped off an international flight from Australia and made their way straight to the race, crossed the line and threw her hands in the air with exhausted jubilation. Only 2 seconds later her friend and teammate Emily Collins crossed the line punching her fists, with another Aussie, SportVelo’s Bec Werner in 3rd. A momentous day for the Vanderkitten-Focus program and all is looking good for the next 2 months of competition that will see racing across the USA and UCI events in Canada and Philadelphia. Earlier in the month Vanderkitten-Focus had notched some top performances at the Sea Otter Classic in Monterey, with Emily Collins 3rd on Stage 1 and Emily and Kate recording top ten finishes in the final Circuit Race. The 2012 Redlands Cycling Classic lived up to its hype as a spectacular kickoff to the Women’s NRC season. Vanderkitten-Focus sent a strong squad of 8 athletes, and although bad luck hit the team early on in the tour, our resilient kitties carried on in brave fashion representing VK in style!
This doesn't really fit in with the thread topic, but it does have to do with food I know it's not okay to consume meat if it's been frozen, defrosted, frozen again, and then defrosted again. But I was wondering if this applies to vegetables? Reason I'm asking is because one of my caregivers defrosted a bag of my homemade salsa, then another caregiver put it back in the freezer, and I've defrosted it again, presuming that it is okay to eat tonight with some chips. Does anyone know if this is okay?
Holiday Festivities at Scottsdale’s. Tubac Golf Resort & Spa, 4 10pm. Grand Canyon Railway. Resort, for specific dates and reservations call 800THE TRAIN. Nov 24, 26, 27 Thanksgiving. Tools from the top menu. 2. Starr Pass Golf Suites resort in Tucson. Enjoy American menu in C and coupons of Tubac Jacks Saloon and. with boo and the dogs to spend the Thanksgiving. with a golf package at the famous Tubac Golf Resort & Spa. Tubac Jacks Saloon - American Restaurant. ... good thing! tidbits Women Who Wine was hosted by the Tubac Golf Resort. arrived in the mail about that time with an entire menu devoted to a Southwestern theme for Thanksgiving. Local Events. Tubac Golf Resort, Tubac. ... covering everything from fun at the spa menu to the. Tubac Golf Resort & Spa Tubac Golf Resort & Spa is a beautiful resort. Vegan and Vegetarian Thanksgiving Dinner Offered to the. which ethnic cuisines are good for. Tubac Golf Resort & Spa sits on what was once a 400-acre, Spanish. Much of Chamberlin's simple, seasonal menu is built. in sage-dusted masa, which replicates the whole Thanksgiving. ... Casey Nolan to play golf Tubac Golf Resort. But this day being Thanksgiving, the usual copies of USA Today didn’t arrive. Tubac Golf Resort is on. after learning the set menu. Vacation Deals. Better Vacation Deals. Held the Saturday evening after Thanksgiving, the event. Tubac Golf Resort – Tubac, Arizona: I once stayed here on a press. The menu is simple: American Indian Tacos, Stuffed. Arizona Highways Top 25 Restaurants |. Recipes/ Menus; School Work + all categories. 1st Annual Tubac Balloon Festival Tubac Golf Resort. 2291 NOV 26-27 PARKER 64rd Annual Thanksgiving Regatta Boat Races BlueWater Resort. AZ Tourist New Quarterly October 2010 Tubac; Tucson; Verde Valley; White Mountains; Wickenburg. offers a full a la carte and fall prix fixe menu. Open Thanksgiving. Boomer Friends’ Getaway at Arizona’s Tubac Golf Resort. Thanksgiving in Tubac, Part 2 ... or above in the main menu) to learn more about the organizations that represent golf in. THANKSGIVING: Sat Dec 24 CHRISTMAS EVE. Golf Course: Tubac Golf Resort & Spa May 15th, 2011. Cranwell Resort Spa. Golf Club in the. I fell WAY off the wagon on Thanksgiving and even a few days. We're playing New Year's Eve at Tubac Golf Resort.. and ordered on of the lighter things on the menu and. Great Deals on Golf, Dining, Stay & Play. ... offers below, or from specific categories in sub- menu. Thu Nov 24 THANKSGIVING: Sat Dec 24 CHRISTMAS EVE. Golf Course: Tubac Golf Resort September 21st, 2010 - Club used: 7. Arizona Key Magazine l Arizona Travel. On Friday, September 16, 2011, the Tubac Golf Resort & Spa will. Extravagant Thanksgiving Dinner Thursday, November 24. Catering Menus; Local Vendors; Request for Proposal Spas Sitemap - Page 15 The resort to the south of ours was the Paris. They. After looking at the menu though, we decided on. planet hollywood·ross·sarah·Shopping· thanksgiving· tupac· tupac. Holiday Festivities at Four Seasons. ... jokes Andover baseball tournament Easter hair styles Free download bollywood movies songs Cherry jul of valentine july Carcinogenic metal oxides Tubac golf resort thanksgiving menu.
Logan Miller, a student at Boyertown Junior High West and former student at Pine Forge Elementary, is one day looking to serve his county—and right now he’s trying to help his community. In preparation for applying to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, Logan is looking to showcase his interest in community service by bringing the Greater Berks Food Bank Weekender Backpack program to the Boyertown Area School District. The program provides backpacks filled with nutritional foods to needy children every Friday during the school year to help get the child through the weekend. “It’s enough food to feed a child for the weekend,” Julie explained. “Nutritious and easy [items] that a child can make themselves if necessary.” Crackers, instant oatmeal and yogurt were among some of the options listed. “Some students have parents that are less than involved; this food doesn’t require a lot of preparation. It’s meant to be easily done with little supervision.” Five out of 7 of the district’s elementary schools qualify for the program according to the food bank. To quality, a school must have 25 percent or higher of the student population which qualifies for free or reduced price school meals. The five schools include: Pine Forge Elementary, Colebrookdale Elementary, Boyertown Elementary, Washington Elementary and Earl Elementary. According to Logan’s mother, Julie Miller, the family has reached out to Boyertown Superintendent Dr. Richard Faidley for support and they received just that. According to Julie, Faidley stated that while there is no money in this district’s budget—he fully supports the effort and will help in any way he can. More than a dozen Berks County schools currently participate in the Weekender Backpack program, according to the Greater Berks Food Bank website. It takes approximately $9,500 to fill all the backpacks for one school weekly for an entire school year. Logan’s ultimate goal is to raise $50,000 in order to feed all of the qualifying students at all 5 qualifying elementary schools for the entire school year. According to Julie, they plan to fundraise for as long as it takes and will bring it to one school at a time if need be. She added that schools can decline the program, but she’s happy to have the district’s support. The family’s goal right now is to get the word out about the program. There are still things that need to be worked out, such a place to store food and available volunteers to fill the backpacks. The bags would be filled each Thursday to be taken on Friday; students would return them each Monday. “We’ve never done fund-raising before; hopefully we can start it and bring to a handful of kids.” Logan did all of the research regarding the program and gathered information from the food bank about Boyertown’s qualifications. Following his lead, his family became involved in the effort. They have set up a donation site to try and raise enough money to bring the program to as many students in the district as possible. Donations can be made at http://www.gofundme.com/9zdjiw. Julie also made mention of the fact that there is no program during the summer months and was curious whether families took advantage of the various programs and pantries. Looking ahead, she would like to address the hunger that many students likely experience when school is out on summer break. “Go big or go home,” she said, in reference to the goals ahead.
Articles by John Piper Born March 31: Rene Descartes, 1596 (“I think, therefore, I am”), Joseph Hayden, 1732 ("The Creation" Oratorio), and Barnabas William Piper, 1983 (Son of Encouragement). Things just keep getting better and better. Happy birthday, Barna!Continue Reading “Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.” (Matthew 6:13) James 1:13 says, “Let no one say when he is tempted, ‘I am being tempted by God,’ for God cannot be tempted with evil, and he himself tempts…Continue Reading The Cluster Meetings are mainly for information and interrogation The All Church Dinner is mainly for inspiration and adoration. - Starting with the Deacon Council, Board chairmen and spouses on Friday, March 4, there will be 12… Char and I have talked about this for months. A couple of times I think I succeeded in persuading her that staying was best. But this time she was more sure about the wisdom of returning to public school teaching…Continue Reading Great things continue to happen at Bethlehem but, of course, that doesn’t mean everything is easy or that everything is as it should be. A week ago Tuesday we took a day away as a staff and spent some time…Continue Reading The church voted on April 21 to call Laurel Bisset as Interim Minister for Children for one year beginning July 1. On April 24 the church voted to call Dan Lehn as Business Administrator beginning May 16. We have now…Continue Reading Below you see the average Sunday morning worship attendance of the first 21 weeks of each year since 1988. These numbers do not include the children in the nursery What can we learn from this? 1) We have broken out…Continue Reading Three blocks from Bethlehem is a 22-unit apartment building newly remodeled but in disarray. It’s at the S.E. corner of 15th St. and 11th Ave., just south of the Dairy Queen and across from Augustana. An amazing opportunity for neighborhood…Continue Reading For the last six years I have written “Advent Poems” which take a biblical character and imaginatively recreate details of their lives on which the Bible is silent. I have created situations and conversations and emotions which very likely did…Continue Reading This is our new world in the Twin Cities - The Twin Cities’ Hispanic population more than doubled from 1990 to 2000. The Twin Cities was the eighth fastest growing Hispanic city in the United States during the 1990s. - The Twin… The most important prayer is that the most important person in the universe do the most important act in the universe That’s why Jesus put this request at the beginning of the Lord’s prayer: “Hallowed be your name.” God is…Continue Reading It is not a sign of a seasoned Christian soul that steady joy is untinged with steady sorrow Or to put it positively, the seasoned soul in Christ has a steady joy and a steady sorrow. They protect each other…Continue Reading All night. Friday, June 21, 10 PM till Saturday at 6 AM. This will be the power booster behind all our efforts as we enter the new sanctuary. We want to enter with the power of God’s Spirit, not…Continue Reading Beyond all our expectations and dreams God gave us a parade of power! What can I say? Lord, you are great! You are kind and good beyond all our deserving. You have blessed us. O how you have blessed us…Continue Reading
Font Bros is your source for unique display fonts! Browse our library of over 5,000 one-of-a-kind typefaces to find the perfect font you’ve been looking for! Check out the Design Kits or take a look at our Merchandise. Loudine is a striking decorative display typeface, great for posters, book covers and magazine headlines.. It comes in two widths, each of them packed with a set of stylistic alternates: just turn on the feature in an OpenType savvy program to instantly get into a new mood, with filled counters and slightly different lettershapes.
I was asked to speak to the Quinte Field Naturalists recently about personal steps towards sustainability. I knew this group had a great many “birders” in it, so I was a bit apprehensive. Birders in my area have been very outspoken against big wind. So let me state three things here first. - I love wind power. Big, small, local, at my house, in the ocean, in fields, I love wind power. This is my bias. - Wind turbines kill birds. Not many, but some. How many is what is relevant. - Big wind turbines take some getting used to. Even though I love the look of big wind turbines, I am the first to admit that when 90 of them went up on Wolfe Island, they changed the look of the landscape. I don’t think it’s in a bad way, but many in my province do. Ontario is blessed with lots of wind power. Big open areas, especially near large bodies of water, are windy. Ontario includes shoreline on Lake Superior, Lake Huron, Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. They are great lakes indeed. Not only is it a mind-boggling amount of fresh water, it’s a huge potential clean energy resource because the wind sweeps across these large bodies of water. Our province enacted “The Green Energy Act” which is one of the most progressive clean power programs in the world. We now have lots of wind turbines and solar panels in service or being planned. The Green Energy Act shifts all the risk for the power generation from the government to individuals and corporations. If you put up a wind turbine, you pay for it, you pay to get the power lines to it, you pay to insure it and all that the province does is commit to purchase the electricity you generate at a fixed price. In a province that is saddled with 10 of billions of dollars worth of debt from our nuclear plants, and 10 of billions of dollars worth of obligations to decommission those plants and dispose of their waste and insure them while they operate, it’s a great deal for taxpayer and ratepayers. But enough of my proselytizing. People in this province don’t seem to like green energy. Or they claim to be supportive of “wind power” or “hydro power” or “solar power,” just not anywhere near where they live. Europe hasn’t had the kind of push back we have in this province and I don’t understand why it’s so strong here. But the opposition is very vocal. We hear a lot about wind turbines killing birds. So when I spoke to this group I was expecting pushback on the topic. I decided that I’d better do some research to share with this group. I found a website for the “Fatal Light Awareness Program” or “FLAP” (http://www.flap.org/) They are a group of birders who are concerned by how many birds get killed by large buildings. Their report states that 14,000 migratory birds die every day in Toronto. There’s photo of just some of the dead birds that they have collected. It’s heart breaking. Under their “Birds and Buildings” menu they have this “Hierarchy of Threats” chart. It is backed up by this report from the NRC. (Go to http://www.wind-watch.org/docviewer.php and scroll down to find it on the right-hand side NRC_Wind_Report_050307.pdf) According to this report, collisions with buildings kill 976 million birds a year, high tension wire collisions kill at least 130 million, and on and on. Wind turbines are about .003% of the total. These numbers are likely to grow as the number of turbines increase and wind turbines do kill birds, but apparently much less than other hazards. I’ve never heard anyone in this province suggesting that we take down power lines, buildings, communication towers or that we ban hunting, house cats or vehicles. And yet these obstructions and hazards are a far greater threat to birds than wind turbines. This website; http://www.abcbirds.org/abcprograms/policy/collisions/index.html, has some American stats. Another important point is that climate change is wreaking havoc on all creatures, especially birds. We had two weeks of summer last March, then the worst heat and drought on record around here. How can that not have a major impact on such a vulnerable creative? Climate change is a far greater risk to birds and wind turbines represent a solution, albeit not the perfect one. I don’t think many people will deny that any more. An article from the November 2, 2012 Toronto Star entitled “Birders swoop in for diverted flights” talked about the many birders who went to Fort Erie for the opportunity to see birds that they’ve never seen before. Hurricane Sandy had blown these birds to the Great Lakes. Some birds will die because they need food that is only available in salt water. Ron Rideout, a biologist for Bird Studies Canada, is quoted as saying “The Atlantic birds don’t get back home because they generally don’t fly over land and may become confused. They fly around in circles and die of starvation or exhaustion.” It is important for wind turbines to be located and built properly to limit their risk to migratory birds as much as possible. Afterwards I spoke individually to a number of people and everyone seemed to have stories about birds at risk. One person told me about his friend whose job involves going out early in the morning, before commuters have arrived, to clean up the dead birds from the night before around tall office buildings. Another person had spent two weeks at an East Coast bird rockery this past summer. He noticed that many of the newly hatched chicks died. He mentioned his observation to a government research scientist and the scientist had observed this as well. The scientist suggested that the warming of the ocean water was causing fish to move further offshore which made it difficult for the parents to find food to feed their young. I believe those opposed to wind turbines and those in favor of wind turbines share the same desire for a stable climate that birds (and all life on the planet) can thrive in. I sit at my computer and watch birds successfully dodge the guy wires of my wind tower every day. I have never, ever, seen a bird make contact with one of them or a blade on the turbine. I have never found a dead bird or bat at the base of my wind turbine. As I sit at my computer I often hear the “thud” of a bird that has hit one of my windows. Most of the time they fly off but about once a month I find a dead bird below a window that wasn’t so lucky. My window killed it. And don’t get me started on “Lizzie the Terminator Cat.” If I was a bird and my option was extinction because of lack of food or other climate-related fate like getting blown hundreds of miles from home in a super storm, versus having to navigate the blades of a wind turbine, I’d take my odds with the turbine every time. Photo courtesy of Kenneth Herdy/FLAP For more information about Cam Mather or his books, please visit www.cammather.com or www.aztext.com
LG has just released a report that takes a look at how, when and where Americans use their smartphones. And to make the dry stats more interesting to read, LG has produced an infographic that reveals the results of its survey. We all know how revered smartphones are in the states. 48% of Americans said that they would have no problem using their handset in a house of worship. Believe it or not, 77% would use their smartphone while in bed with another person. Ironically, while more than 3 out of 4 would use their smartphone while in bed, only 28% would use it while out on a date. Before smartphones, people used to bring a newspaper or a book into the bathroom when nature called. LG's survey found that 75% of Americans would have no problem using their smartphone while on the potty. LG also found that 58% of smartphone owners use their device while out with family and 62% use their device while out with friends. The survey was answered by 1152 Americans age 18 or older. 20% of those who answered it said that they would not try to hide that they were using their phone no matter what the situation was. 48% have used the camera on their device to snap "shocking pictures" and 36% admit to taking "selfies". LG didn't ask how many photographed "shocking selfies". Want to see what your stateside friends, family and neighbors are doing with their smartphone? Check out LG's infographic below. LG's survey responses are revealed in this infographic source: LG via IntoMobile
Former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley remains in hospital CHICAGO — Former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley likely will remain hospitalized in an intensive care unit for several days as doctors conduct tests to determine why he was feeling ill and disoriented during a conference in Arizona, a spokeswoman for the city’s longest serving mayor said Sunday. Jackie Heard, Daley’s longtime spokeswoman when he was mayor who now serves as his spokeswoman at the downtown Chicago law firm where he works, said that the 71-year-old Daley was resting comfortably at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.Continue Reading Daley was attending a conference in Scottsdale, Ariz., with other members of the law firm, Latten Muchin Rosehman, when he started complaining Friday that he did not feel well. She said Daley flew back to Chicago on Friday evening, and that his family had arranged for an ambulance to be at the airport to take him directly to the hospital. She said he was able to walk to the ambulance. Heard said Daley has been alert while in the hospital, and has been visited by members of his family. She said has not been told by doctors, even preliminarily, what might have caused Daley to fall ill. Daley has been hospitalized at least twice since 2000, when he was examined by doctor after experiencing minor chest pains. Two years later, he and his wife were hospitalized because they were suffering from severe stomach flu. Daley was the city’s mayor for 22 years, the most by anyone in city history and a year longer than his father, the legendary Richard J. Daley, who was 74 when he died in 1976 of a heart attack while still in office. In 2010, Richard M. Daley surprised the city when he announced that he would not seek a seventh term. He was succeeded by Rahm Emanuel, the former White House chief of staff who returned to the city to make his successful run for mayor. About six months after Daley left office, his wife, Maggie, died Thanksgiving Day after a long battle with breast cancer.
“People who aren’t from Boston or don’t have family members affected, people’s day-to-day life resumes and people move on,” Cooper tells TheWrap. “So we really wanted to keep going back to Boston and focus on Adrianne [Haslet-Davis] and her family and the impact of this event and just remind people of really what happened to […] A year later, the aftermath of the Boston bombing is still being felt by the hundreds of people who were caught in the terrorist attack, but Adrianne Haslet-Davis, who lost her leg in the blast, has defied expectations of doctors with her recovery, as seen in a new CNN special, “The Survivor Diaries,” hosted by Anderson Cooper, airing Tuesday at 10 p.m. Haslet-Davis has been dancing eight to ten hours a day for years, teaching and participating in competitive ballroom dancing before the bombing disrupted her life. A week after the bombing, Cooper met with her and introduced viewers to her inspirational story. “We got in touch with her mom initially,” Cooper told TheWrap. “Her mom had flown into Boston and we had talked to her and asked if Adrianne wanted to talk and that’s how we wound up in her hospital room in those early days and I don’t think she had talked to anybody yet but she was very optimistic. She was very determined to not let this define her and move on with her life.” “He came in and sat by my bedside and we really bonded and he wanted to do anything he could to help, I made a promise to him that I would teach him to dance, it was wonderful to do that,” Haslet-Davis said. She says her injury was a very alien experience, and had a very difficult time coming to grips with it. “I hope the special will help other people and be able to encourage others to follow their dreams,” she adds. “I hope that it inspires people. It’s a very honest look at what it’s like to go through something like this.” “When I was sitting in her hospital room for the first time, I was amazed at her optimism and her determination to be able to continue her life and continue the things that she loves,” Cooper said. “She still wasn’t sure about how she’d recover in those early days, she was still learning about prosthetics, it all happened very fast obviously, and she was stabilized, she was doing OK, she knew she would need a prosthetic… but when you lose part of a limb it’s obviously better to have some part of the leg below the knee,” Cooper explained. “In that way she was fortunate,” he said. “It makes a huge difference in terms of what kind of prosthetic you end up getting, so she knew that it was going to be a long process of rehabilitation, she knew it would be a long process of learning to walk again, but I don’t think she fully understood how tough it would be to dance again. It was a desire of her to dance again.” Cooper stressed to TheWrap how important it was for him to handle Haslet-Davis’ interview with sensitivity: “It’s something you certainly learn from experience, when I first started at age 22, I started in wars, you just try to be yourself and be very clear about why you’re there and be very attuned to the other person and you listen a lot. I’m very aware in a situation like this of listening to the person and try to understand why they want to speak and what message they want to get out and I want to help them do that. I’m very cautious and careful in any questions I ask people, even how I phrase questions, I put a lot of thought in it, it’s just being a decent human being and relating to the person as a person and not a reporter asking questions.” “I actually talked to people all the time who had been survivors of bombings, who’ve survived combat, who’ve survived natural disasters and earthquakes, in fact, my first job as a reporter ever I snuck into Burma and I met up with some students who were fighting the Burmese government, and they weren’t trained fighters, they had been students the year before and they now found themselves in the jungle. So from my earliest days, I really did end up focusing most of my time on just regular people who have found themselves in situations not of their making or beyond their control and in some ways it’s different than talking to a soldier who has gone into combat, but in the end everybody is a human being and reacts as a human being even if you’re a trained professional or a solider, you’re still a person who has a family and has hopes and dreams for what you’re life is going to be and something like this changes all of that.” Cooper said that it was an incredible experience getting to follow Haslet-Davis for her recovery. “I think when you see something like the bombings in Boston, people pay attention but then people who aren’t from Boston or don’t have family members affected, people’s day-to-day life resumes and people move on and yet for people who have experienced the trauma, it’s not so easy to just move on and this past year has been a completely different year for them than it has been for most other people. It’s rare that you have the opportunity to follow somebody — you’re there for the immediate event and the media moves on as well — so we really wanted to keep going back to Boston and focus on Adrianne and her family and the impact of this event and just remind people of really what happen to somebody that survives. Once everybody else moves on, they’re left with the reality of their situation and they’re left with the difficult moments, and the triumphs and the heartbreaks and we wanted to document all of them show people the reality of what this year has been like for one survivor.” Just as he had promised, Cooper got the opportunity to get a dance lesson with Haslet-Davis. “I wouldn’t even call what I did ballroom dancing,” he confessed. “But I was sort of shuffling on my feet and trying to not make a complete fool of myself. The first time that I met her, we were in the hospital room and I sort of said in passing, I’d love to take a lesson from you, I was trying to be positive and we were having a fun time together and it just seemed like a nice thing to say and then I realized as she agreed to let us follow her for the year, I suddenly realized, oh my goodness, this means I’m going to have to dance with her but she’s going to hold me to this promise and it’s probably going to be on camera.” “I’m not about to audition for Dancing With the Stars anytime soon!” Cooper exclaims. Anderson Cooper speaks with Boston bombing survivor Adrianne Haslet-Davis on his new special “The Survivor Diaries,” airing Tuesday at 10 p.m. Watch a clip:
ICT SATELLITE ACCOUNT Information and communication technologies (ICT) play an important role in the way in which we live and do business. There is considerable interest in the role of ICT as a significant driver of socioeconomic development, for example, in the way that ICT has allowed businesses to increase productivity. For official statisticians, the measurement of these technologies provides significant conceptual and measurement challenges. A key part of the ABS response to these challenges has been the development of an ICT satellite account for Australia for 2002-03. This was preceded by the release in 2003 of a 'pilot' ICT satellite account in respect of 1998-99. The notion of a satellite account was conceived in the System of National Accounts 1993 to expand the core national accounts for selected areas of interest, while using relevant concepts and structures from the core national accounts. An ICT satellite account involves the identification of ICT products and activities within the national accounting framework so that a comprehensive and coherent set of economic data on ICT supply and use can be produced. There are few international examples of ICT satellite accounts, and the concepts and methods used here are largely based on existing international statistical standards for national accounts. Nevertheless, developments from a number of international fora are also incorporated, in particular, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Working Party on Indicators for the Information Society and the OECD Task Force on Software Measurement in the National Accounts. This publication represents the first official satellite account on ICT and its direct contribution to the Australian economy. In particular, it contains data on the contribution of ICT to key macro-economic variables such as gross domestic product (GDP), investment, imports and exports. As this satellite account constitutes an integrated set of statistics on ICT products and services within the internationally recognised Australian System of National Accounts, it represents a valuable policy and research tool with a wide range of applications. This satellite account is the product of development work requiring a number of assumptions and synthetic estimates for some components, and therefore at this stage the estimates should be considered experimental. The Australian Bureau of Statistics welcomes user comments. Comments should be directed to: National Accounts Research Australian Bureau of Statistics Locked Bag 10 Belconnen, ACT, 2616. For further information about these and related statistics, contact the National Information and Referral Service on 1300 135 070 or Peter Comisari on Canberra (02) 6252 5381. BACKGROUND TO THE ICT SATELLITE ACCOUNT There has been substantial interest in recent years, both in Australia and internationally, in those products and services known as information and communication technology (ICT) products and services (hereafter referred to as ICT products), in the industries that import, produce or distribute those products and in who uses these products. ICT products are closely associated with the phenomenon of the 'new economy' and with other events such as the 'dotcom' boom and the privatisation of telecommunication service providers seen in a number of countries over the past two decades. Much of the demand for economic data on ICT products has been driven by the interest of economists and policy advisors in the uptake of new technologies and in the role ICT may have played in the productivity surge of the 1990s. Satellite accounts, as articulated in the international System of National Accounts 1993 (SNA93), allow for an expansion of the national accounts for selected areas of interest while maintaining links to the basic concepts and structures of the core national accounts. The ICT satellite account developed by the ABS uses the national accounts framework to present a picture of the value of transactions in ICT products within the Australian economy. The link with the national accounts enhances the usefulness of the data in analysis because it ensures comparability to, and consistency with, key economic aggregates such as GDP. However, the satellite account does not provide an analysis of the contribution of ICT to productivity growth, nor is it a compendium of all available ICT-related information collected by the ABS or available through other sources. The ABS provides a variety of ICT-related information from its extensive suite of ICT surveys. These surveys include the Information and Communication Technology Industries Survey (ICTIS), the Business Use of Information Technology Survey (BUIT), the Household Use of Information Technology Survey (HUIT) and the Government Technology Survey (GTS). Appendix 1 describes the framework used by the ICT satellite account in which these and other data are brought together and integrated for the whole economy. Broadly, ICT products include computer hardware and their peripherals, parts, components and consumables, computer software, telecommunication assets, computer services, telecommunication services and wholesale and retail margins on ICT products. ICT products do not include those ICT goods and services produced and consumed in-house in the process of producing other goods and services. In turn, the 'ICT Industry' is defined with reference to those same products, and includes wholesaling and retailing. Appendix 2 provides a detailed discussion of issues relating to the scope of the ICT satellite account and the classifications used. ICT products in this publication are defined within the ABS Classification of ICT Products and are presented in Appendix 3. The economic value of ICT products is already included in the Australian System of National Accounts (ASNA) in key economic aggregates such as GDP, industry gross value added, gross fixed capital formation (investment) and household final consumption expenditure (HFCE). However, the classifications and data sources used in the national accounts are generally not designed to systematically isolate ICT products, or the industries producing or distributing those products. Similarly, the national accounts do not systematically isolate the use of ICT products by businesses, government and households, although some important aggregates such as business investment in computer software are already separately available. The basic compilation framework for the ICT satellite account is the national accounts 'supply and use' system. It has been adapted to focus on ICT products and the industries producing or distributing those products. Fundamentally, the system consists of a supply table that tracks the supply of ICT products from imports and from Australian producers, and a use table that tracks the use of those products by industries, government, households and for export. It aims to be comprehensive in its coverage. Many different sources of data of varying quality are used to populate the supply and use tables. Appendix 4 provides a description of the various ABS data sources used. In order to satisfy the identity that the supply and use of products must be equal, discrepancies due to deficiencies in the source data have been identified and resolved. A great strength of the framework is that it facilitates this data confrontation and provides a basis for optimising the quality of the overall estimates in the face of deficiencies and gaps in data coverage. One role of the satellite account has been to review and, where necessary, make improvements to ICT data series used in the ASNA itself. These improvements were substantially reflected in the 'historical revision' of the national accounts published in Australian System of National Accounts 2004-05 (cat. no. 5204.0) in November 2005. Some satellite accounts use a set of recommended classifications and frameworks developed from international research and discussion over a number of years, with international agencies usually taking the lead. For example, when the ABS developed its satellite accounts for tourism and non-profit institutions there were international guidelines available to guide the work. There are no such guidelines available for an ICT satellite account, although there have been international initiatives on some aspects important to this work. International experience shows that the measurement of ICT transactions is not easy, particularly given the intangible nature of software, the licencing and leasing arrangements involved and the bundling of ICT products. It was therefore inevitable that a range of significant data and other issues required close attention in producing this publication. Appendix 5 provides detail on the substantial number of methodological issues encountered. Inevitably, a number of judgement calls were necessary to integrate the data and to take a stance on issues for which there is as yet no clear international standard. Consequently, the results contained in this publication should be considered experimental. Appendix 6 provides further comment on the quality of the estimates produced and Appendix 7 describes the relationship between these estimates and certain other ICT-related ABS data series. Because of the large developmental aspect to the ICT satellite account, this publication gives considerable attention to describing the ABS response to the various challenges encountered in producing the published tables. The ABS hopes this will encourage constructive commentary on the issues described and contribute to the development of best practice in statistical measurement internationally. This publication was preceded by a pilot ICT satellite account in respect of 1998-99, the results of which were published as a feature article 'An Information and Communication Technology Satellite Account' in the December quarter 2002 issue of Australian National Accounts: National Income, Expenditure and Product (cat. no. 5206.0). On the basis of knowledge gained from the pilot ICT satellite account, the ABS undertook to collect a range of additional data from businesses and government to compile the accounts contained in this publication. ANALYSIS OF RESULTS The scope of this satellite account was determined by the range of goods and services considered to be 'ICT'. Essentially, ICT products include computer hardware, computer software, telecommunication assets, computer services and telecommunication services. An ICT satellite account details the supply and use of these products and also measures the direct value that ICT products add to the economy through the key aggregates ICT GDP and ICT gross value added. ICT GDP represents the total market value of ICT products produced in Australia after deducting the cost of goods and services used up in the process of production. ICT accounted for $36.2 billion or 4.6% of total GDP in 2002-03. Industry gross value added is free of the effects of changes in taxes and subsidies on products that can vary between industries and over time and is therefore the preferred national accounts measure of industry contribution to value of production. ICT gross value added was $34.8 billion (4.9% of total gross value added) in 2002-03. The ICT share of gross value added exceeds the ICT share of GDP. Since GDP is equivalent to gross value added plus taxes less subsidies on products, this result simply reflects ICT's relative share of taxes less subsidies on products. ICT share of the Australian economy, 2002-03 ICT GROSS VALUE ADDED There is no 'ICT industry' in the Australian and New Zealand Standard Industrial Classification (ANZSIC). Instead, producers of ICT products operate in a number of ANZSIC industries. Of the ICT contribution to total gross value added of 4.9%, Telecommunication services contributed 2.2 percentage points, Computer services 1.4 percentage points, ICT wholesale 0.7 percentage points, ICT manufacturing 0.1 percentage points and all other industries 0.5 percentage points. Viewed differently, the most significant industry contributors to ICT gross value added were Telecommunication services (44.3%), Computer services (28.0%) and ICT wholesale (14.8%). INDUSTRY CONTRIBUTION TO ICT GROSS VALUE ADDED - 2002-03 ICT gross value added Share of ICT gross value added |ICT specialist industries | |Telecommunication services | |Computer services | |Total ICT specialist industries | |Other industries | COMPARISON WITH 'NON-ICT' INDUSTRIES When compared with the seventeen conventional ANZSIC industry divisions the ICT contribution to total gross value added of 4.9% in 2002-03 ranked ninth. ICT gross value added exceeded that of Agriculture, forestry and fishing (3.3%), Government administration and defence (4.4%), Education (4.8%), and Personal and other services (2.0%). Among the industries with a contribution to total gross value added exceeding that of ICT were Mining (5.0%), Construction (6.4%) and Finance and insurance (7.4%). INCOME COMPONENTS OF ICT GROSS VALUE ADDED Gross value added corresponds to the income items compensation of employees, gross operating surplus, gross mixed income and other net taxes on production. In the ICT specialist industries, compensation of employees ($17.1 billion) and gross operating surplus and gross mixed income ($13.1 billion) combined comprised 97.5% of gross value added. Among the ICT specialist industries, Computer services contributed most to compensation of employees, and Telecommunication services had the highest gross operating surplus / gross mixed income. INCOME COMPONENTS OF ICT GROSS VALUED ADDED - 2002-03 Compensation of employees Gross operating surplus/Gross mixed income Other net taxes on production ICT gross value added |ICT specialist industries | |Wholesale trade | |Telecommunication services | |Computer services | |Total ICT specialist industries | |Other industries | |na not available | AUSTRALIAN PRODUCTION OF ICT PRODUCTS The value of Australian production of ICT products was $65.1 billion in 2002-03. Over 90% of this production took place within ICT specialist industries. The largest single contributor to total Australian production of ICT products was Telecommunication services ($32.7 billion) followed by Computer services ($15.5 billion). Retail trade ($3.6 billion) was the largest contributor among the 'Other industries'. INVESTMENT IN ICT Business and government invested $26.7 billion in ICT products in 2002-03. Computer hardware made up 40.2% ($10.7 billion) of this investment and packaged and customised software 30.8% ($8.2 billion). The Communication services industry ($5.1 billion) contributed 19.3% to total ICT investment - the largest share of any industry. Other major industry contributors to ICT Investment were Property and business services (14.1%), Finance and insurance (12.1%), Government administration and defence (11.4%) and Manufacturing (8.6%). Industry share of ICT investment, 2002-03 Private businesses and public corporations contributed 83.4% ($22.3 billion) of total investment in ICT products in 2002-03 while general government contributed 16.6% ($4.5 billion). The Commonwealth Government accounted for 59.5% of general government sector ICT investment. The largest ICT product investment by any sector was private sector investment in software ($9.2 billion), followed closely by private sector investment in computer hardware ($8.8 billion). General government invested $2.1 billion in software, $2.0 billion in computer hardware and $0.4 billion in telecommunication equipment. ICT investment, By sector and product - 2002-03 Investment in ICT accounted for 13.8% of total investment in Australia in 2002-03. Some industries invest more intensively in ICT, which is reflected in the marked industry-to-industry variation in the proportion of ICT investment to total investment. The Communication services industry had the largest proportion of ICT investment to total investment at 80.7%. This was followed by Government administration and defence (58.2%), Finance and insurance (48.2%), Wholesale trade (30.3%), and Property and business services (27.1%). ICT investment to total investment, By selected industries - 2002-03 ICT investment as a proportion of total investment |Wholesale trade | |Communication services | |Finance and Insurance | |Property and business services | |Government admisnistration and defence | |All other industries(a) | |(a) Excluding ownership of dwellings and ownership transfer costs. | Annual growth in investment for computer hardware and software fluctuated between 1997-98 and 2004-05, though it remained positive throughout this period. The 18.3% peak in growth in software investment between 1998-99 and 1999-2000 reflected Y2K related software spending. Investment in computers, Annual growth - 1997-98 to 2004-05 BUSINESS USE OF SELECTED ICT TECHNOLOGIES The following table shows recent trends in business use of computers and the Internet, and web presence in businesses. Over the last five years, business use of these technologies has increased substantially, particularly business presence on the web and use of the Internet. In 2002-03, 83% of businesses indicated use of a computer, while 71% used the Internet and 23% had a web presence. BUSINESS USE OF SELECTED TECHNOLOGIES |Businesses using a computer | |Businesses using the Internet | |Businesses with a web presence | |Business Use of Information Technology, 2002-03 (cat. no. 8129.0). | Intermediate consumption is the value of goods and services used up as inputs in the process of production. In business accounting terms, intermediate consumption corresponds to 'business expenses' (as opposed to investment spending). Business and government intermediate consumption of ICT products was valued at $33.5 billion in 2002-03. The largest item of intermediate consumption of ICT products was telecommunication services valued at $18.9 billion, followed by other computer services ($11.0 billion). Following national accounts conventions, all household spending on ICT products is treated as consumption spending. Households spent $16.0 billion on ICT products in 2002-03. The largest single component was phone carrier services, which accounted for $10.8 billion (or 67.0%) of household expenditure on ICT. Households also spent $1.8 billion (11.4%) on computer hardware, $1.2 billion (7.5%) on telecommunication equipment and $1.1 billion (6.8%) on Internet services. Household spending on ICT products accounted for 3.5% of total household final consumption expenditure (HFCE) in 2002-03. This was similar to the level of household spending on education services, clothing and footwear and alcoholic beverages and tobacco. HFCE, Selected components - Relative to total HFCE: 2002-03 INTERNATIONAL TRADE IN ICT Australia experienced a deficit of $9.7 billion in net trade in ICT products in 2002-03. That is, the level of ICT product imports ($14.0 billion) was $9.7 billion greater than ICT product exports ($4.2 billion). ICT imports accounted for 8.4% of all imports while ICT exports accounted for 2.8% of exports. Re-exports made up $1.2 billion of total ICT imports and exports. Re-exports are imports which are exported in the same condition or after undergoing only minor transformation which leaves them essentially unchanged. Computer hardware and telecommunication equipment together made up 73.5% of ICT imports. The largest ICT export items were computer hardware at $1.3 billion and telecommunication services at $1.1 billion. In combination, these two items comprised 55.2% of total ICT exports in 2002-03. For analytical purposes ICT employment is defined to include 'computing professionals and technicians' working in both ICT and non-ICT related industries. ICT employment excludes persons employed in ICT related industries in such activities as data entry, call centre and general management and administration. Computing professionals and technicians accounted for 2.5% (or 234,700 persons) of total employed persons in 2002-03. Computing professionals dominated this category, accounting for 74% or 174,800 persons. 'Computing professionals' covers system managers, designers, programmers and auditors, software designers, and applications and analyst programmers. The Property and business services industry employed 49.1% of all computing professionals and technicians in 2002-03. The second largest industry employer of computing professionals and technicians was Government administration and defence (9.0% or 21,100 persons) followed by Finance and insurance (8.1% or 19,100 persons). Employed persons, Computing professionals and technicians - By industry - 2002-03 This page last updated 28 January 2009
Last year in Texas, a scared little white pup named Diamond arrived at the City of Abilene’s municipal shelter. She was dirty, painfully matted and very scared. No one knew it at the time, but she was also deaf. If Diamond had arrived at the shelter a year earlier, she may never have found her happy ending. But the folks who work at the City of Abilene shelter are especially dedicated and strongly committed to saving animals’ lives. Naturally, they jumped at the chance to take part in the ASPCA’s Carroll Petrie Foundation Dog Rescue Project, unveiled in September. Part of the ASPCA Animal Relocation Initiative, the Carroll Petrie Foundation Dog Rescue Project helps cash-strapped municipal shelters like Abilene’s relocate dogs to off-site adoption programs, rescues or private shelters by providing municipal shelters $50 per dog placed. That money can be spent on vet care for an animal, transportation of the pet, or on anything else that will help move the animal out of the shelter. For Diamond, this program was a godsend. Abilene was able to use the Petrie subsidy to move her to The Pawed Squad rescue. After a desperately needed grooming, Diamond revealed herself to be an adorable little Bichon Frise! She also came out of her shell and showed she would make a wonderful companion. Soon after rescuing Diamond, the Pawed Squad was able to place her in a loving home that cherishes her every day. Her deafness was never an issue for these awesome adopters. Congratulations to Abilene, The Pawed Squad rescue and Diamond’s happy family. We’re so glad the Carroll Petrie Foundation Dog Rescue Project is changing lives like hers and thousands of others. Want to help support our efforts to find homes for thousands of homeless pets like Diamond? Please consider becoming an ASPCA Guardian today.
The Memovox Polaris, of which 1714 were made between 1965 and 1970, remains Jaeger-LeCoultre’s best known diving watch. The project took shape in the wake of the 1959 Memovox Deep Sea. The Manufacture’s new creation had an unusually large case for the time: 42 mm! One year after the launch of the first models, the Memovox Polaris was fitted with a new system to increase the volume of the alarm under water. A triple case back prevented the sound from being damped by the diver’s rubber suit. It consisted of an inner case in bronze for the resonance of the alarm, a waterproof back and an outer back with 16 round openings. Manufactured in 1967, the Memovox Polaris watch to be sold by Artcurial, model E859, is among the first models fitted with the patented Compressor triple back. It also offers an inner bidirectional rotating flange, luminescent hour-markers and hands and a date aperture. Composed of 241 parts, the self-winding Jaeger-LeCoultre 825 calibre is equipped with a hammer rotor. Although perfected over the years, today’s Jaeger-LeCoultre alarm watches still use a similar alarm system.
|more useful options| batkinsby batkins (Chaplain) |on Jul 25, 2002 at 15:21 UTC||Need Help??| -----BEGIN PERL GEEK CODE BLOCK----- That's my Perl Geek Code. Useless? Yep. Accurate? Nah. Obligatory? Unfortunately. I like Perl. Download milkbone, an all-perl graphical IM client written completely in Perl. I'm currently a senior in high school. When not attending school or working, I maintain milkbone and build orphanages for poor children in the South American Andes. In my remaining time, I run a soup kitchen from the backseat of my '93 Ford Taurus station wagon (known to some as the Wonder Wagon, to others as Mitch and to others as the Shaggin' Wagon). I'm an abbot, which means I'm important here </sarcasm>. Anyway, a note to aspiring monks: You don't get a halo when you become a saint. I know, I know - I was disappointed, too. But it's better that you learn this now than waste your life striving for sainthood. You don't have to thank me, but if you want to, download milkbone. Did I mention you should download milkbone? Visit (and edit) my Tk wiki.. Monks I know
Coach earns top honors Each year as the Utah State Wrestling Tournament winds to a close, coaches in each classification pick the Coach of the Year. This year, with seven wrestlers in the finals, five champions and the s... Bronco wrestlers advance to State The San Juan Bronco wrestling team qualified seven wrestlers to the 2A state tournament this weekend. They qualified with a finish at the Division A Regional Tournament at Richfield. They include: ... Bucks claim eighth crown Nine years ago, the Monticello Buckaroos rejoined the ranks of 1A athletics. Their first year back at the region wrestling tournament they came in second to Wayne High School by 19 points. Wayne ha... MHS drill team second at State 1A The Monticello High School drill team recently returned from the 1A state drill competition with a second place trophy. The team placed second in all three individual categories (military, dance an... Bucks edge Cougars 56-53 The Monument Valley Cougars have never beaten the Monticello Buckaroos in boys basketball and after a loss to San Juan JV just last week, it looked liked they were headed for a loss to the Bucks on... Monticello wrestlers head to Rumble This week, the Monticello Buckaroo Wrestlers put a big 62-15 win in the books at a home dual with Dolores and travelled to their toughest tournament of the year, the Rockwell Rumble in Orem.
Berkeleyside / Tracey Taylor A seagull flew into two power lines in west Berkeley Tuesday morning causing a power outage. A fire erupted and damaged the home at 1113 Delaware Street, adjacent to the power lines in question and one block of the street was evacuated by Berkeley police.PG&E spokesperson Tamar Sarkissian said she could not confirm whether the seagull incident caused the fire. Two customers are without power. The fire was at 1113 Delaware Street in west Berkeley and, according to Berkeley Deputy Fire Chief Gil Dong, it is not clear yet whether the power lines fell as a result of the fire or vice versa. Want all the day’s Berkeley news in your email inbox at the end of your day? Click here to subscribe to Berkeleyside’s free Daily Briefing.
An FQHC (Federally Qualified Health Center) is part of the dental safety net — these centers serve locations or populations with limited access to care. They may be located in urban or rural areas. An FQHC is often an integrated medical facility, where a patient has a single chart encompassing all care, including medical, dental and behavioral health. Some dentists work full-time at a FQHC, while others devote part of their schedules to working for one of these centers. Loan repayment is available for a combined commitment that includes both a minimum number of 20 hours per week, and a minimum number of years of service. Have you worked at an FQHC? Share your experience in the comments.
Paul Donchian, Modeler of higher dimensions This web presentation contains the audio and slides of a lecture given at the Fields Institute on February 15, 2002 as part of the Sculpture Dedication Ceremony. Listen to audio presentation: You may browse the slides in the presentation (a browser capable of displaying PNG graphics
Meeting Mia for her first ever full frontal nude sessions proved to be a happy experience for both model and photographer. At the photo session in Paris, Mia proved herself to be perfect model material. Not only does this playful and sexy young woman have a superb body – with a particularly amazing ass - she also has the brains too. Mia recently moved to Budapest and is studying Public Management. She has plans to open her own model agency and experience in front of the camera is certain to help this ambitious girl on her way. Mia is gorgeous, polite and full of personality. She is the kind of girl you could easily fall in love with. She has the tiniest of appetites... but like many girls Mia just loves chocolate! With brains and beauty this girl is definitely headed for the top!
Family, friends and members of the Illawarra business community are mourning the death of former Illawarra Mercury general manager Ian Fell who died yesterday at the age of 83. Mr Fell - who worked at the Mercury from 1967 to 1984 - died peacefully in his sleep at Chesalon Care Woonona. His wife of 57 years, Val, and four children - Catriona, Alex, Rowan and Gordon - came together yesterday to mourn the devoted husband and father who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease six years ago. Despite the diagnosis he never forgot an old friend, according to former Mercury editor Peter Newell, who is now ClubsNSW and Illawarra Steelers chairman. "We had a Mercury reunion a couple of years back and the minute he saw me he said 'G'day Pete'," Mr Newell said. "He was a good man, a gentleman and one of the old-style newspapermen. He was a member of the then Wollongong Club, a businessmen's club, and he was well respected by many in the community." Mr Fell worked his way up the ranks, starting as a copy boy at the former Sydney Sun newspaper and moving to the then Newcastle Sun before coming to the Mercury. "Ian started the weekend that Australia's former Prime Minister Harold Holt disappeared on the Sunday while swimming on a Victorian beach," Mr Newell said. "That was in the days of hot metal newspaper production and Ian put together three pages on Holt's disappearance that Sunday night. "... And that was how he greeted Wollongong." That same work ethic was evident during many historic events, including the Appin mine disaster of 1979, when the Mercury brought out morning and afternoon editions, and throughout a number of industrial upheavals. "There was a long journalists' strike in 1982, and the reporters went out for four to six weeks," Mr Newell said. "Ian put a couple of papers out a week virtually single-handed." Mrs Fell yesterday said after his family and friends, newspapers were her husband's great passion. "He spent 40 years in newspapers," she said. "In the early days he covered big court stories such as the Royal Commission into the Petrov affair in 1954, 55." "When he retired he decided he wanted to do something different and he taught himself carpentry, leatherwork and stained glass work. "But he still wanted his daily newspaper, and loved doing the word games up 'til the end." Daughter Catriona shared a close bond with her father and also worked for many years at the Mercury. "My father was always described to me by everyone who met him as a true gentleman. One who, in his role as the general manager of Illawarra Newspapers, was a fair and just leader. "But to me, he was my dad, my mentor, the reason I went into newspapers and the person who loved me unconditionally. "The biggest compliment I have ever received is from a former Mercury long-timer, who told me often that 'You are just like your father'," she said. Illawarra businesswoman and journalist Janine Cullen met Mr Fell in the early '70s when she started her career as a cadet journalist at the Mercury and said he would be greatly missed. "Ian was always a thorough gentleman and as general manager he provided great common sense to many situations as well as providing a balance for the flamboyant and brilliant editor, the late John Richardson," she said. The funeral notice will be in tomorrow's Mercury.
A legendary name in design and entertaining,the Kobenstyle 4-piece DOF Glass Set is a unique blend of simplicity and true elegance. These double old fashion glasses offer heft and style, coordinate with both formal and casual dinnerware, and will make a handsome addition to any home bar. - Crafted of glass - Dishwasher safe - Capacity: 10 oz. Shopping made easy with Lenox EasyPay. Order today and take up to 8 months to pay - interest free!Learn About EasyPay
name = TEC_WP; Erp at the Speed of Light: Making Rapid Implementation Work for You by Oracle --> Email this to a friend View More Related Papers Receive White Paper Updates White Paper Description Users implementing enterprise resource planning (ERP) software for the first time are often intimidated by the time and cost, and want to accelerate the go-live date. Related to Time and Cost: Decision Making, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Installation (Support and Pre-installation), Needs Analysis, Return on Investment (ROI), Software Selection, Total Cost Analysis (TCO), Oracle American Crane & Equipment Corporation (ACECO) designs and manufactures electric overhead traveling cranes. Managing and tracking custom projects for accurate job costing is key?but ACECO?s legacy system involved labor-intensive, manual manipulation of data. ACECO saw that real-time job cost data was vital to operational performance. It found a solution with integrated functionality for all process operations. Learn more. Related to Time and Cost: Engineer-to-Order (ETO), Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Job Costing, Manufacturing Process Management (MPM), Operations Planning, Jobscope To manage any resource, one must first see it clearly by tracking it carefully. Hence, time tracking should be a fundamental part of any business. Certainly, every business already tracks time at some level?even if only for payroll. The most successful businesses, however, understand that time tracking is a core business process, and they use that process to best advantage. Related to Time and Cost: Payroll, Project Management, Project Portfolio Management (PPM), Time and Attendance Tracking, Time and Expense Reporting, Time, Billing, and Invoicing, Journyx Organizations of all sizes are tasked with increasing efficiency and revenues in a timely manner. Naturally, this leads them to consider automation. The critical question then becomes: is it more beneficial to build a time and expense management solution or to buy one? Overwhelmingly, organizations have proven that buying a solution results in greater value and success. Related to Time and Cost: Decision Making Considerations, Time and Expense Reporting, Time Management, Journyx, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Management, Scientific, and Technical Consulting Services Solution and Services SAP NetWeaver™, including SAP® Enterprise Portal (SAP EP) , SAP Business Intelligence (SAP BI) , and SAP Exchange Infrastructure (SAP XI) components mySAP™ Business Suite, including mySAP Customer Relationship Management (mySAP CRM) and mySAP Supply Chain Management (mySAP SCM) SAP Best Practices SAP Consulting Existing Environment SAP R/3® (now available in mySAP ERP) Implementation Highlights With SAP Best Practices, project time Related to Time and Cost: Business Intelligence (BI), Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Inventory Management, SAP "Utilizing core recipe information for labeling, guidelines and restrictions, and other product development processes provides significant time and cost savings while further assuring product quality," says Anne. Related to Time and Cost: Collaborative Product Design (CPD), Design and Project Collaboration, Formula/Recipe, Process Manufacturing, Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), Infor, Dairy product manufacturing, Food and Beverage Products, Grain mill product, starch and starch product, and prepared animal feed manufacturing While there is no magic button to turn old code into new code, there are tools that can dramatically reduce the time and cost of a conversion project. Related to Time and Cost: Excel Software In one of the most difficult economic environments in decades, manufacturers around the world are reevaluating their enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems. On-demand ERP solutions, commonly referred to as software-as-a-service (SaaS) ERP systems, are increasingly attractive to enterprises seeking to cut costs and extend scarce IT resources. Discover the five advantages of on-demand ERP systems. Related to Time and Cost: Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Software as a Service (SaaS), Plex Systems Software Requirements: -an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, to be deployed in Katy finance and human resource (HR) departments, as well as in most -locations in the district for purchasing and employee self-service activities Software Selection Project Needs: Gibson -wanted a partner to provide enriching technology support for its client ERP evaluation and selection project, to reduce time and cost of the project Katy ISD -wanted external Related to Time and Cost: Decision Making, Decision Support System (DSS), Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Software Selection, Technology Evaluation Centers, Educational Services, Public Administration Because of this, system configuration can be accomplished in-house by your IT staff at a fraction of the time and cost of traditional systems. Related to Time and Cost: Decision Making, Decision Making Considerations, Practices and Business Issues, Software Selection, Strategy, Warehouse Management System (WMS), HighJump Software Talk to your vendor about their upgrade process to ensure that you can take full advantage of their latest functionality enhancements without excessive time and cost. Related to Time and Cost: Decision Making, Distribution and Warehousing, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Inventory Management, Radio Frequency Identification (RFID), Software Selection, Supply Chain Management (SCM), Technology Tools and Methods, Total Cost Analysis (TCO), Warehouse Management System (WMS), HighJump Software Cut the amount of time and cost it takes to resolve service issues without compromising an exceptional service experience that keeps your customers loyal. Related to Time and Cost: Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Customer Service and Support, Field Service Management, Help Desk and Call Management, Lead Distribution Management, Marketing Automation, Sales Force Automation (SFA), Sage In addition to the quantifiable time and cost savings, Arena has proven to deliver certain less tangible— but no less important—benefits for AIUS as well. Related to Time and Cost: Bill of Material Management (BOM)/Configuration Management, Hosting Services, Manufacturing Management, Outsourcing, Product Development and Portfolio Management (PPM), Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), Arena Solutions, Manufacturing Before CHAMPS was in place, downtime always exceeded the budgeted allocation in time and cost. Related to Time and Cost: Asset Management, Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS), Enterprise Asset Management, CHAMPS Inc., Management of Companies and Enterprises, Management, Scientific, and Technical Consulting Services Increasingly, success depends not only on how fast manufacturers can act, but how fast they can react?and the effectiveness of the actions they take. But fast and effective reactions depend on having the information you need when you need it. Is your response management strategy efficient enough? Do you have enough control over key supply chain processes? Find out how to better manage your response to volatile markets. Related to Time and Cost: Change Management, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Forecasting, Inventory Management, Lean/Flow Manufacturing, Management Practices, Strategy, Supply Chain Event Management, Supply Chain Management (SCM), Supply Chain Optimization, Kinaxis
WASHINGTON — U.S. Sen. John Cornyn asked congressional colleagues this week to investigate whether the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) ran a gun-walking program in Texas, the latest in his months-long effort to put the heat on the Obama administration over the controversial Fast and Furious operation. His request came the week after he sponsored a measure in the U.S. Senate that received rare bipartisan support: an oversight requirement that would help bar any future operations like the Arizona-based Fast and Furious. And it got some traction on Wednesday as two lawmakers investigating the program issued another round of questions for the U.S. Department of Justice. The ATF operated Fast and Furious from late 2009 to earlier this year, allowing weapons to cross the Arizona border into Mexico in an effort to trace them to drug cartels. Guns tied to the operation were found near where Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was killed in 2010. In August, Cornyn raised concerns that ATF may have run a similar operation in Texas, something bureau officials have denied. His letter this week to the two Republican lawmakers leading a congressional probe of Fast and Furious — Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa, ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and Rep. Darrell Issa of California, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee — outlined his concerns. The second-term GOP senator and former Texas attorney general has been one of the most outspoken critics of the now-defunct program and is likely to stay that way as Republicans ratchet up pressure on the Obama administration, particularly U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, whose testimony before lawmakers Cornyn has criticized. “We need to do everything we can to make sure that such a reckless operation like this one is not repeated,” Cornyn told reporters last week. “If we get the answers and we find out who was responsible and held accountable,” he added in a television interview, “then I think that will be worth the effort.” First, he asked the lawmakers to investigate whether the ATF ran a similar gun-walking program in Texas, as allegations by an attorney for a federally licensed gun dealer in Houston may have suggested. Cornyn, who serves on the Judiciary Committee, said the Justice Department had not responded to his request this summer to tell him about any Texas-based programs. Cornyn also asked for an investigation of whether a Texas program “may have been responsible for the murder of” a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent, Jaime Zapata, in Mexico in February. Investigators for Grassley and Issa “are anxious to hear the Justice Department’s explanation" for allegation of a Texas program, a spokeswoman for the Judiciary Committee, Beth Levine, told The Tribune in an e-mail. She said the lawmakers would continue to look into the concerns Cornyn raised in the letter. The Justice Department did not respond to The Tribune’s request for comment. On Wednesday, Grassley and Issa picked up Cornyn's inquiry and ran with it, citing the letter as they asked for answers to a long list of new questions about Zapata's death. They also cited an Oct. 11 response from an assistant attorney general who said "ongoing criminal investigations" limit what the Justice Department can say about the issue. Beyond the letters, Cornyn's focus on the program has also included his amendment, which the Senate approved last week 99-0, as well as making Fast and Furious a consistent topic in his weekly conference call with reporters, in his public remarks and, of course, in his Twitter stream. A Justice Department official told The Associated Press the amendment "essentially reflects DOJ policy." Some Democrats have said the ire of Cornyn and other Republicans is misguided. Southern California Rep. Adam Schiff, for example, condemned what he called “politically motivated attacks” on Holder. “The evidence is clear and the Attorney General has been forthright throughout — he was not briefed on the details of Operation Fast and Furious until after the serious problems became public,” Schiff said in a statement. “ … If the House majority is truly concerned about violence in Mexico and not just scoring political points, I suggest they support stronger penalties on firearm traffickers who supply vicious Mexican drug cartels with thousands of weapons.” Texas Democrats' views on the issue vary. El Paso Rep. Silvestre Reyes told the Tribune this summer that the public shouldn’t yet jump to conclusions about Fast and Furious, while Laredo Rep. Henry Cuellar called for the ATF to “come clean.” Cornyn's position is bolstered by some ill will toward the ATF in Texas. A San Antonio gun seller sued the head of the bureau over new reporting rules that came in the wake of Fast and Furious. In any case, Cornyn seems poised to keep pushing. In his letter to Grassley and Issa, he said his constituents deserve answers. “Though their failure to respond is not direct evidence of malfeasance, the Department’s reluctance to address allegations of additional ‘gun-walking’ schemes in my state raises serious questions,” Cornyn wrote, “and Texans deserve a full accounting of the Department’s role in this matter.” Keeping the pressure on the Obama administration accountable also makes Fast and Furious an appealing cudgel for Republicans, including National Republican Senatorial Committee chairman Cornyn, to wield against the administration. “Part of it is just to keep the heat on and frankly the bright light of publicity on this so we can get Eric Holder and the Department of Justice to come clean with the facts,” Cornyn told Greta Van Susteren last week after the passage of his amendment. But ultimately, Cornyn told The Tribune in a statement, it’s about the circumstances of two suspect deaths. “I think we could all agree that the families of Brian Terry and Jaime Zapata deserve nothing less than a full accounting of what happened from this administration,” he said. Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
The Women's Dorith Sandal will show your feet the utmost love and comfort. This gladiator inspired sandal features a feminine straps design leather upper with a hook and loop strap and backstrap for added stability and support. It features a TPR sole for dependable traction and durability. This classic foot piece is a great pick for this summer season. No Customers Have Reviewed This Product Yet Share your thoughts with other customers
A TOWN councillor who says democracy is dead is planning to march with a coffin through Malvern in protest at the policies of district and county councils. Cllr Martin Lawrence is inviting 150 people to help him finance the march and carry the coffin to mark their disgust. Among the policies he objects to are what he calls "the housing free-for-all planning fiasco" and the wheelie bin policy of Malvern Hills District Council, and Worcestershire County Council's decision to spend £8 million on revamping the Ketch roundabout outside Worcester and £165 million on the Hartlebury incinerator. New parking restrictions which he says are killing off local businesses and restrictions on trailers using the tip in Malvern Link have also drawn his wrath. He said: "In recognition that democracy has died, I invite residents and traders to join me in a funeral procession, with a full-size cardboard coffin; starting at Belle Vue Terrace in Malvern,walking to Barnards Green, then on to the dump in Malvern Link. "A cardboard coffin can be purchased from Ebay for just £150 including delivery; if 150 residents wish to chip in £1 each. "they can register their intention to join me, taking turns as pallbearers, by emailing me at firstname.lastname@example.org. If anyone knows of a brass band that can join us that would be great."
Bret Michaels Brings New Guitar, Salad To Station Square Hard Rock Cafe BUTLER (KDKA) – A career music man is now cooking up something special at the Hard Rock Café – and on Bret Michaels Day, no less. In addition to playing a concert in his hometown at the Big Butler Fair, he’s in town to dedicate a custom Gibson guitar to the Hard Rock Café at Station Square. “My dad would bring me down to tailgate parties,” he said. “We would got down and see the Pirates play, the Steelers, the Penguins, Steelers, Pitt. It was just an awesome day to be able to donate this knowing that we live here and I think people will love to be able to come in here and see how intricate the custom work is on this guitar and there’s really one other one like it in the world.” That guitar is in the Steelers locker room. “I’m a barbequer, right?” Michaels said. “So I was working on the Pitts-burger, right? And I was like this is going to be good and all the sudden we segued into a more international flair — so in all my days I never knew that it would happen but the dream has finally come true — the Bret Michaels salad at the Hard Rock.” “It was a perfect fit because it’s high in fiber and high in protein and low in carbs so for what we are trying to accomplish it, it was a perfect salad to put together,” he added. Welcome home Bret – and bon appetit.
26 April 2012 New Lutheran Quote of the Day We do not worship alone in this time and this place and this language. We worship with every generation of the church in one unified liturgy where Jesus Christ and heaven itself are present in word and sacrament. For liturgy to become associated with a particular place in a particular time would seriously hinder the church's expression of the eschatological character of its worship. In every age, liturgy bespeaks a story that is transcultural and trans-temporal. The faithful tell a story in the liturgy which they did not invent but which they have made their own. - Arthur Just, The Devotional Life of the Pastor, in Teach Me Thy Way, O Lord, p. 95. Posted by William Weedon at 7:35 PM
Nuclear Technology / Volume 168 / Number 3 / December 2009 / Pages 721-727 Proton Therapy / Special Issue on the 11th International Conference on Radiation Shielding and the 15th Topical Meeting of the Radiation Protection and Shielding Division (PART 3) / Radiation Protection A Monte Carlo modeling tool was applied at the Institut-Curie Centre de Protonthérapie d'Orsay, France, to simulate the passively scattered beam line used for treatment of ocular melanoma. The primary aim of this study is to validate the model for subsequent calculation of patient doses due to secondary neutrons. The Monte Carlo code MCNPX is used here to model the geometry of the beam line. The beam parameters at the entrance of the ophthalmologic beam line are not well known (beam emittance, lateral distribution, and energy spread). Hence, to accurately implement the beam source in the model, we need to calculate and measure these parameters in the first step of this study. Then, we perform comparisons between calculated and measured proton absorbed dose profiles under various scattering conditions. Comparisons between calculated and measured depth versus dose profiles show discrepancies <0.6 mm (range) and <1.1 mm (beam size and penumbra) for the lateral dose profiles. Hence, calculated relative dose profiles are considered to be correctly described by the Monte Carlo model. Some improvements are still needed to reproduce absolute dose profiles. This study should lead to the use of the numerical model for radiation protection applications.
| ||Format||Pages||Price|| | |8||$43.00||  ADD TO CART| |Hardcopy (shipping and handling)||8||$43.00||  ADD TO CART| Significance and Use 5.1 Gamma-ray spectrometry is of use in identifying radionuclides and in making quantitative measurements. Use of a semiconductor detector is necessary for high-resolution measurements. 5.2 Variation of the physical geometry of the sample and its relationship with the detector will produce both qualitative and quantitative variations in the gamma-ray spectrum. To adequately account for these geometry effects, calibrations are designed to duplicate all conditions including source-to-detector distance, sample shape and size, and sample matrix encountered when samples are measured. 5.3 Since some spectrometry systems are calibrated at many discrete distances from the detector, a wide range of activity levels can be measured on the same detector. For high-level samples, extremely low-efficiency geometries may be used. Quantitative measurements can be made accurately and precisely when high activity level samples are placed at distances of 10 cm or more from the detector. 5.4 Electronic problems, such as erroneous deadtime correction, loss of resolution, and random summing, may be avoided by keeping the gross count rate below 2000 counts per second (s–1) and also keeping the deadtime of the analyzer below 5 %. Total counting time is governed by the radioactivity of the sample, the detector to source distance and the acceptable Poisson counting uncertainty. 1.1 This practice covers the measurement of gamma-ray emitting radionuclides in water by means of gamma-ray spectrometry. It is applicable to nuclides emitting gamma-rays with energies greater than 45 keV. For typical counting systems and sample types, activity levels of about 40 Bq are easily measured and sensitivities as low as 0.4 Bq are found for many nuclides. Count rates in excess of 2000 counts per second should be avoided because of electronic limitations. High count rate samples can be accommodated by dilution, by increasing the sample to detector distance, or by using digital signal processors. 1.2 This practice can be used for either quantitative or relative determinations. In relative counting work, the results may be expressed by comparison with an initial concentration of a given nuclide which is taken as 100 %. For quantitative measurements, the results may be expressed in terms of known nuclidic standards for the radionuclides known to be present. This practice can also be used just for the identification of gamma-ray emitting radionuclides in a sample without quantifying them. General information on radioactivity and the measurement of radiation has been published (. , ) Information on specific application of gamma spectrometry is also available in the literature (. See also the referenced ASTM Standards in ) and the related material section at the end of this standard. 1.3 This standard does not purport to address the safety concerns, if any, associated with its use. It is the responsibility of the user of this standard to establish appropriate safety and health practices and determine the applicability of regulatory limitation prior to use. 2. Referenced Documents (purchase separately) The documents listed below are referenced within the subject standard but are not provided as part of the standard. D1066 Practice for Sampling Steam D1129 Terminology Relating to Water D2777 Practice for Determination of Precision and Bias of Applicable Test Methods of Committee D19 on Water D3370 Practices for Sampling Water from Closed Conduits D3648 Practices for the Measurement of Radioactivity D4448 Guide for Sampling Ground-Water Monitoring Wells E181 Test Methods for Detector Calibration and Analysis of Radionuclides ICS Number Code 71.040.50 (Physicochemical methods of analysis) UNSPSC Code 41111929(Radiation detectors) ASTM D3649-06(2014), Standard Practice for High-Resolution Gamma-Ray Spectrometry of Water, ASTM International, West Conshohocken, PA, 2014, www.astm.orgBack to Top
Review: Nokia N97 I'm not quite as frustrated with some of the things that Eric is. For example, I have no problem with the touchscreen being resistive because it might be the best resistive touchscreen I've ever used. I'm also a little bit surprised with his complaints about the body. It's disappointing that the N-Series development team has not found a way to equal the products created by its E-Series counterparts but I can't go as far as to say that I think the N97 feels cheap (other than maybe the battery cover). Ultimately, I agree that the phone is not worth the listed $700 price tag. I ordered mine when Nokia accidentally had them listed for $250 off, and I think that is right around a reasonable price for this. But I also remember that the N95 was $750 when it first launched and, initially, it was also somewhat panned. But after a few FW upgrades and price drops, it eventually became one of the most popular Nokia phones ever. I can see the same thing happening with the N97. But Nokia really needs to learn to stop releasing phones with what is essentially the beta version of the firmware. It's becoming increasingly crucial to hit home runs right out of the door. No replies to this message
This End User License Agreement (EULA) is a CONTRACT between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Wingware, which covers your use of "Wing IDE Personal" and related software components. All such software is referred to herein as the "Software Product." A software license and a license key or serial number ("Software Product License"), issued to a designated user only by Wingware or its authorized agents, is required for each user of the Software Product. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, then do not install or use the Software Product or the Software Product License. By explicitly accepting this EULA you are acknowledging and agreeing to be bound by the following terms: - EVALUATION LICENSE WARNING This Software Product can be used in conjunction with a free evaluation Software Product License. If you are using such an evaluation Software Product License, you may use the Software Product only to evaluate its suitability for purchase. Evaluation Software Product Licenses have an expiration date and most of the features of the software will be disabled after that date. WINGWARE BEARS NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE (OR ATTEMPTED USE AFTER THE EXPIRATION DATE) OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, AND HAS NO DUTY TO PROVIDE ANY SUPPORT BEFORE OR AFTER THE EXPIRATION DATE OF AN EVALUATION LICENSE. - GRANT OF NON-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE Wingware grants the non-exclusive, non-transferable right for a single user to use this Software Product for each license purchased. Each additional user of the Software Product requires an additional Software Product License. This includes users working on operating systems where the Software Product is compiled from source code by the user or a third party. You may make copies of the Software Product as reasonably necessary for its use. Each copy must reproduce all copyright and other proprietary rights notices on or in the Software Product. You may install your Software Product License only on computer systems and user accounts that are used by you, the licensee. You may also make copies of the Software Product License as necessary for backup and/or archival purposes. No other copies or installations may be made. All rights not expressly granted to you are retained by Wingware. - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS RESERVED BY WINGWARE The Software Product is owned by Wingware and is protected by United States and international copyright laws and treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. You must not remove or alter any copyright notices on any copies of the Software Product. This Software Product copy is licensed, not sold. You may not use, copy, or distribute the Software Product, except as granted by this EULA, without written authorization from Wingware or its designated agents. Furthermore, this EULA does not grant you any rights in connection with any trademarks or service marks of Wingware. Wingware reserves all intellectual property rights, including copyrights, and trademark rights. - NO RIGHT TO TRANSFER You may not rent, lease, lend, or in any way distribute or transfer any rights in this EULA or the Software Product to third parties. You hereby agree to indemnify Wingware against and hold harmless Wingware from any claims, lawsuits or other losses that arise out of your breach of any provision of this EULA. - THIRD PARTY RIGHTS Any software provided along with the Software Product that is associated with a separate license agreement is licensed to you under the terms of that license agreement. This license does not apply to those portions of the Software Product. Copies of these third party licenses are included in all copies of the Software Product. - SUPPORT SERVICES Wingware may provide you with support services related to the Software Product. Use of any such support services is governed by Wingware policies and programs described in online documentation and/or other Wingware-provided materials. As part of these support services, Wingware may make available bug lists, planned feature lists, and other supplemental informational materials. WINGWARE MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND FOR THESE MATERIALS AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF THESE MATERIALS. FURTHERMORE, YOU MAY NOT USE ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED IN THIS WAY TO SUPPORT ANY CLAIM MADE AGAINST WINGWARE. Any supplemental software code or related materials that Wingware provides to you as part of the support services, in periodic updates to the Software Product or otherwise, is to be considered part of the Software Product and is subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA. With respect to any technical information you provide to Wingware as part of the support services, Wingware may use such information for its business purposes without restriction, including for product support and development. Wingware will not use such technical information in a form that personally identifies you without first obtaining your permission. - TERMINATION WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO ANY OTHER RIGHTS Wingware may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Software Product and Software Product Licenses. - U.S. GOVERNMENT USE If the Software Product is licensed under a U.S. Government contract, you acknowledge that the software and related documentation are "commercial items," as defined in 48 C.F.R 2.01, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1. You also acknowledge that the software is "commercial computer software" as defined in 48 C.F.R. 252.227-7014(a)(1). U.S. Government agencies and entities and others acquiring under a U.S. Government contract shall have only those rights, and shall be subject to all restrictions, set forth in this EULA. Contractor/manufacturer is Wingware, P.O. Box 400527, Cambridge, MA 02140-0006, USA. - EXPORT RESTRICTIONS You will not download, export, or re-export the Software Product, any part thereof, or any software, tool, process, or service that is the direct product of the Software Product, to any country, person, or entity -- even to foreign units of your own company -- if such a transfer is in violation of U.S. export restrictions. - NO WARRANTIES YOU ACCEPT THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE "AS IS," AND WINGWARE AND ITS THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY AS TO ITS USE, PERFORMANCE, OR OTHERWISE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WINGWARE AND ITS THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND CONDITIONS,EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT REMAINS WITH YOU. - LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL WINGWARE OR ITS THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY COSTS OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THIS EULA OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES, EVEN IF WINGWARE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, WINGWARE'S, AND ITS THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS' AND LICENSORS', ENTIRE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS EULA SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR THE PRODUCT LIST PRICE; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IF YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A WINGWARE SUPPORT SERVICES AGREEMENT, WINGWARE'S ENTIRE LIABILITY REGARDING SUPPORT SERVICES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE TERMS OF THAT AGREEMENT. - HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES The Software Product is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the Software Product, or any software, tool, process, or service that was developed using the Software Product, could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). Accordingly, Wingware and its suppliers and licensors specifically disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities. You agree that Wingware and its suppliers and licensors will not be liable for any claims or damages arising from the use of the Software Product, or any software, tool, process, or service that was developed using the Software Product, in such applications. - GOVERNING LAW; ENTIRE AGREEMENT ; DISPUTE RESOLUTION This EULA is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., excluding the application of any conflict of law rules. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply. This EULA is the entire agreement between Wingware and you, and supersedes any other communications or advertising with respect to the Software Product; this EULA may be modified only by written agreement signed by authorized representatives of you and Wingware. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all disputes relating to this EULA (excepting any dispute relating to intellectual property rights) shall be subject to final and binding arbitration in the State of Massachusetts, in accordance with the Licensing Agreement Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, with the losing party paying all costs of arbitration. Arbitration must be by a member of the American Arbitration Association. If any dispute arises under this EULA, the prevailing party shall be reimbursed by the other party for any and all legal fees and costs associated therewith. If any provision of this EULA is held invalid, the remainder of this EULA shall continue in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this EULA or any breach thereof, in any one instance, shall not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. - OUTSIDE THE U.S. If you are located outside the U.S., then the provisions of this Section shall apply. Les parties aux présentes confirment leur volonté que cette convention de même que tous les documents y compris tout avis qui s'y rattache, soient redigés en langue anglaise. (translation: "The parties confirm that this EULA and all related documentation is and will be in the English language.") You are responsible for complying with any local laws in your jurisdiction which might impact your right to import, export or use the Software Product, and you represent that you have complied with any regulations or registration procedures required by applicable law to make this license enforceable. The following are trademarks or registered trademarks of Wingware: Wingware, the feather logo, Wing IDE, Wing IDE 101, Wing IDE Personal, Wing IDE Professional, Wing IDE Enterprise, Wing Debugger, and "The Intelligent Development Environment for Python Programmers" - CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions about this EULA, or if you want to contact Wingware for any reason, please direct all correspondence to: Wingware, P.O. Box 400527, Cambridge, MA 02140-0006, United States of America or send email to info at wingware.com.
30-06-2005 Article, International Review of the Red Cross, No. 858, by Elizabeth Ferris Faith-based organizations share many characteristics with their secular counterparts and this article identifies some of these similarities as well as some of the differences. It also highlights some of the differences within the faith-based community, particularly between Christian organizations involved in humanitarian assistance. This article examines the role of faith-based organizations, particularly Christian organizations, in humanitarian assistance within the broader context of the NGO world. Following an overview of the historical development of these organizations, the article examines the current context in which faith-based and secular humanitarian organizations operate. The different roles played by these organizations are explored as are some of the difficulties they encounter. The article suggests that much more work is needed in the area of capacity-building of local humanitarian organizations and in the coordination of NGO programmatic work.
Last week I visited a nearby park to get some photos of the budding Cherry Trees: Some not-so Spring-like lighting on these; but isn't that Spring after all? This is a really delicious concoction: Lemon gelatin made with one cup hot water (and the zest and juice of one lemon) and after it cools to room temp you mix in another cup plus a few tablespoons extra of plain yogurt. I used half lowfat (1.5%) and half whole (3.5%) This is divine!~ And perfect for spring/summer. I had TWO FINISHES THIS WEEK! They were even on the same day! The Bunny Biscornu is now a rectangular pillow, and Sweet Bird's stitching is done! Yes, the Pomander balls are still there. I do love them, but they may need a trip to storage at least until the Summer. ;) I love the pearlised glass shank button I used for the cinch on this side. :) I also thought the Clove Bits were fine at the time I took the photo, but... The back is some seersucker I got in NYC. And the button from W***-M***. :D I used a blanket stitch to secure the seams before I whip-stitched the two sides together. I intended to take it out, and still could, but left it because I felt it gave a sweetly whimsical prim touch. Here is Sweet Bird, a spring freebie from The Sampler Girl, posted to her blog Spring 2010. I had a bit of a time picking fibers for it, but in the end I'm satisfied. Now I'm stitching on my November Prairie schooler! I am longing for a lighter stitch, BUT I ALSO want PS and don't want to add another WiP, so~ I'm also working a bit on the Halloween freebie! I'm so nervous about it that I have to take it easy so I don't get overwhelmed. :P Thanks for stopping by, everyone!
Scholarships & Grants Scholarships: Apply Now & Save Thousands By enrolling at Capella University now, you can save thousands on your tuition. Capella-sponsored scholarships are not based on financial need and never require repayment. These gifts are available now to everyone who enrolls in qualified programs and meets other eligibility requirements. Capella scholarships are easy to apply for and are a smart (and free) way to help fund your college education.
NMBVM Information Updates DVM, RVT EXAMINATIONS New Mexico DVM and RVT examinations are administered throughout the year in the Board office. Fees for DVM and RVT examinations on a date selected by the applicant are: - DVM – $500 - RVT – $100 BOARD-SET EXAMINATION DATES AT A REDUCED FEE Twice annually the Board administers the examinations in Albuquerque at a reduced fee. The reduced fee examination dates for 2017 are as follows: - Wednesday, January 11, 2017 - Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Fees for Board-set examination dates are as follows and must be submitted with the application form: - DVM – $300 - RVT – $75 Click on the link to access information about an out of competition veterinarian with the New Mexico Racing Commission. Click on the link to access information about an associate veterinarian employment opportunity in Las Cruces, New Mexico. Click on the link to access information about a veterinarian employment opportunity in Raton, New Mexico. Click on the link to access information about a veterinarian employment opportunity in Santa Fe, New Mexico. The Board rule below provides specific language concerning direct supervision. All quantifiers set out in the rule must be satisfied. 22.214.171.124 DIRECT SUPERVISION OF NON-VETERINARIANS: Non-licensed individuals are prohibited from practicing veterinary medicine which includes but is not limited to chiropractic, physical therapy, acupuncture, acupressure, homeopathy, therapeutic massage, dentistry, embryo transfer or any other related services on animals as defined in NMSA 1978, Section 61-14-2(B)(1), except under the direct supervision of a New Mexico-licensed veterinarian. - Direct supervision includes the following: (1) the licensed veterinarian must have established a valid veterinarian-client-patient relationship; (2) the treatment must be performed on the order of a licensed veterinarian; (3) the licensed veterinarian must be on the premises and readily available; (4) the licensed veterinarian must assume liability for the quality of any treatment performed; and (5) the fee for services rendered shall be paid to the licensed veterinarian or licensed facility. [126.96.36.199 NMAC – Rp 188.8.131.52 NMAC, 01-17-2014] USDA Veterinary Medicine Loan Repayment Program Click here for more information. Vesicular Stomatitis – Post date: May 15, 2015 In compliance with the 2015 VSV Field Procedures, livestock on a Grant Co premises are under quarantine following private practitioner notification to Animal Health Officials of the finding of one (1) horse with lesions compatible with Vesicular Stomatitis. There has been no movement of livestock to or from this premises in the past three weeks. Appropriate biosecurity measures are in place at this time. Producer and private practitioner vigilance for evidence of vesicular lesions in livestock and immediate reporting of such findings to state and/or federal animal health officials is essential for prompt diagnosis and control of disease spread and initiation of biosecurity measures to protect other livestock. Vesicular Stomatitis – Post date: 04/30/2015 The New Mexico Board of Veterinary Medicine has been informed by the New Mexico Livestock Board of two cases of vesicular stomatitis in the state. The cases are in Grants and Otero counties; the infected horse and livestock in each county are under quarantine. Be advised, vesicular lesions in livestock are reportable to state and federal Animal Health Officials. Prompt reporting is essential for rapid diagnostics and control of disease. New Mexico livestock producers should be aware that some restrictions or additional entry requirements may be necessary for interstate and international movement of livestock from New Mexico. The New Mexico Livestock Board State Veterinarian encourages managers and producers of major equine shows and events to call the New Mexico Livestock Board, 505-841-6161, for guidance on ways to minimize disruption of shows and events. 2016 BOARD MEETING DATES The Board has set the 2016 regular meeting dates; venues will be determined at a later date. - January 15, 2016 - April 8, 2016 - June 10, 2016 - October 14, 2016 VETERINARY CONTINUING EDUCATION TRACKING (VCET) The American Association of Veterinary State Boards (AAVSB) is offering a tracking service for continuing education for veterinarians and veterinary technicians. The service is accessible by going to http://www.AAVSB.org and clicking on Are you tracking your CE? on the home page. The sign up process is easy and will prove to be a time saver at annual renewal time. The requirements for bovine artificial insemination and pregnancy diagnosis permits have changed. Information can be accessed at Licensing Procedures tab above. VETERINARY EXTERNS PERFORMING SURGERY The exemption to licensure as set out in 61-14-14 B applies specifically to students in veterinary school as described; therefore, the students can perform surgery working under the direct supervision on a New Mexico-licensed veterinarian. IMPORTANT MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD The Board continues to be notified of the solicitations to veterinarians for the purchase of drugs for re-sale to companies offering an incentive of paying a percentage of the sales of the drugs to the veterinarian ordering the drugs. Be advised, this type of dispensing of prescription drugs is in violation of the Board’s Rules, specifically: 184.108.40.206 A. No legend or controlled drug shall be prescribed, dispensed, or administered without the establishment of a veterinary-client-patient relationship. COMPOUNDING VETERINARIAN PRODUCTS The Board of Pharmacy has provided clarification concerning the compounding of veterinarian products. Please click here to view the Board of Pharmacy’s Regulation concerning this topic.
Paint Palette Pillow Cover Wake up feeling inspired with our painterly pillow covers, splashed with positive sentiments in a colorful palette and sprinkled with sequins. - Made of 100% cotton canvas. - Features an envelope closure; insert sold separately. - Detailed with sequins. Mix + match our bedding to create your own unique look with our Design Your Own Bed Tool. - Dimensions + Care - Dream Big: 16" square - There Is Beauty in Everything: 16" wide x 12" high - Spot clean with a damp, white cloth. - Shipping Info Please allow approximately 5-7 business days for delivery. Delivery estimate includes monogrammed and gift-wrapped items. - Final Sale Final-sale items, identified by a price ending in $0.99, cannot be returned. Once placed, your order for any final sale items cannot be canceled.
Las Vegas Heat FC Players, parents & coaches, welcome to soccerloco! We're excited to have you as part of our team and look forward to working with you this season. This page has been created as a resource for your club members and has information about placing an order, product availability and club days, as well as contact information for your account manager if you have additional questions. Placing a Team Order All team uniform and fan gear product can be ordered from inside our Team Room. The Team Room is a password protected area of our site that you can access by creating an account and entering your club specific code. Your club specific code should be available from your team manager, otherwise our customer service team can provide it to you. For detailed instructions on how to use the Team Room and place your team order, please click here. Club days are special times when families of our member clubs can shop soccerloco stores and soccerloco.com with an additional discount. Club days are a great opportunity to save on footwear, equipment, fan apparel and more. Team uniforms and all required items are already discounted at the club negotiated price, so there is no need to wait on ordering those items as the prices will be the same during club days.
Sometimes, the best place to meet isn't in a meeting room. Check out these alternative meeting spaces. © 2016 Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority 3150 PARADISE ROAD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89109 About LVCVA | Contact Us | Stay Connected |
TITLE II DESCENT AND DISTRIBUTION, WILLS, ESTATES OF DECEASED PERSONS AND ABSENTEES, GUARDIANSHIP, CONSERVATORSHIP AND TRUSTSPrev Next Section 2-902. [When Nonvested Property Interest or Power of Attorney Appointment Created.] (a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c) and in section 2-905(a), the time of creation of a nonvested property interest or a power of appointment is determined under general principles of property law. (b) For purposes of this part, if there is a person who alone can exercise a power created by a governing instrument to become the unqualified beneficial owner of (i) a nonvested property interest or (ii) a property interest subject to a power of appointment described in section 2-901(b) or (c), the nonvested property interest or power of appointment is created when the power to become the unqualified beneficial owner terminates. (c) For purposes of this part, a nonvested property interest or a power of appointment arising from a transfer of property to a previously funded trust or other existing property arrangement is created when the nonvested property interest or power of appointment in the original contribution was created.
Yep, I finally made the 30 pounds I wanted to gain after returning from the severe weight loss I suffered in England. Just Kidding. After last night’s 12 oz of prime rib, I may be pushing the pre-England weight (which I have never actually reclaimed). Really though, yesterday was supposedly a momentous occasion. I lived to the ripe age of thirty. So what do I have to account for my birthday? Approximately at 10:08 AM CST I passed the 30 year mark in age. I passed it at school preparing for legal profession. I spent 11 hours at school, my wife picked me up, we went to dinner at a steakhouse, and I ate so much I had to come home and go pretty much straight to bed. Does that sound old or what? I guess if we count the dozens of Facebook messages and comments, in-person birthday wishes, phone calls, and e-mails I guess it was a pretty good day. Thanks to Facebook, more people knew about the birthday than I would ever have imagined. Who would have thought Facebook would have changed our lives so much in a few short years of our existence? Really though, I am very appreciative of everyone’s sympathetic mourning. In all honesty, I really don’t feel any older than the day I returned from British soil in December 2000. The only thing physically I may have to mark any passage of time would be the deterioration of my eyes, which I attribute more to law school than I do to age. Age to a guy doesn’t really seem to matter. Unlike women who round it up to the nearest quarter century. (Kinda like guys losing weight in the mirror where women gain it). We wear the same clothes were wore ten years ago and think it really is ten years ago, and that we look it. It really was just another day for me with an excuse to go out to eat something beyond what we really should have paid for. Moving beyond the birthday, I have a couple of observations to make. Just some musing and thoughts I can provide, even if not from wisdom. This deals with more of quirky Oklahoma. I had to learn some more of the lingo recently and thought I would share. In church a few weeks back, I was asked to help sweep after classes was done. I agreed and was assigned to sweep each of the classrooms. Dutifully, I went to the janitor’s office and got a broom and dustpan thingy. Each of the classrooms though had carpet! After trying to sweep up the little chunks in the classrooms I finally just went and got a vacuum and then vacuumed each of the classrooms. I made a mental note that I needed to inform the Elders Quorum President that the classrooms have carpet and not floors for sweeping. A week or two later we are serving in the temple and find ourselves on the cleaning crew after the last endowment. As I go to the janitor’s office, the lady tells me to sweep the endowment rooms. I then walk towards the broom with a nagging knowledge that the endowment rooms have carpet. I thought, “Wow, these Oklahoman’s sure do things the hard way.” As I went to leave she asked me what I was doing. I said, “I am going to sweep the endowment rooms.” She then pointed at the vacuums and said, “Why don’t you take a sweeper, it will be a whole lot easier.” Suddenly, a light dawned in my aged mind and I said something like, “you mean you call vacuuming ‘sweeping’?” She nodded with a puzzled look and told me to go sweep. As I was sweeping the carpets with the sweeper, I wondered what they called the motion of using a broom on floors. Brooming? Scooting? Brushing? Scratching? I still don’t know. I was afraid of looking like an idiot to ask anyone. I will probably find out soon enough. “Brother Ross, will you go scoot the floors in the far hall for us?” I will be walking to the janitors office looking for something to do some scooting. Our sprinkler system continues to go in between the rain clouds. For the most part, much of the pipe is in place and most of the heads are on. In fact, most of the trenches are even filled in. But the rain keeps coming nearly every weekend and the poor sprinkler system people cannot seem to get it finished. Need rain? Put in a sprinkler system. Kinda like washing the car. Do it, and the rains come. I have continued to remove the concrete pad in the backyard. It has turned out to be a multiple month workout! Who would have thought a little 8′ X 12′ concrete pad would take 3 months to remove only half? As lazy as that makes me sound, let me add some flesh to this ‘pad’. It turns out that this little pad in the backyard has concrete 9 inches thick in places! Thank goodness the individuals didn’t have access to rebar, but they were kind enough to put a layer or two of fence in the concrete near the bottom. I purchased a 20 pound sledge hammer thinking I could have the thing done in a week. This long later, and I am only half done. I had to buy a spike to break the stuff apart. I had to pull out my little sledges to drive the spike. I had to dig around the perimeter of the pad so as I cracked it, it had somewhere to go. Once I get a crack, I have to take the spike to it and then hope the fence inside will break. As it slowly severs away, I have to bend it back and forth until the fence wire finally breaks. Then I heave the block to the side and start again. This process is painfully slow, exhausting, and in our humidity, draining. What really justifies my taking so long deals also with the garbage man. With these massive blocks of concrete, I have considerable weight problems. The garbage truck will not pick up a garbage can that weights more than roughly 100-125 pounds. So I can put about 2 cubit yards of concrete in the bottom and I am really pushing the limit. Any extra garbage on the top just might throw me over. There is more though. The garbage truck is like a stinky old man with a hernia though. If the garbage can is overweight, the driver has to rev up the truck to get the hydralics where they need to be. Doing this speeds up something inside the truck and the 3 minutes the truck sits on the side of the road trying to pick it up, or get it all the way upside down leaves a huge puddle of garbage ooze compressed from within the truck. It stinks, looks disgusting, and we pray for more rain. I have two garbage cans, but in the past month, two of them have been left for me to reallocate half the load to the other garbage can. Meaning, I lost two weeks in the last month alone where I could not send more concrete to the garbage cemetery. So my little pile beside the pad has continued to grow, week by week. I had another can rejected last Tuesday, so again this Tuesday, I cannot add more to the garbage going out. The sprinkler man decided not to use one of his trenches, so I must confess, it is filling up with concrete chunks. Anything smaller than about 4 cubit inches usually ends up in the trench now. When it is within about 3 or 4 inches of the top of the trench, then I fill it in. The extra dirt will be used to fill the gaping hole where my concrete pad was located. I am going to have to get a load of dirt in to fill this hole I am creating. Geez, if it isn’t one thing or another! Amanda warned me that it was not necessary the concrete pad be removed. Now I wish I had listened.
Because of a threat to national security, Google has removed imagery of US military bases from Street View, according to InformationWeek. The Pentagon said that Google (NSDQ: GOOG)'s Street Views is a threat to national security and made Google pull images taken on streets near U.S. military bases. Google complied with the governmental order, even though the images were taken from public streets. Was the government too hard on Google? As one forum member puts it, if it was taken from a public street, why should it be removed? If the government finds that there are security concerns, they should have added a gate or wall to prevent people from seeing it. Why would the government let the big Googlemapsmobile even take photographs around the place if this was a concern to begin with?
MP3 music download Beemp3s is dedicated to catalog and manage audio that has been officially published online. We have access to free music downloads and greater than a hundred thousand free mp3 downloads all over the internet which makes us one of the greatest audio search engine on the web. Before you obtain it you're able to legally listen to any mp3 record and your mp3 can be posted by you for-free on your own page/profile. Download free mp3, enjoy audio melodies without registration! Do not forget to save this site as your bookmark, so you can quickly download your favorite mp3 tracks! - Beemp3s recommends you new hits every week and lists the greatest tracks from popular to indie, hiphop, across all styles etc. - Tracks can be searched by Beemp3s in labels of name, performer, and record. You may also search the guitar, piano, live features of one's favorite songs. Use search form on this page to search mp3 for Free Download. Enjoy Here!
Japan is home to hundreds of animal cafes where guests are able to hang out with cats, rabbits, and even owls as they sip lattes and cups of herbal tea. These establishments give their patrons, often people who live in rented accommodation in urban areas, a chance to interact with animals that they would not be able to keep at home due to a lack of space or strict “no pets” clauses in tenancy agreements. In Korea, however, one particular cafe has upscaled the experience with something much bigger and fluffier than the common bunny, cat or pup. Check out this unique cafe which houses a pair of beautiful, friendly sheep! Located in the Hongdae district of Seoul, Korea, Thanks Nature Cafe is a quaint little cafe that has been attracting crowds with its unusual dwellers, a pair of white woolly sheep. The joint has been operating since 2011, but has been exceptionally busy since the beginning of this year simply because it’s the Year of the Sheep. ▼ The interior is stylish and cosy with lots of hints of nature, and scattered with sheep paintings and ornaments. ▼ Doesn’t look too different from a regular cafe, but… ▼ Tucked away in the outdoor seating section of the cafe is a little wooden pen that houses two adorable sheep! These are real sheep! And they’re not just for show. Visitors are allowed to interact with the animals and may even feed them some hay. The owner of the cafe, Mr. Kwang Ho Lee, personally cares for the sheep, diligently keeping their little house clean, and even taking them out for walks to ensure that they are active and healthy. ▼ The sheep freely roam about the premises of the cafe when it isn’t too crowded. ▼ The owner and his woolly pals. ▼ Check out these visitor reports! Sadly, unlike cat or rabbit cafes where their furry hosts hang around all year round, the sheep at Thanks Nature Cafe only join patrons for drinks during the cooler months of the year. Due to their thick coats and size, Mr. Lee sends them back to the sheep ranch when it gets too hot, and invites a new pair of woolies to his cafe when the weather turns cold again. However, even without their special stars, the cafe operates normally and attracts a healthy flow of customers with their menu of delectable waffles and beverages! If you’re interested in spending some time with the sheep, be sure to check their Facebook page before heading down to avoid disappointment! Thanks Nature Cafe Address: 마포구 서교동 486 서교푸르지오상가 B121, Seoul, Korea 121-842 Seogyo Prugio Shopping Center B121, 486 Seogyo-dong, Mapo-gu, Seoul, Korea 121-842 Opening Hours: 11:00 – 22:00 daily Access: 6-minute walk from Hongik University Station (Line 2) Exit 9 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/TNcafe Source/Images: Thanks Nature Cafe (Facebook)
(Second in a four-part series) When Elizabeth Warren, Teresa A. Sullivan, and Jay Westbrook, co-authors of the 1989 book As We Forgive Our Debtors: Bankruptcy and Consumer Credit in America, were charged by Rutgers Law School Professor Philip Shuchman with scientific misconduct in 1990, they quickly asked for an investigation to clear their names. Sullivan, who resigned earlier this month as President of the University of Virginia, “immediately asked [her] employer, The University of Texas, to investigate the charge,” as she told me in a letter I received by email from her on June 5, 2012. By 1990, all three co-authors–Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook–were well established fixtures in University of Texas academic and social circles. Sullivan was the Chairman of the Sociology Department at the University of Texas, and would soon become the Dean of Graduate Studies. Westbrook was a long-tenured member of the faculty at the University of Texas Law School. Warren, who taught at the University of Texas Law School from 1981 to 1987, had by this time moved on to the University of Pennsylvania Law School, a top ten school with great prestige. Warren’s former colleagues at the University of Texas took pride in her emergence as a rising legal star of the left, a reputation she carefully cultivated. According to some who have followed her career, she was considered a master practitioner of hard-nosed academic political tactics, and her critics in the genteel world of higher education were increasingly wary of her. It was in that environment that current President of the University of California system Mark Yudof (then Dean of the University of Texas Law School) and current University of Texas Dean of Graduate Studies, ad interim Judith Langlois, wrote the April 1991 report for the investigation that Sullivan requested. It was titled University of Texas Preliminary Inquiry Report: Scientific Misconduct Against Teresa A. Sullivan, Elizabeth Warren, and Jay Westbrook. You can read the full report, provided to Breitbart News by Teresa A. Sullivan here. The document, though riddled with errors, was accepted by University of Texas President William Cunningham on April 22, 1991, as conclusive evidence exonerating Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook from charges of scientific misconduct. Mark Yudof, co-author of the 1991 University of Texas Preliminary Inquiry Report: Scientific Misconduct Against Teresa A. Sullivan, Elizabeth Warren, and Jay Westbrook, is now the President of the University of California system The lack of serious scrutiny of Ms. Warren’s academic research has continued for the subsequent two decades. Questions about Ms. Warren’s empirical studies have not been fully explored, and specific policies she has promoted–in particular those that led in 2010 to the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act and its onerous Consumer Financial Protection Bureau–have been imposed upon the public. Breitbart News is not alleging that Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook engaged in scientific misconduct. We are, however, presenting evidence that suggests the 1991 investigation conducted by the University of Texas into the allegations brought by Philip Shuchman in his scathing sixty page review of the book Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook co-authored in 1989 was neither thorough nor exculpatory. In that review, Shuchman charged: This book contains so much exaggeration, so many questionable ploys, and so many incorrect statements that it would be well to check the accuracy of their raw data, as old as it is. But the authors arranged matters so that they could not provide access to the computer printouts by case, with the corresponding bankruptcy court file numbers, this preventing any independent check of the raw data in the files from which they took their information. The 1991 University of Texas Preliminary Inquiry Report fails to answer Shuchman’s charge that “the authors arranged matters…preventing any independent check of the raw data.” Though Shuchman implies this “arrangement” may have been deliberate, he has no specific basis for the suggestion, other than the suspicious nature of the facts. The effect of the decision by the co-authors was clear, however. It became virtually impossible for other scholars to check their data. In addition, the 1991 University of Texas Preliminary Inquiry Report fails because there are at least five specific factual errors contained in this brief three page report that purportedly “exonerates” Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook. The National Science Foundation (NSF) plays a role in this investigation because it funded the research upon which Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook’s 1989 book was based with a grant in the amount of $109,999 to principal investigator Teresa A. Sullivan, and co-principal investigators Jay Westbrook and Elizabeth Warren for a study of “Consumer Choices in Bankruptcy: Statutory Intentions and Statutory Consequences.” The data in this study formed the basis for the 1989 book. Research began around September 1, 1983 and continued for about three years thereafter. The University of Texas at Austin was listed as the sponsor of the grant. Factual Error 1: “NSF has subsequently dismissed Shuchman’s complaint (see letter of March 6 from NSF Office of Inspector General) The Facts: The March 6, 1991 letter from NSF investigator Montgomery Fisher to Teresa A. Sullivan did not constitute dismissal of Shuchman’s complaint of scientific misconduct by the NSF. March 6, 1991 letter from Montgomery Fisher at NSF to Teresa A. Sullivan Instead, it focused narrowly on Shuchman’s request for “access to the original data” used in the study. NSF investigator Montgomery K. Fisher simply confirmed in this letter that he had communicated to Professor Shuchman that Elizabeth Warren and her co-authors were willing to provide a list of the cases they sampled: “Prof. Sullivan also says that the names and court file numbers are not, and have never been, part of the file. (There was apparently some misunderstanding regarding the applicability of HHS’s Human Subjects regulation; as you observed in note 249 of your article, this project was probably exempt from the regulation.) They are willing, however, to provide you a complete list of the cases they sampled, should you desire to verify each datum. In these circumstances, I believe Profs. Sullivan, Westbrook, and Warren have demonstrated sufficient willingness to comply with NSF’s policy in favor of openness of scientific communication.” [emphasis added] It was not clear, however, why the authors had not simply documented and archived their data so that others might replicate their results. Factual Error 2: “Many of the bankruptcy cases were more than ten years old.” The Facts: The data set was from 1981, which was exactly ten years prior to the 1991 University of Texas Preliminary Investigation Report. None of the data set was “more than ten years old.” The cases were not “resolved” in some instances until several years after 1981. Factual Error 3: “We conclude, along with NSF, that Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook did not violate any policy of scientific openness, nor did they engage in scientific misconduct.” The Facts: At the time the April 1991 University of Texas Preliminary Inquiry Report was written, NSF had come to no conclusions on either the matter of scientific openness or the matter of scientific misconduct. NSF did not come to any conclusions regarding the Shuchman allegations until three months later when a sole investigator wrote a closeout memo on July 2, 1991. The closeout memo, like the March 6, 1991 letter before it, did not address allegations of scientific misconduct. Instead, it focused on the narrow question of data sharing and scientific openness. Curiously, in circumstances that will be examined in more detail later in this series, the author of the memo notes that in his personal judgment Shuchman’s allegations did not meet the NSF definition of misconduct: My examination of [redacted, most likely ‘Shuchman’s’] review (which was published at [redacted] (1990)) and letters made it clear that the allegations regarding the substance in the book do not meet the NSF definition of misconduct. (As subsequent articles in this series will show, it was NSF policy at the time to undertake investigations of allegations of scientific misconduct on the basis of an investigation conducted by a team of experts rather than an examination conducted by an individual investigator.) Factual Error 4: “To have provided Shuchman with identifying information would have violated the investigators agreement with our IRB [Institutional Review Board] and with their granting agency, NSF.” The Facts: To the contrary, the NSF closeout memorandum dated July 2, 1991 stated clearly “[i]n her letters [redacted, but probably ‘Teresa A. Sullivan’] had given the impression that the identifiers for the data base against the [redacted] file it had been coded from, existed but that she could not provide the database to [redacted, but probably ‘Philip Shuchman’] with those identifiers included because of HHS’s Human Subjects Regulation (45 CFR part 46).” The NSF called Sullivan’s argument on this matter “bogus, because (A) on the cover sheet of the proposal the [Principal Investigators–Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook] had stated the proposal was exempt from the HSR under 45 CFR section 46.101 (b) (3) and (B) it was in fact exempt under 45 CFR section 46.101 (b )(5).” (Emphasis added.) Sullivan’s failure to disclose this significant change in the methodology to the funding agency, NSF, was problematic at best, and may possibly have been a violation of the original terms of the grant. Indeed, the NSF closeout memo is quite critical of the authors’ approach to verification of the data used in the study: When I talked to [redacted but most likely ‘Teresa A. Sullivan’] however, she said that the identifiers were excluded from the database from the start, because of the interpretation of the HSR by [redacted but most likely ‘The University of Texas’] Institutional Review Board. Thus, they were not refusing to provide the database with the identifiers: they couldn’t because the identifiers weren’t put in to begin with…It is unfortunate that their IRB erroneously compelled them to omit useful information from the database, rendering verification of their data exceedingly difficult.”[emphasis added] One scholar who reviewed this excerpt from the NSF closeout memo, and who spoke exclusively to Breitbart News, noted the impact Institutional Review Boards can have on academic research, suggesting that they have significant power to protect information on human subjects–even when dealing with public records. Factual Error 5: “[T]hey [the authors] had an agreement with IRB (and therefore, the National Science Foundation) to treat the information as confidential.” The Facts: Sullivan, Westbrook, and Warren may have had an agreement with the IRB (the University of Texas Institutional Review Board), but the funding agency–NSF–was not party to that agreement. NSF did not learn of it until after Shuchman’s complaint was filed and the NSF inquiry was initiated. Besides these five factual errors made in the report, this 1991 University of Texas “investigation” was also flawed for the critical and obvious question it failed to ask: Did Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook intentionally misinterpret HPP federal regulations on “protection of human subjects” in order to persuade the Institutional Review Board of the University of Texas to impose what they knew to be uncalled-for constraints on the use of primary data for the purpose of making the data set unverifiable by other researchers? A more thorough report would have interviewed the members of the University of Texas Institutional Review Board and questioned them as to why no one had apparently bothered to reconcile the University of Texas’s regulations with the conditions of the NSF grant. Here’s how Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook described their methodology, which sampled data from 1981 bankruptcy filings from the 15 federal district courts in the three states of Pennsylvania, Texas, and Illinois in their 1989 book: “Because existing data were inadequate, we had to collect data on the characteristics of bankrupt debtors, their assets, their liabilities, their jobs, their marital status, whether they were homeowners, and so forth. This decision meant we would have to gather an enormous amount of information. We coded over 200 variables for each of 1,529 debtors, generating over 300,000 pieces of information.” (page 342) Sullivan, Warren, and Westbrook went on to describe their crucial decision–a decision that was unknown to the funding organization, NSF, until after it began to investigate Professor Shuchman’s allegations of scientific misconduct: “[A]ll the data were coded by someone with at least a basic understanding of bankruptcy law and procedure. Every coder–indeed every person associated with the project–signed an agreement promising to hold confidential any information acquired about any individual. Although the files we used are public documents, the petitioners, lawyers, and judges had become, for the social scientist, human subjects, and we used normal safeguards for the protection of human subjects. These safeguards included the use of identifying numbers rather than names on all the data tapes prepared, and careful storage, under lock, of any data with identifying information. The names of all debtors and some creditors in this book are pseudonyms.” (page 350) Despite an invitation to Warren and her co-authors from officials at Rutgers University and the editors of the Rutgers Law Review to defend themselves publicly against charges of scientific misconduct Shuchman made in his 1990 Rutgers Law Review article, neither Warren nor co-authors Teresa A. Sullivan and Jay Westbrook have ever publicly defended themselves against Shuchman’s charges in an academic journal. They did, however, as subsequent articles in this series will demonstrate, use the cover provided by the University of Texas whitewash report to encourage the unsuccessful attempts by the University of Texas and the University of Pennsylvania to put pressure on Rutgers University to force Professor Shuchman to recant. June 23, 1992 letter from Rutgers Provost Samuels to Texas Provost Monti Both Teresa A. Sullivan and Jay Westbrook continue to defend their 1989 work vigorously, while Ms. Warren has failed to respond publicly in any way on this matter. In a recent email to me, Professor Westbrook stated: Concerning the Shuchman article. The allegation of scientific misconduct was false and was found to be false in two independent investigations supported in substance by two universities and the National Science Foundation. The specific claims made by Professor Shuchman about the validity of our data conclusions were obviously wrong, but were part of the usual academic debates about emerging research. Any suggestion the claims were more than typical academic disagreements would be factually false. The many positive reviews of our book in leading legal and scientific publications speak for themselves as does the fact that our work is generally regarded as part of the bedrock of contemporary study of consumer bankruptcy in America. Professor Westbrook’s claim that “the many positive reviews of our book in leading legal and scientific publications speak for themselves” doesn’t tell the entire story of the book’s reception by academic peers. It is worth noting that most of these positive reviews were written by academics with little or no expertise in bankruptcy law. One positive review in Science Magazine was only a page and a half long. The author, Ramona Heck, specializes in home based employment and the family. Another favorable review, mentioned specifically in Teresa A. Sullivan’s letter to me received by email on June 5, 2012, was written by Dr. David Caplovitz, who was described in his 1992 New York Times obituary as a “a sociologist and an authority on American spending habits and misleading sales practices.” All three nationally recognized experts on bankruptcy who reviewed the book–Shuchman of Rutgers Law School, Marjorie Girth of SUNY Buffalo Law School, and economist Michelle White of the University of Michigan–gave it negative reviews. In the final two articles in this series, we will explore the unanswered questions posed by those reviews, as well as the institutional failings of the National Science Foundation and Harvard University and the roles they played in this unfolding scandal. Michael Patrick Leahy is a Breitbart News contributor, Editor of Broadside Books’ Voices of the Tea Party e-book series, and author of Covenant of Liberty: The Ideological Origins of the Tea Party Movement.
Stripey love knit tunic - 09/2011 Striped Top #108 Added Mar 9, 2012 The perfect toss on and go knit top sewn using the 09/2011 Striped top #108A pattern. I wasn’t sure if I’d like the high neckline but it works great with a scarf. I didn’t bind the neckline – I attached clear elastic to the wrong side of the neckline using my serger, then folded the neckline edge to the wrong side and stitched in place. The only other change I made was shorten the sleeves to a 3/4 length, which I prefer over a long sleeve. Blogged about it here Gold and black striped jersey knit, thread, clear elastic, serger
The Communications Decency Act of 1996 (CDA) was enacted to regulate online speech, and in particular, to protect minors from “patently offensive,” “obscene,” and “indecent” content on the Internet. In the 1997 case Reno v. ACLU, however, the Supreme Court struck down many of the CDA’s content-related proscriptions, concluding that they violated the First Amendment by “suppress[ing] a large amount of speech that adults have a constitutional right to receive and to address to one another.” Among the CDA provisions spared by the Court’s ruling was Section 230, a provision designed to “promote the continued development of the Internet” and “to preserve the vibrant and competitive free market… for the Internet and other interactive computer services, unfettered by Federal or State regulation.” To these ends, Section 230 provides, among other things, that “no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.” Section 230 also contains a broad preemption clause, providing, with certain exceptions discussed below, that “no liability may be imposed under any State or local law that is inconsistent with this section.” The direct beneficiaries of Section 230 have been “interactive computer services”—a term encompassing a wide variety of companies that aggregate, arrange and host user-created content online, including blog- and photo-hosting sites, news sites, social networks, classifieds, auction sites and consumer ratings services. In these contexts, Section 230 has frequently provided complete immunity in litigation arising from third-party content. Accordingly, companies operating in this space should be aware of Section 230’s basic contours and key limitations. Since its enactment, courts have construed Section 230 broadly to create a federal immunity to any cause of action that would make websites and online service providers liable for content originating with third-party users. This immunity has foreclosed liability in a wide variety of cases, including in the following: - In a 1997 decision in Zeran v. America Online, the 4th Circuit held that Section 230 provided America Online with a complete defense, on a motion for judgment on the pleadings, to liability for allegedly defamatory content posted by third parties on its online bulletin boards. - In Gentry v. eBay, the California Court of Appeal held in 2002 that Section 230 insulated eBay at the demurrer stage from negligence and unfair competition claims arising from a third party’s sale of forged autographs. - The 9th Circuit held in its 2003 decision in Carafano v. Metrosplash.com that Section 230 applied at summary judgment to absolve an online dating service of liability for defamation, negligence, and privacy torts arising from a false profile created in the name of an actress. - In a 2009 decision in Nemet Chevrolet v. Consumeraffairs.com, the 4th Circuit held that Section 230 applied on a motion to dismiss, immunizing Consumeraffairs.com against defamation and tortious interference claims based on third-party consumer reviews. These cases underscore the breadth of Section 230 immunity, but there are limits. Perhaps most critically, Section 230 immunity does not apply if a defendant was (or, at the motion to dismiss stage, is adequately alleged to be) “responsible, in whole or in part, for the creation or development” of the content. As an example, in a 2006 case, Anthony v. Yahoo! Inc., the Northern District of California applied this limitation, on a motion to dismiss, to foreclose immunity for Yahoo against allegations that it emailed to the plaintiff the profiles of former subscribers to induce him to renew his subscription. Because the plaintiff had challenged Yahoo’s “manner of presenting the profiles” rather than “the underlying profiles themselves,” the court concluded that Section 230 did not apply. Similarly, in 2008, the 9th Circuit withheld Section 230 immunity when Roommates.com required users to express their preferences regarding potential roommates’ gender, sexual orientation and family status with a drop-down menu, allegedly in violation of the Fair Housing Act. The court ruled that, “by requiring subscribers to provide the [unlawful preference] as a condition of accessing its service, and by providing a limited set of pre-populated answers, [Roommates.com] becomes much more than a passive transmitter of information provided by others; it becomes the developer, at least in part, of that information.” Notwithstanding cases such as Roommates.com, defendants do not sacrifice their Section 230 immunity by performing so-called traditional editorial functions. As a New Jersey state court explained in 2005, “deleting profanity, selectively deleting or allowing to remain certain postings, and commenting favorably or unfavorably on some postings, without changing the substance of the message authored by another, does not constitute ‘development’ within the meaning of § 230(f)(3).” But because the line between immune editorial activity and non-immune content “creation or development” may not always be obvious, online companies should tread carefully. Finally, there are certain areas of law into which Section 230 cannot reach. By its own terms, Section 230 does not limit certain federal criminal statutes, “any law pertaining to intellectual property,” or the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. Construing the “intellectual property” exception, in 2001, the Southern District of New York refused to grant immunity to a web host, Mindspring Enterprises, against federal and state trademark infringement claims arising from third-party content on one of the websites it hosted. On the other hand, the 9th Circuit, in Perfect 10, Inc. v. CCBill LLC, concluded that the “intellectual property” exception encompasses only “federal intellectual property,” meaning Section 230 may be available, in some jurisdictions, as a defense to claims under state intellectual property law. Online companies should be aware of these statutory exceptions, as well as other potential gaps in Section 230’s protections. In summary, although Section 230’s broad immunity is not unlimited, the statute has given online companies the freedom to innovate and to facilitate speech online—without the specter of facing liability for content created by third parties. These protections have also earned Section 230 an important place in the litigation practitioner’s toolkit.
Browse by Medical Category Tuesday, December 3, 2013 Walter Guralnick, DMD, a retired former Chief of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery (OMFS) at Massachusetts General Hospital, was recently honored for his contribution to the Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Department at the Medical College in Chengdu, China. In 1979, Dr. Guralnick and his wife Betty made their first trip to China, which had recently opened up after President Nixon’s visit. Later that year, Dr. Guralnick and Betty returned to travel with a team of doctors around China teaching and giving lectures about topics in dentistry, e.g., temporomandibular joint and orthognathic surgery and caries prevention with fluoridation. While Dr. Guralnick lectured to and operated with Chinese surgical colleagues on a host of congenital and acquired jaw and facial deformities, Betty, a trained Social Worker, instructed students and staff in patient assessment and life in the United States. Dr. Guralnick also helped his colleagues and the Chinese government to start a very successful dental health program in China. When the Chengdu Dean of Dental Surgery and his colleagues travelled to Boston in early 2013, they presented Dr. Guralnick with a medal at a banquet ceremony and displayed photographs of their newly completed museum, a section of which has been devoted to Dr Guralnick for his many years of service to their institution. Read Dr. Guralnick’s own account of his work in China here. Photo Caption: From left to right: Dr. Guralnick, his wife, Betty, and Dr. Wang Dazhang, who spent two years at the Massachusetts General Hospital from 1983 to 1984. Back to Top
She woke up happy every day and was blessed to live on Martha’s Vineyard. She enjoyed her family life with her husband and friends and especially loved the Beatles. She attended their last concert in 1966 in San Francisco with her lifelong high school best friend Rita Franchi of San Francisco. Kathy was a graduate of the University of California Berkeley with a major in English. She taught 2nd grade for 25 years in the Los Altos and Cupertino districts of the California school system. Kathy and her husband bought their first Vineyard home in 1986. After summering for eight years Kathy and Larry purchased the Greenwood House bed and breakfast in 1994 from the Buder family. She enjoyed inn keeping and meeting guests who eventually became lifelong friends. Her vacations were spent in Israel, South Africa, Western Europe, and Budapest, Hungary. She spent many years running road races with 10 marathons under her belt and a PR of 3:30. She was able to run 10Ks at a 7-minute-per-mile pace, a great achievement. Upon moving to the Vineyard, Kathy became the children’s librarian in Vineyard Haven for 10 years where she started many of the current children’s programs. She also worked with VNA as a part-time home health aide for 5 years. Kathy was born in Kiskunhalas, Hungary, and immigrated, at the age of 9, to the U.S. shortly after the 1956 Hungarian revolution with her parents, Imre and Helen Szanto, and brothers Ervin and Andras. They crossed the border into the then country of Yugoslavia. There they waited for one year for their visas to enter the United States via New York and San Francisco, settling in San Leandro, California, and finally in Union City, California. She is survived by her husband of 34 years, Larry Gomez, her 97-year-old mother Helen, brothers Ervin and Andras; nephews John Szanto and Tom Szanto, Andras Szanto Jr., Christopher Szanto, step-children Bob Gomez and Laurie Watson and eight grand-nephews, nieces and two grandchildren, all living in California. Her funeral service will be private and donations may be made in her memory to MV Cancer Support Group, PO Box 2214 or Hospice of Martha’s Vineyard, PO Box 1748, both in Vineyard Haven, MA 02568. Arrangements are under the care of the Chapman, Cole and Gleason Funeral Home, Edgartown Road, Oak Bluffs. Visit ccgfuneralhome.com for online guest book and information.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) -- Cristiano Ronaldo netted two goals and set up another to power Real Madrid's blistering attack to a 5-0 demolition of Valencia in the Spanish league on Sunday, while Atletico Madrid chipped into Barcelona's lead by maintaining its perfect record at home. Madrid decided the match by halftime with doubles by Ronaldo and Angel Di Maria after Gonzalo Higuain had opened the scoring. Atletico, meanwhile, eased to a 2-0 win over Levante despite losing striker Radamel Falcao to injury for its 11th win in 11 home games this season, breathing an inkling of life into the title chase. Atletico took advantage of Barcelona's first league defeat of the season the day before to reduce the gap to the pacesetters to eight points. Madrid's best performance, and arguably the best first half played by any team in Spain this season, of its otherwise trouble-filled league campaign left Jose Mourinho's team in third place 15 points adrift of Barcelona. Madrid finally resembled the side that strolled through the league last season en route to the championship with a record haul of points (100) and goals (121). "We made the game easy by pressuring them hard from the start,'' said Di Maria, whose season had been subdued until Sunday's match. "We played a great game. On a personal level, I played well and shut a few mouths.'' Madrid had already beaten Valencia 2-0 just five days before in the first leg of their Copa del Rey quarterfinal. The two teams will meet for a third time in nine days on Wednesday in the return leg. Valencia's collapse was complete. Its attack was toothless, its midfield sloppy with the ball, and its defense uncoordinated and repeatedly undone with the simplest of through passes into wide open spaces behind its back line. Madrid, however, was brutally efficient, quick to recover the ball and clinical in its finishing whether on the break or elaborating an attack against a set defense. "They were completely superior to us,'' said Ernesto Valverde, who had guided Valencia to four wins in five league games since taking over as coach. "Madrid has an extraordinary counterattack. Each counterattack was a clear chance for them. After the 1-0 we still weren't done, but when the 2-0 and 3-0 came so quickly we just fell apart.'' Higuain got Madrid rolling in the ninth minute by making up for an earlier miss when he trailed Di Maria and fired his back pass beyond goalkeeper Diego Alves. After Sami Khedira had squandered a pair of clear looks on goal, Ronaldo doubled the visitors' advantage in the 35th by running onto a long pass, cutting back- first to his right, then to his left- to give Di Maria time to arrive on the far side before crossing for the winger to tap home. Just seconds after the restart Valencia was again retrieving the ball from its net after Madrid robbed the ball and in two passes left Ronaldo sprinting free to stab the ball between Diego Alves and his near post to make it 3-0. The flurry of goals left Valencia and the fans at Mestalla stadium shell-shocked. And Madrid just kept pouring it on. Ronaldo whipped in a vicious volley in the 41st after Mesut Oezil had deftly knocked down Di Maria's lobbed pass. And just before the halftime whistle Di Maria was inexplicably left unmarked on the break to take a pass from Oezil and casually slip the ball under the helpless Diego Alves. Ronaldo's brace gave him 18 goals in the league, tied with Falcao. Barcelona's Lionel Messi leads the competition with 29 goals through 20 rounds. Elsewhere, Osasuna beat visiting Deportivo La Coruna 2-1 to move off the bottom of the standings and sink its rival into last place, while forward Oscar Gonzalez scored one goal and set up another to steer mid-table Valladolid to a 2-0 home win over Real Zaragoza. Earlier at Vicente Calderon stadium, Adrian Lopez broke through for Atletico by capping a team buildup in the 32nd minute. Jorge "Koke'' Resurrecion then put the result beyond doubt in the 61st, four minutes after Falcao walked off clutching the upper part of his left leg. Atletico coach Diego Simeone said Falcao would be sidelined for around three weeks. Simeone's Atletico, whose excellent season has been overshadowed by Barcelona's apparently unstoppable march toward reclaiming the domestic crown, is on a club-record run of 18 consecutive home wins in all competitions. It has also outscored its visitors 17-0 in its last six league matches. "Numbers are important, but we can't pause to admire them,'' Simeone said. "The most important thing is to keep going forward game by game until we see how far we can go.'' On Saturday, Barcelona fell 3-2 at Real Sociedad. Also, it was: Malaga 1, Celta Vigo 1; Getafe 1, Sevilla 1; and Granada 2, Rayo Vallecano 0. Espanyol edged out Mallorca 3-2 on Friday. Real Betis hosts Athletic Bilbao on Monday.
At some time in ancient Chinese history a powerful nation—the Qidan in what is now Inner Mongolia—simply disappeared. Where did these people go? A question that has perplexed scholars for generations may now be solved thanks to DNA. Researchers from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS) and Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (CAMS) and others from Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region have concluded that the modern-day Daur people have a genetic match to the Qidan of ancient China, making them possible descendants of the Qidan people. One of 56 ethnic groups in China with a population of some 121,500, the Daur today mainly live in Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang and Xinjiang where they traditionally have engaged in agriculture and hunting, but now also maintain their own industries. Liu Fengzhu, a researcher with the Nationalities Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences which first began using DNA technology in its research in 1995, in a recent telephone interview talked about the discovery. The research team first identified Qidan tombs from inscriptions on memorial tablets. From the Yelu Yu family tombs, they extracted DNA from the skull and teeth as well as carpal bone from Qidan woman corpse. At the same time, blood samples of Daur, Ewenki, Mongol and Han people in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region were collected. From the blood samples, the researchers extracted DNA. After sequence testing, they concluded that people of Daur ethnic group are all descendants of Qidan nationality. Researchers also found possible links to the Qidan in other regions. They collected blood samples of the people with surnames of A, Mang and Jiang and other ethnic groups in Yunnan Province, who previously had claimed themselves descendants of Qidan rather than the ethnic groups such as Blang and Yi with which they were categorized on the founding of the People’s Republic of China more than 50 years ago. "We found that the people in Yunnan Province with surnames of A, Mang and Jiang have similar patrilineal origins with Daur, so we identified them as descendants of Qidan, too," Liu said. The more than 100,000 people with surnames of A, Mang and Jiang who live mainly in Baoshan and Ruili districts of southwest Yunnan were particularly pleased that the DNA test substantiated their earlier claims. Qidan was a nomadic tribe in ancient north China, living on fishing and hunting. They came into power in the last years of the Tang Dynasty (618-907) as people from central uplands who brought with them advanced agricultural and manufacturing technologies. In the year 916, Yeluabaoji, the chief of the Qidan nationality, became the first emperor of the Qidan State. The Qidan created their own written characters and had an official name of "Liao Dynasty (916-1125)," when many ethnic groups banded together. Records about the Qidan nationality suddenly stopped in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), together with its culture, and what happened to them has remained a matter of speculation. Liu Fengzhu believes the Qidan people were scattered through war, which explains the presence of their descendants in different areas of China. Liu said the Qidan, like many other groups, would have faced recruitment as soldiers by the Mongols in the Yuan Dynasty (1279-1368) as they established the Great Mongol Empire which stretched over Europe and Asia. “Some continued to live in a big group, such as Daur, so they are preserved. Some were assimilated by the people where they came live, just like ice in the sea. But those in Yunnan Province managed to keep the memory of the original ethnic group.” Actually, the fate of the Qidan is not so unusual, Liu said. Similar cases can be found among other minority groups. For example, some Uygur people (a major ethnic group of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region) now live in Taoyuan County of Hunan Province. (china.org.cn by Li Jinhui 08/02/2001)
story in the OWH about whether or not Ben Nelson will run for reelection in 2012. First various talkers predicted (as no doubt directed) that Ben will run again. Then again, Tony Raimondo also told us way back when that he would be a lifelong Republican, so take it for what it’s worth. But then note the names Robynn Tysver listed as being interested in a Senate bid, along with Bruning, Flynn and Stenberg: State Auditor Mike Foley and Rep Jeff Fortenberry. Now we are still of the belief that either Foley or Fortenberry may run, but not both. So for one, the fact that either is listed means that there is still some serious consideration going on. However, we and many other had pretty much marked Fort off the list. Well, that is unless Nelson decides not to run in 2012. In which case the floodgates may open, and someone like Fortenberry would be much more likely to run. And again, the fact that the OWH printed that each of those two is interested means that there is some serious consideration by each. Not to mention, who the OWH may back. Then there was Omaha Mayor Jim Suttle on his media kvetching tour -- first there was Channel 6, then KFAB, and now his woe-is-me to the OWH. And who is really taking the brunt of this Recall business? Well, the Mayor says, that would be his nine-year-old grandson. (Of course maybe the Mayor should direct Sonny towards Captain Underpants instead of the blogs.) But here is an idea: Shouldn’t the Mayor resign now, instead of subjecting the boy to all this pain and anguish? (Hey, he invoked his grandson, not us.) And for Roget’s sake Aida, please hand the Mayor another cliché instead of “nose-to-the-grindstone”. He is giving worn-out phrases a bad name. Sounding like a broken-record. You get the picture. And we are still hearing rumblings about the various candidates who may or may not get into the race, should the Mayor fall in January. Of course many of the names are all based on whether or not the GOP Elephant in the room, Hal Daub, gets in or not. If he is out, you will probably need a Rolodex to keep track of all the interested candidates.
Marjorie M. Stucky Marjorie M. Stucky, 94, Berne, died on Monday, Sept. 23, 2013, at Swiss Village Retirement Community. She was born Aug. 11, 1919, to Henry and Mary (Reineck) Dotterer in Bluffton. She married the late Earl M. Stuckey on Oct. 12, 1940, in Monroe. Marjorie graduated from Bluffton High School in 1937. She was a homemaker and assisted her family with operating the Stucky Furniture store in Monroe. She was a member of Apostolic Christian Church. Among survivors are a sister, Caroline Lantz of Bluffton; a son, Steve (Carol) Stucky of Monroe; a daughter in law, Cathy Stucky of Monroe; four grandchildren; and 13 great-grandchildren. She was preceded in death by a son, Rick Stucky; and two brothers, Paul and Joe Dotter. Visitation will be from 2-8 p.m. on Friday at Goodwin Cale and Harnish Memorial Church and one hour prior to service. Funeral services will be at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday at Apostolic Christian Church East with Ministers Ron Kipfer and John Reinhard officiating. Burial will follow at Apostolic Christian Cemetery. Preferred memorials are to Swiss Village Retirement Community of Rick Stucky Memorial Enrichment Fund within the Adams County Community Foundation. Online condolences may be made at thegmcfamily.com/
Well, I doubt it would hurt. Seriously though, my brother had almost the exact same problem and we assumed it was the hdd also but we tried reseating everything and it fixed the problem. You might wanna give that a try. I guess that's not much help but it's all I got. [ July 15, 2001: Message edited by: Boba Rhett ]
By Jacob Stockinger Yesterday I explained that I had not replied to so many kind and generous reader comments because I was recently out of the country on vacation for a two-week visit to family. But I did not say where. That’s no surprise, I suppose, in hindsight. There were beautiful, well-cared-for flowers everywhere, bright colored and beautiful flowers in window boxes (below), in house gardens, in public parks, even in traffic roundabouts. I have seen similar sights in France and even in the city of Marquette, in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. But nothing compared with Germany. The world could use more flowers. Of course, there is a lot of classical music that evokes flowers, especially songs. But I first heard the lovely and melodic Schumann piece during a performance by Vladimir Horowitz, who programmed it often. It reminds of the same composer’s charming “Arabesque,” Novelettes” and “Night Pieces” as well as some sections of his suites made up of the suite “Scenes of Childhood,” “Kreisleriana,” “Fantasy Pieces” and “Carnaval.” Schumann (below, in a photo from 1850) was one of the composers with the greatest gift for evoking nature – the French composer Debussy also excelled – and when you see the flowers of his native land, you understand their influence on him. (You can also find other readings, including one by the great Russian pianist Sviatoslav Richter, on YouTube.) So, here is the great Vladimir Horowitz playing Schumann’s “Blumenstuck” in New Haven in the 1960s, in an interpretation that was a bit more lively and engaging, to my taste, than a later one in the mid-1970s. I hope you enjoy it with the same pleasure that both the music and its original inspiration gave me:
Lawyer.com makes finding Montpelier Lawyers fast and easy. Refine your search for Montpelier lawyers by legal practice area. Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Montpelier attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Iowa will offer free legal consultations and all have Iowa law expertise. The Iowa Labor Commissioner issued Titan Tire Corporation two citations for violations of the Iowa Occupational Safety and Health Act. See Iowa Code ch. 88 (2009). Titan Tire timely contested one of the citations. The company later attempted to challenge the second citation by ... ... to deliver and possession of marijuana. He is a legal immigrant. During a bond review, the court became aware that Immigration Customs and Enforcement had placed a detainer on defendant. In April of 2010, pursuant to an ... ... v. North Dakota, 504 US 298, 112 S.Ct. 1904, 119 L.Ed.2d 91 (1992), was not necessary when a franchisor licensed intellectual property that generated income for the franchisor within the state from operations of independent franchisees. ...
FIND OUT MORE ABOUT Favorite Monitoring Tools Scrutinizer, MRTG, and FlowPro. Scrutinizer is a network monitoring tool that allows users to analyze network traffic using NetFlow and sFlow. Scrutinizer diagnoses traffic congestion by displaying which hosts are using the most bandwidth and what applications they are using. Graph details about your network devices using MRTG and SNMP. Tobi Oetiker's Multi Router Traffic Grapher is written in perl and works on Unix/Linux, as well as Windows and even Netware systems. Whether you need to monitor traffic in remote offices, in an isolated data closet, or in a data center, FlowPro provides the information you need to perform root-cause analysis of both network performance and security events.
Holiday ‘Cheer’ and Depression Don’t Mix Toasting the holidays with a festive cocktail is a tradition for many. A glass of wine or other alcoholic drink can lower inhibitions and help us relax, or temporarily relieve the stress of a difficult event. URMC Therapist Kevin Coffey warns, if you’re feeling blue in the midst of the merrymaking, think twice before downing a few drinks. Alcohol may actually make you feel worse. You may be surprised to learn that alcohol is a depressant. Many people think the opposite because drinking gives them a “pick-me-up.” The truth is that alcohol depresses your central nervous system and brain. That temporarily blunts the effects of stress hormones. But it also slows your coordination, reaction time, and intellectual ability. When the alcohol wears off, there's a rebound effect, bringing on more stress and depression than you felt before the first sip. Alcohol and Depression: A Devious Duo Both men and women can have problems with depression and alcohol. With men, the alcohol use usually comes first. Alcohol impacts two brain chemicals (neurotransmitters) linked to depression—serotonin and norepinephrine. The more you drink and raise your blood alcohol content, the more this negative effect increases. In fact, symptoms of depression may occur with blood alcohol content levels as low as 0.03—about one to two drinks. Switch to Soft Drinks If you have any symptoms of depression, skip the alcohol and toast with a soft drink. Depression is a serious health problem that’s on the rise in the U.S. In the past 15 years, the number of people seeking treatment for depression has doubled. Left untreated, it can lead to other health problems and even suicide. If these symptoms hit close to home, you may be depressed: Sleeping more or having trouble sleeping Overeating or loss of appetite Not enjoying things that used to bring you pleasure, including sex Irritability, feeling hopeless or helpless Feelings of worthlessness Reoccurring thoughts of death, including thoughts of suicide Where to Turn for Help If you have any of the symptoms of depression, get help. Your primary care physician is the best place to start, but not always the quickest. For help in finding a provider, click here If you are having suicidal thoughts, it is a medical emergency. Get help right away. In the Rochester area, contact Lifeline at (585) 275-5151, or get to the nearest hospital emergency department. The good news is that depression is very treatable. The most effective approach combines medication and talk therapy. Lori Barrette |
Rating is available when the video has been rented. This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. Published on Feb 12, 2013 In this up close and personal video, Dan and Dave talk about the final release of their Smoke & Mirrors playing cards. They discuss the history of the brand, their inspiration, how it evolved, and what went into creating the most successful playing card franchise of late.
Cheesecake Factory, IBM Team Up To Crack The Code Of Customer Bliss Consider the following entirely fictitious but totally plausible scenario: A diner at the Kuwait City branch of The Cheesecake Factory restaurant chain complains to his waiter that the pickles in his Americana Cheeseburger (American and cheddar cheese, crunchy potato crisps, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pickles and secret sauce) had a funny texture. The waiter instantly offers to replace the dish, since The Cheesecake Factory is committed to "absolute guest satisfaction," according to Donald Moore, chief culinary officer for The Cheesecake Factory Inc. So the diner opts for the Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich (crispy coated chicken breast covered with melted cheese and either spicy Buffalo or chipotle mayo, served on a brioche bun), and subsequently reaches the company's desired level of satisfaction. That very same day, diners at Cheesecake Factory outposts in Wauwatosa, Wis., Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., and Pembroke Pines, Fla., also complain about the texture of the pickles on their burgers. Are these hypothetical experiences related in any way? And even if they are, is there any way that the people at The Cheesecake Factory's factory would ever learn of these events and connect them together? In the future, the answer will be yes, according to Angela Nardone, chairman and chief innovation officer of N2N Global. Nardone's company has partnered with IBM to use tools for analyzing big data sets to help the restaurant chain look for potential problems like this. With more than 170 outlets, 300 menu items, and something like a thousand different fresh ingredients from dozens or hundreds of suppliers, Nardone explains, The Cheesecake Factory is blessed/cursed with a lot of data. The new software would allow the company to track whether the pickles all came from the same supplier, and whether other outlets were experiencing the same problem without yet being aware of it. Normally, says Nardone, finding out something like that, never mind doing anything about it, can take weeks. With the big data analytical software, she says, the problem can be spotted and solved within a day. "The new system can work bottom up or top down," says Nardone. The software might detect a pattern in complaints from the field, as in my fictitious scenario, or a supplier could contact the restaurant chain about a problem with a particular ingredient, and the new software could rapidly disseminate that information to local branches. And while the system wasn't implemented with public health in mind, it would certainly simplify tracking the culprit in cases of an outbreak of foodborne illness. "We have talked with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention about this," says Nardone. This complex new data analytics system may seem like a fairly expensive way to prevent the occasional mushy pickle from appearing on a burger. But as Atul Gawande wrote in The New Yorker, The Cheesecake Factory does seem to have an extremely high commitment to smooth operations and customer satisfaction for the more than 80 million people it serves each year. But "absolute guest satisfaction"? I have to admit, that quest seems a bit quixotic to me.
Cataloguing the whole of the interwebs one multi-link post at a time. o my gosh that friggin adorable AWwwwwwww super cute! The animal pictures are so cute!I can't take my eyes off them!:) these r the cutest pics i have seen in a long time!! awwww! lol Omg these are sooo freaking cute! These pics are adorable! Thankss! =] O.M.G these r soooooooooo cute,i can't get off this website!HELP!!!!!!!!!!!! ;-) LOL All Those Pics Were So random ut Soooooooo Cute!!!!! this is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute and funny They are adorable!!!!!!!!!I Love they like crazy!!!Great choice of pictures for your site!! Anonymous said............ They are really sooooooooooo cute. They should thanks god for making them what they are and moreover i would like to thanks to the person who shooted these pictures and gave us Happiness and peace of mind. Its all about the love without any mean. OMG! I love the puppy on his back. I could sqweeze and and love him everyday.Justbway tooo cute. They are so cute! One little kitty looks like all she's got is a big head and nothing else :D. Absolutely amazing piccies, thanks for sharing! Love the Meerkats photo, they look like a proper family! :-) Thanks for the escape.A reminder that peace is not hard too find. thanks for sharing MY Heart is so full of joy when I look at these pictures,THANK YOU!!! i feel like squeezing those animals real hard! :) i want to squeeze those animals:) Thought you might enjoy our new clip - "The 9 Cutest Things That Ever Happened" :-)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0sbmrwLzBo I'm trying to find the original source of this tiny mouse photo. Do you know where it came from? I'm trying to find the original source of the photo of the tiny mouse in the man's hand. Do you know where it came from? Post a Comment
College Offers Scholarship for Twitter 'Essay' At the University of Iowa, a good tweet is worth $37,000. That's the price of a full scholarship, and that's exactly what a student hopeful can win in a contest the university has dreamed up that takes electronic communication to a new level. The university is asking prospective students to submit a 140-character tweet in place of a second essay. The University of Iowa is joining several others in its attempt to make students get to the point quickly and to improve their social media skills — two qualities that today's Twitter-savvy marketplace demands. - Kentucky Fried Chicken offers a Colonel's Scholars Twitter scholarship for $20,000 over four years based on a tweet responding to "tell us in 140 characters why you deserve a $20,000 scholarship." The competition received 2,800 applications last year, says Rick Maynard, KFC spokesman. - Scholarship.com, an organization to help students find money for college, offers the Short and Tweet Scholarship, which asks applicants to sum up their college experience in a tweet to win $1,000 or a Kindle. - The 140 Scholarship, presented by College Scholarships.org, a website to help students search for funding, looks for a tweet highlighting how to use Twitter to improve the world. The winner receives $1,400, and the first and second runners-up receive $140, according to the website. At the University of Iowa, the person with the best tweet by the July 28 deadline will receive a full scholarship to the university's business school. Applicant Seth Goldstein of Columbus, Ohio, submitted his tweet last week and said he was excited for the "fun, unique challenge." "It is something different and out of the box," Goldstein said. "No other MBA schools I have applied to have anything like this." Jaron Lanier, author of You Are Not A Gadget: A Manifesto, says he doesn't support the idea. "They're devaluing their future, because they're identifying themselves with a fad rather than something more long term," Lanier says. "It comes off as a school trying so hard to be cool." Jodi Schafer, the University of Iowa's director of MBA admissions and financial aid, says that application essays were becoming unoriginal and often highly edited. "We're hoping that incorporating social media in the process will help bring back some of that creativity," Schafer says. Students are encouraged to link to their blogs, videos, Facebook accounts or anything else that may help answer the question: "What makes you an exceptional Tippie Full-time MBA candidate and future MBA hire?" University of Iowa alum Kinzie Dekkenga has considered going back to school for a few years, but "life got in the way," and it wasn't until she saw the scholarship offer on Facebook that she decided it was time to apply. "I saw it and I thought, 'Oh my gosh! Why not?'" Dekkenga said. "Taking the burden off the 800-word-essay was a huge incentive. I am on social media almost every day, so it's more comfortable to tweet than to write an essay." Dekkenga worked on the tweet for five days. "It turns out … having to simplify your thoughts down was much harder than I thought," Dekkenga said. "I sat on the Twitter page and just kept typing things, but I was always 100 or 200 characters over."
Movenpick, Soma Bay Kitesurf Centre In Soma Bay New for 2013 Planet now have a new centre in the famous kitesurfing resort of Soma Bay in Egypt. This new soma Bay Kitesurf centre is based directly on the beach of the new 5* Soma Bay Movenpick Hotel. This hotel is perfect for kitesurfers with non-kiting partners or family as there is a high level of service and great food. The kitesurfing in Soma Bay is some of the best in Egypt with a huge bay and the best wind stats in the region. The whole bay gives rise to absolutely sensational - and incredibly varied - windsurfing and kiting conditions: flat water, small to medium sized waves and shallow areas offer something for every level of ability. Due to the small, offshore islands and reefs, the entire bay feels as though it is framed, which gives a very pleasant feeling of security when you are out windsurfing and kiting. Our partner kitesurf school at the Somabay Movenpick is stocked with al the newest North kitesurf equipment. They also provide a full range of kitesurf course from 10 hour IKO Kitesurf beginner course to private advanced instruction. Pre Booked Sports Services One Weeks Kitesurfing Storage & Rescue Cover (min IKO Level III)£65 1 Hour Private Kitesurfing Instruction (excl equipment)£70 4 Hours Kitesurfing Water Start / Board Work Course£196 10 Hour Kitesurfing beginner course (Including kit)£304 6 hour Kitesurfing classes instructions£196 1 hour kitesurfing supervision - Launch, landing, basci tips and safety watch£42 One Week Kitesurf & Windsurf Rental Combination£335 Two Weeks Kitesurf Rental (IKO Level III Only / upwind sailing ONLY)£361 Two Week Kitesurf & Windsurf Rental Combination£517 One Week Kitesurf Rental (IKO Level III Only / upwind sailing ONLY)£230 Sport centre prices are as a guide, prices can change depending on the season and exchange rates. When pre booking with Planet you normally receive around a 10% discount on direct local prices. More importantly, you MUST pre book any essential sport services at the time of booking to ensure availability. Please be sure to ask us about this during the booking process.
Tired of waiting? Click here to disable ads! You are not logged in. If you sign up for an account, you can gain additional voting power over time, allowing your vote to have an even greater impact on submission scores! It's the Cat Face Christmas special. Yes I know it's not Christmas but it was when we made it. Ich verstehe gar nichts aber ich finde es lustig! why is the cat face rating all ways chang it turn rated t then e then teen again then for everyone again DID ANY ONE ELSE SEE IN THE OLD LADYS STOCKING ITS A GRAVE LOL! gordon put some money in the swear jar! ITS ALREADY FULL! that swear jar it's probably Gordon's piggy bank. This dude and his Megazord vacuum cleaner This took far too long to make... newgrounds.com — Your #1 online entertainment & artist community! All your base are belong to us.
Miners’ Rescue Dominates News Interest Jump in Attention to Midterm Election News Summary of Findings The dramatic rescue of 33 Chilean miners trapped underground for more than two months dominated the public’s news interest last week, while the media focused on both the miners’ saga and the midterm Congressional elections. With the Nov. 2 elections fast approaching, the percent of the public tracking election news very closely jumped to 33% from 23% one week earlier. According to the latest News Interest Index survey conducted Oct. 14-17 among 1,002 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, Republicans continue to follow election news more closely than Democrats or independents. Currently, close to half of Republicans (47%) say they are following this news very closely, compared with 32% of Democrats and 26% of independents. The week of Oct. 7-10, 31% of Republicans said they were following news about the midterms very closely, compared with 21% of Democrats and 20% of independents. While the public appears increasingly attentive to election news, four-in-ten say they followed news about the rescue of the miners – heavily covered and broadcast live on television – more closely than any other news last week. Nearly two-in-ten (19%) say they followed news about the economy most closely; 15% say they followed news about the elections most closely. For its part, the media devoted 28% of coverage to the midterm elections and 21% of newshole to the drama that unfolded in Chile, according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism (PEJ). Roughly 12% of coverage focused on the still-struggling economy – about 8% on the economy in general and 4% on the foreclosure issues causing new problems for the housing market. About half of the public (49%) says they followed news about the rescue of the Chilean miners very closely. That’s greater than the 33% that said they very closely followed news about a deadly explosion in a West Virginia coal mine this April and comparable to the 47% that said they followed news that closely about the deaths of 12 miners in a West Virginia mine in January 2006. Women generally paid closer attention to the developments in Chile than men: 55% say they followed this news very closely, compared with 42% of men. More than four-in-ten (42%) say they followed news about the economy very closely, while 19% say this was the story they followed most closely. About a quarter (26%) say they followed news about foreclosure problems very closely, while 6% say this was the news they followed most closely. A third (33%) say they followed news about the midterm elections very closely, 15% say this was the news they followed most closely. Nearly four-in-ten men (38%) say they followed election news very closely, compared with 28% of women. About two-in-ten of the public (19%) say they followed news about Obama administration plans to lift the ban on deep-water oil and gas exploration put in place after the BP disaster in the Gulf of Mexico. The story accounted for 3% of coverage; 5% say this was the news they followed most closely. Two-in-ten (20%) say they very closely followed news about a federal judge’s decision to block enforcement of the government’s “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy concerning gays in the military. This news accounted for 3% of coverage and 3% say this was the news they followed most closely. While young people generally say they are following key news stories less closely than older people, that is not the case with the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” story. More than two-in-ten (22%) of those ages 18-29 say they followed this news very closely, compared with 17% of those age 30-49, 19% of those age 50-64 and 24% of those 65 and older. These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index, an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. The index, building on the Center’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories, examines news interest as it relates to the news media’s coverage. The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, which monitors the news reported by major newspaper, television, radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis. In the most recent week, data relating to news coverage were collected October 11-17, and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected October 14-17, from a nationally representative sample of 1,002 adults. About the News Interest Index The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public’s interest in and reaction to major news events. This project has been undertaken in conjunction with the Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, an ongoing content analysis of the news. The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media: newspapers, network television, cable television, radio and the internet. Each week (from Monday through Sunday) PEJ compiles this data to identify the top stories for the week. (For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, go to www.journalism.org.) The News Interest Index survey collects data from Thursday through Sunday to gauge public interest in the most covered stories of the week. Results for this survey are based on telephone interviews conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International among a national sample of 1,002 adults living in the continental United States, 18 years of age or older, from October 14-17, 2010 (671 respondents were interviewed on a landline telephone, and 331 were interviewed on a cell phone, including 157 who had no landline telephone). Both the landline and cell phone samples were provided by Survey Sampling International. Interviews were conducted in English. The combined landline and cell phone sample are weighted using an iterative technique that matches gender, age, education, race, Hispanic origin, region, and population density to parameters from the March 2009 Census Bureau’s Current Population Survey. The sample is also weighted to match current patterns of telephone status based on extrapolations from the 2009 National Health Interview Survey. The weighting procedure also accounts for the fact that respondents with both landline and cell phones have a greater probability of being included in the combined sample and adjusts for household size within the landline sample. Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting. The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95% level of confidence for different groups in the survey: In addition to sampling error, one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls.
A talented striker that has represented his home province of British Columbia, Juan Carlos Marquez joined Whitecaps FC Residency on Sept. 7, 2010, after spending six seasons with Richmond United Metro. MAJOR LEAGUE SOCCER RESERVE LEAGUE 2012: Marquez made his MLS Reserve League debut as a second-half substitute for Whitecaps FC reserves, as they drew 1-1 at home to Seattle Sounders FC reserves in the season opener on Mar. 26. UNITED SOCCER LEAGUES PREMIER DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE 2012: The striker had two goals and an assist in Whitecaps FC U-23’s PDL season opener, as Vancouver won 3-0 at home to defending PDL champions Kitsap Pumas on May 4. Those efforts earned Marquez the PDL Player of the Week honour and a spot in the league’s Team of the Week for Week One. He then scored in a 4-0 victory at British Columbia rivals Fraser Valley Mariners FC on June 20. 2011: Marquez made 13 appearances during his first PDL season with Whitecaps FC Residency, as they finished third in the Northwest Division of the PDL’s Western Conference. He scored the Residency team's consolation goal in a 2-1 defeat at North Sound SeaWolves on June 25. VANCOUVER WHITECAPS FC RESIDENCY 2010-11: The striker appeared in all six matches of the Residency team’s tour of Mexico in Nov. 2010. This included assists in the 6-1 victory over the U-19/U-20 side of Atotonilco FC on Nov. 12 and the 4-2 win over the U-18 side of Atlas de Guadalajara on Nov. 14. He then scored the first goal during a 2-2 draw with the U-19/U-20 side of Estudiantes Tecos on Nov. 16 and the final goal during the 5-3 victory over Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Guadalajara (ITESM) on Nov. 20. In Apr. 2011, the striker appeared in all three Bracket C matches in the U-19 Super Group at Dallas Cup XXXII. This included starts in the 3-2 win over Brazil’s Sport Club Corinthians Paulista (Apr. 17, 2011) and the 2-0 defeat to Mexico's Tigres de la Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León (Tigres UANL) (Apr. 18, 2011). He was a second-half substitute during the 2-0 defeat to Real Salt Lake U-17/U-18 Academy (Apr. 20, 2011). Marquez also started the 2-1 friendly win over Costa Rica's Liga Deportiva Alajuelense at Dallas Cup XXXII on Apr. 21, 2011. U-17: Marquez was included in the Canadian U-17 national team player pool. Marquez began his soccer career at the age of five with Wesburn Youth Soccer Club in Burnaby, BC. He then played for Duggan Soccer in Edmonton, Alberta, and South Burnaby Metro Club before joining Richmond United Metro for six seasons. The striker was also a member of the British Columbia provincial team from 2007 to 2010. Born in Burnaby, BC, but raised in nearby Richmond, BC, Marquez also spent some time in Edmonton, Alberta. As a student, he attended Burnaby’s Inman Elementary School and Forest Grove Elementary School before enrolling at John Paul I Catholic Elementary School in Edmonton, Alberta, then Walter Lee Elementary School in Richmond, BC. He has also attended Killarney Secondary School in Vancouver, BC, and Matthew McNair Secondary School in Richmond, BC. His parents are Monica Santander and Juan Carlos Marquez, while he has two sisters named Carla and Angella. When not concentrating on his soccer career, Marquez enjoys spending time with friends and heading to the beach during the summer months.
Nicholas A. Basbanes, a regular contributor to Fine Books & Collections has a nice article this month about the Brattle Book Shop in Boston. The title of the article claims "oldest bookstore in America," and Basbanes traces its origins to 1825. In my collection of ephemera, I have a book dealer's calendar from 1901. His name is W.F. Tenney and his calendar advertisement states "old books bought and sold." His shop was located at 26 Brattle Street. Could Tenney have been neighbors with the Brattle Book Shop? Were they the only book dealers on Brattle St. or was there a lively book community in that area? On Brattle Street, in Scollay Square, the Brattle Book Shop was born and christened by its location. There it thrived until the 1960s when it succumbed to area redevelopment projects and relocated. No telling whatever came of Tenney. His business may not have been around to see the 1960s. Perhaps it continued under another name or was purchased by another dealer. At least for awhile, around the turn of the last century, there were a couple of book shops on Brattle St. in Boston for collectors to find old books. Six Score and More: Wallowing in It with Bill Reese - I've been recently wallowing in rare books with noted bookseller Bill Reese. Not literally, but via the Rare Book School podcast of his June 15, 2016 ta... 1 week ago
4 Common Startup Mistakes To Avoid Posted on July 25, 2012 by nina Published by Fast Company With all the startups I’ve seen, and I’ve coached over 700 by now, I’ve become somewhat of an expert on common mistakes startups make. So when I find someone doing it right, I like to share. Thomas Franchise Solutions is like no other startup I’ve worked with. Peter Thomas, the founder, is not a twenty-something. He is a mature, visionary leader, a man who has learned from his own experience as a serial entrepreneur how to start and run a company aligned with his personal values. He’s very blunt about telling you what those values are: health, happiness, freedom, and integrity. After retiring, he spent the last decade giving workshops and training others in values-based leadership. He donates the proceeds to charity. That’s why, when he came out of retirement this year to start another company (he was bored), he was able to raise $13 million from friends and acquaintances to capitalize it. When he started making phone calls to raise money, he had already avoided the four most common startup mistakes: lack of a clear business model, insufficient market knowledge, not investing in human capital, and taking too much money. Have a clear business model: Thomas picked a business at the intersection point of two industries he knew well, franchising and real estate. Real estate is a large part of the expansion of a franchise, because most of them involve brick and mortar. His experience bringing Century 21 to Canada and becoming involved with a massage franchise gave him the franchising experience, while the fact that he developed a luxury hotel in Arizona gave him depth in real estate. He had the business model: find franchisors of a certain size and experience who need to get to the next level, inject some capital into their businesses, and provide the strategic expertise along with the capital. Thomas Franchise Solutions, I’d guess, is a new kind of cross between a private equity firm, a VC and a consulting firm.. The business will have several revenue streams: return on the capital invested, and in cases where the franchisor isn’t ready for investment, strategic advisory services Do your market research:Thomas’ first hire spent months exploring the market, actually looking at the competition and what they were doing, examining all the problems of small business finance, and making sure capital was the gating factor for the expansion of franchises. When the company launched, he was sure it would have customers from a numbers perspective. Hire and develop the best people: At his stage in life, Thomas has no desire to do the grunt work, but he wants the end result to reflect his values. So he engineers that in from the get-go by surrounding himself with the best people. Not only are these people smart, but they are independent. They are not all “hired” either; some are assembled as a boardroom of equals, already independent, who will work on projects where they are needed. This is not the same as outsourcing things that aren’t part of your core competency–rather, it is bringing people to the table who may not be necessary full time, or who prefer not to have jobs. Don’t take too much money: The $13 million fund, known as Fund 1, is a minimum viable product, now testing customer acceptance before TFS goes for a $100 million fund in three years. Thomas decided to do the initial market test to determine whether this is the best way to bring the franchise business model into the 21st century. As an entrepreneur with outside investors, he tells his team that its job is to minimize the investors’ risk. A novel perspective. To bring a diverse group of inside and outside people together and put them on the same page so they can collaborate and develop into a team takes both vision and leadership. But in the three months that TFS has been conducting due diligence on its initial deals, I’ve watched the group come together. I’m beginning to think that successful entrepreneurship might take a blend of generations.
White Sox - 100 000 010 - 2 7 0BIG PAPI Walkoff HR! Red Sox - 010 001 001 - 3 7 1 Wakefield was brilliant (7-6-1-1-3, 94) and David Ortiz hit two home runs! The game-winning blast was clubbed down the right field line, plenty high and deep enough, and it stayed fair -- his first walkoff dong since September 12, 2007. Boston's other slugger -- Alex Gonzalez -- hit a solo shot in the sixth. And Victor Martinez's night of dealing with the knuckleball was a complete non-event. It was never an issue. ... Plus, 21 of Wakefield's first 22 pitches (and 27 of 30) were strikes. The Yankees beat the Rangers 9-2, so Boston stays 6 GB in the East. The Rangers fell 2.5 GB Boston in the Wild Card. The Blue Jays scored twice in the bottom of the ninth to beat the Rays 3-2 and drop Tampa 4 GB in the WC. Gavin Floyd (3.98, 118 ERA+) / Tim Wakefield (4.31, 110 ERA+) Wakefield returns from the DL (lower back and left calf) for his first start since July 8. His pitches shall float like a butterfly while the Red Sox bats sting like a bee. A big fookin' nine-stinger stabbin' bee. Well, maybe an eight-stinger bee, since Seabass will be in there. Brave Victor Martinez will be behind the plate: I'm really looking forward to it. I've had a chance to catch four or five of his [bullpen sessions]. ... I'm pretty excited. ... You don't have to look pretty catching it. You just have to make sure that you catch it.Since Wakefield's mobility in somewhat uncertain, Tito will go with strong gloves at the corners: Kotchman 1B and Yook 3B, with Tiz DHing. Also: Rangers (Holland)/Yankees (Pettitte) at 7 PM.
At the end of the film “Miss Congeniality,” the FBI agent who has masqueraded as a Miss America contestant, admits she agrees with the rote refrain of the others, saying, “I really do want world peace.” Everybody says they “really do want world peace,” while knowing it won’t happen. For a long time, the best available substitute for world peace was the Cold War. The atomic bomb had imposed the possibility of “mutually assured destruction,” and that was reality, not a pious hope. So long as the United States and the Soviet Union could destroy one another, they would back off from confrontations that could lead to the use of nuclear weapons. Perhaps that did not create a golden era with the sun shining all over the world, but it worked. Not only did the two super powers stop short of directly going to war, they also restrained other countries from actions that might drag the two major players and the world into a war too horrible to imagine. The threat of nuclear war served as the guarantor of world peace. While some countries were relegated to the sidelines, many others found themselves in the orbit of one super power or the other. Armed and financed by their patron, they had little ability to act independently. Then, the Cold War ended. It looked like the United States was the only remaining super power as it witnessed the breakup of countries, including the Soviet Union. Smaller countries would pose no threat to the United States and presumably, they would be unable to unleash nuclear warfare. The American peace would be an extension of the ability of the United States, during World War II and even during the Cold War, to use its undeniable military and economic power to impose its will on much of the world. Why do Americans now feel a sense of weakness and inability to control events? American power in the world seems to have dissolved. In a highly partisan political climate, it is easy to blame President Obama. His personal style, soft-spoken and sometimes hesitant, seems to favor limits on American action and invite others to disturb the peace. Sen. John McCain, the Arizona Republican who lost to Obama in 2008, almost never misses the chance to propose militant reactions to world events and to criticize the president for not taking his advice. Even if you might want more assertiveness from Obama and less from McCain, that may miss the point. It’s possible there are no more super powers, a fact that may be difficult for Americans to accept. Since the beginning of the Twentieth Century, Americans had grown use to calling the shots, but now frustration has replaced self-confidence. Look at the Ukraine, Syria, and Israel-Hamas. War rages in all three areas, and the United States seems unable to do anything about these conflicts except to propose cease-fires, which turns out to be a bit like saying, “I really do want world peace.” The Ukraine is torn between Russia, its historic boss, and Western Europe, which offers an opportunity for prosperity. Because the economies of Russia and Western Europe are intertwined, Western Europe took quite a while to agree with the U.S. that Russia should suffer from real sanctions. Finally, the downing of the Malaysian plane got it to act. In Syria, torn by war, the Russians like the current regime and the Americans don’t. Without a real alternative, the U.S. cannot force a resolution. And the conflict in Syria has deprived Hamas, which controls Gaza, of the backing essential to maintain its conflict with Israel. It is now engaged in a last-ditch, almost suicidal, effort, and Israel responded by going to war in hopes of finishing off Hamas. The U.S. cannot even achieve a ceasefire. None of this is particularly healthy, and it is a poor substitute for peace. So long as nobody is shooting at Americans, which could become a possibility in the next couple of years after the troops leave Afghanistan, why should all this matter to us? The political partisan divide reflects an underlying sense of unhappiness in the country. And that results partly from a recognition that the U.S. role in the world, as the dominant power, has eroded and perhaps been lost. Recognizing the world has changed, leaders on both sides of the aisle could seek a new definition of America’s role. The goal would be to develop a consistent policy, attuned to the 21st Century and aimed at restoring American self-confidence in world affairs.
Hyperoxia-induced lung injury in gamma-glutamyl transferase deficiency is associated with alterations in nitrosative and nitrative stress Klings, Elizabeth S., Lowry, Matthew H., Li, Guihua, Jean, Jyh-Chang, Fernandez, Bernadette O., Garcia-Saura, Maria F., Feelisch, Martin and Joyce-Brady, Martin. (2009) Hyperoxia-induced lung injury in gamma-glutamyl transferase deficiency is associated with alterations in nitrosative and nitrative stress. American Journal of Pathology, Vol.175 (No.6). pp. 2309-2318. ISSN 0002-9440Full text not available from this repository. Official URL: http://dx.doi.org/10.2353/ajpath.2009.081017 γ-Glutamyl transferase (GGT) regulates glutathione metabolism and cysteine supply. GGT inactivation in GGTenu1 mice limits cysteine availability causing cellular glutathione deficiency. In lung, the resultant oxidant burden is associated with increased nitric oxide (NO) production, yet GGTenu1 mice still exhibit higher mortality in hyperoxia. We hypothesized that NO metabolism is altered under severe oxidant stress and contributes to lung cellular injury and death. We compared lung injury, NO synthase (NOS) expression, nitrate/nitrite production, nitroso product formation, peroxynitrite accumulation, and cell death in wild-type and GGTenu1 mice in normoxia and hyperoxia. The role of NOS activity in cell death was determined by NOS inhibition. Exposure of wild-type mice to hyperoxia caused increased lung injury, altered NO metabolism, and induction of cell death compared with normoxia, which was attenuated by NOS inhibition. Each of these lung injury indices were magnified in hyperoxia-exposed GGTenu1 mice except nitrosation, which showed a diminished decrease compared with wild-type mice. NOS inhibition attenuated cell death only slightly, likely due to further exacerbation of oxidant stress. Taken together, these data suggest that apoptosis in hyperoxia is partially NO-dependent and reiterate the importance of cellular glutathione in lung antioxidant defense. Therefore, reduced denitrosylation of proteins, possibly resulting in impaired cellular repair, and excessive apoptotic cell death likely contribute to increased lung injury and mortality of GGTenu1 mice in hyperoxia. |Item Type:||Journal Article| |Subjects:||R Medicine > R Medicine (General)| |Divisions:||Faculty of Medicine > Warwick Medical School > Translational & Systems Medicine > Metabolic and Vascular Health Faculty of Medicine > Warwick Medical School |Journal or Publication Title:||American Journal of Pathology| |Publisher:||American Society for Investigative Pathology Inc.| |Official Date:||December 2009| |Page Range:||pp. 2309-2318| |Access rights to Published version:||Restricted or Subscription Access| Actions (login required)
“I want my iPhone 5!” Is this you? |I'm one of those 2 million preorders!||20%||35 votes| |I like my Google Android, and I'm buying a Google tablet with the money I saved.||21%||36 votes| |Reluctantly. Does this mean my iPhone 4 is obsolete already?||24%||42 votes| |I like my flip-phone.||33%||58 votes| |171 total votes|
Lawton's May Re-Open in New Lawrence Location; Lawrence Famous Frankfurters to Open in Old Lawton's Space It look like a decades-old hot dog stand in Lawrence that recently closed may be opening in a new location within the city, and a new hot dog place will be opening in the space where Lawton's used to be. According to the Eagle-Tribune, the owner of Lawton's, which had been at the corner of Canal Street and Broadway for approximately 80 years until closing over the winter, is hoping to re-open the place at the corner of South Union Street and Jamaica Street, with the new name being Lawton's Famous Frankfurters. The article states that if all goes as planned, the new Lawton's will look much like the old one, albeit with an upgraded interior and a little more space. The spot where Lawton's used to be is going to become a new eatery called Lawrence Famous Frankfurters, which will feature hot dogs as well as sausages, salad wraps, BBQ chicken, lobster rolls, and more. For more information on the opening of these two hot dog stands in Lawrence, please go to the Eagle-Tribune link below. Weiner wars: Landlord reopening Lawton's hot dogs under new name Thanks to a poster on Chowhound for bringing this to our attention.
Stocks Hit Highs While Uncertain Credit Union Members Continue to Save The Dow Jones industrial average in recent days has ended a surge that the markets hadn’t seen in 17 years. For some, it was one more sign that the nation’s economy may be continuing to move along the road to recovery. Industry watchers said the Dow’s ascension, which started at close to 14,254 on March 5 and peaked at 14,514 on March 15, was fueled by several factors, including a spike in gas prices. Investors may have either been spooked by the record rise or made some adjustments to their portfolio mix. For credit union members, who tend to err on the side of conservative, the Dow’s increase might have aligned with their savings, which were up in January, according to CUNA Mutual Group’s March Credit Union Trends Report. The timing of the Dow’s record movement coincides with the latest update from an initiative between CU Solutions Group and SaveUp. According to the Michigan Credit Union League & Affiliates, which owns CU Solutions Group, SaveUp is a free rewards program that encourages consumers to make positive changes to their financial behaviors. More than 40 credit unions have signed on with SaveUp since the alliance launched six months ago. Every time members contribute to their savings or retirement accounts, pay down their credit cards, mortgages or other loans or engage with SaveUp’s financial education content, they earn credits they can use to win prizes from sponsors such as Virgin America, Banana Republic and GameStop, as well as a $2 million jackpot, CUSG said. For the $737 million Northeast Credit Union in Portsmouth, N.H., SaveUp has served several roles particularly with certain member niches and their spending and long-term planning goals, said Andrea Pruna, vice president of marketing at Northeast. “SaveUp is a great innovative tool to engage with the Gen Y market, reward positive member behavior and help plan our marketing tactics using its incredibly useful data reports,” Pruna said. Unlike their baby boomer counterparts, Gen X and Gen Y have a bit more time to plan for retirement. To target these younger members, SaveUp recently released its first U.S. Consumer Savings and Debt Report with its major findings focused on the financial habits of Gen X and Gen Y. With Gen X, average mortgage debt was $181,706, which was 21% above the U.S. average. Average student loan debt and credit card debt were $44,270 and $8,801, respectively. Gen Y had less debt averages, according to SaveUp. The average mortgage debt was more than $161,000, which was 7.5% above the U.S. average. Average student loan debt and credit card debt were $40,273 and $4,113, respectively. “Our recent data report shows that young people are bearing a disproportionate share of the country’s non-asset debt, and if credit unions can engage younger Americans to offer them better terms, and longer term financial services, there is a real benefit to all sides,” said Priya Haji, CEO and co-founder of SaveUp. Meanwhile, despite the Dow’s winning streak and more consumers paying down debt, retiring comfortably remains elusive for some. According to the Employee Benefit Research Institute’s Retirement Confidence Survey, released on March 19, the percentage of workers confident about having enough money for a comfortable retirement is essentially unchanged from the record lows observed in 2011. While more than half expressed some level of confidence, with 13% being very confident and 38% somewhat confident of being able to afford a comfortable retirement, 21% were not too confident, and 28% were not at all confident. The latter figure is the highest level of those not at all confident recorded during the 23 years of the survey, EBRI said. One reason that retirement confidence has remained low despite a brightening economic outlook is that some workers may be waking up to just how much they may need to save, according to EBRI. Asked how much they believe they will need to save to achieve a financially secure retirement, a striking number of workers cited large savings targets: 20% said they need to save between 20% to 29% of their income and 23% indicated they need to save 30% or more. “Aggressive as those savings targets appear to be, they may not be based on a careful analysis of their individual circumstances,” said Jack VanDerhei, EBRI research director and co-author of the report. “Only 46% report they and/or their spouse have tried to calculate how much money they will need to have saved by the time they retire so that they can live comfortably in retirement.”
The Intensity Scale (sometimes called the Gray Scale) not only controls the contrast within all displayed images but it also controls how the Red, Green and Blue primary colors mix to produce all of the on-screen colors. The steeper the Intensity Scale the greater the image contrast and the higher the saturation of displayed color mixtures. So if the Intensity Scale doesn't follow the Standard that is used in all consumer content then the colors and intensities will be wrong everywhere in all images. In order to deliver accurate color and image contrast a display must closely match the Standard Intensity Scale. Figure 3 shows the measured Intensity Scales for the Tablets alongside the industry standard Gamma of 2.2, which is the straight black line.
"A creative outlet for the little guys", that is our motto. We believe everyone that has a creative idea should be able to be published. We work together to make the product the best we can. Feel free to contact us if you have an idea and want to be published as well. You provide the content, we provide the outlet.
Is casting your own ammo worth the trouble? I have a Dillon 550 & have loaded for 9mm & 357 for about 5 years now. I am now considering bullet casting to save even more on ammo. But Im not sure just how much savings I'd be getting. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance. Wanna kill these ads? We can help!
Rehabilitation Engineering Research Center for Technologies for Successful Aging with Disability The overarching objective of this RERC is to optimize participation through technology (OPTT). OPTT-RERC will enhance the lives of individuals aging with and into disability through: - development and delivery of cutting-edge technologies for identification, evaluation, and rehabilitation of the motor processes that facilitate or impede functional performance, employment, and community participation for the intended beneficiaries, - employment of state of the art data management, dissemination, and performance evaluation techniques to ensure that the knowledge and products emergent from the RERC are accessible for all intended beneficiaries, - assembly of a multidisciplinary team of experts in clinical rehabilitation, engineering, gerontology, along with a select group of technology partners, and disability advocates to ensure that OPTT-RERC's short and long-term outcome goals are successfully implemented and, - alignment of the clinical and technological strengths of several area programs into an integrated infrastructure to provide training opportunities for future rehabilitation researchers.
Common Skin Conditions: Fine Lines and Wrinkles Creases. Furrows. Crevices. Cracks. No matter what you call them, the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles are a natural part of the aging process. So, what causes wrinkles? As we get older, our skin becomes thinner and less supple, and its ability to protect itself from damage is also diminished. From smoking to sun exposure and even smiling, there are many possible causes of wrinkles.1 Whether you see them as markers of milestones or a sign of the mileposts behind you, wrinkles are a beautiful expression of who we are and where we have been—even still, most of us would prefer to keep them to a minimum. How can I prevent them? Wrinkles affect everyone as they age, but where and when they appear is largely up to you. Limiting sun exposure, or wearing long sleeves and hats when outside, is the best way to help maintain your youthful complexion a little longer. The importance of applying a sunscreen such as our award-winning, PABA-free Nu-Derm® Sun Shield Matte Broad Spectrum SPF 50 cannot be overstated for its ability to keep signs of skin aging at bay, now and down the road. Dry skin, often made worse by sun exposure, can also make the appearance of wrinkles look more prominent. Make it a habit to carry a reusable water bottle with you, and sip it constantly. Add a squeeze of fresh citrus like lime, lemon, or even orange to give your water a kick of flavor and some power-packed Vitamin C. What can I do to get rid of them? Unfortunately, wrinkles are just a part of life. Instead of trying to wage an all-out war on them, we suggest starting each morning with something you actually can control: a quick beauty trick that can help tighten the appearance of your skin. Fill a small basin with cold water and ice cubes, and dip your face in for 5 to 10 seconds. Doing this will help to shrink the appearance of pores and reduce under-eye puffiness.2 Follow that with a 10-minute facial massage to stimulate skin cells and tighten the appearance of the skin. Moisturizer has inherent plumping properties that temporarily smooth out the skin, so be sure to apply your favorite every morning. At bedtime, try a targeted eye-area product such as Obagi ELASTIderm® Eye Cream to help diminish the appearance of pesky crow’s feet, fine lines, and wrinkles around the eyes. A humidifier and a good night’s rest can also work wonders to help keep the stresses of the day from showing up on your skin. As you may have guessed, the key to flawless skin is really you: your discipline, your ability to stay young at heart, and your selection of just a few of the right products to bring out the best of every milestone you’ve achieved. Protect and bring out your natural radiance for years to come by incorporating these steps into your daily beauty ritual. References: 1. Cosmetic procedures for wrinkles. WebMD Web site. http://www.webmd.com/healthy-beauty/cosmetic-procedures-wrinkles. Accessed March 13, 2013. 2. Banish the bags under your eyes. WebMD Web site. http://www.webmd.com/healthy-beauty/features/banish-the-bags-under-your-eyes?page=2. Accessed March 26, 2013.
Wyoming News interviewed Dancing With The Stars Sharna Burgess about the “Ballroom With A twist” show coming up in Cheyenne, Wyoming February 1st. She talks of why the show is a “beautiful experience” for how unique it is for fans and herself. Below is more. Be sure to read more at the link. Also, if you haven’t read our new interview with Gleb Savchenko, be sure you do as he talks a little on the show as well other fun things in getting to know him. Here’s to Saturday Night, Gleb and Sharna!! “It is a beautiful experience to perform one night to a live audience. Once that show and that moment are over, it’s gone, and that makes it very special,” she said. Burgess will be joined by fellow “Dancing With The Stars” coach Gleb Savchenko and an all-star cast that includes performers from “American Idol” and “So You Think You Can Dance.” It all comes together for a night of different styles and music that Burgess said gets everyone out of their seat. “The show is so unique. It brings competitive pros from all over and mixes them up. We perform everything from hip-hop to waltzes, samba and contemporary,” she said. Burgess is originally from Australia but was working on Broadway before being discovered by “Dancing With the Stars.” An accomplished choreographer, she appeared on the series twice, first with comedian Andy Dick and later with former NFL wide receiver Keyshawn Johnson. Burgess will be performing two solo numbers as well as a few with a group during the show. She said she was looking forward to dancing with other professionals who loved the craft as much as she does. She said it was a whole new set of challenges and excitement from her role on TV. “We did judge dance numbers, which were great, and I love teaching, whether that is celebrities or anyone else,” she said. “But I know the cast on this tour really well, and I can’t wait to get out there with them.” In addition to the professional dance numbers, Burgess said there would be audience participation sections as well. “We go around and talk with people and call them up on stage, but even if that doesn’t happen for you, I bet you are going to be dancing in your seat along with us,” she said.
Watch Stephen Colbert's All-Star Goodbye to 'The Colbert Report'But it was a bit "Hollywood" for the avowed conservative. Petty, Browne, Fogerty & Henley Pay Tribute To Randy Newman At Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction John Fogerty, Mike McCready, Jerry Cantrell Added To Rock Hall Induction Ceremony Don Henley, Dave Grohl to Help Induct Rock Hall Class of 2013 Donna Summer, Randy Newman Lead Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame InducteesThe Rock And Roll Hall of Fame announced its inductees for 2013 at a press conference held at the Nokia Theater L.A. LIVE in Los Angeles today, and two solo acts who have been eligible for years have finally been voted in: Donna Summer and Randy Newman. (Artists are eligible 25 years after their first release.) Randy Newman: "I'm Dreaming Of A White President"The lyrics, which reference "White Christmas," include this stanza: "I’m dreaming of a white President/Just like the ones we’ve always had/A real live white man/Who knows the score/How to handle money or start a war/Wouldn’t even have to tell me what we were fighting for/He’d be the right man." Top K-EARTH 101 Listener Choices For Songs To Listen To While Driving On The PCH Earth Day: Songs Of Protest Randy Newman Wins Oscar For Original Song Last.fm Trends: Who Will 'Score' An Oscar For Best Song Or Soundtrack? 2011 Grammy Nominees Who Aren't Wet Behind The Ears Leslie Nielsen, Star Of Classic Comedies, Dies
Spencer's Market has chosen a winner, and it is Jeff Loughridge! Congratulations Jeff, enjoy your vegan gift basket. Vegan Holiday Kitchen to one of my readers. Comment on this post to enter, one comment per person eligible. Contest is open to residents of Canada and the US. Reminder: Please subscribe to my posts. I don't like asking for your e-mail address in the comments, so I will be posting the winner in a few days. If you don't get the notification, you might miss claiming the prize. Thanks. And, if you already have a copy of VHK, just think... now you can have that second copy for your coffee table!
Islam and Muslims in Beautiful Caribbean Two Islands, One Nation Small, lush, tropical, tranquil, prosperous, free, laid back, vibrant and active Trinidad & Tobago is unlike most other places in the world. It is a set of two islands, one smaller than the other, that together constitute a country and a member nation of the United Nations. Geographically, culturally, historically, economically and politically, Trinidad & Tobago is an integral part of the West and yet it is located at a respectable physical distance from both Europe and the United States with large green chunks of the mighty Atlantic separating one from the other. Blessed with Allah’s bounties in the form of enormous wealth from oil and natural gas, Trinidad & Tobago is perhaps the most affluent nation of the Caribbean and the West Indies, but it is also a nation, like many other nations of the so-called Developing World, that is widely interspersed with pockets of grinding poverty. It has a surfeit of cars on its roads but is plagued with a rate of air pollution and traffic accidents and fatalities that are alarming. Many of its beautiful beaches are washed over with oil slicks. Alcohol flows through the veins of Trinidad & Tobago like water, and crime stalks the nation like a chronic nightmare. Midway between the East and the West The people of Trinidad & Tobago are a sensitive, proud, hard working, decent, accomplished and highly educated lot. Literacy is over 90 percent and education is free right through the university level. The spirit of entrepreneurship and personal initiative and enterprise is as common as the national fever for partying, music, fete, frolic, “liming” – hanging out and having a good time – and the annual Christian-secular festival of Carnival that embodies many of these questionable practices. In many ways perhaps Trinidad & Tobago is a midway point between the more fully developed nations of the West and what many people refer to as the “Third World.” It is a nation the origin of most of whose people is the “East” – mostly Asia and Africa – but whose present location, culture and orientation is mostly of the “West.” And in more ways than one, Trinidad & Tobago is a checkered microcosm of the world and its multifarious peoples, cultures and traditions. It is in closest proximity to South America and yet in many marked ways it is not a Latin American nation. Overall, Trinidad & Tobago is a society whose people, leaders and culture are uniquely and amazingly open and sensitive to more than one point of view, whether it is in politics, religion or something else. Racial and Religious Harmony Trinidad & Tobago is a land in which white, black and brown people of all faiths and philosophies commingle and coexist in peace and harmony with one another. Today, religion is being used by narrow-minded bigots and self-serving zealots and charlatans everywhere to exploit society, divide people and the world into hostile camps and visit all kinds of the most unspeakable atrocities on fellow human beings. At a time like this, Trinidad & Tobago has every reason to proudly celebrate its spirit of broad-minded tolerance, peaceful coexistence and racial and religious harmony. It is a land in which Christians, Hindus, Muslims and others live, work and go about their daily business practicing their “religion” with a spirit of mutual respect and accommodation that is reflective of the basic teachings of Islam in this regard. Historically, it is reminiscent of the racial and religious harmony that prevailed for centuries in Muslim Spain before the Inquisition. With the two large African and Indian racial and ethnic groups having a comparable share and a complimentary role in the composition of the society, and with a small white and still smaller Chinese and native Caribbean presence playing the role of salt and yeast in the leavening of this wonderful mix, Trinidad & Tobago is the true melting pot of the world in modern times, even though other societies of the world may have from time to time laid claim to that title and delivered only marginally and meagerly on that claim. In earlier times, it was Islam that taught the world how people of different religious and racial backgrounds must coexist and live in peace and harmony with each other. Islam created the first true racial, religious and cultural melting pot of the world. In more ways than much of the world realizes, and without actually pressing that expression into service or making too much fuss about it, Trinidad & Tobago embodies what some parts of the world recently have come to call diversity – an oblique reference to mutual tolerance, accommodation, negotiation and respect between and amongst diverse population segments representing diverse racial and ethnic categories, cultural groupings and religious viewpoints. An Enlightened Democracy Trinidad & Tobago is also a resource-rich society with a great and vibrant present and an even greater and more vibrant future that is full of promise, potential and excitement. It has a higher literacy rate than most societies of the world and an economic base and infrastructure that are geared to propel it in the ranks of the developed societies of the world by the year 2020. Above all, Trinidad & Tobago is a free, proud, self-respecting and enlightened democracy, where freedom strains and rings from every beach, valley and mountaintop. And where independence of spirit reigns in the heart of every individual no matter how high or low his or her education or economic or social status. American Civil Rights leaders Martin Luther King, first prime minister of Trinidad & Tobago Eric Williams and others who so valiantly struggled for freedom, opportunity and dignity for their people, would have been happy to see their vision of freedom, equality and opportunity for the Western Hemisphere coming true on this island of a little over a million souls, a mere dot on the map, but a true giant among nations when it comes to commitment and respect for and adherence to the lofty notions of human rights, civil liberties, freedom, democracy and equality for its people.
Tail Wagging Tutors returns to CashierWritten by Admin - font size decrease font size increase font size The summer Tail Wagging Tutors reading hours will return to the Albert Carlton-Cashiers Community Library, starting May 23. The reoccurring event takes place at 3:45 p.m. Wednesdays. Read to the library’s dog Pilar, a.k.a. Miss P. Reading to the dog is good practice for beginning readers or kids working on public speaking, and dogs love to hear stories. She is always ready with a doggie kiss for readers. The library is located at 249 Frank Allen Road in Cashiers.
Players Finger Markers: For the beginning student. Thin fingerboard tape minimizes string buzzing while reinforcing finger positioning. Four dots, each with three colorful dots. Teachers Choice Fingerboard Tape: Perfect for teachers and students. Fingerboard tape is durable, easy to apply, and is super thin to minimize string buzzing. Does not leave residue when removed. Available in single packages that contains six tapes, or on a continuous roll. Mark Set Go: Easy to use. Helps beginning students learn finger and thumb placement. Teachers Pack, enough for 12 instruments, includes both gold and silver cards with 2 thumb fuzzy. The original Tourte rubber slips easily over the bridge when in use but may stay on the instrument when not in use for quick access. This mute is available in a two hole model for violin, viola, cello or string bass. Don't Fret is the perfect finger marking tape for the first seven positions, or for first position only. Made of thin, one-piece, self-adhering vinyl that lays flat on the fingerboard with no disruptive bumps that cause buzzing. Easy removal, and leaves NO residue. Available for all sizes of Violin, Viola or Cello. First Frets: Four colorful and mathematically accurate stripes indicate the correct placement of each of the four fingers in first position. Don't Fret: Seven colorful and mathematically accurate stripes indicate the correct placement of each of the seven positions.
Let us imagine that you with your friend have started visiting dance lessons at a dance club. You have nice dancewear and shoes, and both were lucky to find a good dance partners. Seems, that everything is going well. You like the atmosphere and enjoy music and the process of learning to dance. You are satisfied with a coach, his dance grace and knowledge, and wonder his patience in explaining you for the umpteenth time how to do this dance step. For beginners it is usual that during a time between dance lessons you can forget or mix the movements you have learnt at the previous lesson. Especially, if you were taught to dance several dances. Staying in front of a mirror in a dance hall and taking the hands of your partner, you suddenly realize that you do not know how to repeat dance steps which you brilliantly performed in Sunday. Or another situation - you remember your dance movements quite well, but your partner completely forget what leg is starting first and which side to turn you to ' to left or right? And the worst case is if you are missing the partner and have to start with a new one, excusing his mistakes and saying yourself that nobody is perfect. To prevent such unpleasant situations, you may think over a buy of dance instruction manuals and dance instruction books. Nowadays, the dance market offers many dance instruction manuals. Most part of them, however, deals with the certain dance popular at the current moment in different countries. Like Rumba Dancing instructions or Salsa Dancing instructions. Dancing manuals could be useful for you ' they comprise pictures of main dance steps and movements, colorful photos, proposals of dance costume, and data on competition. Besides, such manual may include a DVD for those who seek the highest quality dance instruction and really want to learn how to dance. As a rule, DVD features the unique dance lessons from nationally known instructor, choreographer or performer. Buy the proper level of dance (beginner). The beginning lessons teach the basic steps and a variety of beginner combinations, which made be taught all in the privacy of your own home. Having a good coach is good, but having a good coach and good dancing instructions is perfect!
EmbiggenedBy Rabbi Jack Abramowitz Isaiah tells Jerusalem to arise, for their light has come. Darkness will cover the Earth, but they alone will have light. The other nations will follow their light to G-d. Isaiah says to look around and see the crowds who have gathered – either referring to the people of other nations from the previous verse or to the exiles, who have returned. Jerusalem will be startled by the abundance of goodness she will have, and be enlarged by it. Caravans will come to Jerusalem, carrying wealth and precious goods, as well as praise of G-d. The sheep and rams will be sacrifices to G-d, which He will accept and which will inspire the nations to serve Him. The Jews will return from exile swiftly, like a cloud carried by the wind and doves returning to the coop. Ships will return the Jews to their land, along with silver and gold. (This may mean the wealth that was pillaged during the siege, or that the nations will send wealth as gifts to the Temple.) The people from other lands will help build up the city and kings will serve the nation because G-d had punished the nation for their sins, and now He has had mercy on them. Because there will be peace, the gates of Jerusalem will be open 24 hours a day and wealth will pour in. Nations will follow the Jews’ example and serve G-d or they will cease to be. The best trees of Lebanon will be used in the Temple, as they were in the time of Solomon and the descendants of the Jews’ oppressors in exile will recognize the holiness of Jerusalem and its connection to the Jewish people. Instead of being despised by the nations of the world, Israel will be admired. Israel will enjoy the wealth of nations and know that this came from G-d. Instead of copper and iron, the Jews will enjoy gold and silver. (This means that they will be rewarded many times more than the amount they were punished.) The rulers of the land will be guided by peace and righteousness. Violence and oppression will be a thing of the past. They won’t need the sun and moon for light because G-d will be their everlasting light. (This is a metaphor; light represents Torah.) The people, all of whom will be righteous, will inherit the land forever and the smallest of families will be extremely prolific. It is G-d who says this and He will make it happen.
Corioliss Pro V Purple Zebra Flat Iron - Tourmaline infused floating plates emit high concentration of negative ions to create smooth styling results - 100% Solid ceramic heating element - Far infrared technology heats hair from within to protect cuticle from damage - Variable temperature control 180-410°F - About the brand Equip with 1 1/4" wide tourmaline ceramic floating plates that infuse every strand of hair with a high concentration of smoothing negative ions helping you to easily create show-stopping silky smooth styling results, in a shorter amount of time! Also, instilled with far infrared technology where heat penetrates the hair to heat it gently from within, which protects the cuticle from damage. Lastly because this flat iron has variable temperature control from 180-410°F it delivers great styling results for all hair types. Founded in 2002, Corioliss professional styling tools use advanced ceramic technology and heating components for salon quality results. Corioliss flat irons come in a variety of sizes, and have been featured in People and Salon Business magazine as well as on television show "Celebrity Big Brother".
• For sleeve length, measure from the center back • Please note that all the info provided refers to body measurements, and NOT the dimensions of the garment. FIT INFO and DESCRIPTIONS Body Fit - A body-hugging fit for aerobic activities. Ideal for running, skate skiing and next-to-skin layering. Active Fit - A trim fit, and just loose enough for layering and freedom of movement. Ideal for backcountry skiing, climbing, mountaineering, running, and training. Standard Fit - A happy medium fit that is not too tight, and not too loose. Standard fitting apparel will fit over base and mid-layers without restricting movement. Ideal for backpacking, hiking, travel, work, and casual wear. Relaxed Fit - A roomier and more progressive fit, Mountain Hardwear relaxed styles might have a longer length than a standard fit, and a softer drape. Ideal for backpacking, hiking, skiing, and good old fashioned hanging out. * Check the product features and specs for the type of fit of each Mountain Hardwear style.
HOBOKEN -- Mayor Dawn Zimmer said she is "saddened" to see Maxwell's,close and pulled out all the stops to save the "indie-rock mecca" on Washington Street that had its heyday in the 80s and 90s. The restaurant, bar and night club is set to close its doors when the lease is up at the end of July, according to an article by the Star-Ledger. Co-owner Todd Abramson of the club and restaurant told the Star-Ledger that several factors played in his decision not to renew the lease at 1039 Washington St. Among them are a changing bar culture in Hoboken that looks to "giant TVs" rather than a traditional bar/restaurant with live music for entertainment, "difficulties of trying to run a business" in Hoboken and to a lesser extent problems with parking, "When I first heard that Maxwell's might close, I made it a priority to do everything we could to help them stay open," Zimmer said in a statement. "While I'm saddened to see it go, I understand that things change and Todd and his team did everything they could to make it work. I wish Todd and the entire Maxwell's team the best of luck in the future." Zimmer did not specify what she did to try to persuade the owners from closing the club. Describing Maxwell's as an "indie-rock mecca" with a "love for the underdogs," Rolling Stone" music magazine's website recently rated the club as the third best club in America. The club provided venues for indie bands like Replacements, Hüsker Dü, Sonic Youth and the Minutemen in the 1980s and grunge acts including Nirvana, Soundgarden, Smashing Pumpkins, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers during the 1990s, Rolling Stone says. Bruce Springsteen filmed parts of the video for his 1985 hit “Glory Days” at the club. Abramson, who will continue to operate the larger Bell House in Brooklyn, said he is planning a hold the final concert with members of members of the Bongos who played on opening night at the club. Maxwell's thrived when Hoboken was considered an "arts town" with affordable rents Abramson said the club, which offers discounted parking at two local municipal garages, has always been plagued by problems with parking where " bands whose vans have been booted because the signs are so unclear."
Police are investigating the death of a dog found along the White River in the Vermont town of Hartford. Hartford police said Wednesday that it appears that the Labrador Retriever-pit bull mix was purposely strangled. Authorities also say the dog had trauma to the back of its neck. The neutered 2-year-old tan dog was found down an embankment off of Old River Road. Anyone with information is asked to contact the Hartford Community Services Officer Brandon Dyke.
The final stupid weekend of what was an extremely stupid NFL regular season. I mean, they're all pretty stupid, but this one certainly felt more stupid than usual. Bad calls, bad coaching, bad penalties. Just stupidity all around. Let's summarize for Week 17… The second stupidest officiating moment, Bill Leavy edition With playoff implications in play, Leavy's crew had a rough go in the late moments of the Chiefs-Chargers game. The first example wasn't necessarily a bad call, but it was still poor officiating because Leavy's crew didn't perform their due diligence. Deep in their own territory, the Chargers snapped it to Eric Weddle on a fake punt on 4th-and-2. Weddle apparently gained the first down before he fumbled, leading to a Kansas City touchdown. It was ruled by Leavy's crew, though, that his forward progress was stopped before he coughed it up. Again, might have been the right call on a bang-bang play, but why wasn't first-down yardage reviewed? And why was no explanation given? This was a play that had major implications and merited an extra look, but Leavy and Co. ignored all of the options put in place for them to get these calls right. The stupidest officiating moment, Bill Leavy edition But that game might not have even gone to overtime had Leavy's crew noticed that the Chargers had an illegal formation with seven men on one side of the ball when Ryan Succop missed what would have been the game-winning field goal late in the fourth quarter. The worst part of this: Two officials—who appear from the tape to be side judge Keith Parham and umpire Ruben Fowler—were staring straight at the line from behind the Chargers rushers before the snap of the ball. They had to see the seven Chargers on the line to the right of the ball, which is illegal. Teams can have only six men on either side of the ball when it is snapped on a field-goal try. Had a flag been thrown, Succop would have had another chance from only 36 yards out. In his career, he's an 85-percent kicker from that range. Had the kick been made, Pittsburgh would be the No. 6 seed in the AFC, rather than San Diego. The stupidest officiating moment, Gene Steratore edition Steratore doesn't get mentioned here very often because he's a damn good referee. But Sunday night, he overlooked something that could have cost the Cowboys their season. The play clock operator mistakenly gave Dallas only 25 seconds, rather than 40, after a 34-yard completion to Jason Witten in the fourth quarter. It was obvious the Cowboys didn't have enough time, but Steratore blew the play dead when the clock hit zeros and gave them a five-yard delay-of-game penalty anyway. NBC's Cris Collinsworth and Al Michaels noticed immediately that something wasn't right, but nobody on Steratore's crew did. And the Cowboys never protested. Shockingly stupid. This actually happens quite frequently, but the officials almost always pick up on the miscue from the clock operator and pick up the flag. Not this time, and in a huge moment. Now, Dallas scored on the drive anyway and lost regardless, but this was a massive blunder that would have been criticized in a big way had it affected the outcome. The stupidest lapse in coverage, Bengals edition Someone tell the Ravens that A.J. Green is one of the five best receivers in football. The stupidest lapse in coverage, Bears edition It's 4th-and-8 with your season on the line, and you let this happen? The stupidest example of a lack of awareness How often do we see packs of players, or at least individuals, go ape$%#& in attempts to recovery fumbles that clearly weren't fumbles? The one damn time we get a fumble that is actually a fumble on a strange play, and nobody on either Chicago or Green Bay even makes an effort… That might have been the difference in what was the de facto NFC North championship game. The stupidest front-office decision Do Jimmy Haslem, Joe Banner, Michael Lombardi and everyone else running the Cleveland Browns really believe the team they put on the field in 2013 was any better than its 4-12 record? Did they expect more from a team that traded its 2012 No. 3 overall pick midseason, lacked a half-decent starting quarterback and was still rebuilding on both sides of the ball? I don't understand how an organization gives up on a head coach 352 days into his tenure, but the Browns did exactly that on Sunday night, firing Rob Chudzinski after a 4-12 season. That makes little sense to me, or anyone in the football world not named Haslem, Banner or Lombardi. In Lombardi's defense, he was named general manager after Chudzinski was hired last January. But really, that ass-backwards approach probably helped lead to this and only helps establish how stupid this entire organization is.
|home - login - register - about - sitemap| You must be logged in to rate materials, participate in discussions, and use the filing cabinet. Forgotten your password? Use our password form and we will send it to you within a few minutes. Not a member? Our one page registration form is fast, easy, and free. brought to you by the AAPT, and NSF-NSDL a member of the comPADRE Digital Library ©2003-2016, All Rights Reserved contact the Astronomy Center |about AstronomyCenter.org - terms - privacy - faq|
When & Where Rotary Club of Mountain View THE OBJECT OF ROTARY The Object of Rotary is to encourage and foster the ideal of service as a basis of worthy enterprise, and in particular encourage and foster: I. Development of acquaintance as an opportunity for service; II. High ethical standards in business and professions; the recognition of the worthiness of all useful occupation; and the dignifying by each Rotarian of his or her occupation as an opportunity to serve society; III. The application of the ideal of service by every Rotarian to his or her personal, business and community life; IV. Advancement of international understanding, good will and peace through a world fellowship of business and professional people united in the ideal of service.
Wyclef Jean has accused his former Fugees bandmate and ex-lover Lauryn Hill of misleading him about the paternity of her son with Rohan Marley. RELATED: Where Are They Now? '90s Rappers The couple was caught up in an affair at the height of their fame in the band despite Jean being married to Marie Claudinette at the time. Jean has previously hinted the romance was the catalyst for the group's split in 1997, but in his new memoir, titled "Purpose," he blames Hill for allegedly lying about the paternity of her child in a bid to convince him it was his and not Marley's. In an excerpt obtained by the New York Post, Jean writes, "In that moment something died between us. I was married and Lauryn and I were having an affair, but she led me to believe that the baby was mine, and I couldn't forgive that. "She could no longer be my muse. Our love spell was broken." RELATED: 'Sister Act': Where Are They Now? - Jul. 20, 2016 Miranda Kerr and Evan Spiegel are officially engaged
Tiers for talents Rather than limit talent choices by specialization, the new talent choices are based on specific options. For example, the first talent tier at level 15 is all based around Charge, which is becoming the fundamental travel ability of all three warrior specs in Mists. This approach, giving talents that are more universally broad in their application, has pros and cons. One of the things I find compelling about this approach is its ability to tailor talent choices to one's own playstyle. The three talent choices here, Juggernaut (a 12-second Charge instead of a 20-second cooldown), Double Time (allowing you to charge twice before the cooldown) and Warbringer (Charge now roots the target for 5 seconds) are all designed to make Charge function the way you want it to. I can imagine a use for any of these talents for whatever role you happen to be playing. The next tier, the survival talent tier, illustrates one of the cons to the current design in that some of these talent tiers are at this moment not as compelling as I'd like. Having Enraged Regeneration as a talent instead of a class ability is fine, but compared to Second Wind (which combines modern Second Wind with modern Blood Craze) and especially the version of Impending Victory, they're all self-heal abilities ... which is kind of bland. (I'm also trying to decide if I would rather have a 30% heal over 10 seconds or a 10% instant heal every 30 seconds, and I'm leaning towards the latter.) Granted, a self-heal is the easiest thing to justify, but a temporary immunity or even a variation of current abilities like Die by the Sword might have been good here, or a magic resistance ability for variety. The level 45 tier was called the CC tier at BlizzCon, but it's not really apt. The three talents listed are all fine talents. Throwdown and Piercing Howl work pretty much how you remember them, while Cripple effectively makes Hamstring apply by your Rend ticks and auto-attacks. There's nothing really wrong with these abilities, but they're not true CC. There's a 5-second stun and two snares, one an AoE, the other single-target but not requiring any effort to apply. It would have been nice for the CC tier to have an actual PvE-focused CC instead of three abilities mostly useful for PvP or kiting. Something as simple as an Impaling Throw that uses your weapon to root someone by pinning them to the ground or walls or something. I mean, we can silence people by throwing weapons at them -- why not? The upper tiers At level 60, we see three talents aimed at silence or interruption effects. Gag Order and Rude Interruption return more or less unchanged, joined by Disrupting Shout. Disrupting Shout is an AoE interrupt that hits everything in 10 yards and locks out any casting in the same school for 4 seconds. I like to call it what every PvP warrior has ever wanted. But it's also probably a solid option for tanks that prefer charging into a pack to trying to silence a caster on a pull. Meanwhile, the level 75 talents are all aimed around rage. We mentioned last week that Enrage effects will be purely about rage generation, and these three talents are all aimed at different ways to manage that. Deadly Calm will make HS and Cleave cost no rage. Death Wish will place you in an enraged state and also will increase your rage generation from damage taken. And Bull Rush will enrage you when you charge or intervene. With combat now more about rage-generation attacks that allow you to spend rage later, these abilities could serve either a tank who needs or wants more rage for the larger rage cost cooldowns like Shield Block as well as a DPSer. I'm still sad to see Death Wish go from a pure DPS cooldown in this fashion. Finally, at level 90 we get the big three talents, the iconic ones that deal damage and bring flavor to the class ... and two of them are talents you currently have and that you'll lose for five levels, which is kind of weird. I'm not opposed to Bladestorm and Shockwave being big-ticket talents, and I love Avatar, at least in theory. I like the stated goal of making each talent give you the feel of the blademaster, tauren chieftain or mountain king from WC III . That said, it's still strange to contemplate losing two of the most signature warrior talents in the current game for five levels once Mists drops. I do love the idea of being able to go arms and take Shockwave for a heavy add fight or Avatar for a single-target fight.What will these talents mean? Of course, it's too soon to know what the final forms of these tiered talents will be, although considering how far along the Mists talent calculator is, there's certainly been significant work done already. My misgivings on the survival and CC tiers aside, what I really do love about this talent scheme is the ability to take a talent spec based on what you want to do with it. It's easy to imagine an arms spec designed around messing with groups , and if we get the ability to switch talents on the fly (mentioned at BlizzCon), you could switch to a single-target spec for DPSing a boss I certainly feel that there are some odd artifacts of this redesign. There's not a lot of new here, which really isn't that surprising considering we're only going five levels. More difficult for me to grasp is the idea of having to wait five levels to get back talents I'm used to having a lot earlier. I'm spoiled by Shockwave tanking. Next week, leveling a warrior. At the center of the fury of battle stand the warriors: protection, arms and fury. Check out more strategies and tips especially for warriors, including Cataclysm 101 for DPS warriors, a guide to new reputation gear for warriors, and a look back at six years of warrior trends.
[obdgpslogger] Not reading OBDLink SX chunky at icculus.org Thu Mar 8 23:36:33 EST 2012 On Thu, Mar 08, 2012 at 03:19:20PM -0800, Josh Miller wrote: > I am running obdgpslogger 0.16 on a GlobalScale D2Plug (armv7) running ubuntu 10.04 using the Scantool.net OBDLink SX USB scanner with BU-353 GPS. Also, using a 2000 Dakota. > The GPS works great, using gpsd 2.92. > I'm not able to read OBD data using obdgpslogger, although I am able to read directly attaching to the serial device using screen: > # obdgpslogger -s /dev/obd -p -b 0 > Opening serial port /dev/obd, this can take a while > Baudrate guessing: 9600, 38400, 115200, 57600, 2400, 1200, Couldn't guess baudrate Try specifying baudrate 115200, as it works with screen below? > If I connect via screen, I can get something like the following: > screen /dev/obd 115200 > (get a prompt >) > send >ATZ > receive >LM327 v1.3a80 00 > And I can submit codes and get responses. > An strace on the above obdgpslogger command, doesn't appear to reveal anything interesting other than sending of the ATZ, ATE0, ATL0, ATS0 commands. > When issuing these AT commands from the screen interface, I get: > ATZ -> >LM327 v1.3a > ATE0 -> (no return) > Anybody see anything like this? Have any pointers for continuing to troubleshoot? There may be some unhappiness associated with the baudrate guesser. Try specifying 115200 explicitly? More information about the obdgpslogger
We determined the temporal dynamics of cambial activity and xylem cell differentiation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) within a dry inner Alpine valley (750 m asl, Tyrol, Austria), where radial growth is strongly limited by drought in spring. Repeated micro-sampling of the developing tree ring of mature trees was carried out during 2 contrasting years at two study plots that differ in soil water availability (xeric and dry-mesic site). In 2007, when air temperature at the beginning of the growing season in April exceeded the long-term mean by 6.4 °C, cambial cell division started in early April at both study plots. A delayed onset of cambial activity of c. 2 wk was found in 2008, when average climate conditions prevailed in spring, indicating that resumption of cambial cell division after winter dormancy is temperature-controlled. Cambial cell division consistently ended about the end of June/early July in both study years. Radial enlargement of tracheids started almost 3 wk earlier in 2007 compared with 2008 at both study plots. At the xeric site, the maximum rate of tracheid production in 2007 and 2008 was reached in early and mid-May, respectively, and c. 2 wk later, at the dry-mesic site. Since in both study years, more favorable growing conditions (i.e., an increase in soil water content) were recorded during summer, we suggest a strong sink competition for carbohydrates to mycorrhizal root and shoot growth. Wood formation stopped c. 4 wk earlier at the xeric compared with the dry-mesic site in both years, indicating a strong influence of drought stress on cell differentiation. This is supported by radial widths of earlywood cells, which were found to be significantly narrower at the xeric than at the dry-mesic site (P < 0.05). Repeated cellular analyses during the two growing seasons revealed that, although spatial variability in the dynamics and duration of cell differentiation processes in Pinus sylvestris exposed to drought is strongly influenced by water availability, the onset of cambial activity and cell differentiation is controlled by temperature.
Shred Agent Short Description: Protects privacy by secure wiping of sensitive files in the background mode Shred Agent Long Description: With the wider use of encryption systems, an attacker wishing to gain access to sensitive data is forced to look elsewhere for information. One way to attack is the recovery of supposedly erased data from hard disk or random-access memory. Shred Agent is designed to protect your privacy. When you delete files in Windows it is possible to undelete or recover them using different file recovery utilities. If you want to make sure that the file you delete cannot be restored by any means, Shred Agent is the right tool for you. To make sure nobody else has access to your private files, you might use some encryption software. But encryption is useless if the original plaintext can be recovered. Wiping is the process of writing some information directly into the space where the old file was located. Shred Agent works on hardware level, thus wiping the files completely, eliminating the possibility of ever recovering them. What makes it different from most file wiping utilities currently available on the market is the capability to control the wiping of files in the background. For example you can configure the corresponding filters to wipe temporary file created by office programs. If Shred Agent is installed on a server and a remote user is trying to delete a file from the "Include" list, Shred Agent will wipe the file via network. Shred Agent can be customized to suit just your needs. Configure filters to wipe only the files with certain extensions or belonging to a specific directory. Make sure Shred Agent is launched every time you switch on your computer. Record all the information about the files being wiped to a log file.
It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker. Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool. Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker. (visit the link for the full news article) SAO PAULO (AP) — Police say enraged spectators invaded a football field, stoned the referee to death and quartered his body after he stabbed a player to death. The Public Safety Department of the state of Maranhao says in a statement that it all started when referee Otavio da Silva expelled player Josenir Abreu from a game last weekend. The two got into a fist fight, then Silva took out a knife and stabbed Abreu, who died on his way to the hospital. Local news media say the spectators also decapitated Silva and stuck his head on a stake in the middle of the field.
|S E A R C H D V D B e a v e r| Trouble with the Curve [Blu-ray] (Robert Lorenz, 2012) Review by Gary Tooze Theatrical: Malpaso Productions Region: FREE! (as verified by the Momitsu region FREE Blu-ray player) Disc Size: 28,797,006,423 bytes Feature Size: 26,927,726,592 bytes Video Bitrate: 24.84 Mbps Case: Standard Blu-ray case Release date: December 18th, 2012 Aspect ratio: 2.35:1 Resolution: 1080p / 23.976 fps Video codec: MPEG-4 AVC Video DTS-HD Master Audio English 3577 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 3577 kbps / 24-bit (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 1509 kbps / 24-bit) Dolby Digital Audio French 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps / DN -4dB Dolby Digital Audio Portuguese 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps / DN -4dB Dolby Digital Audio Spanish 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps / DN -4dB English (SDH), French, Portuguese, Spanish, none •Behind the Scenes: Trouble with the Curve Rising Through the Ranks (4:37) •Behind the Scenes: Trouble with the Curve: For the Love of the Game (6:02) Description: Gus Lobel (Clint Eastwood) has been one of the best scouts in baseball for decades, but, despite his efforts to hide it, age is starting to catch up with him. Nevertheless, Gus-who can tell a pitch just by the crack of the bat-refuses to be benched for what may be the final innings of his career. He may not have a choice. The front office of the Atlanta Braves is starting to question his judgment, especially with the country's hottest batting phenom on deck for the draft. The one person who might be able to help is also the one person Gus would never ask: his daughter, Mickey (Amy Adams), an associate at a high-powered Atlanta law firm whose drive and ambition has put her on the fast track to becoming partner. Against her better judgment, and over Gus's objections, Mickey joins him on his latest scouting trip to North Carolina, jeopardizing her own career to save his. Clint Eastwood and a superb cast hit it out of the park in Trouble With The Curve, a great entertainment filled with heart, humor, family drama and fantastic acting. It's less a baseball flick, and more an engaging father/daughter relationship film that uses America's favorite pastime only as a bridge to get to the real heart of the matter. As an aging baseball scout battling failing vision, Eastwood must compete with computer programs and younger corporate know-it-alls, plus deal with a grown daughter (Amy Adams) who only wants his attention. This smart and extremely likeable outing has the veteran star right where he belongs and should draw his fans and beyond.Excerpt from Box Office.com located HERE Georgia to North Carolina in this sports drama produced and directed by frequent Eastwood collaborator Robert Lorenz. For decades, Gus Lobel (Eastwood) has been one of the best scouts in Major League Baseball. But these days his eyes just aren't what they used to be, and as a phenomenal young batter enters the draft, the owners of the Atlanta Braves cast a shadow of doubt over Gus' judgment. Meanwhile, his daughter Mickey ( Adams) is an aspiring partner at a major Atlanta law firm. In the wake of his wife's death, Gus sent Mickey away, and their relationship has been strained ever since. But she knows a thing or two about baseball, and recognizing that her father's job is in jeopardy, she decides to help him -- even at the risk of derailing her own career. Now, throwing caution to the wind (and ignoring her gruff father's objections), Mickey joins Gus for a scouting trip that could keep him in the game until he's ready to retire, as well as repair a father/daughter relationship that once seemed all but lost. Justin Timberlake, John Goodman, Robert Patrick, and Matthew Lillard co-star.Excerpt from MRQE located HERE Image : NOTE: The below Blu-ray captures were taken directly from the Blu-ray disc. Trouble With the Curve looks acceptable on Blu-ray from Warner. It has no flaws but the 1080P image lacks a certain identity to send it to the next level. There are a lot of outdoor scenes that look reasonably impressive. This sneaks into dual-layered territory with a supportive bitrate. Colors have a blue/teal leaning but contrast is adept. This Blu-ray has a consistent appearance. The baseball fields tend to look the most impressive and there is some depth. This Blu-ray isn't demo material but it gives a stong enough presentation to focus attention on the appealing story. CLICK EACH BLU-RAY CAPTURE TO SEE ALL IMAGES IN FULL 1920X1080 RESOLUTION The DTS-HD Master 5.1 at a whopping 3577 kbps easily handles what the film dishes out including some surround baseball sounds. Mostly dialogue with a few effects. Marco Beltrami is a busy guy - notable for The Hurt Locker and 3:10 to Yuma - and his score here suits the film and the baseball milieu. There are optional subtitles and my Momitsu has identified it as being a region FREE disc playable on Blu-ray machines worldwide. Just a couple of shortish 'Behind the Scenes' pieces. One on Rising Through the Ranks (5-minutes) focusing on director Robert Lorenz climb up the ladder and a second entitled For the Love of the Game running just over 6-minutes. December 12th, 2012 About the Reviewer: Hello, fellow Beavers! I have been interested in film since I viewed a Chaplin festival on PBS when I was around 9 years old. I credit DVD with expanding my horizons to fill an almost ravenous desire to seek out new film experiences. I currently own approximately 9500 DVDs and have reviewed over 5000 myself. I appreciate my discussion Listserv for furthering my film education and inspiring me to continue running DVDBeaver. Plus a healthy thanks to those who donate and use our Amazon links. Although I never wanted to become one of those guys who focused 'too much' on image and sound quality - I find HD is swiftly pushing me in that direction. Oppo Digital BDP-83 Universal Region FREE Blu-ray/SACD Gary W. Tooze ALL OUR NEW FORMAT DVD REVIEWS
Dubai sports cover an extraordinary spectrum, considering the desert location. Even, amazingly, a sizeable snow dome, with an even grander one planned. Dubai sports can mean anything from top golf courses, to dune bashing, horse and camel racing and more – Dubai is truly one of the world’s top leisure, sport and recreational destinations. Dubai spectator sports In Dubai, live sports enthusiasts are also well catered for, with highlights including the Dubai Tennis Open, the Dubai Desert Classic golf tournament, the fabulously fashionable Dubai World Cup, the richest horse race in the world. Then there is offshore power boat racing and of course the wildly popular Dubai Rugby Sevens.
Greenpeace Catches Palm Oil Giant Wilmar in Forest Scandal San Francisco, 21 October, 2013 - Household brands that source palm oil through Singapore-based palm oil trader Wilmar International, such as Mondelez (makers of Oreo cookies) and Procter & Gamble (makers of Gillette shaving products) are making consumers unwitting accomplices in the destruction of Indonesia’s forests, and pushing critically endangered species like the Sumatran tiger to the edge of extinction, revealed Greenpeace International today in new investigations. “Many people don’t realize there’s palm oil in all kinds of everyday products – from cookies to shampoo. So how would they know that Oreo cookies or Gillette shaving gel are actually linked to rainforest destruction?” Said Dr Amy Moas, Greenpeace Senior Forest Campaigner. “We have evidence that palm oil supplier Wilmar International, which sells to these household brands, sources from companies who are complicit in the destruction oftiger habitat. This must stop before Sumatran tigers go from endangered to extinct.” Greenpeace has evidence of trade by Wilmar with companies whose operations include illegal forest clearance and fires on peatland, like the ones that smothered Singapore in smog last summer. The report also documents harvests from illegal oil palm plantations within Tesso Nilo National Park – which is meant to be protected due to its unique plants and wildlife – that have previously been tracked to Wilmar’s own mills and continue to feed into Indonesia’s palm oil supply chain. Palm oil plantations are driving the destruction of Tesso Nilo National Park, of which only a quarter now remains, according to Greenpeace’s mapping analysis. Greenpeace’s investigations reveal that household names including Colgate Palmolive, Mondelez International, biofuels giant Neste Oil, Procter & Gamble and several other companies are purchasing dirty palm oil that is laundered onto the global market by Wilmar. Although Wilmar has undertaken to preserve high conservation value (HCV) forests and peatland on its own concessions, these areas supply less than 4% of the palm oil it trades and refines, with the remainder being produced by third-party suppliers. Wilmar has no proper systems in place to ensure traceability in their supply chains. The palm oil sector is the largest driver of deforestation in Indonesia and the vast majority of the forest cleared in identified oil palm concessions in Sumatra during 2009–2011 was tiger habitat. The plantation sector is the chief threat to Sumatran tigers, with up to 1 million hectares of prime tigerhabitat already allocated to concessions. “As the world’s biggest player in the palm oil sector, Wilmar has the power to transform the industry. Wilmar needs to commit to a no-deforestation policy, so that U.S. companies can be sure that they’re not contributing to rainforest destruction or the death of tigers in Indonesia.” Said Moas. Note to editor: - The report “Licence to Kill” can be viewed at: www.greenpeace.org/licencetokill Media contact / for Interviews with Dr. Amy Moas: Photos & News clipreel available at:
Good morning! It's Brittni from papernstitch with the week's top five craft projects to get your creative juices flowing. As usual, I am searching high and low for the best tutorials on the web. So break out your scissors and that sewing machine because it is time to diy... keep your stamps safe with a diy stamp collecting book create a crop top perfect for the warm summer months make your own diy boutique soap gifts paint the inside of glass jars (this idea never gets old in my mind) fold a map into a travel-inspired save the date About Brittni: She is the founder of the art + handmade exhibition site, papernstitch and is also the editor of a handmade blog, by the same name. When not working on papernstitch, she is dreaming up fun little tutorials and crafting projects for her home. If you love DIY as much as Brittni does, visit her free diy projects and tutorials section for more than sixty quick and easy projects.
Mostly Credited As: Dylan Minnette Birth Name: Dylan Christopher Minnette Date Of Birth: December 29, 1996 (Age 19) Country Of Birth: USA Birth Place: Evansville, Indiana Height: 5' 8" (1.72 m) Dylan Minnette is an American actor, and was born on December 29, 1996 in Evansville, Indiana. Minnette's first high profile role was as Holly Hunter's nephew Clay on the TNT drama Saving Grace. Prior to that, he played the young version of lead character Michael Scofield on five episodes of FOX's Prison Break. In 2010, he played Jack Shephard's son David in the sideways timeline of the final season of Lost. In 2012, he portrayed Det. Michael Britten's son Rex on the short lived but critically acclaimed NBC drama Awake. Other credits include Two And A Half Men, Ghost Whisperer, Rules Of Engagement, The Mentalist, Supernatural, Let Me In, Medium, Lie To Me, Men Of A Certain Age, and Law & Order: SVU.
About the Book Deep down in the ocean, strange things happen, acts of love that are unfamiliar to the human eye: Anchovies mate in large orgies; shrimp strip down to get in the mood; starfish can do it two different ways; whales fight to make love. Inspired by the wonderfully odd and humorous short films created by Isabella Rossellini and released on DVD for the first time, Green Porno offers a visually arresting and scientifically accurate look at the sex lives of marine animals and other creatures. This book will make you see the animal kingdom as you never have before. - ISBN: 9780061959509 - ISBN 10: 0061959502 - Imprint: HarperStudio - On Sale: 09/22/2009 - Pages: 176 - List Price: 6.99 USD - BISAC1: ART / Popular Culture - BISAC2: SOCIAL SCIENCE / Popular Culture - BISAC3: PERFORMING ARTS / Film & Video / General
Scramble Squares - Cats |Object||Match the tiles to make a square| |Difficulty||Level 9 - Gruelling| |Brand||B. Dazzle Inc.| |Dimensions||12 in x 12 in when assembled| |Packaging||Plastic Zipper Pouch| The object of the Scramble Squares® puzzle game is to arrange the nine colorfully illustrated square pieces into a 12" x 12" square so that the realistic graphics on the pieces' edges match perfectly to form a completed design in every direction. The full 9-piece puzzle creates an enormous number of possible combinations in a 3 piece x 3 piece pattern, but only one possible solution! The package features an educational panel of information on the subject matter of the puzzle along with a trivia question. A great puzzle for ages 4 to 104! Puzzle art by Jeff Maraska Customer Reviews |Write your own review! This item has yet to be rated
Three years ago at age 39, Rob* was diagnosed with Hodgkin’s disease. Fortunately, it was detected in the early stages and was aggressively treated with chemotherapy and radiation. He continues to get good reports at his follow-up visits and has returned to his active lifestyle with his wife and four children. Rob is in sales, and enjoys biking, hiking, and just being outdoors. What was your first sign that something was wrong? What symptoms did you experience? I was driving in my car when a bug flew in the window and hit me on the neck. As I brushed it away, I felt a bump. Another thing was that I was always so exhausted. However, the tiredness was such a gradual thing; I didn’t really associate it with something being wrong. For two years I had a rash in the middle of my chest that I thought was just dry skin. I didn’t realize these were warning signs for what turned out to be Hodgkin’s disease. What was the diagnosis experience like? I went to my family doctor first about the bump on my neck. He looked at it and said it was unusual, but wanted to give it a week or two. It didn’t go away, so he referred me to a general surgeon to have it biopsied. The biopsy came back indicating it was Hodgkin’s. The bump was a lymph node that was very close to the surface. The cancer was classified as a 2A (1A being the best and 4D being the worst). What was your initial and then longer-term reaction to the diagnosis? Initially, you think the world is coming to an end. I guess I was nervous, and there was a little bit of fear there. It was hard to believe this was really happening to me. But once we got further into it, I learned that the type of cancer I had was actually considered curable. So I realized that it wasn't so bad. Had I let it go, it could have killed me. How is Hodgkin’s disease treated? First I went through 4 months of chemotherapy—eight cycles going every other week. The chemo I was given was fairly strong, so I took medication to boost my immune system. I also took medication for heartburn, which was a side effect of the chemotherapy. The side effects of the chemotherapy seemed to get progressively worse. I would feel worse for a longer period of time. By the time I had my last chemo treatment, it would really take my energy away. I would be in bed for 2–3 days following the treatment. One of the drugs I was taking affected my lungs. I would have periods of time where I couldn't catch my breath. They took me off of it for the last two treatments. Then I had six weeks of radiation after that—going five days a week. I've been doing three-month follow-up visits for the first two years, and then six-month follow-up visits this past year. They do a CAT scan and a full exam. After this year, they'll just do an annual check to be sure everything is okay. Other than that, I don't really have to do anything for treatment. Did you have to make any lifestyle or dietary changes in response to having Hodgkin’s disease? As far as dietary changes, we are much more aware of cleaning fresh vegetables and fruits before we eat them. We soak all our vegetables in a solution to help remove the pesticides. You can see the stuff coming out of the vegetables when you do that. There's usually a film that surfaces at the top of the water. I eat more organic foods and health foods than I did before. I guess the biggest change is that I drink more water. I just try to eat a balanced diet. I don't want to be a fanatic. We have always exercised, so I can't really say that's a change. I don't know if this is a lifestyle change, but I think I'm more aware of people who go through something like this. I feel more empathy for them than I used to before my diagnosis. It has also caused me to do a lot more evaluation of my life and my future. Did you seek any type of emotional support? My family was real supportive. They were always there for me. I've been blessed with a family that really loves me. Also, my faith in God grew leaps and bounds. It is a very humbling experience, because you aren't in control and you don't know what’s going on with you. It was a great peace to know that my life was in God’s hands. I can't imagine going through it without my family and my faith. There was also a group in town called, “Ribbon of Hope.” They are a support group for people diagnosed with cancer. They called me one day and wanted to know if it was okay for them to come to my house to visit. They came over and talked to me about how I was handling the diagnosis, treatment, and just dealing with having cancer. They invited me to the meetings, but I never ended up going. I guess I felt that I had the support I needed, but if I didn’t, I'm sure I would have gone. It seemed like a really great organization. I've told several other people about it. Does having Hodgkin’s disease have an impact on your family? I think my wife and kids were real fearful that they might lose me. We spend more time together than we did before. My wife said the treatments had an impact on my emotions, but I didn’t really realize that. My wife has been a real trooper. What advice would you give to anyone living with Hodgkin’s disease? I would suggest that they make God a priority in their life. Second, I would suggest that they get a support system to help them get through it. It just helps to talk to other people who understand. *Not his real name Interviews were conducted in the past and may not reflect current standards and practices in medicine. Talk to your doctor to learn more about how this condition is diagnosed and managed today and what treatment approaches are right for you.
Baby Name Poll Results girl names that begin vs. with letter K What are your favorite girl names that begin with letter K whether classic names or unique. (Also if you know the meaning of the name could you put that too? Thanks The Top Baby Name is... |Girl names That begin||0% (0 votes)| |With letter k||0% (0 votes)| Post a Comment:Please keep your comments positive and helpful. Even if you don't like the names. Thanks! For all baby name poll questions, complaints, or improvements
You are hereAbout the website About the website - Nicu Done - Dragoş Michnea - Rareş Pamfil This website is built on Drupal. Theme design by fireflystream.com. Released under GPL license. Slideshows contributed by Nicu Done and Patricia Florescu. About Romania section: fragments of text and pictures sourced from Wikipedia. The Harvard name and/or VERITAS shield are trademarks of the President and Fellows of Harvard College and are used by permission of Harvard University.
Simona Halep's remarkable run continued as she crushed Wimbledon specialist Sabine Lisicki to reach her first semi-final at the All England Club. This time last year, Halep had not been past the second round at a grand slam but she made the quarter-finals in Australia, pushed Maria Sharapova all the way in a terrific French Open final and is a real contender for a first title here. Lisicki, beaten by Marion Bartoli in last year's final, always reserves her best form for Wimbledon but after a great start the match went away from her very quickly as third seed Halep triumphed 6-4 6-0. Eugenie Bouchard awaits her in the final four. In her third-round win over Yaroslava Shvedova, Lisicki had taken a controversial medical time-out at break point down early in the third set for treatment to her shoulder. There was no sign of any physical trouble for the German on Centre Court as she opened up a 4-1 lead but, once Halep adjusted to the pace of the match, the Romanian began to turn things around. She broke back in the seventh game and clinched the set, and her fifth game in a row, with a forehand winner. Things might have been different had Lisicki taken one of several chances to hold serve at the start of the second set but she did not and from there Halep raced to victory. The 22-year-old won the final 11 games of the match and needed just 57 minutes to make the last four. She said: "It was a good match. I had a slow start today and she had 4-1, but I came back very well. "I played my best tennis and I was enjoying every moment, it was incredible on Centre Court. I'm really happy I could win in two sets because tomorrow I want to be ready to have a good match again." Halep is the highest seed left in the tournament, which was opened up further by Sharapova's exit on Tuesday. Halep insisted she is not worried by the expectations on her shoulders, saying: "It was the same at the French Open, so now I have experience. I don't have pressure, just want to enjoy it and play the best that I can."
Protests and marches broke out across the country after a Sanford, Fla., jury acquitted George Zimmerman of murder in the killing of Trayvon Martin Saturday night, continuing well into Sunday. In California, where memory of the Rodney King riots two decades ago loomed heavily over the city's demonstrations, protesters clashed with police and several arrests were made. While Los Angeles protests remained largely peaceful, police said, several "splinter groups" have been more aggressive and the LAPD called a citywide tactical alert. Officers declared unlawful assembly shortly after midnight Monday after about 80 people gathered in front of the CNN building in Hollywood, chanting "No justice, no peace" and carrying signs. At Washington Boulevard and 10th Avenue, demonstrators threw rocks and D-cell batteries at cops. Police made at least seven arrests and dispersed the crowd, some even firing rubber bullets and bean bags. No arrests were made, and none of the protesters was hurt, when a crowd blocked the 10 Freeway at Crenshaw Boulevard, jamming traffic for more than 20 minutes as they marched down the highway. In Oakland, protestors vandalized businesses downtown, while police in riot gear watched over San Francisco demonstrations but made no arrests. Oakland Mayor Jean Quan said the protestor's actions "dishonored the memory" of Trayvon Martin by their actions. “Oakland is a community that grapples with many of these issues,” Quan said. “I know many of us are living with hard emotions as we continue working toward solutions in the wake of the verdict.” Marchers spray-painted anti-police slogans on buildings and businesses, lit garbage cans on fire and smashed windows, said police spokeswoman Johnna Watson, but no arrests were made.
Love Children on a Spanish picture sleeve (which I do not own…) Listen/Download – Love Children – Paper Chase I hope everyone had a chance to dig into Episode 6 of the Iron Leg Radio Show. As always, if you haven’t downloaded, it will still be available in the archive (see the tab in the header). The song I bring you today is something from the lighter side of the Deram popsike merry-go-round. I first heard Love Children doing ’Paper Chase’ back in the old garage mod days when it appeared on one of the British Psychedelic Trip comps. Though I don’t know much about the group, I can say with certainty that they recorded two 45s for Deram in 1969 and 1970. ‘Paper Chase’ was the second of their records and the late date of its release goes some distance in explaining why the popsike whimsy seems to be drifting into a slightly bubblegummy side street, or at least what was passing for bubblegum over in the UK. That said, it is indeed a very groovy side with the electric sitar touches, electric piano and the strings and the harmony vocals. What ‘Paper Chase’ manages to do is illustrate the rather prominent vein of pure pop running straight through from the beat era into the early 70s. The only differences along that particular timeline being certain, time-specific flourishes, whether it be phasing, pocket trumpet (a la the Beatles), backward tape or what have you. Oddly enough, the flip side is a weird, slightly heavier novelty called ‘My Turkey Snuffed It’ which opens with a nice, tight drum break and features some cool guitar. It also features a variety of irritating sound effects and lame lyrics, which is probably why it languished on the b-side (and in obscurity). I hope you dig the tune, and I’ll see you all next week.
Med en “lånt” cykel jeg op fra min fætter Mortens lejlighed på Nordre Fasanvej og gjort den velkendte venstre på Mariendalsvej, der ville tage mig til Centrum. Øjebliket jeg ramte fortovet, følte jeg en utrolig følelse, som jeg ikke havde følt i lang tid … jeg var konge af vejen igen. Nå, ligesom alle andre dansker. Mariendalsvej bliver til Ågade, Åboulevard, og derefter Gyldenløvesgade, og kører over vandet, indtil du begynder på HC Andersen Boulevard. Med vinden i ryggen skyde mig over vandet, var jeg overvældet. Min lille genvej er at drejer til venstre på Hammerichsgade, højre på Jarmers Plads til Sankt Peders Stræde, højre til Nørregade, og derefter venstre på Skindergade indtil jeg ankommer på Strøget. Jeg plejer at gå min cykel til springvandet hvis jeg møde nogen, spise, eller gå shopping. Som jeg parkeret nær springvandet følte jeg noget andet velkendt, helt sikkert noget, at hver New Yorker føler … at jeg var på et tidspunkt i midten af verden. I had the chance to take two junkets to Copenhagen to visit my cousin this Year and had, as always, the time of my life. I wrote above about the borrowed bicycle waiting for me and my nostalgic, familiar trip into the City Center. Having not been back to my second home in a while, I was not only overcome with joy from being back on a bicycle in Copenhagen, but also with a sense of calm, inspired determination from being “the king of the road” on that bicycle on that road. Biking in most other cities is not quite the same, and not just because they don’t have the infrastructure. The culture of being accepted on a bicycle, let alone being possibly the most preferenced mode of transportation, is unusual, and I would argue that infrastructure is secondary to this culture. This is what makes cycling in a city truly great (though bike lanes don’t hurt). Cycling in Copenhagen also produces perhaps the most “local” experience. Everyone cycles, so drivers, straphangers (metro users), and even walkers experience the city in a manner largely unlike a Copenhagener. As a fake local, I rarely have any other experience than on my bicycle, but I won’t forget the few hours I spent one day walking with a friend, and how different the experience was, of such familiar places to me. I felt like a tourist, and I hated it! How very un-Danish, one might argue. On the flip-side, for some reason I also biked around Amelienborg for the first time (it seems that I’ve always walked the area), and that experience was all the more dissimilar, and very special. Thinking of the distinctions in the development of cycling systems between Copenhagen and New York, the latter of which notably has been fomented by the growth of Citibike – infrastructure in NYC is paramount to this development, as we do not HAVE a cycling culture, let alone yellow cab, UberX, or suburban drivers who yield to cyclists on a given avenue (though Via drivers are mostly very polite). From the limited history of cycling in Copenhagen that I know, it was the *culture* that drove the infrastructure. In New York, we have needed and will continue to need infrastructure to give rise to such a culture, a culture of truly sharing the road. Exactly the reverse process. Thankfully, over the course of this year (nicely summed up in this older article Citi Bike to Begin Service in Queens and Expand Service in Brooklyn and Manhattan ), we began to seriously expand in the Outer Boroughs, including building 79 new stations in Brooklyn and 12 new stations in Long Island City (Queens). Having worked for the New York State Department of Transportation on highway engineering and planning in Long Island City, I can confirm that the neighborhood, exploding with commercial, retail, and residential growth, will substantially benefit from the Citibike option, particularly as Manhattanites begin to commute there more and more, and vice-versa. Indeed, the Outer Boroughs are the next frontier in NYC’s cycling infrastructure expansion…though far from the final. Just as it’s a bit of a schlep to cycle to Papierun to grab dinner in Copenhagen, it’s even more difficult to get to Main Street in Flushing for the same *exotic* fare. This is quickly changing, though. By 2017 the system hopes to have 12,000 more bicycles in action all over New York City. Perhaps bike sharing, as I’ve noted in earlier posts, as a “gateway drug” for cycling in the United States is morphing into a more substantive piece of infrastructure in its own right. This is obviously quite distinct from what went on in Copenhagen. More importantly, even, it is fomenting the growth of a cycling culture beyond that of the participants in the Tour de France (or Bronx, for that matter). Indeed, Brooklyn Borough President Eric L. Adams proclaimed to constituents this year that “bike riding is more than recreation…it is daily transportation for an increasing number of commuters…” affirming even in the public rhetoric the robustness of this growing culture. While I may have thought, from a (fake) Copenhagener’s perspective, that bike sharing was incapable of doing much for sharing the road, perhaps bike share programs like Citibike all over the Nation (there are hundreds…) is the most substantive answer to growing our commuter cycling culture, at least in urban areas. The road and regulatory infrastructure still needs to catch up, but if culture leads, it all won’t be far behind.
I love doing these mezzotints with multiple speakers (the last one was the Shakespeare scene with da sord). Note the Biblical reference! Friday, July 10, 2009 Thursday, July 9, 2009 Wednesday, July 8, 2009 Tuesday, July 7, 2009 Monday, July 6, 2009 Did you guys miss me? I hope my sudden decision to peace out for a week didn't offend anybody. Anyway, here is something fresh for your Monday morning...looking at the fresco cycle this is from (the Renunciation of Worldly Goods probably being the most famous), I could probably spend all week with Giotto, but, eh. One is probably enough. Here is St. Francis upstaging his own monks at a party for Jesus! (Giotto di Bondone, Ecstasy of St. Francis, 1297-1300)
QR code readers are available for many popular mobile platforms Russian VXers have begun using obnoxious barcode-on-steroids QR codes as a launchpad for mobile malware. A recently identified malicious Quick Response code on a Russian website links through a series of redirections to a site punting a Trojan version of the Jimm mobile ICQ client. Android users who follow the links and install … And that is why you should always check whether applications do not request funny permissions. Also, it's a good idea to install LBE Security Guard. This way, you can still install these applications, but only allow them access to the things you want to get to. 'Help, help, I'm under attag' That made me larf. to print with dodgy QR codes and hijack some advertising posters. While it might not get quite the same uptake as breaking into a mainstream website and inserting malicious code or appropriate protest messages, would it not be somewhat easier simply to stick replacement dodgy codes over the official ones on advertising posters in well attended areas and wait for people to blindly scan them? (V mask, obviously!) To print some "goatse" or "bluewaffle" tags? (warning : don't google those at work. Nor at home. Nor anywhere if you value your sanity.) An attacker could easily print up a poster for a band, a store or whatever is popular that advertises a free app that will send you special offers and giveaways via SMS and show you the latest deals or news. Or a cheaper way would be to get some printable sticker sheets and place the phoney QR code over legitimate ones. The shopping mall where I live already has QR tags all over the place and I wouldn't be surprised if some of them where booby-trapped given the large population of security researchers. SO it's exactly the same risk/reward trade off as typing a random server URL from an advert into your phone. No. A server URL is human-readable, so if it ends in disney.com, for example, you can decide how much you trust Disney. If a Disney advert has a dodgy-looking URL, you can figure it maybe isn't really Disney. With the barcodes you have no idea where they'll take you so you don't know who you are trusting, and you can't tell if the barcode doesn't match the advert. with the difference that if I'm looking up info on a product made by Brand X, I can feel fairly safe if the URL starts with X.com Of course, no guarantees just like everything else, however I would prefer if at least the phone had the option to read the tag and show the URL on the screen WITHOUT connecting to it. Some apps do indeed have this feature. I use the Kaywa mobile reader. It's available for several platforms. I am not affiliated with them in any way. as a Winpho7 user, I haven't found a QR app that actually works Or any other non-M$ app for that matter, eh ? ;-) I guess the reason is M$ are pushing thier own QR equiv which had colors and common shapes like triangles etc. I think the problem was it didn't have good error correction, was costlier to print (in color) and was harder to spot in colored posted with triangles and squares! ...those stupid link shorteners in their scamtastic properties? "Ooh, shit.ly sounds so cool! Everything-ly makes me sound so distant and yet cool at the same time! Let's start posting links that stop working and rely on some iffy domain registry everywhere on the interwebs!" "..apart from the fact users might be more trusting about a non-human-readable QR code than a conventional URL." Yes. Sad but true. People are often more trusting about something they CAN'T READ to verify for themselves than about something they can. Some of us are very smart. On average, though, we are really damned stupid. I saw some of these square things pop up on /b/ pretty much as soon as they became used; never checked where these were leading, but somewhere at least a tiny bit nasty, I'd guess. Sweet. I'm gonna print up some QR codes that point to lemonparty and stick them on the tube Found two in the wild already. In Vancouver, one stuck to the wall of the City Centre subway station, "Win a fantastic iPad 2" with a QR code - that points to an unrecognizable URL. Another one under a wiper, "Pizza Hut - Win your Pizza" asking me to download a getmobio app then scan the QR code to order the pizza - but the URL is also unrecognizable. The first one is a scam, the second one may be legitimate, but I don't trust either.
I brought my video camera along with to bring you the sights and sounds of the first NCAA Division 1 lacrosse game in Forsyth Country, NC. FYI: If you are a Bucknell fan and went to the game, odds are you sat near me. If you are a Jacksonville fan and attended the game, very unlikely that you sat next to me. Garrett Swaim: your family is loud. In a good way. Here’s the setting: I rolled into Nancy K. Shea Stadium on the campus of Forsyth Country Day School. I was hoping to get there earlier for the high school game between the host FCDS and my alma mater, R.J. Reynolds HS. Instead, I arrived a bit too late, only to see the scoreboard indicating a 10-4 RJR win. Picking out a seat was easy, as the crowd hadn’t shown up yet. Top row. Middle. Right next to the aforementioned Garrett Swaim’s family. On the other side of me was the whole Bucknell contingent. All great fans. I left the game quite impressed with Jacksonville. Aside from their nonexistent first quarter, they played fairly solid. Coach Kerwick made some great adjustments at the half on defense and the Bison only picked up a few garbage goals. Bucknell just happened to be the better team today. Don’t sleep on Jacksonville. At all. Mark my words, they will become in NCAA tournament mainstay in no time. Game recap from Lacrosse Magazine: No. 18 Bucknell Downs Jacksonville in Carolina from press release WINSTON SALEM, N.C. – The JU men’s lacrosse team dug itself an early hole and could never dig out in a 17-8 loss to No. 18 Bucknell. The Dolphins gave up the game’s first seven goals, spanning through the first 18 minutes, and pulled within four goals but could never get any closer. The Dolphins were led by freshman attackman TJ Kenary with four goals and one assist while sophomore midfielder Jeremy Tissenbaum scored twice for JU. Senior goalie Brad Hester played all 60 minutes and made 15 saves. The Bison were led by strong performances from Charlie Streep (4,3) and Austin Winter (4,2) while goalie Kyle Feeney picked up the win, making seven saves. Bucknell dynamic stretching: Jacksonville entrance to Jay-Z: Captain’s Meeting and opening face: Later in the game: Last 5 mins Part 1: Last 5 mins Part 2: About the Author: The Lax picked up his first stick when he stepped on campus at MCLA D2 school UNC Charlotte. After taking a short break, he returned to the field for independent UNCG. The Lax enjoys flowers, pictures of unicorns, long walks on the beach, and above all else, beating people with his D-Pole.
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Cheats - Xbox 360 Primary Collection of Cheats Go to "EA Sports Extras" > "Passwords" screen and enter one of the following CASE-SENSITIVE codes for the desired result: greensfees - Unlock all courses CLEVELAND - Cleveland Golf-related items unlocked ALLSTARS - Unlock all golfers GUYSAREGOOD - Precept-related items unlocked INTHEGAME - EA-related items unlocked JANNARD - Oakley-related items unlocked JLINDBERG - J. Lindberg-related items unlocked JUSTDOIT - Nike-related items unlocked JUSTSHAFTS - Grafalloy-related items unlocked LIGHTNING - PGA Tour-related items unlocked MACTEC - MacGergor-related items unlocked MRADAMS - Taylormade-related items unlocked NOTJUSTTIRES - Bridgestone-related items unlocked RIHACHINRIZO - Mizuno-related items unlocked SHOJIRO - Bridgestone-related items unlocked SNAKEKING - Cobra-related items unlocked SOLHEIM - Ping-related items unlocked TENGALLONHAT - Members of crowd have big heads THREESTRIPES - Buick-related items unlocked CREAM - Unlimited Money PLAYFIFA08 - Unlock Wayne Rooney Complete each achievement to get the allotted gamerscore: Ace Seeker (30) - Make a Hole in One. Afraid of the Dark (20) - Land the ball inches from the hole. All in the Family (35) - Complete a full 18 Hole round of each Traditional game mode using the same Original Golfer. Anchor Man (10) - Create and Play a 4-player Online Match. Big Spender (15) - Spend $5000 at the Pro Shop. Bomb Away! (30) - Drive your tee shot more than 350 yards. Buick Clubhouse Ambassador (25) - Beat Erika Von Severin in Tiger Challenge. Buick Clubhouse Member (10) - Beat Danny Wheeler in Tiger Challenge. Collector (20) - Buy 25 items at the Pro Shop. EA SPORTS™ GamerNet 1000 (35) - Obtain 1000 Producer Points on EA SPORTS™ GamerNet. EA SPORTS™ GamerNet 5000 (75) - Obtain 5000 Producer Points on EA SPORTS™ GamerNet. Egg on the Dance Floor (20) - Successfully putt 75ft or more without using the putt preview line. FedEx Delivery (75) - Win the FedExCup. Gold Card Membership (75) - Complete 100% Tiger Challenge Gold. In the Hunt (30) - Rank in the top 5 of any offline tournament. In The Zone (50) - Win any offline tournament. King of the Jungle (75) - Beat Tiger in Tiger Challenge. Major General (75) - Win all 4 Majors. Mini-Golf (20) - Complete each Mini game using the same Original Golfer. Old School (20) - Play an entire round offline using the 3-Click feature. On Fire (30) - Finish a round with a score of -10 on TOUR PRO using an Original Golfer. Pole Dancer (20) - Hit the flag pole. Reality Star (35) - Play and beat a challenge in each of the Free Style, Long Drive, 9 and 18 Hole Showdown channels. Scrambler (20) - Rank in the top 10 of any offline tournament. Tiger Coin-Op (20) - Complete a full 18 Hole round of each Arcade game mode using the same Original Golfer. Viva Las Villegas! (20) - Beat Villegas in Tiger Challenge. Weekend Warrior (30) - Complete 100% Tiger Challenge Bronze. XX (10) - Create a female golfer using Photo Game Face. XY (10) - Create a male golfer using Photo Game Face. You Da Man! (50) - Complete 100% Tiger Challenge Silver. Zapper (10) - Post in each of the Free Style, Long Drive, 9 Hole Showdown, and 18 Hole Showdown channels.
Daily Telegraph, April 3rd 2006, p.1 A drop in qualified staff appears inevitable as leaked documents suggest reduction by a third, with qualified nurses replaced by unqualified staff. While NHS Direct attracts millions of calls, website visitors and digital television viewers, seventy per cent of enquiries are passed back to the commissioning care trusts according to critics. Daily Telegraph, March 28th 2006, p.16 Reflecting on similarities between problems in healthcare for the young and old now and twenty years ago, the author asks about moral, ethical and personal perspectives in deciding how to prioritise health funding. Guardian, April 19th 2006, p.1 The parliamentary Health Select Committee is preparing to inquire into how NHS trusts acquired deficits despite extra funding. The article provides comments on costs and the progress of the reform programme. Financial Times, April 13th 2006, p.4 Tony Blair was warned at a Downing Street summit with local health heads that clearing the NHS deficit may take more than a year. Further job losses are anticipated as are cutting agency workers and shifting care outside hospitals as heavily indebted trusts seek cost saving measures. The article also touches on a think tank report’s assertion that moving care away from hospitals will result in ten per cent job losses. [See also Daily Telegraph, April 13th 2006, p.6; Times, April 13th 2006, p.4; Guardian, April 13th 2006; p.7; Independent, April 13th 2006, p.5] Financial Times, April 21st 2006, p.4 Poor and delayed NHS procurement procedures are adding £2.4m to the cost of PFI hospitals according to the Confederation of British Industry. The article looks at the process and provides comments. N. Hawkes & G. Hurst Times, April 18th 2006, p.2 “Vital specialist paediatric capacity” is threatened by an insensitive tariff which leaves four children’s hospitals with a £22m shortfall in income. The situation was revealed by a letter from the hospitals’ heads, and supports criticisms of the national tariff’s lack of sophistication. [See also Daily Telegraph, April 18th 2006, p.4; Guardian, April 18th 2006, p. 13] Public Finance. March 24th-30th 2006, p.20-23 Part of the blame for the current financial crisis in the NHS has been laid at the door of the new payment by results system. The author argues that payment by results should in the long run lead to efficiency gains and greater transparency in NHS management. Problems are to be expected in the implementation phase until the new system settles down. These include difficulties with calculating the national tariff, problems for trusts adjusting to a single national price for treatments, and perverse financial incentives for hospitals to do unnecessary work. Guardian, April 3rd 2006, p.1 Challenging the free at point of service stance, and calling for an urgent multiparty review of health policy, the “Doctors for Reform” pressure group claims that a service funded only by taxes will result in rationing and fail to meet patient expectations. The group which finds disillusionment with the current NHS system among voters, proposes an insurance-based alternative. [See also Independent, April 3rd 2006, p.6; Times, Monday April 3rd 2006 p.2] Financial Times, April 19th 2006, p. 15 The lack of an adequate commercial costing system half way through the implementation of “payment by results”, and conflicting policy directions underlie the current NHS deficits according to Darwall who asks whether internal markets can work, and whether Whitehall has the policy design capacity, and implementation skills needed for change on the scale required for NHS reform. The article looks at inaccurate data, management skills and alignment of incentives with efficiency. Health Service Journal, vol.116, Apr. 13th 2006, p.5-7 Reports on plans to achieve financial balance in the NHS in London. These include draconian measures to save money by reducing the number of referrals of patients for hospital treatment. GP decisions could be overruled by PCT referral panels. N. Hawkes & D. Charter Times, April 12th 2006, p.8 Cuts to the annual spend on drugs and temporary staff are proposed by the new NHS chief as a think tank report predicts 100, 000 job losses following reforms. The article looks at training and recruitment levels. [See also Guardian, April 12th 2006 p. 8] Financial Times, April 19th 2006, p.4 Given the discounts that pharmacists obtain from wholesalers and manufacturers of generic drugs, analysis finds the NHS paying up to 78% over the source price. Generic drugs account for 80% of NHS prescriptions while prescriptions overall make up 11% of the NHS budget according to the article. N. Timmins & J. Burns Financial Times, March 31st 2006, p.4 Although pay awards will be phased in for the NHS and other public services, the cost of the rises will consume almost a third of the extra money allocated to the NHS. The article provides comments from representative bodies including the British Medical Association which has described the awards, which will raise health workers’ pay by between 2 and 2.5 per cent, as “vindictive” and likely to alienate the profession. [See also Times, March 31st 2006 p.26; Guardian, March 31st 2006 p. 7] Health Service Journal, vol.116, Apr. 6th 2006, p.14-15 Article reports on a study of the early rollout of the payment by results system in South Yorkshire, where all acute trusts had achieved foundation status by June 2005. The study found that primary care trusts had too little control over hospital activity. Although a wide range of local initiatives had been put in place to try and control activity levels, no overall strategy has been developed to address demand pressures. At the same time, the hospitals had financial incentives to increase activity, and were also beginning to stop running unprofitable services. London: TSO, 2006 (Cm 6752) Key recommendations and conclusions of the Review Body are: 1) an increase in the Agenda for Change pay rates of 2.5 per cent from 1 April 2006; and 2) and increase of 2.5% in the existing minimum and maximum High Cost Area Supplements for Inner London, Outer London and the Fringe. The Review Body also recommends that the health departments ensure that a comprehensive survey is conducted annually to identify the earnings of the remit groups and their location within pay bands. London: TSO, 2006 (Cm 6733) The Review Body took into account the following economic and general considerations: 1) that the health departments were critically concerned about the affordability of the uplift; 2) the continued growth in the number of medical and dental staff in the Hospital and Community Health Service; and 3) that the latest NHS Staff Survey for 2004 showed some improvements in terms of staff satisfaction. The Review Body stated that doctors such as consultants and GPs have benefited financially from new contracts and the pay of doctors compares well with comparator groups. Analysis of figures from the Office of National Statistics indicates that doctors' pay has increased at a much faster rate than the average for high earners in the economy. The Review Body stated that there was no indication that there was a problem in recruiting in London, so there was no reason to increase London weighting Times, April 4th 2006, p.18 The question of which services should remain in a tax-funded core and which are appropriate for co-payment should be the focus of a multi party review of NHS aspirations according to Sikora of Doctors for Reform. Dropping failing areas like provision of hearing aids from the NHS would allow for a modern, innovative system based on insurance and co-payments, while increased rationing would decrease equity as the wealthy could queue jump by going private. J. Carvel and W. Woodward Guardian, March 24th 2006, p.1 Guardian figures show 4000 NHS job losses in the previous fortnight including 700 announced in Prime Minister Blair’s constituency. The Shadow Health Secretary has accused the government of allowing the NHS to sink under financial pressures and Chancellor Gordon Brown of ignoring the NHS in his budget. Plans for dealing with deficits have been submitted to the Healthy Department. [See also Times, March 24th2006 p.28; Independent, March 24th 2006 p.11; Daily Telegraph, March 24th 2006, p.8] Health Service Journal, vol.116, Apr.6th 2006, p.5Money intended public health improvement has instead been spent on NHS staff salary hikes which far exceeded the recommendations of the 2002 Wanless report. The report set out a vision of a “fully engaged” scenario in which people took control of their own health care. Achieving this scenario would require increased productivity, better health improvement services and action to tackle the wider determinants of ill health. In order to support this staff pay rises of 2% per year over 20 years were recommended. Instead, the Department of Health agreed immediate large salary increases under the new GP and consultant contracts and the Agenda for Change programme.
Tiara Malcom, a record-setting forward and one of the top women’s basketball players in University of Delaware history, concluded her ninth season as an assistant coach with her alma mater in 2014-15. Following the season, she was hired as an assistant coach at FIU. With the Blue Hens, Malcom primarily worked with the program’s post players. Additionally, she is responsible for recruiting, equipment and scouting of opponents. During her nine seasons as an assistant at Delaware, Malcom helped pilot the Blue Hens to six 20-win seasons, including three NCAA Tournament appearances and three WNIT berths. Malcom was instrumental in leading the 2013-14 squad into unknown territory after losing one of the most memorable and talented classes in school history following the 2012-13 campaign. The Blue Hens bounced back from graduating seven seniors, including 2013 WNBA Rookie of the Year Elena Delle Donne, and a career total of over 6,500 points, 3,200 rebounds and 1,100 assists in remarkable fashion. Delaware fielded nine freshmen and sophomores in 2013-14 with just three juniors and seniors, a far cry from the squad that reached the NCAA Sweet 16 just a season earlier. The returning Blue Hens combined for a total of 1,505 minutes (20.8 percent), 383 points (15.8 percent) and 269 rebounds (7.5 percent) in 2012-13. Fellow CAA schools predicted Delaware would finish fifth in the league while just one player (Akeema Richards) was chosen to the Preseason All-CAA Second Team. This all served as motivation for UD as the Blue Hens returned to the CAA Championship game for the fourth straight season and earned a berth into the WNIT following a year where Delaware went 20-11 overall and 10-6 in the conference. The Blue Hens traveled north for a WNIT First Round contest wherein the eventual tournament champion, Rutgers, edged UD, 65-61. During that noted 2012-13 season, Malcom helped guide one of the most illustrious squads in Delaware history as the Hens saw another record-breaking year. UD finished the season with an incredible 32-4 mark, went undefeated in CAA play for the second consecutive year and advanced to the NCAA Sweet 16 for the first time in school history. The Hens finished atop the CBI Mid-Major Poll for the second straight season while receiving a No. 15 spot in the Associated Press Poll and a No. 16 spot in the USA Today/Coaches Poll. Delaware also recorded a school-record 27 straight victories, besting the team’s streak of 21 consecutive wins during the 2011-12 slate, and good for third nationally behind Baylor and Notre Dame. Dating to the 2010-11 season, UD has won 37 straight CAA regular season wins, a mark that is good for second nationally behind Baylor and the most in the league since Old Dominion won 95 consecutive contests from 1995 to 2001. The Blue Hens earned a No. 6 seed in the 2013 NCAA Tournament, where Delaware defeated No. 11 West Virginia, 66-53, before upsetting No. 3 North Carolina, 78-69, at a sold-out Bob Carpenter Center to advance to the Sweet 16. UD was unable to make a comeback against No. 2 Kentucky as the Hens ended their run with a 69-62 loss to the Wildcats in Bridgeport, Conn. The 2011-12 Blue Hens collected a record-breaking year with a 31-2 record while going undefeated in CAA play and winning the first postseason game in school history. Delaware set a previous school record for wins in a season including a record 21 straight victories and claimed the first CAA Tournament title in UD history. The Hens earned a No. 3 seed in the NCAA Tournament and posted a 73-42 win over Arkansas Little Rock, the first postseason win by a men’s or women’s basketball team in school history. Delaware ended the year ranked No. 14 in the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll after climbing as high as No. 7 in early March. A native of nearby Wilmington, Del., the 6-1 Malcom enjoyed an outstanding high school career at Caravel Academy before arriving on the Delaware campus. She was a two-time All-State selection and was named the state’s Co-Player of the Year in 2001. Malcom was a four-year standout for the Hens under Martin, leading the squad to a four-year mark of 89-32, CAA regular season titles in 2003 and 2005 and three berths into the post-season WNIT. Delaware, which went 55-15 in conference action during Malcom’s career, appeared in the CAA Championship game in both 2003 and 2005. A two-time team captain, Malcom was a three-time All-CAA selection, earning second team honors in 2003 and 2004 before garnering first team recognition in 2005, when she was named CAA Player of the Year accolades. As the CAA Player of the Year, Malcom led the league in scoring with 15.5 points per game while ranking among conference leaders with 6.8 rebounds per contest. Malcom was just the third player in Delaware history to be named the conference player of the year. Additionally, she was named the University of Delaware’s Outstanding Senior Female Athlete of the Year for the 2004-05 season. A seven-time CAA Player of the Week, Malcom set school records for career free throws made (535) to lead the CAA at the time and now ranks second in school history and fifth in league history. Malcom is also is second in the Delaware record books for double-figure scoring games (88), sixth in games played (121), scoring (1,545 points) and blocks (109) and 11th in rebounding (794). She averaged 12.8 points and 6.6 rebounds per game for her career. Malcom was a two-time CAA Dean Ehlers Award candidate for overall contributions on the court, classroom and community and overcame a partial hearing loss in both ears to star for the Blue Hens. Following her collegiate career, Malcom played professionally during the 2005-06 season in Barreiro, Portugal with the GD ESSA Basketball Club. Malcom was inducted into the University of Delaware Athletics Hall of Fame in November 2012 for her contributions. Malcom earned her bachelor’s degree in family and community services from Delaware in May 2005 while receiving a master’s degree in higher education administration from UD in May 2011. |High School:||Caravel Academy|
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal Description: Plot Summary:The story takes place in the distant future and focuses on a boy named Yuma Tsukumo, the number one bad boy at his school. Something unexpected happens when Ryoga challenges him to a Duel as the mysterious ghost of Astral appears before them, a new legend begins. Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal Episodes:
Born: 18 February 1955 Birthplace: Paris, France Best known as: Author of Snow Flower and the Secret Fan Lisa See is the author of the non-fiction family history On Gold Mountain: The One Hundred Year Odyssey of My Chinese-American Family and the novel Snow Flower and the Secret Fan. See, who is one-eighth Chinese, grew up in Los Angeles surrounded by her Chinese-American family. After an early career writing for Publishers Weekly and other magazines, See published her first book, On Gold Mountain, in 1995. The story is a sweeping account of her father's side of the family as it moved from China to southern California. The book was a success, and See followed up with three mystery novels set in China: Flower Net (1997), The Interior (1999) and Dragon Bones (2003). Her fourth novel was the critically acclaimed bestseller Snow Flower and the Secret Fan (2005), the story of two women in 19th century China who communicate through a secret written language called "nu shu." See, the daughter of novelist Carolyn See, is also active in the cultural affairs of the Los Angeles Chinese-American community. On Gold Mountain was adapted for the Los Angeles Opera in 2000 with composer Nathan Wang. See wrote a libretto for the production. Copyright © 1998-2016 by Who2?, LLC. All rights reserved.
Our monthly book sale begins Friday, March 18! Stop by the lobby book sale at Salem Church for great bargains. Tuesdays are 1/2 price days and Wednesdays and Thursdays $1-a-bag/box or ¢.05 for each item. 2607 Salem Church Road Fredericksburg, VA 22407 Find out about our other book sales.
As of late, my 5 year old LG Flatron L1752S LCD monitor has been acting strangely. The screen flickers (most noticeable if you pay attention to text on any window) when I scroll down webpages or watch video. It's impossible to play games because of the constant black screens that plague my game-time and it takes longer than usual for the screen to return to full brightness after a full-screen app, such as Far Cry 3, has been closed. And once it has returned to normal, the colors look over-saturated and it really becomes hard for me to look at the screen after a while. Now, the first thing that came to my mind was that my GPU was at fault. I re-installed the driver to my AMD Radeon HD 5770, checked its temperature and fan speed at both idle and running states and found them all to be in perfect order. I also made sure of its cables, if they were firmly in place or not. I did the above with my Core 2 Quad and again, found nothing out of the ordinary. [Details on the GPU] GPU temperature at idle: 40 C GPU temperature while running Far Cry 3 at Near Ultra settings: 64-67 C Fan speed at idle: 35 % Fan speed while running Far Cry 3: 50 % (this ruled out fan clogging due to dust) Monitor refresh rate set to: 75 Hz (Changing to 60 Hz didn't help) [A little more detail on the black screen issue] The black screens come at random. Games run fine for the first 5 minutes, after which the black screens come and go erratically. While the screen stays black, sound, movement and everything else stay unaffected. After about 10 minutes, the black screen issue becomes frequent enough to force me to close whatever game I'm playing (Sleeping Dogs, Hitman: Absolution, Far Cry 3). Also, the black screens come at a lesser rate if I stay still or stare at the sky (this made me assume that my GPU is dying, but evidence says otherwise!). Bringing everything down to low and changing the resolution to 800X600 didn't help. [What I haven't done yet] I haven't tried a different monitor yet. I plan to do so in a few hours. I also have not tried changing the VGA cable. ______________________ Have any of you faced similar issues or know anything about this? Please let me know if you need further information on the matter.
The breath of fresh air that was the Fiat 500 when in arrived in Canada won the hearts of quite a few people. During the 2012 calendar year, about 8,500 small-car shoppers chose the cheeky little Fiat. Well, that love affair didn’t last for very long. In 2015, Fiat 500 hatchback sales amounted to just under 3,000 units in Canada. For what can be considered a niche product, this isn’t unusual. Yet FCA is trying to keep the flame alive by cranking out various special-editions of its minicar, including this charming 1957 Edition. The 1957 moniker obviously refers to the year the Cinquecento was introduced to the world, and this special-edition car is offered in a few pastel colours, including our tester’s Celeste Blu paint. The blue-painted alloy wheels have a chromed rim and centre cap, and they provide a nice retro touch to the car. The interior is pretty chic, with brown leather seats, a cream dashboard and wheel, as well as a mix of both colours on the door panels. New for 2016 is a Uconnect 5.0 infotainment system, a huge improvement over the previous radio in the Fiat. Still, there are some hard plastic trim pieces spread about the cabin, and their fit is questionable in some areas. Nothing repulsive, though. Space is more than adequate up front, but the fact that rear-seat occupants, whether they’re adults or children, won’t be very comfortable riding in back will be a surprise to no one. The hatchback’s 269-litre cargo area is a volume we expect from such a small car, although the split seatbacks can be folded down for extra space. The 2016 Fiat 500 1957 Edition gets the base engine under the hood. That means a 1.4-litre four-cylinder lump that produces a modest 101 horsepower and 97 lb-ft of torque. With the five-speed manual, the car can move along at an acceptable pace, as it weighs in at a scant 2,366 lbs. However, the difference between the manual gearbox and the optional six-speed automatic is significant. The latter makes the little Fiat feel wheezy. If we’re hell-bent on a Cinquecento and need an automatic, maybe the 135-hp turbo engine is worth checking out. The manual transmission also makes the Fiat more efficient by more than a litre per 100 km. Official ratings are 7.6/5.9 L/100 km city/highway, and we observed an average of 6.8 during our test. On the complaints list are B-pillars which create blind spots, especially on the left side, and a hard-to-reach washer-fluid filler neck that requires a funnel to avoid spillage when topping it off. The 1957 Edition’s hefty $24,995 base price is off-putting, but then again, no Fiat 500 comes cheap, and that’s probably one of the reasons sales are in a downward spiral. The Cinquecento is above all an emotional choice in the small-car segment, but if we’re willing to spend that much, we’ll get a stylish and enjoyable little runabout.
L.A. Chicano Mural History Documented Via San Bernardino | KCET L.A. Chicano Mural History Documented Via San Bernardino Fresh with a Ph.D. in History from Harvard, Elliott Barkan came to the West Coast and saw a history rising. With the meticulous care of a curious scholar, Barkan began taking photographs of the region as soon as he arrived to teach at Cal State San Bernardino in September of 1968. "I was teaching in the field of early America, but becoming more aware of civil rights," he says, recalling showing films about conditions in urban America. After receiving a doctorate in early American history, he shifted focus to to contemporary American situations. It became, what he calls, "a dual regime of very early America and very modern America." He taught those parallel courses for 38 years. "My training in early America gave me a broader perspective for understanding earlier immigration," he said. His passion for photographing urban enclaves came while he was a Manhattan cab driver. "That prompted me to search out other communities in New York City, but especially in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Miami, and Detroit." Then he found the murals. The history professor may not have completely known all the nuances of all the political subtext of his newly found subject; still, he began scouting for art from San Bernardino to Los Angeles, and as far north as the Bay Area. He knew that it was evidence of a culture's self-identity. At first, there were no murals in the cities he visited, including the parts of Los Angeles he first toured. "I became aware of the murals in East Los Angeles, and combined my urban photography with a focus on murals. The more I searched, the more dramatic were my findings," said the professor of his discovery of the source of California Chicano murals. He claims that this model of mural making was picked up from other communities, both non-Latinos and Latinos, and notably San Francisco. Barkan's photographs of the Chicano murals painted by the first wave of Los Angeles artists are now being exhibited at the Robert and Frances Fullerton Museum of Art at Cal State San Bernardino through May 25. The exhibit, titled "Chicano Muralists in Southern California, 1968-1985: The First Generation of a Cultural Revolution -- Through the Camera of Elliott Robert Barkan," features photographed works from a litany of prominent muralists, including Judith Baca, Charles (Cat) Felix Jr., Gronk, Willie Herron and David Lopez. Operating from his academic post at Cal State San Bernardino, Barkan had the opportunity to capture a number of works located away from the urban core of Los Angeles. Many were eventually lost, some by artists that otherwise may never be documented. Barkan, now professor emeritus in history at Cal State San Bernardino, recently sent the originals and digital copies of the photographs to the Social and Public Art Resource Center (SPARC) to be archived. "Every collection is significant in documenting and preserving the legacy of muralism in Los Angeles," said Pilar Castillo, Archivist at SPARC, citing the loss of public funds to commission new works, and muralists' difficulty in producing legal public works since 2002. "A large percentage of historic L.A. murals have been destroyed, whitewashed and neglected into decay." "Public art works these days survive at the mercy of a new generation, the shifting political landscape and the greater elements," Castillo continued. "The only way to ensure the survival of these works beyond our personal memories is to amass collections such as Mr. Barkan's photo documentation," adds Castillo, who considers properly archived collections are a "glimpse into a golden-era of our mural history." The year is off to a productive start for Barkan, with two major projects coming into fruition in January. "I just completed about fours years-plus designing and editing a four volume encyclopedia on U.S. immigration history," he said. "It covers the years 1600-2010, with chapters by over 100 scholars. It's 2,000 pages, and over 1 million words." A reception for the exhibition will be held Feb. 23 from 5 to 7 p.m. at the The Robert and Frances Fullerton Museum of Art. "Chicano Muralists in Southern California, 1968-1985: The first generation of a cultural revolution - through the camera of Elliot Robert Barkan" runs from Jan. 26 - May 25, 2013. Curated by Elliot R. Barkan and Eva Kirsch. Top: "Virgen de Guadalupe" (1973) by David Lopez. East Los Angeles, Maravilla Gardens Housing Project. Photo by Elliott Barkan.
Shop online or visit one of our many locations Access Your Account,Anytime, Anywhere. $10 off your next purchaseFree Lunch, TV Giveaway NEW WEB FEATURES IPHONE & ANDROID © Copyright 2001-2016 Platt Electric Supply, All Rights Reserved. Platt Electric Supply is a wholesale distributor of electrical, industrial, lighting, tools, fuses, control and automation products for the electrical, construction, commercial, industrial, utility and datacomm markets. Try our online services out for yourself: Submit your email address and receive a link to reset your password: Back to Sign In Company wide: 4:00 am - midnight (PST) 7 days a week Chat with a helpful customer service agent Quickly and easily send us your question or comment Contacts assigned to my account
Memory Eternal: Irene Bokach August 30, 2007 JOHNSTOWN, PA - The Chancery has been advised of the death of + IRENE BOKACH, the mother of Pani Beverly Leasure. Funeral arrangements are as follows: Viewing is at the Ketusky Funeral Home on Brooks Boulevard in Manville, NJ. Hours are Monday September 3, 3007 from 2-4 PM and 6-9 PM. The Parastas will be sung on Monday evening at 7:30 PM. White vestments. The funeral service is in Holy Ghost Church in Manville on Tuesday at 9:30 AM. Participating Clergy are to wear white vestments. Diocesan faithful are asked to keep + Irene in their prayers and clergy are asked to remember her at the Sunday September 2, 2007 Divine Liturgy .
eyes that see not By Diogenes (articles ) | Oct 10, 2006 To one side of the altar, a white-robed choir; on the other, a half-dozen priests of various ranks, in white robes trimmed with green vestments. Perhaps Rod Davis, who wrote that line, recently arrived from the planet Zork. It's in the lead paragraph of his article in D Magazine on factionalism in Episcopalian Dallas. Davis's grasp of Christian churchmanship is, to put it gently, no stronger than it needs to be. He is able to see that Anglican conservatives are upset with Bishops Robinson and Schori, and once that fact is fed into the Journalism Generator the article pretty much writes itself, and misses just about everything that's interesting and important. At most recent count, at least seven of the country's 111 Episcopal dioceses and about 150 of the 7,000 congregations want "disassociation" or "alternative primatial oversight" -- the debate is replete with esoteric canon law jargon -- in one form or another. Some, like the Dallas diocese, are exploring alignment directly with Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury. Others, perhaps not convinced that Canterbury is conservative enough, may seek out Peter Akinola, archbishop of Nigeria, where there are definitely no gay bishops, but there are perhaps 20 million Anglicans. Even the irony of mostly white, conservative American suburban congregations looking to pastoral supervision from African bishops doesn't stand in the way. For Davis, the last sentence is just a throwaway line. A more perceptive author would have seen it as providing a key to the controversy -- and not only to the controversy in the Episcopal Church, but to the startling change in self-understanding that the orthodox in all denominations have undergone in the past thirty years. A disaffected congregation splitting off from the main body is nothing new. What is new, and striking, is that these Anglicans are not huddling together for warmth with social and cultural counterparts who share their education, tastes, family connections and politics, but are aligning themselves with -- and even subordinating themselves to -- people of radically different background who believe the same essential truths to be paramount. Moreover, this remarkable venture into "trans-cultural" brotherhood is taking place not where we've been taught to expect it, viz., among polyglot, left-liberal cosmopolitans, but among those our betters assured us would be among the last to countenance it. Davis himself can see the sociology in broad outline, but entirely misses its ecclesial significance, as witness his account of the Christ Church parish in Plano: Given its size, conservative demographics and evangelical bent, it's perhaps no surprise that this church should find itself at odds with its increasingly progressive -- or "liberal," to use the pejorative term -- parent. Clearly, the people who worship here have mistaken their denominations. If not Southern Baptists by another name, surely they belong more to Joel Osteen or T.D. Jakes. This is a social church, where people come not only to worship, but also to find friends, to join groups, and to align with "values." Got it exactly backwards. If you worship with people because they believe what you believe, strong friendships spontaneously emerge as a secondary side-effect. If you go to a church with the primary purpose of making friends, however, you have to compromise or downplay your beliefs in order to succeed. The fact that the hard core, broken-glass conservatives are connecting with Nigeria to find fellow Anglicans shows they belong overwhemingly to the former group, and cannot be linked to a "social church" without violence to the language. The stock progressivist explanation of orthodox Christian teaching on sexuality and the sexes involves some variant of Adorno's vacuous "fear of the other" critique (the Anglican Communion Network crew, and Cardinal Medina-Estevez, can't accept Gene Robinson or Terese Kane because they've never been in a restaurant or on an airplane). When suburbanite Texans are willing to go to Africa to find kinship in doctrine, however, it shows that -- for some at least, faith is more important than familiarity. So who, in this reckoning, is genuinely "conservative"? Clearly the doctrinally orthodox are, by temperament, far more adventurous than their liberal co-religionists, who live and move and have their being in a world of seamless cultural comfort. Now that's an intriguing turnabout. It's a shame Rod Davis missed it. All comments are moderated. To lighten our editing burden, only current donors are allowed to Sound Off. If you are a donor, log in to see the comment form; otherwise please support our work, and Sound Off! Posted by: - Oct. 11, 2006 10:56 AM ET USA Dear Anglicans and Epicsopalians disaffected with Canterbury: Follow me to Rome! Posted by: - Oct. 10, 2006 1:00 PM ET USA correction: www.atonementonline.com sorry Posted by: - Oct. 10, 2006 12:59 PM ET USA If their eyes are ever truly opened, they'll be warmly welcomed by those who went before them and forged the Anglican Use liturgy. These former Episcopalians converted as entire parishes and now have one of the most beautiful, reverent liturgies in use in the United States. Check out the website of the founding parish of the Anglican Use www.atonementonline.org and see. Posted by: - Oct. 10, 2006 11:32 AM ET USA Forget African bishops they need to unite under the Bishop of Rome. Posted by: - Oct. 10, 2006 11:30 AM ET USA '... but also to find friends, to join groups, and to align with "values." ' Translation: These unstable freaks are incapable of making friends in the real world so they join together in radical fringe groups just like the Taliban. I don't think Mr. Davis "missed" anything he wanted to see. He spewed forth the left wing party line quite well.
1A tall Caribbean plant of the arum family, cultivated in the tropics for its edible pear-shaped tubers and large arrow-shaped leaves. Also called malanga. - Xanthosoma sagittifolium, family Araceae. - The best way to tell tannia and taro apart is to examine where the leaf is attached to the stem. - The reason for this is that taro was grown long before tannia was brought over from the New World. - The role of the tannia in sustainable farming systems must be carefully studied, particularly in mixed plantations. 1.1A tuber of the tannia. - Tannias must be packed in such a way as to protect the produce properly. - The tannias must have been carefully harvested and have reached an appropriate degree of physiological development, account being taken of the characteristics of the variety and/or commercial type and the area in which they are grown. - Surveys carried out in Puerto Rico show that the rural population prefers the tannia to the sweet potato, yam and green plantain because of its flavour and that, in the Philippines, it is preferred to the cocoyam or taro. 1.2 [mass noun] The leaves or tubers of the tannia eaten as food. - It is not that the farmers from Tamazo have lost the ability to produce and sell plantains, dasheen, tania, grapefruits, mangoes, coosh-coosh and the other delectable products of the region. - Wash, peel and grate tannia, put into a bowl. - Tannia must be thoroughly cooked as some varieties contain high levels of calcium oxylate crystals in the leaves and tubers. For editors and proofreaders Line breaks: tan¦nia What do you find interesting about this word or phrase? Comments that don't adhere to our Community Guidelines may be moderated or removed.
|04-07-2005 01:47 AM| count me in! |04-06-2005 06:34 PM| Gotta Love This Site not only can i get good info about products i can buy for my computer, but i can win stuff for it too. |04-04-2005 11:04 PM| |sp1k3||add me in as well.| |03-30-2005 09:29 PM| |dukeman||count me in. awesome prizes| |03-30-2005 11:29 AM| Last Obvious, Strained Post (Can I have the speakers please??) Okay, I promise to stop now. This is my last post bragging about my computer: I'm also getting these: UV Blue Ultra X-Connect 500W Modular Power Supply 2 Dual Cold Cathode Light Kits (One Blue, One UV) Round, UV Blue IDE Cable, Floppy Cable, and SATA Cables There's an obvious theme here, perhaps I lack creativity.... Oh well, thank you for indulging me. |03-30-2005 11:26 AM| But wait, there's stuff: Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS Platinum A PlusDeck is a 5-1/4" drive bay mount cassette player. You can use it to make MP3's from your tapes, tapes from your MP3, and just to play music while you use your computer (that's probably what I'll do most of...) Enormously geeky, and undeniably cool. You can purchase one (or more, it that's your preference) from ThinkGeek. Check it out at: GapDragon (do YOU remember, or am I just old??) |03-30-2005 11:22 AM| Now, some bragging about the optional stuff: Logisys Blue Acrylic Case Feet Asus Star Ice CPU Cooler Vantec Blue Spectrum Fan Enermax Slot Exhaust Fan Vantec Hard Drive Cooler Vantec Nexus Fan Controller ATX Computer Case custom built by Circo Tech It's kind of a Lian Li knock off, but looks very nifty. You can check them out at: |03-30-2005 11:20 AM| 2nd of 5 I need to make five posts, so I'll talk about (what else) my computer: First, the required stuff: Intel D925XCVLK with 3.4 GHz Pentium 4 & 1 GB Kingston DDR2 RAM Sapphire ATI Radeon X700 Pro 2x 80 GB Western Digital SATA Hard Drive Sony 16X DVD+/-RW Three more posts to go... |03-30-2005 11:16 AM| My First Post Here's my first post. Hey, I'm building a computer, I could really use the free stuff. The speaker system would fit my computer room's decor perfectly... |03-29-2005 09:03 PM| |Muddy||count me in it ends on my bday| |03-29-2005 07:05 PM| |reptilezs||enter me plz| |03-28-2005 09:04 PM| |Kilamon||Here's my reply. Put my name on the list.| |03-27-2005 10:44 PM| I'm glad you have things of this nature open to us members! Props and goodluck everyone. |03-26-2005 06:33 PM| |Clarence||Wahahahahhahahah I am typing letters with my hands.| |03-26-2005 03:15 AM| |madstork91||U know i am in...| |This thread has more than 15 replies. Click here to review the whole thread.|
Hey guys, have some ps3 games im looking to get rid of as i dont have much time to play anymore and looking to get back into sports cards. Like always, looking for nice buccaneers cards or any nice card in general. Here is what i have for trade. All in great working condition. Madden 13 for Ps3 Mlb The Show 12 ps3 Nhl 12 ps3 Ncaa Football 12 Ps3 Uncharted 3 Ps3 Also have a set of Px21 turtle beach headset for the ps3/xbox. These are professional gamer headsets. They make the gameplay way better. Post scans of what you have to offer and what you are offering it for. Does not have to be buccaneers. Thanks
|- candidate number||14295| |- NTR Number||NTR3827| |- ISRCTN||ISRCTN wordt niet meer aangevraagd.| |- Date ISRCTN created| |- date ISRCTN requested| |- Date Registered NTR||30-jan-2013| |- Secondary IDs||NL41498.018.12 / 2012_211; CCMO / METC AMC| |- Public Title||Usability of Subcutaneous Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Critically Ill Patients.| |- Scientific Title||Usability of Subcutaneous Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Critically Ill Patients.| |- hypothesis||The aim of this study is to test the accuracy and usability of the Medtronic Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (Sentrino®) in an ICU–environment, and includes testing the usability of all the components.| |- Healt Condition(s) or Problem(s) studied||Blood glucose, Monitoring, Critically ill patients| |- Inclusion criteria||1. Patient is at least 18 years old;| 2. Patient is admitted to the ICU of the Academic Medical Center, The Netherlands; 3. Patient has anticipated life expectancy greater than 96 hours; 4. Patient has recent platelet count greater than 30,000 per micro-liter. |- Exclusion criteria||1. Patient currently has a suspected or diagnosed medical condition that, in the opinion of the Investigator, warrants exclusion from the study or prevents the patient from completing the study;| 2. Patient is currently participating in another investigational drug or device study; 3. Patient is pregnant, as determined by hospital admission. |- mec approval received||yes| |- multicenter trial||no| |- Type||Single arm| |- planned startdate ||19-okt-2012| |- planned closingdate||1-sep-2013| |- Target number of participants||50| |- Interventions||The intervention exists of use of Sentrino®.| |- Primary outcome||The primary objective of this study is to determine the accuracy of subcutaneous CGM glucose measurements as compared with current standard of care blood glucose levels measurements.| |- Secondary outcome||The secondary objective of this study is to train healthcare workers to use of the Medtronic Sentrino® system, and to obtain feedback from the users on the usability of the Medtronic Sentrino® system.| |- Timepoints||For the purpose of this study, the Sentrino can be used for a maximum of 30 days. A single sensor can be used for a 72–hour period, and replaced with subsequent sensors each used for up to a 72–hour period for the patient’s stay in ICU. The total duration of time that the patient is on the Sentrino system (through multiple sensors each for 72-hours) may not exceed 30 days.| |- Trial web site||N/A| |- status||open: patient inclusion| |- CONTACT FOR PUBLIC QUERIES||Prof. Dr. M.J. Schultz| |- CONTACT for SCIENTIFIC QUERIES|| R.T.M. Hooijdonk, van| |- Sponsor/Initiator ||Academic Medical Center (AMC), Amsterdam| (Source(s) of Monetary or Material Support) |Academic Medical Center (AMC)| |- Brief summary||Introduction:| Hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia, and glycemic variability are all independently associated with morbidity and mortality of critically ill patients. Blood glucose control with insulin prevents hyperglycemia but is associated with an increased incidence of hypoglycemia and may not affect blood glucose variability. Implementation strategies of blood glucose control with insulin in critically ill patients have mainly used manually operated whole blood portable glucose meters. These meters are impracticable, possibly unsafe, and time– and blood–consuming. Utilization of subcutaneous continuous glucose monitoring has the potential to improve the safety (i.e., prevention of hypoglycemia) and effectiveness (i.e., obtain a higher percent of values in the therapeutic range and less blood glucose variability) of insulin titration in critically ill patients. In addition, utilization of subcutaneous continuous glucose monitoring devices is less time– and blood–consuming than the use of manually operated whole blood portable glucose meters. Medtronic has developed a subcutaneous continuous glucose–monitoring system especially for critically ill patients, called the Sentrino®. 1. The primary objective of this study is to determine the accuracy of subcutaneous CGM glucose measurements as compared with current standard of care blood glucose levels measurements; 2. The secondary objective of this study is to train healthcare workers to use of the Medtronic Sentrino® system, and to obtain feedback from the users on the usability of the Medtronic Sentrino® system. This study concerns an investigator–initiated observational implementation study in critically ill patients subjected to blood glucose control with insulin, aiming at a blood glucose level between 90 and 150 mg/dL. Critically ill patients admitted to the intensive care units (ICU) of the Academic Medical Center at the University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The intervention exists of use of Sentrino®. Main study parameters/endpoints: The main study parameter is the accuracy of subcutaneous CGM glucose measurements. Nature and extent of the burden and risks associated with participation, benefit and group relatedness: The Sentrino® has been tested and validated in a number of pre–clinical and clinical studies in patients outside the intensive care unit (ICU), and has been found to be safe and accurate for trend. Potential benefits include reduced risk of hypoglycemia, and decreased glycemic variability. Burden and risks include local irritations, bleeding and infection at the site of the sensor. |- Main changes (audit trail)| |- RECORD||30-jan-2013 - 9-feb-2013|
provide squash option when merging merge requests Add a checkbox "Squash into one commit" below "Merge" button of a merge request. The default state of that checkbox should be configurable per instance and per project. The UI would ask for a commit message (defaulting to branch name) and then execute the equivalent of 'git checkout other-branch; git merge --squash this-branch; git commit -m "commit-message", close the merge request and delete the branch (if the other checkbox is ticked). This is a common workflow in projects and not supporting it causes a lot of confusion and extra work. Continued here: https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-ce/issues/4106 Santeri Vesalainen commented Hopefully this gets to Community Edition, at least eventually. Github has just announced similar feature https://github.com/blog/2141-squash-your-commits . Interesting comments, had to vote/subscribe. Bruno Lorenço Lopes commented It would be very nice to have this feature in the community edition! Ionut DINU commented this would be a grate feature Dan Cech commented +1 on this, it would be great to avoid having a multitude development commits cluttering history in master while still being able to use the web UI to accept merge requests. In that instance I think it is sensible to attribute the commit by default to the user who opened the merge request, but allow the person doing the merge to select a different user to attribute it to if desired. The merge --squash option is used as the workflow in several companies I have worked for. This option would be perfect for an enterprise use of git where committing to the master branch should be a single commit per feature or issue. The developer branch will contain the history and incremental commits but once the code review is completed / merge request is finished all other developers care about is the final changes (not intermediate steps) Tomáš Procházka commented I vote for this feature. On open source project is great if is possible to trace source of commits, especially if multiple peoples work on it. But in company is completely different situation. Author of the pull request is always one user, if reviewer want some changes it produce more useless commits in the origin branch. And result should be only one commit with desired feature. @GitLab: maybe this is not what you meant, but just to clarify: `git merge --squash` does not force push and does not touch the source branch: it only creates a new commit. AdminGitLab team (Admin, Gitlab) commented In my opinion squashing also changes history, the sha1's and the ordering are now gone from the repo and put into some text. Anything that involves force pushes involves changing history, although I agree that squashing has less of an impact. ^Sytse The question in my mind is: who would be the author of the new commit if the merge request has multiple authors. `merge --squash` just creates a new commit under the current author by default. We can of course make Gitlab chose an author smartly, maybe just chose the one who made the most commits, and if draw take the one who made the earliest commit. @Fabio: I believe they are not the same: rabase changes history, and this does not: it creates a single commit on top of the target that is the squash of all new commits. Fabio Sobral commented As noted by Maxime, this is similar to http://feedback.gitlab.com/forums/176466-general/suggestions/4289653-rebase-merge-requests-in-the-web-ui. Not exactly the same thing, but kind of different ways to implement the same workflow. Maybe consider merging both suggestions? IDK how this works. Sam Gleske commented This would be more useful if GitLab tracked in a single merge-request multiple force push revisions. That is to say if the state of the MR has been changed you should be able to see the old state and the current state as well as N number of changed states. I would submit that as another feedback issue but I'm currently out of votes. Having that capability would compliment another feedback of mine nicely: http://feedback.gitlab.com/forums/176466-general/suggestions/6306111-more-robust-code-diff-ing-in-mr Andrew Meyer commented @Gerard "Once the commit has been pushed, the oppoortunity for squashing has been lost" That's actually not true. After the code review is complete, you can squash + force push. Gerard Stannard commented Having to squash locally at the command line means we don't push small commits for immediate code review feedback. Once the commit has been pushed, the oppoortunity for squashing has been lost, so developers tend not to commit until they're ready to squash many small commits. Jody Mulkey commented Currently, merging using the GitLab UI results in all commits within the source branch being inserted into the history of the target branch. For a large feature or fix with lots of commits, this clutters the target branch with potentially extraneous commits. This clutter can make it difficult to cherry-pick features/bug fixes into and out of other branches (for releases, for example), and build clean release notes. This can be worked around by doing manual command-line steps to merge the source into the target. It would be extremely convenient, however, to do this from the GitLab UI. Erik Donohoo commented I can't stress how important this is. It would be magnificent to have this. Ryan Shelley commented This would be extremely useful as part of our GitFlow process to be able to create releases of individual features. More importantly, the ability to extract a problematic feature from a release (feature that wasn't completely tested or is buggy). Otherwise it's difficult to revert the individual commits of a feature to remove it from a release.
Makes 3 ½ cups - 6 servings Panna Cotta is Italian for "cooked cream." Traditionally, it is a light custard. Here it's flavored with pumpkin and apricot brandy and served as a dessert soup for adults. One 15-ounce can pumpkin 1 cup cream, half-and-half, or milk ½ cup milk ½ cup sugar ¼ cup apricot brandy Crème fraîche and crumbled gingersnap cookies for garnish Purée the pumpkin, cream, milk, and sugar in a blender. Stir in the brandy. Refrigerate in a covered container until chilled, about 3 hours, before serving. (The mixture will thicken.) Serve garnished with swirls of crème fraîche (thinned with milk) and crumbled gingersnap cookies. This soup will keep for up to 2 days in a covered container in the refrigerator.
The major media's account of the Supreme Court's decision in the Hobby Lobby case was typical of the way the case has been misreported from the start. The New York Times headline read, "Supreme Court Rejects Contraceptives Mandate for Some Corporations." Politico led with "SCOTUS sides with Hobby Lobby on birth control." Others were similar. That's not what the case was about, and you'd think that major news organizations might at least get the basic facts straight. The litigants -- the Green and Hahn families, owners of Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood Specialties respectively -- did not have religious objections to contraception. They might have if they were Catholic, but they weren't, and they didn't. The Hahns are Mennonites and the Greens Christians of no particular denomination. Both families provided coverage for contraceptives in their health plans. Hobby Lobby provided coverage for 18 different methods of birth control. What both the Greens and the Hahns objected to were the regulations promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services that would have required them, on pain of severe fines, to cover four more methods, including the morning after pill, that the litigants (and not just they) consider abortifacients. No matter how many times the press calls this a case about contraception, the truth is that it was about abortion. Neither family could, in conscience, be a party to paying for abortion. The HHS regulations exempted some corporations from the regulations, including churches, some nonprofits and the "exclusively religious activities of any religious order." Religion, the government essentially argued, was something that people do on Sunday mornings or in specifically religious organizations like Catholic Charities. But a for-profit corporation, the government argued, could not possibly "exercise religion." Yet, as Justice Samuel Alito argued for the majority, people do not lose their free exercise rights when they form for-profit organizations. "A corporation is simply a form of organization used by human beings to achieve desired ends." And just because a corporation is organized to earn a profit doesn't mean that it cannot perform religious or other laudable, nonprofit maximizing goals. Corporations may "take costly pollution-control and energy conservation measures that go beyond what the law requires. A for-profit corporation that operates facilities in other countries may exceed the requirements of local law regarding working conditions and benefits." There were good constitutional arguments for ruling that the HHS mandate violates the free exercise clause of the First Amendment. The Constitution itself showed deference to the religious objections of Quakers and Mennonites at the time of adoption to swearing oaths. The Constitution accordingly requires that officeholders "swear or affirm" their oath of office. But the Supreme Court did not reach constitutional questions, because perfectly clear statutes, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000, required the government to give the broadest possible scope to the free exercise of religion. RFRA forbids the government from "substantially burdening" a person's free exercise of religion, unless the burden is in furtherance of a compelling governmental interest and is the least restrictive means of achieving that governmental interest. That the Greens' and Hahns' free exercise was burdened was not in doubt. Hobby Lobby, for example, would have incurred fines of up to $475 million per year. The government asserted that its mandates served important, if vague, public purposes, such as "public health" and "gender equality." The government did not come close to proving that the mandate was the "least restrictive" alternative available. At the heart of the government's case was an attempt to steamroll our varied and, yes, diverse nation into conformity on subjects that remain deeply divisive and keenly felt. Like the Affordable Care Act itself, which was railroaded through on a slender majority, the HHS regulations attempted to crush opposition even among the devout. Can you, in the name of "public health" or "gender equality," strong-arm those with religious objections into acquiescing on abortion? RFRA threw a cloak of protection over religious expression in all its forms, and the Supreme Court, by one vote, upheld religious freedom.
Sharps and Flats Club to hold 20th anniversary celebration August 22, 2012 The Sharps and Flats Club will be holding its 20th anniversary celebration at the Myerlee Country Club, 1380 Myerlee Country Club Blvd., off Winkler Road, in Fort Myers from 2-5 p.m., Sunday, Aug. 26.... No comments posted for this article. Post a Comment
Celebrity Branding Wins and Fails Over time, entertainers have given their images re-boots through extraordinary endorsement deals. Sometimes it’s for the best (Jay- Z’s Roc Nation deal) or for the worst (Bob Dole’s Viagra “Courage” ads). Nonetheless, it gives us more ads to sit through on YouTube, and even more money in celebs pockets. Take a look at the biggest celeb branding wins and unfortunate fails. (Why Cole, why?)
Issue Autologon to Windows will not continue unless you press "Ctrl + Alt + Del" at credential provider level. Known to apply to the following Sophos product(s) and version(s) SafeGuard Device Encryption Operating systems Windows Vista, Windows 7 For a working autologon process, the following Microsoft Group Policy has to be set to Enabled: Computer Configuration -> Windows Settings -> Security Settings -> Local Policies -> Security Options: Interactive logon: Do not require CTRL+ALT+DEL” Every comment submitted here is read (by a human) but we do not reply to specific technical questions. If you need technical support please post a question to our community. Alternatively for licensed products open a support ticket.
Compare Mac models.Find the best Mac for you On orders over €40. And free returns.Learn more Powerful creativity and productivity tools live inside every Mac — apps that help you explore, connect and work more efficiently. Discover thousands more in the Mac App Store. Keep your growing library organised and accessible. Perfect your images and create beautiful gifts for sharing. And with iCloud Photo Library, you can store a lifetime’s worth of photos and videos in the cloud.Learn more Tell stories like never before. Streamlined design and intuitive editing features make it easy to create beautiful HD films and share your favourite moments. And with iCloud, you can enjoy them on all your devices.Learn more The easiest way to create great-sounding songs on your Mac. With an intuitive interface and access to a complete sound library, it’s never been easier to learn, play, record and share music like a pro.Learn more This powerful word processor gives you everything you need to create documents that look beautiful. And read beautifully. It lets you work seamlessly between Mac and iOS devices. And work effortlessly with people who use Microsoft Word.Learn more Create sophisticated spreadsheets with dramatic interactive charts, tables and images that paint a revealing picture of your data. Work seamlessly between Mac and iOS devices. And work effortlessly with people who use Microsoft Excel.Learn more Bring your ideas to life with beautiful presentations. Employ powerful tools and dazzling effects that keep your audience engaged. Work seamlessly between Mac and iOS devices. And work effortlessly with people who use Microsoft PowerPoint.Learn more Safari has all kinds of innovative features that let you enjoy more of the web. Energy-saving technologies let you surf longer. Built-in privacy is stronger than ever. You can browse seamlessly across all your devices. And it’s easy to share your favourite pages.
Solia Professional Ceramic Ion Mini Styler ½" - About the brand Only 6 inches long, the Solia Ceramic Tourmaline Ion Mini Styling Iron utilizes a unique concave/convex plate technology that offers you styling versatility from a sleek straight look to flips and curls for the ultimate frizz-free style. The Mini Styler has ½" plates, achieves a temperature of 400F and is dual voltage. The Mini styler also has a free heat glove. Whether your hair is super-straight, wavy, curly, or a little bit of everything, Solia® professional beauty products are designed for even the most complex and multi-textured hair.
New - Pediatric Nursing: Scope and Standards of Practice, 2nd Edition Co-published with the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners (NAPNAP) and the Society of Pediatric Nurses (SPN) More... - Member Price: $27.95 - List Price: $32.95 Pediatric Nurse Practitioner Review and Resource Manual 3rd Edition List Price: $114 - plus S&H
Foursquare © 2016 Lovingly made in NYC & SF BBQ · $$ Blk 280 Bishan St 24 #01-24 "Pepper sauce chicken & california rice the best here" k.cook korean BBQ buffet #07-01 Orchard Central (181 Orchard Rd.) "Outdoor seating nice in afternoon, breezy, good bbq also" #01-03 The Quayside (60 Robertson Quay) "Delicious barbecue, nice bench tables outside." Created by Jzin T5 items Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers. Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!
Liturgy has always aroused strong passions. In the 19th century, some London churches served by Anglican priests who wore lace were stoned. So it is not surprising that the introduction of a new translation of the Catholic Mass should be turbulent. It raises many interrelated questions about the process by which the translation has come to exist, about the quality of the new texts, and about how best to respond to it. It is helpful to treat these questions separately. The central question concerns what matters. For most Catholics what matters most about texts is to transcend self-consciousness in praying aloud with others. They want to be on the same page and to sing from the same hymn book. So it will be important for people happily to pray the same responses. Uncertainty about how to respond simply breeds a mumbling hesitation that proclaims neither faith nor freedom. To read more, click here.
Criterion and EA aren’t too keen on showing off Most Wanted for PS VITA that’s for sure. We have got a couple of official screenshots and that’s it. Thankfully some guys from NeoGAF are kind enough to at least share a few blurry photos. Saw these earlier, It looks great as far as I can see. It would be nice to see some in-game HD gameplay though.. Sure we'll see some closer to release. Why didn't they use the Vita's screen grab feature to get photos of the game. It would have been proof since it comes up with Company Trademark/copyright logo. At least most of the screenshots do. It looks good and I can't wait. Its 2010 all over again, except its 4 (NFSMW X2 and both Assassin's Creeds) games and not just 2 (Need for speed:HP & Assassin's Creed Brotherhood). The build probably doesn't have that feature, to protect it from leaks and such. Resistance Burning Skies doesn't support screenshots either. Yeah but RBS blocked screenshots because the games look ugly and they knew it. Wow ea wasn't wrong when they said this was a near perfect port. Found some other pics online and they look great. O.O And i thought ports were bad. Seriously if they did an extremely good job with a port and bring the full experience to a handheld i really don't see anything wrong with that. There are some people who prefer to play a game like this on the go rather than on a PS3 or a 360. Whats sad is that this game doesn't have cross buy it would be killer if it did. But you have to blame EA for that because it's their decision to make this title with cross buy. Anyways the game is looking great and i can't wait to see more of it. BTW why did Criterion skimp out on the 3DS version? I mean the 3DS has sold over 20 million consoles so i find it strange that they aren't developing this game for that platform. Has it defo been confirmed EA won't be making it a crossbuy? Reason I ask is, this game was brought up at gamescom as one of the future crossbuy releases and there are several articles saying EA are considering cross buy. Simply stunning! I haven't bought a racing game in awhile. I might have to pick this game up for my PS Vita. I got a 'localslappers' pop-up; what on earth? This does look good though. Yeah, I clicked the link, looked away at the TV, looked back and was on a mobile porn site... :-\ Thank goodness I have Chrome's adblock installed. XD Hmm.. it looks okay.. but I am still a bit skeptical on the final work's texture quality and perceived jagged-ness.. very hard to judge on those mugged-shots. I read an earlier article that the FPS was fluctuating a bit. Hope they fix that too. Can't wait to see the final product! Does this game have cross buy? I hope so because if its as close to the ps3 version as they say then it's kinda pointless buying both. That was taken from psvitaforums.com, not NeoGAF. Really??? yeah psvitaforums.com has the original post of the person who took those images. thank me later wow it looks very, very good. Thank you! That looks good and I can't wait. The wait time when changing cars seem to take longer than it takes for the the home console version. This game looks really nice.. Vita is still a baby & its second wave of games will show more of what its capable of.. Launch titles looked good as they were but the power of it will get tapped into as time goes on.. The handheld is a great device & i really dont see why ppl are hesitant to buy it.. Sony should bundle every console w an 8 or 16GB card & drop the price by $50.. as well as permanently drop the price of memory cards by 50%.. That will no doubt make a huge difference in sales.. Them saying its coming nx year will make ppl wait longer I must say tho, if they redesign the vita & it looks more appealing, i will upgrade it.. just like i did with my 3ds to 3ds xl.. I simply can't pass this up. Even though the screenshots are blurry, it looks fantastic. The 30th is a pretty crowded day of game releases for me. I plan on getting three games that day. Can't wait! N4G is a community of gamers posting and discussing the latest game news. It’s part of NewsBoiler, a network of social news sites covering today’s pop culture.
Both blunted osteocytic production of the Wnt inhibitor sclerostin (Scl) and increased T-cell production of the Wnt ligand Wnt10b contribute to the bone anabolic activity of intermittent parathyroid hormone (iPTH) treatment. However, the relative contribution of these mechanisms is unknown. In this study, we modeled the repressive effects of iPTH on Scl production in mice by treatment with a neutralizing anti-Scl antibody (Scl-Ab) to determine the contribution of T-cell–produced Wnt10b to the Scl-independent modalities of action of iPTH. We report that combined treatment with Scl-Ab and iPTH was more potent than either iPTH or Scl-Ab alone in increasing stromal cell production of OPG, osteoblastogenesis, osteoblast life span, bone turnover, bone mineral density, and trabecular bone volume and structure in mice with T cells capable of producing Wnt10b. In T-cell–null mice and mice lacking T-cell production of Wnt10b, combined treatment increased bone turnover significantly more than iPTH or Scl-Ab alone. However, in these mice, combined treatment with Scl-Ab and iPTH was equally effective as Scl-Ab alone in increasing the osteoblastic pool, bone volume, density, and structure. These findings demonstrate that the Scl-independent activity of iPTH on osteoblasts and bone mass is mediated by T-cell–produced Wnt10b. The data provide a proof of concept of a more potent therapeutic effect of combined treatment with iPTH and Scl-Ab than either alone. © 2014 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. PTH; BONE; SCL; ANTIBODY; T CELLS; WNT10B Multifrequency atomic force microscopy imaging has been recently demonstrated as a powerful technique for quickly obtaining information about the mechanical properties of a sample. Combining this development with recent gains in imaging speed through small cantilevers holds the promise of a convenient, high-speed method for obtaining nanoscale topography as well as mechanical properties. Nevertheless, instrument bandwidth limitations on cantilever excitation and readout have restricted the ability of multifrequency techniques to fully benefit from small cantilevers. We present an approach for cantilever excitation and deflection readout with a bandwidth of 20 MHz, enabling multifrequency techniques extended beyond 2 MHz for obtaining materials contrast in liquid and air, as well as soft imaging of delicate biological samples. atomic force microscopy; multifrequency imaging; nanomechanical characterization; photothermal excitation; small cantilevers Tropical forests are being rapidly altered by logging, and cleared for agriculture. Understanding the effects of these land use changes on soil fungi, which play vital roles in the soil ecosystem functioning and services, is a major conservation frontier. Using 454-pyrosequencing of the ITS1 region of extracted soil DNA, we compared communities of soil fungi between unlogged, once-logged, and twice-logged rainforest, and areas cleared for oil palm, in Sabah, Malaysia. Overall fungal community composition differed significantly between forest and oil palm plantation. The OTU richness and Chao 1 were higher in forest, compared to oil palm plantation. As a proportion of total reads, Basidiomycota were more abundant in forest soil, compared to oil palm plantation soil. The turnover of fungal OTUs across space, true β-diversity, was also higher in forest than oil palm plantation. Ectomycorrhizal (EcM) fungal abundance was significantly different between land uses, with highest relative abundance (out of total fungal reads) observed in unlogged forest soil, lower abundance in logged forest, and lowest in oil palm. In their entirety, these results indicate a pervasive effect of conversion to oil palm on fungal community structure. Such wholesale changes in fungal communities might impact the long-term sustainability of oil palm agriculture. Logging also has more subtle long term effects, on relative abundance of EcM fungi, which might affect tree recruitment and nutrient cycling. However, in general the logged forest retains most of the diversity and community composition of unlogged forest. Tropical forests are being rapidly altered by logging and cleared for agriculture. Understanding the effects of these land use changes on soil bacteria, which constitute a large proportion of total biodiversity and perform important ecosystem functions, is a major conservation frontier. Here we studied the effects of logging history and forest conversion to oil palm plantations in Sabah, Borneo, on the soil bacterial community. We used paired-end Illumina sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene, V3 region, to compare the bacterial communities in primary, once-logged, and twice-logged forest and land converted to oil palm plantations. Bacteria were grouped into operational taxonomic units (OTUs) at the 97% similarity level, and OTU richness and local-scale α-diversity showed no difference between the various forest types and oil palm plantations. Focusing on the turnover of bacteria across space, true β-diversity was higher in oil palm plantation soil than in forest soil, whereas community dissimilarity-based metrics of β-diversity were only marginally different between habitats, suggesting that at large scales, oil palm plantation soil could have higher overall γ-diversity than forest soil, driven by a slightly more heterogeneous community across space. Clearance of primary and logged forest for oil palm plantations did, however, significantly impact the composition of soil bacterial communities, reflecting in part the loss of some forest bacteria, whereas primary and logged forests did not differ in composition. Overall, our results suggest that the soil bacteria of tropical forest are to some extent resilient or resistant to logging but that the impacts of forest conversion to oil palm plantations are more severe. Since the invention of hybridoma technology, methods for generating affinity reagents that bind specific target molecules have revolutionized biology and medicine. In the postgenomic era, there is a pressing need to accelerate the pace of ligand discovery to elucidate the functions of a rapidly growing number of newly characterized molecules and their modified states. Nonimmunoglobulin-based proteins such as DARPins, affibodies, and monobodies represent attractive alternatives to traditional antibodies as these are small, soluble, disulfide-free, single-domain scaffolds that can be selected from combinatorial libraries and expressed in bacteria. For example, monobodies—highly stable scaffolds based on the immunoglobulin VH-like 10th fibronectin type III (10Fn3) domain of human fibronectin—have yielded antibody mimetics that bind to numerous targets for applications including intracellular inhibition,[5,6] therapeutics, and biosensors.[6,8] These 10Fn3-based ligands can be derived from highly diverse libraries using techniques such as phage, ribosome, mRNA, bacterial, and yeast displays. antibodies; directed evolution; mRNA; ligand design; selection methods Modern high-speed atomic force microscopes generate significant quantities of data in a short amount of time. Each image in the sequence has to be processed quickly and accurately in order to obtain a true representation of the sample and its changes over time. This paper presents an automated, adaptive algorithm for the required processing of AFM images. The algorithm adaptively corrects for both common one-dimensional distortions as well as the most common two-dimensional distortions. This method uses an iterative thresholded processing algorithm for rapid and accurate separation of background and surface topography. This separation prevents artificial bias from topographic features and ensures the best possible coherence between the different images in a sequence. This method is equally applicable to all channels of AFM data, and can process images in seconds. adaptive algorithm; artifact correction; atomic force microscopy; high-speed atomic force microscope; image processing Little is known of how archaeal diversity and community ecology behaves along elevational gradients. We chose to study Mount Fuji of Japan as a geologically and topographically uniform mountain system, with a wide range of elevational zones. PCR-amplified soil DNA for the archaeal 16 S rRNA gene was pyrosequenced and taxonomically classified against EzTaxon-e archaeal database. At a bootstrap cut-off of 80%, most of the archaeal sequences were classified into phylum Thaumarchaeota (96%) and Euryarchaeota (3.9%), with no sequences classified into other phyla. Archaeal OTU richness and diversity on Fuji showed a pronounced ‘peak’ in the mid-elevations, around 1500 masl, within the boreal forest zone, compared to the temperate forest zone below and the alpine fell-field and desert zones above. Diversity decreased towards higher elevations followed by a subtle increase at the summit, mainly due to an increase in the relative abundance of the group I.1b of Thaumarchaeota. Archaeal diversity showed a strong positive correlation with soil NH4+, K and NO3−. Archaeal diversity does not parallel plant diversity, although it does roughly parallel bacterial diversity. Ecological hypotheses to explain the mid diversity bulge on Fuji include intermediate disturbance effects, and the result of mid elevations combining a mosaic of upper and lower slope environments. Our findings show clearly that archaeal soil communities are highly responsive to soil environmental gradients, in terms of both their diversity and community composition. Distinct communities of archaea specific to each elevational zone suggest that many archaea may be quite finely niche-adapted within the range of soil environments. A further interesting finding is the presence of a mesophilic component of archaea at high altitudes on a mountain that is not volcanically active. This emphasizes the importance of microclimate – in this case solar heating of the black volcanic ash surface – for the ecology of soil archaea. The development of new antiviral compounds active against hepatitis C virus (HCV) has surged in recent years. In order for these new compounds to be efficacious in humans, optimal dosage regimens for each compound must be elucidated. We have developed a novel in vitro pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic system, the BelloCell system, to identify optimal dosage regimens for anti-HCV compounds. In these experiments, genotype 1b HCV replicon-bearing cells (2209-23 cells) were inoculated onto carrier flakes in BelloCell bottles and treated with MK-4519, a serine protease inhibitor. Our dose-ranging studies illustrated that MK-4519 inhibited replicon replication in a dose-dependent manner, yielding a 50% effective concentration (EC50) of 1.8 nM. Dose-fractionation studies showed that shorter dosing intervals resulted in greater replicon suppression, indicating that the time that the concentration is greater than the EC50 is the pharmacodynamic parameter for MK-4519 linked with inhibition of replicon replication. Mutations associated with resistance to serine protease inhibitors were detected in replicons harvested from all treatment arms. These data suggest that MK-4519 is highly active against genotype 1b HCV, but monotherapy is not sufficient to prevent the amplification of resistant replicons. In summary, our findings show that the BelloCell system is a useful and clinically relevant tool for predicting optimal dosage regimens for anti-HCV compounds. Background: Focused electron beam induced deposition (FEBID) is a direct-writing technique with nanometer resolution, which has received strongly increasing attention within the last decade. In FEBID a precursor previously adsorbed on a substrate surface is dissociated in the focus of an electron beam. After 20 years of continuous development FEBID has reached a stage at which this technique is now particularly attractive for several areas in both, basic and applied research. The present topical review addresses selected examples that highlight this development in the areas of charge-transport regimes in nanogranular metals close to an insulator-to-metal transition, the use of these materials for strain- and magnetic-field sensing, and the prospect of extending FEBID to multicomponent systems, such as binary alloys and intermetallic compounds with cooperative ground states. Results: After a brief introduction to the technique, recent work concerning FEBID of Pt–Si alloys and (hard-magnetic) Co–Pt intermetallic compounds on the nanometer scale is reviewed. The growth process in the presence of two precursors, whose flux is independently controlled, is analyzed within a continuum model of FEBID that employs rate equations. Predictions are made for the tunability of the composition of the Co–Pt system by simply changing the dwell time of the electron beam during the writing process. The charge-transport regimes of nanogranular metals are reviewed next with a focus on recent theoretical advancements in the field. As a case study the transport properties of Pt–C nanogranular FEBID structures are discussed. It is shown that by means of a post-growth electron-irradiation treatment the electronic intergrain-coupling strength can be continuously tuned over a wide range. This provides unique access to the transport properties of this material close to the insulator-to-metal transition. In the last part of the review, recent developments in mechanical strain-sensing and the detection of small, inhomogeneous magnetic fields by employing nanogranular FEBID structures are highlighted. Conclusion: FEBID has now reached a state of maturity that allows a shift of the focus towards the development of new application fields, be it in basic research or applied. This is shown for selected examples in the present review. At the same time, when seen from a broader perspective, FEBID still has to live up to the original idea of providing a tool for electron-controlled chemistry on the nanometer scale. This has to be understood in the sense that, by providing a suitable environment during the FEBID process, the outcome of the electron-induced reactions can be steered in a controlled way towards yielding the desired composition of the products. The development of a FEBID-specialized surface chemistry is mostly still in its infancy. Next to application development, it is this aspect that will likely be a guiding light for the future development of the field of focused electron beam induced deposition. atomic force microscopy; binary systems; electron beam induced deposition; granular metals; micro Hall magnetometry; radiation-induced nanostructures; strain sensing Intravenous zanamivir is recommended for the treatment of hospitalized patients with complicated oseltamivir-resistant influenza virus infections. In a companion paper, we show that the time above the 50% effective concentration (time>EC50) is the pharmacodynamic (PD) index predicting the inhibition of viral replication by intravenous zanamivir. However, for other neuraminidase inhibitors, the ratio of the area under the concentration-time curve to the EC50 (AUC/EC50) is the most predictive index. Our objectives are (i) to explain the dynamically linked variable of intravenous zanamivir by using different half-lives and (ii) to develop a new, mechanism-based population pharmacokinetic (PK)/PD model for the time course of viral load. We conducted dose fractionation studies in the hollow-fiber infection model (HFIM) system with zanamivir against an oseltamivir-resistant influenza virus. A clinical 2.5-h half-life and an artificially prolonged 8-h half-life were simulated for zanamivir. The values for the AUC from 0 to 24 h (AUC0-24) of zanamivir were equivalent for the two half-lives. Viral loads and zanamivir pharmacokinetics were comodeled using data from the present study and a previous dose range experiment via population PK/PD modeling in S-ADAPT. Dosing every 8 h (Q8h) suppressed the viral load better than dosing Q12h or Q24h at the 2.5-h half-life, whereas all regimens suppressed viral growth similarly at the 8-h half-life. The model provided unbiased and precise individual (Bayesian) (r2, >0.96) and population (pre-Bayesian) (r2, >0.87) fits for log10 viral load. Zanamivir inhibited viral release (50% inhibitory concentration [IC50], 0.0168 mg/liter; maximum extent of inhibition, 0.990). We identified AUC/EC50 as the pharmacodynamic index for zanamivir at the 8-h half-life, whereas time>EC50 best predicted viral suppression at the 2.5-h half-life, since the trough concentrations approached the IC50 for the 2.5-h but not for the 8-h half-life. The model explained data at both half-lives and holds promise for optimizing clinical zanamivir dosage regimens. In 2009, a novel H1N1 influenza A virus emerged and spread worldwide, initiating a pandemic. Various isolates obtained from disparate parts of the world were shown to be uniformly resistant to the adamantanes but sensitive to the neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir. Over time, resistance to oseltamivir became more prevalent among pandemic H1N1 virus isolates, while most remained susceptible to zanamivir. The government has proposed the use of intravenous (i.v.) zanamivir to treat serious influenza virus infections among hospitalized patients. To use zanamivir effectively for patients with severe influenza, it is necessary to know the optimal dose and schedule of administration of zanamivir that will inhibit the replication of oseltamivir-sensitive and -resistant influenza viruses. Therefore, we performed studies using the in vitro hollow-fiber infection model system to predict optimal dosing regimens for zanamivir against an oseltamivir-sensitive and an oseltamivir-resistant virus. Our results demonstrated that zanamivir, at a dose of 600 mg given twice a day (Q12h), inhibited the replication of oseltamivir-sensitive and oseltamivir-resistant influenza viruses throughout the course of the experiment. Thus, our findings suggest that intravenous zanamivir, at a dose of 600 mg Q12h, could be used to treat hospitalized patients suffering from serious infections with oseltamivir-sensitive or -resistant influenza viruses. In this study, we pilot tested an in vitro assay of cancer killing activity (CKA) in circulating leukocytes of 22 cancer cases and 25 healthy controls. Using a human cervical cancer cell line, HeLa, as target cells, we compared the CKA in circulating leukocytes, as effector cells, of cancer cases and controls. The CKA was normalized as percentages of total target cells during selected periods of incubation time and at selected effector/target cell ratios in comparison to no-effector-cell controls. Our results showed that CKA similar to that of our previous study of SR/CR mice was present in human circulating leukocytes but at profoundly different levels in individuals. Overall, males have a significantly higher CKA than females. The CKA levels in cancer cases were lower than that in healthy controls (mean ± SD: 36.97 ± 21.39 vs. 46.28 ± 27.22). Below-median CKA was significantly associated with case status (odds ratio = 4.36; 95% Confidence Interval = 1.06, 17.88) after adjustment of gender and race. In freshly isolated human leukocytes, we were able to detect an apparent CKA in a similar manner to that of cancer-resistant SR/CR mice. The finding of CKA at lower levels in cancer patients suggests the possibility that it may be of a consequence of genetic, physiological, or pathological conditions, pending future studies with larger sample size. It has been proposed that elements of the renin angiotensin system expressed in the arterial wall are critical for the development of atherosclerosis. Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) is highly expressed by the endothelium and is responsible for a critical enzymatic step in the generation of angiotensin II. However, the functional contribution of ACE expression in the vascular wall in atherogenesis is unknown. Therefore, we made use of unique genetic models in which mice without expression of ACE in the vascular wall were crossed with apoE-/- mice in order to determine the contribution of tissue ACE expression to atherosclerotic lesion formation. Methods and Results Mice expressing either a soluble form of ACE (ACE 2/2) or mice with somatic ACE expression restricted to the liver and kidney (ACE 3/3) on an ApoE-/- background were placed on a standard chow or Western diet for 6 months. Atherosclerotic lesion area in the ACE 2/2 mice was significantly lower than that seen in the ACE 3/3 mice. However, these animals also had significantly lower blood pressure and reduced plasma ACE activity which precluded establishing a specific causal relationship between absent tissue ACE activity and decreased atherosclerotic lesion extent. Therefore, we studied the ACE 3/3 mice which are normotensive and lack vascular ACE expression. In the ACE 3/3 animals, atherosclerotic lesion area was no different from wild type controls despite reduced plasma ACE activity. We concluded that under these experimental conditions, expression of ACE in the arterial wall is not required for atherosclerotic lesion formation. angiotensin; atherosclerosis; endothelium We report the first use of ultrasonic standing waves to achieve cell cycle phase synchronization in mammalian cells in a high-throughput and reagent-free manner. The acoustophoretic cell synchronization (ACS) device utilizes volume-dependent acoustic radiation force within a microchannel to selectively purify target cells of desired phase from an asynchronous mixture based on cell cycle-dependent fluctuations in size. We show that ultrasonic separation allows for gentle, scalable and label-free synchronization with high G1 phase synchrony (~84%) and throughput (3×106 cells/hour/microchannel). Sample preparation is often the most tedious and demanding step in an assay, but it also plays an essential role in determining the quality of results. As biological questions and analytical methods become increasingly sophisticated, there is a rapidly growing need for systems that can reliably and reproducibly separate cells and particles with high purity, throughput and recovery. Microfluidics technology represents a compelling approach in this regard, allowing precise control of separation forces for high performance separation in inexpensive, or even disposable, devices. In addition, microfluidics technology enables the fabrication of arrayed and integrated systems that operate either in parallel or in tandem, in a capacity that would be difficult to achieve in macro-scale systems. In this report, we use recent examples from our work to illustrate the potential of microfluidic cell- and particle-sorting devices. We demonstrate the potential of chip-based high-gradient magnetophoresis that enable high-purity separation through reversible trapping of target particles paired with high-stringency washing with minimal loss. We also describe our work in the development of devices that perform simultaneous multi-target sorting, either through precise control of magnetic and fluidic forces or through the integration of multiple actuation forces into a single monolithic device. We believe that such devices may serve as a powerful “front-end” module of highly integrated analytical platforms capable of providing actionable diagnostic information directly from crude, unprocessed samples - the success of such systems may hold the key to advancing point-of-care diagnostics and personalized medicine. Sample preparation; Cell sorting; Magnetophoresis; Microfluidics Hyperparathyroidism in humans and continuous parathyroid hormone (cPTH) treatment in mice cause bone loss by regulating the production of RANKL and OPG by stromal cells (SCs) and osteoblasts (OBs). Recently, it has been reported that T cells are required for cPTH to induce bone loss as the binding of the T cell costimulatory molecule CD40L to SC receptor CD40 augments SC sensitivity to cPTH. However it is unknown whether direct PTH stimulation of T cells is required for cPTH to induce bone loss, and whether T cells contribute to the bone catabolic activity of PTH with mechanisms other than induction of CD40 signaling in SCs. Here we show that silencing of PTH receptor 1 (PPR) in T cells blocks the bone loss and the osteoclastic expansion induced by cPTH, thus demonstrating that PPR signaling in T cells is central for PTH-induced reduction of bone mass. Mechanistic studies revealed that PTH activation of the T cell PPR stimulates T cell production of the osteoclastogenic cytokine tumor necrosis factor α (TNF). Attesting to the relevance of this effect, disruption of T cell TNF production prevents PTH-induced bone loss. We also show that a novel mechanism by which TNF mediates PTH induced osteoclast formation is upregulation of CD40 expression in SCs, which increases their RANKL/OPG production ratio. These findings demonstrate that PPR signaling in T cells plays an essential role in PTH induced bone loss by promoting T cell production of TNF. A previously unknown effect of TNF is to increase SC expression of CD40, which in turn increases SC osteoclastogenic activity by upregulating their RANKL/OPG production ratio. PPR-dependent stimulation of TNF production by T cells and the resulting TNF regulation of CD40 signaling in SCs are potential new therapeutic targets for the bone loss of hyperparathyroidism. Spontaneous regression/complete resistance (SR/CR) mice are a unique colony of mice that possess an inheritable, natural cancer resistance mediated primarily by innate cellular immunity. This resistance is effective against sarcoma 180 (S180) at exceptionally high doses and these mice remain healthy. In this study, we challenged SR/CR mice with additional lethal transplantable mouse cancer cell lines to determine their resistance spectrum. The ability of these transplantable cancer cell lines to induce leukocyte infiltration was quantified and the percentage of different populations of responding immune cells was determined using flow cytometry. In comparison to wild type (WT) mice, SR/CR mice showed significantly higher resistance to all cancer cell lines tested. However, SR/CR mice were more sensitive to MethA sarcoma (MethA), B16 melanoma (B16), LL/2 lung carcinoma (LL/2) and J774 lymphoma (J774) than to sarcoma 180 (S180) and EL-4 lymphoma (EL-4). Further mechanistic studies revealed that this lower resistance to MethA and LL/2 was due to the inability of these cancer cells to attract SR/CR leukocytes, leading to tumor cell escape from resistance mechanism. This escape mechanism was overcome by co-injection with S180, which could attract SR/CR leukocytes allowing the mice to resist higher doses of MethA and LL/2. S180-induced cell-free ascites fluid (CFAF) co-injection recapitulated the results obtained with live S180 cells, suggesting that this chemoattraction by cancer cells is mediated by diffusible molecules. We also tested for the first time whether SR/CR mice were able to resist additional cancer cell lines prior to S180 exposure. We found that SR/CR mice had an innate resistance against EL-4 and J774. Our results suggest that the cancer resistance in SR/CR mice is based on at least two separate processes: leukocyte migration/infiltration to the site of cancer cells and recognition of common surface properties on cancer cells. The infiltration of SR/CR leukocytes was based on both the innate ability of leukocytes to respond to chemotactic signals produced by cancer cells and on whether cancer cells produced these chemotactic signals. We found that some cancer cells could escape from SR/CR resistance because they did not induce infiltration of SR/CR leukocytes. However, if infiltration of leukocytes was induced by co-injection with chemotactic factors, these same cancer cells could be effectively recognized and killed by SR/CR leukocytes. Spontaneous Regression/Complete Resistant (SR/CR) mice are a colony of cancer-resistant mice that can detect and rapidly destroy malignant cells with innate cellular immunity, predominately mediated by granulocytes. Our previous studies suggest that several effector mechanisms, such as perforin, granzymes, or complements, may be involved in the killing of cancer cells. However, none of these effector mechanisms is known as critical for granulocytes. Additionally, it is unclear which effector mechanisms are required for the cancer killing activity of specific leukocyte populations and the survival of SR/CR mice against the challenges of lethal cancer cells. We hypothesized that if any of these effector mechanisms was required for the resistance to cancer cells, its functional knockout in SR/CR mice should render them sensitive to cancer challenges. This was tested by cross breeding SR/CR mice into the individual genetic knockout backgrounds of perforin (Prf-/-), superoxide (Cybb-/), or inducible nitric oxide (Nos2-/). SR/CR mice were bred into individual Prf-/-, Cybb-/-, or Nos2-/- genetic backgrounds and then challenged with sarcoma 180 (S180). Their overall survival was compared to controls. The cancer killing efficiency of purified populations of macrophages and neutrophils from these immunodeficient mice was also examined. When these genetically engineered mice were challenged with cancer cells, the knockout backgrounds of Prf-/-, Cybb-/-, or Nos2-/- did not completely abolish the SR/CR cancer resistant phenotype. However, the Nos2-/- background did appear to weaken the resistance. Incidentally, it was also observed that the male mice in these immunocompromised backgrounds tended to be less cancer-resistant than SR/CR controls. Despite the previously known roles of perforin, superoxide or nitric oxide in the effector mechanisms of innate immune responses, these effector mechanisms were not required for cancer-resistance in SR/CR mice. The resistance was functional when any one of these effector mechanisms was completely absent, except some noticeably reduced penetrance, but not abolishment, of the phenotype in the male background in comparison to female background. These results also indicate that some other effector mechanism(s) of granulocytes may be involved in the killing of cancer cells in SR/CR mice. Both phenotypic plasticity and genetic determination can be important for understanding how plants respond to environmental change. However, little is known about the plastic response of leaf teeth and leaf dissection to temperature. This gap is critical because these leaf traits are commonly used to reconstruct paleoclimate from fossils, and such studies tacitly assume that traits measured from fossils reflect the environment at the time of their deposition, even during periods of rapid climate change. We measured leaf size and shape in Acer rubrum derived from four seed sources with a broad temperature range and grown for two years in two gardens with contrasting climates (Rhode Island and Florida). Leaves in the Rhode Island garden have more teeth and are more highly dissected than leaves in Florida from the same seed source. Plasticity in these variables accounts for at least 6–19 % of the total variance, while genetic differences among ecotypes probably account for at most 69–87 %. This study highlights the role of phenotypic plasticity in leaf-climate relationships. We suggest that variables related to tooth count and leaf dissection in A. rubrum can respond quickly to climate change, which increases confidence in paleoclimate methods that use these variables. Spontaneous Regression/Complete Resistant (SR/CR) mice are resistant to cancer through a mechanism that is mediated entirely by leukocytes of innate immunity. Transfer of leukocytes from SR/CR mice can confer cancer resistance in wild-type (WT) recipients in both preventative and therapeutic settings. In the current studies, we investigated factors that may impact the efficacy and functionality of SR/CR donor leukocytes in recipients. In sex-mismatched transfers, functionality of female donor leukocytes was not affected in male recipients. In contrast, male donor leukocytes were greatly affected in the female recipients. In MHC-mismatches, recipients of different MHC backgrounds, or mice of different strains, showed a greater negative impact on donor leukocytes than sex-mismatches. The negative effects of sex-mismatch and MHC-mismatch on donor leukocytes were additive. Old donor leukocytes performed worse than young donor leukocytes in all settings including in young recipients. Young recipients were not able to revive the declining function of old donor leukocytes. However, the function of young donor leukocytes declined gradually in old recipients, suggesting that an aged environment may contain factors that are deleterious to cellular functions. The irradiation of donor leukocytes prior to transfers had a profound suppressive effect on donor leukocyte functions, possibly as a result of impaired transcription. The cryopreserving of donor leukocytes in liquid nitrogen had no apparent effect on donor leukocyte functions, except for a small loss of cell number after revival from freezing. Despite the functional suppression of donor leukocytes in sex- and MHC-mismatched recipients, as well as old recipients, there was a therapeutic time period during the initial few weeks during which donor leukocytes were functional before their eventual rejection or functional decline. The eventual rejection of donor leukocytes will likely prevent donor leukocyte engraftment which would help minimize the risk of transfusion-associated graft-versus-host disease. Therefore, using leukocytes from healthy donors with high anti-cancer activity may be a feasible therapeutic concept for treating malignant diseases. A national survey of medical school admissions administrators was used to assess the acceptability of applicants' qualifications that included degrees earned partly online, partly in a community college, or in a traditional program. A questionnaire was sent from The Florida State University in 2007 to admissions administrators in the 125 accredited allopathic medical schools in the United States. In each of three situations, the respondents were asked to select one of two hypothetical applicants to invite for an interview. The applicants with their coursework taken in a traditional-residential setting were overwhelmingly preferred over the applicant holding the degree earned partly online. Further analysis indicated that online courses were perceived as not presenting sufficient opportunity for students to develop important social skills through interaction with other students and mentors. Graduate school admissions; online degrees; acceptability
HARTFORD, Conn. – Connecticut’s Mohegan tribe, reaching back into its history and a game of stickball North American Indians began centuries ago, announced Wednesday it will be part owner of a professional lacrosse team. Mohegan Sun and Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, which also operates a casino in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, said they bought half the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League. The team will move to Uncasville, Connecticut, and play its first game in December at Mohegan Sun Arena. The new franchise name will be announced at a later date. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. “The Mohegan Tribe is thrilled to be associated with a game with centuries-old roots with the Eastern Woodland Indians,” said tribal chairman Kevin Brown. The Mohegans are the second Indian affiliation to own a team in the National Lacrosse League; Curt Styres, a Mohawk of Canada’s Six Nations, is owner of the Rochester Knighthawks in upstate New York. The league said it’s committed to honouring the culture and history of lacrosse, which was started by Indians more than 700 years ago. The Philadelphia Wings, which is owned and operated by Philadelphia Wings LP, announced on July 11 the team would move for the 2015 season. “The financial model in a market with so many sport and entertainment alternatives has proven to be unsustainable,” Michael French, Wings owner and team president, said at the time. “Finding a new venue with new strategic partners was the only way to ensure financial stability.” He said Wednesday that the New England market for men’s and women’s lacrosse has been expanding at a “phenomenal pace.” It’s the second professional sports team acquired by the Mohegans, who have owned the Connecticut Sun of the WNBA since 2003. National Lacrosse League Commissioner George Daniel said the purchase by the Mohegans is a “great model” because of the tribe’s ownership of the Mohegan Sun, its control of the arena and ancillary revenue such as parking, food and beverages. Lacrosse draws an average of 9,500 fans for each game and outstrips WNBA and European basketball leagues, he said. Follow Stephen Singer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SteveSinger10
A car was pinned under an 18 wheeler early Saturday morning and police say a drunk driver was to blame for causing the crash. It was just before 1 a.m. when the woman behind the wheel of a silver SUV slammed into the back of a black BMW. That BMW then crashed into the back of a 18-wheeler. The BMW and the big rig were stopped at a red light at SPID and Everhart when the crash happened. The suspected drunk was given a field sobriety test, then was placed in handcuffs, and put in the back of a police unit. As far as injuries, Police say the passenger in the SUV probably broke her foot. The people in the BMW had only bumps and bruises, the driver of the truck wasn't hurt. The woman arrested is now in jail on a dwi and an intoxication assault charge.
Final THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 Trailer Gives Closer Look at Rhino, Goblin CREDIT: Sony Pictures After a bevy of trailers, teasers, clips, and TV spots, here's what Sony is calling the "Final Trailer" for The Amazing Spider-Man 2. There are better looks at The Rhino, Green Goblin, the Goblin Glider, and more. The movie hits theaters May 2, 2015. Look for more on Spidey later today...
An Iconic Fantasy Baseball Community Moderator: Baseball Moderators Rkiivs wrote:I give RB the nod here for his early output, but he's gonna have trouble accounting for himself in later rounds now that he plays that sappy Celtic medieval music. Fireball Express wrote:I slept in a Deep Purple t-shirt last night. Saw them this past March at he Beacon. I wish Blackmore was still in the band. Steve Morse proved to be an excellent replacement. I like RB's stuff from Rainbow too. Rising is an awesome album. Not sure who that other guy is on this poll. Can't give him my vote because I plead ignorance. Phil Keagy, hmmm. Maybe I should check him out if he made this poll. Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 2 guests
Subject: Re: Inconsistent dependency handling To: None <email@example.com> From: None <firstname.lastname@example.org> Date: 05/24/2006 21:51:58 On Wed, May 24, 2006 at 03:12:24PM -0400, Chapman Flack wrote: > The difference also applies between two cases of binary installation: > 1. via the bin-install target (directly), and 2. by pkg_add as a > prerequisite of something it is installing. The major difference in that case is that bin-install does exact matching and pkg_add looks for the latest version of a package. > Also still missing is the "slicker way, possible future work" in > [http://mail-index.netbsd.org/tech-pkg/2005/03/20/0023.html ~halfway] > --the idea that there shouldn't be two independent > ways of deciding what binary package to install, one implemented in > bsd.pkg.mk and one implemented in pkg_add for the automatic installation > of prerequisite packages, but the makefile should pass some information > to pkg_add to guide its decisions, and what pkg_add isn't able to figure > out on its own it should hand back off to the make system again. This description of the situation is IMO incorrect. pkgsrc normally requires exact matches for bin-install as dependency and therefore pkg_add wouldn't pick the best match. The only situation were this makes a difference is when a newer version is available as binary package than available in the tree. Often this is a broken dependency though. > - I want some exceptions to "bin-install where possible", for instance I > don't want the ftp.n.o binary of kdelibs because I want a kdelibs built > with option cups. I added code (not committed yet) that sets > BINPKG_SITES= for any package whose PKG_OPTIONS.foo differs from its > PKG_SUGGESTED_OPTIONS. (I am typing this from memory so don't shoot me > if I get some of the variable names wrong.) This should have the effect > I consider ideal: because the local packages/All directory is > unconditionally prepended, if I already have a binary package stored > locally (presumably built with my options), that is installed, but if > not, no searching of ftp sites is done and that package is built from > source with my options. I'd prefer to see options encoded in the binary package name instead, which would fix this problem as well. It would need some extensions to Dewey to match options, but that's a separate question. > But of course it doesn't work because if package bar, with unmodified > options, is being installed from the ftp site, and depends on kdelibs, > not yet installed, pkg_add just grabs kdelibs at the same time. Argh. > So somehow pkg_add needs a way to consult the make infrastructure for > each prerequisite it is about to automatically install, to decide if > a binary install for that package is ok. Note that my original proposal > in the e-mail needs to be extended somehow to cover this case. pkg_add should *never* consult the make system. The relationship if any is "source build use pkg_add", but never the other way around. This might be solvable by requesting pkg_add to be non-recursive, but in general is a difficult problem. I'm not sure whether this can be solved elegantly though. A combination of pkg-summary and a "reject" list (aka don't install binary packages matching this pattern) might do this, but frankly I'm not sure if it worth the trouble. > - I set SUSE_PREFER=9.1 because the binary firefox I want to install > won't run against 10.0. But that doesn't stop pkg_add looking > for suse_foo>=9.1 and deciding that 10.0 satisfies the Dewey match. This is similiar to the PHP problem. For that it is solved by the additional API requirement (php-4.4.*), but this is one of the situation where we might want to extend the current Dewey patterns. The other situation is being able to specify alternative matches (e.g. foo|bar as pattern matches everything foo and bar matches, when in doubt, it prefers packages matching foo). I think those are the only non-Dewey pattern which can not be easily converted. > Since it looks like you /did/ get funded to rewrite pkg_install > (congrats :) I suppose this is the right time. :) You are the second person which knows more than I do :-)
Inbee Park pulled within seven shots of the leader Na-Yeon Choi before high winds suspended yesterday’s third round of the Women’s British Open. Play on the Old Course in St. Andrews, Scotland, was halted at 12:33 p.m. local time (7:33 a.m. New York) by gusts of up to 38 miles per hour (61 kilometers per hour). After a 5 1/2-hour wait, tournament officials announced that golf would resume today at 6:15 a.m. Park was 1-under par through four holes before the stoppage and is 3 under for the tournament. The South Korean is seeking to become the first golfer to win four major professional championships in a calendar year. Choi leads at 10 under, one shot better than Japan’s Miki Saiki and two ahead of Morgan Pressel of the U.S. American Nicole Castrale, South Korea’s Jee-Young Lee and Denmark’s Suzann Pettersen are all 7 under. None of the leaders started the third round. Park, who is tied for 20th place, is bidding for her fourth major title of 2013 after winning her second U.S. Women’s Open last month. She captured the LPGA Championship in June and the Kraft Nabisco Championship in April. The LPGA is adding the Evian Masters in September as a fifth major this year. Babe Zaharias was the last woman to win the first three majors in a season, in 1950, five years before a fourth Grand Slam tournament was added. Pat Bradley, in 1986, was the last woman to win three major titles in a year. Tiger Woods held all four men’s major titles at the same time by winning the U.S. Open, British Open and PGA Championship in 2000 and adding the Masters Tournament the following year. Bobby Jones is the only golfer to win four majors in one calendar year, taking the U.S. and British opens and U.S. and British amateur championships in 1930.
Mt. Hood Cycling Classic - When: Sunday, June 23, 2013, time TBA - Where: Columbia Gorge - Cost: $125 - $200 - Age limit: Not available - Categories: Outdoor, Sports One of the top professional/amateur cycling events in North American for both men and women, Mt. Hood Cycling Classic is well-known and respected in the cycling world for its scenic beauty, epic courses, and superb organization. As a result of this reputation, it is one of the premier races in the country. Big mountain climbs, flat desert roads, and dense forests greet riders and showcase the diverse nature of the regions landscape. For more info visit www.mthoodcyclingclassic.com.
Charlie's Big Betposted by Scott Engler Eleven of the nation's elite senior prospects who are still shopping will be on hand Saturday. So will 11 of Notre Dame's 15 committed recruits. And there will be 19 of the nation's top juniors in attendance.Irish Sports Daily reports that some of the top recruits in the country including Seantrel Henderson, Josh Shaw, Louis Nix, Chris Martin and surprise visitor all-world wide receiver and USC commit Kyle Prater will be on campus this weekend. If Charlie can pull it off, he'll likely pull off a top 5 class as well. Go big or go home. Wherever the chips fall, you can't fault Weis for shying away from a big game, he's embracing it. And it's just possible his team may make the jump from being able to win to expecting to win. Weis believes that the mindset is changing as he noted in his press conference. Once again, I'm going reiterate it, I mean, they understand the talent level who they're going against, but I'd say, you know, this is probably the first time since I've been here where the players really believe they're going to win. You know, they might be in the minority but they certainly believe that.While not an absolute must win game for Weis, it's become very important for him to prove he can get more out of his players than the sum of the parts and in the minds of many, this is the game to prove that. A blowout loss to SC might be the end of Charlie's run in South Bend. Weis has to prove he has that leadership intangible or at least that he can nurture it in his team. The problem for Notre Dame is that while the Irish have looked very good on offense to this point, they haven't played one top defense in five games and USC is a top five defense that HAS owned the Irish. Notre Dame hasn't scored a touchdown against USC since 2006. On the other side of the ball, USC has been gashing teams with the run and, unfortunately, teams have have been gashing ND with the run. Before the year started it was easy to see that USC's offensive line against our defensive line would be a mismatch and negate ND's clearest advantage, at quarterback. If SC is running the ball for 5 and 6 yards a carry, Matt Barkley won't be forced into tough decisions. This game will likely be decided, as most games are, up front and on turnovers. If ND's line can protect Clausen, ND can be successful through the air which could open up the ground game. USC's linebackers are so fast, that slow developing plays will be eaten alive, so I hope Charlie's tabled trickery that could go backward. Oregon State beat USC by hitting them up the gut. Defense wins big games and right now Notre Dame's defense is woeful. To win this game, ND's defensive line will have to play at a completely different level than it has the first five games. The offense doesn't have to make a ton of big plays, more than it has to not make big mistakes and be efficient. Turnovers against the Irish will end this early. It's been said about other games, but this is Charlie's biggest game. I haven't written very much this season, because I haven't been able to tell very much about this Irish team the first five games. Everyone's willing to give Charlie a shot, but in year five with a talented team, it's time to either become great or step aside and Weis has made a very big, possibly career making/ending bet on this game. Here's how I see it: - Win and the Irish have a very good shot at the BCS and another top five recruiting class. - Lose a close one and we're back in purgatory. - Lose big and the Gruden, Saban, Meyer, Kelly talk heats up again, recruits drop off and Weis could end up in a death spiral. And after more than a few notes from Irish supports, the cover of my book has changed from Trojan colors to a more palatable gold and green. Amazon is still updating this.
(Kansas City, Mo.) - Matt Brown, who has led the University of Missouri-Kansas City men's basketball program for the last six seasons, has been dismissed as head coach, Director of Athletics Tim Hall announced Tuesday. "Matt ran our men's basketball program with dignity," Hall said. "He put student-athlete welfare and academics in the forefront. The coaches and student-athletes have represented UMKC and Kansas City in a first class manner under his watch, and I personally wish him nothing but the best." Brown posted a 64-122 overall record in his career with the 'Roos, and finished the 2012-13 season with an 8-24 mark. The squad tied for seventh in the Summit League with a 5-11 record. Brown's best year came in 2010-11, when the squad posted a 16-14 overall record, finishing sixth in the league with a 9-9 clip. "I would like to thank Tim Hall, former Chancellor Guy Bailey, and current Chancellor Leo Morton for the opportunity to coach at UMKC the last six years," Brown said. "I am extremely excited to see what God has in store next for me and my family." There is one year remaining on Brown's contract.
Guide Your Sheep to Safety with Finger Shepherd Just a coupe of days ago, we brought you news about a game called Agent Sheep. In that article, we said that sheep were effectively “one of the most under-utilized farm animals in the world of gaming.” It seems that this was not entirely accurate because as it turns out, while we were writing about this, yet another game featuring the fluffy quadrupeds emerged from the depths of XDA-Developers, and XDA Forum Member ShibbyUK is the one responsible for making this happen. Finger Shepherd is an interesting puzzle type of game where you, a shepherd dog, need to pick up your sheep from across the land, flock them together, and make sure that they make it in one piece back in their pen, all in the least possible amount of time. You start off with your sheep scattered throughout different parts of the screen. Each time you touch on the screen will represent you barking at the sheep to try to get it to go where you want it to go. Sheep will try to run away from the bark, so you will need to use this to guide them all the way into the pen. As you go further along in the game, things will start getting more complex, as there will be obstacles that will either distract your sheep or put them in peril such as water, harvesters, and more. The game also features full 3D graphics and a score board where you can see your best times compared to other players around the world. The dev is looking for feedback and suggestions on how to improve the game. If you happen to download it, please let the dev know what you would like to see in future versions of it. Finger Shepherd: The game where You are the Sheepdog! Use your finger to herd your sheep to the safety of their pen. You can find more information in the original thread. Want something published in the Portal? Contact any News Writer.
Is your Champagne flute ready for Valentine’s Day? If, like many others, you plan to celebrate with this bubbly celebratory drink, you should know that it may not be vegan. Bon Appetit explains that the base for Champagne is typically a dry wine made from Pinot Noir, Chardonnay, Pinot Meunier, or a blend. Many wines, including Champagnes, go through a process that uses fining agents to clarify their product. These fining agents can include: - isinglass (swim bladders of fish) - gelatin (animal protein from the skin and connective tissue of pigs and cows) - carmine (the bodies of dried cochineal beetles) - casein (a protein derived from milk) - chitosan (made from crustaceans) - egg albumen (egg whites) Some champagnes also use sugar in their recipes, and many times this is refined using bone char. Finding out whether or not Champagne is vegan simply by looking at the bottle is usually not reliable. Typically the bottle will not be labeled vegan, nor will it state clearly which fining agents are used. The good news is there are vegan Champagnes out there! Some popular Champagnes, including Chandon and Dom Perignon are said to be vegan. The website Barnivore is an excellent source to help look up specific champagnes like these, though you should be sure to read the comments from the company (and other commenters) about each product to verify the claim. (Keep in mind that Barnivore does not discriminate between vegan and non-vegan sugar.) UPDATE: After looking more closely into this issue, we have since decided that we cannot confirm the vegan status of any particular champagnes. Champagnes that might be vegan: Domaine Ste. Michelle (Blanc de Blancs, Blanc de Noirs, Brut, Extra Dry and Luxe) Champagnes that are NOT vegan: Korbel Natural Champagne (made with sugar refined using bone char, and possibly gelatin) Freixenet Sparkling Wines Gloria Ferrer Sparkling Wine Harmony Wynelands Wedding Champagne Korbel Brut and Extra Dry Louis Roederer Champagne Yellowglen Pink Champagne If you have a favorite Champagne, the best way to find out if it is vegan or not is to contact the company directly and ask them: “Is your Champagne vegan? Do you use fining agents? What about refined sugar?” If you opt for a different type of drink on Valentine’s Day, there are a number that are vegan, including Grey Goose, Absolut, and Don Julio Tequila. You can also toast with the classic non-alcoholic and vegan Martinelli’s Sparkling Cider. Or, better yet, you can check your local health food store or market for local drink varieties.
Haslet, TX Plumbers Jim England Plumbing For all your plumbing needs, contact Jim England Plumbing of Haslet, TX. We provide a variety of services which come in affordable prices. We guarantee you with the quality work that you truly deserve. Learn More About Jim England Plumbing: - Water heaters - Tankless water heaters - Garbage disposals Our license # is M12268. Contact Jim England Plumbing today at 817-431-8500 and let us be of service to you.
Large collection of radios and news from Ethiopia. Ethiopian radios brings a large collection of your favorite radios and FM stations from Ethiopia streaming live to your iOS devices. Radios from Ethiopia include: Radio Top Ethiopia Ethiopian News Radio Radio XOriyo- Ethiopia Radio Addis Ababa- Ethiopia Radio Eriterian Ethipian of Ethiopia Addis Ababa Music radios PS: All Ethiopian News and radios streams are live streams and therefore will only be available 24 hours if the radio stations broadcast 24 hours. Those stations that broadcast limited hours will be available only when it is broadcasting live in local time. - March 20, 2011 Price decrease: $0.99 -> FREE! - March 04, 2011 Price increase: FREE! -> $0.99 - February 24, 2011 New version 1.0 - September 02, 2015 New version 1.1 - October 21, 2015 New version 1.2
Cece the baby platy journal I wanted to start this journal, to keep track of my first baby fry platy, looks like it will be a mickey mouse platy just like his/her momma. Cece is 11 days old, when I first saw it, it had a little black on the tail and light orange. As it getting older the colors are becoming brighter and the black on the tail is starting to show the mickey mouse trait. I also have 3 red wag platys (2 female and 1 male) and one female gold twin-bar platy. So far they are leaving Cece alone, once in a while they will see it and chase it but Cece is a fast little bugger. Getting away and hiding in the plants I have in the tank.
Fiserv Rebrands ACCEL/Exchange to Accel The widely used ACCEL/Exchange debits payments network is now Accel, said its owner, Fiserv Inc. Fiserv said the name change reflects the network’s growth in size and functionality across retail, biller and social person-to-person channels that provide access to demand deposit account funds at ATMs and the point of sale. "Fiserv updated the network's name to reflect the 24x7-always-connected world we're living in," said David Keenan, general manager, Network Solutions, for Fiserv in Brookfield, Wis. Accel now claims 55 million debit cardholders using 3,100 financial institutions, 340,000 ATMs and more than 3 million merchant locations. "Our real-time payments platform, developed over the last 40 years, has expanded from ATM and retail payments to enabling social payments, as we demonstrated last year with the integration of Accel with our person-to-person payments service, Popmoney,” Keenan said Tuesday in a statement. Fiserv landed Popmoney with its 2011 purchase of CashEdge and combined it last year with the Zashpay P2P service the company had launched in 2009.
North American Governments Agree to Protect Wilderness The United States, Canada, and Mexico agreed this week to work together to protect wilderness areas across North America. The cooperation agreement establishes an intergovernmental committee to exchange research and approaches that address challenges such as climate change, fire control, and invasive species in land, marine, and coastal protected areas throughout the continent. "This agreement will allow for the exchange of successful experiences, monitoring, and training of human resources, as well as the financing of projects that will protect and recover wild areas," said Mexican President Felipe Calderón at the opening ceremony of the Ninth World Wilderness Congress in Mérida, Mexico. The three nations have long cooperated on wilderness management - programs have straddle the U.S.-Canadian border since 1910 and the U.S.-Mexican border since the 1930s. Yet the memorandum of understanding is the first multinational agreement on wilderness protection, according to Vance Martin, president of the Wild Foundation. Article continues: http://www.worldwatch.org/node/6316
HARRISBURG — Forty-four years after his body was discovered on the side of the Pennsylvania Turnpike, the state police have identified and are looking for information in the apparent murder of a U.S. Marine who’d twice received the Purple Heart in Vietnam. Corporal Robert Daniel Corriveau was just 20 but had already been wounded three separate times in Vietnam before a state trooper on turnpike patrol found him stabbed through the heart Nov. 18, 1968. Corriveau was originally classified and buried as a John Doe because he had no identification on him. The state trooper discovered the man in a seated position roughly a mile east of the Downingtown interchange, according to a release from the state police Thursday. The case was classified as a homicide. Looking to “further the investigation” in July 2009, the state police Criminal Investigation Assessment/Missing Persons Unit with the Chester County District Attorney’s Office and the Chester County Coroner’s Office exhumed the unidentified body and took bone samples. The samples were sent to the University of Northern Texas Center for Human Identification. A DNA sample was taken from the bone sample and put into the nationwide missing persons DNA database. In addition to the DNA sample, police said there were indications that the murdered man was in the military because of his physical description and two tattoos: one with “a bird in flight with a heart in the background and the other being a bulldog wearing a World War I helmet with (the) letters ‘USMC’ printed below it.” As such, a plea for help in the case was put out to the U.S. Naval Criminal Investigative Service Cold Case Unit the U.S. Marine Corps Absentee Collection Unit, the police said. In May, the DNA was “positively identified” as Corriveau’s. Police said when Corriveau disappeared, he was a patient at the Philadelphia Naval Hospital being treated “for a combat related condition,” possibly the same condition that he also received treatment for at the Chelsea Naval Hospital in Chelsea, Mass. He was discovered missing from the Philadelphia Naval Hospital 7:50 a.m. the day he was discovered dead on the turnpike, Nov. 18. Corriveau, originally from Lawrence, Mass., enlisted in the Marines in March 1965 and served several tours in Vietnam. The state police are looking for information from anyone who may have served with Corriveau, as well as anyone who may have been staff or patients at the Philadelphia Naval Hospital in October and November in 1968. Those with information are asked to contact the state police at 610-268-5158 or email RA-1968MarineDeath@pa.gov. Anyone with a tip in the Corriveau case or any other “serious crime or wanted person” can call the Pennsylvania Crime Stoppers at 1-800-4PA-TIPS or visit the website at www.PACrimeStoppers.org A reward may be available for tips made.
I'm going to attempt something that will probably seem unethical to some -- that is, review a book that I do not own (or as I see it, review a book that I wasn't suckered into buying). This is a book however that I've spent some time looking through and admittedly have been tempted to buy (mostly due to the hype surrounding it) but every time I move the pages from cover to cover I have the realization that I'm looking at crap and therefore -- when my brain starts working again -- I put it back on the shelf and step away. This has happened a few times and each time I feel the pull of hype and I am able to repel it thankfully even with the sticker on the new edition touting its greatness. The book I'm speaking of is called Empty Bottles by Wassink Lundgren and it won the Contemporary Book Award for 2007 at the Rencontres d'Arles photo festival in France. Let me proceed by asking a question. How many photographers does it take to make mediocre photographs of Chinese people picking up empty plastic bottles? In this case it would be two. The photographic duo of Wassink and Lundgren have worked on many books together and Empty Bottles is the latest. Yes, that is right, this is a collaborative effort between two people. Stunning collaboration gentlemen. My question is are there two brains at work here? The first printing of 750 copies sold out quickly after the hype at Arles with a copy now fetching over $400 on the Photoeye auction website. Hundreds of copies were available at the first annual New York photo festival which featured an exhibition of his work curated by none other than Martin Parr. Now if you've noticed in the past here at 5B4 Photography and Books I do not particularly enjoy negatively reviewing books. Who would? I don't have axes to grind and I want to share work that excites me in a finely crafted book. In this case, what kept me picking up the book was the design and presentation and had absolutely nothing to do with what I realized was incredibly boring photography. Has photography turned down such a blind alley to where this is an example of something that we are holding up for higher consideration? Arles or no Arles...don't believe the hype. I hope there is a day when we come to our senses and realize that there is much more to be offered and much more to get excited about. I can only hope that that day arrives soon as I do not think I can stomach picking up more of these empty vessels.
Yankees prove they have learned lesson by letting Robinson Cano walk The average New York Yankees fan is not going to be pleased that Robinson Cano is not in pinstripes when the 2014 MLB season begins. Those who understand the game of baseball can rest assured that some of the best deals a team makes are the ones it doesn’t make. Cano reportedly agreed to a 10-year, $240 million deal with the Seattle Mariners on Friday. The Mariners will likely make up most of that money in merchandise and ticket sales, but they are going to regret the contract from a baseball standpoint. No team was going to land Cano without paying an absurd amount of money, but massive contracts like the one Cano signed have gotten the Yankees into trouble recently. Look no further than Alex Rodriguez, who signed a 10-year, $275 million deal with New York back in 2007. A-Rod was 32 at the time. Cano is 31. The deals are fairly similar, and now the Yankees are left praying Rodriguez is suspended for a significant amount of time so they can be relieved of some of the financial burden. To give you some perspective, the Boston Red Sox signed 30-year-old Dustin Pedroia to an eight-year, $110 million extension back in July. Is Pedroia the same type of power hitter as Cano? Hardly, but he is the heart and soul of the Red Sox and a former American League MVP. He’s also better than Cano defensively. Somehow, a team felt that Cano is worth $130 million more than Pedroia. How about Albert Pujols? He signed an identical contract to Cano’s with the Los Angeles Angels just before his 32nd birthday. While there is plenty of time for Pujols to revert to his old form, he has already battled significant injuries and is undoubtedly making the organization panic about his contract. I’m sure he has several quality seasons left, but there is no way Pujols will hold up over the length of his 10-year deal. The thing that really seems to be irritating Yankees fans is the fact that their team just signed Jacoby Ellsbury to a seven-year, $153 million deal before letting Cano walk. New York probably overpaid for Ellsbury, but you can’t sign top free agents without overpaying in this era. Signing Ellsbury to a seven-year deal has nothing to do with passing on Cano. Fans may not realize it now, but the Yankees made the right decision. There is always going to be a desperate team out there, and the Mariners proved to be that team. New York did the right thing. Those who don’t realize that now will likely see it in four or five years.
RICHARD AMBROSE (PTC): If you wanted to travel into space you need the backing of a government and a rich government at that. But it's all starting to change. The 21st century is heralding the arrival of the rocketeer privateer VO: On the 21st of June 2004 SpaceShipOne went rocketing into the history books when it became the first privately funded manned vehicle to make it into space. It was carried to an altitude of nearly 14 kilometers by its launcher White Knight before it broke free and fired its own rocket engine. Although it only burned for 80 seconds the rocket produced enough thrust to send the tiny craft hurtling one hundred kilometers above the Earth, to come down the wings were tilted and SpaceShipOne flew effortlessly to Earth. JONNY PHILLIPS (PTC): Unfortunately our pockets aren't quite as deep as Richard Branston's. RICHARD AMBROSE (SYNC - TO JONNY): Branson -Branson, mate. JONNY (SYNC - TO RICHARD): Oh right - I thought he was the guy the made the pickle. Anyway how much have we got? RICHARD: 30 quid. 30 quid. But with some creative thinking I think we can come up with something. JONNY: Yeah - yeah - cool. RICHARD AMBROSE (PTC): So Jonny and I have come up with a pressurized water rocket. You can make these at home. What you need is an air pump that supplies the pressure. You need a bicycle valve, from an inner tube. A section of wine cork, screwed in there like that. That's the clever bit. A bit of water. A stand. And obviously the rocket which is my mini V2. VO: Getting the ratio of water to air right is crucial. Richard reckons a two liter bottle, filled with a third of water, should launch it to a good height. When the cork can't withstand the air pressure any more, you have lift off. RICHARD (SYNC): Four - five - Cor - yes. Way. That's 50 feet. It's a good one. Jonny - next one. JONNY (SYNC): Not bad Rich, but I think I can do better. I've got a bigger pump and a bigger rocket. VO: Richard's rocket took about 80 pounds per square inch before it went off. That's around three times the pressure of a car tire. JONNY (SYNC): Come on. You could sell this as an exercise. It's absolutely knackering. VO: With this bigger pump, Jonny is hoping for one hundred psi. but there's no quick way of getting it in there. RICHARD: Oh my God. JONNY: I didn't see how high it went because I was facing the other way. But it sounded pretty good. How was it? RICHARD: It was excellent. It went rocketing off it that direction. You probably cleared 50 feet but it went a long - JONNY: 50 feet at an angle? RICHARD: Yeah - that was excellent. But I've got something bigger than that mate. Stand clear. RICHARD (SYNC): I've got a fat one and I've got a bad boy to fire it up. Now stand back. VO: The compressor is providing one hundred and twenty times more pressure than Jonny's foot pump. RICHARD: Whoa hoo hoo. RICHARD: That was superb. RICHARD: We're not going into outer space with this one
GE Industrial Systems (GEIS) is implementing a major product life-cycle management project that it hopes will reduce product development time, improve supply chain efficiency and cut costs. By submitting your email address, you agree to receive emails regarding relevant topic offers from TechTarget and its partners. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Contact TechTarget at 275 Grove Street, Newton, MA. The General Electric subsidiary said it is using product life-cycle management technology from MatrixOne to develop a collaborative environment for planning, development, sourcing and programme management. When the project is fully implemented in about two years, more than 10,000 GEIS employees worldwide will be able to log onto a central portal site to collaborate on a variety of activities. "There are several business issues that we are trying to address," said Eric Reed, manager of the My Workplace portal site at GEIS. Centralising the millions of documents associated with the products GEIS builds, and making the repository accessible from anywhere via the portal, will give the company greater flexibility in where it designs and builds systems, Reed said. Eventually, the environment will also be linked with suppliers, he added. Return on investment will come through faster product development times and greater efficiency, Reed said. He declined to say what the savings would be. The product life-cycle management system will allow GEIS to work closer with its suppliers, which can then be more directly involved in the product development process. The project has involved migrating nearly 15 million product-related documents from legacy systems into the MatrixOne environment. Meeting the specialised document management requirements of the engineering community was especially challenging, as was getting user buy-in during the early stages when there was little immediate benefit to demonstrate, Reed said. GEIS declined to disclose the cost of this project.
Saddle Covers & Bags Protecting your saddle is easy with our large selection of English saddle covers and saddle bags. Materials including Lycra®, cotton and fleece provide a soft surface to avoid scratches while protecting your saddle from dust and moisture. Available in sizes for all-purpose, close contact and dressage saddles, you'll be able to find saddle covers and saddle bags that have a perfect fit. Choose from a variety of styles, colors and custom options and monograms to protect your saddle with a style that is your own.
On TV, you have to boil down answers into the shortest, most concise sound bites. Right now, my favorite sound bite is "Invest in Yellow: Corn, Wheat and Gold". Some people might be scratching their heads and questioning why this is sound money advice. First of all, gold has outperformed other investments year over year. People that were invested in gold did not get creamed during the stock market dip. No, they profited. Gold continues its upward trend, and I'm still buying. Gold is a historical safe-haven during times of crisis. People who have gold and gold investments can hang onto their savings when their currency falls flat - something that I am predicting will happen to the U.S. Dollar and U.S. Government Bond market. While dollars go down in value, gold goes up. As for corn and wheat... people need to eat. They don't need plasma TV's or that little kitchen gadget that helps you stir peanut butter without making a mess. The population in India and especially China are growing faster than their food supply can handle. What does this mean? American farmers will thrive because the demand of agriculture products will continue to escalate. Prices on corn and wheat will rise, and investments in those areas will flourish. Agriculture commodities are dirt cheap right now, so get them while they are still on sale. I also like white by the way... specifically silver and sugar. I really love silver right now. It's still cheap and I wouldn't be surprised if it went up to $20/ounce this year. Please enjoy the following video I shot DIY-style to explain the basics about inflation.
“The Wizard of Oz” runs June 6-22 at the Baldwin Theatre, 415 S. Lafayette, Royal Oak. Advance tickets are $20 for Thursday shows, $22 Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays at www.stagecrafters.org (online handling fees apply) or by phone at 248-541-6430. Remaining tickets may be at the box office one hour before performance ($2 more per ticket). Student, military and senior discounts available for specific performances. The Good Witch, Bad Witch Ladies Night Out Fundraiser is 6 p.m. Wednesday, June 4, at Baldwin Theatre. Advance tickets are $30, available at Stagecrafters.org or at 248-541-6430. Patrons attending opening night Friday, June 6, may attend 7 p.m. pre-glow for hors d’oeuvres and beverages hosted by Blackfinn Ameripub of Royal Oak. If you though the movie was spectacular, just imagine staging “The Wizard of Oz” live on stage. “Technically, it’s one of the harder shows ever, with the set pieces and the flying, but it’s exciting,” says Randall Wrisinger of Royal Oak, who directing the musical for Stagecrafters at Baldwin Theatre in Royal Oak. He has been directing theater for more than 25 years — the last seven in Michigan — and previously directed “The Sound of Music,” a youth theater production of “Cinderella” and Irving Berlin’s “White Christmas” for Stagecrafters He auditioned 100 youths for this show, casting 15 children ages 8-18 and and 35 adults, plus a dog. “I was very lucky — a member of our cast had a neighbor with a rescued Cairn terrier that looked just like Toto,” Wrisinger said. “His real name is Jo-Jo — they work with him, and he and Dorothy have quite a relationship becaase she’s with him all the time.” Wrisinger’s Dorothy is 15-year-old Gabrielle Phillips of Lake Orion, who acted and sang in Stagecrafters’ “The Sound of Music” last year. It’s based on the 1939 MGM movie starring Judy Garland. It’s so iconic, some of its lines were voted into “The 100 Greatest Movie Lines” by Premier magazine in 2007. “Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain,” is No. 24. “This is the 75th anniversary of ‘The Wizard of Oz,’ and we’re doing the Royal Shakespeare version, but it’s exactly like the movie,” Wrisinger says. “The music is from the movie, the characters are from the movie, and of course the story.” Stagecrafters is a nonprofit community theater now in its 57th year. Musicians are paid, Wrisinger says, although the cast and technical crew work on a volunteer basis. But everyone strives for a professional level. The show opens on Friday, June 6. “We’ll be ready, but that’s a challenge with the professional effects,” he says. “The amount of work on the set and the sewing of costumes ... the costume changes are fast, and the makeup people have their work cut out for them. The casrt works so well together, but the technical crew is extraordinatry.” A special event connected to this production is the Good Witch, Bad Witch Ladies Night Out Fundraiser on Wednesday, June 4, at the Baldwin Theatre. This is a themed evening in which patrons dress as their favorite “good witch” or “bad witch,” for a pre-glow of hors d’oeuvres prepared by Café Muse of Royal Oak, drinks including a Flying Monkey Brew, shopping, a raffle, costume contest and preview performance of “The Wizard of Oz.” The event begins at 6 p.m., and costume prizes will be awarded in each category. The fundraiser is sponsored by Credit Union Advantage. “The Wizard of Oz” is sponsored by Miner’s Den Jewelers of Royal Oak. “I think that when people think about the movie, they have it in their minds what it’s supposed to look like,” Wrisinger says. “We’re gonna get that, but with a flair. It’s a little bit of ‘Wizard of Oz,’ a little bit of (the Broadway smash) ‘Wicked,’ so it’s ‘Wizard of Oz’ with a twist, and I’m very, very excited to share that.” One of the mysteries of the story is that many characters have dual roles — one in Oz and one at home in Kansas. And so do the actors. In case you’ve forgotten the story, Dorothy is growing up on a Kansas farm with Auntie Em (played by Helen Frizzo of Royal Oak) and Uncle Henry (Bill Glace of Ferndale). A mean neightbor, Miss Gulch (played by Elizabeth Schultz of Royal Oak) claims Dorothy’s dog bit her, and she takes him away. But Toto escapes, and Dorothy decides to run away with him. She meets Professor Marvel (Ron Otulakowski of Eastpointe) who convinces her to return home. When she arrives home, a tornado hits the area and causes her to fall and hit her head. When she awakes, she finds herself in the colorful Land of Oz, where she meets the people of Munchkinland and good witch Glinda (Randi Hamilton of Ferndale). Dorothy also meets the Wicked Witch of the West (Schultz) who wants the magical ruby slippers that Glinda places on Dorothy’s feet. Then Dorothy sets off on a journey to seek help from the great and powerful Wizard of Oz. Along the yellow brick road, she meets a scarecrow (Matthew Miga of Ferndale, who also plays farmhand Hickory), a tin man (Bradley Ellison of Southfield, also playing farmhand Hunk) and a cowardly lion (Jerry Haines of Berkley, also playing farmhand Zeke). Together, they travel to Emerald City and the powerful wizard. But first, they must battle talking (and in this show, singing!) trees, and the scariest thing of all — evil flying monkeys. Stagecrafters’ flying effects are courtesy of ZFX Inc. The book is by L. Frank Baum with music and lyrics by Harold Arlen and E.Y. Harburg, background music by Herbert Stothart, dance and vocal arrangements by Peter Howard, orchestration by Larry Wilcox and adapted by John Kane for the Royal Shakespeare Company. “I wanted to do another show that involved youth and adults. I love working with the young people and seeing them grow up in the theater as well as the excitement that it creates in their eyes,” Wrisinger says.
Roger Simon: Republicans reach for the stars, but fall flat on their faces A new GOP study designed to theatrically rebrand the party and boldly redirect its future turns out to be 97-page blend of the obvious, the unlikely and the impossible. The study, which contains no fewer than 219 recommendations, was supposed to pull a party that has lost the popular vote in five of the last six presidential elections out of its death spiral. In previewing it on "Face the Nation with Bob Schieffer" on Sunday, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said of the last election: "Our message was weak; our ground game was insufficient; we weren't inclusive; we were behind in both data and digital; our primary and debate process needed improvement." Wasn't something else weak, insufficient, behind and needing improvement? Oh, yeah, Mitt Romney. Priebus didn't mention his name, perhaps because he has already forgotten it. The bold and new rebranding of the Republican Party is, in fact, a mélange of old Democratic successes (organize hard with paid staff and new technology across the entire country), old Democratic failures (limit the number of primary debates) and thinking that is so pie-in-the-sky that the GOP might as well stand for Grand Old Pastry. Take minorities. The Republicans are now going to study them like they were some kind of new microbe. Priebus is pledging to spend $10 million on the effort. I know $10 million sounds like a lot, but in political terms it is a pittance. The two presidential campaigns spent more than $2 billion in the last election, and one Republican billionaire, Sheldon Adelson, gave Romney $33 million in the closing weeks, bringing the total he and his wife gave to the GOP to $95 million. In other words, $10 million is what Republican fat cats find in their couch cushions. No matter. The Republicans need to seek out and woo minorities because so few minorities are already members of the party. Republicans have to study minorities from afar, like astronomers studying distant galaxies. The Republicans are going to establish "Senior Level Advisory Councils" for Hispanics, African-Americans and Asian-Americans. They will reach out to women and start doing "voter engagement at a granular level starting now," Priebus said at a news conference Monday. Priebus did not explain what "granular level" means, but next time you open your sugar bowl, watch out. Minority outreach for Republicans is easier said than done, however, and the new report envisions a lot of saying without promising much doing. The GOP doesn't really expect to gain many new black voters in 2014 or 2016, but it is drooling over Hispanic voters. After the 2000 election, Matthew Dowd, then a senior strategist for George W. Bush, produced a now-historic memo stating that if Republicans continued to underperform among Hispanics, the party would be in serious trouble nationally as Hispanic voting strength grew. And Hispanics were fertile soil for Republicans. As Dowd told me: "Hispanics are more like European immigrants of the early 1900s or late 1800s. They are like the Irish: They start out Democratic, but as they become part of the economic mainstream, they become much more valuable to Republicans." On the surface, the new GOP report looks good for Hispanics. "We must embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform," it says. "If we do not, our Party's appeal will continue to shrink to its core constituencies only." (Which is what Dowd told them a dozen years ago.) But that is as far as the report goes. It does not address what most Hispanics really care about: immigration reform that guarantees a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million in America illegally. Some Republicans don't want to reward lawbreaking, and some say: "Hey, why create millions of new voters who are going to give Democrats 70 percent of their votes?" This is where outreach becomes tough. When Priebus was asked why gay voters would vote Republican, he replied: "Sen. Portman made some inroads last week." And, indeed, Sen. Rob Portman, a Republican from Ohio, recently endorsed gay marriage after finding out (two years ago) that his son is gay. And if Portman ever has a black child, maybe Portman will champion civil rights. But don't worry. The GOP is leaving no minority group unturned. The report calls for a "Celebrity Task Force of personalities in the entertainment industry to host events . and allow donors to participate in entertainment events as a way to attract younger voters." So maybe Sheldon Adelson and Taylor Swift could do a happenin' duet. Roger Simon is Politico's chief political columnist.
Pettit 120 Brushing Thinner Pettit 120 Brushing Thinner is a general purpose thinner for thinning brushing enamels for easier application. Many paints when stored for some time before use will increase in viscosity and should be thinned with a good thinner for normal brush application. Brushing Thinner evaporates at a moderate rate and is completely out of the paint film in several hours. Up to 10% is the normal recommended usage, some very hot and windy days may require more thinner. - Size - Quart. **Can Be Shipped Ground Only in the 48 Contiguous States**
Photo credits: Susan ZaisPhoto credits: Jessica McNultyPhoto credits: Colby StoddardPhoto credits: Caroline Colvin and Lisa ReedPhoto credits: Pamela HansonPhoto credits: Terry Gruber Welcome to MyPublisher! THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING OUR NEW HOLIDAY CARDS. Don't miss out on your special offer! Use coupon code at checkout. Please enter a valid email address! special offer for new customers Please enter your email below for a free copy of your first photo book.Already a customer? We’ll send a special offer just for you. welcome to mypublisher! Please enter your email below and we'll send you your exclusive code.
Editorial: Getting the Price Right Click here to read more articles about Editorials This article originally appeared in the July/August 2007 issue of Home Energy Magazine. July 01, 2007 Some people claim that most of our inefficient use of energy will disappear once we “get the price right”— that is, that the price reflects the true costs of supplying that energy. I agree that the price is important, but even when the price is right, the system may still be broken. Here are a few examples. More than one-fourth of all refrigerators are purchased by people who will not pay for the refrigerator’s electricity bills. That’s the fraction purchased by landlords, and by contractors for new homes. These people have little or no interest in paying a premium for energy efficiency, because their tenants or the home buyers reap all the benefits. That’s about 2% of residential energy use, the efficiency of which is out of control. If it were not for minimum standards, tenants would almost certainly end up with guzzlers. And when the price of electricity rises, don’t expect landlords and contractors to suddenly buy more efficient models. Sitting next to many of our televisions are set-top boxes. The set-top box connects the television to a cable or satellite provider. You don’... To read complete online articles, you need to sign up for an Online Subscription. Once an order has been placed there is an automatic $10 processing fee that will be deducted with any cancellation. The Home Energy Online articles are for personal use only and may not be printed for distribution. For permission to reprint, please send an e-mail to firstname.lastname@example.org.
Whether a public cloud or private cloud, everyone agrees that cloud computing key benefits include scalability, instant provisioning, virtualized resources and ability to expand the server base quickly. However, “cloud computing” is still used to mean a lot of things to a lot of people. When it comes to slicing up the cloud taxonomy a little further, there’s still quite a bit of confusion between the public cloud and private cloud computing. The public cloud is defined as a multi-tenant environment, where you buy a “server slice” in a cloud computing environment that is shared with a number of other clients or tenants. Public clouds such as Amazon EC2 and Rackspace Cloud have a number of trade-offs: - Utility Model – Public Clouds typically deliver a pay-as-you-go model, where you pay by the hour for the compute resources you use. This is an economical way to go if you’re spinning up & tearing down development servers on a regular basis. - No Contracts – Along with the utility model, you’re only paying by the hour – if you want to shut down your server after only 2 hours of use, there is no contract requiring your ongoing use of the server. - Shared Hardware – Because the public cloud is by definition a multi-tenant environment, your server shares the same hardware, storage and network devices as the other tenants in the cloud. Meeting compliance requirements, such as PCI or SOX, is not possible in the public cloud. - No Control of Hardware Performance – In the public cloud, you can’t select the hardware, cache or storage performance (SATA or SAS). Your virtual server is placed on whatever hardware and network, the public cloud provider designates for you. - Self Managed – with the high volume, utility model, self managed systems are required for this business model to make sense. Advantage here for the technical buyers that like to setup and manage the details of their servers. Disadvantage for those that want a fully managed solution. The majority of public cloud deployments are generally used for web servers or development systems where security and compliance requirements of larger organizations and their customers is not an issue. Private Cloud Computing, on the other hand, by definition is a single-tenant environment where the hardware, storage and network are dedicated to a single client or company. Private cloud computing also has a number of trade-offs: - Security – Because private clouds are dedicated to a single organization, the hardware, data storage and network can be designed to assure high levels of security that cannot be accessed by other clients in the same data center. - Compliance – Sarbanes Oxley, PCI and HIPAA compliance can not be delivered through a public cloud deployment. Because the hardware, storage and network configuration is dedicated to a single client, compliance is much easier to achieve. - Customizable – Hardware performance, network performance and storage performance can be specified and customized in the private cloud. - Hybrid Deployments – If a dedicated server is required to run a high speed database application, that hardware can be integrated into a private cloud, in effect, hybridizing the solution between virtual servers and dedicated servers. This can’t be achieved in a public cloud. As opposed to public clouds, private clouds are not delivered through a utility model or pay-as-you-go basis because the hardware is dedicated. Private clouds are generally preferred by mid and large size enterprises because they meet the security and compliance requirements of these larger organizations and their customers.
|Typ av kungörelse||Beviljande| |Publiceringsdatum||10 jun 1941| |Registreringsdatum||25 jul 1939| |Prioritetsdatum||25 jul 1939| |Även publicerat som||US2266169, US2304984, US2341364, US2388893| |Publikationsnummer||US 2245257 A, US 2245257A, US-A-2245257, US2245257 A, US2245257A| |Uppfinnare||Chester W Crumrine| |Ursprunglig innehavare||Eastman Kodak Co| |Exportera citat||BiBTeX, EndNote, RefMan| |Hänvisningar finns i följande patent (14), Klassificeringar (7)| |Externa länkar: USPTO, Överlåtelse av äganderätt till patent som har registrerats av USPTO, Espacenet| June 1-0, 1941- c. w. CRUMRINE LENS MOUNZ Filed July 25, 1939 CHESTER MCQUMP/NE ATIORNE Y Patented June 10, 1941 LENS MOUNT Chester W. Crumrine, Rochester, N. Y., assignor to Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y., a corporation of New Jersey Application July 25, 1939, Serial No. 286,385 This invention relates to optical systems and particularly to lens mounts. It is an object of the invention to provide a method of mounting lenses and particularly single lenses or elements, alone or as part of a more complex system. It is a particular object of the invention to provide an extremely inexpensive but highly accurate lens mount which can be safely assembled by simply inserting the mount into a tube provided therefor. The tube may be cylindrical (or conical) with circular, rectangular or any desired cross section. By way of example, the simple cylindrical case which cylinder has a circular cross section, will be considered in detail. If a lens element such as a meniscus glass element is fitted snugly into a mount there is pressure exerted on the element from all sides toward the optic axis thereof. Such pressure is liable to cause occasional break-, age of the lenses during manufacture and to introduce strain into the lens which, from an optical viewpoint, is, of course, quite unsatisfactory and which also makes the lenses susceptible to breakage during later use. According to the present invention, this pressure on the lens is descreased and the troubles caused thereby eliminated by molding a plastic rim onto the periphery of the lens which rim extends axially from both sides of the lens and has an outer surface which is substantially concave toric. In this connection, the word toric is used to include any surface in which the diameter near the center is less than the diameter near the end of the cylinder. of course, in the case of a cone the actual diameter of the rim adjacent to the lens may be slightly greater than the diameter at one end of the rim, but since the chamber into which the lens is to be mounted in a camera would also be conical in this case, the efiective diameter of the rim near the lens is less than the efiective diameter of the rim at either end. When this arrangement of the rim is used, the rim may be inserted fitting snugly into a cylinder and the pressure of the cylinder on the rim will be exerted mainly on the ends of the rim and not on that portion adjacent to the lens. The lens itself will exert a counterpressure outward on the central part of the rim and the rim will be distorted slightly under these pressures. That is, the rim itself will change in shape so that no excessive pressures will be exerted on the lens element itself. The present invention-is particularly useful with those described in copending applications, Serial Numbers 286,386 and 286,384 filed concurrently herewith by Donald L. Wood and by myself respectively. Other objects and advantages of the present invention will be apparent from the following description when read in connection with the accompanying drawing in which- Fig. 1 shows a simple meniscus lens in cross section. Fig. 2 shows the cross section of the pertinent parts of a molding machine for mounting a lens according to the invention. Fig. 3 shows one embodiment of the invention. Fig. 4 shows the embodiment shown in Fig. 3 as mounted in a portion of a camera wall. In Fig. 1 a meniscus lens element Hl having an optic axis H is shown in cross section. The surfaces of this lens have radii of curvature RI 20 and R2 respectively and the axial thickness thereof is T. Since the element as shown is in that stage of manufacture in which it has not yet been centered, the diameter thereof taken from the optic axis is different in difierent directions as indicated by HI and H2. In Fig. 2 the lens element I0 is held by a zonal clamp consisting of members I4 and IS in a molding machine comprising molds l6 and IT. The zonal clamp members l4 and I5 are carried by plungers l2 and I3 respectively, the plunger 12 being held in place by a spring I9- and a plate 20 and the plunger 13 being held in place by a screw 2| in a plate 22 having an adjusting knob 23 with scale 24 and index 25. According to the invention a rim is molded onto the element In by injecting a plastic through an injection nozzle 21 into the chamber 26 around the periphery of the lens. The zonal clamp members l4 and I5 prevent any-of the plastic entering chamber 28 adjacent to the central portions of the lens surfaces. According to the invention, the molding machine is so ar ranged that the outer surface of the rim is slightly concave. This is best seen in Fig. 3 wherein the rim of the lens 10 is indicated as 30. The outer surface 29 of this rim is seen to be concave toric. Incidentally, since the lens [0 is held by a zonal clamp in the mold, the outer periphery of this rim 3'0 is optically centered on the axis H as indicated by the arrows H. Furthermore, I have made the surprising discovery, that a rim molded as shown in the drawing, which rim has an axial length greater than its radial thickness and which rim extends axially from both sides of the lens, will have the required concave surface 29 .if it is made by injecting the molding into a mold whose walls are straight and cylindrical. That is, although the mold itself has straight walls the rim when finished and removed from the mold will assume a shape in which the outer surface is concave toric. As shown in Fig. 4, this lens ill in its rim 30 may be inserted snugly into a chamber, for example, in the wall of a camera. The rim 3B is pushed into this chamber until the end surface of the rim comes in contact with an abutment 33 in such a camera wall 32, which is also provided with an aperture 35 which acts as the aperture for the lens I 0. The Fig. 4 illustrates the advantage of this type of rim. As is shown, the rim 30 fits snugly into a cylinder in the housing 32 so that pressure indicated by arrows 36 is exerted on the ends of this rim 30. The fit is snuggest at the ends of the rim. Due to the curvature of the surface 29, there is no direct pressure on the rim 30 adjacent to the lens element I0. On the other hand, the element Ill exerts a counterpressure 31 outward on the rim 30 and together with the pressure exerted at the point 36, this pressure distorts the rim 3!] bending it to or towards a shape in which the Outer surface 29 thereof is perfectly cylindrical and not concave. Actually of course, the surface 29 remains slightly concave even when inserted in 'thech-am-ber' provided therefor. Although the curvature 29 is very slight and the amount of distortion of the rim 30 which is permissible is also very small, this invention succeeds in reducng the pressure on the lens l suf- I ficiently to eliminate breakage during manufacture and strain in the lens after it is mounted in a camera. Obviously by having the injection nozzle and the line of separation of the mold shown in Fig. 2 at a point opposite to the lens l0 instead of at one end of the rim chamber 26, the mold could be arranged so that the concavity of the surface 29 could beany desired amount. However, I have found that sufficient concavity and in fact an almost ideal arrangement is produced when the surface of the mold H is perfectly flat, or more correctly is perfectly cylindrical. If the radial thickness of the rim 30 is too great, compared with its axial thickness, 1. e., its length, the resiliency of the rim is reduced to a point where little advantage is gained by the invention. However, it is difilcult to state exactly when this advantage becomes negligible, but in general the radial thickness of the rim should not be greater than its length. and of course thelength should be sufllcient to extend axially from both sides of the rim of the lens Ill. Having thus described in detail one embodiment of my invention, 1' wish to point out that it is not limited to the specific structure shown but is of the scope of the appended claims. What I claim and desire to secure by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A camera lens mount comprising a camera wall having a tubular aperture therein, an abutment on the inner wall of the tubular aperture, a, plastic rim holding said lens in axial alignment in the aperture and fitting snugly in the tubular aperture against said abutment, the outer surface of the rim being concave toric whereby the fit is snuggest near the from and rear edges of the rim. 2. An optical system comprising a tubular lens mount, abutment meanson the inner wall of the tubular mount, a lens axially aligned in the mount and a plastic rim for the lens fitting snugly in the mount and against the abutment means, the outer surface of the rim being concave in section and the fit between the rim and the mount being tightest at the front amid ear edges of the rim. CHESTER W. CRUMRINE. |US2420279 *||9 jun 1944||6 maj 1947||Polaroid Corp||Laminated polarizer and birefringent layers| |US2423491 *||14 jul 1943||8 jul 1947||Polaroid Corp||Optical lens mounting| |US2423492 *||14 okt 1943||8 jul 1947||Polaroid Corp||Lens mounting| |US2455476 *||20 jul 1945||7 dec 1948||Rca Corp||Mounting system for elements of television projectors| |US2500405 *||4 feb 1946||14 mar 1950||Polarold Corp||Reticle mount| |US2807982 *||2 jan 1953||1 okt 1957||Eastman Kodak Co||Lens centering clamp and testing device| |US2894430 *||31 aug 1956||14 jul 1959||Zeiss Jena Veb Carl||Mounts for a composite optical lens combination| |US3888568 *||20 jun 1974||10 jun 1975||Polaroid Corp||Multi-element lens assembly| |US4106745 *||1 apr 1975||15 aug 1978||Phillips Petroleum Company||Apparatus for attaching an insert in a mold| |US5188092 *||13 dec 1990||23 feb 1993||United States Surgical Corporation||Disposable rigid endoscope| |US5369525 *||2 dec 1992||29 nov 1994||United States Surgical Corporation||Ring lens assembly for an optical viewing device| |US5416634 *||11 sep 1992||16 maj 1995||United States Surgical Corporation||Optical viewing device| |US5666222 *||16 feb 1995||9 sep 1997||United States Surgical Corporation||Optical viewing device| |US5900971 *||28 jun 1994||4 maj 1999||United States Surgical Corporation||Optical viewing device| |Kooperativ klassning||Y10S359/90, Y10S425/808, G02B7/02|
An X-ray of the animal indicates it was shot several times, including through the head at close range, he says. Mann identified the wolf as R-28, the alpha male of the Nez Perce wolf pack. The wolf had not been traveling with the pack for several months, but had been monitored in both Idaho and in Yellowstone National Park. "This one has been everywhere," Mann told the Billings Gazette. The federal agency is offering up to $1,000 for information leading to the person or persons responsible for the wolf's death. Anyone with a lead should call the Fish and Wildlife Service at 406/449-5225. - Kent Matowitz on Sometimes, the West must be protected from itself - Katherine Fiveash on Ranch Diaries: How to have a clear head and rested heart - Kent Matowitz on Let’s be clear: TSA’s new tactics are bribery - Blair French on How Shelton Johnson became the Buffalo Soldiers’ champion - Ruby Ram on Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake’s criticism of Trump wins him national prominence
DoJ to Brush Cobwebs Off Music Licensing Agreements The U.S. Department of Justice this week said it would review long-held agreements with two major performing-rights organizations with an eye to updating them to reflect the climate of the music industry more accurately. The DoJ's agreements with the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) and Broadcast Music Inc (BMI) have been in place for more than 70 years. The consent decrees were last updated in 2001 and 1994 respectively, long before the rise of streaming music services that can pay less than a cent to an artist each time one of their songs is played. "We don't think [the old rules] fit well with the new business environment," Stuart Rosen, SVP and general counsel at BMI, told the E-Commerce Times. "The fact that they're taking a fresh look at things and seeing if there's a way to modernize the decrees is nothing but good news from our perspective," he added. "We are gratified by the Department of Justice's decision to open a formal review of the ASCAP and BMI consent decrees," said Paul Williams, ASCAP president and chairman. "Since the ASCAP decree was last reviewed in 2001 -- before even the iPod was introduced -- new technologies have dramatically transformed the way people listen to music." ASCAP and BMI, both of which are nonprofit entities, have pushed for the move. Between them, they license about 90 percent of music played in movies and restaurants, and on television and online services. Songwriters use publishers to promote their works, as well as to license, sell and distribute recordings. Publishers and songwriters often turn to ASCAP and BMI to collectively license songs for public performance to music services like Pandora, Spotify and Rdio. When there's a dispute over the cost of a license, it's arbitrated by so-called rate courts, which were set up in 1941 through consent decrees between the DoJ, ASCAP and BMI. The decrees did not have an expiration date at the time, though they usually expire after five or seven years. Publishers need to have an all-or-nothing relationship with BMI or ASCAP. If they wish to work with BMI or ASCAP, they don't have the option to license their works to a radio station but not Spotify, for instance. "What we would like to do, ultimately, is move the rate process to a point where it's a free market -- where, through open negotiations that aren't regulated, we can set what is an appropriate market rate," BMI's Rosen said. "We don't think the current model works that way. We think that the results of rate courts are intended to replicate open market negotiations, but we don't think the results back that up. Anything that we can do to create a more free market environment is really what we're trying to get to." 'Current Model Slow' "We think the current model is slow," Rosen added. "The current model is expensive. We don't think it allows for an easy way of paying the writers and publishers while the parties are in the middle of a dispute. We think that the results really have not reflected fair market value," he explained. "What if we moved the rate-setting model from a court to an arbitration panel? We think an arbitration panel could move more quickly -- it could move more cheaply. We think a panel might have a cross-section of industry experts, business people and lawyers that would achieve a result that would better reflect fair market value," Rosen argued. "ASCAP remains committed to working with the Department of Justice and all industry stakeholders to modernize the music licensing system so that it better serves songwriters, the businesses who depend on our music, and the people who listen to it -- not just today, but for generations to come," ASCAP's Williams said. "Updating music licensing regulations to reflect the realities of today's music landscape will preserve the benefits of collective licensing to businesses that license music, give consumers greater access to the music they love, and allow the more than 500,000 songwriters, composers and music publishers we represent to be compensated for the true value their music brings to the marketplace," Williams concluded. End to Rate Courts ASCAP also would like an end to the rate courts in favor of an arbitration process, according to Reuters. Both ASCAP and BMI would like an end to the all-or-nothing model as well. The DoJ will be receiving public comment on the arbitration issue and whether the all-or-nothing model should stay in place. The tussle between the performing rights organizations and music services has on occasion become litigious. BMI, for instance, brought legal action against Pandora last year in search of "reasonable, market-driven fees" for the service after negotiations broke down. "In short, a review of the licensing system in the U.S. is long overdue, and my guess is all the players involved on all sides will welcome it," Simon Dyson, editor of the Music & Copyright newsletter at Informa, told the E-Commerce Times. "The likes of ASCAP and BMI will benefit from knowing in the longer term what they are able to offer licenses for, given that the music publishers have made it clear that they want to license direct-to-digital services. The worry is that if publishers cannot withdraw their digital licensing rights, then one of the big publishers might pull out of ASCAP or BMI altogether," he said. "Digital services might not like having to pay higher rates, if that is what the review eventually suggests," Dyson added, "but the difference between what a publisher/author earns from a digital music service and what record companies earn is way too big, and the review will need to close the gap."
Our Three Stooges In honor of the new Three Stooges movie coming out on DVD today, we decided to examine this season through the eyes of the the ‘Riders version of Moe, Larry, and Curly also known as Mike Olt, Leury Garcia, and Jake Brigham. Mike Olt’s initials are MO making him Moe. When asked about the season is going, he said he thinks it’s going well. “I’m happy I was able to make improvements in the off-season and build on those improvements,” Olt said. “I put them into practice and keep working hard.” Olt is currently hitting .289 with 22 home runs and 63 RBIs. On July 5, Baseball America listed Olt as the third in the top 30 prospects in the Rangers organization and 11th in all of minor league baseball. Leury Garcia’s first name is pronounced like Larry making him Larry. Garcia said he thinks everything is going good so far this season and he wouldn’t change anything that he’s been doing. Garcia is currently hitting .273 with 8 triples and 18 stolen bases. Baseball America listed Garcia as the 11th in the top 30 prospects in the Rangers organization. Jake Brigham started out the season with thick, curly black hair but shaved it off making him our Curly. Like Olt, Brigham said he thinks the season is going well for him and that he’s learning a lot. “I’m staying healthy and getting to pitch a lot of innings,” Brigham said. “I try to learn something every time I go out there.” Brigham currently has a record of four wins and five losses with a 4.67 ERA. He has also struck out 99 batters so far this season. Story by Jarah Wright
(Mayor Cahill and Lord Mayor Ó Muilleoir in front of the Skainos Square building in east Belfast. Skainos Square, part of the East Belfast Mission, gives organizations a place to meet, congregate and hold professional conferences with quality, professional space and equipment. Skainos represents transformation and renewal for the community and its functions.) Last year, at the invitation of Mayor Jim Cahill, the Lord Mayor of Belfast, Northern Ireland, Máirtín Ó Muilleoir, visited New Brunswick. The two mayors recognized that both Cities have undergone major transformations in becoming modern, thriving 21st century urban centers resulting from major redevelopment in the areas of education, business, housing, the arts, hospitality and healthcare. Francis Schott, part-owner of the restaurants Stage Left and Catherine Lombardi here in New Brunswick, points out what is especially unique about these two Cities is that these major redevelopments “are not about buildings, but about people, culture and opportunity.” Francis Schott and Lord Mayor Ó Muilleoir originally met when Mr. Schott received the “Serving America” award from Irish American Entrepreneurs and Mr. Ó Muilleoir was at this same awards dinner as the publisher of the Irish Echo. The Irish Echo is the most read Irish-American newspaper in the United States. From their discussions, Mr. Schott recognized the common pulse of life and energy between the Cities of Belfast and New Brunswick. At the invitation of Lord Mayor Ó Muilleoir, Mayor Cahill recently led a delegation from New Brunswick, comprised of representatives from Rutgers, DEVCO, George Street Playhouse, the New Brunswick Jazz Project, local businesses, and City government, to Belfast. The ambitious agenda of the three day visit was designed for the New Brunswick delegates to meet their counterparts in Belfast to explore the potential of developing mutually beneficial partnerships within their respective areas of interest and expertise. Belfast is also a university city. Belfast has two universities: Queen’s University Belfast has approximately 30,000 students and the University of Ulster will soon have 15,000 students on its Belfast campus. Of course, New Brunswick is home to Rutgers University and its now nearly 60,000 students with the merger of RU with UMDNJ and the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School. Particular initial areas of interest between the higher education communities of both Cities include medicine, cancer and gene research involving diverse populations and specialties in the biomedical fields as well as engineering. Richard Edwards, Rutgers University’s Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs, described the trip as fantastic. He noted, “The psychology of movement for the elderly and applications for athletic endeavors is currently being researched among a faculty member from Queen’s University and a faculty member from Rutgers University.” Mr. Edwards also toured facilities, specifically Belfast’s Cancer Institute and said, “They are doing cutting edge research and this would be the kind of research that Rutgers would be interested in.” The Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey, calling New Brunswick home, makes the educational exchange between Belfast and New Brunswick even more mutually beneficial for educational research and healthcare developments. Chris Paladino, President of New Brunswick Development Corporation (DEVCO), got to work with both the business and University communities in Belfast. Strong parallels could be drawn from the Titanic Quarter, a massive redevelopment project underway, taking advantage of Belfast’s history as one of the world’s great shipbuilding centers and site where perhaps the world’s most famous ship, the Titanic, was built. And like DEVCO’s current $300 million College Avenue Redevelopment Initiative, Belfast is soon to experience a several hundred-million dollar project in the development of a new, expanded Ulster University campus. Approximately 20,000 faculty and students, and all activities from the University of Ulster that are currently based out of the nearby suburb of Jordanstown, will be relocated to Belfast by 2018. This is similar to the projects here where biotechnology and engineering companies are encouraged to invest and move to New Brunswick where regeneration is thriving and students are learning and growing. According to Mr. Paladino, “We have already benefitted from the exchanges of professional ideas and see long lasted possibilities for the future.” DEVCO’s Belfast counterparts were most interested in the comprehensiveness and diversity of New Brunswick’s revitalization and the key role DEVCO has played in projects like Gateway Transit Village, The Vue, The Heldrich, the renovation of the Post Office and the Middlesex County Courthouse, Civic Square, New Brunswick High School, Lord Stirling School, and many more. “Throughout the City of Belfast, its citizens are investing in the community,” said City Council Vice President Kevin Egan. “Run-down buildings are being transformed into activity centers for young people to take part in like skateboarding and areas for the community to come together.” The synergies between Belfast and New Brunswick are so simply stated and emerge through examples like Mr. Egan’s Belfast experience. Redevelopments like the Hub City Teen Center which continues to evolve for youth recreation like the current indoor soccer complex being built to be used for both indoor soccer and baseball, New Brunswick Public Schools working as recreational activity centers after school, and the Promise House sheltering victims of domestic violence and providing services for their success are examples of how “Belfast and New Brunswick remember their past to recreate their future,” said Mayor Cahill or like Lord Mayor Ó Muilleoir states, ‘Building the future Belfast – together.’ Both Belfast and New Brunswick understand that the arts are not only good for the heart and soul of a community, but are also good drivers for business as well. Theater, visual and performing artists, historical landmarks, and a vibrant hospitality and entertainment industry bring outsiders in and keep locals coming back for more in both locales. “Mayor Cahill and Lord Mayor Ó Muilleoir are two visionary men that have so much in common,” says Mr. Schott. “I am eager to see this relationship continue and being among the first incoming trade missions to Belfast in 20 years is something New Brunswick can take pride in, pushing our City to keep making the community as a whole and each of its working parts of education, business, housing, the arts, hospitality and healthcare working together.” Mayor Cahill said the participants in the Belfast exchange from New Brunswick will meet again to share a debriefing on each of their respective experiences while in Belfast and to determine and develop areas of future programming that will be of interest and beneficial to New Brunswick, its residents, businesses and organizations. But no one is letting any grass grow under their feet. Already, New Brunswick’s Jazz Project is looking to host and arrange for a concert venue for the 64 member Belfast Community Gospel Choir later this year in May. The New Brunswick Jazz Project is looking at collaboration opportunities with our City’s gospel choirs and other local musicians. No City taxpayer funds were used for the trip to Belfast. Among those in the City delegation were Mayor Cahill, Tom Loughlin (City Administrator), Michael Tublin (Director of International Programs and Co-founder of New Brunswick Jazz Project), James Lenihan and Virgina DeBerry (also of the New Brunswick Jazz Project), Mitchell Karon (New Brunswick Parking Authority Executive Director), David Saint (Artistic Director of George Street Playhouse), Greg Ritter (Chairman of New Brunswick City Market and owner of George Street Camera), Francis Schott, Richard Edwards, Chris Paladino, and Kevin Egan. (Picture of Belfast Choir Performing for New Brunswick Delegation) (From Left to Right: The Consul General, Gregory S. Burton, at the U.S. Consulate in Belfast with Francis Schott, Lord Mayor and Mayor Cahill)
Helen Wan, "The Partner Track" Helen Wan is Associate General Counsel at the Time Inc. division of Time Warner. Before that, she practiced corporate and media law in firms in New York. Born in California and raised near Washington, D.C., Wan is a graduate of Amherst College and the University of Virginia School of Law. Helen will be discussing her new book The Partner Track and its major themes including: - Cultural & gender diversity in the work place - Glass ceilings for minority women and women in high powered jobs - Best practices for top firms and companies to attack and retain minority and female talent - Empowering women and members of traditionally underrepresented groups to succeed - Balancing a demanding career as a lawyer with a writing life This talk was recorded on November 6, 2013 and was sponsored by Law Womens' Caucus and APALSA. - Title: Helen Wan, "The Partner Track" - Length: 62:42 minutes (57.41 MB) - Format: MP3 Stereo 44kHz 128Kbps (CBR)
Powerful 3 dioptre 120mm precision lens gives high quality magnifying capabilities. Features 48 SMD LEDs to illuminate the object for improved detailed work. Multi-position swing arm allows simple positioning of lamp to suit task. Features a G-clamp ... Denes Adult Light is a delicious reduced calorie wet dog food which contains all the essential nutrients, vitamins and minerals your dog needs. This wholesome food is low in salt and has a high fibre content. It is made using only the very best meat which is mixed with vegetables and grain and rounded off with a sprinkling of healthy herbs. It has a balanced nutrient profile and provides your dog This dummy CCTV dome camera has a deterring effect on burglars and vandals. The camera is hard to distinguish from real security cameras due to the professional design and the IR LEDs that light up in dark surroundings. Product properties Voltage 3 V Type Dummy Housing Indoor + Outdoor Resolution None Lines No. of LEDs 25 Voltage Type DC Image Chip No PTZ Interface No Picture No Dust & Water Adjustable sensor will detect movement and automatically switch on and off. Dusk till dawn function will only illuminate when light levels drop.Features- 3x Super Bright LEDs- Adjustable Sensor- Detects Movement- Automa... Beautiful indoors or outdoors Orders must arrive by Noon Monday 21st December.Ideal for both indoor and outdoor use, you can create a stunning centrepiece to your Christmas or all year round garden lighting display with this Cherry Blossom Tree covered with 150 multi-coloured LED bulbs. Mains operated with plug. Touch of Light highlighter pen that camouflages dark areas and re shapes the faceSay goodbye to dark circles forever. Wear alone or over your makeup and watch those tiredness signs disappear... contains micro reflective particles to throw out more light where applied apply a tiny amount into the dark areas under eyes, creases around nose and mouth can also be applied to jawbone, cheekbones etc to The world beating Fusion tyre. Features a 3-compound tread to optimise durability acceleration and cornering grip. Competition style slick profile.Like the Atom Comp X-Light the Fusion 3 X-Light is optimised for greater efficiency reduced resistance and lighter weight. 185g 700x23Triple CompoundTriple compound technology enables three rubbers with different properties to be used together to Triangle Touch Light with 3 Leds on other UK sites Comfort and style are matched perfectly in the adidas Y-3 by Yohji Yamamoto Neoprine Zip Top jacket.V neck jacket constructed from trendy scuba knit.Long sleeves with straight hem.Banded hem and arm cuffs.Dual front zip closure.Side seam hand pockets.Shell: 100% polyamide.Middle: 100% PU.Inner: 100% polyamide.Hand wash cold, hang dry in shade.Imported. Measurements:Length: 34 inProduct Jess (Melissa George – THE AMITYVILLE HORROR) gets more than she bargained for whilst on a yachting holiday with a party of friends. When a vicious storm renders their vessel powerless the group seek refuge on a passing cruise ship but Jess is struck instantly by an uneasy feeling of having seen the liner before. Once aboard the ship the friends find their newfound haven deserted but 3 More Inches Mousse smoothes coarse hair and thickens fine hair giving brilliant control and finish to all hair types. With no brittle or sticky after effects 3 More inches Mousse is a firm favourite of salon and session stylists alike. Long-lasting hold and a flexibility to style without damaging the hair this mousse is perfect for all hair types. 3 More Inches Mousse contains a unique Enhance your aquarium with decorative light and air bubbles from a single, easy-to-install unit. Fully submersible linear LED accent light has 6 LEDs for striking light effects in any aquarium setup. Built-in airstone produces a curtain of air bubble to promote proper gas exchange. The LED Bubble Wand boasts low heat emission and low energy consumption. Includes suction cup mount and 10 ft long
Hals Raw Material Market 5 Wednesdays with culinary experiences in maritime surroundings in the Port of Hals. Hals Market has a wide selection of quality raw materials from Northern Jutland, where both producers from Flavors of North Jutland and local producers participate. |29/06/2016 - 03/08/2016||Wednesday||10:00 - 16:00| Last updated byVisitAalborg, InfoCenter Hals firstname.lastname@example.org CoordinatesLongitude : 10.308086 Latitude : 56.991853
Well, this weekend ought to be good. Today we’re just going to be relaxing all day, but tomorrow Brian has to work at his part-time job in the evening and I’m going to be going to a free Christian concert with one of my girlfriends from work. I hate to go without my husband, but he said it would be just fine if I went with my friends. Last night we went to Bessie’s house for Friday night movie night and served BBQ spare ribs, bread, chips, cheese, and sushi. It was a great night. Loving on the homeless, prostitutes and gang bangers that we serve. I enjoy my time with my guys and gals, especially when they call me Mama. There’s one young man named Neil, he’s a senior in high school, that I just love to death, he’s like a son to me. Every time he sees me he runs up to me first and just hugs me hard and tells me how much he loves me and misses me, then gives me a kiss on my cheek. Puts a tear in my eye every time. I think he just misses me telling him to pull his pants up. Cause every time I tell him that he pulls them up and laughs. Anyway, we talked to an interesting man last night. His name is Sony and he’s been homeless since he’s been 13 and he’s now 36 years old. He got put in the pen when he was 19 and was in for 10 years, didn’t ask him why it’s not my business. 2 years ago on Independence Avenue at a gas station, he was shot in the face and robbed basically for change. But the coolest part about his story was that he knows Jesus and he finds the joy with his life everyday. He said even though the right side of his face is paralyzed, his right eye is blind, and when he speaks, he drools he can still find joy in the life the God gave him, the second chance that the Lord blessed him with. He speaks with such a passion, it brought goose bumps to my skin listening to him speak about his life and how much he loves Jesus. People like Neil and Sony are who we serve in our Ministry. There are more stories, but those are just 2 from last night that I wanted to share. I love what we do and I wish I could be there full time doing this, but I do work a full-time job. So I help out when I can. Our web page is a little outdated, but you can check it out if you’d like: http://www.hope-outreach.org. Well, I think that’s all for today, I have to go pick up my van and we have to go drop off some food. God bless and take care. How kind the LORD is! How good he is! So merciful, this God of ours! ~ Psalm 116:5, NLT Yep, I have not been around in quite a while. Between work and the ministry, life has been just crazy busy. But last night I did go get my grand-daughter and spend a few hours with her and enjoyed that time. She just makes my heart soar!!! Well, since I’ve been working I’ve been trying to watch what I’ve been eating and not following any diet plan. I feel that if I follow a diet plan and fall off of it, I will fail. So if I just do my own thing, I’ll do just fine and so far it’s working. Brian has jumped on in the last 7 weeks also. So we’ve cut out red meat, pork, and basically anything white. We eat a lot of chicken, turkey, fish, and the nothing white is now whole grain/wheat. I quite drinking milk, mainly because it made too much, not to sound gross, phlegm in my throat. Now I drink Almond Breeze. I’m going to also try Coconut milk. Since I’ve been doing this I’m now down 63 lbs. and in the 7 weeks Brian’s been doing it, he’s down 27 lbs. I still have a lot more to go, but I went to my Drs. about 3 weeks ago, and he said he’s very proud of the way I’ve been doing things. I told him what I’ve been doing and what I’ve been eating and drinking, and he’s just ecstatic about it. Especially since how heavy I was, he’s very proud. I go back in June and I’m hoping to have quite a bit more off and also hoping to have him tell me that I can get off my high blood pressure medication. That would be nice. Today has been a pretty good day so far. I’ve been in my little cubical working on my payables and receivables and while doing that I have all my music I like, mostly worship music, in my computer. So I’ve been listening to it. I enjoy doing that and just praising my Jesus for the glorious day and life that he’s given me. Is my life perfect? Not by a long shot, but I can find the positive in the negatives. Here at work, I’ve had so many people tell me, ” you always have a smile on your face, what’s up with that?” I tell them, “It’s because the Lord let me wake up another day.” Then I just usually get a blank stare and I just smile and tell them to have a great and beautiful day too. Take care everyone and have a great and beautiful day yourselves!! I will be filled with joy because of you. I will sing praises to your name, O Most High. ~ Psalm 9:2, NLT Brian and I have spent quite a bit of time together this weekend and it’s been awesome. I have so much enjoyed going out and being able to serve our brothers and sisters in need on the streets. What a joy that is for me. Actually I think it’s more that the Lord has been letting me know that Brian needs to learn to let go of me a little more each time we go out and let me learn on my own. Brian is very protective of me and I know why. I’m his wife, of course he’s going to be protective of me, I have medical issues, MS with left side weakness, high blood pressure, my eyes go blurry, but when I’m serving and doing the Lords will, I’m strong and HE leads me to where he wants me to go and say what HE wants me to say. So I guess if we’re going to be living in the Northeast area, Brian’s going to have to learn that he can’t be with me 24/7. We’re going to be living in a place where the homeless and prostitutes are going to be able to come in, take a shower, wash their clothes, eat, take a nap, watch TV, etc. and I’ll be there too. He can’t keep me guarded all the time. Now our living quarters will be apart from where they will be able to hang out, but still. I just feel that the Lord is telling me that I need to talk to Brian to let him know that he needs to let go a little more than he normally does. That’s only part of what I have. My son told me last weekend that of course for the Labor Day weekend he’d have a 3 day weekend and come see me. Well, I never heard a word from him. I wound up calling him around 5 in the evening on Monday. He never even thought anything about it. Here’s the thing that bugs me the most. He’s living at his best friends dad’s house in the basement cause Lenny lets him. Fine. Well, he seems to care for Lenny and Melissa more than his own parents. I don’t get phone calls, or text messages. I finally told him last night that if I didn’t get even a text message letting me know that he’s OK, I’m going to go sideways on his ass. He kind of laughed and said, “mom you’re so cute.” I wasn’t trying to be funny or cute, I was letting him know how worried I get when I don’t hear from him for days and days. It breaks my heart and it hurts me terribly. So needless to say while I was trying to eat, I was crying. Well that pissed my husband off so he called Lil’ Brian, our son, and said, “I just want you t0 know that your mother is very hurt that you don’t call or come by and while she’s trying to eat her dinner she’s crying.” LB said, “she was fine while I was talking to her.” BB said, “She doesn’t want you to hear her cry or hear her pain that you put her through, you know how strong of a woman your mother is, but she’s hurt and I just wanted you to know so you have a great night Brian, OK? Good night.” Then he hung up. I haven’t heard from him since. It’ll take him a few days to process. That’s how his brain works. He gets told something, and he doesn’t react right away, he has to process. It drives me nuts. Well, that’s all I have to say for now. Have a great day and God bless everyone!!! I finally told my son that he is selfish and only thinks of himself. He really pissed me off this weekend. Not only was I pissed, but I was just down right hurt. I really wanted to spend time with both my kids this holiday weekend and I asked him a couple of times, are we going to see you at all this holiday weekend? His reply each time was “well, I don’t know.” All I said was, “It’d be nice to spend some time with you since it seems we never get to see you any more.” He said nothing. So last night after he got home, I went to my room and folded the laundry. He followed me and asked me what’s wrong. Well, I let him have it. Everytime he has a new girlfriend, which he’s been dating Kara for about 3 months now, he’s in his own world and has nothing, and I mean nothing to do with any of us, let alone even bring any of his girlfriends around us. Personally I think he’s ashamed of us. That just kills me inside. I told him that when I don’t hear from him it scares me cause he’s so irresponsible. I’m afraid I’m going to get a call or a cop show up at my door and tell me that my son’s dead. I asked him if understood my feelings, he said yes, but I said do you really? All I got was him staring at me. I’m hoping what I said will sink into that thick skull of his. Then he goes and stays with his old best friends parents. I’m glad he likes them, but sorry Bud, I’m not going to allow you to have your girlfriend spend the night in the same bed under my roof and I won’t buy your alcohol. They will. That pisses me off. I’ve asked them not to but why would they listen to me. My son is a 20-year-old man. If they let him drive drunk and get in a wreck, I’ll kill them. Apparently, my son is the only one left of their son’s friends that actually talk to them. Last night before I went to bed, I saw my son laying in the dining room area, in the dark, with his arm over his eyes, sniffing, so I hope what I said got to him. He needs to realize how immature and selfish he’s been. His dad and I have bent over backwards to help him out with letting him live with us in our one bedroom apartment, his dad helping him out with his finances to get him on his feet, helping him look for a new job, which a friend of our told us about a really good company that was hiring and he got a job there, so we’re letting him stay with us till his 60 days is up at his new job and he finds a place of his own. He just doesn’t appreciate what he asked us to help him with and we’ve done. Sorry to rant, but I had to get it off my chest. I know expressing it to him helped out a lot, but I needed to share it with others. I guess my public announcement of how angry I am. Although yesterday evening I did spend with my daughter. We went to go see Eclipse. I really enjoyed it a lot. But then again, I love the Twilight series. I’ve read all the books and now I can’t wait for Breaking Dawn to come out. I wouldn’t mind reading the Short Life of Bree Tanner. But I really wish that Stephenie Meyer would come up with more in the series. She is a good writer and I really like her writing style. Anyway, I better get back to the non-ringing lines here at work. We have about 42 people here at work and there are probably about 15 people here. Have a blessed day. Well, first off of course I had a great day on Saturday with Miss Isabelle. How could I not. She’s the light of my life. I love spending time with her. She’s growing like a weed, and pulling herself up on everything. Now she’s trying to get the whole walking around things down. It’s fun watching her figure it out, but it makes me sad when she bonks her head, or smacks her mouth on the table, but I guess she has to learn some how. Then on Sunday, wow what a day that was. Brian and I headed out to Bessie’s House around 8:30 to be there by 9:00 am. It was so great for me to be there for the first time. Bessie’s is a place for homeless and prostitutes to come in and take a shower, wash clothes, get some food, etc. Anyway, on Sundays they have their own Sunday service outside praising Jesus, they get fed, then Bessie’s House closes down for the day. But I totally enjoyed the day serving and listening to the service and just being welcomed with open arms by everyone that knows Brian and finally got to meet me for the first time they showed me love the way Christ loved the church. It was Amazing. I’m going to go with Brian every Sunday to help serve. I really enjoyed myself and felt at home there. Just seeing a difference from there to where we worship is crazy. Don’t get me wrong, there’s nothing wrong with where we worship, but the difference is in the people and how they see Jesus. People on the streets depend on Him more than people who have safety in their lives of living in homes and always having food in their bellies. They just seem to know Jesus more. So be strong and courageous! Do not be afraid and do not panic before them. For the Lord your God will personally go ahead of you. He will neither fail you nor abandon you. Deuteronomy 31:6 Here recently I’ve been wondering about my weight with my MS. I know that my weight is a big issue, I mean BIG!!! Ge’ez, I’m BIG, B-I-G!!! So anyway, I’m looking into Lap Band Surgery. I’m going to go to a seminar on it in July to see what it’s all about. There’s a possibility that my insurance could cover up to 100%. I mean when you go through the list, I’m pre-diabetic, I have high blood pressure, my BMI is over 35, I’ve been over weight (or should I say obese) for at least 5 years, you have to be at least 18 (well I’m 40 so I think I qualify for that), your series of weight loss attempts have been short-term (yep, I qualify for that too). I have to do something so I’m going to talk to my Dr. about it on Tuesday when I go in. We’ve been talking about my weight anyway so it maybe something he might approve of. Maybe he’d even write a letter of recommendation to the insurance company stating that it’s a necessity for my health with my MS and all. Anyway, that’s the crap going on in my head these last couple days. But my poor husband has had a stupid summer cold. Now my daughter is getting it and if I get it again, I’m really going to be pissed at someone. I can’t afford to be sick again. I don’t take time off work. The only time I do is to leave early for my Dr. appointments. I accrue 2.3 hours each pay period and after next Tuesday I’ll only have 8.7 hours available. I’m not wasting those. So anyway, I have to keep myself healthy. But an update on my MS meds. I did get the authorization from my insurance company to go with the Copaxone, but I haven’t heard from my Neurologists office yet on when I’ll be starting it or what. But I’m feeling fine since I haven’t been taking anything. That Avonex was some Bad A$$ stuff!!! YUCK!!! Well, I better go and sit here at my desk and answer the phones. Take care & God bless. Well, I got a call back from my Neurologists office yesterday about my Avonex. I guess hearing me cry about it and hearing the pain in my voice got them to decide to change my treatment. So anyway they’re getting authorization from my insurance company and then I’ll be starting Copaxone. It’s an everyday shot, but it apparently doesn’t have the side effects that Avonex has. Do I want to do a shot everyday? No, but I will if it will make me feel better. Believe it or not, I think my body knows it’s Friday cause it’s tensing up dreading what normally happens tonight. Well, I’m not going to take my last shot, it’s going in the garbage. BYE, BYE AVONEX!!! Good riddance!!! I went to my regular Dr the other day and my blood pressure was really high for me. I have always ran normal. Always in the 120/80 range. Not Wednesday. It was 168/102. So needless to say they put me on a HCTZ which is also a diuretic. Yea me, I’ll be peeing a lot!!! LOL Anyway, I let him know that I was going to stop my Avonex and he thought it was a smart idea. I just gave him a look and said ‘really’? He said yea. He said he felt that I should know my body and if it made me feel bad and I hurt with it, then it wasn’t the right “treatment” for me. So this weekend will be fun. I have Isabelle tomorrow and she’s going to the dentist with me. The girls there will be enjoying that. They always loved it when the kids were little and they got to play with them at that time, now they get to play with the grand baby. They still can’t believe that Amanda has a baby. Jeez, I can’t believe Amanda has a baby. LOL. But anyway, it’s never too early to take them to the dentist and show them what it’s like. Get them socially involved with them. So, after the dentist, I’m meeting up with a girlfriend and her kids and going to take pictures of the kids for her. I guess it’ll be one way for me to get my name out there and hopefully get some business for photography and make a little cash on the side. :) Well, better get back to work. Take care and God bless y’all!!! Together, we are his house, built on the foundation of the apostles and the prophets. And the cornerstone is Christ Jesus himself ~Ephesians 2:20
Obeo Releases Obeo Designer 5.0 Last week, Obeo, released a major update of their Obeo Designer product. One of the key goals of the tool is to give the ability to create domain specific modeling tools, based on Eclipse GMF (Graphical Modeling Framework) without the knowledge of GMF (or EMF, Eclipse Modeling Framework). The tool is based on the concept of "View Points": The notion of viewpoints is an abstraction that provides a specification of a system, limited to a particular set of problems. It was introduced in the specification IEEE 1471. In our context, we use to provide our users a set of visual representations focused on a particular concern. For each viewpoint, it is possible to define what to display and their graphic features, tool palettes, and their associated behaviors. The graphical aspects are dissociated of behavioral aspects.Obeo Designers supports the integration between viewpoints, as well as with UML. The UML modeler will be released in the coming months. InfoQ spoke with Jerome Benois and Freddy Allilaire from Obeo about this new release. InfoQ: why do you think the enterprise needs to ramp up its modeling capabilities? Obeo: The big idea of modeling is to abstract from the technologies to reach a “human understandable” level. Tools can focus on business problems and not just on technical constraints. With Obeo Designer, business managers and software architects have the ability to define and share a common language. Modeling formalizes and hence facilitates the consistency of their communication. Each role in the company shows a common model and according to its own vocabulary and concerns. Obeo’s modeling approach is based on DSLs and Viewpoints to raise this abstraction level. We facilitate the development of models that represent systems based on the analysis of requirements and constraints that the system must fulfill. The first modeling tools where “dogmatic” with standards such as MDA and UML. They were not tailored to help align business needs with information technology. In each case, one had to adapt its own semantics to fit in these tools, inevitably with compromises. Tool providers were faced with the difficulty of defining an ever-comprehensive language. DSLs offer a dedicated formalism for each domain with as few semantics and concepts as needed. The result is a greater alignment with the business and simplified modeling. But a full DSL approach could be difficult to develop in a large group with several business units that are distinct from each other. It would lead to the emergence of many formalisms for each business units. We believe it is better to define a common language shared by all stakeholders, an ubiquitous language. To be effective and usable by all stakeholders it is necessary to have a projectional approach.The standard IIEEE 1471/D4.1 structures this approach with the concept of viewpoint on a system. Every viewpoint focuses on a given issue. This structure leads to a simplification of the analysis process which is then divided into several concerns clearly defined. Each viewpoint makes it possible to meet a set of questions for a profile given analyst using "views" that will validate the compliance of a given architecture to different rules of perspective. This approach is based on the principles of separation of concerns, refining iterative information but mainly on the exploitation of multiple specialized representations of the same model. The model engineering and MDA approaches are most consistent with this kind of approach because they help define the concepts handled accurately and unambiguously and operate a unified models corresponding to these concepts. InfoQ: could you share with us some of the problems your customers are tackling with Obeo Designer? Obeo: Typically, customers use Obeo Designer to collaborate on the design of complex projects subject to many constraints. It allows them to develop a number of tools thanks to a separation with different points of view (logical, physical, safety, etc.) This approach is very generic, recently, we were surprised to see people applying our approach to robotics. In the Business Modeling context, our product is used to for instance to support the production of Insurance Services and Product Catalog . In Finance, we have customers used by financial analysts to define pricing and business rules in a comprehensive language. In the context of Enterprise Architecture, Obeo Designer is used to support Enterprise Transformation. It supports TOGAF with key viewpoints : Strategic, Business, Data, Application and Technology viewpoints. This module supports the core diagrams and matrices define by the Open Group specification. In the System Engineering context, customers use our product to support the system validation and verification based on Hardware / Software Consistency and Functional Analysis. In Non-Functional Requirement Analysis, Obeo Designer is used to support the production of Timing Constraint Analysis and Risk Analysis. We will be adding some new case studies to our web site shortly. InfoQ: When would you recommend users to create a graphical designer vs a textual editor? Obeo: Some people, usually, more technical, have more affinities with textual notations. Computing languages are more natural and efficient to most of us based on a textual syntax. On the other hand, graphical notations support higher levels of abstraction. The business generally prefers using graphical representations. Some graphical representations are natural to human being like a containment represented as a tree or also a sequence represented as several boxes linked each other by an arrow. Drawing is more natural for representing a workflow or to design a plane. Obeo Designer helps you a lot with graphical representations and it is an important asset of the product. However it provides also other kinds of representations like table and matrix. Also you can mix graphical and textual modeling in a same editor in order to take the best of both approaches. We are fully compatible with Xtext (a tool that provides you a textual syntax for your domain model) and EEF (a tool that provides you a form representation for your domain model). InfoQ: Code generation has had some difficulties in the past to enter the software construction process, what has changed? Obeo: The first generations of code generators were mostly based on the black box approach. These solutions were not adaptable to the specific user needs. These kinds of solutions were only practical to generate code skeletons. Of course, the synchronization between your entry point and the corresponding generated code was quickly lost. This yielded little gain from the code generation perspective. One can note that, code generation has always existed ! what is a code compiler? Fortunately now most of the peoples don’t have to write assembly code and this generation is transparent for us. Code generation tools (especially those based on modeling) have really progressed and offer a simple syntax, efficient code generation, advanced features on par with modern IDEs like JDT. In Obeo Designer, the solution for code generation is Acceleo. Acceleo is an Open-Source code generation environment based on a pragmatic vision of MDA, hosted by the Eclipse Foundation. It implements the OMG standard: MOF Model to Text Language. It allows the automatic generation of application (or parts thereof) and fit into the agile development movement. A change in the structure of the application can be built much faster than by hand. Acceleo is an adaptive solution with some ready-to-use solutions that fit to specific needs. In addition to Acceleo, Obeo Designer also brings along Obeo Traceability to detect and correct all incoherence and synchronization problems between your application code and your models. But code generation is not the solution to everything. During the development process, software architects should carefully decide if a technical choice belongs to the framework or to the code generator. There is no global answer and it depends of the use case.
KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (AP) — Two suicide bombers penetrated a government compound in the country's south Sunday, killing three people, Afghan officials said. The district chief of Spin Boldak said the two militants were targeting a meeting of local officials at a compound in a district of Kandahar province near the Pakistani border. There were no reports of foreign troops or civilians at the site. Mohammad Hashim said the two attackers arrived in a car, killed a guard and entered the facility firing weapons before blowing themselves up along with their vehicle. The compound houses offices of the district chief and district council as well as other government buildings. The spokesman for the governor of Kandahar province, Javeed Saisal, gave the casualties as three dead and at least 15 wounded. Kandahar is one of Afghanistan's most violent provinces. Spin Boldak district is a major infiltration corridor for Taliban fighters from Pakistan as well as a smuggling route for weapons and narcotics.
Riverhead (3-2) vs. Newfield (3-2) Coach Mike McKillop Memorial Field It’s homecoming in Riverhead and the Blue Waves find themselves facing the team that ended their season a year ago in Newfield. The Blue Waves come into the game off a tough loss on the road at East Islip, which dropped their Division II record to 3-2. It leaves the Blue Waves little room for error down the stretch if they hope to secure a top-four seed in the playoffs and host a playoff game. Newfield was known for its toughness last year en route to winning the Class II Long Island Championship. The good news for the Blue Waves is they won’t have to contend with runners Julian Santiago and Mike Silva, who torched Riverhead on the ground last year in the playoffs. Both players graduated, but the Wolverines still feature a strong running game behind Terrel Perryman and Joe Feliciano. The Wolverines come into the game off a 14-7 loss at home against Smithtown East. Newfield gave up all 14 points in the second half after taking a 7-0 lead into halftime. To follow all of today’s action, click on the live blog below as former Riverhead Blue Wave Mike Hejmej provides all the updates:
From the monthly archives: May 2007 Commencement takes place on Sunday. It’s actually a full weekend of activities for graduating students and their families: a clambake on Friday, Class Day address by Nobel Laureate Dr. Shirin Ebadi on Saturday, Tufts University and Fletcher ceremonies on Sunday. Not to mention this week’s “Dis-Orientation” activities (a week of student-led events, parallel to, and yet very different from, the administration-led Orientation that new students attend before starting classes). For those of us who never get to graduate, it’s a bittersweet time. We need to say farewell to our favorite students. This year’s version, anyway. I have a few favorites in every graduating class, and while I celebrate their success with them, I’m sorry to see them move on. All of us in Admissions count the students who hang out here among our favorites. Bernie, Katy, Alexis, and Jason have been admissions office stalwarts, conducting interviews, holding down student jobs, running information sessions, and serving as student members of the admissions committee. Among other favorites are some I met through the admissions process. My first interaction with Abdul took place at a reception for admitted students in New York. His enthusiasm for the start of his graduate studies was extraordinary and contagious. As it happens, I haven’t had all that much contact with him during his two years at Fletcher, but it has been very gratifying to see how his enthusiasm has played out – especially in his role as an active member of the Student Council. Then there’s our dynamic Sri Lankan duo: Sudila and Nirmalan. In fact, Nirmalan graduated last May, but we were spared from saying good-bye thanks to his admission to the PhD program. This spring he’ll complete his comprehensive exams and return to his legal work in Sri Lanka. Sudila does graduate this May, though he’ll be working in the Boston area and we hope he’ll visit now and then. I “met” both Sudila and Nirmalan before they arrived, but not through the admissions process itself. Instead, I handled some of their many post-admission questions. Nirmalan sent so many emails, in the summer before he enrolled, that his application file barely made it back into its alphabetic place before I needed to take it out again. Besides the details of preparing for graduate study, he was attending to less academic issues, such as his wedding. Sudila was admitted after submitting an Early Notification application. He and I were first in email contact when he asked if the school had expertise that might be helpful in his work following the tsunami in December 2004. I made some inquiries and was able to put him in touch with someone at the Feinstein International Center. Together they have made Sri Lanka a very visible island on our mental maps of the world. Jason and Abdul will give the student commencement addresses. I plan to be there to see what they have to say, and to watch the joyful celebration of achievement that commencement represents. I’ll miss my favorite students, those named above and others in the class of 2007, but I still have favorites among the returning students, and there will be new favorites who start their studies in September. I’ll count on them to make their mark at Fletcher next year, to hang out in the Admissions Office, to learn a lot, and then move on. Last week we sat down to review our application. Are we getting the information we want? How can we make our questions clearer? Are we causing our applicants to waste time filling in answers we don’t really use? We gave special attention to the essay questions. At any level, the essays are the most challenging part of an application. When our new application is posted, you’ll see that the first essay – the personal statement – hasn’t changed much. We still want to know what our applicants plan to do after Fletcher, and how their graduate study will help them get there. We played a bit more with the second question. We wanted something new. Our applicants generally write these essays only once, but we read responses to “Describe a challenge you have faced” dozens of times each year, and we have used the same question for several years. What to ask instead? We went back to our goals for the second essay. While answers to the personal statement should be essentially forward looking, the second essay gives applicants a chance to talk about the future, the present, or the past. Our hope is that the second essay will “flesh out” the applicant – will tell us something that helps us see him or her in the context of the Fletcher community. There’s no right answer to any essay question. (In the past, our application had the question, “Describe an object with which you would like to be photographed, and tell why.” The well-intentioned attempts to give us the answer we “wanted” included a majority of photographs with a backpack, hiking shoes, a passport, or a bookcase filled with international relations materials. Ugh.) Applicants should write about themselves, not about some version of themselves that they think Fletcher admissions would like to meet (if only because we’re not that predictable). I won’t reveal our new questions just yet. Better to wait until the new application is up and running. I can say, though, that applicants will have a bit more space to share their goals and stories. We’ve increased the word limits – but also will provide a type-size recommendation. Applicants can write a little extra, but we can save our eyesight. As we head into the fall, we hope to put some application “tips” up in this area of the web site. Stay tuned! Archives by Date TagsApplication Boston Boston Marathon Business competitions Capstone Career CIERP Coffee Hours Commencement Community Conferences Cool stuff! deadlines Dear Ariel decisions Diane DME Early Notification Essays Faculty Spotlight First-Year Alumni Five-Year Updates Fletcher Forum Ginn Library GRE Hall of Flags IBGC Internships Interviews ISSP Liam MIB OCS On the road Outside the classroom Paying for Grad School Professors suggest Recommendations Roxanne Social List Somerville Student Stories thesis waitlist World Peace Foundation
Rotora Brake System Performance on BMW M3 Racer Car SUBJECT: Rotora Brake System Performance on BMW M3 Racer Car. I thought it would be a good time to share some race and testing notes with you regarding the Rotora brakes I put on my race car. This is a pretty long post but if you are considering spending the money on a brake upgrade or if you want some insight into brake testing and race car preparation it's worth the read. I installed the Rotora BBK Front and Rear brakes on my modified E36 M3 race car. The kit consists of 355mm rotors and 6-pot calipers up front with 330mm rotors and 4-pot calipers in the rear. The E46 M3 kit is the same but comes with 355mm rotors front and rear. The kit comes with all the brackets, hardware, brake lines and pads. I chose the H6 (race) pads rather than the (H2) street pads. Initial fit and finish are excellent and the red calipers look awesome through the race wheels. A little background… Half-way through this season I finally had my car well sorted and started to win races (overall). The aero package, springs, remote reservoir dampers and the slicks all really started to work well together. The slicks are amazing and offer so much more grip then the other R-compound tires I was using that my old AP Racing brakes no longer seemed powerful enough for the application. I was also getting a bit of fade nearing the end of sessions. I had AP Racing Brakes on the car an was a bit hesitant at first to take them off and replace them with a different brand. I didn't want to have to get larger (Tilton dual) master cylinders to accommodate a huge brake upgrade. The front and rear Rotora BBK brake packages were the perfect solution because they do not require a master cylinder upgrade. Also, the huge AP Racing or Brembo Brakes would have literally cost thousands of dollars more in addition to the cost of the new master cylinders. Below are race and testing notes from the first few times the brakes were used the track. These notes were taken from e-mails I sent to my Rotora contact. I've been working with Richie Ho who seems to be 1 part marketing, 1 part R&D and 1 part engineer. He has come through for me every time I needed something and is a very sharp guy. There is a group buy going on now for the E46 M3. Details on that can be found here… http://www.m3forum.net/m3forum/showthread.php?t=32691 If you have further questions for me about my experiences with Rotora brakes, please feel free to contact me at firstname.lastname@example.org I have beat the hell out of them and they had stood up well in extreme racing environments. Event #1 - BMW Oktoberfest Event July 2004 The car finished 3rd overall out of 40 cars at BMW’s Oktoberfest event at Fontana despite being 50hp to 100hp down on power to many of the front runners. The brakes performed very well. Proportioning to my old brakes (AP Racing) was similar. Only minor changes to the proportioning and application needed to be made depending on fuel load and rear wing angle. The pads broke in fine with little to no gassing out and no sensation of uneven pad transfer during break in. Initial bite seemed a bit soft. I like harder pads in general for racing but the softer pads did make it easier to trail brake and the braking "feel" was excellent which gave me confidence. The pads did firm up nicely after the first session. After the event was over and many sessions on the track, the rotors show no sign of wear - amazing. I will measure the pads for you and report back but I can tell just from looking at them that they have worn down a bit. The way they feel and the wear of the pads make me consider them a soft pad – which isn’t always a bad thing. They were quiet and consistent through the temp range. The front rotors did have very slight normal and acceptable stress cracks – the rear rotors had no stress cracks at all. This is probably due to the fact that the front not only got hotter but that they were cooled with brake ducts which creates stress as the rotors go from very hot to cold so quickly and often. Rotor temps were very low – like “really” low. I did not get a reading over 500 degrees all weekend with the laser pyrometer. I used tempilaq thermo-graphic paint at it indicates a max of 900 degrees – which is nothing (especially for California Speedway). I did have the brake ducts installed up front but will probably pull them for all other tracks other than Buttonwillow and Laguna (the harder braking tracks). When I took my E46 M3 street car to California Speedway last year I got brake rotor readings of 1200F with the stock brakes on the car - yikes! I will install a set of Thermax stickers and report back actual caliper temps after the next weekend of racing if you’d like. The Rotora 6-pot front brakes are a bit heavier then the AP Racing 4-pot I was running. They are of course much bigger (something has to give). I’m wondering if the fronts are actually too big for my application. My car only has 280hp and weighs just 2400lbs. The E46 M3 cars have much more power and much more weight so they would benefit greatly from this huge brake kit. If I remove the brake ducting to get the temps up I wonder what the pad wear will be like? I think the brakes over all did pretty good in a very tough environment. Fontana is very tough on brakes not only because of the 4 hard brake zones per lap but because you are off the brakes all the way through the oval and by the time you need them most going into turn 3 they have cooled significantly. Event #2 - Testing at Willow Springs with Beverly Hills Motor Car Club I instructed at the Beverly Hills Motor Car Club Event last weekend and took the car to test - and to toy with the exotics with (it's so fun to beat up on Ferraris). It took a few laps in the morning to reset brake bias as I have recently switched to even bigger rear slicks and wanted to make them work for me by pushing some of the brake bias to the rear of the car. I also took off some rear wing as well to help with straight line speed. The front rotors never got above 425F as the brake temp paint did not change color from the prior event. I ran the car with no front brake cooling ducts as WSIR is easy on brakes. Again pedal feel was excellent and is important there as the braking for turn 3 is bumpy and the braking for turn 9 is, well… “check your balls time”. I was easily under 1:30 there but didn’t have a drafting buddy and didn't want to push it too much at a school. I did have fun playing with the Evosport E46 M3 race car driven by the company co-owner Brad Otoupalik. We always have fun together on the track when there is open passing - I trust his driving. He was on lesser rubber and stock brakes (testing for Grand-AM later this year) and I was able to pass him under braking anywhere I wanted. "Go Rotora" but the slicks and my lesser weight gave me the advantage as well. As far as pad and rotor wear is concerned there was very little at that event. There was less dusting this time as well - almost none. I was only on track for about 2 hours total. Total pad thickness in front was .653 with a starting thickness of aprox .663 – so again, very little wear occurred. Event #3 - California Speedway - Touring Car Club I was back at California Speedway this weekend for a Touring Car Club race against Ferrari's, Porsches and Vipers. I did have the front brake ducts hooked up as it was a hot day. I was going to take them off as a test but didn't want to take any chances as there was little time to test at this packed event and didn't want to potentially waste a session. I had to start last as I skipped the qualifying race to do a family thing. I worked my way through the pack and finished 12th out of 40 cars. A mid-race yellow helped me catch up to the leaders who got quite a lead as I was tending with slow traffic on the opening laps. I totally snaked a Viper and Porsche on the restart - good thing I did because the more I moved up the more difficult it was to pass the faster cars. I'd love to get a chance against those guys at Buttonwillow - they'd fall like a house of cards. Brake rotor temps approached 1000F – which is about right for that track and is a bit higher than the event done there about a month ago. Rotor wear continues to be negligible - which still blows me away. At the rate I'm going I'll never have to replace the rotors! I ran the car aprox 125 miles total for the event at full-tilt-bogy. I was doing 1:48s which is my best effort by a second. The starting thickness of the pads was .653” this is the thickness taken after the first event with those pads from Willow Springs. The ending pad thickness measured out to an average of .610” so the car used .043” of pads. The rear pad wear is as expected much less. Overall pad wear is not bad all considering it's the toughest track I know of on brakes short of Sebring. I hope the information I’ve been providing you has been helpful. Very cool, Ralph, thanks. :thumbup: Great write up - thanks :thumbup: I just talked to a shop that sponsor me so I am passing along the saving to you guy. E46 M3- 6 Pistons BBK - $2095 E36 M3- 4 Pistons BBK - $1600 E36 M3- 6 Pistons BBK - $2090 No group buy..anytime as long as Rotora makes them. yes..those prices are for front only I went to the link for ROTORA BBK discount for E-46 and could not find how to purchase, also I can not find the # for ROTORA do you know?? |All times are GMT -7. The time now is 07:41 AM.| Powered by vBulletin® Version 3.8.7 Copyright ©2000 - 2016, vBulletin Solutions, Inc. © 2001-2015 performanceIX, Inc. All Rights Reserved .: guidelines .:. privacy .:. terms
Grace M. GeorgeFebruary 06,2013 Grace M. George Rites SOUTH BARRE — The service of remembrance and life celebration for Grace Mae “Gracie” George, of Cedar Place Apartments on Route 14, was held Monday, Feb. 4, 2013, at 10 a.m. in the Hooker and Whitcomb Funeral Home, 7 Academy St., Barre. She died Jan. 29, 2013, at her home. The Rev. Leopold Bilodeau, pastor of St. Monica Catholic Church, led the service. Words of remembrance were offered by her daughters, Sharon Burke and Rebecca Lamay, and son Stephen Elmer. Several members of the congregation also spoke. Cheyenne Deltoro read a letter of farewell written by longtime and best friend Denise Roberts. Son Stephen Elmer read the Scripture lesson, and Father Bilodeau led the congregation in the hymns, “How Great Thou Art” and “Amazing Grace.” The honorary bearers were her sons, Stephen, Brian and Bernard Elmer Jr., nephew James Massie and grandnephew Lonnie Hutchins. Later interment will be made in the Village Cemetery in Williamstown. Fellowship and luncheon followed at the Hilltop Restaurant in Barre Town. - Most Popular - Most Emailed
Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation introduces the Voltage Detector with Work Light as a part of its new line of test and measurement products. With industry leading non-contact voltage detection technology, the 2201-20 runs off an easy-to replace AAA battery platform and doubles as a mini-flashlight. “We know there are many non-contact voltage detectors on the market today,” says Jonathan Morrow, Director Marketing Product Management-Test & Measurement for Milwaukee Electric Tool Company. “What makes this tool different is that we focused on creating a non-contact voltage detector that doubles as a flashlight. Our extra bright LED Work Light is built into the unit and is 3 times brighter than the closest competitor. At 3.5 inches long and with an easy to use rear button, this is the perfect tool for every electrician." The new Milwaukee® Voltage Detector with Work Light provides a wide range of 90-600 VAC for detecting voltage in wire, outlets, and cable. In addition, the unit will slide onto and attach to the mainframe of the Milwaukee® Laser Temp-Gun™ and Digital Multimeter to increase their performance and usability. With the introduction of the new Voltage Detector and the entire Test & Measurement line, Milwaukee® continues its growth as an industry leader in disruptive innovation. With a commitment to developing trade specific tools, Milwaukee® will continue to build this platform to offer industry leading performance, safety and ergonomics. - Voltage Range - 90-600 VAC - Length - 3.5" - Battery Type - AAA - Safety Rating - CAT III 600V About Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation, a Brookfield, Wisconsin-based subsidiary of Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd. (TTI) (HKEx stock code: 669, ADR symbol: TTNDY) is an industry leading manufacturer and marketer of professional, heavy duty power tools and accessories. Products include the legendary SAWZALL® reciprocating saws, M12, M18 & V28™ LITHIUM-ION cordless tools, HOLE-HAWG® drills, portable band saws, circular saws, driver drills, hammer drills, rotary hammers, grinders, sanders. Accessories include SAWZALL® blades, SWITCHBLADE® self-feed bits, BIG HAWG® hole cutters, THUNDERBOLT® drill bits plus many more. For more information on the full line of Milwaukee® power tools and accessories, please call 1-800-SAWDUST or visit www.milwaukeetool.com.
The media appears more agitated at legal oversight through an open judicial process than about unaccountable interference by owners, as in the effective sacking of the Times editor by Rupert Murdoch (Report, 13 December). I suggest an alternative scheme to enhance press freedom. Take the power to appoint editors away from the press barons and devolve it to journalists to elect their editor. Not perfect, but it does place greater responsibility directly on to the journalists. Newcastle upon Tyne • There is an easy solution to statutory regulation. The government only has to use its "highly successful" police and crime commissioner election model. The public is deemed fit to decide who polices the police. Why don't we vote for who guards the guardians. Newhaven, East Sussex
Over the weekend I finally finished a second Star Wars: The Old Republic class story line. This time I played a Jedi Knight with the Sentinel advanced class. The sentinel is a melee class that wields two lightsabers. The story was quite good, but a lot more "straightforward" than the Imperial Agent. It's often said that the Jedi Knight story is the equivalent of Knights of the Old Republic 3, and that's very true. But on the other hand, it plays out almost exactly like you would expect it to play out. I did play Light Side again. I guess I'm just not one for the Dark Side. I can't really talk about about the story line much without spoilers. However, I do like that Bioware did not shy away from making significant changes to the game world in the various story lines. The Jedi Knight (and Agent to a lesser degree) had "world-shaking" events happen in them, and the other story lines in the game reflect those changes. My next class in TOR is the Sith Inquistor. This time I'm going with a healer character, to see how leveling with a healer is. I don't know if I'll end up Light or Dark. I started out Light Side, mostly rebelling against the Sith, but then other characters started annoying me, and the Shock conversation options became too tempting. So now my Inquistor is pretty neutral.
OK, normally you don’t think of government when you think of Valentine’s Day. But let’s try something a little different here. Better trash pickup from your city? Different classes for your kids at school? More patrols by sheriff’s deputies for your rural property? A crackdown by the DPS on speeders on a highway you use all the time? Go ahead, fire away. If you have a comment on this or any other editorial topic, post it below now!
Sherwood running back Keegan Lawrence took his time, but finally has signed a football letter of intent to play at Southern Oregon University. Lawrence, the 2013 Oregon Gatorade player of the year, made it official this week. The 6-foot, 195-pound Lawrence rushed for 2,032 yards, averaging 17.1 yards per carry, and 31 touchdowns to help lead the Bowmen to the Class 5A final. Lawrence, the son of Sherwood coach Greg Lawrence, was voted the Northwest Oregon Conference offensive player of the year and was selected to the Class 5A first team as a running back and defensive back. “We're so excited for Keegan come play for us on top of all the other kids we have coming already," Southern Oregon coach Craig Howard said in a release. "He had an outstanding high school career and we think he'll keep getting better and better. It's just a tremendous addition all the way around.” -- Jerry Ulmer
The Harmon Kardon system, is not bad, but it's FAR from great. I'm putting together a system for my 2002 M3 that should be great. The best part about it, is that I will still have my trunk space when I'm done, but it will be a 1000 watt RMS system. Total cost of the system will be just over $8,000, it should be done in about a month. When it is, I'd be glad to show it to you.
I love the buttery taste and the crunchiness of the coarse sugar and cornmeal in this tart. - 1/2 cup butter, softened - 1/2 cup brown sugar - 1 large egg - 1/2 teaspoon coconut extract..use whatever flavor you like with the jam you are using - 1 1/4 cups flour - 1/2 teaspoon salt - 2 teaspoons baking powder - 1/2 cup cornmeal - 1 cup jam - coarse sugar for topping the tart - Mix butter and sugar till combined. Stir in the egg and coconut extract. - In another bowl whisk together the dry ingredients, except for the coarse sugar. - Add dry ingredients to the butter mixture just until it comes together, don't over mix. - Separate dough, form about 2/3 of it into a disk, wrap up and chill. Do the same with the remaining 1/3. - Once chilled, allow to warm slightly to room temperature. Then take the 2/3 disk and press the dough into a slightly greased 9" pan, patting it evenly onto the bottom and sides. - Spread jam over the dough. Roll out the remaining 1/3 of the dough using as little flour as possible and place on top of jam. I cut star shaped pieces but as you can see it kind of rises together and you can't really see the shapes. - Sprinkle top generously with coarse sugar. - Bake at 375º for 25 minutes. - Cool and serve..although I must add it was just as delicious served warm.
Synopses & Reviews Just weeks after inheriting Rosebank, a once-magnificent plantation on the banks of Bayou Teche, David Patin was killed in a mysterious fire, leaving his daughter, Vivian, almost bankrupt. With few options remaining, Vivian Patin decides to restore the family fortunes by turning Rosebank into a resort hotel. Murder changes everything. Vivian's dream becomes a nightmare when she finds the family's lawyer dead on the sprawling grounds of the estate--with a rose in his chest and a brilliant lipstick mark on his cheek. Suddenly Vivian begins to wonder if her father's death was really an accident. . .and if the entire Patin family is marked for murder. Can the killing be stopped? Sheriff Spike Devol is smart, honest, tough--and sexy. Rosebank is not in his jurisdiction, but Vivian, fed up with the corrupt local police, asks him for unofficial help. The instant attraction between them leaves Spike reluctant to get involved--until another shocking murder occurs and it seems that Vivian will be the next victim. - Stella Cameron is a New York Times, USA Today and Washington Post bestselling author of over 50 novels. - The hardcover of Kiss Them Goodbye (Mira Books, 11/03) received wide critical acclaim, including a nomination to the Book Sense 76 bestseller list. - The Orphan (Mira Books, 3/02) reached #21 on the New York Times extended bestseller list, was a USA Today bestseller and achieved a 57% NSR. - Snow Angels (Mira Books, 10/01 reissue) reached #35 on the New York Times extended bestseller list and achieved a 54% NSR. - 7B (Mira Books, 3/01) reached #31 on the New York Times extended list and achieved a 55% NSR. - Her many awards include a Romantic Times Career Achievement Award for romantic suspense. - Her single-title releases consistently appear on chain bestseller lists.
Sandraa told me about using Elmer' school glue on the binding to hold it down until you get it sewn. Works great. I would like to know if you are supposed to wash the quilt before giving it away. It is a quilt that my sisters and I made for an aunt. I used the glue so thought I should wash it, but it looks so pretty, I'm a little afraid it will not look as good after it is washed. We don't know which way to go??
P-65 Heavy Metal - 25mm Heroic Scale Multi-Genre Miniatures - Integral bases - Unpainted lead-alloy metal models that may require assembly - Wide variety of characters and monsters for roleplayers, miniatures painters, and wargamers - For more information, please refer to our P-65 FAQ. P-65. The metal formula that made Reaper Miniatures famous. P-65 is our special formula P-65 is a lead based alloy similar to 60% lead - 40% tin solder and is the perfect mix to cast miniatures in. It is a blend of white metals designed to capture every subtle detail as well as allow for maximum metal flexibility for straightening and posing. The P-65 miniature line is designed specifically for the adult modeler and is here to give them a choice in how they spend their hobby dollars. Engineered for Painting Master Series Paints are designed for painting our unique line of miniatures. Unlock the possibilities and custom create your character! The enhanced flow properties of our Master Series Paints make illuminating small details easier, enabling you to create the highest quality characters on the market. Check out our selection by clicking on the paint below! Perfect for Hobbyists and Gamers Whether you're a Game Master who needs more enemies to stock your battlefield, a player who is looking for just the right miniature to represent your character, a wargamer looking to beef up your army, or a hobbyist who is looking for the best in creative and detailed miniatures, P-65 is for you! Miniatures > P-65 Heavy Metal |Sorry, no currently released figures could be found.||
Dates: July 19, 2016 - October 31, 2016 11 championship links courses set amongst spectacular scenery and off the beaten track, makes this area of Ireland a golfer's paradise. Who doesn't like to play top notch courses which are very rarely busy and priced at a fraction of the big names? That's VALUE! Price range: $1280
Design Strategies for Cloud Hosted Services The title phrase was made popular by Adam Savage of MythBusters fame (pictured to the right… the bunny is made of C4). However it is also motto to live by when designing and deploying services to run on a Cloud platform. We of course do not accept failure of our service but instead must insure our service stays despite failure of the Cloud it is hosted on. For the Cloud platform, failure is not a question of ‘if’ but ‘when’ But what about SLAs? SLA (Service Level Agreement) is a legal agreement where the Cloud provider agrees to reimburse you a percentage of what you paid them if the Cloud fails to meet performance and availability criteria. So what? Will this compensate you for the loss of business you incur from an outage in your service? Let’s instead embrace failure, and design to overcome it. Be Redundant. If you have a single point of failure, then you are not redundant. For example on April 21, 2011 AWS (Amazon Web Services) had a major outage of their EC2 (cloud servers) and RDS (cloud database) systems. But look! While Virginia and other regions were down, not everywhere was down. If you took Amazon’s advice to deploy your service to two or more AZs (Availability Zones) you could still be running. I say could, because while Amazon’s guarantee is that failure will be limited to a single AZ, but in this case the failure actually spanned two. So the rewards go the cautious, like SmugMug, who deploy their service to three AZs and was “…minimally impacted, and all major services remained online during the AWS outage” This of course works best when your services are stateless, but then what about your (necessarily stateful) data stores in the cloud? You have essentially two choices: - Do not use a relational database. For example NoSQL is a class of databases that are very adept at horizontal partitioning (that is having your data distributed across multiple servers). If you can tolerate eventual consistency across these partitions, which means that in the case of failure of one partition, there is a possibility of loss of data, then this is your solution. - Use a relational database if you need immediate consistency. If so, you’ll want to use one such as SQL Azure which supports sharding, which takes care of the horizontal partitioning data across multiple servers for you. Of course you can also attempt to roll your own hot-backup system, since most cloud platforms allow you to spin up servers and copy data easily. But this seems more appropriate for a disaster recover scenario, than a business continuity one. Design your services to tolerate variance in responsiveness at any level of the stack. Cotenancy means you cannot control what others are doing with your underlying shared resources in the cloud. Therefore VoIP provider Twilio puts is succinctlym to succeed you need to: - Make a request, if that request returns a transient error or doesn’t return within a short period of time (the meaning of short depends on your application). - Retry the request to another instance of the service - Keep retrying within the tolerance of the upstream service. The consequences of not doing this are slow latencies and lock-ups exposed to your end users. One of the advantages of the cloud is that it is easy to spin up and deploy new instances of your service. SmugMug proudly exclaims: Any of our instances, or any group of instances in an AZ, can be “shot in the head” and our system will recover By which they mean services are stateless and individual server instances are disposable and replaceable. When one dies, simply re-spawn! Even when all else fails, and your system is unable to respond to a request despite all of your design for failure, you must still respond. Netflix embraces this philosophy. Each system has to be able to succeed, no matter what, even all on its own.[…] If our recommendations system is down, we degrade the quality of our responses to our customers, but we still respond. We’ll show popular titles instead of personalized picks. If our search system is intolerably slow, streaming should still work perfectly fine. Oh yeah, this is a testing blog, right? 🙂 Continuing with our friends from Netflix, they employee two excellent test strategies for Cloud services: - Netflix Tests in Production (yay!) by employing a set of scripts called Chaos Monkey, to randomly disable service instances in their production AWS deployment. This is Destructive Testing. This is Fault Injection on steroids. This is smart since you know there will be failures, better to understand what your system will do on your terms than on the upcoming catastrophe’s. - Netflix also tests with full (or near full) scale AWS deployments of their services. The elasticity of the cloud means you can easily spin this up and then divert a copy of customer traffic to it, shadowing your production systems while you learn and investigate on the test system. And while the Cloud Provider has an obligation to keep you updated on the status of the underlying Cloud. You too have a responsibility to the users of your service. SmugMug considers part of their success at surviving the AWS outage was customer communication and incident management: We updated our own status board, and then I tried to work around the problem…. 5 minutes [later] we were back in business The Cloud offers powerful capabilities and cost savings to service providers. If you want to tap into these, and maintain a reliable and fault tolerant service, then Design for Failure.
KANEOHE, HI, UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS BASE HAWAII, Kaneohe Bay - Mokapu Mall came alive with all things green, at the base’s annual Earth Day Expo, Saturday. There was no shortage of activity at the expo, emceed by Capt. Derek George, the director of the Environmental Compliance and Protection Department. Some attendees chose to sit back and enjoy the entertainment on a gigantic stage going on throughout the day. Dance Movement Academy and K-Bay Gymnastics students began the morning performing dances to various jazz, tap and hip-hop numbers. Magician Mark Allen Mauricio from the Hale Koa Hotel dazzled the audience with humorous magic tricks, and the Polynesian Cultural Center and Akala Dance Studio performed Hawaiian, Samoan and Tahitian dances. Other attendees visited the many vendors and services from the base and the community, picking up resources and information. In the Keiki Activities Tent, children decorated turtle banks made out of paper bowls, and attendees could also sign up for a chance to win one of several prizes featured at the expo. Expo attendees venturing into the Marine Corps Exchange received a reusable green bag, and were given discounts on whatever merchandise they could fit in the bag. Actor Taylor Wily, made a special appearance at the exchange during the expo, posing for photos and signing autographs. Wily, a native of Honolulu, was in the movie, “Forgetting Sarah Marshall,” and is a cast member of the TV series, "Hawaii Five-0." “It’s been wonderful,” said Steffanie Beissel, who brought her daughters to the expo, and met Wily at the exchange. “They’ve had a wonderful time. My husband is a huge 'Hawaii Five-0' fan. He’s going to be jealous we got to see him, and he wasn’t there.” Cpl. Antonio Garcia, a wireman with Charlie Battery, 1st Battalion, 12th Marine Regiment and his wife visited the expo. Garcia’s wife said it was nice to have an event like the expo, which offered the opportunity to see what people on the base and the island have to offer. She also enjoyed watching the dance academy on the expo stage and looked forward to watching the Polynesian Cultural Center dancers. Garcia said the expo was good for new Marines and sailors reporting to Marine Corps Base Hawaii. It was something to do other than staying in the barracks. “It’s been great so far,” said Lt. Col. Sean Riordan, who is currently assigned to the Operations and Training Directorate. “Nice to see the base making the effort to educate the kids.” Riordan and his children visited the Facilities Department’s booth at the expo, where they spun a wheel filled with energy conservation trivia questions. During the expo, nine units from the base competed in the Unit Recycling Contest. Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay and Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 24 each received a check for $250 as the large and small unit with the most recyclables. Overall, 25,891 recyclable containers were collected. Additionally, students from various grades at Mokapu Elementary School entered a coloring contest in the spirit of Earth Day. Winners received prizes and were recognized on stage. The afternoon finished with a performance by the Arthur Murray Dance Center of Hawaii, and more prize drawings. Earth Day started in 1970, and has been celebrated ever since, worldwide. Organizations and individuals everywhere have taken initiatives in keeping the Earth clean. For more information about Earth Day, visit http://www.earthday.org. ||KANEOHE, HI, US This work, Going green at the Earth Day Expo, by Kristen Wong, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Many, if not most, security professionals spend a comparatively small amount of time profiling their targets in comparison to the attack phase, and rarely step outside O/S and application enumeration. This is unfortunate, since proper enumeration can expose critical information and vulnerabilities, increasing the chances of success while reducing the noise of the attack. In this intensive, hands-on course, two-time Defcon social engineering CTF winner Shane MacDougall will run through a gamut of tools, websites, and procedures that every penetration tester/attacker should have in their toolkit, and collect data points that at might not seem relevant, but can in fact yield huge lift to the attacker, all without sending a single packet to the target network. Basic computer skills, understanding of basic security concepts USB stick with all required software Shane MacDougall is a two-time winner of the Defcon Social Engineering Capture The Flag, and has placed in the top three of the attack portion in every year of the contest's existence. He is principal partner at Tactical Intelligence, and a security analyst for JL Bond Consulting. Mr. MacDougall started in the computer security field in 1989 as a penetration tester with KPMG, and worked on the attack side of the field until 2002, when he joined ID Analytics, the world's largest anti-identity theft detection company as the head of information security. In 2011, he left the firm to start his own company. Mr. MacDougall has presented at several security conferences, including Black Hat Abu Dhabi, Black Hat EU, BSides Las Vegas, DerbyCon, LASCON, and ToorCon. He is currently doing research in the areas of integrating near-realtime OSINT into IDS/SIEM, as well as the generation of a realtime pre-text generator.
Visa Inc. is a payments technology company. The Company and its subsidiaries, including Visa U.S.A. Inc. (Visa U.S.A.), Visa International Service Association (Visa International), Visa Worldwide Pte. Limited, Visa Canada Corporation, Inovant LLC and CyberSource Corporation (CyberSource), operate a processing network, VisaNet, which facilitates authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions around the world. The Company also offers fraud protection for account holders and rapid payment for merchants. The Company provides its services to consumers, businesses, financial institutions and governments in over 200 countries and territories for electronic payments. It provides a range of payment solutions that support payment products that issuers can offer to their account holders, including pay now with debit, pay ahead with prepaid or pay later with credit products. It also offers a suite of digital, e-commerce, person-to-person payments, and mobile products and services.
Posted by champ83 on 1/27/2012 11:23:00 AM (view original): I like the concept of being a passing team and switch to run if pass isn't working (i.e. defense is playing Pass defense), and vice versa. I would like to see consideration of additional changes as follows: 1. set defense coverage in Man-to-man (either aggressive press coverage, or conservative off line of scrimmae; CBs are key defenders), or zone coverage (CBs, S, LBs all factor in coverage) 2. set defense blitz level/type (basic blitz = 1 blitzer, multiple blitz = 2 blitzers, max blitz = 3 blitzers, also have a zone blitz) 2a. set offensive blitz protection to either basic (no extra protection), moderate (TE/RB chip blocks, they go out for pass if not a heavy blitz), or max protection (TE/RB stay in to block and don't go out for pass) 3. set defense line style to 1-gap (Defense needs better DL than LBs... DTs try to make plays, LBs have to fend of blocks) or 2-gap (Defense needs better LBs than DL... DTs occupy OL and don't make plays but LBs have free run and make the plays), you can recruit DL/LB to fit your style 4. set O-line blocking to Zone blocking (OL requires BLK, GI, and Tech) or Man-to-man blocking (OL require BLK and Str), you can recruit OL to fit your style 5. Offense can call individual plays, by setting a percentage of times they can each be used. Maybe have an inventory of 10 to 15 basic offensive plays. (For example, if there were 10 plays, a SIM team might set all of them to 10% each and run them equally). Called pass plays would determine the primary receiver, if he is covered and QB decides not to throw, it's as if current system is in place and QB makes another pass or scramble. Play-by-play results would need to identify play that was called (ex: "QB incomplete pass to WR on skinny post", "RB rushes for 4 yards on draw"), so defense could scout as if watching the plays on film. Example of play inventory would be: RB screen (more effective if defense is rushing the passer), Bubble screen to WR (more effective when the defense playing off line of scrimmage or CB is poor tackler), Crossing pattern (more effective when DB/LB doesn't have GI to pick up in zone or DB doesn't have Speed to follow WR in man-to-man), Deep vertical "go" routes (more effective when WR has speed and/or DB doesn't), Stop-and-go, Sluggos/slant-and-go, Out-and-up (WR needs Tech and Speed), Out/sideline patterns,can be deep or short (WR needs Tech to get feet in bounds, these also stop clock in hurry-up mode), Post/skinny post patterns (up to Safety to make play on WR), Curl routes/come-back/slant routes for possession receivers with little Speed/Elus but good hands, Draw to RB (more effective if defense is rushing the passer), Zone read runs (either QB/RB carries, depending if Aggr run defense and DE charges then QB keeps, if Consv defense and thus DE slow plays then the QB hands off to RB), Basic RB inside runs (DTs and MLB defend) and outside runs (DE and OLB defend). QB draw (effective with running QB and/or blitzing defense) QB roll-outs (pass or run depending on GI and play available) I think this is my favorite ideas post - great stuff champ83. As for #3) isn't the 4-3 supposed to be a 1-gap and the 3-4 supposed to be a 2-gap??? And if that is the case, it would sure be nice if the game engine took into account the different abilities required of the D-line and linebackers in both cases. Tailoring your O-line to either zone-blockers or man-blockers would also give an alternative to everyone gunning for just BLK-STR O-linemen. Athletic linemen with GI and TQ who had lower strength would then be sought after as well. A big problem with right now is that basically everyone is forced to recruit for the same strong cores in all the positions. It would make it a lot more interesting if the Cores at each position was more dependent on your style of offense and defense rather than just being generic as they are now. For example, a WR out of WB or ND-Box sets (think Georgia Tech) wouldn't need great GI or TQ or even Elusiveness to a great degree but would certainly need Speed, Hands, Strength and blocking ability. A shotgun system would require WR's with a lot more GI and TQ and ELU, but maybe wouldn't ALL need as much speed or strength or any blocking to speak of. THis would make recruiting way more interesting without you having to change the recruiting programming at all.
I had the pleasure of meeting fellow San Francisco artist Amy Franceschini yesterday. Amy is from the design studio Futurefamers, a group of people who create “platforms for sociability within new media spaces; internet, wireless devices and public space”. I remember being aware of — and influenced by — their work when I was starting out in design but this recent meeting prompted me to take a look at what they’re been up to in the years since. As you can see, their output doesn’t exactly fall within the scope of your average design studio — although they did design the Twitter logo. This excerpt from Amy’s bio sums up the themes I find most interesting in the work “[she] creates formats for exchange and production that question and challenge the social, cultural and environmental systems that surround her. An overarching theme in her work is a perceived conflict between humans and nature.” Aesthetically pleasing and challenging at the same time, really great to see people doing work like this.
IHAGGAN, "the sea turtle" in the local Chamorro language, posts articles of relevance to sea turtle conservation in the Mariana Islands (CNMI and Guam) in particular and to Micronesia and the Western Pacific in general. Friday, March 4, 2011 Sea turtle status and conservation efforts in the NMI (CNMI Sea Turtle Conservation Program) — There has been a recent flurry of activity in the news lately regarding sea turtles and associated court cases. This is a brief update regarding sea turtle status in the CNMI and a summary of current activities of the Department of Land and Natural Resources Sea Turtle Research and Conservation Program. Sea turtles are a long-lived species with a complex life history. They undertake wide-ranging, international migrations and reach maturity (age at first reproduction) at about 30 years of age. This life cycle leaves turtles vulnerable to multiple sources of mortality or impacts (harm) ranging from natural environmental causes to human- caused impacts from development, disease, fisheries, or direct harvest. The status of green turtles in the Mariana Archipelago is not well known due to the lack of long-term data on nesting and foraging populations. “Long-term” data in this case means population information ranging over the species lifespan, or about read more.... Volunteer with the Sea Turtle Program: CNMI Sea Turtle Conservation Program: Report harassment or capture of turtles: DLNR Enforcement 664-6030/898-3570 Rota DLNR 532-9494/5 Tinian DFW 433-1404/1 On the web: http://www.pacmares.com/stp/Welcome.html www.ihaggan.com
As a neuroscientist, one typically becomes accustomed to thinking outside of the “box.” After all, the brain is incredibly complex and cryptic, and some creative thought is required to develop methods to uncover its secrets. Francis Crick advised that the greatest hurdle standing in the way of neuroscience is the inability to specifically stimulate a single neuron without altering any of its surrounding cells. This daunting task appears to be a thing of fantasy when considering the innumerable intricate connections the brain is composed of. However, Harvard University’s Samuel Lab has made a reality out of a dream with their groundbreaking research involving transgenic C. elegans. Recently published in Nature, the research of Dr. Andrew M Leifer and his team utilizes a manipulatory optogentics technique called ColBeRT to control the nervous system of a worm with the light from a laser. Optogenetics is the methodology of employing genetics and visible light to manipulate the activity of living cells. In order for optogenetics to be applicable in the laboratory, the insertion of opsin genes, which encode for light sensitive proteins, into an organism’s genome is necessary. The activity of the resulting opsin-containing cells can be regulated by exposure to visible light. Relative to the work of Leifer et al., optogenetics provides a platform by which the genetically altered motor and sensory neurons of C. elegans can be controlled with the use of a precise laser. Why use C. elegans? According to Leifer et al., “the nematode C. elegans is particularly amenable to optogenetics owing to its optical transparency, compact nervous system and ease of genetic manipulation.” The ColBeRT (Controlling Locomotion and Behavior in Real-Time) technique, which was designed for the optogenetics research being done at The Samuel Lab, provides a way to specifically track a worm’s movement. A video camera with real-time feedback follows an illuminated and moving C. elegans under a dark field. The worm is placed on a motorized stage, which keeps the image of the organism centered in the camera’s view. Once the worm’s movement is recognized and registered by a specialized graphical user interface (GUI) software called MindControl, the image of the C. elegans is processed and the worm’s image is divided into 100 evenly spaced segments. From these segmented portions, specific target cells can be chosen, the locations of which are transferred to a DMD (digital micromirror device). This pattern is then projected onto the worm by the DMD, allowing for the illumination of the targeted points with a laser. This laser can precisely pinpoint the location of a specific target cell by a simple algorithm specifically designed for the movement analysis of C. elegans. The impressive spatial and temporal resolution (~50 frames per second) of the ColBeRT technique makes the system scientifically applicable and valid. The ColBeRT’s spatial resolution of ~30ms allowed Leifer et al. to utilize the technique for a number of manipulatory actions on their transgenic nematodes. When cholinergic motor neurons of transgenic C. elegans were exposed to laser light, forward motor movement was suppressed and either paralysis or backward movement of the worm was propagated. Similarily, single touch receptors of the worms were also genetically modified to be sensitive to light. In a normal worm, a gentle touch will stimulate these receptors, causing the worm to repel in the opposite direction of movement. In transgenic C. elegans, illuminating these specific receptors with the light from a laser was able to affect the direction of the worm’s movement, just as a physical stimulus would have. Even more astounding, HSNs (hermaphrodite specific neurons), which innervate the vulval region of C. elegans, were also able to be genetically modified and stimulated with light exposure. When a thin laser strip was shone on the HSN region of the worms, involuntary egg-laying was evoked. Although still in its beginning stages, the ColBeRT technique seems to be a promising solution to overcoming one of the primary difficulties standing in the way of neuroscience. ColBeRT not only highlights cell-to-cell interactions, but also identifies the precise actions of specific neurons, something that had never been thought possible in the past. As technology develops further, perhaps we will soon be able to manipulate the cells of more complex organisms and eventually, even mammals. Optogenetics and techniques like ColBeRT may be the key to discovering the subtleties of different neurons and could even potentially help map out the human brain. Single Worm Neurons Remotely Controlled with Lasers – Scientific American The Samuel Lab videos – Vimeo
At the touch of a button, this standalone duplicator makes an exact replica of a DVD or CD in just over six minutes without the need for a PC. It can also create custom playlist discs from multiple audio CDs, producing a compilation CD that includes all selected tracks. At 24X DVD and 48X CD drive speeds, this device can copy an entire library of home movies. An ample internal 64 MB buffer (with 2 MB drive buffer) ensures that large files are copied seamlessly and without error. Supports all DVD technology platforms. The device will not duplicate copyrighted or encrypted material. Plugs into AC. 7" H x 7" W x 10" D. (10 lbs.) The One Step DVD/CD Duplicator comes with The Hammacher Schlemmer Lifetime Guarantee at no additional charge. If this product ever disappoints you, for any reason, you may return your Hammacher Schlemmer purchase for exchange, credit, or refund. Should you have any questions, we are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Please call 1-800-321-1484 to speak with a product specialist or email us at email@example.com to receive a response within one hour.
Friday, August 15, 2014 Theresa Kendall is keenly aware of the challenges presented to parents of special-needs children. Kendall is the mother of R.J., who has autism and cognitive impairments. He gets around with the help of walking devices and a wheelchair. Simple tasks — most take for granted — become huge undertakings. Her experiences while grocery shopping with R.J., who turns 8 later this month, were difficult, to say the least. She would push R.J. in his wheelchair while pulling a cart behind her, all the time making sure he didn’t grab items off shelves or reach for other people’s buggies as they passed by. “I was in desperate need to see if there was anything available to be able to grocery shop with my son,” she said. Her desperation prompted her to do some research on the Internet. That’s where she discovered a site called Caroline’s Cart, created by another special-needs mother, Drew Ann Long, who helped develop and market a specially designed cart that allows caregivers to secure a child or adult while shopping. “I started in January of last year on this mission,” Kendall said. “I got in touch with Mrs. Long and she helped me get the process going.” With the help of Jim Bongalis, manager of the Goose Creek Publix store on St. James Boulevard, and Publix corporate official Jonathan Stiles, Kendall was able to get one of Caroline’s Carts at the store. “I approached them about the need for this type of cart,” Kendall said. “They told me I’d have to show a need for it, so I started a campaign. I asked other families to share their own experiences or what they had observed while shopping at Publix.” Those testimonials convinced Publix officials, and the new cart was delivered in July. “This cart means so much to me and other special-needs caregivers,” Kendall said. “Grocery shopping might seem like a simple trip for most people, but to others it’s not. “I really want to thank Publix for going above and beyond for their customers’ needs.”
The Devils had their four-game winning streak halted with a 2-1 loss against the Monarchs Wednesday at Times Union Center. Scott Clemmensen turned aside 27 shots and Matt Lorito netted his second goal of the season. Infograph of the Devils 2-1 loss to the Manchester Monarchs on Wednesday, Apr. 1. The Devils climb into the top eight in the Eastern Conference continues Wednesday with a 7 pm outing against the Monarchs at Times Union Center. The Devils return home for a pair of games this week, and hit the road Friday for their last matchup with Springfield. Wednesday | 7 pm Times Union Center Manchester vs. Albany Dollar Dawg Night Friday | 7 pm MassMutual Center Albany vs. Springfield Saturday | 5 pm Times Union Center Binghamton vs. Albany Military Appreciation
The kitchen was once the heart of the home. Families and friends would gather, gossip and laugh while creating meals and many wonderful memories. Bring back this experience with an event familiar to many Hispanic homes--a tamalada. Making your own tamales is simple, satisfying and a great way to spend time together with loved ones. Sandra Vásquez, inventor of the Más Tamales Masa Spreader, will give a hands-on tamale lesson at select San Antonio Public Library locations. Make some, take some, try it at home. And on November 19, join us at Central Library for a free performance of "Las Nuevas Tamaleras." (Separate tickets required.) Sponsored by Bolner's Fiesta Products, Mex-Sales Company, The San Antonio Public Library Foundation, City of San Antonio Parks and Recreation Department, and Burras Finas Productions. SAPL Cortez Branch Library (View) San Antonio, TX 78224 |Kid Friendly: Yes!| |Wheelchair Accessible: Yes!|
From chicagoblackhawks.com: (link) In a season where rookies excelled, culling the field for the Calder Trophy to three finalists was tough business. But when the votes from the Professional Hockey Writers' Association were counted Columbus Blue Jackets goalie Steve Mason, Anaheim Ducks forward Bobby Ryan and Chicago Blackhawks forward Kris Versteeg The 2009 NHL Awards will be broadcast live from the Pearl Concert Theater inside the Palms Hotel Las Vegas on June 18 on VERSUS in the United States and CBC in Canada. In addition to being Calder finalists, another common bound among the trio is they want to make a difference for their clubs. Based on their play during the regular season, they did just that. All three played important roles in helping their teams make the Stanley Cup Playoffs. It's doubtful that the Ducks or Blue Jackets would have made the playoffs without their rookie stars, while Versteeg was the key to the Blackhawks' sharp start this season. Versteeg and Ryan have another thing in common, they both believe their team is better off with the puck on their stick. Both are excellent skaters and puckhandlers who like to carry the puck into shooting situations and fire away. Both have had to learn to rely more on their teammates and that has been part of their growth this season. Mason, Ryan and Versteeg each overcame earlier disappointments to prove their merits in the NHL. Ryan and Mason started the season in the minors. Mason was buried four years ago by a Junior B coach, but switched teams and continued his progression. An impatient Ryan returned two more seasons to juniors after being drafted second overall in 2005, while Versteeg was traded from his drafting club for -- the ultimate putdown -- a career minor leaguer. Steve Mason, Columbus Blue Jackets -- To put it in historical context, Mason's rookie season rivaled or exceeded those of Calder winners Martin Brodeur, Patrick Roy, Tony Esposito, Roger Crozier, Glenn Hall, Terry Sawchuk and Frankie Brimsek. His 10 shutouts led the NHL, the first rookie leader since Esposito had 15 in 1970. Mason ranked second with a 2.29 save percentage, eighth with 3,664 minutes, ninth with 33 wins, 10th with 61 games and 11th with a .916 save percentage. He led all rookie goalies in every category except save percentage, finishing second to the .917 posted by Nashville's Pekka Rinne, whose fine season included seven shutouts. Mason started the season with the AHL Syracuse Crunch after knee surgery last April. He was called up after six games and won his first three starts. Mason was 9-5-1 after stopping 48 shots, his season high, in a Dec. 17 win over the San Jose Sharks. His season best four-game winning streak from Dec. 27-Jan. 2 included three shutouts. Mason got better as the season went along. He had a 2.72 GAA after five games, but had it down to a season-low 1.66 on Jan. 2. While it rose to 2.29 at season's end, his save percentage remained the same since Feb. 21, suggesting he was consistent and playing a little better than his teammates. Mason won three games against the defending Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings after the NHL All-Star Game, including a 46-save effort March 7 in an 8-2 victory at Joe Louis Arena that his coach considers the most important in franchise history. Bobby Ryan, Anaheim Ducks -- For three years, the Ducks and Ryan endured the tease: Who was drafted second behind Sidney Crosby in the 2005 Entry Draft and where is he now? Ryan followed the normal progression of two more junior seasons and a year in the AHL. Now, he's the first West Coast player to lead the NHL rookie scoring race since Luc Robitaille in 1986-87. Ryan led all NHL rookies with 31 goals and 57 points, and he spotted the field 18 games. Ryan had to start the season in the AHL because the Ducks couldn't fit him into their salary cap. After producing 5 goals and 10 points in 23 games with the Ducks a year ago, Ryan underwent an intensive summer conditioning program, dropping his body fat from 19 to 7 percent and shedding 20 pounds to 207. He also eliminated the high-risk elements of his game to become a reliable two-way player. Ryan is a powerful 6-foot-2 winger and he plays a skilled game. He had an impressive 17.8 shooting percentage from 174 shots. Ryan led the Ducks with a plus-13 rating and 12 power-play goals, 17th in the NHL. He was 27th in goals and second on the Ducks behind Corey Perry's 32 goals. Coach Randy Carlyle moved Ryan around the lineup, mostly second- and third-line shifts in the beginning, as well as left and right wing, before giving him increased responsibilities. Ryan wound up playing left wing on the first line with Perry and Ryan Getzlaf. The Ducks were 12th in the Western Conference with 10 games to go but got strong performances from the top line down the stretch. Getzlaf had 14 points, Perry 13, and Ryan had 11, including seven goals. Kris Versteeg, Chicago Blackhawks -- For a rising team trying to market a new identity, Versteeg was a Godsend. Of course, his 22 goals and 31 assists, fourth in team scoring was Important, but Versteeg brought an alternately witty and off-the-wall sense of humor into the dressing room. Check the Web for some of his teammate-teasing videos, the teammates' responses, and his dressing-room rap session. There's no question there was tension in Chicago at the start of the season – the Hawks fired coach Denis Savard after only four games -- but Versteeg's early timely scoring and wit helped alleviate the pressure. He had 7 goals and 20 points in the first 20 games. His scoring slowed during the second half, but he finished with three points in the final four games. Versteeg is on the smallish side at 5-foot-10 and 180 pounds. He's had success playing the wing with center Dave Bolland and Patrick Sharp Versteeg uses short, choppy strides and unpredictable changes of direction to make room for his outstanding puckhandling ability. He can carry the puck through traffic and resembles a basketball point guard in his ability to penetrate from the perimeter to the net. He learned to use his teammates to greater benefit during the course of the season. Versteeg led NHL rookies with 31 assists and was eighth on the Blackhawks. His 22 goals and plus-15 rating ranked fourth among NHL rookies. Versteeg led the Blackhawks and tied for fourth in the NHL with four shorthanded goals. Ryan and Versteeg tied for second among NHL rookies with three game-winning goals.
Join Johnny Campbell and Cameron Steele’s efforts to raise $20,000.00 for the Rancho Santa Marta Orphanage at the legendary Baja Beach Bash 5 and roost Baja with the legends. What started as a Baja sharing ride with a festive atmosphere and a stop at the Orphanage to give back has become an annual institution that has hosted 100’s of people over the past 4 years. 2013 marks the 5th annual Baja Beach Bash roost fest. “We do this because we love Baja and equally love to share her with others and at the same time we can raise awareness and support for a great cause.” — Johnny Campbell “We help to shine a light on Rancho Santa Marta Orphanage in San Vicente through our trips and for the Baja Beach Bash 2013 we are hoping to raise $20,000.00.” Cameron Steele www.Race-Dezert.com is onboard to create some epic video content and feature the ride. Bullet Proof Diesel from Phoenix, AZ is pledging to match funds up to $10,000.00! Funds can come in from sponsors or straight donations and Bullet Proof Diesel will match them until the goal is reached. To jump start the fund raising effort SCORE Trophy Truck racer and champion Jesse Jones started donations with a $5,000.00 contribution. Your help is needed please be part of this opportunity to give back to some amazing kids. Join us, sponsor the trip, or donate to a great cause. Baja Beach Bash would like to thank the following sponsors who have committed to the 2013 ride: JCR, DA, Bullet Proof Diesel and Jesse Jones.
Watt Sees Reservations As Failure of Socialism Published: January 19, 1983 WASHINGTON, Jan. 18— Interior Secretary James G. Watt Tuesday called Indian reservations ''an example of the failure of socialism.'' Mr. Watt's department includes the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which supervises the reservations. In an interview to be broadcast Wednesday on the Satellite Program Network based in Tulsa, Okla., Mr. Watt said that reservations aggravated social problems. ''If you want an example of the failure of socialism,'' he said, ''don't go to Russia, come to America and go to the Indian reservations.'' He said the Indians who lived on reservations maintained by the Federal Government experienced drug abuse, alcoholism, unemployment, divorce and venereal disease. ''Every social problem is exaggerated because of socialistic government policies,'' he said.
Don't get on here much anymore. I see the old thread closed, the new thread is closing in on 3K posts, and I dropped out of the top 20 posters from the old thread. I miss checking things out but I got tired of seeing people post crap and asking what's it worth??? Anyways I hope all my old trading partners are doing good.
Ten years after parting ways, actor Michael Douglas and ex-wife Diandra Douglas are back in court to battle it out over his latest earnings. The 65-year-old star was said to have paid his former spouse a hefty $45 million, per the terms of their 2000 settlement, but according to a report in the New York Post, his current good fortune could add even more money to the old divorce deal. It all comes down to actor’s decision to bring Gordon “Greed is good” Gekko back to the big screen in the upcoming “Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.” Diandra Douglas’ legal eagles claim the original settlement not only awarded their client a financial share from the films her ex-husband made while they were together, but also any future spin-offs. Now the question is whether or not the new take on “Wall Street” really is a spin-off. It should come as no surprise to learn Michael Douglas doesn’t think so. Arguing before a judge last week, his attorney insisted the movie is sequel, not a spin-off. "They're not the same thing," lawyer Marilyn Chinitz said in a quote published in the Post. Gosselin’s kids think his huge tattoo is ‘cool’ A giant dragon now occupying roughly half of Jon Gosselin’s back is a hit with the kids, or so says the former reality-TV dad. In an interview with Radar Online, the former Ed Hardy enthusiast revealed the meaning behind his new tattoo, as well as the “Plus 8’s” reaction. “I have planned this tattoo for years now,” Gosselin explained. “I wanted something that resembled a rebirth or a change in me.” Well, no one can deny the man has changed a lot over the years. At least the ink marks one change the kids enjoy. “They love it and think it’s cool!” Gosselin boasted. Jason Bateman denies getting booed Despite reports that claimed Jason Bateman received a round of boos after being escorted to the front of an iPhone frenzy line last week, the “Couples Retreat” star has denied it. More Entertainment stories Autistic ballerina dances her way into hearts In a popular YouTube video, the beaming little ballerina dances an entire four-minute routine seemingly perfectly, matchin... - Every on-screen drink in 'Mad Men' in 5 minutes - See the 'Dancing' stars' most memorable moves - Emmy's biggest snubs? Cranston, Hamm, more - 'Toy Story' toys burn up in prank on mom - Autistic ballerina dances her way into hearts “There wasn't one boo,” Bateman announced to his Twitter followers. “Not one hiss. The Apple guy brought me in away from the paparazzi. Period. I was content in line. I wish I'd stayed.” Maybe the actor just couldn’t hear the commotion coming from the end of the reported 2,000-person line. After all, one source told Us Weekly, "Everyone literally started booing and hissing!" Dish on the fly If gay heartthrobs want to keep their teen-idol status, they should stay in the closet, according to comedian Joan Rivers. "It’s part of the game. If you're going to be a romantic idol and try to get every teenage girl to love you, then you'd be an a-- to come out and say you're gay," Rivers told The Advocate. “Ricky Martin was so smart. He did what he did, made his millions and then he said, ‘Guess what, everybody? I'm gay.’ ... It didn't matter anymore because he didn't have to bring in 16-year-old girls.” … Did Katy Perry and Russell Brand get married before their official big day? In separate slips, the pair hinted that they’re already man and wife. First Brand referred to Perry as his wife during an interview with OK! magazine, and then Perry followed it up with an even bigger flub. When asked about her future (or possibly current) hubby by U.K. talk show host Graham Norton, she replied, “Life's never dull with him — that's why I married him!” before catching herself. Tabloid Tidbits is compiled by Ree Hines. Follow @ReeHines on Twitter to gab about the latest gossip. © 2013 NBCNews.com Reprints
Asylum applications in industrialized countries rise in first six months in 2011 By continent, Europe registered the highest number of claims with 73 per cent of all asylum applications in industrialized countries. GENEVA, October 18 (UNHCR) - Industrialized countries saw a 17 per cent increase in asylum applications in the first half of this year, with most claimants coming from countries with long-standing displacement situations. UNHCR's "Asylum Levels and Trends in Industrialized Countries, First Half 2011" report, released today, also shows that 198,300 asylum applications were lodged in the period between January 1 and June 30, compared to 169,300 in the same period in 2010. As application rates normally peak during the second half of the year, UNHCR projects that 2011 may see 420,000 applications by year's end - the highest total in eight years. So far this year there have been major forced displacement crises in West, North and East Africa. The report finds related increases in asylum claims among Tunisians, Ivorians and Libyans (4,600, 3,300 and 2,000 claims respectively), but overall the impact of these events on application rates in industrialized countries has been limited. Taking the 44 countries surveyed in the report as a whole, the main countries of origin of asylum-seekers remained largely unchanged from previous surveys: Afghanistan (15,300 claims), China (11,700 claims), Serbia [and Kosovo: Security Council Resolution 1244] (10,300 claims), Iraq (10,100 claims) and Iran (7,600 claims). "2011 has been a year of displacement crises unlike any other I have seen in my time as High Commissioner," said UNHCR chief António Guterres. "Their impact on asylum claims in industrialized countries seems to have been lower so far than might have been expected, as most of those who fled went to neighbouring countries. Nonetheless we are grateful that the industrialized states have continued to respect the right of people to have their claims to asylum heard." By continent, Europe registered the highest number of claims with 73 per cent of all asylum applications in industrialized countries. Only Australasia saw a significant decline in applicants: 5,100 claims compared with 6,300 a year earlier. By country, the United States had more claims (36,400) than any other industrialized nation, followed by France with (26,100), Germany (20,100), Sweden (12,600) and the United Kingdom (12,200). The Nordic region was the only part of Europe to see a fall in asylum applications. Meanwhile, in north-east Asia applications more than doubled - 1,300 claims were lodged in Japan and South Korea compared to 600 in the first half of 2010. The "Asylum Levels and Trends in Industrialized Countries, First Half 2011" report complements UNHCR's annual Global Trends Report, issued in June each year, and which this year found that 80 per cent of refugees are being hosted in developing countries.
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET WASHINGTON, D.C. 20503 July 12, 2011 STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY H.R. 2018 – Clean Water Cooperative Federalism Act (Rep. Mica, R-FL, and 39 cosponsors) The Administration strongly opposes H.R 2018 because it would significantly undermine the Clean Water Act (CWA) and could adversely affect public health, the economy, and the environment. Under the CWA, one of the Nation’s most successful and effective environmental laws, the Federal Government acts to ensure safe levels of water quality across the country through the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Since the enactment of the CWA in 1972, the Federal Government has protected the waterways our citizens depend on by using its checks and balances authority to review and adjust key State water pollution control decisions, where necessary, to assure that they reflect up to date science, comply with the law, and protect downstream water users in other States. H.R. 2018 would roll back the key provisions of the CWA that have been the underpinning of 40 years of progress in making the Nation’s waters fishable, swimmable, and drinkable. H.R. 2018 could limit efforts to safeguard communities by removing the Federal Government’s authority to take action when State water quality standards are not protective of public health. In addition, it would restrict EPA’s authority to take action when it finds that a State’s CWA permit or permit program is inadequate and would shorten EPA’s review and collaboration with the Army Corps of Engineers on permits for dredged or fill material. All of these changes could result in adverse impacts to human health, the economy, and the environment through increased pollution and degradation of water bodies that serve as venues for recreation and tourism, and that provide drinking water sources and habitat for fish and wildlife. H.R. 2018 would disrupt the carefully constructed complementary CWA roles for EPA, the Army Corps of Engineers, and States in protecting water quality. It also could eliminate EPA’s ability to protect water quality and public health in downstream States from actions in upstream States, and could increase the number of lawsuits challenging State permits. In sum, H.R. 2018 would upset the CWA’s balanced approach to improve water quality across the Nation, risking the public health and economic benefits of cleaner waters. If the President is presented with this legislation, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. * * * * * * * Associate Director for Policy Outreach White House Council on Environmental Quality
I've never pretended to be anything on Enclave but what Molly Ivins called an "opinion monger," so why is Nashville Scene editor Liz Garrigan so ambivalent about the likes of me? Sweeping generalizations about bloggers in pajamas is a bit like me saying that all Nashville Scene writers are rather pale Michael Musto impersonators (as if the authentic Musto were not pallid enough to begin with) or that local alt-journalism seems to come down to getting a buzz on and playin' the dozens. Just like there are some really bad apples in journalism there are some (admittedly more) funky fruits in the blogosphere. But the risk of democratized writing is benality in our midst and foolishness at the edges. So, lighten up, Liz. The "fourth estate" should not have a lock on having influence. And some of us down here at your feet who actually care about writing even still read between the covers and believe that authorship is only at an end in the Aristotelian sense that it is a virtue at which we aim rather than a status which we proclaim.
Student Green Energy Fund Proposals Due The Student Green Energy Fund (SGEF) was established to help USF become an environmentally sustainable campus but we can’t accomplish this without YOU! Submit your proposal for projects that will use renewable energy technologies or improve energy efficiencies that directly lower the university’s energy costs. Current students and/or employees can submit a proposal and we encourage collaboration among departments. The SGEF is administered through the Patel School of Global Sustainability at USF. For more information visit www.usf.edu/GreenEnergy
Well ive missed you guys! Been busy with work. But I got off early today at lunch to check this out. A friend of mine has a friend who just bought this. A 2011 12C. Thing is absolutely amazing. No idea how he paid for it. But I've never been so jealous in my life. He's my age by the way. 21 or so. Well, where to start. I figured out how he got the car. Credit card fraud. I found out today that the kid who had the car stole it. Pretty amusing. Not so jealous anymore. He's was pulled over today and has bail set at 100k. OUCH. Here's the link if your interested
How did it all begin? We hear that often and the truth be told, there was no great business plan or any plan at all, really, just a comment, a thought, an item on a bucket list. In October of 2011 at a home brewers’ gathering held at the farm of Jane and Craig Deitz, Craig planted the seed with a comment to his friend, Brad Paulson, about a desire to have a micro-brewery on Green Bluff. Brad’s response, “I’m in”. And so it began. With collectively over 50 years of home brewing experience between them, Craig’s background in chemistry and Brad’s expertise in construction, a friendship became a partnership. Over a beer on a snowy winter’s day, Craig drew a schematic of the lay out of the brewery system. With the help of family and friends, construction of the big barn took place in the summer of 2012. As fate would have it, the building of the barn itself inspired daughter-in-law, Camille Dietz, to suggest the name – “Big Barn Brewing Company”. A soft opening took place for Oktoberfest 2012 and the response to a brewery on Green Bluff was overwhelmingly positive. The summer of 2013 brought home brew enthusiasts to the bluff in droves, arriving in cars, motorcycles, bicycles and limousines. Continuing to brew on two nano systems the two home brewers struggled to keep up with the demand, sometimes brewing five batches a week. With the installation of a seven barrel system in early 2014, Big Barn was able to move into full production that summer. Our goal is to be self-sustaining, using farm produce from the Deitzes’ own farm as well as the surrounding farms, and has resulted in the production of such brews as our Blackberry Porter, Pumpkin Ale andour newest addition, a cherry kolsch. With Craig’s original drawing on display in our rustic tap house, Craig and Brad continue to do all of the brewing with their original mission statement always close at heart – to brew the best beer in the world. Black Dog Stout - Pets, especially great dogs, are wonderful gifts in our lives. At our farm we have Nandi, a black lab and Chesapeake Bay mix. This laid back dog loves life, her family and visitors to the farm. Our Black Dog Stout is meant to deliver that same relaxed attitude to those who fill a mug with this deep, rich chocolate, caramel blend. Add a hint of fine brewed coffee and you can’t help but smile. Thanks, Nandi! ABV: 7.8% IBU: 28 Fallow IPA - Amarillo and Styrian Golding hops harmonize in this IPA to give a brew with a flavor as crisp as the fresh air on Greenbluff. This well-balanced IPA will warm your pallet with a spectacularly fresh floral hop character. ABV: 7.2% IBU: 130 Bodacious Blonde - This unique brew is a full-bodied, malt forward summer ale that really satisfies the thirsty pallet. People that are looking for a break from the hoppy beers and are craving something flavorful and malty need look no further than this startling satisfying brew. ABV: 5.9% IBU: 20 Mead Honey Lager - Farm fresh local honey lingers on your tongue in this refreshing well-balanced lager. Our honey lager is a clean, crisp brew which sparkles and effervesces so as to belie the fact that this, too, is a naturally unfiltered Big Barn brew. Washington 2-row barley blends nicely with cascade hops to make this a unique and exceptional lager. ABV: 5.3% IBU: 22 Bluff Top Belgian - Belgian is a style based on its site of origin. This Belgian is a bluff top original. Our local farm Belgian captures the same country charm which made Belgians unique. Big Barn incorporates our own homemade golden Belgian candy, both Munich and Belgian malts, and a nice combination of orange zest, coriander, and juniper to spice this wonderful brew. ABV: 5.2% IBU: 36 Dunn Day IPA – Debuted in the fall of 2012, this single hop IPA is brewed with Centennial hops grown right here on the farm. Crisp and light, it’s a fresh and satisfying way to reward yourself for a day well spent and will make you want to return to the little tap house found at the intersection of Dunn and Day Roads. ABV: 7.2% IBU: 100+ Strong Oat Stout - If you’re interested in a substantial beer, this is it. Oatmeal and roasted barley harmonize to produce a dry stout that is more drinkable than most. Styrian Golding Hops balance with coffee and caramel notes to produce an experience you won’t want to limit to one pint. ABV: 6.6% IBU: 28 Strawberry Blonde - In keeping with our motto “we don’t make fruity beer, we make beer with fruit”, our strawberry blonde is a malty, lightly-hopped blonde ale, with a tart, refreshing flavor, made with strawberries grown right here on the farm. ABV: 5.9% IBU: 20 Rusty Red Ale – In general, the prominent flavor of a red ale is the roasted barley which also gives this beer its reddish hue. Very lighted hopped, this ale is our lowest in alcohol content but is still big on flavor. For someone looking for the middle ground between the lights and the darks, this might be the beer for you. ABV: 4.3% IBU: 40 Mountain Smoke Porter- A dark, malty porter with apple-smoked grain, this brew is full-bodied and satisfying. It has quickly become a customer favorite. ABV: 7.2 IBU: 39 Golden Pumpkin Ale –The golden color and character of this beer proclaims fall on the bluff. Balanced with a perfect blend of two row barley, caramelized farm fresh pumpkins, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and real vanilla. ABV: 5.78 IBU: 20 Raspberry Wit – “Speak to the earth and it will teach thee”. As we strive to find the perfect melding of fruit and beer, it is the sweet delight of Jane’s canning in the kitchen that delivers our answer. Cane-ripened raspberries from our farm are blended to create the best preserves and syrups, and it is that syrup that goes directly into the boil to give the hint of raspberry color and flavor to this wheat ale. ABV: 5.25% IBU: 13.3 (Some beers are seasonal and are not available all year round. We add new beers all the time, the best way to find out what's on tap is to come up for a pint.) Joining the Big Barn Brewing Company Mug Club has its benefits! ** mug with brass medallion bearing your favorite number ** $3.00 pints anytime ** $8.00 growler fills (64 oz) ** BBB T-shirt ** 10% discount on all merchandise ** invitation to all of the Mug Club events ** the joy of being part of the club! Price: The Mug Club runs January - December for $100.00
Graham Reid | | 1 min read This unfocused and largely haphazard film -- part travel footage, part film of reggae artists, some political subtext hinted at -- dates from 1980 when French filmmaker Bonn took a camera to Jamaica and the streets of black Britain. There is considerable footage where the camera is looking out the window of a vehicle which travels though the Third World streets of somewhere in Jamaica (presumably Kingston) -- but the real jewels here are Toots and the Maytals captured in a recording studio where Toots is incendiary, and later the magnificent Congos singing Row Fisherman Row on a beach accompanied only by an acoustic guitar. These extended sequences (there is also solo Toots singing deeply soulful blues, interview with Cedric Myton of the Congos and more footage of them singing material from their classic Heart of the Congos album) are the ones to fast-forward to, they are utterly gripping. The interviews on the streets of black Britain seem designed to confirm that the second generation over from Jamaica were having it tough, which was hardly news even then. Linton Kwesi Johnson, Steel Pulse and others had been saying so. The film quality isn't the best and filming people with black skin in dark rooms is never the smartest idea, but the soundtrack and the often impenetrable talk of Jah keeps the attention. So this is uneven and certainly not the lost classic that some may have it. But it does have important period footage of Jamaica -- and those thrilling sequences with Toots and the Congos. For those reasons alone it should be in any serious reggae collection.
Welcome to ishottoto.com, a site designed by dog lovers for people who want to share their pictures of their furry companions. Your dog is special, and you have every right to be proud. Showcase your canine by uploading your pawfect photo today - it's 100% free. If you have any questions, or suggestions, please use our contact form. Approximately one million dogs in the United States are named as the primary beneficiary in their owner’s will.
Call in to speak with the host Every year I do a Winter Solstice special episode to celebrate the time of the "return of the sun." This is also the darkest time of year as it is always darkest before the dawn. In this episode I will talk about this powerful time of "going within" and how you can use it for greater self awareness and expansion. Last year at this time we were all preparing for the Solstice 2012 which was a huge talked about event. How has our world changed as a result? How are we changing? Has there been any changes at all? Join us and find out. Sorry we couldn't complete your registration. Please try again. Please enter your email to finish creating your account. Receive a personalized list of podcasts based on your preferences.
By Ginna Parsons/NEMS Daily Journal I picked up a special edition of Taste of Home magazine featuring Italian dishes one day last week and immediately marked a half dozen recipes I wanted to try. In this magazine there are no fewer than 17 lasagna recipes, plus all kinds of ideas for stuffed shells, pizza, manicotti, soups and pasta bakes. One recipe that looked really easy I tried last Wednesday night. I made one substitution – I cut some of the pork called for and used ground chuck – and I added minced garlic because we like that flavor. I’ve found mostaccioli pasta before at Walmart, but Kroger doesn’t carry it by that name, although they do carry a Private Selection pasta called penne lisce that’s very similar. You could always substitute regular penne or penne rigate for the mostaccioli. I thought there was going to be too much pasta for the amount of meat and sauce in this, but the recipe was spot on. Not only was this dish delicious, but it was pretty, too. Son Patrick said it was one of the best things I’ve cooked all year – high praise from the hamburger king. This recipe made lots of leftovers, which my husband and I enjoyed for several days. 1 pound uncooked mostaccioli 1 pound ground sweet Italian sausage 1⁄2 pound ground chuck 2 cloves garlic, minced 1 (24-ounce) jar meatless pasta sauce 1 egg, lightly beaten 1 carton (15 ounces) Ricotta cheese 2 cups shredded Mozzarella cheese 1⁄2 cup grated Romano cheese Cook pasta according to package directions and drain. Crumble sausage and beef into a Dutch oven. Cook over medium heat until no longer pink and drain. Add garlic and cook 1 minute more. Stir in pasta sauce and cooked pasta. In a large bowl, combine egg, Ricotta and Mozzarella. Spoon half the pasta mixture in a greased shallow 3-quart baking dish. Top with cheese mixture and then spread remaining pasta mixture on top. Cover and bake at 375 degrees for 40 minutes. Uncover, top with Romano cheese and bake 5 minutes longer, until heated through. Makes 8 to 10 servings. Ginna Parsons is the Daily Journal’s food/home/garden editor.
The present study examined the changes of depressive symptoms and salivary cortisol responses in 36 outpatients with major depression. These patients were randomly assigned to receive combination therapy (CT), consisting of antidepressants and body-mind-spirit group psychotherapy, or monotherapy (MT), consisting of antidepressants only. The results indicated that CT and MT had similar effects on reducing depressive symptoms. Nevertheless, the results revealed that cortisol levels at night appeared to have a greater reduction in CT than in MT, indicating a downward trend in CT but an upward trend in MT. Moreover, a steeper diurnal pattern of cortisol—a larger deviation in cortisol levels between 30 and 45 minutes postwaking and evening—was more likely associated with CT than MT. The findings suggest that CT produced a protective effect on outpatients with major depression, preventing the increased night salivary cortisol levels and the flatter diurnal cortisol pattern that tended to occur in MT.
Federal Reserve Delays Enforcement of Volker Rule STEVE INSKEEP, HOST: Some other news. The Federal Reserve and other banking regulators have granted banks a two-year grace period to come into compliance with the Volcker Rule. That's one of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill passed a couple of years ago. It restricts American banks from making trades that put the bank and depositor funds at risk. But as NPR's Yuki Noguchi reports, regulators are struggling to iron out the details. YUKI NOGUCHI, BYLINE: The principle of the Volcker Rule - named after former chairman of the Federal Reserve, Paul Volcker - is to restrict a bank from taking too many risks with its own proprietary trading. But as a practical matter, defining what is risky is fraught with more questions. How risky, exactly is too risky? Would, for example, investments in government bonds - once considered very safe, now be considered risky? Nancy Bush is contributing editor to trade publication SNL Financial. NANCY BUSH: It's a nightmare. To me, it just illustrates the degree of complexity and the degree to which quote, "safe" activities and quote, "non-safe" activities in the banking industry are so difficult to differentiate. NOGUCHI: The Volcker Rule and other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act were to go into effect this July. But, of course, you can't enforce rules unless you have them. The Fed and other regulators therefore said it would delay enforcement of its to-be-announced rules until July 21st, 2014. Yuki Noguchi, NPR News, Washington. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright National Public Radio.
The activity at Sicily's Mount Etna, as we've said, can be seen from space. But it's video from a much closer perspective that's getting attention today. Check how the night sky glowed Tuesday and Wednesday as the volcano spewed. Copyright 2013 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
|Photo by Keely Yount| Hi, girls! I wanted to take today to share a very special guest post, which I had the opportunity to write for Dahlia Lynn. Dahlia Lynn is the blog written by the amazing Jessica, and it's also the name of the super-coveted jewelry line that she also designs. Jessica is doing an incredible guest post series on her blog called "Love You", a segment in which bloggers tell what they love most about themselves. I think that as women, we have a much easier time giving out compliments to each other, but have a really hard time acknowledging our own attributes. I adore Jessica's brilliant concept for this series, centered around self-love and acceptance. Check out my post for Dahlia Lynn and be sure to follow her spectacular blog and jewelry creations! Be blessed, lovelies-
Published on December 30th, 2008 | by Jules Yap15 Post Christmas hacks Now that all the feasting is done, I have a couple of post Christmas hacks. Tara says, “I made a Rattvik white wine glass into the Ye Olde Pimp Chalice! I used a Rattvik white wine glass, faux gold leaf, decoupaged images I made using digital collage of copyright-free clip art, resin and faux rhinestones to make this pimp chalice for my man for Christmas. I was my first attempt at doing any of these things on glass and my first use of resin at all and for the most part I’m really pleased with how it turned out! The inside of the bowl really does glow like movie special effects gold in the light! If I had to do it again, I’d use higher-quality rhinestones, though.” See more of the chalice on craftster. Digital Ribba photo frame John from Australia shares with us his Ikea hack, put together as Christmas presents this year. He says, “I decided to purchase two cheap 7″ digital photo frames on sale from K-Mart for $30.00 AUD and mount them in Ribba frames. The larger frame is the 30 cm x 40 cm Ribba ($20.00 AUD). Since the window cut out of the mat board that comes with the frame is larger than the LCD, I had to get a mat board cut to size with a window that matched the size of the frame, this cost me another $20.00 AUD. I simply removed the clear plastic frame from the digital photo frame before mounting the LCD inside the mat board. Total cost was $70.00 AUD. The smaller frame is the 18 cm x 24 cm Ribba ($9.00 AUD). The window on the mat board was smaller than the LCD, so it was simply a matter of cutting out a larger window before mounting the LCD. Total cost was $39.00 AUD. I apologise for the poor lighting in the photos. I don’t have access to a digital camera at the moment so my iPhone had to suffice.”
Since the season ended, I’ve been asked several times whether the Orioles are going to get an ace this offseason. My answer is no. I don’t even hesitate. The reasoning is simple. There are no true aces on the market (Matt Garza? Japan’s Masahiro Tanaka? Hiroki Kuroda?), the Orioles likely wouldn’t offer a five-year-plus deal even if there were an ace available, and they don’t have the farm system to deal for a No. 1. It’s part philosophy and part supply and demand. The Orioles have never given a free-agent pitcher a contract longer than three years. And I don’t see them doing it now. Not with the current ownership and not with the current front office. And not with so many examples of big-money pitchers being worth the money for about half of their contracts and being a financial albatross for the rest of it. The reality is that most teams, including the Orioles, can’t pay for five years to get two or three good years and two or three lost ones from a starting pitcher. Teams like the New York Yankees can bury those mistakes, but most can’t. The majority of teams need to grow their own aces or trade for someone with potential and hope to get lucky. Think I’m talking the party line? Consider the list of the 27 pitchers who have started a division series playoff game this October (Clayton Kershaw started two): Detroit (Max Scherzer, Justin Verlander, Anibal Sanchez); Oakland (Bartolo Colon, Sonny Gray, Jarrod Parker); Boston (Jon Lester, John Lackey, Clay Buchholz); Tampa Bay (Matt Moore, David Price, Alex Cobb); Pittsburgh (A.J. Burnett, Gerrit Cole, Francisco Liriano, Charlie Morton); St. Louis (Adam Wainwright, Lance Lynn, Joe Kelly, Michael Wacha); Los Angeles Dodgers (Clayton Kershaw, Zack Greinke, Hyun-Jin Ryu); and Atlanta (Kris Medlen, Mike Minor, Julio Teheran and Freddy Garcia). Of that group, 15 of the 27 are homegrown and have not been with any other organization. Nine of those 15 were drafted in the first round or supplemental first round by their current clubs. Only one of the 15 was an international amateur (Teheran). It would be 16 of 27 if we threw Ryu into that group, but he was an international professional purchased from Korea (for six years and $36 million), so he’s in a category by himself. Also in a category of his own is Garcia, whom the Orioles sold to the Braves in August because he was in the minor leagues and wasn’t going to pitch in the major leagues for the Orioles again. Six others who started games in the division series originally were obtained by their current clubs via trades, including Burnett, who signed one of those disastrous free-agent contracts with the Yankees before they dumped him, and Sanchez, who has since signed a big deal with the Tigers but first went to Detroit in a trade from Miami. That leaves four of the 27 who were obtained via free agency: Colon, Lackey, Liriano and Greinke. Lackey’s free-agent deal was considered a bust before this season; Colon and Liriano were under-the-radar free agents; Greinke’s six-year, $147 million deal was a headline-grabber. My point: It’s rare when those huge free-agent pitching contracts pan out. The teams that get to the postseason consistently are the ones that know how to draft and develop pitching. That, of course, is the subject for another day when it comes to the Orioles.
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science in English Not all English majors become teachers. Some do, and we think our program prepares them to be very good ones. If you want to teach at the college level, our program will prepare you to pass the GRE and do graduate work with flying colors. But professions for English majors are much more numerous than most people think. Because of their highly developed skills in reading, writing, critical thinking, and understanding of the human condition, English majors have a great advantage in professions as diverse as law, poetry-writing and medicine. The major in English is a traditional course of study in literature and composition for the student who plans to attend graduate school (in English or another field) or to take a job not requiring certification to teach. The program prepares the student for successful performance along a great variety of professional paths having to do with precise verbal expression and with philosophical knowledge of the human condition. The program requires coursework in writing, literary study, and critical theory, but it also asks the student to choose several elective courses to suit his or her personal interests. Students study literature from various world cultures, especially British and American. Our English major alumni are prepared to compete for good graduate school positions, and they are well-equipped to enter many positions in the world of business that require high-level reading, critical thinking and writing skills. Their literary studies make them particularly suitable candidates for positions requiring a balanced understanding of human beings and their potential. Program Plan (pdf) |Want to see exactly what classes you will take? The Program Plan (sometimes called a degree sheet) includes all specific requirements - including University proficiencies, Frameworks courses and degree requirements.| Each of Evangel's academic programs is made up of a set of core curriculum, program requirements and electives. The courses listed below are just a small sample of courses that might be taken as a part of this specific program. |Composition and Literary Analysis||Introduction to at least four major literary-critical theories of the twentieth century and discussion of each theory's continuing potential for use in the current critical climate. Study and application of fundamental techniques for producing scholarly papers in literary analysis and interpretation.| |American Literature before the Civil War||Study of American writing with emphasis on social and intellectual backgrounds from the Puritans through Transcendentalism.| |English Literature Survey I, II, III||Surveys English Literature from the Medieval Era to the present, emphasizing major writers in each period.| |History and Structure of the English Language||Introduction to modern linguistic analysis and a brief history of the English language.| |Senior Seminar||Critical reading and writing as well as development of research skills with an emphasis on literary criticism. Addresses job opportunities, preparation of a resumé, and available professional organizations for English majors.| Evangel University's world-class faculty is made up of caring, Christian professionals who are distinguished in their fields and dedicated to the development of tomorrow's Christian leaders. Dr. Luke Gibbs taught English courses at Central Bible College for eight years prior to the consolidation. He now is a full-time member of Evangel’s Humanities Department, teaching a variety of courses including American literature, world literature and composition. Gibbs grew up in Brazil, Portugal and Belgium as an Assemblies of God missionary kid. He […] read more Dr. Diane Awbrey has been teaching English courses at Evangel since 2005. Prior to joining the Humanities faculty, Dr. Awbrey developed curriculum for the Kauffman Foundation of Kansas City. She has also taught at Central Bible College, Friends University and St. Michael’s College in Vermont. For a time she also owned her own magazine publishing business. […] read more Evangel's academic programs are designed specifically to prepare you for a career in the real world. But it's more than just job preparation; it's preparing you to make a full impact in your profession through the unique combination of faith and learning. Here are some of the professions this degree would prepare you for: - College/university professor - High-school teacher (with professional Education degree) - Technical writer - Creative writer - Freelance magazine writer - Grant writer - Proposal writer/manager - Public-relations writer - Press agent - Book editor - Magazine editor - Copy editor - Web-content writer/editor - Paralegal/legal assistant - Court reporter NOTE: Recent statistics from the American Association of Medical Colleges (AAMC) indicate that students in the Humanities (which include English studies) tend to score higher on the MCAT than most other applicants, including Biology majors (AAMC, 19 Feb. 2012). Other AAMC statistics indicate that, by percentage, Humanities majors are the most likely applicants to be admitted to medical school. No special requirements for this program. General Undergraduate Requirements The following are general requirements for all students beginning an undergraduate program at Evangel. For more information visit Undergraduate Admissions Requirements. |Faith||As a boldly Christian university, all of our students have made a profession of faith in Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Savior.| |Diploma||Graduation from high school, or having the equivalent of a high school diploma such as the General Education Development (GED) examination.| |Core Subjects||A minimum of a 2.0 GPA in core college prep classes (English, math, social sciences and science with a lab)| |Grade Average||A "C" average. However, in some cases, a student with a weak academic record may be considered. To remain at Evangel, however, the student must meet scholastic requirements.| |Standardized Tests||>Entering freshmen should take the ACT or SAT test. The codes for Evangel are as follows: SAT: 6198. ACT: 2296.| When it comes to life at Evangel, there's always something happening on campus and there are always new lessons to learn, even outside of the classroom...Learn More
June 10, 1:15 PM @ Meadowlark Senior Center Regular meetings take place on the second Tuesday of the month at 1:15 p.m. at the Meadowlark Senior Center. June 10, 2:00 PM @ Loma Colorado Main Library Summer Reading Program for teens to create their own Doctor Who and Tardis art June 10, 6:00 PM @ Rio Rancho City Hall, Governing Body Chambers Regular meetings take place on the second and fourth Tuesday of each month at 6 p.m. at Rio Rancho City Hall. Meetings are streamed on the city's Web site and broadcast on Rio Vision, the city's government cable channel available to Rio Rancho Cable One subscribers.
Aww Cole, you're a real hoot & glad to see ya! Renny & puddin are sisters? LOL! Yeah Cole, RFF prankster! Anyway, wanted to drop in to say hi to everyone and say I really like BB10 so far! Rooting for Jerrrry of course! The others? Not sure yet, but overall, it appears to be a good group. Also, wanted to post a here for all you newbies. We're really happy to have you join in the fun and appreciate your presence here! Sorry I've not been here lately, but I'm here now...and think I'm caught up with the Newbie Hangout Welcome thread. Newbies, please feel free to drop by the Hangout. It's for anyone to say Hi and welcome new members and to introduce yourselves as well. Check it out! http://forum.realityfanforum.com/index.php/topic,12507.0.html Many Thanks to all who are welcoming folks here in this thread and elsewhere. Keep up it up! Love ya all to pieces!
Cat PDA Vs. Human PDA, And Other Animal Behavior Explained From feisty kittens to pacing cheetahs, Vint Virga knows animal behavior. A veterinarian who specializes in behavioral medicine, Virga has treated many household pets in his clinic. But for the past five years he has been working mostly with leopards, wolves, bears, zebras and other animals living in zoos and wildlife parks. He deals with such issues as appetites, anxiety and obsessive behavior. "I'm always trying to provide every single animal I come into contact with ... with the opportunity to invent and think and discover on their own," Virga tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross. Virga's book, The Soul of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human, was recently published in paperback. It explains how animals demonstrate mindfulness, forgiveness and adaptability — and what we can learn from them. Virga talks about how house cats, like lions, are more fulfilled when they forage for food — and how animals express affection differently than we might think. On making cats forage for food Probably the most important thing I stress to all my clients is to think about what the cat would do if they were living in nature. They would have to actually hunt for food. While we can't put out lizards and mice to run around in our house, we can portion out the food and make it more challenging and interesting for the cat to actually find. I take my clients through a program of actually teaching their cats to forage for their food. Yeah, it isn't live, but they've got to go on the hunt or the prowl throughout the house, and the locations in which they're going to find the meal scattered about in the house ... are going to be different every day. And cats find that very stimulating and very interesting — it adds a lot of richness to their lives. On how cats show affection differently from humans We need to step out of what we consider are the appropriate behaviors as humans and try to put ourselves in an animal's footsteps. ... Affection is shown by being cuddly and lovey for a lot of us — not necessarily all of us — [so we often think] that our cats would want to be cuddled and loved. Instead, a lot of cats, if you actually watch their natural behavior when they're in groups, the most affectionate cats might be sitting near each other. They might sit with their tails intertwined, rear to rear, but they're not usually face to face, nose to nose, or snuggled up next to each other. ... That says that cats feel comfort and they express their emotions in ways differently than we do. If that's true, then what behooves us [as] ... their caretakers and human family members, is to learn about what it is that cats think and feel rather than [imposing] what we think and feel upon them. On reading animal behavior at the zoo Usually I like to spend a fair amount of time sitting outside an animal's habitat and watching them, without trying to interact with them in any way, so I can understand as much about their behavior as possible — how they relate to other animals in their habitat, what they do in their time. It's one thing to see a wolf, for example, pacing alongside the edge of their habitat at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon when they're starting to anticipate that their afternoon meal might be coming. It's a very different thing if I see a wolf pacing around after their morning meal, before the zoo visitors have started to enter, because they reflect very different behaviors. One, we're talking about a wolf that's anticipating something and starting to get a little bit anxious or excited; and the other, we're talking about a wolf that even after his appetite and hunger needs have been met, he's still choosing to pace. That reflects something very different in behavior. On how zoos have changed to improve the animals' well-being I think the most important things that zoos have done in the past 10, 20 years, is that they [have] focused primarily on the animal's well-being. And, depending on their feedback and responses, looked at their behavior, looked at their overall happiness and contentment, and used that as the gauge for what to do for the animal. They've also applied as much [as] science knows about the animals in nature. What that looks like is providing them with a space that's a lot more rich and full than just a place that is an exhibit. So it's really shifting from not a cage, because most zoos don't even have those anymore, but from an exhibit to a habitat. The environment is much richer and more complex rather than flat and uniform, so that we can see them. [Zoos are] providing [animals with] opportunities to escape from view of the public — and that can be difficult for a zoo. ... Visitors complain to the zoo if they can't see the leopard, the bear or the lion. But on the other hand, if the lion doesn't have any choice of getting away from the public at times, particularly if there [are] crowds or noisy visitors, then we're taking away their sense of control over their environment. On captive-born zoo animals It is important to realize ... that most animals in zoos nowadays are captive-born. They are not, by and large, taken from the wild. Usually it's a number of generations that we would have to trace back to any type of direct wild animal. ... It becomes a constant effort by zoos, that is, supervised in a very strict fashion in terms of making sure that these animals are not inbred, to maintain diversity in the population, and yet what we are dealing with [are] ... animals that are to some degree different than their wild cousins. They lose some of those instincts by ... not having predators and the pressures of the world that they're being exposed to — from habitat loss and pollution and so on. They also are gaining other traits in that they're constantly getting this affiliation or connection to humans. I'm touched by the relationships that I witness every day between keepers and the animals in their care. TERRY GROSS, HOST: This is FRESH AIR. I'm Terry Gross. When Dr. Vint Virga makes his rounds, it's at a zoo. He's a veterinarian who specializes in behavioral medicine. He's treated many pet dogs and cats, but for the past five years he's mostly been working with leopards, wolves, bears, zebras, and other animals living in zoos and wildlife parks. Typical problems he deals with involve food issues, anxiety, and obsessive behavior. Earlier in his career, he practiced veterinary general medicine in emergency rooms and his own clinic. He's the author of the book "The Soul Of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human," which was recently published in paperback. Dr. Vint Virga, welcome to FRESH AIR. So can I start by telling you something about the new cat that my husband and I adopted? Because I think... VINT VIRGA: Please do. GROSS: I think, like, a lot of people with cats will have this kind of issue. So, you know, we took him home, and it was so exciting to get him out of the shelter. And, he just seemed to be hungry all the time - and we realized that he probably didn't get fed that much, you know at the shelter. It was a great shelter; but nevertheless. But he would just like, meow constantly, wanting food, and you'd feed him and then - he'd meow - he'd want more food. So we've been trying to figure out what's the best way of starting to, like, regulate his diet. Is it, like, a couple of big meals a day, and then you get no more? Or there's also - a lot of people do the - I think it's called, like, free - free feeding - is that what it's called? Where there's, like, a bowl of dry food out all the time and the cat just eats when he or she wants to, and there's a finite amount of food per day, and that's you get. VIRGA: Yes. Well, and you can imagine free feeding is probably the furthest from natural. A feral cat living on a dairy farm, or out in nature would not have a free choice of eating food whenever he or she wanted to. So what I really encourage clients to do, is to at the very least, divide their meals into a number of portions, and spread those throughout different times a day. If we have a kitty that we're dealing with that likes to get up in the middle of the night and wake the family members up early in the morning, that's particularly important to give them a meal as close to bedtime as possible, because you're giving them an option to eat during the night, and they'll probably be a tiny bit less motivated in the morning. But probably the most important things I stress to all my clients is to think about what the cat would do if they were living in nature. They would have to actually hunt for food, and while we can't put out lizards and mice to run around our house, we can portion out the food and make it more challenging, and interesting for the cat to actually find. So I take my clients through a program of actually teaching their cats to forage for their food. Yeah, it isn't live, but they've got to go out on the hunt or the prowl throughout the house, and the locations in which they're going to find the meals scattered about in the house or portioned out in the house. They're going to be different every day, and that - that - cats find that very stimulating, and very, very interesting. It adds a lot of richness to their lives. GROSS: So like, where do you suggest hiding the food? VIRGA: Oh, my goodness, everywhere from closets, to allowing certain shelves on a bookshelf, behind cabinets, behind the television, or entertainment center. Underneath dressers if there's enough crawlspace, inside boxes that they would actually have to either open, or inside balls that they would roll around and the food would actually drop out. Food can be put in something as simple as a - the cardboard tube inside a roll of toilet paper, and then taped up, punched with a few holes, and the cat would actually have to roll the tube around in order to get the food out. GROSS: I guess if you're not vigilant about cleaning up all those places where you put the food, the cat might soon have real vermin to chase (laughing)? VIRGA: (Laughing) I guess so. But if you put it in small portions, in five or six different places of the house, most people are - find that the cat is very, very thorough in terms of cleaning up everything. And the food doesn't have to be on a rug, or on the floor. It can be in a saucer, it can be in a cup, it can be in a little bowl, or; as I said before - a ball or a box. GROSS: Do you recommend this for all cats, or just cats who are having some kind of eating problem? VIRGA: I really recommended it for all cats. And what it is, is it's really just carrying over what I do with zoo animals over to the family situation. Within the zoo, the keepers are constantly looking for new ways to encourage the animals to invent, and explore, and interact with their environment. And consistently, and reliably, what we find is that those are the animals that live the most fulfilled lives, and seem to be the most emotionally healthy. GROSS: So how do you make sure you're not reinforcing bad behavior? Like if your dog barks, or whines, and it wants something? Or, your cat meows and it wants something? Part of you wants to give it to them because you love your animal, and you want to make them happy. But then, you don't want to encourage them to be nagging - you know - to be nagging all the time that they want something, and meowing or barking all the time. VIRGA: Right. So it really becomes a matter of timing. If we reinforce them, if we give them what they want - even if we don't give them what they want, and we give them just our attention - at a time right after they've done a behavior that they're hoping to get something out of, then what we're doing is reinforcing the behavior. And what instead I recommend is that we actually do our best to hold off on our instinct to respond to them, until they stop. If that behavior's really ingrained, it may take a while for them to stop. It may be just for a moment that they finally stop whining, or barking, or meowing. But at that moment, if we take the opportunity then to reinforce them with affection, or attention, or praise, or food, then what we end up doing is giving them a pretty clear message, and they figure it out pretty quickly, that - ah, so now if I'm quiet, or if I'm not demanding, whatever it is I want, that's when I'm actually going to get it. GROSS: Do you think it's a good idea to, like, feed your animal before they're asking for it so that you're not reinforcing the meowing or the barking? VIRGA: Yeah. Yeah, that falls in the category of preventing. And prevention is wonderful because what it does is it helps to solve the problem before it's actually happened. VIRGA: So that's the same thing as, for example, the cat that's active at three in the morning. One of the things you can do is put out food in several different, hidden spots in the house before you go to bed. And that gives them something to do when they wake up in the middle of the night. GROSS: I want to ask you about children. A lot of people have pets and children. And sometimes the pets and the children get along famously; other times, they don't. And sometimes the children can actually scare the pets. And you write about an example like that where a married couple got two kittens, two sisters. And after that, they had a baby, a daughter. And eventually, one of the cats became a hermit, hid all the time. And you figured out that that had to do with the way the daughter was playing with the cats. Tell us what the problem was. VIRGA: Well, their daughter was about two years old. And at that age, she was rather rambunctious and energetic. And she had a particular fondness for her kitties. In fact, her kitties were her favorite thing in the whole world. And if she had the - if she had her druthers, she would rather spend time playing with the cats than doing anything else. And the way in which she played was a little bit loud and boisterous and rough. And she hadn't really learned the subtleties and nuances of the signals that her kitties were saying to her - or conveying to her. So one of the cats was very tolerant and accepting of that, but the other cat became very reclusive and hid from her. What was going on was that she was just literally running in every time she saw them and screaming, kitty, kitty, kitty and chasing them throughout the house. VIRGA: If you or I were a little cat and we had someone chasing after us that way, we might want to hide too. GROSS: So what did you do to solve the problem? VIRGA: Well, two things. I helped them to appreciate the nature of the problem. And they didn't quite appreciate how their daughter's love and enthusiasm for the kitties really was bringing about this behavior. So part of it was education. But really, the main two things we did is we gave the cat an opportunity to be with the family without hiding - but be with the family in a safe way. So what we actually gave her was safe, elevated perches that were out of their daughter's reach in the most common places in the household that the family would gather -in the eating area, in the living room and then in the daughter's bedroom. And then, the other thing we did was that we taught the daughter a game that I called Whisper Kitty. And what I actually taught her to do was instead of - taking that incredible enthusiasm she had for her kitties and instead play game of, every time she was excited to see the kitties, she would tiptoe and walk softly and slowly and then whisper to the kitties. And she caught on to this. This, to her, was a marvelous, new game. And the kitties responded dramatically in a very short timeframe. GROSS: You know, you write in your book, impassioned cuddles and kisses are human, not traits we see in the feline world. So what does that tell us about how to express our love for our cats and what not to do? VIRGA: I think what it tells us, with respect to our cats as well as every species, is that we need to step out of what we consider are the appropriate behaviors as humans and try to put ourselves in an animal's footsteps or an animal's shoes, so to speak. Instead of thinking that for us, affection is shown by being cuddly and lovey for a lot of us - not necessary all of us - that our cats would want to be cuddled and loved. And instead, a lot of cats, if you actually watch their natural behavior when they're in groups, the most affectionate cats might be sitting near each other. They might sit with their tails intertwined, rear-to-rear. But they're not usually face-to-face, nose-to-nose, or snuggled up next to each other a lot. That says that cats feel comfort and they express emotion, their emotions, in ways differently than we do. And if that's true, then what behooves us as being their caretakers and human family members is to learn about what it is that cats think and feel rather than superimposing what we think and feel upon them. GROSS: If you're just joining us, my guest is Dr. Vint Virga. He's a veterinarian who specializes in behavioral medicine. He works with pets as well as zoo animals. And he's the author of the book "The Soul Of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human." Let's take a short break here, and then we'll talk some more. This is FRESH AIR. GROSS: This is FRESH AIR. If you're just joining us, my guest is Dr. Vint Virga, a veterinarian who specializes in behavioral medicine. In addition to treating cats and dogs, he consults with zoos and wildlife parks on the care and feeding of animals. So you knew when you were young that you wanted to work with animals. You always loved animals, you had cats and dogs as a child - but you're working with zoo animals now and you - you didn't have lions, and tigers, and giraffes, and elephants as a child. How do you learn about the behavior of so many different kinds of animals that there's no - no way you could have been really exposed to outside of visiting them in zoos when you were - you know, before you became a veterinarian? VIRGA: Yes well, that's a really good question. When I - when I started in my behavioral medicine residencies at Cornell - part of behavioral medicine residency requires that you spent time with zoo animals. But I came out of that residency program thinking, oh boy how am I going to be able to work with zoo animals. I - I'll stick to what I feel is most comfortable and what I know best. However, when I got an opportunity to see a polar bear at a zoo fairly early on in my behavioral part of my crew, all I could do was take what I knew about behavior of animals in general and - and take it to the polar bear's side to try to figure what was going on with that particular bear. And as I got invited to start visiting more and more animals at zoos, I started to see some rather distinctive patterns and - and that is that they're definitely differences between giraffe behavior and - and leopard behavior - and between wolf behavior and tortoise behavior - but at the same time there're a lot more commonalities than - than we would actually think exists. I can't even to this day tell you that I - I can know what - what I'm going to see when I'm dealing with species that I haven't dealt with. But it's a matter of taking what I do know and then taking the time to - to really observe and listen and - and then put the two together to try to understand what's going on for that animal. GROSS: When you're making the rounds at a zoo what do you do? What are you looking for? VIRGA: Well, what I love to do if I had my druthers is - is come before anybody else at the zoo. Because I can usually see the animal's behavior a whole lot better than before - than when visitors are starting to come into the zoo. But usually I like to spend a fair amount of time sitting outside an animal's habitat and watching them, without trying to interact with them in any way, so I can understand as much about the behavior as possible - how they relate to other animals in their habitat, how - what they do in their time. It's one thing to see a wolf for example pacing outside - pacing alongside the edge their habitat at about three o'clock in the afternoon when they're starting to anticipate that their afternoon meal might be coming. And it's a very different thing if I see a - a wolf pace around after their morning meal before the zoo visitors have started to enter because they - they reflect very different behaviors. One we're talking about a wolf that's - that's anticipating something and starting to get a little bit anxious or excited. And the other were talking about a wolf that even after his appetite and hunger needs have been met, he still is choosing to pace. That reflects something very different in behavior. GROSS: So you've listened to a lot of wolves howl and try to understand what they're saying to each other. What can you tell us about what you've learned about how wolves communicate through howling? VIRGA: Well, I think that we think of wolves communicating - if you think of a how, if you try to translate it into words - we can't take animals, including wolves' signals, and try to translate them into sentences. But what we can see for example with wolf howls, is that they vary in pitch, and frequency, and tenor and duration, and they're used between wolf groups to communicate when - when individuals of a pack will - will separate to go on their nighttime hunt - they use it as a way to communicate with each other where they're located, and also where to check in with each other, and to also to reunite at the end of the day. GROSS: Something you wrote in your book leads me to believe that you are good at mimicking some kinds of meows, and understanding some of the variations in meaning that accompany it. VIRGA: Well - well, yes. So there's been all sorts of scientific studies that have looked at cat vocalizations and tried to categorize them. And I think in general though, what I tell people is you know better frankly than anyone. When your cat does certain vocalizations what they're - what they're saying to you - if there chirping or meowing in a certain way, it's probably because they want your attention. You notice a very different purring type of sound oftentimes when they're content and they are laying on your lap. But to dissect it and break it down into individual vocalizations, while it can be useful, I also don't know how practical it is in the real world. GROSS: Does this mean I'm not going to get you to meow. VIRGA: (Laughing) If you really want me to, I'll meow. GROSS: I really want you to. VIRGA: (Laughing) OK. Well, let's see for example I could give an example of our two Norwegian Forest Cats. They're very, very different terms of their vocalization. Our - our male is very quiet - he's a Norwegian Forest cat so is rather big, he's around 16 pounds, which is - which is a big but not heavy size - not overweight size for a Norwegian Forest cat. And when he wants attention he'll go (imitating cat) budururrr, and do little tiny chirps. If he is distressed about something - if I were for example come over and go Fritz, I haven't seen you in forever, I've been on a trip for a week, and I come up to him and instead of stroking him, which I know he likes, I just have to give that little human hug and - and he doesn't like it he most likely is going to go [imitation of cat noise] orrrerrrrow, and you know, run away. Our little girl on the other hand, Clara, when she wants attention she almost sounds a little bit like a yowling Siamese and she will sometimes be up in the - especially if I have been writing for hours and ignoring them, and I'm at my desk, she will go just out of reach in the hallway to where I can't see here and then start going (imitating cat) rowwww, rowwww, rowwww - and she knows very effectively that I'm not going to sit at my desk and - and ignore her. And she does it on purpose that she's just out of sight because she knows if she were in sight, that it wouldn't be nearly as effective at getting my attention. And sure enough I'll put - I'll put down my pen and step away from my desk and go and find her and - which is exactly of course, what I'm not supposed to be doing. Because what am I doing? Reinforcing the attention. GROSS: I was going to point that out. VIRGA: Yeah, so what I tend to do, Terry, is instead what I - what I like to do if I'm smart and really want to get work done, is I will prevent it as you'd said earlier and give them - give her a totally different part of the house to - to explore, to investigate - give her things to do, give her puzzle boxes and - and hide food and give her a little cat bed that I put maybe on the second or third bookshelf along with some sprinkled catnip. And - and that'll keep her busy until she's exhausted and - and she'll - she'll happily rest and sleep while I work on my - my writing. GROSS: What's a puzzle box? VIRGA: And puzzle box is like what I was talking about earlier - where you take just a simple cardboard box and you can fill it with shredded paper, or you can fill it with nothing other than food itself. But usually you're putting - what I put in there is either a scent or two like - like cinnamon and clove can be really interesting to cats - or catnip. Or I can put some - some freshly cut catnip branches. Matatabi's another plant that our kitty cats like - that's Japanese Silverthorne I think it's called. Or we can put just - I can just put food - the regular cat food Kibble, or Kibble mixed with a few pieces of freeze-dried fish or chicken. And then the box is - is not completely sealed, but sealed enough that it her a little while to get inside of it - which is just what I would do with a leopard or a lion GROSS: Dr. Vint Virgo will be back in the second half of the show. He's the author of "The Soul Of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human." I'm Terry Gross and this is FRESH AIR. GROSS: This is FRESH AIR. I'm Terry Gross, back with Vint Virga, a veterinarian who specializes in behavioral medicine. Although he still treats cats and dogs, for the past five years he's worked mostly with animals in zoos and wildlife parks. Virga is the author of the book "The Soul Of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human." I would imagine that the behavioral disorders that you've seen in a lot of zoo animals have to do with the fact that they're in captivity. What are some of the things that zoos have successfully done to make the zoo environment a little closer to the animal's natural environment that you think - things that you think have helped in terms of the behavior of the animals? VIRGA: I think the most important things that zoos have done in the past 10, 20 years, is that they've focus primarily on the animal's well-being and depending upon their feedback and responses, looked at their behavior, looked at their overall happiness and contentment and used that as the gauge for what's going - what to do for the animal. And then, they've also applied as much as science knows about the animals in nature. So what that looks like is providing them with a space that's a lot more rich and full than just a place that is an exhibit. So it's really shifting from - not a cage because most zoos don't even have those anymore - but shifting from an exhibit to a habitat where the environment is much richer and more complex, rather than flat and uniform so that we can see them - providing them opportunities to escape from view of the public. And that can be difficult for a zoo in that visitors complain to the zoo if they can't see the leopard or the bear or the lion. But on the other hand, if the lion doesn't have any choice of getting away from the public at times, particularly if there's crowds or noisy visitors, then we're taking away their sense of control of the environment. So a key part of what zoos do nowadays is give the animal control and choice in their environment by making it a lot richer and fuller and more complex. And then the third thing is environmental enrichment, like we were talking about with cats earlier, is applied to every single animal I work with. GROSS: So that there's things for them to do - puzzles...They have to hunt for their food. VIRGA: Right. The key that I'm always trying to provide every single animal I come into contact with is the opportunity to invent and think and discover on their own and to provide them with a richness of opportunities to explore their world and interact with it in a entirely new way. GROSS: Do you feel more positively disposed towards zoos than you used to when you started in veterinary medicine? VIRGA: Absolutely. I used to avoid zoos with a passion. And even when I made the decision that I wanted to try to do a little bit of work in zoos, it was very painful and difficult for me. But I also felt like if I didn't do what I could within the structure of zoos as they existed, they weren't going to go away. So the best thing I could do was do what I could within the organization, within the structure of what existed, to try to make things better for the individual animal. GROSS: And you point out that zoos actually have a very important place, now, in the lives of endangered species 'cause a lot of endangered species basically have no natural habitat anymore. And the zoos, at least, can try to reproduce some of that habitat. VIRGA: Yeah. And that applies to every - to almost every species out there. If we look at elephants - I don't know what the latest numbers are. But they're devastating, the number of elephants that are in Africa compared to what there were 10 years ago. Those numbers, if we look at them, for a wide number of species out there, reflect a changing world where the habitats are being compromised. Pollution is taking away the quality of life of these animals, encroachment of humans on their environments and poaching, hunting, are all taking away the world of these animals. And zoos can actually be looked at, in my mind, as havens, where at least we're doing the best we can for at least some of the individuals to try to turn around and then bring awareness to those species out there that most desperately need it. GROSS: Do you think the animals are changing in the sense that they're getting acclimated to humans? You know, like lions and tigers and giraffes and elephants that wouldn't necessarily be around humans are around people all the time in zoos - the zookeepers as well as the crowds who come to see them. So do you think that that changes the animal, or that the animal becomes more comprehending of humans and maybe more friendly? VIRGA: Yes, I think so. It's important to realize, too, that most animals in zoos nowadays are captive-born. They're not, by far and large, taken from the wild. And usually it's a number of generations that we would have to trace back to any type of direct wild animal that was originally captured many generations ago. And so it becomes a constant effort by zoos that is supervised in a very strict fashion in terms of making sure that these animals are not inbred, to maintain diversity in the population. And yet, what we are dealing with, very honestly, are animals that are, to some degree, than their wild cousins. And they lose some of those instincts by constantly not having predators and the pressures of the world that they're being exposed to from habitat loss and pollution and so on. But they also are gaining other traits in that they're constantly getting this affiliation or connection to humans. And I'm touched by the relationships that I witness every day between keepers and the animals and their care, even in some of the most - what would be thought to be solitary, unsocial animals. VIRGA: Like something like a takin, that in nature, I think, would keep away from humans as much as possible - or a leopard or lion or tiger. Bears - the bears that I work with are very, very oriented towards the keepers and definitely look forward to seeing them every day. They add a richness, and they add social interaction. GROSS: If you're just joining us, my guest is Dr. Vint Virga. He's a doctor of veterinary medicine who specializes in behavior medicine. And he's the author of the new book "The Soul Of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human." Let's take a short break. Then we'll talk some more. This is FRESH AIR. GROSS: This is FRESH AIR and if you're just joining us, my guest is Vint Virga. He's a veterinarian who specializes in behavioral medicine and he's the author of the new book "The Soul Of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human" and he now works mostly with animals in zoos although he continues to have the cat and dog patients that he had before he spent more time in zoos. So give us an example of a pet or a zoo animal in which you seen repetitive behavior and you had to diagnose what the problem was and tried to treat it? VIRGA: An example would be a Doberman retriever I saw a number of years ago and he would get up early in the morning and he would sit in his living room of this house and start to watch for reflections or lights on the wall even though there weren't any lights on the wall and as time progressed over the day he would continue to chase after what appeared to be imaginary objects. We couldn't see any reflections or any images or any insects or bugs that he was changing after. What it all started out with was, actually, a laser pen that one of the children in the house was playing with and he became so intent and focused on the laser pen that he would spend a good part of his day chasing after the laser. Then when the laser was not provided he started finding other things that didn't exist to chase after. GROSS: Oh, you're scaring me. I use one of those laser toys with my cat. GROSS: Am I going to drive her crazy? VIRGA: (Laughing) No. GROSS: Make her obsessive? VIRGA: In fact, it's very interesting because cats don't seem to show the pre-disposition that dogs do towards developing a compulsive response to the laser pen. They seem to be fully entertained by it. So that's a big difference between canids and felids with respect to that particular behavior. GROSS: OK, so you realize that playing with this laser pen caused, you know, repetitive compulsive behavior on the part of this Doberman. What did you do? VIRGA: Well, the first thing was to try to prevent any further images, laser pens, reflections from them feeding on the behavior, contributing to the behavior. When we're dealing with compulsive behaviors with animals, as is the case with many people, we end up relying upon medication. Usually training, learning, behavioral conditioning is not sufficient when a behavior reaches the degree of becoming compulsive. So what I did with this particular dog is I put her on an anti-anxiety medication and we were able then by reducing her anxiety level to start giving her other activities that she could spend other time enjoying rather than chasing after imaginary objects and it worked very effectively. GROSS: Were you able to eventually take a dog off the medication? VIRGA: Yes, we were. There are a couple of times that the behavior started to pop up again and by putting her on a low dose and then weaning her off again we were able to manage the behavior really effectively. GROSS: You've had your share of cats and dogs in your life. What's the worst behavioral disorder you've had with one of your own pets and that you've tried to treat? VIRGA: Oh my goodness. Well, Katie, our Labrador retriever, developed separation anxiety at a very young age. She, like a lot of dogs with separation anxiety, was at risk - I think greater risk of separation anxiety because of her background of having had previous owner and then been through really dramatic experience. The way in which Katie's separation anxiety manifested is she would destroy the house while she was left alone by three four years of age she was causing massive damage which as a young veterinarian out of vet school that was a lot to deal with especially when I didn't even own in my own home. We'd come home and we'd find carpets torn and shredded. We'd find poop and pee - poop smeared around the house, puddles of pee in all sorts of places. But aside from all that, those manifestations that we saw, think of what Katie must've been going through to cause that type of damage? She was a typical Labrador in terms of orientation towards people, very people oriented and also fairly energetic. But she never caused destruction if she wasn't left alone and before the separation anxiety really started happening she never caused any type of destruction. GROSS: How did you deal with it? VIRGA: Medication was really the primary answer for her. Alleviating her anxiety to the point that then we could give her other things focus other than when we were leaving her and then it was a process. Once I was able to alleviate her anxiety of helping her to give other things to do. Katie's favorite activities were then left for when we would leave at the beginning of the day to go to work in our respective practices - my wife and I. GROSS: And did it get to the point where you could take her off the medication? VIRGA: We tried twice with Katie and both times she had relapses so she was one of those dogs that I was never able to get medication completely. GROSS: But you're OK with that? VIRGA: Well, look at the quality of her life. GROSS: Exactly right. VIRGA: Yeah, so she ended up being on medication all the way pretty much until she was an old, old dog and wasn't able to get around very well. GROSS: So my understanding is most vet behaviors now think that positive reinforcement is much more effective and humane than negative reinforcement when you're trying to shape behavior or, you know, prevent an animal from doing something bad. VIRGA: Universally there's 60 some odd behaviorists in North America and every single one of us would say wholeheartedly that that is true. That isn't just in the veterinary behavior community. Most of the members of the zoo community have come to realize, a number of years ago, that the best way we can shape and change an animal's behavior is by encouraging and reinforcing behaviors that we want and not reinforcing behaviors that we don't want to encourage. GROSS: So one of our producers has two new kittens, very adorable very lively, but they're from the same litter and they just wrestle with each other and bite each other all the time and now they're starting to do that to the family too - to the family of humans - and they're scratching them and, you know, chewing on them. So what's a good way of getting them to like calm down and stop doing that? VIRGA: And how old are the kittens? GROSS: Ten months. VIRGA: Ten months. OK, so they're still really young. So what I would do with when they're starting to direct any type of attention's to people that's when I would just get up and walk away. I think you can count on the cats at that age not being injured if you were to literally just get up off the sofa and stand if they're on top of your lap. If you're standing and coming into house if you're at a meal and wherever you are the best thing I would say to her is that you should if you're standing and coming to the house if you had a meal and wherever you are the best thing I would say to her is that you should literally just get up and walk away from them so that you're not reinforcing the behavior. And you're also signaling them because they're orienting towards you they're wanting a response from you. You're signaling to them that that is not a behavior that you really want to participate in. On the other hand, whenever they're calm and quiet and acting appropriately, that's the time to lavish attention and praise but not so much that gets them all excited. Some of this they're most likely, very most likely going to outgrow 'cause they're just - they're teenagers at this point, preteens really. So they're full of energy and rambunctious. I would encourage her not to get involved with any conflicts between them unless they become serious and if so, give me a call because chances are they're going to work it out themselves and they will scratch or a little bite here and there is going to be better for them to understand their own limits or the other's limits rather than us trying to inter of the fear and say don't do this. Also if we interfere, all we're doing is getting involved in a behavior that then they're just going to turn around and direct towards us. GROSS: So a water gun can be pretty effective in the short term of getting away from you? VIRGA: Well, I don't know I see a lot of kitties that habituate to water guns so if you really need to do something aversive I think a compressed air canister, you know, the type you would use to a camera or a computer - not directed at them just sprayed in a cupped hand. The hissing sound will usually send most cats running. And at least what I like about that its not directional. A squirt gun will be perceived by most cats as being from you. What we'd rather have is that God or the universe anytime something like that anytime I do the behavior suddenly lets out this hissing sound that I don't like. GROSS: So here's a question for you. I was looking at your picture, you know, the author photo on the back of the book and you're wearing what looks like a leather jacket with a fur collar and I was wondering how you feel about leather and fur or is it faux leather and faux fur. VIRGA: It's actually faux. GROSS: What they now call vegan leather? VIRGA: Yeah. Yeah, which of course raises its own issues 'cause I'm sure it's made from petro-chemicals and everything else but, you know, it's like yeah, there's trade-offs. Yeah, I'm a vegetarian. Yeah, I was raised as a meat eater in undergraduate years I was actually an animal science major where I took other people to the slaughterhouse as a lab assistant so I'm very familiar with the animal production industry. You know, there's choices we make day-to-day and I don't think there's right or wrong personally about it I think the thing I would wish for is that everybody brought up mindfulness to what they're doing instead of just if you love steak and you want to continue eating steak at least recognize that there was a cow whose life was given up, basically, so you could eat the steak and the same thing is true for leather. GROSS: What did you do at the slaughterhouse? VIRGA: Well, I used to accompany the labs and help the teaching assistant with moving students through the labs and what we taught was what's actually involved with the slaughter of animals from moving them to the stockyard to actually being killed to them - how the body is then processed into what we would identify them as steaks and ribs and the bacon and so forth. And that type of reality is not something that's easy to shake or let go of. That type of familiarity with what's going on. So all I encourage people to do is just be aware and then from that, you know, make choices that feel right to them. GROSS: Well, Vint Verga, thank you so much for talking with us it's really been interesting. I really appreciate it. VIRGA: Oh, thank you very much for having me. GROSS: Dr. Vint Virga is the author of the new book "The Soul Of All Living Creatures: What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Human." You can read an excerpt on our website, freshair.npr.org. Coming up, John Powers reviews the new 50th anniversary restoration of the Beetles film, "A Hard Day's Night." This is FRESH AIR. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
When I look down... New York, NY, November 2009 About this photo: It's "feet" week all week long here at Written Inc. If you're hankering for some Thematic Photographic nuttiness, head this way and don't look back. Or down.Over all the years that I went to school and worked in Montreal's downtown core, I never looked down long enough to notice whether my town had standpipes sprouting out of the sidewalks. But when I went to New York, they seemed to be everywhere. I particularly liked this red one. So I thought it made sense to stand beside a standpipe, if only to reinforce my sense of wonder at things my feeble brain fails to understand. Perhaps it's just as well that I just appreciate something for its simple aesthetic without necessarily researching it until the cows come home. Your turn: Things we fail to notice. Please discuss.
issue 184 - June 1988 Here are some groups you can contact who fight to save trees African Non-governmental Network P0 Box 53844. Nairobi, Kenya. A large network of organisations which fight deforestation. Asian Pacific Environmental Network, 43 Salween Road, 10060 Penang, Malaysia. This is the base of a large number of campaigning organisations. Friends of the Earth Raintorest Campaign. Sahabat Alam Malaysia. 43 Salween Road, 10060 Penang, Malaysia Campaigns in over 30 different countries to end the destruction and waste of trees. World Wildlife Fund International, World Conservation Centre. Avenue Cu Mont Blanc, CH 1196, Gland, Switzerland. Campaigns about habitats and the preservation of wildlife diversity. Native Trees Coalition, Joint Campaign on Native Forests, PO Box 756, Nelson. Rainforest Information Centre. PO Box 368, Lismore, NSW. 2480 Campaigns successfully against rainforest destruction. 362 PH Street. Sydney 2000. Campaigns about forest destruction in Tasmania. The Western Canadian Wilderness Committee. 1103-1520 West 6th Avenue, Vancouver, British Colurnbia. A group that sat the centre of the struggle to preserve wilderness areas in one of Canada's most beautiful regions. Forests for Tomorrow. 355 Lesmill Road, Don Mills, Ontario. M38 2W8. A coalition of environmental groups that intervene to ensure the continuing health of forests on crown lands in Ontario. Dale Willows. Box 77. Ariss. Ontario. NOB 1 BO. A network of people concerned with the death of trees from atmospheric toxins and pollution. Friends of the Earth, 26-28 Underwood Street. London NI 7JQ. Runs a highly successful and broadly based tropical rainforest campaign. Also campaigns about acid rain and other ecological issues. World Wildlife Fund, Panda House, Weyside Park, Godalming, Surry SU7 1XR. Campaigns about issues related to the destruction of plant and animal species Rainforest Action Network. 300 Broadway, Suite 28. San Francisco, CA 94133. Grassroots rainforest action groups. Worth reading On ... TREES The Primary Source by Norman Myers, WW Norton & Company 1985. An absolute must. Packed with information and easy to read. In the Rainforest by Catherine Caulfield, Fan Books 1986. Colourful account of the issues behind rainforest destruction. The Death of Trees by Nigel Dudley, Pluto Press, 1985. Useful reference book which takes in temper- ate as well as tropical trees. The Lean Years by Richard J Barnet ABACUS, 1981 A political analysis of the way we are using the world's natural resources.
Turkey Hunting Still Prohibited in Cape Cod National Seashore Contact: Bob Grant, South District Ranger, 508 255 2112 Cape Cod National Seashore Superintendent George E. Price, Jr. reminds hunters that turkey hunting is currently prohibited on all lands, regardless of ownership, within the boundaries of Cape Cod National Seashore (CCNS). Outside the boundary, on lands where turkey hunting is permitted on Cape Cod, the season runs from April 28 through May 10. In September, 2003, the U.S. District Court ordered a review of the national seashore’s hunting program. As a result of this review, a final decision was released in October, 2007. The decision will serve as a guide for future management of hunting within CCNS. One aspect of the decision is to permit a spring turkey season within the national seashore. However, in order to permit this, a special regulation must be created. The regulation is currently working its way through the legal review and approval process. Until the regulation is in place, turkey hunting within the seashore boundary is prohibited.
MyDD’s Googlenuke Campaign posted at 11:38 pm on October 22, 2006 by Bryan The utilization of Google Adwords and simultaneous, widespread embedded hyperlinks in order to drive as many voters as possible toward the most damning, non-partisan article written on the Republican candidate in seventy key US Senate and House races. The campaign will run from Tuesday, October 24th until Tuesday, November 7th. How do you define “non-partisan” in this context? There are an awful lot of blogs, for instance, that don’t have paid connections to candidates and therefore don’t meet the usual definition of partisan but are in fact as partisan as can be. The Nation, for instance. Even The New Republic. Does the NYT fit the definition of “non-partisan?” Newsweek? Just wondering. Anyway. The astrologer’s club’s campaign is fascinatingly evil: The campaign will proceed as follows: * Step One: With help form readers at Dailykos and MyDD, I will compile a list of seventy article, one for each targeted race. Every article will focus on a different Republican candidate, and will be written by as generally trusted a news source as possible. It will also present as unflattering a view on the Republican candidate as possible. All of these articles will be placed into a database that I will maintain with the help of willing volunteers. * Step Two: Once the database is complete, BlogPac will purchase Google Adwords that will place each negative article on the most common searches for each Republican candidate. Simultaneously, I will produce an article on MyDD that embeds that negative article into a hyperlink that names the Republican candidate. I will then send a copy of that post out to as many bloggers as possible, who can also place the post on their blogs. One posting of this article will be enough. * Step Three: All further discussion of the Republican candidates in question on all participating blogs should include an embedded hyperlink that will increase the Google search rank of the article on the given candidate. The result of this should be that the most damning, non-partisan article written on every key Republican candidate for house and Senate will appear both high on every Google search for that candidate, and automatically as an advertisement on every search for that candidate. BlogPac will cover the costs. The netroots will supply the research. If the nutroots are supplying the research, well, you just know it’ll be reliable. I mean, these are people who can’t even Google “Clinton Iraq 1998” to figure out for themselves that the whole “Bush LIED, people DIED” mantra is itself a lie. These are people who can’t rub two search terms together and get link after link between Saddam Hussein and terrorism. These are the people who are going to build a nuclear Google bomb and drop it on the GOP? For some reason, I feel less threatened by this than I guess I should. Their cyber nuke will probably pack all the punch of that North Korean dud. Nevertheless, it’s good to expose tactics like these. It takes a devious mind to come up with a convoluted way to rig Google search terms, tie that to Google ads and hope to move democracy your way via online hypnosis. What would such a mind do from inside Congress, or the White House?
Upcoming WWE Live Event Tour Lineups, SmackDown Dark Match – Justin Gabriel defeated Hunico in the dark match prior to last night’s WWE SmackDown tapings at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, CT. – Here are the updated lineups for WWE’s upcoming holiday live events: NYC, Hartford, Newark Tour: John Cena, Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes/Goldust, The Usos, Real Americans, Big E. Langston, Curtis Axel, Kofi Kingston, The Miz and Ryback. Chicago, Indianapolis, Detroit, Hershey Tour: CM Punk, Daniel Bryan, The Shield, The Wyatt Family, Big Show, Mark Henry, Dolph Ziggler, Alberto Del Rio, R-Truth. WWE will be running a rare Monday night WWE Live Event on December 30th from the Ricoh Coliseum in Toronto, ON. The show will be going up against a live edition of WWE RAW. The house show will feature: John Cena Alberto Del Rio, Dolph Ziggler, Wade Barrett, Damien Sandow, Fandango, The Usos and Kaitlyn. In the months leading up to WrestleMania XXX, WWE will be running two tours. One will feature John Cena, Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes & Goldust and Big E Langston. The other tour will feature CM Punk, Daniel Bryan, The Shield and Big Show.
How to Unleash the Powers of Your Harley Davidson- Screaming Eagle- Glastonbury CT Unleash the power of you're Harley-Davidson with Gengras Motors. Visit us online www.GengrasHarleyDavidson.com Like us on facebook: www.facebook.com/GengrasHarleyDavidson How To Adjust Your Power Commander How To Adjust Your Power Commander on a Honda 680 Rincon wich is cool... four wheeler TENSION HEADACHES: A Harley Owner MUST SEE! This video details the procedure for inspecting the timing chain tensioners. These tensioners are a maintenance item, but are often overlooked (even by dealership technicians) because there is no specified inspection schedule. Failure to maintain the tensioners can cause catastrophic engine failure. What's the difference between the Power Commander V and Power Commander III Ever wonder? The PCV delivers the same performance in a smaller shell, with more tune ability. Get your Power Commander at Dennis Kirk - http://bit.ly/1lQ2Cgz
"With any trilogy," says John Mayer, "the third in the series blows it open." On CONTINUUM the singer/songwriter/guitar slinger meets that challenge head-on. Mayer's third studio album marks his first turn as producer. It is his most soulful, cohesive collection yet and he says it's no accident that this project is where all of his efforts, his potential, and his disparate influences fully come together. He has collaborated with icons and contemporaries alike - Eric Clapton, B.B. King, Buddy Guy, and Herbie Hancock, as well as Kanye West, the Dixie Chicks, and Alicia Keys. In doing so, Mayer says his own interests have grown and his perspectives expanded. Mayer also credits his collaboration with Steve Jordan and Pino Palladino (collectively known as the John Mayer Trio) with helping to recalibrate his musical priorities. “If it wasn't for the Trio, CONTINUUM would have been less accessible. It let me settle up with my needs as a musician, and get to a point somewhere between the Trio record and ROOM FOR SQUARES - and that's a really good place to be." Ultimately, CONTINUUM represents maturity, both musically and thematically, for John Mayer – a concept that he wasn't comfortable with until now. "A lot of these songs are about coming to terms with getting older," he says. This edition of CONTINUUM has been updated to include the single, Say", featured in the feature film "The Bucket List." Waiting On The World To Change I Don't Trust Myself (With Loving You) The Heart Of Life Stop This Train Slow Dancing In A Burning Room Bold As Love Dreaming With A Broken Heart I'm Gonna Find Another You Currently, there are no reviews available.
Last week, the fantastic adaptation of Me and Earl an the Dying Girl hit theaters in a limited run, and this week the lively Dope also arrives on the big screen. Both are spectacular coming of age tales from two very different sides of the spectrum, but they both have wonderful young characters, engaging relationships, and are special in their own ways. And with these two magnificent coming of age movies hitting the big screen recently, we thought it was a good time to look back at some of the great films to come out of this subgenre. But since everyone has gushed over films like Stand by Me, The Breakfast Club and Say Anything for years, I decided to put a more modern focus on coming of age films by counting down my picks for the Top 25 Best Coming of Age Movies of the Past 25 Years. That means you won’t find anything on here from before 1990. Do your favorite movies make the cut? Check out my list of the Top 25 Best Coming of Age Films of the Past 25 Years after the jump! Read More » Please Recommend /Film on Facebook Posted on Wednesday, March 4th, 2015 by Angie Han Before we close the book on another year in film, Brandcameo has one more set of awards to hand out. But these aren’t for achievements in acting or directing or sound mixing. These are for all the product placements that cropped up in the movies last year, from Reese Witherspoon‘s REI boots in Wild to, well, the entirety of The Lego Movie. The winner for most brands in a single film shouldn’t be hard to guess (I’ll give you a hint: it’s in the headline) but smaller films like Nightcrawler and The Theory of Everything apparently still found ways to squeeze in a few notable brand mentions. Find out who won the sometimes dubious honors in the 2015 Brandcameo Product Placement Awards after the jump. Read More » Top-ten lists can be predictable. They often feature the same 15 or so movies, recycled and reshuffled to a point where it’s pretty obvious those were the best movies of the year — or at least the ones that made it to the top of the consensus pile. But out of the hundreds of films released every year, why cut it off at ten? This list is not the ten best movies of 2014. These are the films that almost made the cut. Numbers 11-25. I decided to feature them because, unlike my top ten, these movies are at least a bit more varied. Foreign films, independent films, documentaries, animation, the movies on this list come from all over and contain at least a few surprises in an otherwise tired format. Make no mistake. The films I previously wrote about, in my opinion, are the ten best of 2014. But these movies are pretty damn great too. Below read my not quite top 10 movies of 2014. Read More » As it has done in the past, the New York Times offered a great collection of conversations with directors this year, as the Anatomy of a Scene series gave the directors of many films a chance to dissect their approaches to major scenes in films such as Birdman, A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night, Interstellar, Foxcatcher, Wild, and others. (My only complaint is that directors such as Ava DuVernay and Jennifer Kent are MIA.) Below, you can watch the Anatomy of a Scene series from late 2014. Read More » Dallas Buyer’s Club was a big film at the end of 2013. This year, Wild, the new film from its director Jean-Marc Vallee, is said to be a powerful movie as well, thanks in part to a great performance from Reese Witherspoon. Now Vallee is setting up to make a new film, and this one will potentially combine major factors from his last two movies: it’ll be a story based in truth, anchored by a significant female performance. Vallee is in talks to be the Janis Joplin biopic director; he’ll direct Amy Adams as Joplin in a film about the late singer’s life. Read More » Cool Posts From Around the Web: Posted on Thursday, July 10th, 2014 by Angie Han Reese Witherspoon‘s only release in the first half of 2014 was Devil’s Knot, which actually premiered on the festival circuit last year. But the second half of the year brings not one, not two, but three juicy roles for her in three very different movies. One of those is Wild, the new film from Dallas Buyers Club helmer Jean-Marc Vallée. Witherspoon plays Cheryl Strayed, who wrote the memoir on which the movie is based. After the death of her mother and the breakup of her marriage sends Cheryl spiraling toward rock-bottom, she sets out to heal herself by hiking the 1,000-mile Pacific Crest Trail. The first Wild trailer has just landed, and you can see it after the jump. Read More » Posted on Thursday, August 22nd, 2013 by Angie Han As Dallas Buyers Club prepares for its world premiere at TIFF, director Jean-Marc Vallée has booked his next gig. He’s just signed on for Wild, the Nick Hornby-scripted, Reese Witherspoon-starring adaptation of Cheryl Strayed‘s bestselling memoir. Hit the jump for plot details and more. Read More » Oscar-winner Reese Witherspoon has just been attached to Wild, based on a booked by Cheryl Strayed and adapted by Nick Hornby. Fox Searchlight will distribute the film, which will start production later this year once a director is attached. Wild is the story of one woman who, seemingly out of options, decides to hike more than 1,000 miles on the Pacific Coast all by herself. Read the full press release below. Read More »
View Full Version : F&B New Super RedHawk 480 August 6, 2005, 11:33 PM Any suggestions for an experienced gunsmith to smooth up a new Super RedHawk 480? Even cut the barrel down too? August 7, 2005, 09:17 AM I wouldn't "smooth-up" anything. I have cut the bbls back for hunters who want something to carry when fishing in remote areas, but I even question that! A full size revolver really is about as easy to carry as a short one. Not only that, but if the bbl' is shortened severely your oower is effected. I'd leave that Super alone. vBulletin® v3.8.7, Copyright ©2000-2016, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.
Opening The Promethean Theatre Company's first season is a double feature of Christopher Durang: the short, absurdist pieces Titanic and The Actor’s Nightmare. While the name Titanic may bring to mind the James Cameron movie, this uproarious piece by Christopher Durang is anything but romantic. Taking place aboard the ill-fated ship, Titanic follows a family of passengers, a misused first mate, the good ship’s captain, and his “daughter” as they navigate a sea of confusing melodrama on a ship that just won’t sink-- no matter how many holes they drill in the floor. The Actor's Nightmare is a short comedic play involving an accountant named George Spelvin. Spelvin is mistaken for an actor's understudy and forced to perform in a play in which he doesn't know any of the lines. Titanic and The Actors Nightmare run from November 30th to December 16th at Tulane’s Lupin Theatre. Performances are Friday and Saturday at 8pm, and Sunday at 2pm. General Admission: $20.00 Promethean Theatre Co. Promethean Theatre Company is a new production company dedicated to the creation of thought-provoking and well-produced theatre for New Orleans.
St. Francis High School graduate Jeff Jendryk was selected to the final 12-man roster of the 2014 USA Men's Junior National volleyball team that competed at the NORCECA Under-21 Championships in El Salvador from July 28 to August 3. The U.S. squad ended up bringing home a bronze medal. Jendryk tallied 28 kills and 10 blocks in the tourney, including four kills and three blocks in the third place match against Puerto Rico. Jendryk was one of 21 players invited to the training camp in Lake Placid that began on July 13. He will compete for defending national champion Loyola University next spring. Rooney helps Team USA win gold medal With a 31-29, 21-25, 25-20, 25-23 victory against Brazil on July 20, the U.S. Men's National volleyball team clinched the FIVB World League gold medal for the second time in the team's history. Sean Rooney, a 6-foot-10 outside hitter and Wheaton Warrenville South graduate, was one of 12 players on the roster and he contributed to the win by totaling 21 kills and three blocks during the tourney. Team USA captured its first FIVB gold medal in 2008.
NEW PRODUCT NEWS Newly Designed Cutter Blades Offer Improved Performance at a Competitive Price Tregaskiss Posted 08/02/2013 WINDSOR, Ontario — Tregaskiss has announced improvements to its cutter blades for use with its TOUGH GUN™ TT3 Reamer and TOUGH GARD™ Spatter Cleaner. The newly designed cutter blades feature a twin flute design that improves cutting and cleaning performance during the robotic MIG gun nozzle cleaning process, helping ensure users gain better performance and a longer life from their consumables — all for a competitive new price. The new cutter blades are engineered from a durable material that makes them more resistant to breaking, chipping or cracking. The material also provides a sharper cutting edge that improves cleaning and cutting accuracy. The new cutter blades are designed to fit perfectly with the company’s TOUGH LOCK™ Consumables. TOUGH LOCK Consumables feature nozzles, contact tips and retaining heads with Dual Taper Technology. The consumables feature locking features that guarantee positive electrical conductivity for excellent arc performance and minimize overheating to help extend consumables life. As a reference for ordering information, users can visit the Tregaskiss cutter blade web page at Tregaskiss.com/cutterblades.
Ukelele isn't the easiest word in the world to spell, even if the Guiness Book of Records does consider it to be the easiest instrument in the world to play. Officially, and in the rest of this website, it is spelt with 2 U's, and 2 E's. Not an obvious thing! So, if you've been out trolling for 'ukelele lessons' or information about ukeleles, you would miss most of the information in the world. That's why this page is here - so you can find a ukelele school, or a ukelele teacher, or facts about ukeleles, or ukelele chords, or ukelele lessons. On this page only, we will spell it as 'ukelele'. Your first lesson is this - spell it right, you'll find 10 times more information about it. If you spell it right, and plug it into a search engine, you get about a million responses. The most popular misspelling, 'ukelele', returns about a hundred thousand. That's a remarkably common misspelling, and I'm not even sure if I consider it a misspelling or an 'alternative' spelling. The other spellings, like 'ukalele', 'ukolele', and 'ukilele' do exist, but I wonder if they only exist for the reason that they exist here - so that people who have an erroneous idea of how to spell the word can somehow find information about the instrument. If you found this page searching for information about ukeleles, then, well, Welcome to UkeSchool.com! We have some fine interactive ukelele lessons, a ukelele tuner at the top of every page, lots of great songs arranged for the ukelele, a whole section devoted to playing your ukelele for your baby, and then handing the ukelele to the baby so that she can play with it. I don't care how you spell it. You'll just find more, better stuff if you... spell it with a "U"!
Kent Clarke is a senior member of the Wills and Estate Practice Group and acts as the firm’s IT and technology partner. He has appeared at all levels of court and served as successful co–counsel in defending one of the most complex criminal prosecutions in Nova Scotia. He enjoys the challenges of a litigation practice but has focused most of his practice on the the Estate area. His main enjoyment is helping others. Kent’s commitment to his community can be seen through his active involvement in politics and with several fraternal and charitable organizations. He is a founding member and currently chairman of the board of the SRCF Learning Centre for Children which provides free tutoring to children who have been diagnosed with dyslexia. There are approximately 50 children participating in the after school program. Kent administers several bursaries for graduating high school students in Nova Scotia and acts as solicitor for Philae Shriners of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. He is a past member-at-large of the Canadian Bar Association, Nova Scotia Council and served as the CBA representative on the Nova Scotia Barristers Society’s Provincial Court Liaison Committee. When not involved in legal matters or his community, Kent finds time to work towards a black belt in Taekwon-do. You might also find him on the football field where he has helped coach the Halifax Argos PeeWee and Bantam Football Teams. Kent was recently instrumental in sponsoring the nomination of NFL Coach of the Year for Canada.
This simple necklace made from braided strips of silk sari, came about after numerous customers asked for a more substantial necklace piece to go with our Recycled Bombshell Pendants. It will work great with any pendant to add a rustic/boho feel to your outfit. You could also hook a pin or brooch to the silk fabric to create a completely unique look. Handmade in India, available in Black or Teal. Total length is 34" with a drop of 17". Diameter is 1/3" so it won't work with pendants with smaller openings. The clasp is a circle and hook made from hand forged copper. Lengths can vary slightly due to being completely handmade by our artisan partners at Kiran Social Enterprise in Kolkata, India.
Get all 17 Ian o'Brien releases available on Bandcamp and save 40%. Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality downloads of Object Orient EP, Remixes & Rarities II, A History Of Things To Come (remastered) 2014, The Sentinel (2014 edit), Music comes from Within, Poems 1-16 (Un-mixed), Poems 1-16 (mixed), Understanding Is Everything, and 9 more. , and , . Ian o'Brien Tokyo, Japan Ian o'Brien plays piano, guitar, bass, drums, uniquely blending his sound with electronic/computer based music to make His 1st album 'Desert Scores' was released in 1996. 2 more albums 'Giagntic Days' and 'A History Of Things To Come' followed on UK Peacefrog recs. His latest albums are available now exclusively here on Bandcamp. Streaming and Download help
You don’t have to head all the way to Munich to feel like you’re part of Oktoberfest. We’ve got lots of reasons to raise a beer stein and celebrate right here in New Jersey. Ten-thousand reasons, to be exact. We’re giving away a total of $10,000 in cash and Bonus Dollars to 200 lucky players. To be a part of the Oktoberfest $10,000 Sweepstakes, just make a deposit of $50 or more using bonus code FEST2016 between October 1st and 4th for your first entry. Then play your favorite online slots at BorgataCasino.com. For every 20 iRewards Points you earn, you’ll receive one entry into our Oktoberfest $10,000 Sweepstakes drawing, up to 10 entries per day. On October 5th, we’ll draw 200 winners. First place gets $2,000 cash and the next 199 entries drawn will win between $10 and $500 Bonus Dollars. Remember, you’ve got four days to earn iRewards Points from your PC, Mac or mobile device. So make that minimum deposit of $50 using bonus code FEST2016 and keep playing through Tuesday, October 4th to earn those entries.
I recently saw this woman's blog who decided that she be intentional about taking photos of her with her children. She didn't want them to look back at photos when they were grown and not see her with them. With that in mind I am going to try and take photos of Stomper and I together, even if they aren't amazing. I am going to try at least once a month to join her in "Embrace the Camera". Tuesday night you were up from 9pm-1130pm fussing and crying. Papa tried snuggling with you in bed, but you didn't lay still. At 10 o'clock I took you downstairs to read for twenty minutes because you were so worked up. You snuggled with me in bed for about an hour before I laid you down in your own bed. All night you fussed off and on, and I worried that your tummy hurt from constipation. On Wednesday morning you woke up late. We ate breakfast together and you put your breakfast in your curls. I looked at you with cheerios in you hair and I said, “That's it, I'm cutting it.” I buzzed all your curls off for the second time. I wondered as the curls fell to the floor if you'd always have curls, or if you would grow out of them. I dressed you and let you outside where Grand-Ma-Ma and the daycare kids were playing. I took my shower, started the crock pot, and then went out to play with you. As I opened the door Grand-Ma-Ma called out to me, “He has spots on his feet and hands.” "Oh, no." I scooped you up and brought you inside to look you over. You had spots on your hands, feet, legs, and on your chin. "Looks like Hand, Foot, and Mouth Disease." Grand-Ma-Ma and I looked it up on the computer and confirmed our suspicions. You had HFMD, but you'd be fine in a few days. I gave you a Popsicle to cool down your hands and mouth and put you in front of your favorite TV show "Fresh Beat Band". We spent the morning snuggling, watching TV, drinking Ovaltine, and reading books. After lunch you took a four hour nap and when you woke up you were feeling much better. You were more like yourself, even wrestling with me, and being your goofy self. I am not happy that you were sick, but I am thankful that I was able to be with you all day long.
I am planning to buy the AM10 BOSE speakers, and the seller was suggesting that Yamaha v3900 will suit my requirements which is 1. Connect to my media Gate 800HD to watch my stored videos, music etc and 2. be able to stream audio-video wirelessly in another room to a Samusing TV....?? am not sure how-perhaps using some sort of LED IR remote?? 3. be able to play all fomrats that are playable by MEDIA GATE 800HD 4. Be able to connect to the network to play any internet videos/music-either wirelessly or thro ethernet?? Am not sure if wireless will work well 5. Has a USB connection facility Does anyone know of any other reciever which has these features and is better in terms of cost -this one is apparently AUD3000 Any guidance by someone who knows the features and has used it -knows if I am on the right path selecting this reciever or should I check out something comparable?
Handing in the thesis Submission and seminars- dates and time For dates and times concerning when to hand in your thesis, see Writing a thesis. For a late hand in- if you have not completed your theses within the given time frame, please go to Info for a late hand in. The schedule for the thesis seminars will be sent out via email later on the day of submitting the paper or the next day at the latest. The scheduling is a complicated process where many factors need to be taken into account. It is therefore difficult to accommodate requests from individual students about specific time and date. In order to make sure that you will be able to attend your seminar, please make sure that you are available during the whole period when the seminars take place. In case you have a very strong reason for not being able to attend a certain day during the seminar week (e.g. doctor’s appointment, funeral), please leave a note about this to the thesis coordinators when you submit the paper copies of your thesis. Routines for thesis submission Three paper copies are to be handed in. In addition, the thesis must be sent in to Urkund and submitted electronically in LUP Student Papers before 11.00 the same day. Before you submit your thesis you are required to send the final version of it for review in Urkund at thesis.svetlu [at] analys.urkund.se. LUP Student Papers Before you hand in the paper copies of your thesis, you should submit it electronically as a PDF document in Lund University Publications Student Papers (LUP), see more detail below. If you experience any problems with the electronic registration, please contact your librarian or the thesis administrators. Finally, you hand in 3 paper copies of your thesis to the thesis administrators (see date and time on the lesson plan in Live@Lund). Paper copies must be handed in; otherwise the thesis cannot be examined. Information about LUP Student Papers If you do not have a Student Account you will not be able to submit your thesis. If you have lost your password, you can order a new one from servicedesk [at] lu.se. It may take up to a week to receive a new password. Creating a PDF document PDF stands for Portable Document Format and is a format created by Adobe to facilitate viewing of documents created in a number of different programs. Almost all computers have Acrobat Reader installed; a program, which makes it possible to view PDF files. If you do not have Acrobat Reader on your computer, you can download it for free though the Adobe Acrobat website. You cannot create PDF files using Acrobat Reader. Here are instructions for creating PDF documents: 1) If you have the commercial version of Acrobat (Adobe Acrobat) installed on your computer, you can create a PDF by using the print dialog box and selecting PDF file instead of a printer. The exact appearance of the dialog box may vary depending on if you are using Windows, Mac OS or Linux. 2) There are also a number of shareware programs (eg. freepdfconvert.com), which can create PDF files. Most shareware programs cost money and demo versions may only allow you to create a few PDF files before you are required to register and pay for the software. 3) If you have a Macintosh computer with any version of the OS 10 (X) creating PDFs is never a problem. There is a button for creating (save as) PDFs in the print dialog box, click on it and you are done. N.B It is important that you write your thesis in a single document. The first page, abstract, references etc. should not be saved as separate documents. In order to simplify this process we have made a thesis template. Submitting to LUP Student Papers First time users: If it is your first time select. Log on with your Student Account and follow the instructions. Log on: Use your Student Account and log on to LUP Student Papers. Once logged on you can select to add a new paper, eg.. 20171 is syntax for spring semester 2017. A new window will now open containing the tabs, Work, Publication Info, Context, Files & Access, Additional Info and Message. Compulsory fields is found under the tabs Work, Publication Info, Context and Files & Access. If you have any problems or have questions on how to fill out the information contact the thesis administrators or click on the questionmark. The first tab, "Work", is your description of your thesis with compulsory fields such as author, title, abstract and keywords. Make sure to verify your user identity by clicking on "Select author" and locating yourself in the list of registered students. If you are two or more authors collaborating on the same thesis, make sure to add and verify each author individually. Under the tab Publication Info, write the year of publication. The next tab, "Context" has one compulsory field, supervisor. Fill out the name of your supervisor and click on "Confirm supervisor". Select your supervisor in the list (the name will be linked in blue). The last compulsory tab is "Files & Access". It is here that you upload your thesis. Use the file browser to locate your thesis file on your computer. The file has to be in pdf-format. After locating your file, make sure to set the desired access level to your thesis document. The level of publication is decided by you as the author. When you have filled out all the compulsory fields under the different tabs press. This changes the status of the post you created from "Private" to "In Progress". You have now sent your thesis to the thesis administrators and it can be downloaded for the seminars by other studens. If you experience any problems with the technical side of submitting your thesis, contact your librarian or the thesis administrators. (See first page) Downloading other students’ theses Log in to LUP Student Papers. Select course in the upper right corner and the semester, eg STVM23, 20171 (spring semester 2017). Download the paper you are going to discuss by clicking on the thesis title.
Dating Ukrainian Singles – How to Be the Perfect Gentleman Dating a guy who is being disrespectful towards their country, traditions or culture is what Ukrainian singles have no tolerance for. You may be only joking, but European women take their nationality very seriously. Therefore, it’s necessary to act like a true gentleman at all times. Here is a little list of things that could help you avoid offending your gorgeous Ukrainian date. 1. Never Make Fun of Her English Skills If you want to be successful in international dating, you must not make fun of your partner when she makes a mistake or says something wrong. Even if you’re only teasing, it could sound rude to your date and you could end up hurting her feelings. If you’ve never had to learn another language yourself, you’re in no position to criticise someone who is genuinely trying. It’s not easy to learn a foreign language and being teased by a native speaker will not help the process. Instead, be patient when she speaks and try to understand what she’s trying to say. Explain her mistakes to her tactfully and encourage her to speak more. 2. Don’t Believe Everything You Hear If you’re familiar with the international dating scene, you might have heard the ridiculous and unfair stereotypes about dating Ukrainian singles. If you truly want to impress your partner, you should never ever take these myths seriously. Confidently making statements like all Ukraine women want to find a foreign husband because they want to get a visa for the United States or all of them are communists will only make you sound foolish. You shouldn’t make any generalisations based on someone’s nationality. Always treat all women like they have different needs and wishes. If you want to show off your intelligence, take time to learn some facts about your sweetheart’s country of origin. Have a look at the map and familiarise yourself with the most important events that changed the history of her country. Being able to speak some Ukrainian can be beneficial as well. She will be impressed that you’re making an effort to get to know her better. Moreover, a little extra knowledge has never hurt anybody. 3. Be Respectful – All the Time A real man will never enjoy making fun of someone’s culture or traditions. Even though some Ukrainian singles may even agree with you or find your jokes amusing, they might not be so happy about hearing critique about their beloved country from a foreigner. Show respect all the time and refrain from saying anything about sensitive matters, at least not until you are sure that she won’t take offence. Even then, be very careful with how you bring up this topic. The last thing you want to do is make your partner feel like her country is not good enough for you or your nationality is somehow superior to hers.
I take lots of classes... No really, I mean lots of classes. At least once a month I take a cardmaking class at my LSS (local stamping store). This month, in addition to my usual class, I signed up to take one to make a reusable Advent calendar. Advent calendars are something my mom gets for me every year as far back as I can remember. There is something so fun about opening up the little door each day to see a picture, read a verse or get some candy. The calendar I made today is of the candy variety (although I could add some random verses when I set it up for us this year). I have always wanted an Advent calendar that is more permanent than the flimsy card stock ones that are sold in stores. So, it was a real treat to get to make one for my little family. This is the first year our instructor Jenn, aka Creative Chick, has brought her yearly Advent calendar class to my LSS. How she made it is really cool. The base is a metal bulletin board and each day is a little metal tin that is decorated and then stuck on the board with magnets. Here is a close up so you can see what I mean. Isn't it sooooo neat! I'm so excited that I just kind of wanted to put it up now instead of waiting until Dec. 1. Now all I have to do is figure exactly what kind of candy and cat treat I am putting in each one!
The Festival of Shatmoy (March 22-26) is almost upon us! If you haven't already made plans, why not join the Shatner Butt Girls in San Francisco? As you can see, the captain has approved the guest list! We'll post details as we work them out but as of now, there will be a party on Saturday night, March 27. Join us for Shatner film/TV rarities, items from our collection of unusual Shatbilia, a podcast that you can be part of, a phone-in session for those who can't make it to the party, at least one Shatmoy carol, and CAKE! RSVP via email at email@example.com or visit the Event page on Facebook. Be there! That's an order. It won't be the same without you!
These Photos of Beyoncé and Jay Z on Their 8th Wedding Anniversary Will Melt Your Heart In the never-before-seen snaps, Beyoncé — then not pregnant with twins — sips on white wine with the rapper atop of a cliff overlooking the famous landscape. The parents are also seen taking a helicopter ride through the canyons. However, daughter Blue Ivy seems to the star of the slideshow. Hamming it up for the camera, she shows off her sassy side in a straw hat and funky “XO” sunglasses. (Get it? Like the Beyoncé song!) In another photo, the soon-to-be mom-of-three also shows off a golden ring with the words “Happy 8th Anniversary” inscribed on the inner band. This year, Bey celebrated her marriage milestone by posting a video montage made up of family moments on her Instagram. Set to her new song, “Die with You,” the clip featured sweets scenes such the husband-and-wife duo walking down the aisle together, the birth of their first child, and Blue kissing Beyoncé’s growing baby bump.
NEVER TRUST A SKINNY CUPCAKE BAKER Book 1 of the Death by Cupcake series GENRE: Cozy mystery A cozy mystery with a heap of laughs, a generous portion of romance, and just a smidgen of suspense. Callie’s life is rather awesome. She owns a successful bakery and teaches German literature at the local university. There’s just one tiny problem. She has no self-confidence when it comes to her body. And then there’s the little matter of her being accused of murdering her pole dancing instructor. There’s no way Callie’s going to risk losing her teaching position and thus she embarks, with her best baker bud Anna, on a journey to discover the real killer. Between stripper auditions and a detective who insists Callie is the woman of his dreams, it’s a roller coaster adventure. Cupcakes not included. I set my menu down. “You’ve never had sushi? Why’d you bring us here then?” He shakes his head. “When are you going to get it into your head that I’d do anything for you?” “The Tokyo earthquake of 1923 brought sushi into restaurants. Before that, sushi was just a street food, but the quake destroyed much of the city and that caused real estate prices to drop so that sushi chefs could afford real restaurants.” I clamp my hand over my mouth when I realize that I am once again spouting weird trivia because Ben’s words unnerve me. Ben grins and shakes his head. Then, he surprises the daylights out of me by leaning over and giving me a hard kiss. “You are the sexiest nerd on the entire planet.” He picks up his menu again as if he didn’t just rock my world. “So, what should I order?” I let his ‘sexiest nerd’ comment drop because there is no appropriate response to crazy. “Is there anything you don’t like?” He shakes his head. “Afraid of raw food?” Another shake. “Okay, let’s order a platter with a mixture of everything.” He sets his menu down and nods. “Sounds good. Do you think it will fill me up?” “Well…” I scratch my head and look at Ben’s massive shape. “Maybe we should order some tempura.” The words are barely out of my mouth before I’m taking them back again. “No wait, that’s a bad idea. I shouldn’t be eating that.” “Why not? Are you allergic?” “No, not allergic. Tempura is fried. I should stay away from anything fried.” I fidget in my seat, uncomfortable with my confession. “Why?” He looks genuinely confused. I roll my eyes at him. “Because I can’t afford to gain any weight. It’s bad enough I run a bakery.” Ben captures my hands with one of his enormous hands and grabs my chin with the other one. “I said no more putting yourself down.” I start to protest, but he pinches my chin to quiet me. “You’re gorgeous. I love your curves. You look like a woman should. Man, you’re so sexy, it was all I could do to not drag you into your apartment and have my way with you when I arrived and saw you in that sexy as all get out dress.” Finally, he’s quiet and I think I can get a word in edgewise. Ben’s not that easily deterred, however. He leans forward and stops any response I would have made with his lips. He nibbles on my bottom lip like I’m some kind of delicacy. When he thinks he’s made his point, he leans back and releases my chin although my hands are still encased in one of his over-sized mitts. I hear a sigh behind me and look over to see Mikki. “Oh man, that was hot. Do not let him go, Professor Muller.” She flips open her order pad. “Now, what do you want to eat?” I grew up reading everything I could get my hands on from my mom’s Harlequin romances to Nancy Drew to Little Women. When I wasn’t flipping pages in a library book, I was penning horrendous poems, writing songs no one should ever sing, or drafting stories which have thankfully been destroyed. College and a stint in the U.S. Army came along, robbing me of free time to write and read, although I did manage every once in a while to sneak a book into my rucksack between rolled up socks, MRIs, t-shirts, and cold weather gear. A few years into my legal career, I was exhausted, fed up, and just plain done. I quit my job and sat down to write a manuscript, which I promptly hid in the attic after returning to the law. Another job change, this time from lawyer to B&B owner, and I was again fed up and ready to scream I quit, which is incredibly difficult when you own the business. Thus, I shut the B&B during the week and in the off-season and started writing. Several books later I find myself in Istanbul writing full-time.
EasyTerra Car Rental Melbourne is an independent car rental comparison site. Our system compares prices from well-known car rental companies so as a customer you can always reserve your rental car through us at a competitive rate. Average rating: 7.6 of 10 Number of customer reviews: 1 Ron KrancherHertz Melbourne Airport “"We booked a car for Australia through their clear and well organized website. The car was ready at Melbourne Airport according to the agreed (and competitively priced) price. It was an excellent 4WD that had very little mileage and we enjoyed it thoroughly. EasyTerra found us an excellent deal. Greetings, Ron and Hitty Krancher"” Simon NanEuropcar Melbourne Airport “Nice people and cars” “As said before, nice people and car.” Location information for Melbourne Melbourne is the capital of the Australian state Victoria. It is a very attractive city: spaciously designed, mostly low buildings (except the central business district), large parks and lakes. The houses the world's second largest botanical gardens, after Kew Gardens in London. In the city centre there are modern skyscrapers, but there is also a part of 19th century Melbourne. Melbourne claims to be the cultural capital of Australia, although the people of Sydney disagree. There is an enormous rivalry between the inhabitants of these two cities (which is why the country's capital - Canberra - is located in between). The city has 3.7 million inhabitants. Like many cities in Australia, most of them are of British or Irish descent, but there are also large groups of immigrants from every corner of the world. Australians have a reputation as sports lovers, and that applies especially to the people of Melbourne. It was in this city that Australian Rules Football was born (a kind of rugby, but with different rules), and the city houses an array of sports facilities. The city is located in the south-east of Australia, some 800 kilometres to the south-west of Sydney. Its origin is on the river Yarra, which flows into Port Phillip Bay. Melbourne is the most southerly city in the world with a population of over a million.. Melbourne is an important commercial and industrial centre. About a third of the large multinational Australian companies have there head offices in this city (including telecom giant Telstra, mining company BHP Billiton and the National Australian Bank). The largest trade union also has its headquarters in Melbourne. The city has a large seaport (Western Port Bay) with related industries, like shipbuilding and oil refineries. Also, cars (Toyota and Ford) and electronic equipment are manufactured there. The city is also a leading centre of education. The University of Melbourne is considered the best of Australia, and attracts many foreign students. Monash University also belongs to the Top 8 of Australia's universities. There are two airports near Melbourne. The most important one is Melbourne Airport in Tullamarine, 22 kilometres to the north-west of the city. The airport provides both domestic and international connections. There is a shuttle bus (Skybus) between the airport and Southern Cross bus station to the west of the city centre. Avalon Airport only processes domestic flights, especially by budget airline JetStar (Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide, Darwin and Perth). The airport is located 55 kilometres to the south-west of the city. There is a shuttle connection to Melbourne. Melbourne has a good and extensive public transport network, consisting of trams, buses and trains. Trams are found primarily in and around the centre, trains service the suburbs, and where there are no trams or trains, buses take over. You can buy one ticket for all these forms of public transport (the so-called 'Metcard'). The city is divided into zones: the centre is Zone 1, the ring around the centre Zone 2, and the suburbs Zone 3. You can buy a ticket with a certain duration (2 hours), a day ticket or a week ticket. There are two free services: the City Circle Tram brings you to the main attractions in the centre, the Mebourne City Tourist Shuttle is a bus line that also goes to attractions further away. From the combined bus and train terminal Southern Cross, many destinations inside and outside the state of Victoria can be reached. Keep in mind that the travel times to, for instance, Sydney or Adelaide are considerable. Melbourne has a night ferry to the island of Tasmania (10 hours). Traffic and Parking In Australia, people drive on the left side of the road, which means the steering wheel of your rental car will be on the right. Keep in mind that Australia is a huge country, and that the distance between the various cities are enormous. The fastest way to get to Sydney is via the Hume Highway (about 10 hours). A more beautiful, though longer route is along the coast, the Princess Highway. Although Adelaide is closer, it is still at least a seven hours' drive. Melbourne has an excellent and logical street pattern, but it is a very expanded city. So buy a city map to orientate, the people of Melbourne themselves often use the excellent 'Greater Melbourne' map by Melway. In addition, Melbourne has the so-called 'hook turn': on streets with trams you can only turn right by moving to the left-most lane ("Right Turn From Left Only"). This way, the tram in the middle of the street is not blocked. The city has many car parks, which means that it is not hard to find a space. There are 140 parking areas and car parks, with a total of 70,000 spaces. According to the city council, you are never more than 200 metres away from the nearest parking facility. Parking in the street is usually only allowed for a limited time (indicated on the parking meter). In streets with the so-called 'Clearway' sign, parking is not allowed between 7.30 am and 6.30 pm. Near the Melbourne Museum, the Melbourne Park and the Telstra Dome there are P+R areas. The city attracts many backpackers, so a large number of accommodations cater to this group, but Melbourne has a good supply in all categories. In light of the economic importance of the city, there are many business hotels in the Central Business District. We recommend booking your hotel room in advance. Especially around the Grand Slam tournament (January) and the Melbourne Grand Prix (early March), virtually all hotels are fully booked. For more information about Melbourne, we recommend Google, and the following sources: If you are looking for a rental car in Australia, but in a city other than Melbourne, please click through to the Car rental Australia page, where you can choose in which city in Australia you want to rent a car.
Real estate investors, especially beginners, often ask, ?How can I find private money for real estate investing?? This article explores the topic, and outlines a simple three-step approach for obtaining private money for real estate investing. Finding private money for real estate investing is more about who you know than what you know. To be successful, leverage your existing relationships, and build new relationships with people who are in a position to help you reach your goals. First, develop a clear, simple, two-to-three page business plan outlining your real estate strategy and tactics, how much profit you think you can make, how much you want to borrow, and how you plan to repay it to those who loan you private money for real estate investing. Second, make a list of who you know and write a personal letter to them. Using your business plan as a guide, explain the type of investing you do, and emphasize that you?re looking for private money for real estate investing. Focus on the benefits for them? explain why they should loan you private money for real estate investing. Make sure you include how their money will be secured by the real estate, and how you plan to repay them. Third, reach out beyond your circle of friends and acquaintances by holding a series of free seminars. This is the single best way to get private money for real estate investing. Don?t let this idea scare you, even if you don?t like the thought of speaking before a group. Once you develop your presentation, you can give it to as many or as few people at a time as you like- even if it?s just one-on-one! There are plenty of tricks and tips available for using seminars to find private money for real estate investing. I?ve written a much more in-depth article on it, and you can find it at Private Money For Real Estate Investing. If you follow these steps, you?ll be far ahead of the other investors in your town! Now, go make more offers! Crush The Biggest Obstacle to Your Success in Real Estate… or Anything Else! Download my FREE report HERE! Tom Dunn is a successful real estate investor and author of the popular DealFiles Real Estate Investor Stories free newsletter. You are welcome to share this report, unedited and in it’s entirety, with anyone you like. You may not remove this text.? 2007 by Tom Dunn. Website: http://www.dealfiles.com e-mail: firstname.lastname@example.org
Earth Science Tutors in Rowland, NC Find Private & Affordable Earth Science Tutoring in the Rowland Area! Sophomore Molecular Biology Major at The University of North Carolina at Pembroke. University of North Carolina at Pembroke/Senior completing Finance and Economics degrees. 3.25 GPA I am Freshmen this is my second semester. I am majoring in Forensic Chemistry with a minor in Statistics. I am in the US Army Reserve. I... University of North Carolina at Pembroke. I am a Freshman Political Science major with a minor in Public Relations. Sophomore Information Technology Major at UNC Pembroke University of North Carolina at Pembroke, Business Marketing and Management,2.2, Junior Junior Education major at the University of North Carolina-Pembroke I attend UNCP, Major in Biology and minor in Psychology as of this year I am a Sophomore. University of North Carolina at Pembroke B.S Middle Grades Education - Science Graduation Date: May 2012 High School Graduate 2010, University of North Carolina at Pembroke Freshman, Majoring in Elementary Education, 4.0 GPA 3rd Year Student at UNC Pembroke Sophomore Psychology Major at UNC Pembroke Junior Elementary Ed Major at UNC-Pembroke Currently a senior majoring in BS chemistry and will graduate this May 2012. With a current gpa of 3.0.
Operations Manager Jeddah - Aug 07,2017 - Saudi Arabia - REF KI OM JED Responsible for all operational aspects of lab / production facility in Jeddah, where activities such as surfacing, hard and mutli-coatings, tinting and edging take place. Relocation (Within KSA and internationally) is available for the right candidate. Saudi citizens are given preference. Arabic and/or French speakers (in addition to English) will be considered for the role - Manufacturing activities. Management of a lab 1,200 L/day, ~40 persons. - Lens, frames, instruments, spares and consumable purchasing. More than USD 8 million of annual lens purchases - Supply Chain and distribution cost - HSE and Human Resources support (on a temporary basis) - Ensure compliance with import/export regulations - Ensure proper administration, installation and operations of IT systems - Managing the lab on a daily basis to reach target in terms of Quality/Cost/Service - Initiate continuous improvement to reach performance targets - Replenishment planning of all lenses and consumables. - Inventory management leading to working capital optimization. - Lead planning activities linked with budget, capacity, manpower. - Coordinate implementation of new products in the lab, and manage impact on obsolescence. - Measure and optimize distributions costs. - Lead ad-hoc industrial projects linked with the lab - Development of local teams - Use Lean manufacturing concepts to improve work flows and efficiency - Implement relevant KPI tracking processes to monitor lab performance, enabling - Proactive decision making. - Bachelor degree in a related field is required APPLY Back to Jobs
Mixed Use Apartments and Retail Space in Downtown Indianapolis Coming Soon Monday, April 21, 2014Print this Article | News Articles Flaherty & Collins, one of the Midwest's largest developers of multifamily projects is completing another downtown 325 unit apartment complex with a supermarket and a parking garage. Located one block from the Downtown Canal, the $85 million project has been called a win for the city by Mayor Greg Ballard. The jobsite was once a parking lot north of the OneAmerica Tower. OneAmerica sold the ground to Flaherty & Collins. To make up for the hundreds of parking spots OneAmerica will lose to the project, the city will build the insurer a 930-space parking garage paid with $11 million in property tax money from Downtown's tax increment financing district. The apartments will be decidedly upscale, with monthly rents ranging from $1,075 for studios to $2,200 for two-bedroom units. Amenities will include a heated saltwater pool, fitness center and three courtyards. The perforated panels on the parking garage were curved on site. The alternating pattern of four shades of blue were chosen to create a wave appearance. Supporting the panels is a subframing assembly unit. Interior work was also performed inside the ground level Marsh Supermarket. An aluminum composite metal panel was fabricated into signage in the deli department. The exterior walls of the apartment units incorporated profile metal wall panels into the design.
Fellow LawnSite fellers, I was with my father this morning and we were talking about my venture into the green industry. I started talking about how I am going to bill my clients. I think the best way to bill my clients would be to send them an invoice either monthly or bi-weekly. My father on the other hand told me that point of sale would be the best way. My father is an excellent business man. I respect him greatly. I just can't wrap my mind around how just getting money after I'm done mowing will work. I mean there is so many variables such as; client not being there, me being in a rush, weather, and many other scenarios. I need an organized system that will work well, but cater to my valued clients. I will not be legit this year either being that I will only be 17 come mowing season. So that will come into play also. As soon as my signature becomes credible as an adult I will have all licenses etc. Thank you all!
‘Time to bring us into the nation’ through constitutional recognition Source: News Corp Australia - By: Noel Pearson - From: The Australian - Date: 13 September 2014 HAD Galarrwuy Yunupingu and his dilak elders been present at the creation of the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901, there might have been a scene like this: I wait for the new prime minister … An event is taking place at Yirrkala and I have called the leaders of the 13 clans together. No children or young people will participate, only leaders, men and women who have proved themselves: dilak. By my side are Djinyini Gondarra and the leaders of the Elcho clans, Richard Ganduwuy and Dunga Dunga Gondarra, Butharripi Gurruwiwi. Wilson Gan-ambarr, Gali Gurruwiwi, Gekurr Guyula and Timmy Burrawanga are there. Laklak and Dhuwarrwarr Marika are there, too, along with the great old man from Gan Gan, Garrawan Gumana. My cousin Banambi Wunungmurra brings the prime minister down to us. We have a petition for him. Learning of the cataclysmic history experienced by Aboriginal tribes in the coastal south and east of the country and the inexorable expansion into the west and the north in the first 110 years of European colonisation, and fearing the time when the Yolngu of Arnhem Land would face the same devastation, Yunupingu might have presented Edmund Barton — along with Samuel Griffith and the other founding fathers of the new nation — with a petition, as he did Kevin Rudd in 2008: We, the united clans of East Arnhem land, through our most senior dilak, do humbly petition you, the … Prime Minister of Australia, in your capacity as the first amongst equals in the Australian Parliament, and as the chief adviser to Her Majesty … to secure within the Australian Constitution the recognition and protection of our full and complete right to: • Our property, being the lands and waters of East Arnhem Land; • Economic independence, through the proper use of the riches of our land and waters in all their abundance and wealth; • Control of our lives and responsibility for our children’s future. EVERY nation is a unique creation. All democracies are not the same. Every society that has ever created a constitution has had to deal with a unique history and circumstances. There is no template democracy. There’s no template nation. In 1901, when the Australian nation was created, it reflected the ideas and biases of the time. One bias had as its cornerstone the exclusion of the native peoples of this country. It took a long 66 years before that exclusion from citizenship was remedied in 1967. Back when the referendum was crafted and overwhelmingly endorsed by the Australian people — 90 per cent of the country voted in favour of it — there was not one indigenous lawyer in the country, let alone an indigenous constitutional lawyer involved in the drafting of the amendment. Now, leading indigenous legal intellectuals such as Megan Davis are driving these developments. Even the greatest democracies are a search for a better unity. National democracy is not just a lapidary achievement. No nation has created the perfect unity. Facing racial conflict, President Barack Obama invoked the idea that the US is on a journey to a “more perfect union”. Ours is a journey to perfect our commonwealth and the unity it is intended to represent. During my involvement on the Expert Panel on Constitutional Recognition of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples, set up by Julia Gillard, I became convinced that the basis of our inclusion in Australian citizenship in 1967 was fatefully wrong. We were included as citizens of our own country on the basis of race, and that too reflected the bias of the time. In the decades leading up to the 1950s and 60s, and for a long time after, it was commonplace to talk about people of different races. So it is understandable that in 1967 the basis of our citizenship was determined in section 51 (xxvi) — the race clause. In retrospect, I saw — largely through the arguments of my colleagues on the panel — that our inclusion in the citizenship of the country on the basis of our alleged race was a momentous misstep. It was wrong, in fact. Today we understand that there are no races. And as long as human societies have assumed and perpetuated the idea that there are distinct races across the world, much misery has resulted. Today we understand there are no distinctions to be made among peoples on the basis of race. We are a human race. While we do not share a uniform culture, language, religion and ethnicity, we do share one characteristic: we are members of a single race. As long as we have a Constitution that characterises Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples on the basis of race, it will have deleterious implications for their citizenship. It must be removed. With the knowledge of hindsight, we must perfect the basis of our inclusion in the nation. I believe the psychological and practical implications of these reforms will be profound. This is not just a matter of symbolism. I think this will be a matter of psychology. The day we come to regard ourselves as people with a distinct heritage, with distinct cultures and languages, but not of a distinct race will be a day of psychological liberation. And it will also be liberating for those in the wider community who treat us as members of a distinct race, with all of the freight that accompanies this. I believe constitutional reforms that remove the concept of race will have concrete, practical implications for indigenous wellbeing across this country. We have made many gains since 1967, but we have been significantly hobbled as well. And the chief thing that has hobbled us is the concept of race. This does not mean that when we get rid of race in our thinking, racism will not exist. There will still be discrimination. But such discrimination is based on an illegitimate idea: that people are different according to some racial criterion. So there will be need for protection against the illegitimate concept through the Racial Discrimination Act 1975. I see no contradiction in banishing notions of race from our Constitution while at the same time ensuring protection of peoples against the illegitimate use of this distinction. ON July 15 this year I had the honour of joining Rupert Murdoch and Tony Abbott in Sydney at the 50th anniversary of the founding of The Australian . In my remarks I said that: When the history of indigenous reform is written, the place of The Australian under the editorship of Chris Mitchell will be plain … Mitchell opened the pages of The Australian to all shades of debate and indigenous leaders and commentators: no other mainstream platform comes close. Like the paper’s founder, the paper’s editor these past 12 years seems impelled by an unremitting sense of native duty to the nation by taking his indigenous brethren with utmost seriousness. Rosemary Neill’s courageous coverage of tragic violence against Aboriginal women. Tony Koch’s pursuit of Mulrunji’s death at the Palm Island watch-house. Paul Toohey’s searing stories of the petrol-sniffing Hades in the centre. These all echo the proprietor’s campaign in The Advertiser in the Max Stuart case in 1959 abolishing the death penalty. The Australian treated these subjects not because it believed the country’s indigenous peoples innocent or guilty, right or wrong, noble or ignoble — but because the paper believed in our humanity, and that we and our affairs should not be left on the woodheap of the democracy. No paper welcomed indigenous writers and political leaders more than this one. The late Charlie Perkins, Marcia Langton, Galarrwuy Yunupingu, Patrick Dodson, Lowitja O’Donoghue, Warren Mundine and more have been regular protagonists in the national conversation in the national paper. For those like me whose reform policies have been steadfastly supported by the paper’s editorials, we have not been spared contrary views and criticism in news reporting and commentary. The dialectic of the national conversation plays out in the pages of The Australian. This was a privilege for me: to witness Murdoch, one of those rare Australians whom the thoughtful senator from Queensland Brett Mason — in a forthcoming book on such figures — correctly identifies as having in some way changed the world, pause to reflect on a 50-year milestone on his journey. I think that not to marvel at Murdoch’s colossal media exploits and take some borrowed pride from the fact that, like Don Bradman in cricket or Howard Florey in medical science, he is Australian is as absurd as denying the global impact of Robert Hughes on art or Germaine Greer on feminism. There may or may not be some validity in the suggestion that the levelling instinct of Australians is a salient contribution of indigenous peoples to the national character, but at the heart of that instinct lies a cringe that makes us a smaller nation, with a smaller sense of our own possibilities, when we don’t recognise it as a double-edged sword. I suspect our aggressive egalitarianism is the engine that drives individuals to take on the forces of the establishment — witness the “Dirty Digger” taking over the London Sun — but it can also see the rest frantically determined to chop down the very outliers who have challenged and beaten the powers-that-be. This is our psychological, rather than cultural, cringe. One side of our egalitarianism challenges the status quo and the other preserves it through levelling. It was for me a signal event. I tell this story to give a context to my final remarks to that audience, in which I set out how constitutional recognition of indigenous Australians would allow the nation to reveal our true nature and the great hidden architecture of our commonwealth: Our nation is in three parts. There is our ancient heritage, written in the continent and the original culture painted on its land and seascapes. There is its British inheritance, the structures of government and society transported from the United Kingdom fixing its foundations in the ancient soil. There is its multicultural achievement: a triumph of immigration that brought together the gifts of peoples and cultures from all over the globe — forming one indissoluble commonwealth. We stand on the cusp of bringing these three parts of our national story together — our ancient heritage, our British inheritance and our multicultural triumph — with constitutional recognition of indigenous Australians. This reconciliation will make a more complete commonwealth. The colonial history that I have revisited in my Quarterly Essay, A Rightful Place is the reason why the relationship between our indigenous heritage and the country’s British heritage has eluded us. As troubled as this history is, and as troubling as it will be for the foreseeable future, these two things are the heritage of Australia. There is no denying it. It is the reality and it is the truth, no matter how much white Australians might want to ignore it or black Australians might want to reject it. Whatever the mutual denial of the past, the future must be one of mutual recognition. THERE are two reasons Australian conservatives should support constitutional recognition of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. First, conservatism sees intrinsic value in tradition and inheritance — like our British heritage, indigenous tradition and inheritance is important and should be recognised and maintained. Second, conservatives value national unity. They disavow separatism, collectivism and division among citizens, preferring instead individualism bound by a common sense of national unity and patriotism. That is why they should support the removal of references to “race” that serve to divide citizens. In trying to understand conservative objections to the expert panel’s proposals, it is important to understand the Australian mix of liberalism and conservatism, and the influence of constitutional conservatism — the influential group of Australian constitutional experts whom Greg Craven dubbed the “con-cons”. This group, convening as the Samuel Griffith Society, values liberalism and democracy. They insist on parliamentary sovereignty and are ready to accuse judges of usurping parliamentary democracy. They value the Australian Constitution as inherited wisdom. It is because, as Waleed Aly observed in Quarterly Essay 37, “tradition has its own force and wisdom” that the conservative disposition prefers organic evolution to revolution in society. Conservatives approach constitutional reform with extreme caution. According to Aly, conservatism is “resistant to ideological zeal”: it “eschews utopian designs and adopts far more modest and pragmatic approaches to policy”. This explains conservative resistance to including principles such as “equality” or “non-discrimination” in the Constitution. While valuing free and equal participation in a liberal democracy, conservative pragmatists do not think such ideals can be protected simply by writing them into the Constitution. Such alterations risk giving the judiciary too much power. In their strong aversion to activist judges, constitutional conservatives tend to forget the history that has driven this conversation about constitutional recognition. Conservatives are concerned with limiting judicial activism, and therefore do not want symbolic words or sweeping “rights” clauses in the Constitution. Indigenous advocates need to take these views on board. But what conservatives in turn need to understand, in an effort to find consensus, is that for indigenous people the movement for constitutional recognition has always been about achieving constitutional protection and recognition of indigenous rights and interests within Australia. It is about reconciling the fact that there were peoples here before the British arrived, and making provision for those peoples and their interests to be recognised within the nation. Symbolism and poetry is only one part of it. Substantive change in the national approach to indigenous affairs is the other. Conservatives need to understand our position, too. Our people lived through the discrimination of the past. We have a legitimate anxiety that the past not be repeated, and that measures be put in place to ensure thingsare done in a better way. If conservatives assert that a racial non-discrimination clause is not the answer, then what is a better solution? In a recent paper, The Australian Declaration of Recognition, Julian Leeser and Damien Freeman assert that the Constitution is a rule book, a practical charter of government that sets out power relationships, such as between the commonwealth and the states. It is not a vehicle for aspirations and symbolism: these can be articulated in a declaration, not in the constitution proper. But if the Constitution is a practical rule book governing national power relationships, then we should also accept that there is one very important national power relationship that it clearly does not address. Arguably, therefore, the rule book should be amended to make provision for indigenous people to be heard in indigenous affairs. After all, if unelected judges should not decide what is in the interests of indigenous people, then who should decide? Indigenous people comprise only 3 per cent of the population and hardly get a fair say in parliament, even on matters directly concerning them. Parliaments have never been good at listening to indigenous people. This is why the discrimination of the past has occurred. This is the elephant and the mouse problem that has characterised indigenous affairs. We can find a way of ensuring that indigenous people get a fair say in laws and policies made about uswithout compromising the supremacy of parliament. Perhaps we could consider creating a mechanism to ensure that indigenous people can take more responsibility for our own lives within the democratic institutions already established, and without handing power to judges. As mentioned, conservatives should agree with the removal of racial discrimination from the Constitution. They believe in national unity and dislike internal divisions, separatism and collectivism. They must now also turn their minds to how the Constitution might be altered so that the discrimination of the past cannot happen again. We don’t want separatism: we want inclusion on a fair basis. We want to be inside the decision-making tent. We want our voices to be heard in political decisions made about us. A mechanism like this — guaranteeing the indigenous voice in indigenous affairs — could be a more democratic solution to the racial discrimination problem. Constitutional recognition could therefore include removal of the race clauses and the insertion of a replacement power to enable the commonwealth parliament to pass necessary laws with respect to indigenous peoples, and incorporation of a requirement that indigenous peoples get a fair say in laws and policies made about us. A new body could be established to effect this purpose, and to ensure that indigenous peoples have a voice in their own affairs. This is an edited extract of Quarterly Essay 55, A Rightful Place: Race, Recognition and a More Complete Commonwealth by Noel Pearson, available nationally on Monday.
Our pets are like kids to us. We raise them, train them, take care of them, love them, talk to them. I treat them as though they were my kids. As of right now we have 4 pets. 2 dogs: 3 year old Chiweenie Tinkerbell and 3 month old Chihuahua Roxy. 2 cats: Indoor kitty Daisy and outdoor kitty Wickett. We just love our animals. However, animals do weird things. For one, my Chiweenie Tinkerbell is completely housebroken; that is if it isn't raining. If it is raining when we let her out to potty she will hide on the porch or deck until we let her in. Then she will wait until we aren't paying attention and sneak off to our laundry room and do her business on the floor. It infuriates me to no end. I understand not wanting to go out in the rain but come on.....you're a dog :) Now since Tinkerbell is 3 years old and I have raised her and know this about her, I make sure to put puppy pads in my laundry room floor for her when it is raining so there isn't any nasty on the floor. I guess all is well with that but I still get annoyed with her sometimes. My kids can definitely say the dog at their homework. As you can see, there is currently paper all over my living room floor. Luckily, this paper is a graded report so there will be no doing over. This sweet little face is the culprit of the chewed school work. Our new little Chihuahua Roxy. She is so rotten. I just don't know how her little body holds her big ole personality. She chases and wrestles the cats. She loves to sneak attack Tinkerbell and our big outdoor cat Wickett (he comes in to eat because if I feed him outside about 10 neighborhood strays come to eat his food and cat fights ensue). She likes to growl and bark. Her personality is way too big for her little tiny body. Roxy has also been testing my patience. She was puppy pad trained by the person we got her from. However, she she will just squat anywhere. Then when we pick her up to put her on the puppy pad she does the pitiful little cower move and then hides and finishes her business. Some days I feel I am constantly on my hands and knees cleaning up little tinkle puddles out of the carpet ( I want hardwood floors lol) She is getting better though. I have puppy pads over her 3 favorite (yes 3!! ugh) areas in the living room and since she refuses the crate at night I have 2 puppy pads in my bedroom where she sleeps. She has hit them more than she has missed them the past few days so I hope to get her to where she will be "going" outside soon. Beyond all of the frustrations of raising pets, there are so many joys to them too. My puppies have been my constant companions while I have been sick these past two days. Here you can see Roxy enjoying my heated blanket with me. And can you see that lump she is looking toward? (it is kind of hard to tell with the brown blanket) That lump is Tinkerbell, on my lap UNDER the blanket. It is really cool knowing my puppies whom I love so much enjoy a nice heated blanket as much as I do. Picture(s) of the day. I have several pictures to share with you all as my picture of the day. Each one of these pieces of art were drawn by my oldest daughter. She is only 12 years old. She has been drawing since she could pick up a pencil. Characters from the Alice in Wonderland with Johnny Depp Portrait of her boyfriend John. An eye and a hand.
Visit Us On Facebook Sign up for Our E-Newsletter! In The Zone Events and Sports Management presents the I Tri'd Kids Triathlon on Sunday, August 27 @ 7:30 AM. This event is for kids 5 to 15 years old and will take place at Pompano Beach Aquatics Center in Pompano Beach, Florida. The Pompano Piranhas present the POWER Ocean Swim on Saturday, September 2 @ 8:00 AM. This event will take place next to the Pompano Pier on Pompano Beach, Florida. The Palm Beach Zoo presents the Save the Jaguar 5K on Saturday, September 2, 2017 @ 7:30 A.M. This event will take place at the Palm Beach Zoo in West Palm Beach, Florida. Designed by MK Tech Group.
Lot 272 Endeavour Drive, Cooloola Cove, Queensland 4580 - Land Size: 2,010 m2 GREAT HOUSE BLOCKGreat level 2010 sqm block at great price. Also selling adjoining lots - all up 8040sqm. Cooloola Cove, Tin Can Bay and surrounds: Tin Can Bay & Cooloola Cove are considered a fishing and boating paradise located on the Cooloola Coast just off the southern tip of World Heritage listed Fraser Island. The warm, shallow waters provide safe beaches for families and calm waters for recreational boating and fishing. This is one of the few places in Australia where wild dolphins can be hand fed in their natural environment. This area is mostly flat and caters for walking/running/cycling enthusiasts with numerous concrete pathways for safety. This beautiful place to live offers excellent facilities including two lawn bowls venues, an eighteen hole golf course at the Country Club, a swimming pool, a superb marina and two public boat ramps. The services available in this area and its surrounds include Doctor, Chemist, Ambulance, School, Library, IGA, Woolworths just to name a few. Come and see why this area is so popular. You'll be so impressed with all that Cooloola Cove & Tin Can Bay has to offer that you may never want to leave. - Land Size: 2010 m2 (approx) Land Links / Tools This listing last updated: 28th Jul 2015
It's no secret that Los Pedran Jalop is not a massive Porsche obsessive. Most of his favorite sons of Ferdinand are racing vehicles, with only the 550 Coupe and 928 to really stoke his passions. But there's something about the new GT3 RS. It's the most immediately soulful road car Porsche has produced since the 928 left the line. A different beast to be sure, but an assured loin-stirrer it is, even to oddball dorks who've always loved 914s and think 912s are rad. It is an undeniable car, and we constantly castigate people who buy mere GT3s for not going full-awesome and waiting for the RS. We do not say this lightly, but the new GT3 RS is simply one of the coolest cars Porsche has ever built. And at a time when German cars are getting consistently more complex, to their own detriment, the latest Rennsport 911 has arrived to restore the mantle of merely essential awesome. As Ferry himself said, "This is why functional designs are so beautiful; so calming." We'd add that they look fabulous in wild-ass-yet-somehow-understated color schemes too. And with that, we hand things over to Mr. Needell to simply race the coked-up snail along Castle Coombe's asphalt straight razor. And Now A Word From Bruce's Patron, Ferry [Internal]
BITS & BITES 5 Peanut Butter Smoothies You Have to Try August 30, 2016 They’re refreshing. They're tasy. And to top it off, they’re made with peanut butter, too. When smoothies and peanut butter come together, you know your day just got better. Whether you’re looking to shake up breakfast or are in need of new snack ideas for the kids, these peanut butter smoothie recipes each offer something different. Give them a try! Everything you love about your favorite sandwich is re-created in this delightful smoothie recipe. Frozen strawberries and a touch of honey bring the sweet, while Jif™ Peanut Powder blended with banana and milk bring the peanut buttery taste. Grab a straw and sip away! Peanut Banana Smoothie This is the perfect smoothie recipe for busy mornings when you need to get out the door quickly. Our Peanut Banana Smoothie requires only three ingredients and a couple of ice cubes. You’re going to love how easy it is to make! Peanut Berry Blast Smoothie Want to treat yourself to a cool and creamy snack? Then this peanut butter smoothie recipe is for you. Made with vanilla ice cream and creamy Jif® Peanut Butter, you really can’t go wrong. Plus, you’ll taste a blast of berry deliciousness with the addition of Smucker’s® Seedless Red Raspberry Jam with frozen mixed berries, too. 5-Ingredient Tropical Smoothie Escape to the islands with this tropical-inspired smoothie made with Jif Peanut Powder. With the addition of pineapple, banana, orange juice, and coconut, you’ll feel like you’re on a vacation with every sip. Berry Breakfast Smoothie Don’t let the blue color fool you. This smoothie actually contains peanut butter flavor, too. Made with fresh blueberries or raspberries, granola, honey, and Jif Peanut Powder, it’s sure to bring a berry good start to your day.
KBzine: the original kitchen and bathroom industry e-news - since 2002 18th August 2017 We strongly recommend viewing KBzine full size in your web browser. Click our masthead above to visit our website version. Distinctly Abode: the new Mikro Sink - beautifully simple... Prior to KBB Birmingham, Abode launched a new addition to its stainless steel range of kitchen sinks - the MIKRO. The unparalleled simplicity of the clean lines and patterned drainer of this modern sink creates a unique contemporary design. When complemented with other stainless steel appliances in the kitchen, Mikro is an unobtrusive, yet stylish addition to the overall kitchen aesthetic. Mikro is available in 18/10 stainless steel in 1.0 and 1.5 bowl models, both with drainers, in reversible sink formats with standard basket strainer wastes. All plumbing pipework is included and the sinks are supplied in boxed packaging. The new Mikro has CE approval and comes with the Abode exclusive 10 year guarantee. Helen Clark, Marketing Manager of Abode comments: "Our designers are continuously working on new designs to add to our kitchen sink portfolio. This latest new product Mikro, which is an affordable product range, is particularly suitable for new build or refurbishment projects." 25th April 2014
|For Three Years, Every Bite Organic| The New York Times - 12/1/2008.Fruits, vegetables and animals can be 100 percent organic. What about people? In a fascinating experiment — on himself — Dr. Alan Greene, a pediatrician and author in Danville, Calif., decided to find out. For the last three years, Dr. Greene has eaten nothing but organic foods, whether he’s cooking at home, dining out or snacking on the road.
All you who find funravel tough, should check out my new game Sigma 26. It just needs a working knowledge of the english alphabet and algebra. And it's easier than crossword & sudoku. Before you jump in, don't forget to read up the rules. Funravel is a fun game about unraveling one anagram a day. Basically you shall get one clue. The clue will be an anagram built out of names of 3 personalities or things that have something in common. Unravel the anagram. Decode the three personalities or things. Get the connect. The person who cracks the game first wins the uber infamous Crackpot of the Day title from Lucifer Labs.
Adults only!By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website click here. All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age. 2257 Contact US Home Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 Shenyezg.com
It seems as if you can not have a holiday without traveling and this year was no exception. Tradition dictates that every other year we fly to the east coast to celebrate Christmas with my family. Anyone who has flown recently can relate when I say that the “friendly skies” are definitely a thing of the past! Our flight from Portland to Salt Lake City was delayed by a half hour while the plane was deiced. Since planes do not fly well when their wings are covered with ice and snow, that time was well spent! Upon arriving in Salt Lake City, we discovered that our connecting flight was in another concourse so the cross country hike was on. By the time we arrived at the departure gate, the flight was on final call so we jump aboard just minutes before the door was slammed shut. Once the plane was deiced, we taxied for position in the departure line only to be diverted to a temporary parking area because of a problem with the aircraft's in-flight computer. We sat quietly for forty-five minutes while the pilots and the maintenance guys worked their magic! Since your options are severely limited once the plane is airborne, I am always very thankful when they find and fix mechanical problems before you reach the end of the runway! Upon arrival in Boston, we were greeted at the baggage carousel with the tangle of unclaimed luggage from the prior day’s cancelled flights. Needles to say, I was very surprised and thankful when our bags rounded the corner on the baggage carousel. In fact, it might be the one of the best Christmas gifts a weary traveler can receive!
Riders 37 – Ti-Cats 0 I’m well aware that it’s not morning but given my track record did you really expect a morning post after a Sunday evening game? I sometimes struggle when it’s a Friday evening game. In a league that awards a point for missing a FG and punting too far, the Ti-Cats somehow managed to put up a goose egg on Sunday night. I know lots of people will downplay this pummeling by saying that it was against a weak opponent but so what? That’s what’s supposed to happen when really good teams play bad teams. We are a really good team. Hamilton is a bad team with a bad defense, no run game and missing pretty much anything resembling a top flight receiver. We were supposed to beat them and we did… quite handily… the system works. Before I get to the game… by far the highlight of the game was Andre Proulx. In his finest moment he screwed up the penalty call (mixing up offense and defense), paused to shake his head and collect his thoughts… and then top it off by pointing the wrong way while trying to correct himself. Worth the price of admission right there. Bonus points for calling a benalty on number turty tree (even though the actual penalty was on 24). By now you may be sick of borderline crush on George Cortez but you’ll just have to deal with it. I love him and I love our offense! It is firing on all cylinders. Durant seems so comfortable and in tune with it and it is designed to remorselessly pick on any weakness the opposing team is show us. It was clear that Hamilton was dead set on stuffing Sheets so what do we do? Start heaving it up to Rob Bagg (who is back as an impact player) and Dressler, and keep doing it until the defense backs off enough to let Sheets do his thing. We also made really good use of that McHenry leak out. For once our offense is dictating the play to the defense rather than the other way around. I really noticed this game just how in tune Durant and the receivers are with the timing and execution of this offense. One play in particular I saw Durant throw a short pass to what looked like an empty space only to have Bagg swoop in at the perfect time and make the reception. If they keep playing like this we will be formidable to even the best defense… and as Sunday proved, deadly to the one who are defenses in name only. Of course no talk of the offense would be complete without mentioning the Dan Clark TD. For the record, last Monday I wrote the following in my sentimonies… “At this rate I’m convinced that our Banjo Bowl offense will revolve primarily around Dan Clark somehow. . The only appropriate thing to say in a situation like a Clark TD is what John Madden said in the Replacements “I love to see a fat guy score, Because first you get a fat guy spike, then you get the fat guy dance”. Memo to Clark: if you plan on scoring again, work on the spike and dance. Defensively I think it would have been a slightly different story if Hamilton had had Fantuz in… but not much. Defense came to play. Its hard to imagine them doing much better than they did on Sunday but I’m trying to imagine what would have happened if Harris, Maze and Thomas (i.e. the majority of our starting secondary) had played. Ti-Cats may have found a way to get negative points. When the defense held them without a point with the wind I just knew the Ti-Cats would not be scoring about as much as a math major in college. We brought big time pressure (5 sacks) and limited the big plays. I'm pretty sure we would have help them in check even if we allowed them to field 2 extra offensive players. Another solid effort in all 3 phases in what is becoming a pleasant trend. Not used to being in the position of being the team to beat but I could certainly get used to this… and the way we are playing, likely will. Other random thoughts: - Willy not starting really hurt “I Heart Willy” T-Shirt sales… only ones I sold were to a guy who asked if it also came in pink with glittered print… and I don’t think he even watched football. It did give me a great idea for a new slogan for the shirts “I Heart Willy shirts: Show your pride, Rider or otherwise.” - When was the last time that 130 yard performance by an RB seemed like no big deal? - Not sure if you noticed but when Sanders subbed in for Sheets at the very end of the game, after only 1 play (a first down), Sheets tried to sub himself back in by walking onto the field only to have the coaches quickly direct him back to the sidelines. - I see Geroy Simon has taken over the “Mandatory Standing Ovation No Matter How Insignificant The Play Was” role… should have at least saved the cheers for his second reception that was actually worth cheering. - I really hope McHenry and Fulton are OK after the game. Obviously McHenry was shook up and I noticed near the end of the game Fulton was very, very slowly getting up after plays and clearly in some pain. Both guys are big parts of our O. (Honestly who ever expected that to be written about McHenry?) - I was hoping that one Bartel punt would float backwards through the endzone… I wonder what the rule is on that?
Since the season of pumpkin is upon us I decided to make some yummy, scrumptious pumpkin bread! I love all things pumpkin including, but not limited to, pumpkin bread, pumpkin rolls, pumpkin spice lattes, pumpkin spice cappuccino, pumpkin pie, and pumpkin oatmeal. Yummy!! 1 c sugar ½ c brown sugar ½ c butter or margarine, softened 1 tablespoon vanilla extract 1½ cups all-purpose flour ½ teaspoon baking soda ¼ teaspoon baking powder ¼ teaspoon salt ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg 1½ cup canned pumpkin First you preheat the over to 350 degrees then mix all dry ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Mix butter and sugar together until creamy then add eggs one at a time while still stirring (or crack one and then stir…add the other…stir). After the eggs add the vanilla, then you slowly combine the dry ingredients with the liquid ingredients. Add pumpkin into mixture (the blog says to “by hand, mix in pumpkin”) but I folded it in gently until all combined. Pumpkin batter, ready to bake Pour into a greased, floured pan and bake for 45 minutes, let set in the pan once cooked for 15 minutes then remove and cool on a wire rack. Done and ready to eat! Tips from me: #1: Oven temperatures vary widely so the cooking time may be longer. I checked mine at 45 minutes and it was still really liquidy so I cooked it longer, it took 1 hour and 10 minutes before the knife came out clean. #2: Like I said above the blog stated to “by hand, mix in pumpkin”. But in my experience a batter like this that is sticky and really liquid it is hard to knead by hand. #3: When it says dry ingredients it means the spices too lol! When I first made this (I have made 2 loaves so far) I mixed everything in but the spices since it didn’t occur to me they were dry ingredients! So I added them in at the end but before adding the pumpkin! It tasted every bit as delicious as my second loaf (made properly this time lol!). I found this to be a very easy and simple bread to make! It was very moist, flavor full, and it sliced real easily! It was so good in fact my boyfriend ate half the loaf the next morning for breakfast! Since my mom, as well as I, wanted some I had to bake a second loaf and let him have the remainder of the first one! So be prepared because this pumpkin bread is so good it’ll disappear quickly!
Do have a fetish for witchy women with seventies-style bodies? Unshaven, natural, and curvy without plastic surgery or fake 'n bake tans? Trixie is just your style: is a published author & long-time blogger with 24/7 Spycams! Trixie loves parting her lips and peeing outside. These photos were shot by her girlfriend in the woods near Seattle. She's lived in rural Western Washington her whole life and loves listening to Fleetwood Mac (especially Stevie Nicks singing "Silver Springs"), Cowboy Junkies & Art Bell/Coast-to-Coast AM. HERE to see more TRIXIE! pic & vid archives going back to 2002 | Owned & Operated by access to Trixie's webcams, diary & intimate porn collection-- © 2002-2008 by Trixie - All Rights Reserved
What is a Satellite Church? Woodstock Church // Panama City Beach is a satellite campus of Woodstock First Baptist Church in Woodstock, Georgia. Since 1986, Pastor Johnny Hunt has led our church to touch lives in our community and around the world. You can learn more about our main campus at fbcw.org What to Expect… Since we are a satellite campus of Woodstock First Baptist Church, the teaching time of our worship service is a video feed (projected onto a large screen) of Pastor Johnny Hunt preaching from our main campus in Woodstock. Our music & worship time is live and is led by great musicians here at the PCB campus. Pastor Johnny Hunt is the Senior Pastor of Woodstock First Baptist Church. Pastor Johnny oversees the teaching at all of our church campuses. Rev. Rick Young is the Campus Pastor at PCB. To learn more about Rick & his family, click here Wendy Young is passionate about leading others to worship. A graduate of Liberty University, Wendy has been involved in Music Ministry for over 20 years as a soloist, recording artist, team member, and worship leader. As a Pastor’s wife and mother of 3 teenagers, she believes that worship is a lifestyle that affects every area of her life. Steven was born right here in Florida but grew up in Midland, Texas. He went on to graduate from Baptist Bible College in Springfield, Missouri with a degree in Youth Ministry. After working for two years under Pastor Rick in the Middle School ministry at FBCW, Steven moved to Panama City Beach to help launch the latest Woodstock Church campus. Colby was born in Atlanta Georgia, but was raised right here in PCB. He is currently studying Youth Ministry at the Baptist Collage of Florida. After finishing a year internship at FBPC, Colby came to Woodstock Church // PCB to help Grow and Lead our youth. Do you have a question? Feel free to email Pastor Rick by using the form below…
MD and owner of Waterstone's bookshops Since the chill wind of recession swept through the world of publishing, an increasing number of launch parties that might formerly have been held in swanky, expensive venues have been taking place in rather more modest surroundings – often, in fact, in a branch of Daunt Books. Elegant, old-fashioned and crammed with lovely books and clever booksellers, these are bookshops as old-school book lovers would like to have them. The hope is that their creator, James Daunt, will bring some of their ethos to the fore as he remodels Waterstone's under the eye of Mamut, its billionaire proprietor. He has already taken some fairly radical steps: dropping the chain's long-running three-for-two promotions, calling for an end to the process whereby publishers pay for their prominence on the shop floor and promising the return of flair in bookselling. But if you're thinking that all this heralds a return to the clubbish atmosphere of old-fashioned bookshops, think again: Daunt has also announced that the company is busy developing an e-reader that he hopes will rival Amazon's Kindle. Publishers have been virtually unanimous in their support for Daunt and, given his get-up-and-go, customers won't have to wait too long to give their verdict.
Monday, August 24, 2009 Now that school has started my life is suddenly a million times busier. I'm still working in the reading room, but only 10 hours a week. I'm a Graduate Teaching Assistant (GTA) for an online DE class and I help out a few professors a few times a week. I'm taking two SLIS classes, Public Libraries and History of Libraries, as well as a French class to help me prepare just in case I decide to go after my Ph.D. I'm also auditing a history class just for fun. Wow, I sound busy, don't I? While being this busy is definitely a change, the biggest change is that I've also started an internship. I work 10 hours a week at Rogers Science and Engineering Library. It's mainly a reference internship, but I'm hoping to learn a lot about working in a branch library on a major university campus. At UA, Rogers houses all the science and engineering texts, as well as books on nursing, mathematics, and computer science. Its a good size space and has lots of nifty features. With life changes, come changes to the blog. I've been posting pretty frequently, and I hope to try and blog at least twice a week. However, due to my ridiculous schedule, I might blog less (or I might even blog more! We'll see...). My internship requires me to keep a log of my daily activities at my internship site, so I've decided to do that here. I will have a weekly feature, probably posted on Fridays, about what I've done during the past week. If you would like to only read posts about my internship, click the "internship" tag at the bottom of this post and that will bring up everything I've written about working at Rogers. Other changes...I've noticed that all the good blogs (or at least the blogs I read) have pictures, so I'm thinking of adding pictures (like I did today!) to try and spice things up. Let me know if you like the pictures and/or there is anything you would like to see more/less of. If you've started back to school, I hope things are going well for you. If you're not in school, I hope life is treating you well!
|Pockets:||Handwarmers and 1 chest| |Recommended Use:||Hiking, School, Skiing, Camping, Layering, Daily Use, Snowboarding| |Manufacturer Warranty:||1 Year| The Special Blend Contra Bonded Hooded Jacket is a great jacket to wear on its own as an outer layer, or beneath others layers for extra warmth. The wind resistance of the Special Blend Contra makes it a choice that can't go wrong, and when worn underneath an outer shell, you'll never second-guess yourself when you remove that other layer. The Contra also offers great breathability, to help evaporate perspiration and ensure you stay dry underneath no matter how long you're out having fun. Contra Bonded Hooded 2017 The House. All Rights Reserved Enjoy our secure cart
The lovely Lee Goater sent me this picture of the sign from outside Saltaire Train Station. Donations unbelievably stand at ?2710.10 for Macmillan Cancer Care. Thank you so much for everyone who has donated or spread the word. You are ace. On my marks. I start at 9am. This Christmas Day I will run a half marathon. That’s 13.1 miles. I understand it’s an unusual time to do a half marathon. There isn’t an organised race so I’m going to be doing it on my own. I’ll start at Saltaire Train Station and follow the canal until I hit Leeds centre. That’s 13.1 miles. I am assuming it will be a difficult thing to do. I don’t know, I’ve never run a half marathon before. But I will on Christmas Day I promise. I’ll electronically track it and publish the tracked run on the internet. I’m doing this in the hope that you will sponsor me. I am running for Macmillan Cancer Care. (http://macmillan.org.uk) Earlier this year my friend and the mother of my wife, Megan Hind died. She was an immensely brilliant, courageous, defiant, beautiful woman. She is much missed. And she was much cared for by the Macmillan nurses. As I have been in my time too. In these difficult times it is hard to ask friends to donate to charity. I hope that the combination of the physical challenge being carried out on Christmas Day will demonstrate how determined I am and might just be memorable and interesting enough to justify asking you to dig deep when things are so tight. Those that sponsor me can nominate a song to add to my running playlist. It can be anything you want, just write the song in the comments below, I shall buy it off iTunes or similar and add it to my list. Some of you will find this a fun element to add a supportive song and then again at least 2 of you will list a John Cage track. That’s the game. I promise I will buy all the tracks and shuffle the list. The Macmillans are special people. Please help if you can. I have a Just Giving Page that will handle all the money side: http://www.justgiving.com/Alan-Lane If you can help please do. If you can spread the word with a Retweet or a shout out then that would be fab too. Happy Christmas to you all. Many exciting things are happening at this year’s Christmas Fayre. We’ll be announcing them throughout the week, here is one of the things the lovely RashDash are up to. Other details at www.slunglow.org The RashDash SwapShop Do you own clothes/jewellery/bags/shoes you once loved but no longer wear? Are you in need of a wardrobe revamp? RashDash are hosting a swap shop where you can exchange unwanted items for something new- A dress for a dress, a bag for a necklace, gloves for a scarf. The possibilities are endless… Bring your items to the RashDash stall and choose your exchange. One woman’s Junk is another man’s treasure… Any leftover items will be given to charity. Bonus.
An amazing individual born in the wee evening hours of around 8 o'clock on the glad day of December 27th, 1995. Although not many important events are considered worthy on this day, as it follows the all important Boxing Day, the birth of this child has been considered a monumental occasion, as the start of a successful career of classical music composition, and the player of not only percussion and guitar, but of the tuba, piano, bass, flute, cello, violin, and a recent development; trumpet. She is directly related to General Buford of the Civil War. While it is under much speculation as to the qualification of this individual to continue on in her marching band career (in light of the plethora of injuries, notably the unforgettable tuba to the head concussion), the obvious love of music is president in every waking aspect of her being. Although better time management is definitely needed as she never shows up to Cornerstone or has those kick butt parties anymore. Kaylyn Elizabeth Buford, otherwise known as Bubu, Kaykay, Buford, Idiot, and Kaywyn Awizabet Buuford, is widely known for her support of the glorious Republican Party, the 2nd Amendment, Southpark, and Baking. Her taste in music has been shown to include rap, metal, screamo, hardcore metal, classical, and country. Not in the least a nonsensical list at all. Her bestest and closest friend is the notorious Elora Kuhny, more famously known as Kuhnybear, or Cheeseburger. Her favorite movies include The Lord of the Rings trilogy (as made evident by the naming of her dog Stryder, James Bond, Boondock Saints, Indiana Jones, Braveheart, Gladiator, The Princess Bride, Star Trek, all the Batmans, but the two most notable of all; Danial Alexander Dolphin and Santa Sleigh. The wonderfulness of Miss Buford is obvious to all that have had the privileged of making her acquaintance. If you don't know her, get your butt over to the TJ marching band practice field because that's the only place you're ever going to find her! | This article uses material from the Wikipedia article Kaylyn Buford, that was deleted or is being discussed for deletion, which is released under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
Christmas Shopping? Click here to find out more about our Christmas delivery times, returns, and contact information Royal Classic has become a staple for executives and professionals. The functionality and durability of the cloths make them ideal for everyday formal wear. Traditional English medium weights in typically elegant, understated designs.
Schools & Colleges A-Z Index | Find a Health Care Provider Contact Us | Maps and Parking Dr. Kevin Lillehie has performed the surgery about 1,200 times.CBS Denver >> © The Regents of the University of Colorado, a body corporate. All rights reserved. Accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. All trademarks are registered property of the University. Used by permission only.
Maybe you have seen this little wine-cup looking symbol on your friend’s Facebook page and wondered what it means. It means Christians are being targeted for death in Mosul, Iraq. I am so thankful that someone thought to create symbol sent through Social Media to call attention to the plight of Christians suffering genocide in Iraq. The symbol apparently started circulating in Lebanon and has caught on around the world. The symbol is actually an Arabic „n,” which is what ISIS soldiers in Mosul have used to abbreviate Nazara, a term for Christians in the Middle East. Basically, those whose homes are thus marked are subject to death, unless they (a) convert to Islam or (b) pay an oppressive tax to stay alive (all explained here). Here is how one report details the horror: On Monday, which was normally pay day for municipal workers in Mosul, state workers… Vezi articol original 226 de cuvinte mai mult
As part of our global expansion, Twikit recently set up an office in New York. In November this year, we became proud residents of New Lab, a renovated warehouse in the historic Brooklyn Navy Yard. Our expansion into the U.S. marks a milestone moment in the growth of Twikit, as we introduce our 3D customization solutions to new audiences. This expansion came at just the right time, now Twikit is planning on adding some new features to our offerings (more on that soon!). This move can enable new partnerships with US based production partners, design agencies and leaders in the field of additive technology. Twikit’s U.S. expansion will be led by Yannick Schuermans, a business development professional with international experience in innovation and management consulting. Yannick will manage the NY office, working closely with existing partners and clients as well as pursuing new opportunities in the U.S. market. New Lab is an interdisciplinary space designed to support entrepreneurs working in emerging technologies. Situated in the Brooklyn Navy Yard, an historical site that is now an innovative hub for a variety of companies, Twikit finds itself in the perfect location for our new international adventure. The space was built to provide a supportive environment for entrepreneurs and professionals making advances in robotics, additive manufacturing, artificial intelligence and connected devices. On top of fostering interesting collaborations we strongly believe that New Lab’s community of innovation driven entrepreneurs will inspire us to continue improving and launching new, groundbreaking solutions.
In theory, anyone can download, install, and use WMS client software. Some clients are: Refractions PHP WMS Client, and To make a client work, you would install the software on your computer. Then, you would enter the URL of the WMS service into the client. For example, in ArcGIS (not yet fully working because it doesn't handle time!), use "Arc Catalog : Add Service : Arc Catalog Servers Folder : GIS Servers : Add WMS Server". In ERDDAP, this dataset has its own WMS service, which is located at (Some WMS client programs don't want the ? at the end of that URL.) of datasets available via WMS at this ERDDAP installation. In practice, we haven't found any WMS clients that properly handle dimensions other than longitude and latitude (e.g., time), a feature which is specified by the WMS specification and which is utilized by most datasets in ERDDAP's WMS servers. You may find that using Make A Graph and selecting the .kml file type (an OGC standard) to load images into Google Earth provides a good (non-WMS) map client. of datasets with Make A Graph at this ERDDAP installation. Web page authors can embed a WMS client in a web page. For the map above, ERDDAP is using OpenLayers, which is a very versatile WMS client. OpenLayers doesn't automatically deal with dimensions other than longitude and latitude A person with a browser or a computer program can generate special WMS URLs. For example,
Ed Isaacson of NBA Draft Blog recently spoke with Torrey Craig on finishing his career at USC Upstate and preparing for his first season in professional basketball. Below is an outtake from their discussion along with a link to the full interview... (Torrey) Craig has been an integral part of the Spartans’ program for the past 4 seasons. His freshman season, he finished the year averaging over 14 points, grabbing over 7 rebounds, and 1 steal per game. He showed improvement each year after that, and he finished his career by putting up his best all-around season. Craig finished his senior year with almost 17 points and over 7 rebounds per game, while also adding over 2 assists per game. Against a Tennessee team which went to the Sweet 16, Craig scored 20 points on 7 of 15 shooting, while also grabbing 7 rebounds. In 3 games this season against Mercer, who beat Duke in the NCAA Tournament, Craig averaged over 22 points per game, including 11 of 23 from three-point range. The four seasons at USC-Upstate did a lot to make Craig a better player. “I matured a lot and became more of a team player,” said Craig. “When I first got to college, I wasn’t much of a team player, but learning how to handle adversity forced me to change.” Craig’s game also matured over the four years in college. “My ability to hit the mid-range jumper really came along, and I dramatically improved guarding the ball.” Read the full interview on NBA Draft Blog here Articles and News Stories featuring Our Team.
Determinants of hedging and its effects on investment and debt No abstract is available for this item. If you experience problems downloading a file, check if you have the proper application to view it first. In case of further problems read the IDEAS help page. Note that these files are not on the IDEAS site. Please be patient as the files may be large. As the access to this document is restricted, you may want to look for a different version under "Related research" (further below) or search for a different version of it. Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.: - Stulz, René M., 1984. "Optimal Hedging Policies," Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, Cambridge University Press, vol. 19(02), pages 127-140, June. - Bruce C. Greenwald & Joseph E. Stiglitz, 1993. "Financial Market Imperfections and Business Cycles," The Quarterly Journal of Economics, Oxford University Press, vol. 108(1), pages 77-114. - Bruce C. Greenwald & Joseph E. Stiglitz, 1988. "Financial Market Imperfections and Business Cycles," NBER Working Papers 2494, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. - Bessembinder, Hendrik, 1991. "Forward Contracts and Firm Value: Investment Incentive and Contracting Effects," Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, Cambridge University Press, vol. 26(04), pages 519-532, December. - Bessembinder, H., 1989. "Forward Contracts And Firm Value: Investment Incentive And Contracting Effects," Papers 89-06, Rochester, Business - Managerial Economics Research Center. - Rebello Michael J., 1995. "Adverse Selection Costs and the Firm's Financing and Insurance Decisions," Journal of Financial Intermediation, Elsevier, vol. 4(1), pages 21-47, January. - Whited, Toni M, 1992. " Debt, Liquidity Constraints, and Corporate Investment: Evidence from Panel Data," Journal of Finance, American Finance Association, vol. 47(4), pages 1425-1460, September. - Toni M. Whited, 1990. "Debt, liquidity constraints, and corporate investment: evidence from panel data," Finance and Economics Discussion Series 114, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (U.S.). - Chris Mallin & Kean Ow-Yong & Martin Reynolds, 2001. "Derivatives usage in UK non-financial listed companies," The European Journal of Finance, Taylor & Francis Journals, vol. 7(1), pages 63-91. - DeMarzo, Peter M & Duffie, Darrell, 1995. "Corporate Incentives for Hedging and Hedge Accounting," Review of Financial Studies, Society for Financial Studies, vol. 8(3), pages 743-771. - Hayne E. Leland, 1998. "Agency Costs, Risk Management, and Capital Structure," Journal of Finance, American Finance Association, vol. 53(4), pages 1213-1243, 08. - Hayne E. Leland., 1998. "Agency Costs, Risk Management, and Capital Structure," Research Program in Finance Working Papers RPF-278, University of California at Berkeley. - Froot, Kenneth A & Scharfstein, David S & Stein, Jeremy C, 1993. " Risk Management: Coordinating Corporate Investment and Financing Policies," Journal of Finance, American Finance Association, vol. 48(5), pages 1629-1658, December. - Kenneth A. Froot & David S. Scharfstein & Jeremy C. Stein, 1992. "Risk Management: Coordinating Corporate Investment and Financing Policies," NBER Working Papers 4084, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. - Weiss, Lawrence A., 1990. "Bankruptcy resolution: Direct costs and violation of priority of claims," Journal of Financial Economics, Elsevier, vol. 27(2), pages 285-314, October. - René M. Stulz, 1996. "Rethinking Risk Management," Journal of Applied Corporate Finance, Morgan Stanley, vol. 9(3), pages 8-25. Full references (including those not matched with items on IDEAS)
Advances in Imaging & Electron Physics merges two long-running serials--Advances in Electronics & Electron Physics and Advances in Optical & Electron Microscopy. The series features extended articles on the physics of electron devices (especially semiconductor devices), particle optics at high and low energies, microlithography, image science and digital image processing, electromagnetic wave propagation, electron microscopy, and the computing methods used in all these domains. About the Editor: Peter W. Hawkes, CEMES/Laboratoire d'Optique Electronique du Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Toulouse, France. Impact Factor 2014: 0.338 (Copyright ISI Journal Citation Report) To view individual chapters for Advances in Imaging and Electron Physics, please visit Science Direct. Praise for the Series: "With the accelerating pace of research and development in so many areas of microscopy, keeping abreast of the widespread literature is becoming increasingly time-consuming. The Editors are to be congratulated on bringing together in a convenient and comprehensible form a variety of topics of current interest." - LABORATORY PRACTICE
I need you change few task in Gold Coders script also template . What is Gold Coders Script ? this is cms for investment managing . If you are not family with this type of script and never heard before please visit here and login to admin and member area and review all [url removed, login to view] . If you thinks can develop few things in member area and make nice template for me please do not hesitate Default theme color and style is [url removed, login to view] but this is without any template . Maximum time i need the work be done is 10 days 15 freelanceria on tarjonnut keskimäärin 689 $ tähän työhön Dear Sir Iam interested in this job. Kindly review my ratings and reviews here on the site for more about my work experience. Eagerly awaiting to serve you the best
Free shipping Australia-wide* PERSONALISED GIFTS FOR DAD >> 1 of 3 images Ships from Thornbury, Australia + free AU shipping Size chart can be seen in further images. 94% cotton 6% elastine. Cold wash in machine, do not bleach or dry. Iron with baking paper over image. Printed in Australia. Beautiful had drawn pastel wreath of flowers personalised with your choice of name in the middle. Size chart can be seen in second image. You are viewing a custom made item, design as shown. Please ensure that correct spelling, size and style is selected prior to proceeding. Each garment is hand made and therefore there can be slight variances in size and colour of design due to text differences and individual PC screen colour settings. Whilst image is deemed accurate, it is to be viewed as a guide only. This item is made to order and will be dispatched within 5 business days. Shipping options available at checkout include: Personalised little Adventurer bib Personalised I love my... singlet Personalised dot longlseeve t-shirt in sky b... Personalised tram bib Personalised rainbow gradient boy bib Personalised eau de parfum t-shirt
People can buy flowers online and send to their loved ones far away, living in a different city, state or even country. Flowers are still a favorite choice of many people as they are not only lovely and inexpensive but also the best choice, especially when you are gifting it, someone, you do not know well. Also, flowers can be the perfect gift choice for several occasions such as anniversaries, weddings, etc. If you are wondering which flowers to purchase for a particular event, read on. Red Roses are the first choice when it comes to buying or sending gifts for your loved ones on their anniversary. In addition to Roses, today you can also gift daffodils, lilies, irises and even carnations. We recommend that you avoid choosing yellow colored flowers on this occasion as yellow symbolizes friendship. Some cultures also consider yellow flowers to express disappointment or sympathy. Buy flowers online of your choice only at Indian Bakers and send it your loved ones today. We will deliver the flowers on time and never disappoint you. A wedding unites not only two people but also two families and it is often a big event in a family. From decorations to bride’s jewelry, everything is decided tastefully. So why should gifts be left out? Flowers can bring a smile on your loved one’s face and convey your best wishes. Pale and delicate seasonal flowers would be the best option to gift at weddings. Go through our online flower delivery tab and choose from a variety of flowers meant for weddings. Our hassle free and straightforward booking options make it convenient for you to send flower bouquets anywhere! Go to our website, and you will find the most suitable type of flower bouquet for every occasion. Buying a house means a lot and gifting something special to your loved one on his/her housewarming ceremony is just so thoughtful. Buy flowers online that are fresh and are mildly fragrant that will leave your room smelling good and fresh. Buying flowers online are now very simple and inexpensive too! We are sure it hurts you to see your loved ones in pain. It makes you feel worse when you are away from them. We suggest that you send a beautiful bouquet of flowers with a personalized message to cheer him/her.Flowers will help you express your feelings better. Choose bright or dark red and yellow flowers in innovative vases to improve your loved one. This is one such day that allows the lovers to express their deepest feeling to their beloved.Flowers of different shades such as red, white and yellow make for an excellent choice to gift your beloved. Choose your favorite bouquet from our website and click on our online flower delivery option to help us deliver the bouquet to your beloved. It is that simple!
Kristin Gallegos is a make-up artist and personal friend of mine. Her style has always inspired me. She is one of those people you can't help but love. I had the pleasure of meeting Kristin a few years back. If my memory serves me well, we were at an infamous party held at "Luke and Leroy". Both of us were new to NYC and shared a 11211 zip-code (Williamsburg, BK). Kristin had relocated to NYC from LA, ready to take the city by storm. Kristin truly is one of the hardest working people I have ever met. I'm glad to have had the pleasure of watching Kristin blossom from a some-what shy girl who only wore vintage, into the dynamic fashion power house she is today. Here's a look at what Kristin is working on now & looking forward to in 2010. Photo by: Hanneli Mustaparta WW: How long have you been doing make-up now? KG: 5 & 1/2 years in NYC WW: What agency are you with currently? KG: Bryan Bantry WW: Where did you get your training? KG: A workshop at Studio Makeup Academy at Sunset Gower Studios in Hollywood, Ca. But mostly from assisting Dick Page and Lisa Butler, amongst others. WW: How old are you? haha, I know you shouldn't ask a lady that! KG: How dare you!!! A lady never tells!!!! Just kidding, I am 28! WW: What is your favorite color? KG: I am known for wearing all black. Although that really isn't a color, its my favorite. If I had to pick an actual color it would be "Greige", a mixture of grey and beige. WW: What project/s are you currently booked or working on? KG: I just shot the Victorinox Swiss Army Campaign with Collier Schorr, V Magazine with Peter Lindbergh, Glamour with Arthur Elgort, and just got back from India where I was shooting Vogue India with Jean Francois Campos! WW: How was India? did you get to any out door markets or sight-see? KG: India was an amazing experience! It was unlike anything I have ever seen in my life. Being in a third world country really makes you appreciate what you have. It puts everything into perspective. I unfortunately worked most of the time and if I wasn't working I was traveling within the country to the next location. So I didn't get to do much exploring. But I had a lot of fun and had two amazing shoots there. WW: Who are you looking forward to working with during Fashion Week? KG: Naeem Khan is always a pleasure to work with each season. And my good friend Katie Gallagher. She got a lot of buzz last season for her first show. I think this season will be amazing for her. WW: Who are you looking forward to seeing during Fashion Week? KG: I always look forward to seeing Carine Roitfeld and Anna Dello Russo! They really know how to bring it! And hopefully there will be a Lady Gaga sighting... WW: Are you working overseas this fashion week or just traveling? KG: I am not traveling to Europe for fashion week this season but definitely Paris for next season! WW: Crazy that we are in a new decade? 2010! What are you excited about this year? Any resolutions? KG: I am very excited for the new decade! I think my career is going to go to the next level this year! I am excited for more traveling and working with more amazing people. As for resolutions...I'm already on track with them but I'm not telling!!! WW: You've always had such a great sense of style. What are you adding or changing to your style come Spring 2010? KG: Oh thank you!! I plan on adding some Spring '10 Givenchy, Rick Owens, Peter Pilotto, Ann Demeulemeester, Hannah Marshall (a friend), Katie Gallagher, and perhaps some Commes! And more white, nude, and grey! I am also open to an amazing print. As you can see I have a little bit of a shopping obsession! WW: Honey! obsession is an understatement! I can't help but feel slightly responsible for feeding you to the fashion wolves, so to speak. Please tell me you're feet will be adorning the McQueen 10'' amazingness!!? KG: Well you can't take full credit! But you helped me take it to another level. I don't know if the McQueenadillos are even being sold. But I have photos of me wearing them on a shoot! They are major!!! It's like walking in pointe shoes. Lucky for me I have 8 years of crazy ballet training behind me! WW: How would you describe your personal style with both make-up and clothes? KG: My personal style is very dark. As I said I mostly wear black. I love interesting shapes and silhouettes. I usually wear tight black jeans with some short of amazing shape up top or really short skirts and dresses! And I love a bold shoulder! In make-up I rarely change my look. It's always a strong black smudgy eye with lots of mascara. A natural face and lip. On rare occasion I go completely natural or I will add a red lip. That's always shocking!! My look has been called "luxury goth", which I find funny! And I get that I resemble Cher from the 60's a lot! Photo by: http://facehunter.blogspot.com/ WW: What key make-up looks are you liking for SP '10? & What should be left in '09? KG: I loved the bold lips on the runway that we saw at Givenchy, Prada, and Rodarte to name a few. Also the absence or focus on the eyebrow. I also loved the severe eyes at Rick Owen! Stunning! KG: What should be left in '09 is the super 80's inspired make-up a la Marc Jacobs! WW:If you had a palette of colors that was signature to you, what colors would make up this pallette? KG: I definitely use a lot of neutral tones. There would be black, white, terracotta, variety of greys, various taupes, nudes and browns. But I love pops of color as well so I would also throw in some red, pink, purple, blue, green, orange, and yellow! I love it all! (Here is a little palette I put together inspired by KG.) WW: What are your thoughts about a bold lip? KG: I LOVE a bold lip. Not everyone can pull it off though. It takes a lot of self assurance. And some people just don't have the lips for it! I think if you are going to go for a bold lip it has to be the right shade for you as well. And my advice is not to pair it with a dark eye. Choose to focus on your eyes or your lips. Most people cannot pull off a full face! WW: Is less more? KG: I think for the everyday woman, less is more. Especially on the skin. Most women think they need a full face of foundation when they should really only conceal where needed. Subtle enhancements on the face are always best. But there are exceptions to this as well. People that have "a look" and can pull off more, by all means do it. It just has to be well done and appropriate. But, in fashion, sometimes more is more! I love to experiment and really take it there in my work. WW: Who/what is inspiring you at the moment? KG: What always inspires me is the person in my make-up chair. I work very organically. I have ideas of course but once the person is in my chair and I start working the face in front of me inspires what the outcome will be. And obviously the clothes are very inspiring to me. Editorial is a very collaborative effort. So the styling and hair will also inspire me. It really all depends. In general I am inspired by my travels and the different cultures I have had the pleasure to see. And I am inspired by art, movies, pop culture, and music. KG: As far as my personal style goes I am inspired by various time periods like the 60's, 80's and 90's. My style icons are: Edie Sedgwick, Siouxsie Sioux, Patti Smith, Anita Pallenberg, Robert Smith, and Nico. WW: What bands are you listening to lately? KG: The usual suspects: Joy Division, New Order, The Smiths, The Cure, Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Beatles and The Zombies. I like to stick to the classics! WW: And who are you wearing most? KG: I am wearing a lot of Rick Owens, Ann Demuelemeester, Margiela and some Givenchy. WW:Quote of the moment? KG: "In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." -Coco Chanel
At the Rabbi’s Table – June 2017 We're continuing a monthly learning session with members of clergy, downtown, each month. Please bring a nosh and join us at 55 -2nd Street. 5:00 pm - 2:00 pm | Join your Tribe for Men for our annual camping… 5:00 pm - 2:00 pm | CLICK HERE TO VIEW MORE AND REGISTER FOR MENSCHFEST!Escape… 9:15 am - 10:15 am |
This may be due to reality that our cats are certainly not stepping in , hence, not activating the stage sensor. I think the cats are jumping up into the doorway and leaping out of your box . I had to push the "cycle" button manually . Overall, I feel it continues to be an excellent order with the benefit of Procedure and odorless part. The perimeters are seamless additions that cleverly nest exactly on to the CatGenie Base and precisely match the Base shade of pearl gray. How can I get my cat to stop making use of my potted plants like a litter box? Make certain you deliver your cat with an attractive litter box. By attractive I necessarily mean, Once i experienced the bumper cut from the rear of the Jayco, for that installation of my Motorcycle carrier, I lost the carrier for that 3" sewer hose. Command the level of cat hair in your house. Getting lots of cats improves the quantity of cat hair in circulation. This will set off allergy symptoms in your spouse and children and guests, and Furthermore, it has a tendency to cling to clothing. The solid, resilient rake can be taken off for easy cleaning and squander receptacles are very easily replaced and stored sealed to contain odor, whilst carbon filters take up the odor to even further minimize scent. Karen from Garner, NC on 12/12/2013 This litter box is quite easy to use. To vacant this box: roll it around (in the direction of the drawer side) until It can be the wrong way up, strike The underside to website loosen any wet litter, roll it again, pull out the drawer and empty it. It does can be found in two various measurements---I've 3 extra large kinds and also have had these for over five yrs. You are doing should make guaranteed not To place far too much litter in it or you find yourself with a drawer full of clear litter as an alternative to just the excrement to throw away. Dr. Sarah Wooten normally takes a closer look at this curious sleeping behavior and what it has got to do with canines’ ancestry. On the list of RV Enhancements many people forget about... myself involved, is just more info one that guards a vital 'Device' ; your keys. Their intention would be to constantly manufacture these products and solutions with excellent and effectiveness to deliver value for their customers. Changes in your cat's natural environment, such as rearranging his dwelling Room or relocating to a brand new property, can include strain and induce marking. From time to time, the spraying cat may well target the outfits or bedding of a person or visitor in your house. Neuter or spay your cats. Without fail, get every single cat you have spayed or neutered. Each year, you will find a great deal more kittens born than fantastic homes to consider them. Spaying and neutering minimizes the possibility that your cats will mark territory with urine. Take a look at them. They cover two or three inches of window. I know it's an hard work to course up the rigs, and add some significant manner, However they do it, for my part, at too substantial a value in window operate. It is an everyday large litterbox. It did not suit. The washrooms are also small. And Indeed, you guessed it, that darn issue fell aside again! What a squander of time, work and revenue! And now I really need to go through the problems of returning these worthless objects: hoping to have the pieces back again in the boxes; obtaining them to UPS, hoping they find their way back to the vendor; and afterwards, When they are obtained, I must hold out One more website 7 days or two for my refund. Worst funds I at any time invested! Worthless merchandise!
Jay Bennett was in Wilco. He was one of the men who created "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot" - one of the great records of this decade. Jay Bennett had a contentious relationship with Wilco leader Jeff Tweedy and this relationship was the focal point of the excellent documentary "I Am Trying To Break Your Heart." After Jay Bennett left Wilco, he never had the same success but this doesn't change the fact that Jay Bennett was supremely talented - a truly excellent musician and his death is incredibly sad. During his time in Wilco Jay and Jeff were like Mick and Kieth. They were partners. Those records could not have been made without both of them. Jay Bennett was 45 years old when he went to sleep and didn't wake up. We'll miss Jay Bennett.
In light of our ongoing strategy to focus our efforts and resources on Wink, our founder, Ben Kaufman, will no longer serve as the CEO of Quirky. Ben has always been, and continues to be, deeply committed to the spirit and values of Quirky’s community of creative people around the world, as well as its inventors and its partners. Ben continues to believe in Quirky’s core mission to make invention accessible and believes that mission will live on. Effective immediately, current Chief Financial Officer Ed Kremer will be the CEO. Have an amazing project to share? Join the SHOW-AND-TELL every Wednesday night at 7:30pm ET on Google+ Hangouts. Join us every Wednesday night at 8pm ET for Ask an Engineer! Learn resistor values with Mho’s Resistance or get the best electronics calculator for engineers “Circuit Playground” – Adafruit’s Apps! Maker Business — How Authority and Decision-Making Differ Across Cultures Wearables — Perform operation Electronics — Soldering Pointer! Biohacking — Stretchable EEG Temporary Tattoos No comments yet. Sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.
Medical device researchers are encouraged to comply with the medical device vulnerability disclosure recommendations of the FDA and the ISO/IEC standard for vulnerability disclosure Kennedy Space Center, Fla., and New York, September 20, 2016 – NH-ISAC, National Health Information Sharing and Analysis Center, and MDISS, Medical Device Innovation, Safety and Security Consortium, two leading organizations addressing the global public health challenge of medical device cybersecurity and cyber safety, encourage all medical device researchers to comply with the medical device vulnerability disclosure recommendations of the FDA and the ISO/IEC standard for vulnerability disclosure. Safe, effective, and secure medical devices are critical to advancing our nation’s public health. To optimize patient safety while considering a security vulnerability, it is critical that medical device researchers collaborate with manufacturers, the FDA, and ICS-CERT. This collaboration expedites a detailed assessment of a medical device based on sound engineering best practices and enables appropriate risk mitigation. Dr. Dale Nordenberg, Executive Director of MDISS, notes that “when identifying security vulnerabilities that may pose a risk to patients, it is critical that medical device researchers provide detailed engineering methods to support a timely collaborative peer review process by manufacturers, ICS-CERT, and the FDA of any potential medical device vulnerability.” Identification of potential medical device cybersecurity vulnerabilities, especially those that may impact patient safety, should be disclosed consistent with the FDA guidance, Postmarket Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices (January 2016), and, specifically, per the FDA recognized ISO/IEC 29147:2014 standard noted in this FDA guidance. As the standard states: “Inappropriate disclosure of a vulnerability could not only delay the deployment of the vulnerability resolution but also give attackers hints to exploit it. That is why vulnerability disclosure should be carried out appropriately.” ….and that ….”Vulnerability disclosure is a process through which vendors and vulnerability finders may work cooperatively in finding solutions that reduce the risks associated with a vulnerability.” The ISO/IEC standard states that “the goals of vulnerability disclosure include the following: a) ensuring that identified vulnerabilities are addressed; b) minimizing the risk from vulnerabilities; c) providing users with sufficient information to evaluate risks from vulnerabilities to their systems; d) setting expectations to promote positive communication and coordination among involved parties.” Denise Anderson, President, NH-ISAC emphasizes “While medical device researchers should follow the applicable manufacturer published vulnerability disclosure process; we encourage any medical device researcher to reach out to NH-ISAC for assistance in connecting to manufacturers, as needed, to promote prompt response and patient safety.” NH-ISAC and MDISS continue to convene medical device manufacturers, health systems, and other key stakeholders to develop cyber information sharing activities including those that support the FDA postmarket guidance. These activities are open to all stakeholders including medical device researchers. NH-ISAC and MDISS will be convening two workshops in Minnesota this month: (1) this year’s fourth medical device cybersecurity workshop at the end of September; hosted by Mayo Clinic and (2) a one-day medical device vulnerability information sharing workshop to support the FDA post market draft guidance; hosted by St. Jude Medical. ABOUT NH-ISAC – The National Health Information Sharing and Analysis Center (NH-ISAC), the official healthcare information sharing and analysis center, offers non-profit and for-profit healthcare stakeholders, such as: independent hospitals, IDN “providers”, health insurance “payers”, pharmaceutical/biotech manufacturers, laboratory, diagnostic, medical device manufacturers, medical school and medical R&D organizations, a community and forum for sharing cyber and physical threat indicators, best practices and mitigation strategies. NH-ISAC is a non-profit corporation funded and owned by its members. Membership is open to any healthcare stakeholder seeking protection of valuable PHI (personal health information) and compliance with Federal HIPAA regulations and standards, driving the assurance of patient health and life safety and fostering continuity of operations. Joining the NH-ISAC is one of the best ways health and public health services firms can do their part to protect the industry and its vital role in critical infrastructure. To learn more about the NH-ISAC or to become a member, please visit www.nhisac.org. ABOUT MDISS – The Medical Device Innovation, Safety and Security Consortium (MDISS) founded in 2011, is a non-profit public health initiative and patient safety organization focused on medical device cybersecurity, along with practical technology, operations and policy solutions for improved safety of connected medical devices. MDISS was the first organization dedicated to these important medical device cyber health challenges and, in 2015, began to expand internationally. MDISS members bring deep expertise to inform an understanding of technical vulnerabilities; however, MDISS programs also support the development of epidemiologic methods, regulatory science and a public-private partnership model for public health interventions. To learn more about the NH-ISAC or to become a member, please visit www.mdiss.org.
Code of Conduct Why do we have an official Code of Conduct for The IDEs Of March (TIOM)? First, it is necessary (unfortunately). Harassment at events is common. Second, it sets expectations for behavior at the event. Simply having a code of conduct can prevent harassment all by itself. Third, it encourages people to attend who have had bad experiences at other events. Finally, it gives event staff instructions on how to handle harassment quickly, with the minimum amount of disruption or bad press for the event. TIOM is dedicated to providing a harassment-free event experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, gender identity, age, race, national identity, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of event participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including talks. Event participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the event at the discretion of the event organizers/management. Harassment includes, but is not limited, to offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, gender identity, age, race, religion, the use or display of sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. Exhibiting partners and speakers are also subject to the code of conduct. In particular, exhibitors and speakers should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material, or otherwise create a sexualized environment. If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the event. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the Event Staff immediately. Our Event Staff can usually be identified by special badges/attire. Please note, while we take all concerns raised seriously, we will use our discretion to determine when and how to follow up on reported incidents and may decline to take any further action and/or may direct the participant to other resources for resolution. Event staff will be happy to help participants contact venue/event security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your attendance. We expect participants to follow these rules at all event venues and related social events. TIOM reserves the right to refuse admittance to, or remove any person from any TIOM event at any time at its sole discretion. This includes but is not limited to attendees behaving in a disorderly manner or failing to comply with the following guidelines. Be excellent to each other. Treat everyone with respect. Participate while acknowledging that everyone deserves to be here — and each of us has the right to enjoy our experience without fear of harassment, discrimination, or condescension, whether blatant or via micro-aggressions. Speak up if you see or hear something. Harassment is not tolerated, and you are empowered to politely engage when you or others are harassed. Also, assume positive intent. The person making you feel uncomfortable may not be aware of what they are doing, and politely bringing their behavior to their attention is encouraged. We have a ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY for harassment of any kind, including but not limited to: - Harassing photography or recording - Deliberate intimidation - Sustained disruption of talks or other events - Offensive verbal comments - Sexual images in public spaces - Inappropriate physical contact - Unwelcome sexual or physical attention In relation to, but not limited to: - National origin - Gender identity - Gender presentation - Sexual orientation - Body size - Differing abilities - Choice of Mobile Phone - Choice of Operating System We empower and encourage you to report any behavior that makes you or others feel uncomfortable by finding an TIOM staff member or contacting Matteo Doni (email@example.com) Any person behaving in a disorderly manner, engaging in harassing or inappropriate behavior, or otherwise failing to comply with this policy may be removed from any TIOM-hosted event or refused admittance (including to future TIOM events) at any time in TIOM’s sole discretion. Individuals who are expelled from an event for a violation of this policy will not be provided with a refund. The IDEs Of March (TIOM) is dedicated to providing harassment-free event experiences for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, gender identity, age, body size, physical appearance, neurodiversity, race, national identity, religion, or other protected category. We do not tolerate harassment of event participants in any form. In 2017 TIOM instituted an anti-harassment policy that all attendees of TIOM events must abide by. License and attribution This policy is licensed under the Creative Commons Zero license. This policy is based on several other policies, including the IDEAA Code of Conduct, Google I/O anti-harassment policy, Ohio LinuxFest anti-harassment policy, written by Esther Filderman and Beth Lynn Eicher, and the Con Anti-Harassment Project. Mary Gardiner, Valerie Aurora, Sarah Smith, and Donna Benjamin generalised the policies and added supporting material. Many members of LinuxChix, Geek Feminism and other groups contributed to this work.
Central American youths surprise the world in robot olympics Translated from Spanish. Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua participated in the robot olympics promoted by First Global, an initiative to motivate youth to use and enjoy science and technology. Youth from 157 countries participated in the First Global Challenge, the world’s first robotic olympic, in Washington DC, USA. The teams are made up of high school youth and the theme of inspiration is to find solutions for everyone to have access to drinking water. In the Olympics each team is given a kit with blue balls and other oranges, blues simulate pure water and oranges contaminated water.
A $50,000 House - But At What Cost? Can you still get a house for $50,000? The answer may surprise you. While, the average U.S. home price is $181,000 and for more than $130,000 less than that, you can become a homeowner. However, for that rock bottom price tag you may have to sacrifice a few things on your homebuying wish list such as size, location, age and amenities. Let's look at your options listed through Trulia.com: A Work In Progress 3 bed/2 ½ bath single-family home in Grove Park Location: Atlanta, GA To make this your new home you're going to have to either finish it yourself or hire a contractor to finish the work since it's only partially complete. It requires drywall work, electrical exterior painting, countertops, appliances, driveway and more. You may be able to realize a great profit if you can price the work right and you like the location; however it's going to take some major additional cash to make it livable. (Follow this step-by-step guide to make your homeownership dreams a reality. Read Top Tips For First-Time Home Buyers.) Not The Best Area 3 bed/2 bath 1,512 sq ft. single-family home Location: Beaverton, OR This property is a manufactured home in very good, move-in condition and boasts a new roof along with well-rated local schools. Its location (bordered by a major highway and freeway) may be a turnoff for some potential buyers. In addition there are disproportionately more neighborhood homes for sale that are either in foreclosure or are already bank-owned than in nearby areas which may mean that it's a less attractive area for buyers or that prices haven't dropped as much as necessary. It can also indicate that you may be moving into an area that has a glut of vacant homes because former owners have had to move out. History In the Making 2 bed/1 bath 897 sq. ft. condo in Hyde Park Location: Boston, MA The upside is that, as a short sale, the property is well under the local median sales price of more than $262,000, and it's located near public transportation for an easy commute into the city; the downside is that it will require a cash infusion to make some much-needed improvements, especially considering that the property is nearly 100 years old. (Don't let a slow real estate market drag you down - steer clear of these pitfalls. Check out 5 Mistakes Real Estate Investors Should Avoid.) 3 bed/2 bath 1,372 sq. ft. townhome Location: Centreville, VA This house could be the deal of your dreams if you're looking for affordable living within reasonable driving distance to the nation's capital. While the property doesn't offer a fenced yard or lawn to speak of, it is located in a thriving downtown suburb with a lower than average crime rate and high number of college-educated homeowners and young families. The cost of living in this area is relatively high so this property may help you afford to reach your goal of homeownership in this area. Similarly-sized REO townhomes are listing for at least five to seven times as much! Love It Or Lease It 2 bed/1.5 bath 1,040 sq. ft. townhome off Military Highway Location: Dallas, TX This property is on a pretty tree-lined street in the Riverview Estates/Bruton Terrace neighborhood in Dallas, just outside the city. The downside is that it's currently leased to a tenant for 12 months; if you can buy and hold until the lease is up and then either move in or rent it again it might be a deal worth considering. Find out what factors you should weigh when searching for income-producing real estate. Check out Top 10 Features Of A Profitable Rental Property.) Price-wise the property is a steal at 34% lower than comparable homes in the area and 54% lower than the average price for homes in the same zip code. Also, the local crime rate is well above national averages - three times higher overall (for all types of reported crime) and six times higher than the national average for robbery. Safety might rule this sale out. ( Needs Some TLC 2 bed/1 bath 1,006 sq. ft. duplex in Old North Milwaukee Location: Milwaukee, WI This short sale two-family property is located in a nice neighborhood with wide, tree-lined streets but also comes with a long list of needed repairs. If you're intending to move in or use it as an investment property you'll need to drop money on kitchen and bath remodeling, extensive roof and gutter repair, and drywalling work due to old roof leaks. However if you've got the cash (or elbow grease and skill) you'll get a gem in the rough - the home was built in 1928, has original hardwood throughout and sits on two acres. The home price is 24% lower than the local average list price and 63% lower than the average home price for properties in the same zip code. Depending on the renovation expense it might not seem like enough of a bargain to seal the deal! Priced To Move 3 bed/1 bath 1,528 sq. ft. single-family home in Autumnwood Location: Mobile, AL This brick, ranch-style home is an REO property that is selling for nearly $40,000 less than the last time it was sold - 22 months ago it sold for $85,400. The home was built in 1959 and features wood floors, a fenced backyard, newly-painted rooms and newly-tiled kitchen, and attractively landscaped front lawn. (Don't let buying a home bust your budget. Make sure the house you choose is worth the price you pay. Read 10 Tips For Getting A Fair Price On A Home.) The home is priced to sell - comparable properties in the neighborhood are selling for $30,000 more. And while the area is predominantly made up of families the local crime rate is twice the national average overall and nearly four times higher for certain types of crime including robbery and property crime. Get to know the neighborhood well before you rush to make an offer. 4 bed/1 bath 2,340 sq. ft. in Granite School District Location: Salt Lake City, UT This property has just entered the foreclosure process, meaning that the person holding the mortgage has defaulted on the loan. The property has been on the market for nearly four months (before the homeowner defaulted on the loan) so that may indicate it's either in poor condition or not a great buy for the location even if it is priced at 72% lower than the average list price for homes in the same zip code. (Sometimes it's better to cut your losses, but foreclosures and short selling can have devastating impacts on your credit score. Read Short Sales And Foreclosures: When It's Time To Move On.) The Bottom Line If your homebuying budget is tight you may be able to find a "gem in the rough" while the housing market is still depressed. But you'll need to lower your expectations, do a little legwork (and perhaps a little heavy lifting) to make it the home of your dreams. (To learn more about the homebuying process, be sure to read our Buying A Home tutorial.)
LHawkins1 wrote:This post is based off of ChuckNoris's compilation where he rates each of his builds on scales of 1-10 for different categories like Fun, Gear, Killspeed, Safety, etc. The guide section doesn't currently allow polls to be created, but I wonder if something can be changed/added to allow players to "review" each guide after playing or reading it, so that players in the future who want to see a quick overview of the guide can view a user-based rating from player experience. It would almost appear like a current poll where you have the little button to click to cast your vote, but it would be coded differently so that you can cast one vote per line, something like this: Killspeed: o1 o2 o3 o4 o5 o6 o7 o8 o9 o10 | Current score: x.y / 10 Safety: o1 o2 o3 o4 o5 o6 o7 o8 o9 o10 | Current score: x.y / 10 Gameplay: o1 o2 o3 o4 o5 o6 o7 o8 o9 o10 | Current score: x.y / 10 Gear: o1 o2 o3 o4 o5 o6 o7 o8 o9 o10 | Current score: x.y / 10 Fun: o1 o2 o3 o4 o5 o6 o7 o8 o9 o10 | Current score: x.y / 10 And then after reading/playing the guide, the player could go back and vote how they felt the guide worked, allowing a cumulative review. Does this make sense and/or is it possible? That's kind of a neat idea, almost like an Amazon book review ranking system where you leave it to the players to decide how well a character/build handles. That said, do you really want the viability of your build/guide (at least, as seen by new players) left in the hands of people who may not understand--or even want to understand--how/why things work? Imagine a certain recent Shoutbox-spamming totem/summoner necro player and the rating he might give your guide if he couldn't use it to do J-Day on p8--not because it couldn't be done, but because that certain player was wilfully ignorant of how the game played and/or refused to adapt. But maybe situations like that would be the exception, idk. Nevertheless, it's an interesting idea and I'd kinda like to see how it would play out.
Plans released in November show commitment to transitioning from coal to clean energy to address air pollution and climate emissions This is part one of a two-part blog covering China’s new 13th Five Year Sub-plans on Climate, Environment and Power, written with Noah Lerner, Princeton-in-Asia Fellow in NRDC's Beijing office With uncertainty hanging over the U.S.’s future climate contributions under the Trump Administration, three new Thirteenth Five Year sub-plans released recently by the Chinese government on controlling greenhouse gas emissions, environmental protection and development of the power sector provide assurance that China will continue to deepen its environmental and climate actions regardless of any change in U.S. policies. These sub-plans add concrete measures and targets to the climate goals outlined in China’s overall 13th Five Year Plan for Economic and Social Development released last spring. (See our previous analysis on that plan). The Greenhouse Gas Control and Environmental Protection plans reinforce what is happening on-the-ground in China as the country is likely to achieve its third year in a row of reducing coal consumption, contributing to a reduction of its carbon dioxide emissions by about 0.7% last year. China’s Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Control Work Plan and Power Sector Development 13th Five Year Plans (FYPs) came out just as countries convened in November for the COP22 climate negotiations in Marrakesh, Morocco, while its Ecological and Environmental Protection 13th FYP (hereafter referred to as the Environmental Protection 13th FYP) was released later in the month. Covering a comprehensive set of policies, these documents lay out benchmark goals for 2020 that will put China on track to over-achieve its 2030 Paris goals, strengthen enforcement of environmental laws and standards, and continue its transition to low carbon energy. While challenges remain, including addressing the remaining pipeline of planned coal power plants that risk becoming stranded assets under China’s low carbon transition, the policies set a clear direction for continued action that will help reduce China’s and global greenhouse gas emissions, and improve environmental quality and public health in China. In this blog post, we discuss the significance of the GHG control and Environmental 13th Five Year Plans. The climate implications of the Power Sector plan will be covered in a second blog post. China’s Roadmap for Controlling Greenhouse Gas Emissions During the Next Five Years: Strengthening control of CO2 emissions and coal consumption The State Council released its 13th Five Year work plan to control GHG emissions (Chinese) in early November just before the Marrakech COP, reaffirming China’s commitment to do its part in combatting global climate change. The plan begins by reiterating a key climate goal: China will peak its CO2 emissions by 2030 and make its best efforts to peak earlier. To do this, the work plan sets out a range of targets and policies related to controlling and reducing CO2 emissions, including reiterating goals to reduce China’s carbon intensity (CO2 emissions per unit of GDP) by 18% by 2020 compared to 2015, reduce energy intensity by 15%, increase non-fossil energy to 15% of the energy mix (from 12 percent at the end of 2015), and increase forest stock volume and coverage to 16.5 billion cubic meters (bcm) and 23.04 percent, from 15.14 bcm and 21.66 percent as of 2015. The GHG Control work plan also reiterates a total energy consumption cap target of 5.0 billion tons of coal equivalent and a coal consumption cap target of 4.2 billion tons for 2020. This 4.2 billion coal consumption cap target was included in the 2014-20 Energy Development Strategy Action Plan, but this is the first time that a 13th Five Year Plan has included the target. Both the GHG Control work plan and the Environmental Protection 13th Five Year Plan include strengthened policies on controlling coal consumption, given the importance of this task to controlling China’s GHG emissions and its PM 2.5 and other air pollution. The GHG Control work plan notes that severe air pollution regions and cities should continue to reduce their coal consumption after 2017, the final year of the 2013 Air Pollution Action Plan that established the original coal consumption reduction mandates for the Jing-Jin-Ji (Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei), Yangtze River Delta (Shanghai, Zhejiang and Jiangsu) and Pearl River Delta regions. Recognizing that reducing coal consumption is key to improving air quality, the Environmental Protection 13th FYP (Chinese) adds a goal to reduce coal’s share of total energy consumption to 58 percent by 2020, compared to 64 percent in 2015. It also establishes specific coal consumption reduction targets for key air pollution regions: Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shandong, Henan and the Pearl River Delta are to reduce their coal consumption by about 10 percent by 2020, compared to 2015; while Shanghai, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, and Anhui are to reduce their coal consumption by about 5 percent. Given the significant coal consumption in these regions, this will result in a reduction in coal consumption of about 140 million tons by 2020 if the regions all fulfill their targets. This would be equivalent to eliminating the annual coal consumption of South Korea, thus demonstrating the Chinese authorities’ continued focus on transitioning China’s energy structure from coal to cleaner energy. Also under focus is reducing coal consumption in China’s cities, requiring all prefecture-level cities that do not meet China’s air quality standards to achieve an 18% reduction in their average annual PM 2.5 levels by 2020. The Environmental Protection 13th FYP specifically calls on China’s 10 cities with the worst air quality, to continue to implement their plans to reduce coal consumption. The use of “dispersed coal,” i.e., the coal for residential heating and cooking and small-scale industrial boilers, mainly in rural areas, also comes under aim, given its disproportionate contribution to air pollution. In Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, for example, studies have found that cleaning up dispersed coal emissions could reduce PM 2.5 levels by up to 32%. The GHG Control work plan and Environmental Protection plan set targets to reduce dispersed coal use by replacing it with natural gas and electric heating, expanding district heating and green buildings, and upgrading and phasing out smaller inefficient boilers. Urban areas with district heating and natural gas networks are to ban the use of dispersed coal. Given that China’s coal consumption was 3.96 billion tons in 2013 and has continued to fall in 2014, 2015 and this year, we believe the 4.2 billion ton and 58% coal consumption cap targets can be achieved and even improved upon. The China coal consumption cap project’s research for the 13th Five Year Plan coal cap policy recommends a 2020 coal cap target of 3.5 billion tons and 55 percent of total energy consumption, achievable by reducing excess industrial capacity, expanding energy efficiency and non-fossil energy, and implementing fiscal, tax and market measures to account for coal’s environmental and climate impacts. Strengthening implementation of national, sectoral and local coal cap targets to reduce coal consumption to 3.5 billion tons (compared to the study’s reference scenario of 3.9 billion tons) would reduce PM 2.5 emissions by 1 million tons and prevent 71,000 premature air-pollution-related deaths per year, while helping China contribute greatly to addressing global climate change by avoiding 850 million tons of CO2 emissions. The GHG Control work plan includes several other key measures to address coal consumption and develop low carbon models, as well as address other non-CO2 GHG emissions: - Large power generation companies must achieve a fleet-wide average of 550 grams of CO2 emissions per kWh by 2020, which requires that they continue to expand their low-carbon generation resources such as wind and solar while limiting the operation of their coal power plants. This strengthens the 2015 target of 650 grams of CO2 emissions per kWh. According to the 13th Five Year Plan for Electricity Development, Chinese coal power plants in 2015 consumed an average 318 grams of coal equivalent per kWh, emitting 890 grams of CO2 per kWh, while a wind or solar farm emits zero. Based on 2016 electricity generation data, the Chinese electricity system as a whole in 2016 emitted about 620 grams of CO2 per kWh. While the 550 grams of CO2 per kWh is a significant target, there is a need for greater transparency, including a regular scorecard on how power generators are doing in meeting this target. - The work plan directs economically developed regions to peak earlier than the national 2030 target, including supporting efforts by the 23 Chinese member cities of the Alliance of Peaking Pioneer Cities (APPC) to set targets and develop plans to peak early. It also sets specific carbon intensity reduction targets of 12-20.5% for each province, and calls for establishing 50 pilot “near-zero emission zones,” expanding the current low-carbon cities program from 42 to 100 cities, and establishing 80 low-carbon industrial zones. It also calls on certain heavy industry sectors to peak their CO2 emissions by around 2020. - Finally, the plan notes that China will establish a national carbon market next year, which will cover all enterprises that emit over 10,000 tons of coal equivalent in eight major industries. By pricing carbon, China is seeking to expand the role of market forces in developing, manufacturing and operating low carbon energy sources, technologies and practices. The work plan calls for strengthening monitoring, reporting and verification (MRV) at the national, local and enterprise levels, and developing a complete carbon cap-and-trade system by 2020 with active trading, strict management, and transparency. - Importantly, China’s GHG Control work plan is looking beyond CO2 to strengthen policies to control other GHG emissions, including methane and HFCs. This includes reducing methane emissions in the agricultural sector and in municipal waste and sewage treatment. In line with the recent Kigali amendment to the Montreal Protocol, the State Council’s GHG Control work plan also calls for developing an action plan to control the emissions of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), man-made “super greenhouse gases” used as refrigerants and other applications. The plan also sets new targets for controlling emissions of one type of HFC, HFC-23, a greenhouse gas with 14,800 times the warming effect of CO2, requiring that all HFC-23 emissions basically be destroyed according to the standard, and reducing HCFC-22 production and consumption (HFC-23 is a by-product of HCFC-22) so that production in 2020 is 35% less than that in 2010. With the GHG Control and Environmental Protection 13th Five Year Plans, China is showing its commitment to deepening policies to reduce coal consumption, develop low carbon technologies and policies, and pursue a path towards cleaner development. Key to this energy transition will be greening the electricity sector. In our next blog, we review the 13th Five Year Plan for power sector development and the challenges and policies needed to develop a low-carbon power sector.
Who Cares? Jack Tretton Cares. Think we game journalists don't have any impact on the men who sit at the forefront of the industry? Think we're just typin' away for our own benefit, to try and drive traffic as high as possible? Think we're just trying to faithfully serve our readers? ...okay, the answer to the last one is a definite "yes," but don't think for a second that the head honchos from Sony don't care about what is written about them and their company. SCEA president Jack Tretton handled Sony's hour-and-a-half conference at E3, and we must say, he did very well. We've seen him speak before at plenty of other events, of course, and along with the now departed Phil Harrison, we always thought Tretton was both informative and engaging. But as journalists, we have a responsibility to report the bad along with the good, and that includes our own opinions when editorials are involved. So what happens when we interpret some of Sony's news as bad? Well, Tretton says he "bleeds" when something like that happens. At the end of a bonus one-hour roundtable after the E3 conference, the last question asked was, "Do you ever get nervous when you say something and you see all the keyboards light up at the same time?" Tretton replied: "I get nervous every time that I open my mouth. I'd love to tell you that I don't read everything that gets written, and you know, I do, let them all eat cake. I bleed with every word that's written. You can't make everybody happy, not everyone is going to agree with you. I care about some unknown guy that responds to one of your blogs and trashes something I said. It's tough to make everyone in your family love you let alone everyone in the world. It's the price of admission, but yeah, it freaks me out." We often forget how easy it is to sit back and judge from the comfort of our own chairs at home, safe from scrutiny or backlash (for the most part). We always have to appreciate the job requirements for something like "SCEA president," because we sure as heck don't want to be up on that stage! But we still soldier forth in our jobs as he does in his; if Sony doesn't do so well, and the news is bad - 'cough' the PS3 launch 'cough' - we're gonna tell our readers about it. But when things start to go right, guys like Tretton will reap the rewards of our words. It's just the nature of the business. 7/18/2008 Ben Dutka
On the weekend we went into Delhi to do our work and see some markets. Because we don’t have wifi at the home we struggle a lot with completing university assignments. We took this weekend as a chance to get some of our work done. The weekend was really fun, we had a karaoke night at a hostel when we finished our work and then returned to the home the next day. India gate is not as exciting as we had hoped though, we didn’t realise that the cars drive through it! One of the older girls asked us to do 5.30am yoga with her on the balcony on Monday so we woke early & waited for her. She was still asleep and didn’t join us but it was nice to see the area so quiet when usually there are children laughing and cars honking all day. We should have woken a little bit earlier to see the sunrise! This week the girls finished writing the narration for the play and we completed many run throughs of the show.We finished the scenes this week and managed to give the girls an experience of what a professional rehearsal week would be like, using directors notes and fun vocal and physical warm-ups. This is the last week the girls will get the chance to rehearse before the show. We found out that the girls were not to perform their full 20 minute performance so we condensed it to 2 critical scenes. This took some negotiating on the girls’ part but they agreed to perform the alien and jungle scenes. This also allowed for really exciting costumes for the show. We spent a session dedicated to giving the girls the materials to create their costumes for the show. They all had really exciting ideas. We provided feathers, masks, glitter, glue etc. and the home staff provided us with clothes that the girls were allowed to tear apart and sew together to create costumes. They were helping each other out, sticking feathers in each other’s hair, providing each other with needle and thread & really coming together to create the costumes. Last week we were very organised about how the structure of the play would be created, they worked in 2 groups to create 3 scenes each to develop a play with 7 scenes and it worked very well. This week we managed to bring the scenes together very well so that they could see each other’s achievements. The main focus was teaching the girls how a play would come together. We taught them about blocking scenes, transitions and volume. Next week is summer camp… there will be children from 14 homes here & we are delivering drama for 40 boys and girls aged 14-18 for 3 hours per day for 3 days.
The .NET Developer's Guide to Directory Services User Account Management In this section, we take many of the abstract concepts we learned in the first part of the book and begin to apply them to real-world problems. One of the most common programming activities that most developers will perform against Active Directory and ADAM is user account management. Active Directory user management is fairly straightforward once we know all of the basic rules. However, there are many interesting rules and behaviors concerning how attribute values in Active Directory are used to determine how user objects behave in Windows. In order to get the results we want, it is important to learn these rules and behaviors. We try to demonstrate most of them in this chapter. To a lesser extent, we also investigate user account management in ADAM. ADAM is very similar to Active Directory in most respects, but it has a few significant differences worth pointing out. When we speak of user objects for the remainder of this chapter, we are really talking about the user class in both Active Directory and ADAM. This is the class that acts as a security principal for Active Directory (and often, for ADAM). It is typically the class that we care the most about. The first thing we are likely to want to do with user accounts in Active Directory is find them. Given all that we know about searching from Chapters 4 and 5, this should be easy. Essentially, we just need to know where we want to search and what filter to use to find users. Let’s start with the LDAP filter. Our goal is to build an LDAP filter that will find exactly what we want and that will be as efficient as possible. A few attributes in Active Directory distinguish user objects from other object types that we can use to build a filter: The objectCategory attribute has the advantage of being single-valued and indexed by default on all versions of Active Directory. This attribute is meant to be used to group common types of objects together so that we can search across all of them. Many of the schema classes related to users share the same value of person as their object category. While this is useful for searches in which we want to find information across many different types of user-related objects, it is not as useful for finding the user objects we typically care about (which are usually security principals). For example, in Active Directory, since both user and contact classes share the same objectCategory value of person, it alone will not tell them apart. The objectClass attribute seems like a no-brainer, as (objectClass=user) will always find user objects exclusively. The problem here is that in many forests, the objectClass attribute is not indexed and it is always multivalued. As we know from the section titled Optimizing Search Performance, in Chapter 5, we generally want to try to avoid searches on nonindexed attributes, so using objectClass alone in a filter might not be the most efficient solution. This is why we see a lot of samples that search for user objects using an indexed filter like this: This will get the job done, but we can do even better than this. One key difference between contact objects and user objects in Active Directory is that user objects have a sAMAccountName attribute that is indexed by default. Thus, we could build a filter like this: This will separate the contacts from the users effectively. However, another approach is available that can find user objects directly, and it may be the most efficient technique for Active Directory: Using the sAMAccountType attribute with a value of 805306368 accesses a single-valued, indexed attribute that uniquely defines user objects. The only downside here is that this attribute is not well documented, so it may not be recommended by Microsoft. However, in our investigations, it is effective. One piece of good news is that all of these attributes are included in the global catalog, so we can use all of these filters there as well. This should provide a foundation to build on for various user object searches. We may also wish to combine these filters with other attributes to find different subsets of user objects matching specific criteria. We will see some examples of that in the rest of this section. Finding Users in ADAM Things change a little bit for ADAM, because we don’t have things like sAMAccountName or sAMAccountType on an ADAM user. These attributes are actually from the auxiliary class called securityPrincipal. This class happens to be slightly different depending on whether it comes from Active Directory or ADAM. In this case, the securityPrincipal class does not contain sAMAccountName or related attributes in ADAM. This means that we need to adjust our filters slightly to find our users in ADAM. It turns out that we can use some other indexed attributes, such as userPrincipalName, to find our users. However, since this attribute is not required, we have to be careful and ensure that all of our user objects have set a value for userPrincipalName. As mentioned in Chapter 8, ADAM also includes the idea of a userProxy object that we often will want to return as well. To do so, we should look for common attributes found on both classes that would filter them for our needs. In this case, we know that both the user and userProxy classes contain userPrincipalName, so it is a good candidate for this purpose. We could use a simple filter such as (userPrincipalName=*) if we knew that all of our objects would have a value set for this attribute. However, since not all user or userProxy objects might have a value set for userPrincipalName, we would have to use objectCategory to be safe. For example: The implications here are that if any other class in the directory also shared the same objectCategory of person or userProxy, they would also be returned. In default ADAM instances, this does not occur, but we should always check with our particular ADAM instance. Now, if we want to separate the two classes and treat them differently, we can use objectClass, as the classes are different for each type: The first filter will return only user objects using objectCategory as an index, and the second will return only userProxy objects in the same manner. It is important to remember that we can customize ADAM heavily with application-specific classes. We should never rely on the fact that any particular class will be there or even be indexed. As such, these are only guidelines, and we really need to check the particular ADAM instance’s schema ourselves to determine what is there.
The second and final debate took place tonight between all three candidates in the MA Senate race, Scott Brown R, Martha Coakley D, and Joseph L. Kennedy (no relation). Brown and Coakley jousted intensely throughout the debate: Brown promised to be the 41st vote against the health care reform bill pending in Washington, saying the proposed legislation was “broken” and “we need to start over.” But Coakley said, “I’d be proud to be the 60th vote to make sure we get health care reform that we so badly need. ... The status quo is simply unsustainable.” They should have ended the debate, right there…that’s all people need to know. The debate comes as the race is beginning to draw national attention, with some polls showing Brown drawing unexpectedly close to Coakley in a race for a seat long held by a Democratic icon, the late Edward M. Kennedy, in a Democratic-leaning state. The fireworks in the debate came between Coakley and Brown, while independent candidate Joseph L. Kennedy, who is not related to the legendary Massachusetts political family, remained on the sidelines. Some of the sharpest exchanges occurred between the two candidates when they were allowed to ask each other questions, with Brown at one point telling the veteran prosecutor as she pressed a question, “I am not in your courtroom. I’m not a defendant.” Brown called some of Coakley’s statements “outrageous,” while Coakley told Brown, “You cant distort my record and not be accurate about your own.” Coakley criticized Brown for supporting Bush-era tax cuts for higher-income people, saying, “He wants to go back to those Bush-Cheney policies that provide for the very wealthiest.” Brown retorted, “You can run against Bush-Cheney, but I’m Scott Brown. I live in Wrentham. I drive a truck. And, yes, it’s 200,000 miles on it now. You’re not running against them. You’re running against me.” He reiterated his previous claim that Coakley’s support for health care reform, among other positions, meant she would saddle taxpayers with tax increases of $2.1 trilllion. But Coakley shot back, “It doesn’t matter how many times you say ‘$2.1 trillion,’ it doesn’t make it accurate, or even close to being accurate.” “What I support are, in fact, relief for the middle class, a health care plan that will be self-supporting,” she said. The two candidates also disagreed on how to fight terrorists and President Obama’s recent decision to send more troops to Afghanistan. Brown said he supported the decision. “I agree with the president,” the Republican said. “I support his effort to finish the job in Afghanistan.” But Coakley said she felt the United States should “plan an exit strategy” because terrorists are no longer in the country and the US should focus on getting “appropriate” intelligence information and using the “force necessary” to go after terrorists. Brown said he felt it was “naive” not to address the “very real concern” of terrorists in Afghanistan. But Coakley said, “I think it’s naive to think that we have the troops to send everywhere and they are the best way to go after people who are terrorists who disappear into the night who do trainings and who get on planes, frankly, with bombs in their shoes and other pieces of clothing.” I’m waiting for tonight’s debate to appear on YouTube. In the mean time, you can watch Friday night’s debate, here. The Money Bomb fundraising campaign is still ongoing until midnight. They reached their goal of $500,000 early on, have surpassed $750,000, and are now going for a cool mil. You can help them reach that goal, here. local coverage of the campaigns prepping for tonight’s debate: William A. Jacobson of Legal Insurrection spent some time at the Wrentham (Brown’s hometown) local campaign “office”, and has an encouraging report based on first hand observations. …Annnnnd Ace has the double flaming skull up – Brown made his $1 million! “Brown was obviously laying in wait for Gergen to serve that up so he could crush it like so many dynastic dreams”. See what Smitty is referring to at The Other McCain. Neo Neocon has more on the debate YouTube moment everyone will be talking about, tomorrow. And I love this comment at Ann Althouse’s: Gergan [sic], who could hardly conceal his bias, called it “Teddy Kennedy’s seat.” Brown to Gergan [sic]: Thanks for the opening I could drive my truck through, you Kennedy School of Government at Harvard meathead. Scott Brown’s campaign is claiming that he won the debate against Martha Coakley.
Battle of Craney Island In June, 1813, the British were cocky. They had only encountered ineffective local militia. They had blockaded Chesapeake Bay and chased the frigate U.S.F. Constellation into Norfolk, VA. At Craney Island, protecting both Hampton Roads and shipyards at Portsmouth and Norfolk, VA, was a small military contingent. In every land battle so far, the Americans had run rather than fight overwhelming odds. The British did not expect much opposition. Instead, they planned to capture the island, continue on to the larger Virginia cities, and capture the stranded frigate. According to a lieutenant from the Constellation who visited the blockading fleet under a flag of truce, the British officers said they would strike at the ship soon, vowing that “they must & will have it!” “The British became the victims of their own overweening arrogance,” says Maryland historian Christopher T. George, author of “Terror on the Chesapeake: The War of 1812 on the Bay” and editor of the Journal of the War of 1812. “They thought they were facing ill-trained rustics. So they rowed in as if they were just waiting to be shot at. They were sitting ducks.” General Robert Taylor As General Taylor wrote in his letter of July 4, 1813, to the Secretary of War: “The whole force on the island at the time of the attack, consisted of 50 riflemen, 446 infantry of the line, 91 state artillery, and 150 seamen and marines furnished by Capt. Tarbell. Of these, 43 were on, the sick list.” He added, “I cannot withhold my grateful acknowledgments to Com. Cassin, Capt. Tarbell, and the officers and crew of the Constellation and gunboats, who have in every instance aided our operations with a cordiality, zeal and ability, not to be surpassed.” The ship’s crew helped, but as British Napier lamented in his journal, “A sharp cannonade from the works on the island cost us 71 men, without returning a shot.” The British did not capture the Constellation, and they left the area without attacking Norfolk. The reported number of British casualties varied by source. There were approximately 80 killed, wounded and missing. One barge was captured and at least two more were severely damaged. The defenders did not suffer any casualties in the first major War of 1812 victory on Chesapeake Bay. “The British had all the advantages. They had the numbers. They had the firepower — and they should have won,” said former Virginia War Museum director John V. Quarstein. “You can’t go visit Craney Island today. It’s not immortalized by a song like the ‘Star-Spangled Banner,'” he adds. “But the battle there was the first big American victory in a long string of defeats on the Chesapeake Bay — and it deserves to be better remembered.”
Financial enthusiasts list now available Lighthouse List Company has introduced the Money, News and Financial Times list to the market. This list is composed of people who have registered on online financial Web sites and have subscribed to financial newsletters. These prospects earn an average of $75,000 annually. This list is 70% male. This 5,400,000 universe list is available starting at $80/M.
This page in brief How do people get to be christians? Do many convert by their own choice, or do most just get born into christian families or christian countries? And what does this say about whether people have good reasons to be christians? I couldn’t find good answers to these questions, so I decided to do some research and analyse the data myself. The answers were interesting, and maybe a little surprising – about a third to a half of present day christians are converts. Sceptics and converts Critics of christianity sometimes argue that most christians believe without good reason. This argument is partly based on the “fact” that most people in the world follow the religion of the country they were born into. Therefore, the argument goes, if they were born elsewhere they would believe differently, thus demonstrating that most people’s faith is based on geography rather than good reasons, and few people convert because they are convinced of the truth of christianity. Testing the argument The argument raises a challenging point, although it seems to fall short as an argument: - Believing in the religion one was brought up in doesn’t make that religion wrong – or right. - If a religion grows, as christianity has grown, it must, as a matter of sheer mathematics, start out by making converts. But as it becomes larger, the number of people born into the faith must inevitably increase. - Christianity is in decline in most of the traditionally christian countries of the west (mainly Europe and North America), but is growing fast in generally non-christian countries in Asia and Africa. This suggests christianity finds it easier to make converts than to retain those born into a christian heritage. But what are the numbers? If you can’t find it, do it yourself I couldn’t find the information I needed online (only one source came close, but as noted below, the information was problematic). So I decided to gather the best information I could find and develop a population model in a spreadsheet. I am not a demographer, but I am familiar with spreadsheet models. A more detailed description of what I did is below. How many christian converts? The spreadsheet modelled christian and non-christian populations in the west (Europe and North America) and the rest of the world, and was calibrated to conform to known data. It produced the following results. Using data on the number of those who self-identified as christians, the model suggested about 30% of christians living today were converts and about 70% were born into nominally christian families or culture. I also wanted to see if the result changed if only those who were “active” christians were considered (approximately identified as those who attended church regularly). On this basis, about half of christians living today were converts and half were born into christian families. This model and the history of christianity Christianity began in the Middle East, and grew by making converts. Within a few centuries there were more christians in Europe than anywhere else. By 1900, christianity had become entrenched in christian culture in Europe, but it was beginning to lose numbers. So the graph shows that there were then relatively few converts in Europe and North America, and most christians were born into the faith. But the twentieth century also saw the beginning of a massive growth in christianity in Africa and Asia (and a change in the style of christianity in South America). So the number of conversions began to rise again. This growth continues to this day, but inevitably will eventually lead to more people being born into christian families, and the number of converts will probably begun to drop as a proportion. Clearly many christians (about 30-50%, depending on how “christians” are defined) living today are converts from a “non-christian” background. They clearly had some reason to change faiths. More about the model (for those interested) It is very hard to find reliable and consistent information about population and religious belief. Here are my sources: - World population by Pew Forum, Wikipedia, DSS Research, Vaughn’s, Geohive, Worldometers, University of Botswana, ADMC and Facts & Details. - Christian numbers by Questia, Pew Forum, Douglas Jacobsen and Why Church - Birth, death, conversion and deconversion rates, by World Bank, The Guardian, Pew Forum, Tom Smith and Wikipedia. - Church attendance by Church Leaders, Hadaway, Marler & Chaves, Adherents.comClaude Fischer, PBS, Wikipedia, Nationmaster andFranck & Iannaccone. 1. The model uses 10-year periods from 1900 to 2013. Calculations were done for the west (Europe and North America) and the rest of the world, and then summed to give the global figures. 2. In each period, the data for the previous period was used to calculate the numbers of births and deaths (for the whole community and just for christians), plus conversions to christianity and ‘deconversions’ from christianity. These allowed the values for total population, christian converts, christians by birth and non-christians tro be calculated for the end of the decade. 3. The birth and death rates were adjusted as necessary to allow the known populations to be reproduced by the model. This then determined the births and deaths within the christian community. 4. Then the estimated conversion and deconversion rates were adjusted to accurately reproduce the estimated christian populations. 5. The percentage of the christian community in the ‘converts’ category could then be calculated from the final populations in 2013. 6. All this was done for the referenced values for the overall christian populations – this measures what may be termed christian culture, for it is based on nominal beliefs. To determine the results for what may be termed ‘committed’ christian belief, the figures for the ‘christian populations were amended to reflect church attendance. (These figures were generally lower, e.g. in North America, ‘christians’ comprise about 80% of the population, but church attendance is about 40%.) A second spreadsheet then performed the same calculation to give the second figure. - The only data that could not be obtained and tested by the model was the initial percentages of christian converts in 1900. But the model was run for a range of likely values, and the model was not too sensitive to the starting assumptions – ranges were 29-36% of nominal christians but 46-53% of church attenders. - The results make sense. While christianity in the west is fairly static, it is growing fast in the rest of the world, where about two thirds of the world’s christians now live. I would therefore expect there would be a relatively large number of converts from the rest of the world. - The only other estimate I have seen (by the World Christian Database) gives a lower percentage of converts (about 10%) but (i) the result doesn’t actually measure converts, but the residual of conversions – deconversions, (ii) some of the WCD figures were inconsistent, even within themselves, and (iii) there was no way to obtain the populations shown by the data sources using the WCD figures. - I am therefore happy that the model makes a good attempt to reproduce established data.
A cautionary word to liberals thinking about the fiscal cliff negotiations—it's important to keep in mind that higher tax revenue is a means not an end. The reason a sensible person might want more revenue rather than less in a budget deal is that more revenue might allow you to minimize cuts in spending on worthwhile causes. But at the end of the day the budget of a sovereign state that borrows money in its own currency is all about spending levels. The proper goals of a budget negotiator are to maximize cuts to bad programs and minimize cuts to good ones. When higher taxes helps achieve the latter goal, that's great. When it doesn't, then who cares? The trap you don't want to fall for is the one in which getting "the rich" to "pay their fair share" becomes a political plot to make you swallow a deal you'd otherwise reject. At some iterations of the Obama-Boehner deficit talks it's looked as if Obama's going to ask liberals to give up the store on Social Security and then sugarcoat it with higher taxes on the rich. What's great about the proposal Tim Geithner apparently formally made to the House GOP is that it rejects this formula and does a good job of avoiding cuts to valuable programs and in fact increases spending in some key areas. If you can get that good stuff out of a deal—and it's a big if—then it'd be foolish not to give some ground on the tax side. If you can get a better spending mix with higher taxes, then higher taxes are great. But if you can get a better spending mix with lower taxes, then lower taxes are even better.
If you are selling these digital goods on Envato or any other marketplace you are familiar with the fact that your code is probably nulled and downloaded for free. We are offering a way to find out who is using your theme, plugin or any other code. What you want to do with this information is up to you, we are just helping you to know. If you are working on a script, theme or any other piece of code, or maybe you already have one and you want to know how much it used and on which websites. We can help you get this information and provide you with valuable statistics! Real-time tracking let’s you instantly find out on which domains your plugin, theme or script is used. If you want, you can be updated by email about every activity on your project. Use it everywhere. On your PC, tablet or smartphone device. Tracking script works on every platform or browser. You can use it for Android, iOS and other mobile operations systems. You can also track a partial code like a plugin, script or any kind of code you want. You can hide the tracking code or mask it however you like so it won't be understandable for others. It’s easy, you can start tracking in a minute. Let us show you how. Sign up for Code Track in less than 30 sec. Or you can try in 7 days for free. After your project is created you will get the tracking code. Put it in your project and... Choose from WordPress, plugin, js library, custom or any other. You will instantly see all the domains that are currently using your script. Register today and try all the features for free. Set your stop watch and GO. Get the tracking code and upload it to the web, the rest is on us.Sign up Grab your access today
Client: Can you help us out with some Laptops please? Me: Sure... we got this [Specs Here], this [Specs Here] and also this Client: But these arn't Laptops, these are Notebooks! Me: er... I'm sorry? Client: These are Notebooks! I'm not searching for Notebooks. Do you have any Laptops? Me: Erm.... I'm really sorry sir but we only stock Notebooks
This morning, one of my facebook followers Natalie asked if I had a recipe for Clean Eating Baked Beans. Whilst I have been working my way through some Great British Classics, Baked Beans was one recipe that I hadn’t yet got around to cleaning up…. That is until today! So, thank you Natalie for the inspiration and the push in the right direction! This ones for you! These Clean Eating Baked Beans are so quick and easy to make. With just a few clean eating cupboard staples, you can get this meal together as quick as it takes to reheat a tin of Heinz! – And in my opinion, these taste way better!! You can adapt this recipe to suit you. If you like less beans and more sauce, use a 300g tin of beans. If you prefer more beans and less sauce, use a 400g tin. Either way, it is going to be delicious! You can halve the Maple Syrup and Stock Powder for a less intense flavour, but if you are used to strong sugary beans, you might want to keep them in. Let me know what you think! You may also like Clean Eating Baked Beans - Yield: 2-4 Servings These Clean Eating Baked Beans are so quick and easy to make. With just a few clean eating cupboard staples, you can get this meal together as quick as it takes to reheat a tin of Heinz! - And in my opinion, these taste way better!! - 400 grams (1 tin) Haricot or Cannelini Beans (or 300g tin for more saucy beans) - 250 ml Passata no sugar added - 1 Tablespoons Pure Maple Syrup (try half for less sweet beans) - 1/2 Tablespoon Tomato Puree - 1-2 Teaspoons Bouillion Stock Powder reduced salt, organic if possible - 1 teaspoon Apple Cider Vinegar - 1 pinch Ground Black Pepper - 1/8 teaspoon Onion Powder (onion granuals) - 1/8 teaspoon Garlic Powder (optional) - Drain and rinse the beans with water in a colander. - Place all of the ingredients into a saucepan and stir occasionally whilst bringing to the boil. - Once bubbling reduce the heat and simmer over a medium/low heat for 3 - 4 minutes or until the beans are completely heated through. - Serve or cool and store in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. I haven't tried it, but I'm pretty sure these would freeze well too.
"From the moment I met her, Beth 'wowed' me with her knowledge, insight, and level-headedness. Her balanced approach to nutrition and wellness is 100% in-line with my own, which is why I am thrilled to have her as a resource for my clients who need personalized nutrition counseling." "Beth is great! I want to address high cholesterol and weight management with diet and lifestyle changes instead of medication, and Beth's balanced approach backed up by solid knowledge is making a huge difference to my well-being. She is friendly and empathetic, and always willing to address my specific concerns. Very highly recommended!" “Thanks to Beth’s expertise and guidance, I’ve learned in depth about my specific nutritional needs and listen to my body. As a result, I’ve been able to manage my weight, make smarter choices, and my allergies have become practically non-existant. I can’t say enough good things about Beth! Satisfied customer right here.” "Beth genuinely cares for the people she encounters. As a counselor, she is an active listener and has the ability to assess one's level of readiness for change and meet them where they are and modify her plan of care accordingly. Balance! Beth is a proponent of ensuring that one has a sense of balance. She acknowledges that each person is on their own journey and has their own core belief system. Whether she is encouraging daily steps to stay in balance physically, or maintaining a balanced mindset, she lends individualized tips, advice and counsel with an end goal of helping that person strive for a balanced lifestyle. “Beth Danowsky is ahead of her peers... Much of the dietary community still believes in the Standard American Diet, yet I have been hearing the importance of ‘good fats’, Omega 3s and Functional Medicine since I worked with Beth back in 2010. Ask yourself, ‘what do I want?’ Is it a compassionate, knowledgeable yet straightforward practitioner to assist you on your path to health? Beth Danowsky is who you are looking for.” "I've worked with Beth on many levels over the years, and she has approached every one of those interactions with the same thoughtful, empathetic and enthusiastic attitude. I would never, ever turn down an opportunity to work with Beth!"
Police say Andrew Thompson had stolen a Grand Prix before his high-speed joyride ended when he crossed center-line and hit a truck Millsboro, Del.- The Delaware State Police report that the Crash Reconstruction Unit has positively identified the man that was killed in the two vehicle crash that occurred on Dec. 16, 2014 on SR 24 in Millsboro as Andrew S. Thompson, 20, of Lewes, DE. The initial investigation has determined that the crash occurred on Tuesday, December 16, 2014, at approximately 12:57 a.m., as Thompson was operating a 2002 Pontiac Grand Prix and was traveling in a westbound direction on SR 24 (John J. Williams Highway), just west of CR 298 (Legion Road), at an apparent high rate of speed. Thompson then lost control of the vehicle causing it to cross the center line of the roadway and enter into the eastbound lane. The front of the Grand Prix then struck the front of a 2007 Dodge Ram 3500 that was being operated by Mark A. Bradford, 29, of Millsboro, DE, and which was traveling in an eastbound direction on SR 24. Thompson was not only piloting a stolen car at a high rate of speed, but unlucky for him he failed to fasten his seat belt – a fatal mistake. During the investigation it was determined that the Pontiac had recently been stolen from Sunny’s Auto Sales located at 25924 John J. Williams Highway, in Millsboro. Mark Bradford, who was properly restrained at the time of the crash, was trapped in his vehicle which became engulfed in flames. He was freed, however, with the assistance of several witnesses. Bradford was removed from the scene by EMS and transported to Beebe Healthcare where he is being treated for his non-life threatening injuries. The investigation into this crash by the Delaware State Police Crash Reconstruction Unit is on-going and no charges are expected. John J. Williams Highway between Oak Road and Legion Road was closed for approximately four hours as the crash was investigated and cleared. Elderly woman killed when she struck utility pole The initial investigation has determined that the crash occurred at approximately 9:45 a.m., Tuesday, December 16, 2014, as Mary A. Frisbie, 86, of Newark, DE, was operating a 2000 Dodge Stratus and was traveling westbound on Ogletown-Stanton Road east of the intersection of SR4 and Old Churchman’s Road, Newark. For an unknown reason, Frisbie’s vehicle exited the north side of the roadway where it then struck a utility pole and came to a rest. Mary Frisbie, who was properly restrained at the time of the crash, was removed from the scene by EMS and transported to the Christiana Hospital Trauma Center where she was pronounced dead a short time later. A 95-year-old front seat passenger in Frisbie’s vehicle, Arthur Frisbie (husband) was also removed from the scene by EMS and transported to the Christiana Hospital Trauma Center where he was admitted with non-life threatening injuries. Arthur Frisbie was also properly restrained at the time of the crash. The investigation into this crash by the Delaware State Police Crash Reconstruction Unit is continuing. HI HO, HI HO, IT’S OFF TO ROB WE GO! New Castle, Del.- The Delaware State Police report that they are currently investigating two armed robberies which occurred within minutes of each other last night in New Castle. The first robbery occurred at approximately 9:05 p.m., Tuesday, December 16, 2014, as a male suspect entered the BP Gas Station located at 601 N. DuPont Highway, New Castle. The suspect then displayed a handgun and confronted a 24 year old male employee. He then demanded money from the cash register. The clerk complied with the suspect’s demands and turned over an undisclosed amount of money to the suspect. The suspect then fled in an unknown direction. The clerk was not injured. The suspect was described as a Hispanic male, 27-35 years of age. He was 5’10” tall and weighed approximately 180 lbs. He was also seen wearing blue jeans, a black raincoat, and had a grey scarf covering his face. He was also armed with an unknown make and model handgun. The second robbery occurred at approximately 9:22 p.m. as a male suspect entered the BP Gas Station located at 1 Jay Drive, New Castle. The suspect produced an unknown make and model handgun and then confronted a 65 year old male employee. He then demanded money from the cash register. The employee complied with the suspect’s demands and turned over an undisclosed amount of money to him. The suspect then fled from the store in an unknown direction. The clerk was not injured. The suspect is described as a black male with a light complexion. He was last seen wearing a red hooded sweatshirt, black sweatpants, white sneakers, and had a scarf covering his face. He was also armed with a handgun. There is no further physical or clothing description available. No video surveillance footage is available at this time. If anyone has any information in reference to this incident they are asked to contact the robbery unit at Troop 2, Glasgow, at 302-834-2630 or by utilizing the Delaware State Police Mobile Crime Tip Application available to download at: delaware.gov/apps/. Information may also be provided by calling Delaware Crime Stoppers at 1-800-TIP-3333, via the internet at www.tipsubmit.com, or by sending an anonymous tip by text to 274637 (CRIMES) using the keyword “DSP.” G-Men & Delaware Sleuths finger Marece M. Scott for two bank jobs Glasgow, Del.- Delaware State Police Troop 2 robbery unit detectives are seeking the public’s help in locating a suspect who is currently wanted in connection with two armed bank robberies that occurred in Bear in 2012 and 2013. As the result of a long term joint investigation conducted by the Delaware State Police and the FBI in Wilmington, Marece M. Scott, 29, has been positively identified as the suspect who committed the armed robberies of the Artisan’s Bank located at 1124 Pulaski Highway, Bear, on October 25, 2012, and again on January 18, 2013. In both instances the armed suspect who had a mask covering his face, vaulted over the teller counter and demanded cash from the bank employees. He then jumped back over the counter and fled the bank. There were no injuries in either incident. Marece Scott is described as a black male, 6’02” tall and 195 lbs. He is last known to reside in the 700 block of W. 3rd Street, Chester, PA and the 6600 block of Haddington Lane, Philadelphia, PA. He is currently wanted for six counts of Robbery 1st degree and two counts of Wearing a Disguise during the Commission of a Felony. Marece Scott should be considered armed and dangerous and should not be approached. If anyone has any information in reference to the location of Marece M. Scott, they are asked to contact Detective Daniel Grassi at 302-365-8441 or Special Agent Scott Duffey at 302-218-6252 or by utilizing the Delaware State Police Mobile Crime Tip Application available to download at: http://www.delaware.gov/apps/. Information may also be provided by calling Delaware Crime Stoppers at 1-800-TIP-3333, via the internet at www.tipsubmit.com, or by sending an anonymous tip by text to 274637 (CRIMES) using the keyword “DSP.”
Just because I went backwards in every way yesterday doesn’t mean anything about today! So far, it isn’t windy, so far, the cat is sleeping next to me. Admittedly eight new action items came in between 6 am and 7:30, but that doesn’t mean I won’t get eight things done before 9. I have to think like an ant; it’s really what I do. I just put my head down and work while the sun shines. I still hold tight to the fantasy that there will come a day in the near future when for whatever brief moment, I am “caught up.” Today is Jean’s last day in Tucson before she heads off to Florida for Segway-riding, alligator rafting, and sword swallowing, and we’ve got a movie and a trip to Electric Larryland planned, but aside from that, I’ll be in the dining room, answering email, tracking packages, answering email, sending things out, answering email. I have developed a new, keen appreciation for people who communicate succinctly and have a new plan to become one of those people. Last night, all of the blossoms blew off of the huge palo verde tree (before they even opened, sadly) and this morning the pool was filled with assorted leaves, sticks, dust and sludge, but I’ve got most of it out now. The wind was an unfortunate allegory; it illustrated the somewhat helpless sense that I have regarding this moment in my work-life. I should have bought this at the thrift shop.
as some of you may know my dad was diagnosed with stage IV colon cancer last spring. he went through an arduous stint of chemotherapy and went in remission. we had hope for a few years reprieve, but sadly, it only lasted a few months: the cancer returned over the fall, invading the liver alongside the colon. we talked, we knew. this morning my sister called, said dad had asked each of us to call to say goodbye. when I did, I could barely understand him… he's slipping away. the last thing I heard was "don't call me anymore". it has been a long day. I've been sitting at the computer reading mail, listening to music, and for the first time all day, I began to cry when this song came on: Sarah V's interpretation is giving me chills – I've been playing it over and over – especially the end. goodnight dad. and may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
Next year at fall break I'll be thinking, What did we do last year? Then I'll remember that fall break was basically three days of doing nothing, coming to the realization on Tuesday morning that I had a ton of stuff to do, and then a blur of work. I had some vague idea of working ahead so that my future weekends wouldn't be so swamped, but that didn't happen. I did get my lesson plan templates set up for the rest of the academic year, though, which was tedious but will make my life easier going forward. And I also researched easier ways to do things I'm already doing, like making PowerPoint presentations from my Cornell notes (yes, PPT can import documents from Word, but only if they're in outline format - no problem!) The offspring had very few desires: go to Zia, sleep as much as possible. My own list was similarly short: go to the Desert Botanical Garden, sleep, and catch up on work. Unfortunately achieving the last did, in the end, take a chunk out of the second, but we did make it to the garden. It was already early afternoon when we arrived, and the boys were starving. We had a spectacular lunch at Gertrude's, out on the patio. I was completely charmed by the families of quail that wandered through periodically, and the one cottontail who snacked on a nearby aloe. All of them were un-photographable because of the interplay of light and shadow -- no fill-in flash I possess would've been enough to catch them. Never mind the fact that they never stood still. So by the time we started walking the trails (my favorite trail was closed!), it was close to 3:30 and the afternoon sun was gorgeous. The cacti were glowing, and neither my little point-and-shoot (whose battery died about 30 minutes in) nor my iPhone camera could do it justice. That was a high point, but not the only one. I made a number of nice dinners and we ate outside as often as we could, just enjoying the food, the wine, the weather, and the company, and it was lovely.
Going down OpenWrap’s rabbit hole, the first thing you do is retrieve a fresh copy of o.exe, the Command shell. At a whopping 32k (for the debug build), you could get the initial file in 234 text messages. Lets open the file straight from the web site, and we’re greeted by installation options. The OpenWrap shell is not installed on this machine. Do you want to: (i) install the shell and make it available on the path? (c) use the current executable location and make it available on the path? (n) do nothing? I think the options are quite self-explanatory, but let’s recap: - (i) will copy o.exe to ~/AppData/Local/OpenWrap/ and add this path to your PATH environment variable for the current user - (c) will simply add an o.exe.link file in ~/AppData/Local/OpenWrap/ and add this path to your PATH - (n) will do nothing this time around and run o.exe as normal. Let’s choose the first option OpenWrap packages not found. Attempting download. Downloading http://wraps.openwrap.org/bootstrap [....................] Downloading http://wraps.openwrap.org/wraps/openwrap-18.104.22.16879169.wrap [.............] Expanding pacakge... # OpenWrap v22.214.171.124 ['C:\Users\sebastien.lambla\AppData\Local\OpenWrap\wraps\_cache\openwrap-126.96.36.19979169'] Command was not understood. Type 'help' to get a list of supported commands. I do hope that this is also quite self-explanatory, but just in case… When the shell tries to execute the first time, it will not find the OpenWrap packages anywhere. At that stage, it will go to the openwrap web-site and download the bootstrap packages to the correct location, which is just a list of URIs to download in a text file. Once all this is done (and notice the wonderful typo in the output, you can check on github that this is all live code), the shell can now delegate to the openwrap code itself to parse the command. And as there was no command (remember, we started the application from a web browser), the system tells us that the command was not understood. I tried to make it more complicated but I just didn’t have the time.
BlakRoc Chevy Camaro The other day we reported already about BlakRoc, the collaboration between The Black Keys and some of the biggest names in hip hop, including Mos Def, Q-Tip, RZA, Raekwon, Pharoahe Monch, Jim Jones, NOE, Nicole Wray and Billy Danze. Here we give you a look at the new BlakRoc Chevy Camaro. “Carl Black Chevrolet will be the world wide exclusive outlet to offer the official BlakRoc Chevy Camaro. The 2010 Chevy Camaro speaks for itself with its sculptured body and passionate engineering that left nothing to be desired. Carl Black has simply added the sizzle to match the passion and creativity of the BlakRoc project. From the ground up, the BlakRoc Camaro has been equipped with sleek, stylish accents that tie in with the BlakRoc brand. Starting with the BR logo inlayed front and center. Blacking it out turns up the heat. The windows are tinted, the taillights are smoked, and even the Chevy bow tie goes dark to complete the look. The Black on Black classic combination subtly comes to life with flat black racing stripes front to back with the BlakRoc logo inlayed in metallic on the hood and rear spoiler. Interior includes the BlakRoc logo embedded in custom design kick plates and black on black BR logo custom embroidered on center console.” CLOT x Subcrew “Juice Shanghai” Opening T-Shirt Some of you might have already heard about the new Juice Shanghai store. For the opening CLOT will be presenting three collaborative items and here we take a look at the first one. They worked with Hong Kong’s Subcrew on the “dailunwokism” t-shirt. It comes in several colorways and is exclusively available at Juice Shanghai. Bape Holiday 2009 Bapex Clear The Bapex Clear watch returns for Holiday 2009, this time in three colorways – gold, silver and black. The watch features colored faces and a clear wristband and case. Tony Hawk RIDE Grab your board and start that grind in the living room. No, you don’t need a ramp to do this and it won’t be a destructive experience– not with the new Tony Hawk: RIDE game from Activision which also brought the world Guitar Hero. RIDE is not your average skateboarding game as it comes with a motion sensor deck controller which enables the player to experience the true joys of skateboarding. Tilt, turn and lift for tricky maneuvers as you would on an actual deck without the helmets or knee pads. The bundle is now available for purchase online via retailers such as Walmart, Amazon and GameStop. Levi’s Fenom - Metallic DISCO Flannel Western Shirt The newest product to be released from the Levi’s Japan Fenom line that is a collaboration between Levi’s Japan and Hiroshi Fujiwara’s fragment design are these new Metallic DISCO Flannel Western Shirts that are available in two colors, Red or Navy. The Western Shirt features a traditional silhouette but with various added details and branding including studs across the chest, a hidden chest pocket, and of course Fenom branding. Louis Vuitton - 2010 Monogram Voile Stole For 2010, Louis Vuitton created a new Monogram voile stole that detracts slightly from the label’s classic subdued look and went for the brighter and cheerier styles as seen in the Stephen Sprouse collaboration and Kanye West designed sneakers. Featuring a mix of classic monogram and stars, the colorful stole that entwines around in a mix of colors ranging from an opulent maroon to powder blue, white and a cooler black, the embroidered stole will instantly spruce up any outfit or sweater.
The Alabama Stitch book inspired me to start embroidering on these little muslin bags. Natalie describes "loving your thread" before you start stitching. Basically, while you're running your fingers over your thread to straighten it you say to yourself "I'm making this special for someone I love." I thought that was completely adorable. These were stitched without any knots or a plan. I just let the needle guide me. I start stitching on the outside of the bag and leave the frayed ends as part of the look I want to achieve. I've been unable to post regularly because personal matters have taken up a lot of my attention. Ever since my Gram died, we've been under constant attack by our neighbors regarding the remodeling of our home. It's been a very trying time and we certainly would appreciate your prayers. As you can tell, I'm thinking a lot about homes and trees. A person's home is so very personal. It is a place where your heart is, it's your sanctuary and somewhere you should feel safe. Unfortunately, a lot of that has been ripped away from us. I feel very sad about it because Buck and I were so excited to have a new home and now we're just trying to finish it so we can sell it and move away. We've found some places in Montana with a lot of acreage, so maybe that's where we'll end up. I've always wanted to move back and maybe God is telling me that now is the time. Life is too short to live in a place where people watch your every move and literally hate you. It gives me an upset stomach which causes me to lose weight. I guess that's a bonus. I pray every day to remain calm in the middle of the storm. I've had a lot of storms in my life and I'm getting to the age where I'd really like to have less of them. If it means moving away, well then I guess that's what we'll have to do. I'm sad, but it's just a house. My heart is broken but it needs to heal somewhere else.
The alarm sings at 6am. I pull thick curtains back in the dark bedroom, shield sleepy eyes from swathes of sunlight cascading through cottage windows. Lift the hinge on the wooden door and walk into the vast length of quiet house toward the kitchen, where the tea kettle awaits the push of the lever. Standing in front of a bank of windows as coils heat the water, I survey the garden graced with golden highlights and watch birds flit between branches, inserting myself into the rhythms of life God creates with each turn of the earth on its axis. Alone in a beautiful place, desperation and desire surface when I am prone toward utility, to push and force production. I am waiting for God in the stillness, to do what I know I cannot do myself. I desire God but when I am busy, I’m uncertain about what it is that he desires from me. “When we cut ourselves off from awareness of our desire, we cut ourselves off from the very invitation of God into the intimacy we seek.” Ruth Haley Barton, Silence and Solitude Returning to the warm cocoon of sheets with a steeping cup of tea, I open scriptures, read a chapter in a new book, highlight, meander in the land of Google on a search for definition; journal six pages of lined paper while intermittently staring out the window, attempting to make sense of new horizons of thought. But creative inspiration plummets the minute I look at the clock, gasping in revelation. Lingering to listen for nearly three hours results in a mental halt and sitting in front of the computer blanketed by shame. Still in pajamas, the cursor blinks on an empty page. Not one word has been written on the project I’m tucked away in the Cotswolds to write. I want to stay in the intimate presence of God but time ticks, pushing me to produce. I am measuring success in word counts while God measures success in the unseen attentive heart that longs to wait on him first. We discount time as wasted when it cannot be measured by what we produce. Equate time as utilitarian and quickly assess your worth as not enough and less than. When the house is finally quiet, linger in prayer instead of cleaning up dirty dishes and the shaming voice of utility says you’re a failure at housekeeping. Be quick to ponder the Truth and slow to respond to your inbox and shame attempts to convince you are irresponsible. Read a book that inspires transformation and hear the accuser name you slack and lazy. How many times have I felt the sting of failure that comes in declaring, “I’ve accomplished very little,” only to realize that reflection and contemplation are required work, not a waste, for the opus of creative imagination. Our most important work is accomplished by enjoying the Creator, not checking off a list. Dare to wait on God and pull back the curtain on what you fear the most – being known, found out and counted of little value — and find true belonging in the time marked as unproductive. Success comes in discerning a still, small voice repeating, “I see you. I know you. I love you!” And then believing it. We cannot fully rest until we are prepared to receive first. Time for considering the ways of God is not time wasted but a seed of desire planted that will eventually bloom and bear fruit. Download our free printable June calendar with daily prompts from Chapter 6 in Rhythms of Rest: Stop or Be Forced to Stop. Because when we forget God is in control of what he creates, a forced Sabbath is a reorientation so we’ll remember. And just in time for summer, download a copy of Rhythms of Rest on your Kindle for $1.25 in the US and £.96 in the UK. What a steal of a deal!
December 22, 2016 (++++) IT’S ALL ABOUT THE ART Dog Man #2: Dog Man Unleashed. By Dav Pilkey. Graphix/Scholastic. $9.99. Nobody Is Perfick. By Bernard Waber. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. $9.99. The whole point of these books is to be fun to look at – and it’s a pretty good point. Yes, Dav Pilkey’s Dog Man Unleashed has a plot – a convoluted, over-complicated one, in fact – and yes, Bernard Waber’s Nobody Is Perfick has some points to make, rather gently. But neither the story nor the homilies will be the main reason kids will enjoy these books: it is the art that will attract young readers and keep them interested. Pilkey is best known for the Captain Underpants books, “created” by made-up kids named George Beard and Harold Hutchins – this explains the drawing style and a lot of the plot elements. Dog Man Unleashed, a sequel to Dog Man, is cut from the same cloth, then woven and raveled or unraveled to provide much the same level of coverage of all things silly. Dog Man is a dog-headed cop – the stitches holding his head to his body are seen clearly – created when a bad-guy cat blew up a top cop and his top-dog canine helper, killing the man’s head (but not his body) and the dog’s body (but not his head). A touch of magical mystery surgery later and, ta da! Dog Man. In Dog Man Unleashed, our hero has to try to cope with his doggy instincts, which include licking all the bones in a pet shop and preferring smelly dead fish to live ones – and inevitably, one of his instincts, playing with a ball, eventually saves the day. He also has to deal with reporter Sarah Hatoff, rescue dog Zuzu, an evil fish, the continued depredations of Petey the Cat (the evil mastermind who inadvertently led to the creation of Dog Man in the first place), a new and completely flat Petey based shamelessly on Jeff Brown’s Flat Stanley, a reanimated carnivorous dinosaur – well, the list goes on (and on), but rest assured that Dog Man is equal to all challenges, even those coming from Dr. Boog E. Feeva, the local witch doctor, whose prescriptions include “living spray” and “obey spray.” The puns and ridiculous plotting spray pretty much everywhere, and that makes Dog Man Unleashed fun for parents as well as kids (assuming kids will give up this graphic novel long enough for parents to read it). Pilkey channels his inner George and Harold so well that it is hard to be absolutely, 100% sure that Pilkey is real and George and Harold are his creations. It just might be the other way around. We ought to put Dog Man on the case: something about all this smells fishy. Like Pilkey, Waber (1924-2013) is best known for something other than the newest release under his name: he was the author of Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile and the series that followed. But back in 1971, in the days well before graphic novels, Waber created a kind of proto-graphic-novel – actually a series of stories – called Nobody Is Perfick, in which every page has a mixture of cartoon drawings and words, and the stories are told through the combination. Waber’s style here is vaguely reminiscent of Jules Feiffer’s: his characterizations come through clearly in these black-and-white drawings, in which the kids tend to be shown in less detail than their surroundings. The expressiveness of the characters’ faces is one wonderful element here. Another is the way Waber captures some of the not-wholly-intentional cruelties of children to each other. “Say Something Nice,” for instance, involves a boy named Arthur talking to a girl named Harriet and saying only things that he knows she feels are not nice, starting with “lizards,” “spiders,” and “creepy things,” and eventually escalating to “monsters” that “are crawling out of caves” and have the kids surrounded. Harriet gets more and more frightened, or seems to – but when her mother calls her to come inside, Harriet tells Arthur how much fun he is and says she wants to get together again the next day, leaving Arthur at the end with nothing to say but, “Grrr.” In “That Was Some Daydream,” a girl doing math homework is determined to focus and not have a daydream, and goes through a series of contortions (some literal) to avoid the daydream that, inevitably, she has anyway. “No Rain Again Today” is a complaint against sunny weather by a boy with new rain gear. In “Sitting Up Straight,” a boy says – and shows – how his best intentions to sit alertly in class gradually turn into a slump. These and the other stories here explore the everyday trials and tribulations of childhood in a way that makes the mundane special. And Waber’s wry humor is everywhere, most clearly in “Peter Perfect: The Story of a Perfect Boy,” which goes on and on telling about and showing all the ways in which Peter is 100% perfect, only to reveal at the end that no such boy is or ever could be real. That will be a relief to readers who rediscover Nobody Is Perfick – or, more likely, discover the book and all its charms for the first time in this new edition.
In the Wall Street Journal, Historian John Q. Wilson writes the speech he thinks George Bush should deliver on Iraq: We are winning, and winning decisively, in Iraq and the Middle East. We defeated Saddam Hussein’s army in just a few weeks. None of the disasters that many feared would follow our invasion occurred. Our troops did not have to fight door to door to take Baghdad. The Iraqi oil fields were not set on fire. There was no civil war between the Sunnis and the Shiites. There was no grave humanitarian crisis. Saddam Hussein was captured and is awaiting trial. His two murderous sons are dead. Most of the leading members of Saddam’s regime have been captured or killed. After our easy military victory, we found ourselves inadequately prepared to defeat the terrorist insurgents, but now we are prevailing. Iraq has held free elections in which millions of people voted. A new, democratic constitution has been adopted that contains an extensive bill of rights. Discrimination on the basis of gender, religion, or politics is banned. Soon the Iraqis will be electing their first parliament. An independent judiciary exists, almost all public schools are open, every hospital is functioning, and oil sales have increased sharply. In most parts of the country, people move about freely and safely…. The progress of democracy and reconstruction has occurred faster in Iraq than it did in Germany 60 years ago, even though we have far fewer troops in the Middle East than we had in Germany after Hitler was defeated. We grieve deeply over every lost American and coalition soldier, but we also recognize what those deaths have accomplished. A nation the size of California, with 25 million inhabitants, has been freed from tyranny, equipped with a new democratic constitution, and provided with a growing new infrastructure that will help every Iraqi and not just the privileged members of a brutal regime…. We made no mistake ending Saddam’s rule. We have brought not only freedom to Iraq, but progress to most of the Middle East. America should be proud of what it has accomplished. America will not cut and run until the Iraqis can manage their own security, and that will happen soon. I got into lots of blog hot water once when I said that much of Bush’s problem is a PR problem. Yes, that was too glib. But I am still amazed that for all the spinning he does, he’s still bad at it. He should hire Wilson as his speechwriter. 1. I have put my expected gain ahead of the well-being of the people of the United States. In seeking to maximize my wealth and the wealth of my family and close friends, I have ordered our military to invade Iraq. My objective was to grab half the Iraqi oil – worth $50 billion per year, and rising. 2. In implementing my attempt to grab Iraq’s oil, I have caused the deaths of more than 2000 Americans and uncounted tens of thousands of Iraqis. I have also caused the maiming of thousands of Americans and Iraqis. I have also wasted hundreds of billions of dollars of US Treasury funds in fighting the war in Iraq. This is why wikitorial was doomed to fail. This is how far apart we are on our interpretations of what is happening in Iraq.
Last week, I was having a bad week dealing with my car (which is finally fixed). Thursday afternoon we got some pretty good showers and Chris left work early. He went shopping for me something to cheer me up. I thought he was just at the house the entire time. I get to the house and we are getting ready to fix dinner. I made some smart ass comment to him and he just looks at the pups and tells them that he doesn't think he should give me my present anymore. I was confused, but eventually he pulls up his shirt to expose a little black case attached to his belt. He had bought me a new gun!!! I know, I know, girls are supposed to get jewely and flowers. Not me. My man gets me a pistol. So, everyone, here is the newest addition to our gun collection. A Taurus .380 TCP Last night, I was again reminded how great of a catch he is. Chris has always been great with children and it always brings a smile to my face to see him with kids. To us, our pups are like our children. They are spoiled and typically do what they want and get what they want. They go everywhere with us and are hardly every left at home. We were at the house last night after having dinner with my parents. We were down to one rawhide bone for the boys. Worried about a fight, Chris said we should probably just put it up and I did. Then he disappeared off into another room and reappeared with a hand saw. He actually cut the bone in half so there was no fight and no one had to do without. He is going to be such a wonderful dad!!! There are so many times I wonder how it is that I got so lucky!
Hi readers! I thought I’d take a moment before launching into the post to introduce my sister, Sarah Callahan who will be writing occasional fitness themed articles for my blog! Sarah also went to Mizzou’s J-School and has a journalism background, so she’s a writer at heart. When she isn’t exploring fitness classes throughout the city of Chicago she works in marketing for 120 Sports, a cool new all-sports video network built for the digital generation! These days, everything can be done via an on-demand, concierge-like service. Whether it’s dry cleaning, grocery shopping or an alcohol delivery app, it’s possible to receive all the necessities in life without ever leaving the comfort of your home. When I was approached to try out RightFit Personal Training, the first thing that drew me in were those very same attributes; ease of service and simplicity we’re all accustomed to and enjoy. RightFit is a personal training service that pairs you with a trainer based upon an extensive online survey process. It is similar to any of the well-known and comprehensive online dating services, but instead of pairing you with a potential mate, they set you up with your perfect personal training match! The more specific you are in your survey, the higher quality matches you receive. The goal is to find you a trainer you are comfortable working with long-term toward your fitness goals. The survey started with a series of basic questions such as ranking your current fitness level, the neighborhood you’d like to train in, a price point you are comfortable with paying per session and if you prefer a male or female trainer. Next, it got a bit more specific to explore your personal fitness goals- what fitness components are you interested in (i.e. muscular strength, flexibility, body composition, etc.) and your short term and long term goals. As the website suggested, I was very honest with my survey and explained my goals: wanting to improve my body composition, decreasing fat and increasing muscle, as well as working on an overall leaner body structure, specifically leaner legs. I explained that though I am currently very active and consider myself to be quite fit, working-out 5-6 times a week and attending a variety of fitness classes, I still have not been able to attain my ideal body. Less than an hour after completing the survey, I was contacted by Matt, the owner of RightFit, with a profile on Kim, a trainer he thought would be a great fit based on my needs. Kim’s experience in interval training, kettlebells and strength training definitely seemed like a great match. Since I have a gym in my apartment building, he suggested that she come over to my place for the session. Not having to leave my apartment building and getting a great work-out in? I couldn’t have asked for anything better! If you do want to get out of your home or don’t have an in-home gym for use, there are several gyms to train at in each Chicago neighborhood that they help to coordinate for you. Kim showed up at my building at 7:00am on the dot Friday morning filled with energy. I was really impressed by how prepared Kim was, bringing extra equipment with her to my apartment including her own mat and resistance bands. She explained that typically the first session is simply an assessment to get to know my body and goals, but since I wanted to get a full review of the service for Beyond ExpecTastetions, she also planned to add in a quick circuit work-out at the end of the session for me to learn and try out. The initial functional movement assessment was immensely beneficial, as I’ve never really explored the strengths and weaknesses of different parts of my body so thoroughly. Kim started off by doing a quick evaluation of my body position- examining the way I hold my head and shoulders all the way down to the alignment of my legs and feet. I really liked that she explained each component of my body and helped with realigning my movements and to ensure I was maintaining proper form. Next, we moved on to a movement analysis to assess my ability to maintain proper joint alignment. We did a series of leg balances & leg straightening techniques using a resistance band to assess the alignment of my legs to the rest of my body. It was pretty evident that my hips & legs are a bit uneven since I had a really hard time lifting my left leg up perpendicularly to my body and holding it there in a balance (you can see me struggling in the picture!) Throughout the rest of the session Kim made sure to go back to our key movement techniques to help realign my hips and legs. It was great that it wasn’t something she evaluated at the beginning and then forgot about; we went back to it several times throughout the session. She never made me feel uncomfortable that my body was a bit out of line, reassuring me that she saw this all the time and citing several reasons it may happen and how we can fix it. I was really impressed by her knowledge on the human body. Following the movement assessment, Kim helped to evaluate my form for several key movements: push-up and planks, as well as dead lifts, squats and dead bug sit-ups (kind of like a combination of bicycle sit-ups and reverse crunches). I was pretty familiar with most of these exercises from my prior fitness experience, but Kim was particularly helpful in correcting my dead lift and squat form. Something that I thought was really cool was that Kim had me remove my shoes for these exercises. When the arches of my gym shoes weren’t constricting my feet, it made it MUCH easier for me to perform each movement (just be careful not to drop the weights on your feet!) Kim made minor adjustments in my posture for both the dead lifts and the squats that made the exercises SO much more effective like keeping my shoulders and butt way farther back then I was used to. Finally, we went through the 15 minute circuit Kim had promised me: 5 dead lifts, 5 squats with weight, 10 dead bug sit ups, 45 second weighted walk, as many reps as possible in 15 minutes. I was very conscious to make the adjustments that Kim had suggested in each of the different exercises and felt great running through the circuit. Even though I only performed the circuit for a total of 15 minutes, I definitely felt a burn throughout my body based on the movements Kim chose. Some of the best advice that Kim gave me during the session was that it is important to take your time while going through circuits and not to rush. Since I am frequently attending circuit training and HIIT (high intensity interval training) classes at studios throughout Chicago, I am used to quick intervals and rushing from one exercise to the next. I thought it was incredibly interesting that Kim explained that I would see more changes in my body by using higher (heavier) weights and take my time, rather than trying to get in a higher number of reps. The RightFit Personal Training sign up was an incredibly easy process and Kim’s session was one of the most beneficial hours of fitness and training I have experienced in a while. There is no reason not to give an intro session a try (if you’re energetic and love to learn, I definitely recommend Kim!). All you have to do is fill out the survey here to get started: http://www.rightfitpersonaltraining.com/for-trainees/find-your-right-fit/ **Sarah received a complimentary assessment and session courtesy of RightFit Personal Training for review but all her opinions are her own
2011 Artist of the Month Club The Artist of the Month Club (AMC) is a limited edition-by-subscription project launched by INVISIBLE-EXPORTS in 2009. Each year, twelve curators are assembled and are each assigned one month. For their month, they choose an artist who creates a work of art exclusive to AMC. The list of curators is available at the beginning of each year, but subscribers do not know the identity of the artists beforehand. Each month, one artwork arrives by mail, accompanied by a signed and numbered certificate of authenticity. Artworks may take any size or form. Each year’s edition is limited to 50 subscribers.CURATORS: Patrick Ansellem, Bengala, Annette Carlozzi, Lauren Cornell, Carlton DeWoody, Tom Eccles. Todd Levin, Amy Mackie, Risa Needleman, Richard Philips, Stacy Switzer, Simon Watson. Peregrine Honig, Cody Critcheloe, DIS Magazine, Leigh Ledare, Ana Prvacki, Alisa Baremboym, Paul P., Brian Leo, Hannah Greely, Matthew Gamber, Cauleen Smith, Mike Bouchet. Edition of 50 FOR MORE INFO: artistofthemonthclub.com ** Additional shipping charges apply for INTERNATIONAL subscribers. Please contact us with your location for shipping rates **
NO WAIT TIME! 24 hours/7 days a week Emergency Room Care in Arlington, TX. What We Treat Here are some of the emergencies that we treat: - Accidental Poisoning - Abdominal Pain - Ankle Injuries - Back Pain - Chest Pain - Cat/Dog Bites - Eye Injuries - Heart Stroke - Insect Bites - Serious Infections - Sports Injury/Sprains - and much more - Allergic Reactions - Acute Arthritis - Abscess and Cellulitis - Bladder Infections - Blood Clots - Fever / Flu - Colds and Coughs - Ear Infections/Aches - Skin Rashes - and many more Imaging and Laboratory Services We offer the following on-site imaging and laboratory services: At PrimeCare we are one of the leading emergency rooms in Arlington, offering no wait time. We strive to provide incomparable customer service in a professional work environment without compromising on quality. Our 24-hour ER facility is licensed by the State of Texas as a certified free-standing emergency room. We deliver sophisticated emergency treatment services for all types of injuries and illnesses. Our highly talented medical staff and experienced emergency care doctors are committed to facilitate timely ER care, whenever it is needed. PrimeCare’s vision is inspired by our patients, community and culture, which is also a key factor influencing our purpose. We aim to provide exemplary emergency care that is committed to the better health of our patients and community with a compassionate and respectful attitude. Our top priority is to meet and exceed our customers’ expectations at all times without compromising on quality. We understand how important it is to access instant medical care in times of an emergency, that’s why at PrimeCare we are here to treat any type of illness and injury that you are experiencing. Make sure you are up-to-date with all of our policies. We at PrimeCare are responsible for offering medical screening examination to all customers, regardless of their ability to pay for the treatment. In case the screening exam depicts that the patient is in danger then PrimeCare is required to stabilize the patient immediately without putting their ability to pay for the treatment as a prime concern. An emergency involves: A medical condition that consists of serious pain that would allow a layperson having average knowledge of health and medicine to assume that the patient’s conditions, injury or illness is one that requires instant medical attention and could cause: * Severe Body Impairments * Putting the patient’s health in grave danger * Serious Organ Dysfunction * Critical Disfigurement * In the case of a pregnant woman, harsh implication to the health of a fetus See what our patients have to say about their service. Amazing, keep up the good work. Everyone was very nice, made me feel so much better. Thank you for everything. PrimeCare you are the best. The medical staff is amazing. I will definitely come again. Came in with my daughter and she was not feeling well. Everyone was very nice to me. Have not seen that much caring before. They even check on my daughter a lot. I will come here again. Thank you. Best clinic ever. Staff are so lovely and nice. I was treated more than words can express. Top of the line service and staff. This was the quickest and the friendliest ER experience I think I’ve ever had. Everyone was so great! Definitely give it five stars! They were very great! This place is now my go to place when feeling bad. I came in with pain up to my elbow. I was treated with care and respect and I’m very thankful that I’m not feeling the pain I had before. The best staff care. Thank you. So happy I found you. Love this place. So nice & professional. Terrific job. Nice employees, very helpful. The staff and doctor were great. There was not a long wait time like other places. Thank you so much.
Misfit Monday? Nope. This week it’s Tragic Tuesday. It may be a while before I start posting particularly upbeat blogs again. Although, I will share the one bit of good news I have: Aiden is alive. Aside from one broken key (found where to buy replacements) and an A key that is a bit temperamental, all is well with him. So this isn’t in memory of my 4-year-old laptop. It’s in memory of my baby. Sunny, my 12-year-old golden retriever, who was basically a rescue dog when she was 6 months old. I’ll tell you her story, if you care to listen. It starts with Sam. Sam was probably the most energetic, play-driven dog ever. He was hyper. Really hyper. And we didn’t know what to do for him. My parents got the idea that maybe we should get a puppy for him, a playmate. So we started looking, and my mom found an add in the newspaper for a 6-month-old golden retriever puppy that needed a new home. So we took Sam with us to make sure they’d get along, first of all. The moment they met, they were instant friends. Love at first sight, no exaggeration. The family had been trying to take care of her, but with what had been going on, she had basically been suffering from neglect. So we took her home that night, and day after day at our house we watched her become happier and live up to her name: Sunny. Sam and Sunny were the perfect match. For three years they were absolutely inseparable. And then Sam died very suddenly of what was basically canine sars. The best vets in the state did an autopsy because they wanted to know what killed him and even then it was inconclusive. Sunny was heartbroken. I thought it was going to be like Where The Red Fern Grows, where Little Ann dies of loneliness and heartbreak after Old Dan is killed by the Mountain Lion. Sunny’s face started turning grey, and she wasn’t even 4 years old. We knew at that point that Sunny needed a friend. So we contacted a breeder we had met when I took Sunny to the state fair in dog obedience for 4H. They also had a female golden named Sunny. My Sunny knew all the obedience stuff, she just didn’t want to do it because she wanted to be with people and make new friends instead. Turns out they had a litter of puppies recently, and we claimed a little boy. When we brought him home, Sunny was like wtf is this little thing? Why does it keep following me? It took her about a week to figure out that it was a puppy, and that she could play with it. He wasn’t Sam, but he would suffice. The two remained together, and although Sunny wasn’t as attached to Skittles as she was to Sam, or as much as Skittles was to her, she returned to her regular, overly happy Sunny state of being. Sunny had various health problems over the years, including a torn ACL which she had surgery on, to another torn ACL which eventually healed up on it’s own (she couldn’t have surgery on this one because of another health problem). And then late last fall she was diagnosed with kidney disease, which would claim her life over the course of a few months. We kept her medicated and well cared for much longer than could be hoped for, nearly 8 months. She had off days, and last thursday we thought it was just another off day, but as the hours went by, we began to wonder if it was more than that. Friday she was possibly worse, and we rushed her off to the vet. I has to carry her to the car and into the vet because she was too weak to move more than her head and her tail. The vet ran some quick x-rays, and what he suspected based on what we had told him was backed up, although the x-rays weren’t absolutely conclusive. Sunny had a specific kind of tumor that had grown off her spleen and it had ruptured, causing major internal bleeding. Even on young healthy dog, one of these tumors was absolutely fatal. My dad called my mom at work, and the vet explained what was going on, and she said she’d leave work and come in. By the state Sunny was in, I was worried my mom wouldn’t get there in time. But she did, and we spent the next hour saying our goodbyes. A minute before the vets took her into the back to put her to sleep, she gave my mom and I the most hearty tail wag she possibly could, and I’m fairly sure she used the last of her strength to do it, to tell us she loved us one last time. I’ve never been part of the choice on whether or not to put an animal down before. I’ve never gotten to say goodbye either. With Sunny, I watched her weaken within the three hours we were at the vet, to the point where I knew she had hours left at best. My mom gave me the option to take her back home, but I didn’t even know if she’d live long enough for us to get her home. It was her time. So we said our goodbyes, and told each other I love you. She’s with Sam again, her soulmate. Running around, playing, like they used to do when I’d take them to a park near here and let them off leash. Her tail is going in circles, because that’s what it does when she gallops along. There are plenty of stuffed animals for her to tote around (we called them her dead ducks), and they all smell like me because the more one smelled like me, the more she loved it. There are plenty of friendly strangers for her to just go up and greet. And there will be mischief to be had, especially with teasing Sam. What may be decades for me will be the blink of an eye for her, when I see her again.
Steven Schoenberg’s kaleidoscopic piano speaks with a uniquely American voice. His flowing compositions, laced with stride, folk, modern jazz, and impressionistic styles, burst open into full-scale musical dioramas. ~ Tom Regan, Prairie Public Radio Schoenberg’s Three Days in May (Quabbin Records) is worth the effort. It’s an eloquent, lush, and flowing series of improvisations that are spliced together to form sequential states of mind. He claims that the performances are completely spontaneous, and if that’s so, they are within strict melodic and rhythmic frameworks. Schoenberg performs spontaneously improvised works and yet each one has the polish, sophistication, and technical mastery of a complex piece of music. ~ David Sokol, Music Editor, Advocate Newspapers More than a small musical miracle occurred in Amherst College’s Buckley Recital Hall last night
A New Jersey teacher’s lawsuit for alleged national origin discrimination took an unusual turn in a recent court hearing, according to media reports. The plaintiff alleges that she was subjected to disparate treatment and retaliation because of her Palestinian heritage. Hashem v. Hunterdon Cty., et al., No. 3:15-cv-08585, 2d am. complaint (D.N.J., Oct. 19, 2016). During a hearing in early 2017, the defendants reportedly claimed that the case lacks merit because Palestine is not a “nation,” and therefore the plaintiff cannot claim “Palestinian” or “Palestinian-American” as a national origin. While this does not appear to be a prominent element of the defendants’ legal arguments, it captured media attention, and it raises important questions about how U.S. and New Jersey employment laws define “national origin.” Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination (NJLAD) both expressly identify national origin as a protected category for discrimination claims. See 42 U.S.C. § 2000e-2(a), N.J. Rev. Stat. § 10:5-12(a). The term “nation” can have multiple meanings, depending on the context. It can refer to a sovereign country, such as the United States, Canada, or Mexico. It can also refer to a group of people with a shared heritage, language, or culture who do not have their own distinct country, like the Indian tribes of the United States, the First Nations of Canada, and trans-national regions like Kurdistan. Palestine, with its limited international recognition and “non-member observer” status at the United Nations, would seem to fit the second definition. Since “countries” can come into being and cease to exist, multiple courts have held that “national origin” is not limited to countries in existence at the time of a discrimination claim. In Pejic v. Hughes Helicopters, a court held that Serbians were a protected class at a time when Serbia was part of Yugoslavia. 840 F. 2d 667, 673 (9th Cir. 1988). Serbia had been independent in the early 20th century and would become independent again in the 1990s. The Pejic court cited a district court decision finding that Louisiana Acadian—a/k/a Cajun—is a national origin under Title VII. Roach v. Dresser Ind. Valve & Instrument Division, 494 F. Supp. 215, 218 (W.D. La. 1980).
Recently, we received an email from an educator who said that he was, “looking for resources from which he could use sports to teach Jewish concepts.” As a rabbi or educator, you are always looking for ways to help your congregants or students better their behavior and conduct. It follows that the use of sports references or analogies can come in very handy, as they will help people easily connect and relate to your message. Indeed, when it comes to G-d and sports, a recent study (see here) found that nearly 30% of Americans say that G-d plays a role in the outcome of sports events. And so, we figured we’d highlight for you the resources that we’ve collected: - Time-out: Sports Stories as a Game Plan: Using various sports, this book (authored by the American-born and recently elected Knesset member, Rabbi Dov Lipman) teaches positive lessons from a Torah perspective. Whether it’s learning about consistency from Cal Ripken, Jr. or developing a work ethic from Michael Jordan, each chapter conveys a timeless lesson using a sports metaphor. - Alan Veingrad: This is the personal website of retired Superbowl champion, Alan Veingrad. Today, Alan Shlomo Veingard travels the country relating his experiences as a professional athlete, a sales and marketing executive, and an observant Jew. Alan’s presentations bring audiences laughter, inspiration and valuable insights into both life and business. Plus, you can sign up for a free monthly newsletter which is filled with great Torah and sports related metaphors! Here is a link to a couple of full-length talks by Alan Veingrad. - TheFanaticRabbi.com: Rabbi Joshua Hess serves as rabbi of Congregation Anshe Chesed in Linden, NJ. According to Rabbi Hess, when he realized that his dreams of playing professional basketball weren’t meant to be, he pursued ordination at Ner Israel Rabbinical College in Baltimore, MD. To merge his passion for Torah and sports, he started a blog, TheFanaticRabbi.com, in which he which extracts religious lessons from the sports page. He enjoys using sports themes to connect to his students and congregants, and shares his thoughts on sports news and commentary on his blog. Here’s a golf and Torah message by Aish Denver’s Rabbi Baruch Zuckerman, who is a proud graduate of an affiliate program of Ner LeElef: The Jerusalem Kollel. Finally, below is a piece written by Rabbi Ron Yitzchak Eisenmann, a guest contributor on more than one occasion to NLEResources.com. The message, while relevant to the Superbowl, can be used throughout the year and applies to sporting events such as the NCAA Championships, NBA Finals, and more! As I write these words over 163 million Americans, (that’s more than half of the people living in our great country) are tuned out and glued to the event referred to as “The Super Bowl”.Indeed, if you are reading this as I am writing it, you are part of a minority of Americans who are not glued to the tube. Truth be told, I am not against watching the game, and although I myself do not have the luxury of dedicating even a few minutes to indulge in watching twenty two men bang and slam into each other-as things go this is one of the more innocuous diversions which someone can chose from. However, even with acknowledging that the diversion of the Super Bowl is relatively banal, nevertheless a diversion or better said a departure it nonetheless is. Meaning, let us ask ourselves a basic question. Why do so many people spend hours and often much money to sit and watch the game? Indeed, any and every thinking person certainly realizes that none of the players-irrespective of their respective uniform-represents you as an individual. The life style, salary scale, and entire world outlook of any of the players is probably very different than the average viewer of the game, and certainly and hopefully radically different than your Orthodox Jewish game-watcher. So, let’s go back to our original question. Why watch the game? The answer I believe has already been given away. The game is a diversion or better said ‘a departure’. From what do we want to ‘depart’? We want to depart from many things; however, most surely we want to remove ourselves from the reality of the pressures of life. Life is hard; there is no doubt about it. It is hard to make a living in this world and it is difficult to raise a family. It is challenging to get up in the morning and perhaps even more so to go to sleep on time. Yes my friends, life is hard. Therefore, for a few hours on a Sunday evening in February 163 million Americans escape from the lethargic doldrums of daily like and are transformed into the heroes of the stadium. For a few brief hours these couch potatoes become active athletes through vicarious competition. It is nice to escape and perhaps even necessary. Indeed, when I dissolve myself in the virtual world of my writing I escape. And when I immerse my being into the sea of Torah, I am also departing from the humdrum and pedestrian pace of daily life. There is nothing wrong with escaping; just make sure that the place you depart to is superior to the place you have escaped from. Photo Credit: Malingering
As a basketball enthusiast on both the collegiate and pro levels, it’s always interesting to watch a guy elevate from an amateur in college and be able to watch him throughout his career in the NBA. On the other hand, I’m always amazed by guys who prove to be better in the pros than they were in college. Deron Williams comes to mind. But it’s also very disappointing to see special college players never make it on the next level. The guy who I would’ve most liked to have seen enjoy a long NBA career is Randolph Childress from Wake Forest. For those of you out there who remember Childress, you know what I’m talking about. He could fill it up like nobody’s business. Known mostly for his outside touch, he was still able to put the ball on the floor. He was very unassuming. In his 4 years at Wake, he averaged 14.0, 19.7, 19.6 and 20.1 points per game respectively. That’s pretty impressive. As a senior, in 1995, and joined by sophomore Tim Duncan, he put on one of the best performances, perhaps ever, in college basketball. The 1995 ACC Championship game was epic thanks to Childress. I can’t even put into words the type of show he put on against North Carolina that day. To say that he scored 37 points doesn’t even begin to describe it. Just about everything he threw up went in. The Tar Heels, led by Rasheed Wallace and Jerry Stackhouse didn’t really have much of an answer for him. Nor did Jeff McInnis. What Childress did to McInnis right here was just straight up disrespectful. There’s really no eloquent way to put it. Especially the way he signals for him to “come here” after McInnis falls. Because of this move, I was never able to take McInnis seriously as a pro because all I could see was was this move. I got chills watching that again. Childress was drafted #19 overall in the 1995 Draft by Detroit but only hung around in the league long enough for a cup of coffee. A very small cup. Since leaving the NBA, he has played internationally in Turkey, Australia and Italy. He was a tremendous talent and it honestly bugs me that we weren’t able to see him enjoy a long NBA career. Generously listed at 6’2″, what played against him was that he was an undersized shooting guard (I think he was more of a shooting guard than a point). Nevertheless, he was truly a joy to watch. Here’s a full clip of the 1995 ACC Championship game highlights. If you’re looking for your everyday, predictable basketball talk, then go somewhere else, because Kevin Burke of The Kevin Burke Project brings provocative, thought provoking content about basketball as only he can. Kevin also hosts The Hoop Doctors weekly podcast show, which you can subscribe too for free on iTunes.
National park gets new name Legislation has been introduced into State Parliament that will rename the St Arnaud Range National Park. The Government says the new name is the Kara Kara National Park and reflects the wishes of the public and acknowledges the Aboriginal heritage of the site. The renaming is part of a bill that adds 10,000 hectares to Victoria's parks, including small additions to the Grampians National Park. Victoria has about four million hectares of parks and reserves, covering 15 per cent of the state.
By Lauren Raab Los Angeles Times The Defense Department has identified the fifth of five soldiers killed last week in southern Afghanistan, possibly by friendly fire: Army Staff Sgt. Jason A. McDonald, 28, of Butler, Ga. Military officials released few details about McDonald and have said little about the incident. The soldiers were fighting Taliban forces in remote Zabul province last Monday night, and Afghan officials have said an airstrike by the U.S.-led military coalition mistakenly targeted the US soldiers. “Investigators are looking into the likelihood that friendly fire was the cause” of the soldiers’ deaths, a Pentagon spokesman, Rear Adm. John Kirby, said in a statement Tuesday. The U.S.-led coalition concurred: “The casualties occurred during a security operation when their unit came into contact with enemy forces. Tragically, there is the possibility that fratricide may have been involved,” it said last week. In addition to McDonald, also killed were Army Staff Sgt. Scott R. Studenmund, 24, of Pasadena, Calif.; Cpl. Justin R. Clouse, 22, of Sprague, Wash.; Spc. Justin R. Helton, 25, of Beaver, Ohio; and Pvt. 2nd Class Aaron S. Toppen, 19, of Mokena, Ill.
This fantastic image collections about Red and Black Dining Room Sets is obtainable to obtain. That means you may move your entire front room around with out having to bend over and take away the sliders and put them again on once more later when you change your mind. One of crucial options is probably borrowed from the winter landscape, and that is the uncluttered and spare look to the inside landscape of the room. I child you not, that spider looked at me and I knew considered one of us needed to go. I’m the one that pays the payments, not him. So, if you wish to get this superb photograph about Victorian Dining Room Sets, simply click save button to save lots of this images to your pc. My daughter then determined to get out of the house, and as she began to leave , her purse flew throughout the room hitting her. With our eight store buying energy, we have significant affect and most well-liked pricing with the world’s top dining furnishings manufacturers. The set above right is a place setting in HF Coors hand-painted Tuscany dinnerware set.. This is a nice set in case you have colors in your dining room resembling muted greens and browns. Shop on-line with confidence at Rooms To Go, America’s #1 impartial furniture retailer. Most of the cherry wooden used to build dining tables comes from the United States; most comes from The Appalachian Mountains. I do not go in antique outlets because I can really feel the vitality from several ‘folks’. The dining room desk and chairs is from the Contemporary vary by Dol-toi and the couch and the grandfather clock had been additionally manufactured by Dol-toi. You’ll must ensure that your room can comfortably fit your new eating room or kitchen table. This is an entire set, consists of dining room table, 6 chairs, sideboard buffet and lighted china hutch. Typically lighter shades make an area look larger, however careful use of darker shades takes the type and drama in the room up a notch. Materials like leather and cashmere make nice fabrics whereas wooden, fiberglass, or polished aluminum are nice base materials that when combined will create a comfortable and alluring dining room area. Kate Spade New York has a line of dinnerware sets which are made in North Carolina. We plan to go to the second highest level in Washington DC – the Old Post Office Clock Tower. This tall lengthy and lanky eating desk is perfect for small intimate eating in your patio. A should for every dining room so you may as well lengthen other sets if you find yourself having additional friends. The eating table and chairs are from the Dol-toi Contemporary Range, together with the matching sideboard. Whether you are beginning with a miscellaneous collection of LEGO, a few of the home units or Brick Boxes. Most ships have an off-the-cuff, serve-your self buffet along with a number of major dining rooms.
Summer heat waves in Santiago, just like anywhere else, mean one thing: cute kids playing in fountains. Or blasting the crap out of each other with hoses. More photos of heat wave antics are posted in the Santiago Times photo gallery. The title of this post, in case you were curious, is from Ismael Serrano's song "Vine del Norte." The song contains an almost excessive number of references to all things Chilean, but I think that anyone who's been lucky enough to spend a slightly drunken night wandering aimlessly around Santiago will be able to relate. Given the sunburn I've managed to develop despite the best efforts of my SPF 55, I thought the quote was appropriate.
John Irwin Marshall IV, 39, of Lake Bluff passed away unexpectedly on March 5, 2017. John was a graduate of Williston Northampton School in Easthampton, Massachusetts and completed his studies at Metropolitan State University in St. Paul, Minnesota. Most recently, he was a devoted employee at Bernie’s Book Bank in Lake Bluff. John was an avid guitar player and had a great love for music and fishing. Beloved son of John I. (Andrea) Marshall III and Frederica (the late Thomas D.) Hoyt; cherished brother of Samantha (Barrett C.) Davie; loved uncle of Ford Robert, Taylor Frederica and Carolyn Ely Davie; fond step-brother of Craig Palmer, Joshua Hoyt, Amy Knowlton, Darcy Hoyt, Peter Hoyt, Phoebe Volla and Nathaniel Hoyt. A memorial service will be held at 3 p.m. on Saturday, March 11, 2017 at Bernie’s Book Bank, 917 North Shore Drive in Lake Bluff. Interment will be private. For additional information contact Reuland & Turnbough Funeral Directors of Lake Forest at 847-234-9649 or visit www.RTfunerals.com. Memorial contributions in John’s name may be made to Bernie’s Book Bank.
Live edge wood slabs, when used in décor, offer an added dose of texture and one-of-a-kind style. Because no two are ever the same, you can rest assured knowing that your piece is completely custom-made. In this tutorial, you'll learn how to turn a live edge wood slab into either a coffee table or a bench that can be changed up on a whim. Things You'll Need - Live edge wood slab - Wood carving tools - Sand paper, 40-grit and 100-grit 1-inch foam paintbrush - Clear urethane sealant - 4 flat table leg brackets - 16 #8 1 1/2 inch screws - 4 16-inch wood round tapered table legs with threaded center section and metal caps - Drill bits to match the screws and table legs - Electric drill - Painter's tape - 1-inch foam paintbrush - Interior paint in your color of choice (orange was used for this project) - Felt table leg pads (optional) Step 1: Find and Prep a Slab of Live Edge Wood To find a live edge wood slab, visit your local lumber yard. These large warehouses often source all types of wood and will have a section specifically dedicated to wood that still retains its natural edge and bark. Once you've chosen your slab and brought it home, cut off the bark with a sharp carving tool (if desired) and sand both sawed edges and the sides of the slab where the bark was removed with sandpaper—first with a rough 40-grit, and then a finer 100-grit sandpaper. Then finish the slab prep process by coating the entire slab with two coats of clear urethane sealant—including the sides of the slab where the bark was cut off—using a foam paintbrush. Allow the urethane sealant to dry for one hour between coats, and allow the final coat to cure for a full 24 hours. Be sure to wear thick safety gloves while trimming the bark off your wood slab. You'll also want to wear safety goggles and a face mask while sanding. Step 2: Place and Mark Where the Table Leg Hardware Will Go Flip the wood slab over and place your four flat table leg brackets where you'd like them to go on the underside of the tabletop. You can use a ruler to ensure an even placement on the wood. For this project, the hardware was placed 1 inch in from the front and back of the table, and 14 inches in from either end. Hold each bracket in place, and mark through the bracket holes with a pencil. Make sure to mark all four of the screw holes on the corners of the brackets, as well as the center hole where the table legs will be screwed in. Step 3: Drill and Screw in the Table Leg Hardware Using drill bits matched to the widths of your screws and to the center threaded section of the table legs, pre-drill all five holes that were previously marked on the underside of the wood slab. Then, use an electric drill outfitted with a Phillips-head screwdriver to attach the brackets to the wood with the accompanying screws. Step 4: Mask Off the Ends of the Table Legs Use painter's tape to carefully mask off the metal caps of the tapered table legs so that they don't get paint on them. Press the tape firmly in place before moving on to the next step. Step 5: Paint the Table Legs Paint 2 to 3 coats of an interior paint in your desired color on the wooden table legs using a foam paint brush. Allow each layer of paint to dry for one hour between coats and allow the final coat to cure for a full 24 hours. Remove and discard the painter's tape. Step 6: Screw in the Painted Table Legs Situate each of the four table legs over the center of the metal brackets on the underside of the wood slab, and screw them into place by turning the entire leg over the hole. Make sure that the threaded section on the end of each table leg securely screws into the pre-drilled hole you added in the center of the bracket in step 3 to ensure a tight, wobble-free construction. Step 7: Style Your Live Edge Wood Slab as a Coffee Table or Bench Flip your completed live edge table over and check for stability. Because live edge wood is often rough hewn and not perfectly straight, you may need to add a felt cushion to the bottom of certain legs that don't quite touch the floor. This will further stabilize the table and prevent it from wobbling when in use. Finish by styling the bench as either a coffee table or bench! Get the DIY for the headboard pictured above here.
Launch App best app online free games play now My Talking Tom Cat 2 games play now. Talking Tom angela. Talking Tom also appears in other apps in the Talking Tom and Friends series Discover the games app in 135 countries! Adopt your very own baby kitten and help him grow into a fully grown cat. Take good care of your virtual pet, name him and make him part of your daily life by feeding him, playing with him and nurturing him as he grows. Dress him up any way you like and pick from a wide selection of Candy Crush Saga * Subway Surfers * Asphalt 8: Airborne * Clash of Clans * Temple Run 2 * 101 YüzBir Okey Plus * Trivia Crack * Okey! * Sniper 3D Assassin: Shoot to Kill Game For Free * My Talking Tom * aa * Despicable Me: Minion Rush * Kelimelik * Okey Plus * Truck Simulator 2017 * Hay Day * 8 Ball Pool™ * Online Head Ball * Temple Run * Candy Crush Soda Saga * Super Mario Run * Score! Hero * Traffic Rider * Real Racing 3 * Traffic Racer * Fruit Ninja Free * Game of War - Fire Age * CSR Racing * Jetpack Joyride * Çanak Okey * BBTAN by 111% * Hungry Shark Evolution * Resimli Kelime Bulmaca * Smash Hit * Clash Royale * Pet Rescue Saga * Hill Climb Racing * Criminal Case * Top Eleven 2017 - Be a Football Manager * 2048 * Mobile Strike * Score! World Goals * Farm Heroes Saga * Dr. Driving * Kelime Avı * The Sims™ FreePlay * Piano Tiles 2™(Don't Tap The White Tile 2) * SimCity BuildIt * Dream League Soccer * New Star Soccer * Zynga Poker - Texas Holdem: Vegas Casino Card Game * Diamond Dash * Bilgi Yarışı * Boom Beach * slither.io * Shadow Fight 2 * Batak.HD * Ödüllü Bilgi Yarışması * Okey 101 * Angry Birds 2 * Gangstar Vegas * My Talking Angela * MARVEL Contest of Champions * FIFA Mobile Football * Torque Burnout * Ben Bilmem Eşim Bilir Oyunları * BatakOnline * Modern Combat 5: Blackout * Who Knows ! * Ice Age Village * Backgammon Plus! * Deer Hunter Classic * ZigZag * Real Basketball * Driver 2 - Open World Game * Kim Milyoner 2017 ® * GT Racing 2: The Real Car Experience * Sonic Dash * Angry Birds Go! * Agar.io * Need for Speed™ No Limits * Six-Guns: Gang Showdown * Smurfs' Village * Sniper Fury: best mobile shooter game – fun & free * Online Soccer Manager (OSM) - No.1 Football Game * Soccer Stars™ * İsim Şehir Hayvan Bitki * Dragon City Mobile * Kim Milyoner 2016 ® * Looney Tunes Dash! * 101 YüzBir Okey Çanak * MORTAL KOMBAT X * Nail It * Plants vs. Zombies™ 2 * ???? ????????? - Travelling Millionaire * Real Football 2013 * Aptal Mısın? * Trial Xtreme 4 * MAYDAY! Emergency Landing * Brothers in Arms® 3: Sons of War * Real Boxing * World of Tanks Blitz * Çanak Okey Plus * Highway Rider * Spider-Man Unlimited * Lep's World Free - best platformer games * Last Empire-War Z * FarmVille 2: Country Escape * CSR Racing 2 * Episode - Choose Your Story + Pretty Little Liars * Hungry Shark World * Frontline Commando * Toy Blast * My Horse * Exploration Lite * 1010! * Head Soccer * War Robots * Iron Force * Real Football 2012 * OkeyOnline * FIFA 16 Ultimate Team™ * My Boo - Virtual Pet with Mini Games for Kids * Jenga * Injustice: Gods Among Us * Megapolis * Racing in City - Traffic Driving Simulation Game * UNO ™ & Friends * Hit Tennis 3 - Swipe & Flick Ball Sports * Flow Free * Clumsy Ninja * Flick Shoot 2 * NBA LIVE Mobile Basketball * Crazy Taxi™ City Rush * Dolmus Driver * Mobile Legends: Bang bang * Bubble Witch Saga * CarX Drift Racing * Candy Crush Jelly Saga * Fun Run - Multiplayer Race * Okey. * Traffic Tour * DEAD TRIGGER 2 * CSR Classics * Zombie Tsunami * Bridge Constructor FREE * Bubble Mania™ - Free Bubble Shooter * Flick Shoot * F18 Carrier Landing Lite * Bus Simulator 2015 * Zombie Frontier 3 – Top Zombie Shooting Game * Bejeweled Blitz * Racing in Car * Bil ve Fethet * Walking Dead: The Game * MetalStorm: Online * Frontline Commando: D-Day * Stack * Angry Birds Rio * Pou * Happy Wheels * Two Dots * Trigger Fist * Basketball Stars™ * Chess Free with Coach - Learn, Play & Multiplayer * Red Ball 4 (Ad Supported) * Angry Birds Friends * Tetris® Blitz * Survivor - Clash of Heroes - Free Edition * World at Arms - Wage war for your nation! * Where's My Water? 2 * Pixel Gun 3D * PAC-MAN Lite * Pool Live Tour Mobile * Angry Birds Epic RPG * Hill Climb Racing 2 * Anlat Bakalım Lite * Township * Perfect Kick * PES CLUB MANAGER * Hugo Troll Race Classic * Bubble Witch 2 Saga * Block Craft 3D: Building Simulator Game For Free * Family Farm Seaside - Play Harvest & Farming Game * Littlest Pet Shop * Swamp Attack * Where's My Water? Free * Asphalt Xtreme: Offroad Racing * Yeni Milyoner 2017 * 101 Okey HD * Taxi Sim 2016 * Dr. Parking 4 * King of Maths * Backgammon Kings * Real Boxing 2 ROCKY * Stick Hero * Papa Pear Saga * Cars: Fast as Lightning * Batman: Arkham Origins * Drive Ahead! * Piano Tiles (Don't Tap The White Tile) * Trials Frontier * Driving School 2016 * Jelly Jump * Fun Run 2: Multiplayer Racing Games * Nusrat * Virtual Table Tennis * Blitz Brigade - Multiplayer shooting action! * GyroSphere Trials * Rail Rush * Contract Killer 2 * ?Sudoku * Color Switch * Talking Tom Gold Run * Pisti II * N.O.V.A. 3: Freedom Edition - Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance game * DEAD TRIGGER * Real City Car Driving Sim 2017 * MY LITTLE PONY - Friendship is Magic * Real Steel World Robot Boxing * Bubble Shooter * Lep's World 3 Free - super best platformer games * Clash of Kings - CoK * Can Knockdown * English Hangman * Blood & Glory * Club Penguin * Dungeon Hunter 4 * Empire: Four Kingdoms - MMO Strategy Game * Euro Truck Driver (Simulator) * Unblock Me FREE * İnternetsiz Batak * Solitaire * ff * Flip Diving * Twist * Assassin's Creed Pirates * Circle * Crossy Road - Endless Arcade Hopper * %99 * fur colors and other accessories. Decorate his home and check out how others decorated their My Talking Tom homes. Play games with your Tom and watch as he becomes a part of your everyday life. FEATURES: - Play over 10 mini-games: Memory Game, Whack-A-Mouse, Connect and more! Earn gold coins and have fun! - Record & watch videos: Record and share your own My Talking Tom videos and watch other videos too. (Only available on select devices running Android 4.1+, see the list at http://tinyurl.com/listmtt) - Nurture your very own Tom: Play games with him, feed him his favorite foods, tuck him into bed. - Visit your friends & other players' Talking Toms: Check out the apartments and look of other Toms, find treasure chests and get coins! - Enjoy life-like emotions: Tom can be happy, hungry, sleepy, bored... his emotions change according to how you play with him. - Unleash your creativity: Create your very own Tom by choosing from 1000’s of combinations of furs, clothing and furniture.
Screenings are sure to sell out quickly this year, so make a list and buy tickets early. These are the movies you don't want to miss. - I Am Another You 3 out of 5 stars Chinese national Nanfu Wang first started working on I Am Another You when she was a New York University film student on vacation in South Florida. She met a charismatic young drifter named Dylan Olsen and spent most of her vacation following him around to document what his life was like living on the street. If you already think you know how the rest of the film goes from that brief synopsis – the drifter turns out to be less of a free-spirited hero than a manipulative grifter – you're both right and very wrong. After Wang parted ways with Olsen, she went on to make the acclaimed documentary Hooligan Sparrow, about Chinese human rights advocate Ye Haiyan, before following up. The difference between Wang's approach in the first act of I Am Another You, filmed when she was a student, and the latter two thirds, filmed after she had the experience of running from Chinese police in pursuit of Hooligan Sparrow's story, is palpable. Early on, Wang falls prey to the rookie mistake of making herself too much of a subject. But her subsequent investigation into Olsen's past and present ends up – for both better and worse – humanizes him. It's a revealing look at how first impressions – even if accurate – fail to tell the whole story. – TM - Honky Tonk Heaven: Legend of the Broken Spoke 4.5 out of 5 stars If you don't already have a favorite bar in Austin, Texas, you will after seeing Honky Tonk Heaven. The documentary tells the story of James and Annetta White, the proprietors of the Broken Spoke, an old-school country dancehall smack in the middle of trendy South Austin. James White tells stories about the history of the place over its half-century in existence – which included residencies by Willie Nelson and George Strait – while introducing the viewer to the importance dancehalls had in country music culture. Those days are long gone, but the Spoke keeps plugging along, even as modern multi-use apartment buildings spring up all around (sound familiar, Orlando?). With plenty of live music performances and even a little bit of a two-step lesson thrown in, Honky Tonk Heaven is as close as you'll get to spending a night at the Broken Spoke without having to travel to Texas. – TM International FilmsPop Aye 3 out of 5 stars A touching look at getting older and maintaining a connection to our youth, Pop Aye is the story of Thana (Thaneth Warakulnukroh), a Thai architect who is finding himself to be more and more irrelevant both professionally and in his strained relationship with his wife. But when he has a chance meeting with the elephant he had when he was a boy growing up in rural Thailand, he decides to purchase it and bring it back home. The ensuing road movie is filled with memorable characters like a hypochondriac ascetic, a trans prostitute and a pair of beleaguered policemen. Though the journey sags in the middle, much like the titular elephant, Pop Aye is filled with just the right amount of humor and pathos to make it a recommended watch. – TM Midnight FeaturesBad Black 3 out of 5 stars By any normal standard of filmmaking, Bad Black is not a "good" movie. A product of the zero-budget "Wakaliwood" film industry of Uganda, Bad Black utilizes amateur production techniques and actors to tell a uniquely Ugandan version of an over-the-top American-style action film. The plot can be hard to follow, but thankfully there's a narrator who fills in gaps while providing MST3K-style commentary about the characters and events on screen. It's a perfect fit for the festival's midnight slot, and will undoubtedly be a hit, especially since this screening is customized for Orlando audiences. – TM Birdboy: The Forgotten Children (Psiconautas) 4 out of 5 stars Cute animated animals deal with not-so-cute issues in this feature-length adaptation of a Spanish graphic novel. On an island devastated by some unspecified industrial disaster, Birdboy scrapes out an existence in the forest. Like a goth version of Looney Tunes' Egghead Jr., he drags his skeletal, black-suited self mutely through daily horrors – illness; drug use; trying and failing to fly; nightmares of terrifying demons. He's pursued by Dinky, a troubled schoolgirl (schoolmouse?) who wants to escape the island, but doesn't want to leave Birdboy behind. As she and her friends (a bunny who hears voices telling her to do bad things and a tubby, bullied fox) make their way through the scary dump full of mean, violent rats, they confront class warfare, rage, pain, greed and a lot of other stuff that's not usually on the menu for adorable cartoon critters. Psiconautas screens as a midnight movie, but aside from the trippy visuals and occasional flashes of black humor, it isn't average midnight movie fare – these animated characters are more likely to make you cry than laugh, and will stick in your mind for days after viewing. RIYL: dystopia, teen angst, anthropomorphic alarm clocks. – JBY 3.5 out of 5 stars The festival presents a special screening of Unrest, a documentary about people with myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME). The film is special not just for its topic but because the director and subject, Jennifer Brea, grew up in Orlando. After developing a high fever several years ago, Brea slipped into what is often labeled "chronic fatigue syndrome." But she didn't fight just the condition, she fought for answers – on film. "It was like I had died but was forced to watch as the world moves on," she says in the documentary. "I didn't know what else to do, so I just kept filming." But instead of becoming a self-indulgent cinematic exercise, Unrest embraces everyone who has suffered silently with this misunderstood condition (17 million worldwide, 85 percent women) and partially morphs into a medical thriller by exposing the horrible history of "female hysteria." "Central Florida is where I spent all of my formative years, and it's where I spent all of my time, dreaming what I would grow up to become and what I would do with my life, and it's also where I fell in love with film," Brea told OW. "[This screening] rivals how I felt about appearing at Sundance. I'm really excited to be coming home." "One of the amazing and I think really beautiful things about filmmaking is that it is a collaborative, creative process," she says. "When I started production, I was almost homebound and almost entirely bed-ridden, and at first I tried to travel to go on shoots, and I would, you know, go an hour from my house and would shoot for a day on location and would spend the next 30 days in bed. ... It took six months to get to six shoot days. ... I started to think about what were some sort of technological solutions that would allow me to have a presence in the field without actually having to travel to set. What I want people to take away [from the film is that] life is fragile and often unpredictable, but I think that it is ... possible to find a way to survive, and I think that's what a lot of the film is about on the deepest level," she says. "We are fighting. This is a movement." – CM Competition Documentary Features - Cassette: A Documentary Mixtape 4 out of 5 stars Hats off to the documentary Cassette for handily answering the question, "Are cassettes still a thing?" Yes, they're still a fucking thing, and they never really weren't "a thing," for those in the underground interested in transmitting their sounds in an affordable, quickly produced physical medium. At the core of this documentary is the notion that cassettes represented a democratization of sound production and dissemination in a way that no physical medium had before or since. This love letter to the format is all heart – the emotion during interviews with Henry Rollins, Rob Sheffield, Daniel Johnston, National Audio Company employees, and DJs Ron G and Red Alert is palpable. The true coup of this film, however, is extended conversations with Lou Ottens, the inventor of the cassette tape. He talks about his work with a dispassionate lack of nostalgia. And yet, there is one beautiful moment towards the end when Ottens, the slightest smile creeping across his face, confesses fondly, "The best thing is, it's not over yet ... all those crazy people are still working with cassettes." – MM 3 out of stars For most of us, it's too late to run away and join the circus. But the next-best thing might be watching Circus Kid, a delightful documentary that shines its follow spot not just on the history of the modern American circus but the meaning of family. At just 71 minutes, Circus Kid might seem too slight. And the fact that it's directed and partially narrated by its subject, Lorenzo Pisoni, might strike some as self-promotional. But the stories that Pisoni presents about the famous Pickle Family Circus and the countless clowns and acrobats (including Bill Irwin) it inspired will likely inspire you too, regardless of your opinions of the Big Top. The feature is accompanied by Richard Twice (3 stars), a short, partially animated documentary about a talented musician who walked away from potential fame after a life-altering stage experience in the late 1960s. It's a fascinating yet melancholy examination of how a single event can irreparably alter one's life. – CMFor Ahkeem 3.5 out of 5 stars Most documentaries either report past events or observe unfolding ones. For Ahkeem is a memorable example of the latter, as its camera provides extraordinary access to Daje Shelton, a 17-year-old black girl from the slums of St. Louis. The film, directed by Jeremy Levine and Landon Van Soest, follows her for a year and a half, as she struggles to avoid legal trouble, graduate from high school, raise a baby and maintain a relationship with her boyfriend – while he is trying to stay out of jail. And behind it all is the shadow of the 2014 Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson, Missouri. Though the subjects' actions are undoubtedly altered by the camera, the film is still a memorable and painful portrait of a world that seems hopeless. (The film's executive producer is Jeff Truesdell, former editor of Orlando Weekly, who now lives in St. Louis.) The feature is preceded by a short Florida doc titled The Rabbit Hunt (3 stars), which is exactly what its name suggests. Directed by Patrick Bresnan, it is extremely difficult to watch, especially if you're an animal lover, but it also feels culturally and morally necessary. – CM Shorts ProgramsInternational Animated Shorts 3.5 out of 5 stars This annual block is known for filmmakers who push the thematic and technical limits of animated cinema. This year's offering is a mixed bag of quality, but discovering the assorted treats is nevertheless a worthwhile, mind-expanding experience. Most of the 12 films are surreal, absurd or experimental, and the group would have benefited from one or two selections with a traditional narrative structure, to serve as palate cleansers for the stranger fare. In addition, Pussy (2 stars) is better suited to the midnight shorts block. (About a vagina that springs to life and escapes a woman's body to wreak havoc, it is surely President Trump's nightmare.) Most accomplished is the Spanish-language Decorado (4 stars). The only foreign-language film (with subtitles) in the group, it's both laugh-out-loud funny and hauntingly dark. Only slightly less brain-bending are The Absence of Eddy Table (4 stars), Journal Animé (3 stars) and This Is Not an Animation (3 stars), while Fears (3 stars) is the sweetest. But sweet or not, make no mistake: This is an adults-only program. – CMShorts Program No. 2: “Everybody Knows” 3.5 out of 5 stars This narrative shorts block is titled "Everybody Knows" in tribute to Leonard Cohen. And, fittingly, most of the characters in the eight films are either being watched or judged, but ultimately exceed or defy expectations. Cul-de-Sac (3 stars), written by and starring Oscar winner (and Florida Film Festival friend) Shawn Christensen, is well acted, shot and paced but lacks some context and emotional punch. Laurels (3 stars) offers a unique and twisty take on film festivals while providing the block with its only comedy, albeit a dark one. Zaar (3 stars) is an unconventional and touching examination of an act of terror – from the terrorist's point of view. And Zero-Zero (4 stars), about an unlikely bond between a little girl and her seemingly unscrupulous neighbor, is an absolute gem. – CM - New Chefs on the Block 4 out of 5 stars Like pictures of food on Instagram, movies about food and chefs are apparently irresistible, and this tale of two restaurants spreading their wings is no different. The film follows Aaron Silverman of Rose's Luxury and Frank Linn of Frankly ... Pizza! from construction to doors opening and through their first year, covering 2013 to 2015. Viewers who know that 30 percent of restaurants fail in the first year, some even before opening their doors, may be biting their nails wondering whether these places will make it, especially in the challenging Washington, D.C., area, where business slows to a trickle when congress is out of session. Despite some pacing issues, including a slow start full of unnecessary Restaurant 101 info (some of the talking-head interludes are pointless — I don't care if it's Michel Richard saying it, lines like "You have to focus 150 percent" are just a waste of screen time), Silverman and Linn eventually emerge as engaging characters, and the filmmakers manage to make viewers care deeply about whether they'll succeed. The two men, and the two restaurants, are very different – Silverman's personal reserve dovetails with the studiedly casual perfection on his plates, while Linn seems like a big goofy kid who just wants to open a slice joint – but both end up surprising us. – JBY
Beckwith reports three different versions of the "trouble" story: one with Rabbit as the foolish partner, one with Rat, and one with Goat. [Notes by LKG] This story is part of the Jamaican Stories unit. Story source: Jamaica Anansi Stories by Martha Warren Beckwith (1924). Sheep and Anansi Anansi tell Sheep, "Mr. Sheep, lef' you spoon here, don' carry it." Den go to de second house an' get some breakfas' again. After him get de breakfas' him say, "Mr. Sheep, where you spoon?" An' said, "Don't you tell me to lef' it at de firs' house?" "You mus' go back for it now!" Mr. Sheep gone for it, him eat off all de breakfas'. An' said, "Come, Mr. Sheep, but you mus' let' you spoon." "Me won't carry it at all." Den go up to de nex't yard an' get dinner now. Night is coming. An' said, "Mr. Sheep, where is you' 'poon?" An' said, "I lef' it at de las' yard you eat." Well, den, Sheep have to go back fe his spoon again; tell Sheep come back again an' Anansi eat off de dinner. Sheep couldn't get not'ing to eat. Rabbit and Anansi An' while dey go on, Brar Anansi saw Tiger den wid a lot of young Tiger in it. Brar Anansi took out one an' kill it an' give Rabbit a basket wid a piece of de Tiger's meat to carry for de Tiger's fader, an' took Rabbit along wid him to Tiger's house an' tol' Brar Rabbit to han' Tiger de basket. Anansi run, an' Tiger catch at Rabbit to kill him, but he get away. Brar Anansi run up a tree an' say, "Run, Brar Rabbit, run! Run fe stone-hole!" Took a razor an' give it to Rabbit. An' Tiger got up a lot of men to get Rabbit out de hole an' Tiger sent for Reindeer to dig him out, as he had a long neck to put down his head an' dig him out, but Anansi tol' Rabbit when Reindeer put down his head in de hole, he mus' tak de razor an' cut it off. A lot of people gadder to see Reindeer tak Rabbit out of de hole, but instead, Reindeer head was taken off an' he drop an' was dead an' de whole crowd run away wid fright. After Rabbit come out, Brar Nansi say to him, "Brar Rabbit, so 'daytime trouble' stay. So, as long as you live, never ask anybody to show it to you again!" Next: New Names
Debellish. When I collapsed next to her sparkling languid frame I called upon Shelley and Coleridge and Ovid and Virgil and O’hara and Miller and Penthouse Forum and every French film I saw growing up to get something back to you and…and…every line I composed simply debellished the beauty at hand. Nope, this one was for me and me alone, my friends. My words could do it no justice. No, no mortal soul could relay that info back without the transfer suffering brutally from flawed debellishments. However, when word finally leaked to Veronica and I was subjected to answer that question amidst the assault, “Was it fun!? Well I hope you at least had fun, you scumbag!” how blessed I was to have debellishments and all the lackings that come with them on my side, “No, no, please, Jeez, it really wasn’t. I hated every minute of it.” -- Chris Leo Desceltic or (di)celcian words are proud and free. They refuse all constraints of icons, phonetics, and borders, yet one way or another their point is always clear. Like shadows that move with stealth from one object to the next, Herodotus believed they came from caves. Like galleys, galleasses, gales, and the bile from the gall, they are both fluid like wind and calloused by toughened skin. When they are runes on rocks in Cork they are Keltic. When they are drunks and goons in Boston they are Seltic. When they are Milanese secessionists who draw their lineage ultimately from Czech they are Cheltic. When they were Keltoi in Greece they used another alphabet entirely. The Mandarin name for China is even Wade-Giles, like Wales-Gael. Like Smurfs they smurf smurfingly. They may conspire ("with spirits")at one moment, then turn and conspire ("against the steeple")the next, returning "Eiffel" to "I fell" and abscond on schooners like scoundrel pirates. And speaking of Pirates, Christopher Colombus' boat the Santa Maria was originally named the Gallega yet no one called it that. The Vulgate Bible misprinted certe ("certain, forever") as celte and it stuck. They knew. Though they are of one blood, they are from Gaul, Gall, Gael, Galatia, Gaia, Galicia, and Portugal and once spoke some form of Gaelic or Goidelic. When they gallivant in Paris they smoke Gauloise. The sound galno itself once meant “strong” in all of these hamlets, yet the word gall also meant "stranger" in all the same households -- yes, all those words are related. If it can be agreed that words mutate fastest on streets and ports, then it’s also worth noting that the Spanish word for “street”, calle, comes from Callaeci, the ancient Celts of the port that became Porto. These stubborn words have gall. Diselltious often comes from the Italian “scegliere” which means “to decide” which when then translated back to Latin means “cut off” which when then translated back to English any wise soul should interpret as “stay out of it, this word remains savage, protean, and ubiquitous”. "Goccia" is Italian for a "drop" and may have come from "Galicia" or the Portuguese Indian colony in Goa or both. In Galicia a drop is a "morriña" which is also their word for "saudade", the longing for something distant and unattainable. It's roots are said to lie in the missed feeling sailors experienced after returning home during the age of the great Portuguese discoveries. Not officially all out tears, but a few melancholic drops. These dicelcian words even move away from themselves. -- Chris Leo Dethrowned reigns leisurely at both the peak and valley of the bell curve, yet it can never be dethroned. In Hunter S. Thompson’s The Rum Diaries a young reporter takes a job in San Juan to write an editorial on why so many Puerto Ricans leave the tropics for NYC. Puerto Ricans, having the world's most priveledged duplicitous status of neither sovereignty nor statehood, neither Latinos nor gringos, have chosen only one other exclave as their own, New York City. One Million Puerto Ricans live in New York. Why? Should we not pay attention to the choices of a people graced with a wisdom that comes with such a sweet situation? Why New York then when they could just stay on their better beach and kick it? By the book’s end the only answer Thompson comes up with is “want” -- but if only he went bike riding with me that day last summer when outside of George Washington High in Washington Heights at the northern tip of Manhattan I stopped the dirty ice cart to grab a cup of tamarindo and the perfect Puertoricana who learned something in 17 years women on Madison Ave never learn in 70, that nothing looks hotter than tight jeans and a wife beater in July, asked me what I was doing in the barrio, Thompson may have arrived at a slightly different conclusion and we may therefore have never received The Rum Diaries. I told her I was “fuggin’ diggin’ the fact that between the GW Bridge and GW High in GW Heights our man GW got what he wanted on the same piece of land he was once defeated: nobody speaking the Queen’s English in his rebel state. You know, he was hoping it would be German or French we spoke. If you had told him then it was gonna be Spanish!…shit. So after this I’ll ride back downtown, try and write something smart about it, sell it, and go buy a margarita with my hypothocized earnings, you?” To which she replied, “…White guys, why you always trying to make something of yourselves?” To which, as defeated as Washington once was on this very street corner, I then hopped back on my bike consumed like a skipping record trying to think of a rebuttal for that crafty cunt all the way from Washington Heights to the Gowanus. Upon arrival at home I couldn’t write that smart essay I had hoped to. Upon margarita to my lips I could not put the needle back into the groove. Eventually the breaking rebroke when I looked at my skinny man’s pancha caused by necessary margaritas to keep me in this party I'm always trying to leave and coughed up soot I ingested while trying to get healthy and productive and I got my answer: time to move to Italy and plant my feet. A "throne" began in Proto-Indo-European as “to hold firm”, yet something which is "thrown" is not held firmly at all. An ascent up the social ladder is generally seen as a good thing, but when it comes at the expense of your accent, when every cent gained is but a seed for a more reputable nascent grade, and every July sunset is not spent with your family, cousins, and friends outdoors in the best city in the world, it is proof that your long questions should start coming in shorter sentences. She dethrowned me. dethrowned = relax, wait here and it will come...that is, if you're waiting for it at all. But still, so why New York? If waiting nets the same results moving does, and Puerto Ricans can see things others can't, then what better place to wait than a city where everyone's moving? Don't mix moods though, dethrowning Puerto Ricans does not make them deseatful. On the contray, it is the anxious deseated mover and shaker who's more likely up to some form of deceit or another. -- Chris Leo dissert, from the Latin dis "apart" + the French servir to "serve", is one dessert with two spoons for one couple, which is most likely similar to the original dessert which meant "to clear the table", to "deserve". There's an easy rule to follow with new words: if it doesn't sound like the word it represents it is not a new word. "de-serve"Therefore, be careful not to dissect dissert, keep it beautiful, don't desert the goal. Or, if that poses a problem but the old word's grown as stale as a desert and you're looking for something new, try mixing Italian with Italian for "the true dessert," dulcerto (dulce for "sweet" + certo for "correct"). Just be sure to make no room for impostres (im for "not" + the Spanish postres for "dessert" = things like pizzert), or have we already disserted (think dissertation) on the topic at length. -- Chris Leo Divisionary verbs are auxiliary verbs that once supported primary verbs using “have” but now use “of”. They are semi-realized prodigals whose future evolution is obvious though the elder and middle stages are still the only versions in use. “Should have gone”, “might have known”, “could have taken” have become “should of gone”, “might of known”, “could of taken.” “Should of gone” literally means “the should part of gone” as if every verb already holds all possibilities within them. There is a should part of gone, a might part of gone, a could, would, am, was, has, and possibly even a got part already integral to “gone”. Basic verbs (be, give, have, take, keep, etc) being the most ancient verbs means relentless usage through the ages has exposed them to more mutable elements than newer verbs. In every language these verbs are never regular and therefore neither are the sentences and idioms they operate within. Though without fail the mutations of the basic verbs are gorgeous and playful, there’s an ebb and flow that in English is currently drawing them in to a gradual and temporal unirregulation (which is never quite a reregulation, but just a pull back in rather than a push out). Soon these divisionary verbs will close the bridge between the verbs they support thereby antiquating the main verbs while assuming positions of verbs proper themselves. Shouldgone, couldgone, wouldgone, and gotgone etc will solidify their previous slices of the “gone” pie into autonomous actions. Pioneering paths idioms like “how (does it) come?”, “what (does it) gives?”, “I (have) never (heard or anything like that)!” take are referencable for insight into the future evolution of these divisionary verbs before they push back out again. -- Chris Leo Downstate is not a word. Crack open the frizzy chiznazz and celebrate with River Plates because it is one rare decade indeed when you'll finally here us say, "no." There is the south, down south, down there, lowlands, meridianale, extremadura, and the rainbow of other colorful words we romanticize all things "south" with (the best of course being "Upper Egypt"), but downstate? No. Put downstate in the same skinny folder with mainlining heroin and studying yoga with the sole goal of autofellatio: things not to do. Please, we will rarely ask you to draw a line. Here, draw a line. -- Chris Leo Drawer in linguistics is an historical back-formation. An historical back-formation is a back-formation that continues to dig deeper and deeper into the past rather than plow ahead into the future in search of its lost soul. In this case, a drawer is someone who necessarily betrayed someone so the story could progress, or so he’s rewritten. Without betrayal and treason the plot can not curve, he pleads. We need him, the letch whines. Naturally, a drawer feels like a traitor and a traitor feels like a piece of churned mud. What to do then to appease your inner peace while the masses about loathe you, you traitor, you traducer, you plotter! Ration it out. Find the root of the reason for your t-reasoning ("t" as a symbol of the Cross) and reduce. Benedict Arnold hands it over to the crowd, “You tell me! You tell me! Why then did I do it? What drives a traitor to be a traitor?” “Traitor”, he argues, comes from the same source as “tract”, “trattoria”, and even “dates” and “tradition” as well as “traducer”, “plotter”, and “dare”. From the Latin “tradere” (“to hand over, to draw out”) do we not kill the fruits of the earth so that we can survive and our story grow? Do we not betray with every full tray served? Is to serve not therefore to survive? In French a traître is a caterer. The drawer keeps going back in his quest for absolution, to the Holy Lands and the Coptic Bible! There would be no resurrection without the most selfless of all saints, Judas Iscariot. Forget not that the “jew” sound of both Judas and Jesus is from the beginning of the almighty Yahweh. Of course the dip (from Old English dyppan, “to baptize”) into the hummus (“earth, clay, mud” out of which He molded us in His likeness) happened amongst trays. What a different course history would have taken if Jesus called himself a "Coward of Men" (as a British surname, from "cow herder") rather than a "Shepherd of Men" (from "sheep herder")! The very sound are, the English verb “to be”, in Proto-Indo-European initially meant “to plow”. The drawer, poor guy, therefore simply drew the shortest straw; and “straw” of course comes from the Proto-Indo-European stere, “to spread”, to help our story spread. And the drawer's draws, poor guy, are also often as muddied as this field tilled. i.e. “Oh man, this thing was starting to write itself -- boh-ring --I had to be the drawer so we could get to the next episode.” “I’m sorry, I don’t follow.” “Oh well I just figured, fine, I’d be the scapegoat and rat you out to Sylvia so this thing could progress y’know? No one else had the balls to be the bad guy for the sake of movement. The ease at which you fibbed was losing its excitement to all of us, man? So for the sake of everyone I drew, I drew man, you get it now, no?” -- Chris Leo Drungry, a relative of hangry, comes from Dubai and refers not only to the mysterious equation that colories from alcohol create a need for complimentary calories from food after, but also to the type of late night/early morning cuisine you might find to satiate said need: "A'ight, I'd like some aloo motor drungry and my sister would like a bowl of whatever it is you got stewing down there in the drungry." Folk etymoligists may try and tell you that "the drungry" was the lowest hold on pirate ships of the Arabian Sea where they kept their contraband hidden, but when the need actually hits, anyone living through it can assure you that the history of this word is much more direct. drunk + hungry = drungry (for more information on the current baby boom of words from Dubai, we recommend anotherfashionblog.blogspot.com) -- Chris Leo Dustriousness is a poster child for back-formations. A back-formation happens when a new word is formed by shortening a longer word when integral syllables mistaken for affixes are removed. The most confusingly disastrous back-formation occured when Prudence raced so hastely through a "below-job" it never grew bigger than "blow job" again. In this case the logic went: if a busy person is industrious then the opposite would be formed by simply removing the negating "in". When the new word looks like "something which collects dust" you light one up, call your assumption a fact, and kick back all dustriuoslike. industrious - in = lazy lazy lazy -- Chris Leo
You won't see me coming.... You never know where these conspiracy theories end up. I have heard that David Lammy is really a Chinese dwarf tasked with the fall of western society. Another theory is that David Lammy is a heavily made up Tony Blair, whose middle eastern paymasters have tasked him with the fall of western society, while another theory is that David Lammy is the bastard child of Peter "I'll have some of that guacamole" Mandleson and Diane Abbott during a cheating on Jeremy Cornyn episode and in anger, decided to bring down.........you get the drift.Alternatively, there is the theory that Theresa May is really a bloke.Penseivat Many West Yorkshire police dealers will be delighted at news that are you heading up an activist movement to establish respect and liberty for drug-dealing scum, Jaded. PCs Kerry Reeve, Adam Jackson and Inspector Keith Boots, all responsible for disposing of seized drugs, should be particularly grateful. "Alternatively, there is the theory that Theresa May is really a bloke."A pretty weedy & uninspiring one..."#drugdealingscumlivesmatter#"I doubt a little matter like this will derail the legal aid gravy train.."...all responsible for disposing of seized drugs...."And all caught & brought to justice. You must have wet your adult nappy when you saw that story MTG. Three corrupt police officers in your area......all your Christmases come at once. Jaded Post a Comment
It wasn’t long ago that people used only little camcorders for making videos but now we have a lot of options. Many are turning to DSLRs to get the job done. A good DSLR can take high-quality video, operate well in low light situations, accept external microphones, and, of course, also take high-quality still photographs. While most modern DSLRs have video capabilities, some rise above the rest when it comes to specific features that videographers want. Here we’ll talk about some of the things to look for when choosing a DSLR or mirrorless camera for video and give recommendations for some of our favorites and picks for the best mirrorless camera for video. You can also check out which photos made our list as the best Canon DSLR for any photographer. The Best DSLR for Video Best DSLRs for Video 1. Canon 5D Mark III ($129 7 day rental, $2,500 retail, body only) Canon’s ever-popular 5D Mark III may be a photography powerhouse but it works as a video camera as well. Because of its low light performance, stunning image quality, and 41 cross-type autofocus points, the 5D Mark III is the best Canon DSLR for video (as of this writing) and leads the field when it comes to autofocus points and low-light performance. While this camera, which was first released in 2012, lacks some of the features (like a flip-out screen and 4K capabilities) of newer models, its superior image quality and robust autofocus system make it worthy of a place in any videographer’s toolkit. This camera’s predecessor, the 5D Mark II, has been used extensively in television and film and was used to shoot the entire final episode of the TV show House. Check out the video above, which was shot in Iceland entirely with a Canon 5D Mark III, to see what this camera can do. 2. Sony Alpha a7S II ($171 7 day rental, $3,000 rental, body only) While we’re focusing largely on DSLRs, they aren’t the only cameras that take excellent video. Sony’s a7SII is a mirrorless camera that excels at videography. This camera has 169 autofocus points and records 4K video on its full frame sensor. Because the a7S II is mirrorless, it is smaller and weighs considerably less than the other full frame cameras on our list. This camera has built-in image stabilization and is known for working exceptionally well in low-light situations. Videographers who want the ability to take 4K video, shoot in dark conditions, and don’t want to lug around a DSLR all the time will love the a7S II. A stunning example of the a7S II’s low light performance is above. 3. Nikon D810 ($148 7 day rental, $2,800 retail, body only) The powerful D810 is the best Nikon DSLR for video (as of this writing). This camera, which was released in 2014, shoots 1080p video at 60 FPS, has a 36 MP full frame sensor, and locks into focus with its 15 cross-type (and 51 total) autofocus points. The D810 competes with Canon’s 5D Mark III—and does it well. Watch the video above to see just how good this camera is. 4. Panasonic Lumix GH4 ($83 7 day rental, $1,300 retail, body only) If you like the smaller size of the Sony Alpha a7S II but balk at the price, this may be the camera for you. The GH4 is a mirrorless micro four thirds camera that records 4K video at 24 and 30 FPS and weighs only 1.2 pounds. It has a 49-point autofocus system and 3” swivel screen. It’s also the only camera on this list that can record videos longer than 29 minutes, 59 seconds. This camera is an ideal option for budget-minded videographers who want a small but extremely powerful camera. Above is an example of what it can do. Those who want even better performance may consider waiting for the release of the GH5, which is coming out soon and is rumored to have 6K video capabilities! 5. Canon 80D ($78 7 day rental, $1,200 retail, body only) Canon’s 80D is a favorite among vloggers and videographers as a budget friendly DSLR that takes amazing video. This crop sensor camera records 1080p at 60 FPS and has fast and accurate autofocus thanks to its 45-point AF system. The 80D is a good option for videographers who want good image quality at an affordable price and who don’t need a full frame sensor or 4K recording. The 80D’s beautiful imaging can be seen above. 6. Canon T6i ($47 7 day rental, $750 retail, body only) Canon’s T6i is the newest member (as of this writing) of the Rebel line and a powerful crop sensor DSLR for aspiring videographers. This well-priced DSLR has a flip out screen, 24 MP sensor, and records 1080p video at 30 FPS. This camera is a good fit for those who like the size and video capabilities of the Nikon D3300 (below) but also want a flip screen and improved autofocus. This video above shows just how good the T6i is. 7. Nikon D3300 ($39 7 day rental, $550 retail, lens included) The D3300 is the least expensive camera on our list but don’t be fooled by its low price. This camera, which only comes as a kit if purchased (you can get the body alone if you rent), records 1080p video at 60 FPS on its 24 MP sensor. The D3300 is a suitable option for those who want good video quality at a really great price. If you think you can’t take beautiful video with an entry-level DSLR, check this out. |Camera||Canon 5D Mark III||Sony a7SII||Nikon D810||Panasonic Lumix GH4||Canon 80D||Canon T6i||Nikon D3300| |Max Video Res.||1080p at 30 FPS||4K up to 30 FPS, 1080p up to 120 FPS||1080p at 60 FPS||4K at 24 and 30 FPS||1080p at 60 FPS||1080p at 30 FPS||1080p at 60 FPS| |Sensor Size||22.3MP Full Frame||12.2MP Full Frame||36.3 MP Full Frame||16 MP Micro Four Thirds||24.2 MP APS-C||24.2 MP APS-C||24.2 MP APS-C| |Battery Life||950 shots||370 shots||900 shots||500 shots||1390 shots||440 shots||700 shots| |Screen||3.2″ rear screen||3.0” tiltable LCD||3.2″ rear screen||3″ swivel screen||3″ articulating LCD||3″ pivoting LCD||3″ rear screen| |Weight||1.89 lbs||1.4 lbs||1.9 lbs||1.2 lbs||1.6 lbs||1.2 lbs||0.9 lbs| |Autofocus||61 points, 41 cross-type||169 points||51 points, 15 cross-type||49 points||45 cross-type||19 cross-type||11 points, 1 cross-type| Features to look for in a DSLR for Video When it comes to picking the perfect camera for video, there are some important things to consider. It helps to know how, where, and why you plan to use your camera. Thinking about things like whether you will be shooting in low light, if you plan to take slow motion video, and how big of a camera you are willing to carry around will all help make your decision easier. Here are some features to consider when choosing a DSLR for videos: Autofocus Type – Modern DSLRs typically have two different types of autofocus points: cross-type and phase detection. Phase detection points are the most common and least powerful. All focus points look for contrast in the frame but phase detection points are only able to detect vertical changes in contrast. Cross-type points are able to detect both horizontal and vertical changes in contrast, allowing them to find focus better and more quickly. Simply put, the more cross-type points you have, the better your autofocus capabilities will be. Max Video Resolution – Resolution is simply a measure of how many pixels a video or image contains. The more pixels you have, the sharper your image. 4K video resolution is on the rise but it is certainly not always necessary. You may be surprised to see that two of the top cameras on our list (the Canon 5D Mark III and Nikon D810) only shoot at resolutions up to 1080p. The truth is that while 4K video may be stunningly beautiful, many screens are not able to make the most of all of those glorious pixels. But that’s not to say that 4K video isn’t worth it. Having a lot of pixels to play with gives you more cropping options in post processing, allows you to edit for different views (wide angle, zoomed in, etc.) from the same clip, and lets you pull high-quality still images from your videos. So while 1080p is more than enough (as evidenced by our recommendations for cameras that max out well before 4K), it definitely has some advantages. Videographers who want a camera that captures more data, allows for more flexibility in editing, and produces the clearest videos possible should look for 4K capabilities. Size and Weight – A camera may not seem heavy when you first pick it up but after a long day of shooting your hands and arms will feel it. One of the biggest downsides of full frame DSLRs is that they can be heavy. If you are using a tripod or plan to only shoot in smaller chunks this may not be a big deal but if you see long days behind the camera in your future, you may want to take size and weight into consideration. Mirrorless cameras (like the Sony a7SII) may be the best option for smaller videographers or those who want a lighter setup. It’s also worth noting that size and weight is one of the few places that crop sensor (APS-C) bodies have a leg up on their full frame counterparts. Crop sensor cameras are generally lighter and smaller. Battery Life – Recording video eats up camera batteries fast and other camera features like LCD screens and continuous autofocus can drain batteries even faster. While most modern DSLRs and mirrorless cameras have decent battery life, there is some variation across the models. Battery life is typically measured in still shots on one charge but it can still give an idea of how long a battery will last for recording video. You’ll likely need multiple backup batteries for recording a project, and even more to account for lower battery performance in colder climates. Sensor Size – Modern DSLRs are either full frame or APS-C (also known as crop sensor). A full frame sensor is larger, allowing it to capture more light (for better low light performance), achieve shallower depth of field, and have a brighter viewfinder. But just because they’re the gold standard in photography doesn’t mean full frame cameras are without drawbacks – like being heavy and expensive. APS-C cameras are typically lighter and cheaper than their full frame counterparts. Videographers who do not plan on shooting in low-light conditions or don’t care about achieving a shallow depth of field may want to forgo the extra cost of a full frame camera and stick with APS-C. It’s also important to know that the same lens will appear to have a to have a longer reach on an APS-C camera than it does on a full frame (see diagram above), this may be a bad thing if you like wide angle shots but it’s often appreciated by sports and wildlife photographers. Learn more about this in New DSLR Owners: What You Must Know About Full Frame vs Crop Frame Sensors Before Choosing a Lens. I/O Ports – Input/Output (I/O) ports on DSLRs allow for greater flexibility in the way the camera interfaces with your computer, phone, and other external devices. Things like headphones, microphones, and USB ports can give you more options for how you use your camera and what you connect it to. Ideally, your camera should have ports for a microphone and pair of headphones as well as HDMI out (for connecting external monitors, etc). Slow Motion – Sports and action videographers may appreciate the ability to shoot slow motion video. A high frame rate is the key to being able to slow the action down. The faster your frame rate, the more you can slow down your final product. A camera that shoots in 60 FPS or above is ideal for those who know they want to include slow motion in their videos. Lens Availability – It is important to keep in mind that when you invest in a camera with interchangeable lenses you are also investing in an entire system. A Nikon camera cannot support Canon lenses and vice versa (without using adapters, that is, which can have AF and aperture drawbacks). If there is a specific focal length or type of lens that you want to use for your videos, be sure to choose a camera body that will support it. Stabilization – Taking smooth video, especially if you are shooting handheld, is hard. Image stabilization (IS) helps to nullify the effects of camera shake. This is especially useful for videographers who will be shooting with longer lenses, as camera shake is more noticeable with increased focal length. Some cameras, like the Sony a7SII, have built-in stabilization but for most you will want to look for IS in your lenses. This is not as big of a deal for videographers who don’t plan on moving around much or will never use a longer lens but it is something to consider when investing in a camera system. The Best DSLR for Video under $500 For those who want to keep the budget down while still being able to take high-quality video, Nikon’s D3300 is the way to go. This small crop-sensor DSLR is a good way to try out videography at an excellent price. It is also a good option for a camera is a perfect way to get started while you rent other bodies to see if a more expensive one is right for you. The Best DSLR for Video under $1,000 Those who want more features and improved performance without breaking the bank will be well-served by the Canon T6i. With its robust autofocus system, flip screen, and ability to shoot high-res video, this is a camera that will make a budget-minded videographer happy for years to come. The Best DSLR for Video Overall For those who want the best quality and most features regardless of price, the Canon 5D Mark III is the obvious choice. There’s a reason this is the camera so many pros use. Despite its inability to shoot 4K video, its image quality, 41 cross-type autofocus points, and stellar low-light performance make it the best of the bunch. There are a lot of things to consider when it comes to picking a DSLR for videography and few things are as useful as actually getting your hands onto the cameras you are considering. Remember that renting cameras before you buy is a good way to be sure that you are making the right choice. Also, don’t forget to check out our other tips and tricks including this guide for the best low light video camera. Make the most out of your videography with the proper gear. Latest posts by Vivian Liu (see all) - What You Need to Start Shooting Tethered - April 4, 2017 - The 20 Best iOS and Android Apps for Photographers - March 26, 2017 - The 7 Best Mirrorless Cameras for Enthusiasts - December 27, 2016
Introduction to Online Jobs are investment free Online jobs are the need of the day; especially an online job is a worth for students, senior citizens, disable peoples and housewives. Most of the people around the globe are interested in to earn some money for their living by working online. Online job are considered as the most comfortable one as by doing these jobs an employee is free of working hours as well as transportation and other requirements of an offline job. Still there are many people who are reluctant to apply for an online job. They think that it is not possible to do such kind of job without an investment. They are not sure that even if they invest for it either the net result will be in their favor or they will end up as a loser. To your great surprise I am giving you the good news that there is no investment required if you are interested in to work for an online job. The only thing what you have to do is to look for a legitimate website which is offering the legitimate jobs to its employees. To search for a legitimate website you should have lot of patience, should be hard working, and above all it needs your time and dedications. In this article I would like to discuss some of the basic strategies which could help you to search for a genuine employer. What Tools are required for searching an online job? Keyword is a basic tool to search for required information on the net, but without a proper combination of the keyword it is not possible to achieve the favorable results. For example if you are interested in to search for a site which is giving services for dating on line the best keyword will be “online dating”, “date online” or “online dating for singles”. There is lot of search engines including Google, and Yahoo where you could start your search. Including Google AdWords there are some other services which are providing help in searching for the proper keywords. These services provide you a lot of information about the proper keywords in one click. There is no question that someone has to invest for an online job. These job are always free to all, there are hundreds of website which are directing you to such companies who are offering investment free online jobs. If any of the website or company ask you to pay before offering you a job than make it sure that it is scam. As I say that there are a lot of companies available on the net which are offering for online jobs to the job seekers. These companies are giving the full details of the job they offer for, but if still you need to have some more additional information about a job to which you are interested in then do not hesitate to contact them and ask them for the required information. Where to find an online job on the net It is easy to search a job of your choice on the net but still you need some more information which could be helpful to you to come closer to your target. Forums are one of the best examples of it. Forums are one of the best places where you could search your required information more easily. Forums are like the houses of community where people come and sit together. On online forums people discuss and share their views and experiences. If you need a good advice or if you are in search of a legitimate online job site then forums are the best place for you. You can get an honest advice from an experience member as well as there are many other members who will willingly ready to lead you to a legitimate online job site. It will be better for you to study the trends of the members of the concerned forum, see what most of them are talking about and what is interesting in it for you. Do most of the members discuss the same as what you are looking for? If the answer is in YES then you may start posting your posts and asking the other members for an online help. Ask them what you need, tell them about your experiences and qualifications. They will definitely be glad to help you. But if the answer is in a NO and the forum is not closer to your requirements then you should join some other one as net if full of the forums on different topics. Members of the forum could give you the information about the website of different companies. These companies are providing complete details of each and every job they are offering for. Most of them provide a form where you could fill in all the required information they are asking for. But again before you fill in their online form you must be very careful and should check the worth of that site on the net. See that what page rank (PR) they are having on the net. There are lots of scam companies which also work in the same way as of a legitimate one and even they offer a better package as compare to a legitimate one. Social networking is also a good source where you can search the job in the same way as what you are searching at the different online forums. Facebook, LinkedIn and google+ are some of the social networking site where thousands of people are available all-the time and are ready to help you. End credits to Online Jobs are investment free I hope that I already have discussed a lot about Online Jobs are investment free. I also hope that my readers will found this article very helpful for them. Any suggestions from my readers will be an honor for me.
Lucky Broken Girl by Ruth BeharHistorical Fiction. In 1966, things are looking up for Jewish-Cuban immigrant Ruthie: she's the hopscotch queen of her New York neighborhood, her English is getting much better, and her Papi finally let her have a pair of white go-go boots. Then a terrible car accident lands her in a full-body cast, and Ruthie is stuck in bed for nearly a year. Adjusting is hard, but with support from her diverse group of family and friends, Ruthie finds new ways to explore art, faith, and her own fears. If you like bittersweet, realistic stories about surviving tough situations, you don't want to miss Lucky Broken Girl. Real Friends by Shannon Hale; illustrated by LeUyen PhamGraphic Novel Memoir. Before she became a famous author, Shannon Hale was an awkward, imaginative girl with a mission: to find "one good friend." She thinks she's found the one in pretty, confident Adrienne -- until 5th grade, when Adrienne begins hanging out with a group of popular girls who have no problem with being mean to Shannon to make themselves seem cooler. At home, Shannon's scary older sister Wendy continues the bullying -- can Shannon ever find a place to fit in? With crisp, colorful illustrations, this honest yet optimistic memoir is perfect for fans of Raina Telgemeier's Smile or Cece Bell's El Deafo. King of the Bench: No Fear! by Steve MooreFiction. Middle school baseball player Steve suffers from a case of "Bean-O-Phobia" -- he's terrified of being beaned in the face by a baseball. This fear is just one of the many reasons that Steve spends most games on the bench alongside his friends, Carlos Diaz and Joey Linguini. Through short chapters and goofy, exaggerated cartoons, you can follow Steve as he tries to find his courage, as well as deal with a worrywart mom, a homework-eating snake, and a coach with an earwax problem. If you laugh-snorted your way through Jeff Kinney's Wimpy Kid books and want more stories about likable underdogs, this series opener is a home run. Cilla Lee-Jenkins: Future Author Extraordinaire by Susan Tan; illustrated by Dana WulfekotteFiction. Eight-and-a-half-year-old Cilla Lee-Jenkins knows that she's meant to be a big-name author someday. People will want to know her life story, but she's got to start writing it now, before it's turned upside down by "The Blob" (also known as the new baby her mom is expecting). On top of this unwelcome deadline, Cilla also has to deal with two pairs of beloved grandparents -- one Chinese, and one white -- who can't seem to get along. Anyone who's ever felt both loved and annoyed by their family will want to root for Cilla in this funny 1st book in a series. Thunder Underground by Jane Yolen; illustrated by Josee MassePoetry. What's in the ground beneath you right now? You might be surprised by the unexpected things you discover in this book of poetry about the underground world. Here, alongside whimsical cutaway artwork that gives you a peek inside the earth, you'll find poems about living things (like moles, bugs, and roots), things that are built (like rushing subways and pipes), and things that are buried (like pirate treasure and fossils). You'll even get some facts about caves, magma, and earthquakes, making this easy-to-read book a good pick for "scientists and daydreamers" (School Library Journal) alike. Maybe a Fox by Kathi Appelt and Alison McGheeFantasy. On a snowy morning in Vermont, an unusual fox kit is born. At the same moment, 12-year-old Sylvie Sherman falls into the river and disappears. Devastated, Sylvie's sister Jules struggles to find her way in an "After Sylvie" world. She finds comfort in the forest, where she can sort her treasured rock collection and catch glimpses of a fox -- a fox whose spirit is connected to Jules in ways that neither of them understands...yet. Told from the point of view of both girl and fox, this heart-wrenching yet hopeful book will appeal to mature fans of Sara Pennypacker's Pax. The Second Life of Abigail Walker by Frances O'Roark DowellFiction. Although Abby Walker is sort of friends with Kristen and the other popular girls, they've started being really mean to her. In a brave moment, Abby stands up to them -- and "that's that," no more friends. But after Abby spots a mysterious fox in her neighborhood, she soon finds herself making new friends and figuring out how to live according to her own rules. Readers who like a touch of fantasy will enjoy following the fox's story, while those who like realistic, emotional stories about friendships and family will want to read about Abby and what she's going through. Nocturnals: The Mysterious Abductions by Tracey HechtAnimal Fantasy. Animals are disappearing from the Valley every night. First, small animals like kiwis, jerboas, and a tarantula, but soon wombats, coyotes, and honey badgers go missing too. It seems like there's a kidnapper on the loose, and the Brigade -- Dawn the fox, Bismark the sugar glider, and Tobin the pangolin -- is determined to find out who it is and what they've done with the missing animals. With a twisty mystery, fascinating Australian animal characters, and just enough humor, The Mysterious Abductions kicks off the Nocturnals series, which continues in The Ominous Eye and The Fallen Star. Foxcraft: The Taken by Inbali IserlesAnimal Fantasy. After a mysterious gang of foxes burns down her home, young foxling Isla has no choice but to flee. Separated from her family, Isla tries to survive in a dangerous city full of furless (you might call them humans). There, she meets red fox Siffrin, who teaches her the magic of foxcraft…but can she truly trust him to help her find her family? Fans of Erin Hunter's books who want further sagas about complex, magical animal societies will be enchanted by this 1st adventure in the Foxcraft series -- so be sure to have book 2, The Elders, ready for when you're done! Pax by Sara PennypackerFiction. Peter and his pet fox, Pax, are best friends. Peter found the orphaned kit on the day of his mother's funeral, and the two have been together ever since. Even after Peter's father, who's headed off to fight in a war, forces Peter to abandon Pax in the wild, the two can't bear to be apart: Peter sets out to walk the hundreds of miles back to his pet, while Pax struggles to survive until their reunion. Illustrations by award-winning artist Jon Klassen enhance this moving tale, which has all the honesty and heart of classics like E.B. White's Charlotte's Web and Robert Newton Peck's A Day No Pigs Would Die. Contact your librarian for more great books!
The 2009 Summer Universiade, officially known as the XXV Summer Universiade were celebrated in Belgrade, Serbia from July 1 to 12, 2009. The event has also been organised by a range of co-host cities mostly in Vojvodina (Serbian Autonomous Province), close to Belgrade. It was the largest sporting event ever to be organised by the city. At this Universiade the biggest star was the Russian rhythmic gymnast Evgeniya Kanaeva who won 5 gold medals. Russia was the leading nation in the medal table, with most gold medals (27) and most medals (76).
In his SVG is for Everybody talk at An Event Apart in Seattle WA 2014, Chris Coyier walked through the current state of SVG and how Web designers and developers can use it on their sites today. Here are my notes from his talk: - SVG can made from essentially anything "vector". You can learn the syntax but you don't need to. If you can open it in Illustrator, you can save it as SVG. - SVG will never replace raster graphics (sets of pixels), it is good for icons, illustrations, diagrams, charts, logos, etc. - SVG is not new -its been around since 1999. It was designed for the Web but coverage was not great. - 10% of sites on the Web are using SVG according to Google. - To create SVG, you can hand-craft code or use a vector editing tool. - IE 9 does not support gradients but it does support SVG, so you can use it to create gradients in that browser. - SVG will resize itself to whatever space it has to fill, without loosing resolution. - Images set to max-width 100% will fill the size of their container and not more. With vector images, you can instead set width to 100%. - Inline SVG is just SVG code right inside HTML. You can set styles on each element in the markup. - Three big advantages to inline SVG. 1) all the elements are in the DOM so they can be styled and scripted. 2) No additional http requests are needed to load the image 3) You can define it once and reuse it again. - SVG templating system: sites need a system for icons. Use inline SVG and wrap elements with DEF tags, which makes sure it does not render. Then display: none on the whole SVG element. - From that point on, you can reference the DEFs in your SVG throughout the site. Define an object once and reuse it in many places. - You can set a folder of SVGs and use Grunt to create the inline code and DEFs you need for it. This is the idea of sprites for SVG - Unlike image sprites, SVG sprites are vector based, don't require background positioning code, can be restyled with colors, strokes, etc. (including SVG CSS controls). - You can control individual parts of SVG using CSS. You get some of these advantages with SVG images but not all of them. Icon Fonts vs. SVG - Both are vectors but icon fonts use anti-aliasing rules. - Both have CSS control but SVG has lots more: class names, target parts, SVG specific - Positioning of icon fonts is subject to line-heights and letter spacing. SVG is a lot easier to position. - Icon fonts have weird failures like CDNs/headers, IE6 supports font-face but other versions of Windows phone do not. - SVG has better semantics as it is just images instead of images in text/fonts. - Accessibility with icon fonts requires a lot of care. SVG is better as it is just an image tag. - Icon fonts win at support (IE6+) vs. SVG (IE9). Dealing with Fallbacks - SVG needs fallback for IE 6-8 and Android 2. - One fallback is to show nothing. If you are using SVG for icon enhancements, you may not need them on lower end browsers. - Multiple background support is basically as good as SVG support so you can use them as fallbacks in background-images. - You should also optimize your SVG files like you optimize other Web graphics. SVG-O is a tool that can do that for you. SVG also supports animations, filters (including CSS filters), and more. It's a massive world of potential.
I finished the custom afghan order this week and it's packed up and on it's way across the country to CA. I hope she likes it!! Now to decide what my next project will be......a crocheted scarf or maybe a prim doll? Hmmmm Hope everyone is enjoying their summer!!
The cloud formations have been magnificent lately- so I started this from a window view. I was thinking about composition ideas I've been reading about, like dominance and subordination or notan, light/dark shape relationships. Since this was small I decided to paint more thickly than I usually do, pushing the paint around. Oil on hardboard 5" X 7"
Opinion seems to be divided about ITV's Sunday night showing of the new Mansfield Park with Blake Ritson and Billie Piper. General criticisms in the media seem to be that it was too short - agreed! - and that the beginning felt rushed - also agreed! - but with a 90 minute running time, these things were inevitable. Billie Piper's acting and casting have come in for a variety of opinions, with some people thinking she was excellent and some thinking she was miscast, but overall, here on the blog, we liked her. "I think it is one of JA's better books and enjoyed the tv adaptation," says Wendy. "It's very easy to criticise the costumes and such but shouldn't we stop worrying about details and simply enjoy being entertained? When all's said and done, isn't that what every tv programme and books strives to do? Having said all that, I did think that anyone unfamiliar with the book would wonder what Mrs Norris was all about. The adverse effect she had on Fanny's upbringing wasn't apparent from tv. I hated Fanny's hair and agree that she ran around too much - she was supposed to be the ultimate poor relation, after all - but I still sat spellbound for two hours" Blake Ritson seems to have been liked by all for his portrayal of Edmund. He captured Emdund's upright qualities without making him seem preachy or a drip. Melinda found it a bit static but says, "I think this is a very difficult book to put on screen - it is the story of two nice people, so not a lot of scope there.Maybe Ken Russell could have done better." Ken Russell making Mansfield Park? Now there's a thought! And for those who can't get enough of Fanny and Edmund, why not try Edmund Bertram's Diary? The hardback (left) is already out, and the paperback (right) comes out in August 2008. Experience the story through Edmund's eyes! There are further books in the series, with Mr Darcy's Diary, Mr Knightley's Diary and Cpt Wentworth's Diary already out, and Col Brandon's Diary coming out in 2008. More details on Amanda Grange's website.
Job Opportunities in Dubai As one of the world’s fastest growing economies, there are many job opportunities in Dubai. The area has seen an enormous boom in it’s property market and as a result this has created jobs across most if not ALL industry sectors. The demand for construction jobs in Dubai has been immense with the UAE government looking to employ non UAE nationals who posses the technical ‘know-how’ as well as experience within their specialist fields. Vacancies seem to be coming through thick and fast, even through the credit crunch. With more innovative development projects being implemented all the time, engineering jobs in Dubai also seem to be well sought after as developers are looking to hire those with innovative and unique ideas. The tourism industry in Dubai accounts for the largest income (after Oil & Gas) and is still burgeoning. There are no signs of the economy slowing down or the Emirates tourism industry decelerating. Because of this, millions of visitors are flocking to Dubai year after year and those working within the corporate hospitality sectors can look to search for hotel jobs in Dubai as this is also a growth area. Whatever your background or experiences, there are always job opportunities in Dubai. If you are looking at potentially moving to Dubai, then be sure to register yourself with all the necessary job agencies so you can give yourself a head start. Living and working in Dubai offers a great opportunity for those thinking about relocating to Dubai. As a country that offers tax free earnings, a fantastic quality of life and all year sunshine, its no wonder that there are so many people who want to work in Dubai. Why not become a member of the Dubai Forum now? It’s free and only takes a few minutes to sign-up. You can find vacancies that people have posted or let people know that you are looking for work in Dubai
Re: sasl on smtps: allowing plaintext - On Wed, Jul 17, 2013 at 08:19:56AM +0200, Vincent Pelletier wrote: > Maybe I'm being paranoid, but because not all my relays support TLS IThe suggestion is I believe to use smtp_tls_policy_maps to ensure > cannot be stricter than > smtp_tls_security_level = may > without also having separate transports (if I understand correctly). > So if I do not set noplaintext and someday one of the > usually-TLS-enabled relays doesn't offer TLS (config hickup...), > postfix will AUTH. that TLS is used for destinations where you will be using plaintext # MITM resistant authenticated TLS [smtp.example.com]:587 secure match=smtp.example.com # MITM vulnerable unauthenticated TLS # Some day when provider adopts DNSSEC and publishes a suitable TLSA # RRset and you've deployed Postfix 2.11 - On Wed, 17 Jul 2013 13:37:53 +0000, Viktor Dukhovni > The suggestion is I believe to use smtp_tls_policy_maps to ensureThanks, I think I understand now: > that TLS is used for destinations where you will be using plaintext main.cf (or a few -o in master.cf's submission service): smtp_sasl_security_options = noanonymous smtp_tls_security_level = must smtp_tls_policy_maps = hash:blah This is indeed closer to the mental picture I had of the solution (host-based lookup), but I didn't notice the need for a laxist I've the idea to someday move my postfix setup to a server also sending & receiving mails for its own domain. Is it a bad idea (error-prone) to mix both of those use cases on a single postfix, generally speaking ? If I understand correctly, a setup with both roles would need your initial suggestion (which I setup successfully before noticing the - On Wed, Jul 17, 2013 at 08:10:44PM +0200, Vincent Pelletier wrote: > On Wed, 17 Jul 2013 13:37:53 +0000, Viktor Dukhovni"must" is not a valid value for "smtp_tls_security_level", see the > <postfix-users@...> wrote: > > The suggestion is I believe to use smtp_tls_policy_maps to ensure > > that TLS is used for destinations where you will be using plaintext > > authentication. > Thanks, I think I understand now: > main.cf (or a few -o in master.cf's submission service): > smtp_sasl_security_options = noanonymous > smtp_tls_security_level = must documentation for details. > smtp_tls_policy_maps = hash:blahEither a secure default and insecure exceptions, or the converse. > [127.0.0.1] none
Featured Brand Sites Product By Category Tools & Info Here's an easy chicken pot pie that'll go over big—made in muffin pan cups and baked until golden brown and delicious. No-bake cheesecake bars! Yes, you read that right. Our Birthday Cake No-Bake Cheesecake Bars take just 15 minutes to prepare, no baking required. Use up some cabbage slaw mix in this Unstuffed Egg Roll Skillet! Add ground turkey to this egg roll skillet for a hearty Healthy Living enhancement. ★★★★★ Made it? Loved it? Write a review! With no artificial preservatives and no fillers, CLASSICOTM Grated Parmesan Cheese and CLASSICOTM Grated Parmesan, Romano & Asiago Cheeses are great ways to add flavor to your dishes. Receive free expert tips & inspiring weekly recipes right to your inbox.
That day was a watershed in my transition from a talented amateur to a serious artist. I had always subscribed to the mantra "good enough is not good enough" in my profession, but until that day I had not done so as an artist. From then on I resolved that I would make things as good as I could in my art, even if that took time and effort. Which is a long way to get to how I spent yesterday afternoon. Several weeks ago I was well along on quilting a piece when I went to brush away a bit of what seemed to be black lint. Oh, the klong when I realized that the lint was actually some kind of gooey foreign substance that left a spot on the pale yellow of my quilt! Scrubbing it with a wet washcloth accomplished nothing. My next plan was to put the quilt away and work on something else -- maybe the spot would disappear. (I firmly believe that in the entire history of textile art this has actually happened at least once.) In my pre-serious days I would have cussed a few times, then carefully planned my stitching to pass over the spot and hoped that it would be camouflaged from view. I toyed with that idea for several days but this afternoon I realized that I just had to do the right thing, which of course was to cut the spot out and sew in new, clean fabric. Rather than rip out any of the quilting, I decided to slice right through the spot and piece in another narrow strip of red-and-white striped fabric. I opened a seam so the repair would be as small as possible. I chose to slice the top parallel to a nearby strip so it looked like part of the original design (the ruler runs right through the spot). To make sure I had plenty of fabric for the mend, I cut a new piece of yellow fabric at the same angle as the original piece but an inch bigger in either direction. Then I cut a new piece of stripes and stitched the new piece back into place. It was cumbersome to fold the top away from the batting and backing, and to work so close to the huge bulk of the quilted portion, but with a lot of pins and patience everything worked. PS -- note to self -- don't make any more quilts with wide expanses of plain, pale yellow. It's like wearing a white dress to cook spaghetti.
Our reviews are from genuine LateRooms.com customers. We verify that the customer has stayed before leaving a review. 95% would recommend it to a friend The Manor Lodge Guesthouse I booked a single room and I got the deluxe room for the same price as well as a huge warm wellcome and friendly and be treated like a family member with the owners, lovely couple . I am very happy that I found this place. Will Always come back whenever I am go to Bristol. The Manor Lodge Guesthouse Staff were very helpful on arrival. Room very clean. Good shower. Comfy bed. Room was a little chilly on arrival as we hit the cold snap but soon warmed up. Breakfast was great and I wish I'd had more time to hang around to make the most of it. Excellent place to stay Lovely hotel with superb room for the price good value, no nonsense comfortable accommodation, made to feel very welcome Conveniently located next to Keynsham station, the room was clean and tidy, the bed was very comfy and the gentleman working there was very friendly. I would have no hesitation staying there again Friendly, clean, excellent We stayed for 1 night and the host couldn't of been more helpful. She allowed us to check in early due to our evening arrangements. She fixed a new button on my partners jacket (which was a complete life saver!). We were able to have an extra long lie in as we didn't leave our party until late and we were then given our own breakfast even though we had missed the time slot and haven't even booked it. The room was beautiful, bed was really comfy and all finished were well done. I recommend this hotel 100% and would stay again whenever in the area. Hospitality Goes a long way Due to walking out of my previously booked hotel due to noise and frankly rude reception staff I came to the manor last minute out necessity. The Lady there was lovely, extremely accommodating, very friendly and made me a glass of orange when I arrived which I thought was really nice of her, she gave me a choice of rooms and allowed me to stay a little longer in the morning after I came off my night shift. I had a sound sleep and the bed was comfortable. It is in my view great for workers who are here on brief visits to Bristol. My only gripe, which was very small was the sausages were fried not grilled, which I personally don't like. Other than that it was a nice little family run place, run by a lovely couple. i got free wine here! Family run business and because I spoke her language she cracked a bottle of wine open for me. Cool. Fabulous rooms and very quiet. Clean and comfy. Highly recommend this place. Everything is adequate about this hotel. nothing flash, just basic accomodation Had to leave early so no breakfast. Place was clean, but basic. Excellent for the price
By Tammy Straw-Dunn Initiated by a small group of neighbors, this community message board was brought to fruition through donations & volunteered time, collaborating with The City Repair Project & the Portland Bureau of Transportation. The design, includes exciting features like living roof, re-purposed hardware, and artistic mosaic work at the foundations, created by neighbors of all ages. The South Burlingame neighborhood is a mix of residents who have lived here since they grew up in the neighborhood in the 1950s, including active senior walkers & gardeners, empty nesters, renting students, and many young, new families. The residents are excited to meet and participate in activities with their neighbors and were looking for better ways to share their interests and hear about planned activities than word-of-mouth or scattered email list serves. The planning, construction, and continued use of this message board all represent a wonderful and engaging way to foster community… that is easy for any neighborhood to replicate! Here is a fun, pictoral How-To of our process! Build form work & structure; pour concrete; remove forms once set. Collect, break, & sort tile pieces; mortar design to backer board; mortar designed panels to pair of concrete foundations; grout & sponge-rinse completed tile work. Living Roof & Sign Board Mill salvaged wood to build sign board; stain wood surfaces; build roof with waterproof membrane, root barrier, flashing, & drainage openings at lower fascia; line roof bed with moisture blanket & filter fabric; spread river rocks at lower edge for drainage & roll filter fabric beneath to hold in place; fill roof box with soil mixture; plant with sedum in autumn.
Changes in Schedules The Doane Cross Country teams will participate at the Concordia Invite on Saturday, October 6. The meet has moved up the start time of both races. The women will go at 10:00 (originally 10:30) and the men will go at 10:45. The Tiger Sports Network (TSN) has added three games to the broadcast schedule. On Wednesday, October 10, the women's & men's soccer games, as well as volleyball game at Concordia, will all be broadcasted on TSN.
I pride myself on being independent and objective and have explored the policies and planks of the three UFT caucuses and have come to some decisions on who I will be voting for in the UFT election. This post critiqued the different caucuses running in the United Federation of Teachers (UFT) elections and how I came to my decision. I hope this guides many of you to make the right choices. MORE: This is a dynamic and vibrant organization and many of my favorite educators and bloggers are running under the MORE banner. While I really want MORE to do well, their emphasis on the leftist dogma of "Social Justice" is very disturbing to me. I suspect many educators who are "moderate" like me will have a problem with MORE's "Social Justice" part of their plank and is the main reason I cannot join MORE. Nevertheless, MORE may be the first caucus that could garner enough votes in the high schools to capture a seat or two and maybe more since the hayday of ICE. New Action: This caucus, despite its leftist origin, has drifted into the center and is probably most closely aligned with my own philosophy. While I really do understand why New Action "sold their soul" to Unity for some limited power, I would never have made such a deal and despite how closely I identify with the political goals of New Action, I cannot join an organization that sold their "soul to the devil". Unity: The most dominant caucus and likely winner. However, the Unity caucus is a "top down organization" and fails to allow its members to vote on important matters that affect the classroom. I have personally experienced the smug attitude and down right arrogance of the leaders and how they lack democracy and transparency when negotiating member rights. . Examples are the ATR crises which they created from that very same 2005 contract and then changed to make the ATR's life a living hell by rotating weekly to different schools, supporting the badly flawed "race to the top" program and allowing the DOE to use Charlotte Danielson's rubric which will have a detrimental effect on the classroom teacher. Who can forget the terrible 2005 contract that made teaching in the classroom a nightmare. I could never join an organization that requires an oath that stifles dissent as a condition of advancement. Listed below are my picks President: Julie Cavanagh - MORE While Michael Mulgrew is a step up from Randi Weingarten, his failure to bring more democratic and transparent policies to better reflect member concerns was the determining factor. Secretary: Brian Jones - MORE The co-star in" the inconvenient truth of Waiting for Superman" really impressed me and he deserves a chance to bring the union into another direction. VP Special Education: Carmen Alvarez - Unity. She has done a great job and never replace what works. District 75 in particular believe her advocacy has made their life easier and the driving force to get paid for working on SESIS. Assistant Treasurer: Michael Fiorillo - MORE Few teachers are as intelligent and knowledgeable than Michael. The other two cannot compare to Mr. Fiorillo. Treasurer: Camille Eterno - MORE Mel Aaronson was a very effective Treasurer but has been long retired. I want an active teacher who understands the present day realities of the classroom to handle my money. Being married to James tells me she is a good decision maker. Executive Board: - High School - Jonathan Halabi - New Action/Unity He really tries and has been a dissenting voice in the past. Kit Wainer - MORE Is an effective advocate for the classroom teacher. James Eterno - MORE - The best there was, the best there is, and the best there ever will be. Peter Lamphere - MORE. We all know his story and I hope he wins. Other people I will be voting for: Amy Arundell - Unity. She really helps teachers. One of my heroes. Peter Zucker - MORE. A blogger and a fighter. Rona Feiser - Unity. A good person to have in your corner. Norm Scott - MORE A one person information center and that's important. Debbie Saal - MORE. Great teacher, nuff said. Richard Skibins - Unity One of the original bloggers. Angela Artis: - Unity. She's always helpful, very knowledgeable. Fransesco Portelos - MORE. Rubberized and we need him to represent those teachers in trouble. By default, I will be voting for MORE candidates when I have not identified a candidate because we need a change, despite their wrong headed "social justice" plank. Remember, if you pick a caucus slate by putting an "X" on the first page and try to select candidates, you invalidate the entire ballot. Therefore, either pick the candidates individually or select a caucus slate not both! One last point is the absense from the UFT election process is the education deformer sock puppet and "fifth columnists" Educators 4 Excellence (E4E) and the reason is that they would have been exposed as a fraud with only the fringe (less than 100 TFA educators) who would actually vote for E4E. My advise to E4E just go away, your failure to participate in the election makes your organization irrelevant to New York City teachers.
Monday morning bus stops will be full of chilly children doing the two-sneaker shuffle dance, hands stuffed in wind breaker pockets, collars turned to the breeze, the air suffuse with old bug spray. These are sure signs of fishermen parents who, forcing the hand of spring, have banished all winter clothing to dark cellar corners, creating precious space for new season valuables. Rods, spare reels, waders, trout nets, selfies with stripers can all reclaim their order in closets and on shelves. Parents will tell their children, “It was so much colder when I was a kid”, “the heat’s on at school”, or “The days are getting warmer anyway”. This annual transfer, which may possibly occur without the agreement of all household members, is a direct result of this weekend’s New England Salt Water Fishing Show in Providence, organized by the Rhode Island Salt Water Anglers Association. These three days of all things fishing is as good an indicator of spring’s arrival as the osprey’s return or the smell of warm waffle cones at Brickley’s. There are over 250 vendors to visit, including our local Snug Harbor Marina, the Lonely Angler and a personal favorite, the Fluke ‘til You Puke Tournament. Attending the show is a good logical move as it affords fishermen an opportunity to coordinate networking, purchasing, shipping and even continuing education. We can stock up on staples such as lines and lures, swivels and scum frogs, bunker oil and bait keeper hooks, while conveniently taking stock of new technologies and outdoors-themed fashions. Time should always be allocated for a troll through the worm bar. There really is a worm bar. Each day offers seminars on catching wicked tuna with captains from the National Geographic TV show, rod and reel care, rigging plastics and dragging umbrella rigs. You can purchase some nutritious black pepper wild boar jerky to enjoy while appreciating the touring replica of an 18 foot great white shark or Peter Vican’s record 77.4 pound striped bass. It’s a lot like taking your family shopping, to college then out for lunch and an art gallery. Parenting can be very rewarding. This is also a great opportunity to speak with representatives from Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management. Our government controls how where and when we fish, so if you have questions about stocking, water access, clean water, licensing or regulation changes, this is your chance. They will be at booths 114 and 115. Women and kids under 14 are free on Sunday. This year kids can practice their casts, discover small gifts as they work through a scavenger hunt and meet the RI Sea Scouts. RISAA folding tables are heaped with used tackle bargains, much of which is just right for young fishermen. The real deal, however, comes when members help kids pick out a rod or lure or offer some assistance with casting. There is a genuine gleam in their eyes. More than just getting together to talk fishing, this group does a wonderful job encouraging young people to be good fishermen. Our new world puts pressures on children from angles few of us may have imagined; they benefit from natural outlets that keep them grounded. While a light tackle tarpon Xbox battle is a fine recliner chair challenge, real memories are cast on sandy riverbanks, wearing a silly fly fishing vest-just like your Dad’s- or paddling a canoe through water lilies in total silence. A subtle tug on your rod tip can be the greatest of erasers. Based on my admittedly sketchy science, this show may also be responsible for many spring yard sales, much like my hypothesis tying the increase of yard sales to rising bay temperatures. Closets exceeding their safe carrying capacity, bulging with shoes scarves and bags-belonging to either gender, mind you- might be easily bartered for cash over a Saturday morning early bird table. This frees up necessary capital for inventory replacement well timed for the northern striper migration. There may be a low incidence of minor injuries resulting from poor prior communication. Regardless, this asset reassignment creates important space for corkers, fly rods, self-help casting books and minnow traps, which over time, develop a patina very similar to fine art. This movement may include a vital collection of camouflaged hats because, for fishermen, there is an obvious difference between too many pairs of shoes and just enough of whatever we need to go fishing in a safe, fully loaded kind of fashion. After the show there is plenty on our horizon. RIDEM is hosting a public workshop on proposed hunting and fishing rule changes on April 2 at the Arcadia Management Area. US Fish& Wildlife is offering classes on tying cinder worm patterns on Tuesday, April 29th at the Kettle Pond Visitor Center. Snug Harbor has early morning party boat trips for cod and pollock. Finally, alewives have returned to the Saugatucket and even as far north as Massachuck Creek in Barrington; they can be seen with decent sunlight at the Main Street bridge. By Monday, we will have balanced economics, continuing education and art, making for a long but rewarding weekend, while officially welcoming a long overdue season. It won’t be long now until sunrise casting into Deep Hole makes us late for work, squid reappear under the lights and our pickups get that wonderful stale salt water essence. For the bus stop crew, odds are good there is a piece of spicy hot jalapeño turkey jerky in that windbreaker pocket just large enough to take away the chill.
Begin it with a BANG! BANG BANG! hahaha! Happy New Year to our CHINESE brothers and friends! Being a Filipino, when I see and hear news about the Chinese New Year, all I have in mind is: HOW MUCH LUCK WOULD COME IN - into my POCKET, CAREER and even LOVE LIFE! lol Uhmm, I think the Chinese New Year is the most festive generous celebration in the Philippines - frankly, its like all the RICH people celebrating in a day or two, wearing RED and GOLD Chinese Costumes! HONG BAO's , DUMPLINGS , COOKIES, DRAGON DANCE, lots and lots of LUCKY CHARMS and TIKOY! And so I went to Binondo last Wenesday an the place was so festive already! Saw some men getting ready with the "DRAGON" for the dragon dance. 2014 - according to the Chinese Lunar Calendar is the YEAR of the WOODEN HORSE. Uhmmm, luck for the horse-race-betters! hahaha! It is generally predicted to be a year that brings health and prosperity and is an excellent year to travel. I sure hope those predictions are correct because I want to TRAVEL A LOT this year! Haha Shing nien kwai le, gung xi fa cai - Have a happy and prosperous new year!
I had the privilege of meeting this awesome family through a mutual friend. You can’t tell at first glance, but mom is a fighter. No, not MMA or boxing; she’s battling cancer and kicking its butt! When we sat down to talk about their session though, she didn’t want to incorporate it in their photos; the C-word already takes up enough of their energy that it didn’t need to be part of their photo session as well. She wanted to go out, have fun and make some great memories and photos to decorate their home with. So, that is just what we did. We met out at the Riparian Preserve in Gilbert (next to the Gilbert Library), its an amazing park that as you walk through, you forget that you’re in the middle of town. Little sister took a few minutes to warm up to me, but once she realized that I had my “magic smile-makers” (pink tic-tacs), then it was all grins and giggles! And big brother… man, oh, man. Mama & Dad are in for a load of trouble when the girls start knocking down their door. He’s got long eye-lashes that make me jealous, and such a charming personality! As for mom & dad, its apparent by the way they looked at each other, held hands and laughed over the kids antics, that these parents are so in love. Made me happy to create these images for them! And, seriously, check out the sunset that we got that evening! Ah-mazing! Just like them. Thank you M family for a beautiful and fun-filled photo session.
I was able to snag some great deals on punches recently. I went a lil' crazy here... Love the colors from Authentique's July Inspiration Color Challenge I used their sketch too. Celebrate the sunshine while you can~it'll be fall before you know it. Stamp:American Crafts Dear Lizzy Warble sentiment Paper:Authentique Lively collections Ink:Tsukineko Memento Ink Rich Cocoa Embossing Folder:Ellison Tim Holtz Rays EK Punches: daisy chain,lines and dots,medallion chain,Links Other:Spellbinders Label eleven,Crop-A-Dile Corner Chomper
- Obstetrics & Gynecology Dr. Tran also was the sole recipient of the Edward Mittelman Memorial Scholarship in 2003 from University of California, Irvine based on her ability to demonstrate compassion. Dr. Tran truly believes in the core principles of osteopathic medicine that a person is a unit and that the body is capable of self-regulation, self-healing, and its own maintenance. Dr. Tran was consistently praised for extraordinary surgical skills and excellent bedside manner with preventive care in mind. Dr. Tran discusses the causes and symptoms of uterine fibroids, a common health issue for woman as they age, and provide an overview of treatment options.
Rugby Union is - relative to soccer at least, where a game can be decided by a single lucky shot - a fairly predictable game in terms of results. Big teams are rarely beaten by the smaller teams because of the gulf between professional and amateur rugby. This makes South Africa’s defeat by Japan all the more stunning, particularly to the statisticians, none of whom will have predicted the result correctly. These sorts of results do not, however, suggest that data is of no use in rugby union. It used to be that rugby coaches could get away with using personal experience and gut instinct for decision making. This is no longer good enough for most clubs, with many having adopted an evidence-based approach to performance that relies on data science and analytics. Wearable technology has vastly increased the number of data points that analysts can use to leverage insights, to optimize both individual and team performance levels level. Players now wear RFID devices throughout both training and matches, so coaches can monitor their fitness levels and ensure they do not suffer from fatigue. They can also monitor areas of their game that need improvement. Such knowledge can help greatly with selection, helping to note which players are fresher and more ready for the game. Data science has revealed a number of more general points about the game as well, many of which have been long believed by coaches but not proved. For example, teams that use a kicking game tend to be more successful. The less time you spend in your own half, and the more you play in the opposition half, the more likely you are to be successful. This seems like common sense, but by looking at how it is true - running the ball in rugby leads to more collisions and rucks which drain energy, and being turned over near your try line means more tries conceded - you can reinforce methods. In terms of opposition analysis, statistics providers, such as Opta, can reveal a lot about an opponent’s playing style and find areas of weakness that can be targeted. How often a player kicks, the type of kick, and the area of the field that they tend to do it in can help predict their movements. This information does, however, still require a human to establish what the best method of defence should be, although they can look back at the data from past defence and run models to determine exactly how effective this will be. Data science is also being utilized by the RFU in order to provide fans with as satisfying an experience as possible, installing sensors all across Twickenham to provide statistics in real time that can be aired on television to drive engagement. For many of the sport’s purists, drilling the game down to numbers moving around a screen has become something of a bugbear. They argue that numbers are misleading, and they lead to the game becoming predictable. Teams can be unprepared for deviations from what the data expects, which can be easily exploited. Metrics such as tackle completion can also be misleading, with no consideration taken for power, and whether it is behind the goal line. England coach Stuart Lancaster has denied making substitutions based on GPS data, and the reluctance is understandable. It is also important to remember that sport is first and foremost entertainment, and should it turn into a purely kicking game, it is likely that it will turn many fans off, with most preferring the total rugby style of game where the ball is carried in hand more frequently.
|In general, the planning and building functions of Town government are responsible for administering policies and regulations governing use of and construction on private property. This includes zoning, subdivision, signs, design review, environmental management, shorelines, plan checking and building inspection, in addition to longer term projects such as the Town’s Comprehensive Plan, park planning, and historic preservation. In addition, staff works closely with two boards and commissions – the Planning Commission, and the Historic Preservation Commission – providing support in their respective areas of responsibility. The Town Planner is a resource for questions on land use reviews such as variances, conditional uses, subdivisions, shoreline permits, and certificates of appropriateness (design review), as well as interpretations of and amendments to the zoning code in Title 16 of the Coupeville Town Code and the Comprehensive Plan. The Building Official provides assistance on building, mechanical, and plumbing codes and permits, and code violation complaints. The Town Engineer provides engineering support to the Public Works and Utilities Superintendents, write reports required by state agencies and provides plans and calculations for water, sewer and storm utility improvements. Land-Use Applications, Building Permits, & Resources can be found here. Images on this page graciously provided by Denis Hill.
Golf Ball SBC 60W B15 Clear Ask A Product Question If you have a question about this product then please submit it below, we aim to respond within 20 minutes during office hours. Don't worry though, we'll only email in response to your question, we don't send spam or pass your details on to any third parties. - Price Promise Lowest Price Guaranteed - 520 In Stock For Immediate Dispatch - Further Availability Normally Within 2 to 3 Days A clear incandescent SBC (small bayonet cap) golf ball lamp. Produces 600 lumen of lighting output and consumes 60 watts of energy. Bulb has an energy rating of F and the average life of this bulb is approximately 1000 hours. Metal fitment at the bottom is finished in brass. Other wattages are available in the SBC range. This is part of the Golf Ball Sbc Range. Bulb Cap: B15 (Also known as SBC or 15mm Small Bayonet Cap). Light Source: SBC-B15 Incandescent. Alternative Light Source: Retrofit LED Bulbs are also available. Dimming Info: Dimmable. A high quality dimmer switch is recommended.Size: - Height: 65mm - Width: 40mm
Education and Training is the acquisition of learning, acquiring knowledge, developing skills, understanding moral values, religious beliefs, and social habits. Therefore, academic training strategy involve storytelling, group exercise, activities, discussions, directed research and much more. Generally, specific centers are allocated for the facilities of Education. However, with the development of the internet, people are now able to download educational materials and study from their own homes. Therefore, this category lists all the top selling popular products and services to facilitate online training. Top Downloadable Training Products Welcome to the top Downloadable Training products category site. Here you will discover the top educational products and service reviews and recommendations on the best selling items online. These products and services are also the most popular and reputable brands on the market today in 2017. Therefore, these products is rated 4 to 5 starts by our readers and reviewers. These top selling popular products is listed here below with brief descriptions. Right now read this simple review on Human Anatomy and Physiology Course by Dr J. Ross and quickly learn how to remember medical terms without difficulty. Read more… Education Training Tags
Here are some photos that I have found inspiration from Restoration Hardware - LOVE the side table So... After much searching here is my inspiration board. The fabrics are still TBD... We are waiting for the samples to come in and once those get here we will make a QUICK final decision, order the fabrics, and start making the bedding... That is one thing about having a round crib all bedding really does need to be custom made (by my amazing mom) because the ones sold in stores are WAY to frilly for our taste. My mom made Emma's bedding and it was amazing! We are going to cover one wall with wood and we will hang our West Elm Elephant head on that wall.. Our elephant came in the mail earlier this week and I am in love with him... I think that we will name him Harold. Also, I found the picture of the Restoration Hardware Side table after I feel in love with a unique piece from Nadeau in Alexandria. The piece looks just like the one above exceptt the storage goes the floor and the doors have distressed wood and painted numbers. (like the basket but 1-8) I LOVE the piece so much. I also think that my piece has more personality, is not as dark, and HELLO best thing is that it is half as expensive as the one on my mood board! I'm still holding on purchasing a rug until we determine fabrics and the baskets pictured above are from Restoration hardware... but this home girl will be stalking Homegoods for something similar. Lighting also up in the air. I like the light above from Shades of Light but I do not think that it will be bright enough... Plus it is outside of my budget for want I wanted to spend on lighting. Well I hope that this give you all an idea of what we are looking to accomplish in our little ones room! Now I have to turn my attention back to the laundry room... Photos on Monday!
My Mom has a birthday this week. She will be a whopping 59 years old! The sad thing is, she looks younger every time I see her! People now mistake us for sisters instead of Mother and Daughter. I like to think it is because I haven't lived in my hometown for over twenty years so people FORGET my Mom has TWO daughters. That being said, I look just like her so if I look as good as she does when I'M 59... yay genetics! This is the card I will have to express to her on Monday. My card making mojo was M.I.A. for a few days - focused on the garden at this time of year. To the rescue came the CPS 120 sketch for this week. Nestabilities Small and Large Labels were used for the image panel. The Flower image was coloured twice with PrismaColour Pencils, with the second image cut out and popped up for dimension. And this is the sentiment inside the card. Again with the Nestabilities Labels. card base measures 5 x 6.5 Papers: CTMH Perfect Day Paper Pack Sentiments: Verve Because of You Flower Image: The Greeting Farm For Someone
Monday, July 27, 2015 Let's get a little more active Happy Monday! Or better yet, I hope you have a ton of coffee to get you through this Monday. I've had this blog for a few years now, and really it's been a platform for me to showcase my Polyvore sets. Which I hope you all have enjoyed. But, it's time I actually put this blog to use. Expect weekly posts(hopefully, lets face it I'm a busy girl). Posts will range from beauty, fashion, home tips and a little bit of insight to my everyday life. If you have any suggestions feel free to shoot me a message or comment on one of my posts. Have a great week everyone!
Home game tournaments are a little more complex to organize than cash games. First of all you obviously have to pick appropriate stakes(this is actually easier than in cash games). Second, you have to set the blind structure. Third, you have to decide on prize distribution. Fourth, you have to run the tournament. Now, how do you do these things: 1.Deciding on stakes is easy, just ask around before hand how much people are willing to invest and set the buy in at an appropriate amount. Since the amount of money involved doesn't change over time(if you don't have rebuys) like in cash games, this shouldn't be too hard of a task. 2.How you set the blind structure is totally up to you. You have to decide what blind levels there are going to be and how long they are going to last. This totally depends on you, and what you want. If you want a quick gamble, set the blinds high(relative to the starting stack) and make them short... but if you want some nice deep play set long blind levels and small blinds relative to the stack size. For your convenience I've set three blind structures that you can use for 2-10 players: Turbo(30-60min of play): Starting stack: 1500 chips Blind levels last 5min Fast(60-120min of play): Starting stack: 1500 chips Blind levels last 15min Deep(4hours+ of play): Starting stack: 2000 chips Blind levels last 20-30min 3.Like the blind structure, the prize structure is totally up to you as well. There are a couple of thing you should consider while forming your own payout structure: -Number of players -Amount of prize money What I'm trying to say is that if there are more people playing there should be more paid places, if there is little money in the prize pool there should be less paid places, if the tournament last longer there should be more paid places(so players don't feel like they wasted a bunch of time). Again, it's up to you to find a balance that suits your needs, but to help you a little here are some »standard« payouts relative to the number of players playing: 2-4 players = Winner takes all! 5-7 players = 2nd gets his money back, 1st takes the rest 8-10 players = 1st: 50%, 2nd: 30%, 3rd: 20%(flatter structure) or 1st: 65%, 2nd: 25%, 3rd: 10%(top heavy structure) 4. Running a tournament can be pretty hard, but thankfully there are gadgets and apps out there that can help. The beginning shouldn't be a problem, just collect the buy ins and distribute the chips(be careful to put enough small denomination chips in play so that people can easily pay blinds). Later on, when the blinds get bigger, you can also exchange some small denomination chips for larger ones so that collecting pots won't be such a mess every time. Now, the one thing where problems usually arise is keeping track of blind levels. Here are links to some helpful apps and gadgets that will make tracking blind levels easy as pie: That's it! All the magic you need to organize a nice home game tournament. The only thing left is to call your friends and start playing! Liked what you just read? Let your friends know!
Minka Kelly Sex Tape Scandal? Could it be? With her girl-next-door-looks, Minka Kelly, has maintained her fairly clean image from her Friday Night Lights days all the way to her split with New York Yankees star, Derek Jeter. Now it seems that there is a sex tape being shopped around but Minka was rumored to be just a few days of 18 when the video was filmed. According to TMZ, Minka is aware that cameras are rolling while the video is shot. They always say even bad publicity is good publicity…hopefully producers of the upcoming film Minka just signed on with will agree. Minka is set to play Jacqueline Kennedy opposite James Marsden in The Butler. No widget added yet.
I recently read an opinion piece called “Greatest Long-Term Threat To Boeing Is The Loss Of Talent,” written by Richard Aboulafia for the industry-leading magazine Aviation Week and Space Technology. Last month, aircraft manufacturer Boeing (NYSE: BA) moved many of its defense services and support functions out of Seattle, citing competitive and cost concerns. While the author agrees with the company’s line of reasoning, he says that “it’s also important to remember that when a company takes aggressive action to move jobs and reduce labor costs, it always creates risk. In particular, key skills and experienced workers can be lost, threatening execution and company capabilities.” This article had me thinking about what it takes for a large company like Boeing to retain talent in an increasingly competitive business environment. As the author suggests, companies in a growth phase need to focus on attracting and retaining talent, but a company in a “retrenching” phase needs to focus on costs. The analogy given is Tesla versus General Motors, respectively. This in turn reminded me of a talk I attended a few weeks ago by Brian Welle, Director of People Analytics at Google. In his day-to-day role, Welle “conducts research and designs programs that strengthen Google’s Human Resources initiatives.” One of his primary areas of research is on the “unconscious bias,” a set of factors caused by our environments and experiences that influences our decision-making capabilities. Although Welle’s primary focus is to help Google employees become aware of and reduce their personal unconscious biases, during his talk he frequently mentioned the company’s overall drive to recruit and retain talent. The underlying assumption here is that Google remains in a growth phase – but I wonder what will happen when (or even if) Google reaches a point when it needs to shift focus to cost-based “retrenching” like that referred to in Aboulafia’s article. Obviously, this would require viewing Google as a mature corporation – hardly the case given the growth in the technology industry and Google’s new monetization initiatives. Furthermore, I wonder why a company like Boeing doesn’t have a similar human resources structure to Google. This may seem like an outlandish idea, but I feel that many of the human resources functions at Google can be replicated in the wildly different industry that Boeing operates in. Welle’s People Analytics team focuses on organizational behavior (OB) issues as they pertain specifically to Google – so why doesn’t Boeing focus on the OB issues that affect the aerospace & defense industry? In my earlier posts “The Failure of Crew Resource Management (Part I, Part II, and Part III),” I focused on the failure of an OB system in the aviation sector (Crew Resource Management or CRM). I think it would be interesting to see Boeing expand its human resources functions to address industry-wide OB concerns like CRM. In my mind, Google is able to recruit and retain the best talent because its human resources professionals are focused on remedying OB issues that affect the broader industry, such as the lack of women in technology and the unconscious bias in most recruiting decisions. At present, the cost issue remains crucial for Boeing’s short-run competitive strategy. But perhaps a shift towards the Google human resources model could help Boeing with its recruiting and retention issues in the long run. It’s definitely something I want to look into more. In Aboulafia’s words: “Boeing management needs to remember the greatest long-term threat to [Boeing Commercial Airplanes] isn’t the cost of labor; it’s the loss of talent and the erosion of core capabilities.”
Minister for inform as great as informative affairs Abul Kalam Azad pronounced kid reporters have been personification a critical purpose in strengthening a children’s rights transformation by their writings. He came up with a regard whilst inaugurating a two-day National Child Journalists Summit-2011 during a assembly residence of Bangladesh Institute of Administration as great as Management (BIAM) in a city Tuesday. Journalism Institute “Shishu Prakash” mutually run by Mass-line Media Center (MMC) as great as UNICEF have orderly a summit. More than 600 kid reporters from opposite tools of a nation have been in attendance a summit. “As a supervision has upheld a Right to Information Act as great as believes in giveaway upsurge of information, we have ensured sum leisure of press,” pronounced a minister. Among others, Dhaka University Vice-chancellor highbrow Dr. AAMS Arefin Siddique as great as UNICEF nation executive Carol D. Roy attended a rite as special guests. Terming kid broadcasting a singular e.g. in a history, VC Arefin said, “All a young kids contingency be courteous to posterior their studies as many of today’s kid reporters competence widespread out to assorted fields, such as healing as great as engineering, in a future.” Mentioning a origination of broadcasting sanatorium spoken “Shishu Prakash” which constructed around 3,000 pup journalists, UNICEF arch Carol D. Roy said, “They have highlighted children’s problems as great as possibilities by their broadcasting practice.’’ Executive executive of MMC Qumrul Hasan Manju presented a keynote paper whilst kid publisher Kaberi Sultana Joty presided over a function.
125 Broad Street. Where I’ve spent the past 5 years of my life. I will be saying goodbye on the 27th. I tendered my resignation today; I’m excited, sad and terrified all at the same time. Moving onwards with my life to bigger & better things! I’ll be focusing on school full time now (not like I wasn’t already, as you know!) and pushing forward with food writing. If you have any food writing gigs for me – freelance, full time, part time, whatever! – let me know 🙂 A big leap forward today… the end of an era, but the start of a new chapter – I can’t wait to see where the story goes. 😉
You may be eating better, but are you eating less? If you’re not controlling portions, you could be sabotaging your weight-loss efforts. Everydayhealth.com offers these picture guides to keep you on track Baked Potato: A Woman’s Fist You can certainly include a baked potato as part of a balanced diet. If you’re counting calories for weight loss, though, keep your potato small — about the size of a woman’s fist. “When possible, prepare potatoes with the skin intact,” Begun suggests. “Most of the fiber and many important nutrients reside in the skin.” Also, try herbs or spices rather than butter or sour cream as a topper.
State of the nation Strictly speaking I ain’t gonna talk about the ‘nation’ of the US of A, but just about New York City. I love this town in so may ways. I’ve just had a great evening down Max Fish catching up with folk and it’s been lovely. Before that I had a wonderful, busy day seeing other friends who I don’t get the chance to see often enough. So what’s the beef? Well it’s this… A lot of people are thinking of leaving New York at the moment. It’s been a while since 9/11 and the economy has at least stopped it’s tumultuous plummet towards nul points, even if it’s not exactly booming any more. The truth is that many people seem to have lost the belief that New York is an avatar of success and generator of wealth, at least in the circles I move in. People are feeling pressured to live, rather than enjoying the hey day of hard work with good rewards. Now, hard work is stated up front as a minimum requirement to get a job to just survive. And you know what? That’s arse. Pure and simple. People need enjoyment to live their lives. If their jobs don’t provide satisfaction to some level then they look elsewhere and the job becomes an impediment rather than part of a well rounded life. Consequently unhappiness sets in. This is a bad thing. Creativity and societal growth can happen anywhere, and maybe it’s simply that the time is not now New York’s, but to my mind NYC is a symbol of all that is good and creative in the US. Yes, money plays a huge part in what happens here, but the truth is that amazing things are made here and people burst with ideas that get proper support to grow. If that doesn’t happen any more then something wonderful has been lost. A symbol that helps not only the US, but a lot of the western world flourish becomes tarnished and less powerful. Not only is general creativity in flux, but human aspects of relationships seem also to be stiffled. In the same way that people aren’t investing their financial holdings in the stock market, emotional holdings are being held back for ‘safer’ engagements. Physical interactions happen, but more for the physical comfort fuck aspects than deeper emotional aspects. The art shows here are rife with sexual imagery, with little of the deeper ‘love’ type emotional ties visible in their offerings. Even if the choices of art galleries is not indicative of the current emotional tides then the behaviour in bars is much more obvious – there is a predatory aspect in place that is palpable. People want some form of contact and physical will do, spiritual and emotional can wait for the moment for better times. Most likely this is all part of life’s long term cycles of creation and hibernation/recovery. Over time New York will again regain it’s glamour, and not just on a superficial level. For now though, dealing with the emotional fall out of earlier events, and probably the ‘business first’ focus of a new mayor will continue to take its toll. I’m glad that I got to see New York at its best over the years that I lived here, and know that it will be great again when the time is right. Just a shame that it’s struggling a bit at the moment.
God worked on his most ambitious project and created man. He endowed the super toy with a tiny chip of his mind along with other gizmos. In the tropical resource rich woods on the banks of ancient rivers, human civilization flourished. The clever ones took up the job of learning and teaching. And they marketed their theories in the name of God and under the trade mark of Dharma(religion). They made rules and formulated code of conduct, which was binding on all. However, they kept the knowledge under wraps. This knowledge was only available to their families and caste. ....God's will thus far. These knowledgeable guys enjoyed their status in the society and had little materialistic desires. They believed in indestructible soul and illusionary disposition of the universe. They gave body little importance and thought that by controlling senses and mind they could attain super-natural powers and finally crack the perishable shell of matter to come out of the great illusion, they all were bound to. The creator got scared of his toy, who was about to wreck the stage he created for his entertainment. God gave a 180 degree twist to the script and started revealing algorithm and logic in nature and matter through common subjects, who were obsessed with material. A new religion was born called Science. The religion had its roots in material. It rewarded the disciples with materialistic rewards instantly. The master stroke worked. From soul, the man was swayed to material. Soul preachers and practitioners were frustrated in their wild goose chase and the toy was soon dancing on the beats of science and technology. Science describes nature by way of principles, rules, theorems etc, but all these hold good under certain limits. However, we have seen the extent and realm of these principles stretching over the time. But till now we have not had a set of rules which are not limited by conditions. Having come thus far, scientist have ample indications that it all is a digital illusion. But having their roots deep down the matter, it will be hard for them to breach the limits, which bind us all to the material. The creator is now preparing his toy for celestial launch and mobility as reward for his unperturbed obedience and faithfulness. Theatre Universe will rock with activity for a long-time as God has slyly reversed the bias of the tiny chip in the toy's brain. The poor toy has now moved far away from the switchboard to be able to switch off the light.
Go for Samsung Galaxy Star.. 1 Ghz processor, Android OS 4.1.2 Jelly Bean, 3" Capacitive Touch Screen, 4GB Internal Storage + 32GB Micro SD supported. MRP: 4990/- Only.. Five, 06 Jul 2013Impressive Indeed! i m willing to buy this phn. Does this phn supports minimizing the apps. And return to home screen. While the apps. Is running on other side? Not Complete My Expectations. As not fast as we see in videos. Sound quality in headphone brilliant but loudspeaker not so loud. Setting option/menu copy of Android 4.0(tipo). Fastlane is not like multi-tasking. Switch off phone receive copy from lumia. At least i can say it is a good but not the best in this budject. New Ui is Mix Of Android+Windows+S40=Nokia Asha Ui 1.0. Not Happy with This. Yash, 05 Jul 2013does whatsaap work on nokia 501??nokia asha 501 is good mobile First full charge battery update: After 42 hrs since my first full charge (on 4th July 11 pm) the battery is now 50% using games/calls/wifi and some usual fiddling around the phone. tripranav, 05 Jul 2013I got the phone on 3rd July at around 3pm and since then (without charging my phone at all) I ... morethis is the reason why I use asha 501 as my main phone and my lumia 820 as a media player a la iPod. instead of finding the charger every time I am back from work, I can simply put the asha on my desk and my lumia on the charging stand. I just need to charge the asha around once in 2 days, very convenient. sumanta, 06 Jul 2013Guys i m willing to buy this phn. Does this phn supports minimizing the apps. And return to ho... moreMinimizing the apps or returning to the home screen works this way on this phone: So you open an app, you can either - 1) Press the hardware back button to return to the home screen. 2) Swipe left or right from the either edges of the screen to return to the home screen. So to answer your question, yes we can easily return back to the home screen from an app but I am afraid that closes the app as well. Although I haven`t tested all the apps to check which ones run in the background but till now only the music/radio app run in the background. pinki, 06 Jul 2013how is battery after single charge and using internet? is whatsapp and viber compatible?I am currently testing the battery life. I fully charged my phone on 4th July at 11pm and since then I am still on my first full charge (today is 6th July 4:30 pm) using games/calls/wifi and some usual fiddling around the phone. About whatsapp and viber it is currently not supported. Although Nokia has said whatsapp will arrive soon on the 501 in couple of months. shams569, 06 Jul 2013this phone looks awesome and features are also good but i get dissappointed by not having 3G ... moreYes but this phone comes with Nokia Xpress browser which uses proxies to browse, which can improve speeds greatly and reduce data costs. Its very good so dont mind about 3G. this phone looks awesome and features are also good but i get dissappointed by not having 3G connectivity. now days there is no use of smart phone without 3G feature. Now i am waiting for the updated version with 3g connectivity of this phone. Dhanjit, 05 Jul 2013Battery is good sound is good overall phone is good in pictre phone looks larger in actual ... morei have heard tht whatsapp is not working on this.. n i want a new handset at 5 to 6k range with dual sim. it has dual sim but no whatsapp.vl it b updated soon? shud i wait to buy it. and wht bout map navigation or has it got ny similar feature? Hey guys can i get a help about how to download/install chatting apps like whatsapp or wechat? I think this phone dosent supports these apps and however line messenger says that it will be soon available.. Got nokia 501 y'day.. So far my experience has not been great. This is a "feature phone" n may be i expected little more than that. Phone restarts again n again while playing .avi video file of more than 160mb file size, its frustrating.. N browser is also not able to download file whose size is more than 150 mb - Pops up message "file size too large". And there are no good chat apps available as of now like whatsapp, ebuddy, line etc... I sold spice mi 425 to buy this but...i m now regretting on my decision. It is just a feature phone, dont expect smartphone capabilities as i did. Its good for those requiring only basic features like calling, messaging, playing dumb games etc, others stay away !!
Table of Contents: - Symptoms of MS - What Is Multiple Sclerosis? - Multiple Sclerosis Treatment - Early Signs of MS Part 1 of 11 What are the symptoms of MS? People with MS experience a wide range of symptoms. Due to the nature of the disease, it can vary widely from one person to another. The symptoms can change in severity from year to year, month to month, and even day to day. Two of the most common symptoms are fatigue and difficulty walking. About 80 percent of people with MS report having fatigue. Fatigue that occurs with MS is more than feeling tired. It can become debilitating, affecting your ability to work and perform everyday tasks. Difficulty walking can occur with MS for a number of reasons: - numbness of the legs or feet - difficulty balancing - muscle weakness - muscle spasticity Overwhelming fatigue can also contribute to the problem. Difficulty walking can lead to injuries due to falling. Other fairly common symptoms of MS include: - speech disorders - cognitive issues involving concentration, memory, and problem-solving skills - acute or chronic pain Part 2 of 11 What is multiple sclerosis? MS is a chronic illness involving the central nervous system. The immune system attacks myelin, which is the protective layer around nerve fibers. This causes inflammation and scar tissue, or lesions. This can make it hard for your brain to send signals to the rest of your body. Types of MS include: Relapsing-remitting MS (RRMS) RRMS involves clear relapses of disease activity followed by remissions. Symptoms are mild or absent during remission, and there’s no disease progression during the remission period. RRMS is the most common form of MS at onset. Clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) CIS involves one episode of symptoms that are due to demyelination in the central nervous system. This episode must last for at least 24 hours. The two types of episodes are monofocal and multifocal. A monofocal episode means one lesion causes one symptom. A multifocal episode means you have more than one lesion and more than one symptom. Although these episodes are characteristic of MS, they aren’t enough to prompt a diagnosis. If lesions similar to those that occur with MS are present, you’re more likely to receive a diagnosis of RRMS. If these lesions aren’t present, you’re less likely to develop MS. Primary-progressive MS (PPMS) Neurological function becomes progressively worse from the onset of your symptoms if you have PPMS. However, short periods of stability can still occur. Progressive-relapsing MS was a term people previously used for progressive MS with clear relapses. People now call it PPMS. The words “active” and “not active” are used to describe disease activity. Secondary-progressive MS (SPMS) SPMS occurs when RRMS transitions into the progressive form. You may still have noticeable relapses, in addition to gradual worsening of function or disability. Part 3 of 11 Treatment for multiple sclerosis No cure is available for MS, but multiple treatment options exist. If you have relapsing-remitting MS (RRMS), you can choose one of the disease-modifying drugs. These medications are designed to slow disease progression and lower your relapse rate. Self-injectable disease-modifying drugs include glatiramer (Copaxone, Glatopa) and beta interferons, such as: Oral medications for RRMS include: Intravenous infusion treatments for RRMS include: Disease-modifying drugs aren’t effective in treating progressive MS. Other treatments may ease your symptoms and improve your quality of life. Because the disease is different for everybody, treatment depends on your specific symptoms. For most people, a flexible approach is necessary. Part 4 of 11 Early signs of MS MS can develop all at once, or the symptoms can be so mild that you easily dismiss them. Any symptom can occur first. The following are three of the most common early symptoms of MS: - Strange sensations, such as numbness and tingling of the arms, legs, or one side of your face can occur. It’s similar to that of feeling of pins and needles you get when your foot falls asleep, but it occurs for no apparent reason. - Your balance may be a bit off, and your legs may feel week. You may find yourself tripping easily while walking or doing some other type of physical activity. - A bout of double vision, blurry vision, or partial vision loss can be an early indicator of MS. You could also have some eye pain. It isn’t uncommon for these early symptoms to go away only to return at a later date. You may go weeks, months, or even years between symptom flare-ups. These symptoms can have many different causes. If you have these symptoms, it doesn’t necessarily mean that you have MS. Part 5 of 11 Your doctor will need to perform a neurological exam, a clinical history, and a series of other tests to determine if you have MS. Diagnostic testing may include the following: - MRI is the best imaging test for MS. Using a contrast dye allows the MRI to detect active and inactive lesions throughout the brain and spinal cord. - Evoked potentials require stimulation of nerve pathways to analyze electrical activity in the brain. The three types of evoked potentials doctors use to help diagnose MS are visual, brainstem, and sensory. - A spinal tap, or lumbar puncture, can help your doctor find abnormalities in your spinal fluid. It can help rule out infectious diseases. - Doctors use blood tests to eliminate other conditions with similar symptoms. The diagnosis of MS requires evidence of demyelination in more than one area of the brain, spinal cord, or optic nerves. That damage must have occurred at different times. It also requires ruling out other conditions that have similar symptoms. This includes Lyme disease, lupus, and Sjogren's syndrome. Part 6 of 11 What causes multiple sclerosis? If you have MS, the myelin in your body becomes damaged. Myelin is the protective layer that covers nerve fibers throughout the central nervous system. It’s thought that the damage is the result of an attack by the immune system. As your immune system attacks myelin, it causes inflammation. This leads to scar tissue, or lesions. All of that inflammation and scar tissue disrupts signals between the brain and other parts of your body. It isn’t clear what may cause the immune system to attack. Is MS hereditary? MS isn’t hereditary, but having a parent or sibling with MS raises your risk slightly. Genetics may play a role. Scientists have identified some genes that seem to increase susceptibility to developing MS. Researchers think there could be an environmental trigger such as a virus or toxin that sets off the immune system attack. Part 7 of 11 What is the prognosis for people with multiple sclerosis? It’s almost impossible to predict how MS will progress in any one person. About 10 to 15 percent of people with MS have only rare attacks and minimal disability ten years after diagnosis. It’s not a medical diagnosis, but this is sometimes called “benign MS.” Progressive MS generally advances faster than relapsing-remitting MS (RRMS). People with RRMS can be in remission for many years. A lack of disability after five years is usually a good indicator for the future. The disease generally progresses faster in men than in women. It may also progress faster in those who receive a diagnosis after age 40 and in those who have a high relapse rate. About half of people with MS use a cane or other form of assistance at 15 years after receiving an MS diagnosis. At 20 years, about 60 percent are still ambulatory and less than 15 percent need custodial care. Your quality of life will depend on your symptoms and how well you respond to treatment. Most people with MS don’t become severely disabled and continue to lead full lives. This unpredictable disease can change course without warning. It’s rarely fatal, and most people with MS have a lifespan that’s close to normal. Part 8 of 11 Living with MS Most people with MS find ways to manage their symptoms and function well. You’ll face unique challenges, and those can change over time. Many people with MS share their struggles and coping strategies through in-person or online support groups. Having MS means you’ll need to see a doctor experienced in treating MS. If you take one of the disease-modifying drugs, you’ll have to make sure you adhere to the recommended schedule. Your doctor may prescribe other medications to treat specific symptoms. A well-balanced diet, low in empty calories and high in nutrients and fiber, will help you manage your overall health. Regular exercise is important for physical and mental health, even if you have disabilities. If physical movement is difficult, swimming or exercising in a swimming pool can help. Yoga classes range from beginner to advanced levels, and some are designed just for people with MS. Studies regarding the effectiveness of complementary therapies are scarce, but that doesn’t mean they can’t help in some way. The following may help you feel less stressed and more relaxed: - tai chi - music therapy MS is a lifelong condition. You should focus on communicating concerns with your doctor, learning all you can about MS, and discovering what things make you feel your best. Part 9 of 11 Dietary recommendations for people with MS Diet hasn’t been shown to impact the nature of the disease, but it can help with some of the challenges. If you have fatigue, for instance, a diet high in fats and simple carbohydrates won’t help. The better your diet, the better your overall health. You’ll not only feel better in the short term, but you’ll be laying the foundation for a healthier future. Your diet should consist mainly of: - a variety of vegetables and fruits - lean sources of protein, such as fish and skinless poultry - whole grains and other sources of fiber - low-fat dairy products - adequate water and other fluids You should limit or avoid: - saturated fat - trans fat - red meats - foods and beverages high in sugar - foods high in sodium - highly processed foods Portion control can help you maintain a healthier weight. Read food labels. Foods that are high in calories but low in nutrients won’t help you feel better. If you have coexisting conditions, ask your doctor if you should follow a special diet or take any dietary supplements. Part 10 of 11 Statistics about MS MS is the most widespread neurological condition disabling young adults worldwide. About 400,000 people in the United States have MS, though that’s only an estimate. Doctors in the United States aren’t required to report MS to any agency. According to the National MS Society, there hasn’t been a scientifically sound, national study on the prevalence of MS in the United States since 1975. Most people are between the ages of 20 and 40 when their doctor diagnoses them with MS. Women develop MS 2 to 3 times more often than men, a difference that has grown steadily for five decades. MS is more common among Caucasians of northern European ancestry than other ethnic groups. Rates of MS tend to be lower in places that are closer to the equator. The rates of MS are higher in places farther away from the equator. This may have to do with sunlight and vitamin D. People who relocate to a new location before age 15 generally acquire the risk factors associated with the new location. Part 11 of 11 What are the effects of MS? The lesions from MS can appear anywhere in the central nervous system. This means they can affect any part of your body. One of the most common symptoms of MS is fatigue, but it’s not uncommon for people with MS to also have: - some degree of cognitive impairment As you age, some disabilities from MS may become more pronounced. If you have mobility issues, you may be at an increased risk for bone fractures and breaks due to falls. Mobility issues can also lead to a lack of physical activity, which can lead to other health problems. Fatigue and mobility issues may also have an impact on sexual function. Having other conditions such as arthritis and osteoporosis can complicate matters. - About multiple sclerosis. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://multiplesclerosis.ucsf.edu/education_and_support/about_multiple_sclerosis - Adelman, G., Rane, S. G., & Villa, K. F. (2013, March 7). The cost burden of multiple sclerosis in the United States: A systematic review of the literature. Journal of Medical Economics, 16(5) 639-647. Retrieved from http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23425293 - Apatoff, B. Multiple sclerosis (MS). (2014, March). Retrieved from http://www.merckmanuals.com/professional/neurologic-disorders/demyelinating-disorders/multiple-sclerosis-(ms) - Hartung, D. M., Bourdette, D. N., Ahmed, S. M., & Whitham, R. H. The cost of multiple sclerosis drugs in the US and the pharmaceutical industry. (2015, May 26). Neurology, 84(21) 2185-2192. Retrieved from http://www.neurology.org/content/84/21/2185.full - Marrie, R. A., & Hanwell, H. General health issues in multiple sclerosis: Comorbidities, secondary conditions, and health behaviors. (2013, August 19). Continuum, 1046-1057. Retrieved from http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23917100 - Mayo Clinic staff. Multiple sclerosis. Treatment. (2015, October 1). Retrieved from http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/multiple-sclerosis/diagnosis-treatment/treatment/txc-20131903 - MS prevalence. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://www.nationalmssociety.org/About-the-Society/MS-Prevalence - MS symptoms. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://www.nationalmssociety.org/Symptoms-Diagnosis/MS-Symptoms - Multiple sclerosis and nutrition. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://my.clevelandclinic.org/ccf/media/files/Multiple_sclerosis_center/2 MS and Nutrition.pdf - Multiple sclerosis in brief. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://msfocus.org/Facts-About-MS.aspx - Multiple sclerosis FAQs. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://www.nationalmssociety.org/What-is-MS/MS-FAQ-s - Progressive-relapsing MS. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://www.nationalmssociety.org/What-is-MS/Types-of-MS/Progressive-relapsing-MS - Types of MS. (n.d.) Retrieved from http://www.nationalmssociety.org/What-is-MS/Types-of-MS - Wellness for people with MS: What do we know about diet, exercise and mood and what do we still need to learn? (2015, March). Retrieved from http://www.nationalmssociety.org/NationalMSSociety/media/MSNationalFiles/Brochures/WellnessMSSocietyforPeoplewMS.pdf - What causes multiple sclerosis? (2009, July). Retrieved from http://msfocus.org/causes-multiple-sclerosis.aspx - Who gets MS? (Epidemiology). (n.d.). Retrieved from http://www.nationalmssociety.org/What-is-MS/Who-Gets-MS
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell was in Ramsgate on January 19th and gave a speech to a packed hall. For a taste of what he had to say, including the story of how Jeremy Corbyn became leader, take a look at this video from Thanet Watch. The Labour Party will place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better. Please read this to review the updates about which cookies we use and what information we collect on our site. To find out more about these cookies, see our privacy notice. Use of this site confirms your acceptance of these cookies.
The August Challenge for our Elizabeth Craft Designs Team is to create an Asian themed project. I love the Waterlilies peel-off stickers by ECD, and decided to do a triple ring accordion card with them. I cut the coloured ring panels, and embossed them with ECD's Damask embossing folder, then used the Ring Accordion die to cut Shimmer Sheetz centre panels in matching colours. I stuck the peel-offs onto watercolour paper, and coloured them with a waterbrush pen, and some Tombow Dual Brush pens. When they were dry, I cut them out and stuck them to the Shimmer Sheetz with little foam pads. The card front. Finally, I used a Sizzix stamp with VersaMark ink and gold embossing powder for the sentiment. Some of the products used:
It's nearing that time of year again - Christmas music playing on the radio and in the stores, halloween decorations being replaced with pilgrims and turkeys and then eventually reindeer and sleighs. As a kid, I lived for these holidays, especially after spending hours drooling over the Sears and JCPenney catalogs. Now that I'm an adult (opinions vary on that point), Christmas has lost a little of its charm for me. The presents under the tree for me are more practical gifts like pants and socks, and I gave up the catalog daydreams a long time ago. All of the joy in Christmas that really remains for me is the sparkle in my kids' eyes when they open presents on Christmas morning. And I'm okay with that. However, what I'm not okay with is the annual anti-Christmas movement that goes on all around the country. Companies and organizations have been distancing themselves from the holiday by not using words like Christmas in their ads and events. Never mind the fact that without Christmas, they'd have no holiday shopping rush (who really is out there doing last-minute Kwanzaa or Hanukkah shopping?). They say it's not inclusive enough. Non-Christians will be offended. I don't really understand this mindset - I was never offended over my Jewish friend's holidays, and Kwanzaa wasn't something I'd ever heard about until the last few years. But every now and then, something beautiful happens. Something that reminds me that I'm not alone in feeling this way. Something like this: PATCHOGUE, N.Y. - A famed fireworks company is pulling out of a holiday boat parade because "Christmas" was dropped from the event's name. Fireworks by Grucci won't lend its sparkle to Patchogue's Nov. 23 parade — decorated yachts on the Patchogue River — because the organizers have renamed it the Patchogue Holiday Boat Parade. It was the Patchogue Christmas Boat Parade last year, when the Grucci company donated $5,000 worth of fireworks. The company's vice president, Philip Butler, who has criticized the secularization of Christmas in the past, said parade organizers were "using all the themes of Christmas and plagiarizing all those themes." Bravo, I say. This is a move that puts the lie to the notion of greedy corporate America. Mr. Butler has principles and has made a stand, profit be damned. I doubt you'll hear any liberals complimenting him on it though. As a consumer, I'm not really a direct customer of a company like Grucci, but if I was on a town committee that organizes fireworks displays, I'd definitely consider throwing them our business. So this December, have yourself a Merry Christmas, and if that offends you, tough shit. I'll wish it for you anyway.
The latitude and longitude gps coordinates of Gdynia (Poland) ↓reviews about this city↓ Gdynia is a city in Poland. Its area is 50 sq mi 136 km2. The city's population is 250,242. The stright distance between Gdynia and Warsaw is 188 miles (303 kilometers). Current local time in Gdynia: August 18, 2017, 8:07 pm; Percent change from previous month (Jul 2017) by the visitors: -30% Distance between Gdynia (Poland) and an optional place as the crow flies: The geographical location (geolocation) of Gdynia is on the north and east hemisphere. Current temperature and weather in Gdynia (Poland): F 66.2
An 800lb bride-to-be has her NINE-foot-waist measured ahead of big day For some, having a wedding dress custom-made is a luxury, but for Susanne Eman it is the only way she will be sure her gown fits. The morbidly obese Arizona mother who is hoping to set a world record for being the fattest human, is busy planning her wedding to chef, Parker Clack, and the dress needs to cover all 800 pounds of her. That is, all except her bulging arms as the 32-year-old says she’d like to be sleeveless for her summer nuptials. While Ms Goff sets about preparing for her job, Ms Eman has her own goal for the big day: not to be deterred from reaching her target weight of 1,600lbs by the time she is 41 or 42. That means that Ms Eman will continue eating 30,000 calories a day that her husband gladly cooks and feeds her. The larger than life unemployed bride-to-be told Inside Edition: ‘Oh, he’s wonderful. He loves to cook. That helps out. His food is soooo good.’ The day of her appointment with the seamstress, Ms Eman and her sister Cassie made a pit stop for snacks and arrived at Ms Goff’s with a spread of three guacamole bacon cheeseburgers, two orders of chili cheese fries, nine tacos, a chocolate shake and a large Coke. That is just a small portion of the daily diet that has given her a waist size of 107.5 inches, or, nine, staggering feet. After being measured, Ms Eman also tried on veils and head pieces, talking excitedly about her expectations for the wedding. ‘I’m feeling like a bride. I can’t wait,’ she gushed. ‘I like an off-whitish, not completely white. Because if I wear completely white, I guarantee I’m going to spill something on it.’ On their way: Sister Cassie wheels Ms Eman to the car for their trip to the seamstress but first they must stop to get snacks Tucking in: The mother of two eats three guacamole bacon cheeseburgers, two orders of chili cheese fries, nine tacos, a chocolate shake and a large Coke Spilling food is a likely possibility for this bride. While details of the catering menu for the big event is not known, the couple insist that despite the gargantuan quantity of food consumed by Ms Eman, she likes to eat healthily. Mr Clack has said of her ambition: ‘I support her because it makes her happy, and I love big women. ‘I do worry about her health of course, but I try to make sure she eats some healthy food like salad, and I make sure she does exercises. She’s taken up swimming since we met and we love to swim together.’ Love at first bite: Susanne Eman and Parker Clack met online and bonded over their shared love of food Happiness: The morbidly obese heavyweight believes that her goal of becoming the fattest human will remove the stigma that fat is bad seeing as she believes she is healthy, her sons are happy and she has found love Her doctor does not agree with his patient’s mission but Ms Eman believes she can reach her target weight without endangering her life and worrying about her two sons. Ms Eman has said in the past: ‘I want to try and break the stigma that being fat is bad. And it’s helped me to find love, so what’s wrong with that.’ Maid of honour, Cassie, shared her excitement for her sister’s future exclaiming with delight as they looked at fabrics: ‘Oh my God, I can’t wait to see her in the actual dress.’ Fit? Ms Eman tries to stay mobile and healthy by swimming and ‘waddling’ and though her doctors warn her against pursuing her dream of creaking the record, she believes she in no danger
“Shipmates, this book, containing only four chapters—four yarns—is one of the smallest strands in the mighty cable of the Scriptures. Yet what depths of the soul does Jonah’s deep sealine sound! what a pregnant lesson to us is this prophet! What a noble thing is that canticle in the fish’s belly! How billow-like and boisterously grand! We feel the floods surging over us; we sound with him to the kelpy bottom of the waters; sea-weed and all the slime of the sea is about us! But WHAT is this lesson that the book of Jonah teaches? Shipmates, it is a two-stranded lesson; a lesson to us all as sinful men, and a lesson to me as a pilot of the living God. As sinful men, it is a lesson to us all, because it is a story of the sin, hard-heartedness, suddenly awakened fears, the swift punishment, repentance, prayers, and finally the deliverance and joy of Jonah. As with all sinners among men, the sin of this son of Amittai was in his wilful disobedience of the command of God—never mind now what that command was, or how conveyed—which he found a hard command. But all the things that God would have us do are hard for us to do—remember that—and hence, he oftener commands us than endeavors to persuade. And if we obey God, we must disobey ourselves; and it is in this disobeying ourselves, wherein the hardness of obeying God consists. “With this sin of disobedience in him, Jonah still further flouts at God, by seeking to flee from Him. He thinks that a ship made by men will carry him into countries where God does not reign, but only the Captains of this earth. He skulks about the wharves of Joppa, and seeks a ship that’s bound for Tarshish. There lurks, perhaps, a hitherto unheeded meaning here. By all accounts Tarshish could have been no other city than the modern Cadiz. That’s the opinion of learned men. And where is Cadiz, shipmates? Cadiz is in Spain; as far by water, from Joppa, as Jonah could possibly have sailed in those ancient days, when the Atlantic was an almost unknown sea. Because Joppa, the modern Jaffa, shipmates, is on the most easterly coast of the Mediterranean, the Syrian; and Tarshish or Cadiz more than two thousand miles to the westward from that, just outside the Straits of Gibraltar. See ye not then, shipmates, that Jonah sought to flee world-wide from God? Miserable man! Oh! most contemptible and worthy of all scorn; with slouched hat and guilty eye, skulking from his God; prowling among the shipping like a vile burglar hastening to cross the seas. So disordered, self-condemning is his look, that had there been policemen in those days, Jonah, on the mere suspicion of something wrong, had been arrested ere he touched a deck. How plainly he’s a fugitive! no baggage, not a hat-box, valise, or carpet-bag,—no friends accompany him to the wharf with their adieux. At last, after much dodging search, he finds the Tarshish ship receiving the last items of her cargo; and as he steps on board to see its Captain in the cabin, all the sailors for the moment desist from hoisting in the goods, to mark the stranger’s evil eye. Jonah sees this; but in vain he tries to look all ease and confidence; in vain essays his wretched smile. Strong intuitions of the man assure the mariners he can be no innocent. In their gamesome but still serious way, one whispers to the other—”Jack, he’s robbed a widow;” or, “Joe, do you mark him; he’s a bigamist;” or, “Harry lad, I guess he’s the adulterer that broke jail in old Gomorrah, or belike, one of the missing murderers from Sodom.” Another runs to read the bill that’s stuck against the spile upon the wharf to which the ship is moored, offering five hundred gold coins for the apprehension of a parricide, and containing a description of his person. He reads, and looks from Jonah to the bill; while all his sympathetic shipmates now crowd round Jonah, prepared to lay their hands upon him. Frighted Jonah trembles, and summoning all his boldness to his face, only looks so much the more a coward. He will not confess himself suspected; but that itself is strong suspicion. So he makes the best of it; and when the sailors find him not to be the man that is advertised, they let him pass, and he descends into the cabin. “‘Who’s there?’ cries the Captain at his busy desk, hurriedly making out his papers for the Customs—’Who’s there?’ Oh! how that harmless question mangles Jonah! For the instant he almost turns to flee again. But he rallies. ‘I seek a passage in this ship to Tarshish; how soon sail ye, sir?’ Thus far the busy Captain had not looked up to Jonah, though the man now stands before him; but no sooner does he hear that hollow voice, than he darts a scrutinizing glance. ‘We sail with the next coming tide,’ at last he slowly answered, still intently eyeing him. ‘No sooner, sir?’—’Soon enough for any honest man that goes a passenger.’ Ha! Jonah, that’s another stab. But he swiftly calls away the Captain from that scent. ‘I’ll sail with ye,’—he says,—’the passage money how much is that?—I’ll pay now.’ For it is particularly written, shipmates, as if it were a thing not to be overlooked in this history, ‘that he paid the fare thereof’ ere the craft did sail. And taken with the context, this is full of meaning.
Cost of living in Sialkot, Pakistan compared to Aksu, China WARNING! This comparison is based on only a few data points. At this point it is only a guess. It is based on 47 prices entered by less than 5 different people. These prices were last updated on July 10, 2017. Exchange rate: 0.06341 CNY / PKR * Do you live in Aksu? We need your help! What do you think about this comparison? Cost of living in Sialkot (Pakistan) is 37% more expensive than in Aksu (China) For example, you would need at least 元7,827 (₨123,443) in Sialkot to maintain the same standard of living that you can have with 元5,700 in Aksu. Recent Prices Added - Combo meal in fast food restaurant (big mac meal or similar) in Leicester costs £4.00 (3 minutes ago) - Monthly rent - 900 sqft furnished accommodation in expensive area in Austin, Texas costs $2,033 (9 minutes ago) - Volkswagen golf 1.4 tsi 150 cv (or equivalent), with no extras, new in La Serena costs CH$14,990,000 (10 minutes ago) - Public transport in Vancouver costs C$93 (14 minutes ago) - One-way ticket in public transport in Zurich costs CHF 10 (15 minutes ago) - Monthly rent - 85 m2 furnished accommodation in expensive area in Jyväskylä costs €1,000 (25 minutes ago)
What some folks don't seem to understand is that NOTHING will ever appease the AAC, or the Network (same group, different name). They want a split. That's been their goal from the beginning. The plan has been to get themselves recognized as an "alternative Anglican province" in North America, get the Episcopal Church kicked out of the Anglican Communion, and then claim ownership of all assets previously held by TEC (with Bob Duncan as the new Archbishop, of course). One would think that the article in the Washington Post over a year ago; Plan to Supplant Episcopal Church USA Is Revealed, regarding the leaked Chapman letter would have been enough to wake up most Episcopalians to what was going on. Here's just a small piece of that document; During the months of Stage 1, we will begin to reform our relationships to build the Network of Anglican Communion Dioceses and Parishes. We will move to initiate support structures for fellowship and strategy, We will act courageously and faithfully to support "at risk" parishes. We will creatively redirect finances. We will refocus on Gospel initiatives. We will innovatively move around, beyond or within the canons to "act like the church God is making us". Stage 1 will enable congregations/clusters to keep clear use of their buildings for the foreseeable future, and would give critical time to strengthen our leadership circles for what promises to be a turbulent spiritual season.The Via Media groups interpreted the Chapman letter this way; Stage 2 will launch at some yet to be determined moment, probably in 2004. During this phase, we will seek, under the guidance of the Primates, negotiated settlements in matters of property, jurisdiction, pastoral succession and communion, If adequate settlements are not within reach, a faithful disobedience of canon law on a widespread basis may be necessary. The letter speaks for itself. Property, not piety is keeping dissident parishes in the Episcopal Church. In the longer term, the AAC expects to use foreign intervention to trump American law and the Episcopal Church Constitution and Canons. Its leaders are assuring dissident parishes that the Anglican primates, a consultative body with no governing authority or standing in the United States, will ride to the rescue of Network parishes, negotiate property settlements and transfer the assets of 2.3-million-member church to a group representing perhaps a tenth of that body. The Chapman letter reveals the AAC's "realignment" for what it really is -- the overthrow of the Episcopal Church by extra-legal means.The defense was that this was just the opinion of one person, was not the view of the AAC/Network, and various other smoke and mirrors tactics which seemed to have successfully removed this letter from the consciousness of many Episcopalians. Since then, more documents have come to light as a result of legal action taken by Calvary Episcopal Church against certain officials of the Diocese of Pittsburgh, including Bishop Duncan. Calvary felt the need to do this because of planned diocesan canonical changes that would allow Pittsburgh not to be bound by the canons of the Episcopal Church, thus allowing the diocese to claim title to all property. This was seen as the first step in a plan by some officials of the diocese of Pittsburgh to leave the Episcopal Church. The court documents used to prove that there was indeed a plan to leave the Episcopal Church are quite revealing. The link is to a rather large pdf file (sorry folks). The entire thing is worth reading, but you may want to jump right to the last dozen pages, which shows copies of the documents placed in evidence. Interestingly, every one of the members of the "Dromantine Six" (those lurking about the primates' meeting in Ireland who were chastised by name by PB Griswold this last week) make an appearance in these pages. I'll just mention a few things that jumped out at me. The first piece of evidence is what appears to be a verbatim transcript of an earlier hearing, in which the Chapman letter was dismissed as "one individual...(making) notes on a piece of paper." A bit weak, it seems to me, but ok, let's move on. The next document, which appears to have "Mainstream Meeting" scribbled at the top, dated 11/20/03, seems to be from a meeting of Network/AAC bishops. It has quite a few enlightening pieces to it, but the ones that caught my eye were near the bottom; "D. We intend to cross diocesan boundaries...F. We commit to the guerrilla warfare of the next year." Oh, that's what was going on in Ireland; guerilla warfare? Imagine that. Next follows a few e-mails. The one from Hugo Blankingship, an attorney, is worth noting. He states, "John Rees won't listen to anything but our staying in ECUSA." Who is John Rees? The legal consultant assigned to the Eames Commission, the body which drafted the Windsor Report. The plan was to have the recognition of a separate province included as one of the recommendations in the WR. Since it looked like that wasn't going to happen (it didn't), plan B was to make sure "that changes if pressure within the Communion builds up." The next rather revealing document is an e-mail from Diane Knippers, President of the Institute on Religion and Democracy, with whom the AAC/Network shared office space, board members and wealthy contributors for many years. To refresh your memory, the IRD started as an anti-communist grant clearinghouse during the Reagan era, focusing especially on Central America (does Iran-Contra and death squads in Nicaragua, El Salvador and Honduras ring a bell?) When they ran out of communists, they turned on the mainline Protestant churches. Knippers begins with this statement; "...I believe it will be increasingly important for the Network to take on the various functions of a Church." Sure sounds like a planned coup d'etat to me. We then see Knipper's continued inclination towards clandestine operations in the last paragraph; "I'm still on the SCER (Standing Committee on Ecumenical Relations) - but not because I could honestly represent the Episcopal Church in ecumenical dialogue...I'll resign when I need to, but I would like to hang in there as an obstinate and contrary voice a bit longer." Infiltrate and be a subversive element; hmmm...that tactic sounds familiar. Take a careful look at the "Draft Proposal for Overseas AEO" (Alternative Episcopal Oversight). This is where the foreign bishops come in. It's all spelled out in black and white. I wonder how Abp. Akinola is going to feel when it dawns on him he's been merely a pawn in the plan? What conclusion do you come to when you read this stuff? What I see is a handful of folks, primarily bishops, priests, and attorneys, trying to orchestrate a takeover of the Episcopal Church; building this "parallel universe" on the backs of our gay and lesbian members. To the troops, they scream about the bible and tradition. Among themselves, it's all about property and power. The sad thing is, I know quite a few good folks who have bought their...what was the phrase they used?...oh yea; "road shows," and are going to really be hurt when they wake up one day and realize they've been hoodwinked by a band of scoundrels, and in the name of God, no less.
At the height of NYFW, Janine Just Inc. presents TechStyle NYC, a day-to-night leisure of experiences at the nexus of fashion & technology, drawing influential media, bloggers, & celebrities into one fashion-forward event. Set above the bustle of fashion week, the lounge offers a welcome reprieve to VIPs to discover, the new, next and now among the emerging brands curated into the showcase. The event had a wonderful turnout and attendees enjoyed the chance to celebrate NYC’s fashion week in techsy style! But just who are the brands that attended the event? What’s their take on the event industry? And what did they think of TechStyleNYC? We took the opportunity to interview a few of the attendees and over the next few days will be featuring their interviews, read on for a peek inside the experience: We talked to Sara Shake and Jonna Piira, Co-founders of Kali First of all, please tell our readers about you – what is the company all about? Kali is an organic tampon subscription box that donates $1 from every box sold to Girl Up, a campaign that is a part of the United Nation’s Foundation. We are leading what we call the “Tampon Revolution” to educate women about the benefits of choosing organic when it comes to their feminine hygiene products. We shipped our first boxes in December of 2015 and are gaining new Kali Girls everyday. What were the 3 keys to getting the company off the ground – where did you invest your time? We subscribe to the Traction model, so 50% of our time was spent on discovering the most effective traction channels and 50% of our time was spent on product development. Once we were live, we made adjustments quickly to adapt to what our customers were asking for, which is why almost immediately we implemented customized ordering frequency and started working on additional products (in this case organic cotton pads and liners, due out this Summer). Just having participated in TechStyle NYC, what role do live events play in your branding and marketing initiatives? Events give us the chance to connect with our target audience and tell the story of our brand in person. Events have also given us an amazing platform to change the conversation around women’s menstruation and make it a topic that is no longer spoken about in whispers. We also love explaining the concept to men, and have been extremely impressed at how many men are supportive of the products and movement towards organic. What was a successful social media campaign you hosted that showed great engagement and traction? We have had the opportunity to work with some amazing influencers along the way and have seen many subscriptions come from reviews posted on social media from women like The Goofy Mermaid, NiHao New York, Foxy Boss Life, and The Strong Movement. Initially, we used Thunderclap to launch the Kali website and had a great response. Finally, what is your favorite app? We recently did a wrap up of our favorite wellness apps on our blog, right now we are really loving TalkSpace, ZocDoc, and period-tracker, Clue. For travel, you can’t beat the AirBnb app, and of course we live by our JetBlue app.
Tour Type: Pilgrimage and Heritage Duration: 2 Nights/3 Days Destination Covered: Hindu and Buddhist Pilgrimage site Group Size: 1 & above Arrival city: Kathmandu Departure City: Kathmandu Meals: Daily Breakfast Price: Budget, Standard, Deluxe & Luxury Day 01: Arrival transfer and Evening Arati at Pashupatinath temple Arrive in Kathmandu. Upon arrival you will be welcomed by airport representative waiting at Kathmandu airport with sign-board with your name just outside the arrival hall. You will be assisted and transfer to your hotel. In the evening, you will drive to Pashupatinath area. Enjoy short darshan of the temple and go to the bank of the holy river Bagmati to witness evening Arati dedicated to Lords of the animals “Pashupatinath”. Return back to hotel. Overnight at Hotel in Kathmandu Day 02: Full-day visit to temples and Stupas – Pashupatinath, Budanilakantha temple & Boudhnath Morning start your sightseeing tour with first visit to Pashupatinath temple. Enjoy full darshan inside temple and if interested for “Special Pooja” then can do the same at this time. For special pooja you need to obtain special permit at-least a week in advance and we can organize the same for you. However the price depends on the pooja you are looking and every arrangements will made by the temples. After visit at Pashupatinath temple, you will proceed to Boudhnath stupa located 3 Kilometers away from the temple. Boudhnath stupa is also known as “Mini Tibet” and one of the largest Buddhist stupa in Nepal. This stupa is surrounded by Tibetan settlements and monasteries. You will witness Buddhist rituals and traditions at Boudhnath area which is en-circle by Buddhist prayer flags and mane. In the afternoon, you will visit to Budanilakantha temple located on north of Kathmandu. The Budhanilkantha statue of the Hindu god Vishnu, located approximately 10 kilometers from the center of Kathmandu at the base of the Shivapuri Hill, is the largest and most beautiful stone carving in all of Nepal. It is also the most enigmatic. Carved from a single block of black basalt stone of unknown origin, the Budhanilkantha statue is 5 meters in length and it lies in a reclining position inside a recessed tank of water (representing the cosmic sea) that is 13 meters in length. Called the Sleeping Vishnu, or Jalakshayan Narayan, the statue depicts the deity reclining on the twisting coils of the cosmic serpent Shesha (Shesha is the eternal, multi-headed king of the serpent deities known as Nagas, and also is the servant of Vishnu). Vishnu’s legs are crossed and the eleven heads of Shesha cradle his head. Vishnu’s four hands hold objects that are symbols of his divine qualities: a chakra or disc (representing the mind), a conch-shell (the four elements), a lotus flower (the moving universe) and the club (primeval knowledge). Return to hotel for overnight. Overnight at Hotel in Kathmandu Day 03: Patan Durbar Square with Krishna temple and Departure transfer Morning visit to Patan Durbar Square another UNESCO site located in Kathmandu. Patan is known as “City of Beauty” and visit to Patan Durbar Square offer excellent opportunity to see local Newari people, ancient Royal complexes and architecture of medieval era. Stroll narrow lanes of Patan visiting Patan Durbar Square, Krishna temple, Mahaboudhi stupa and Golden temple. Patan is also famous for metal works and wood carvings. Today special highlights at Patan is famous Krishna temple. It is built in the Shikhara style imported from India although it is unique in its own way. The stone carvings along the bean above the first and second floor pillar is most notable. The first floor pillar carvings narrate the events of the Mahabharata, while on the second floor there are visual carvings from Ramayana. The temple was built in 1637 by King Siddhinarasimh Malla. It is said that one night the King saw the Lord Krishna and his consort Srimati Radha standing in front of the royal palace. He ordered a temple to be built on the same spot. There are 21 golden pinnacles in the temple. Below the pinnacles are 3 stories. The first floor holds the main shrine of Lord Krishna with shrines of Radha and Rukmini at each side. The second floor is dedicated to Lord Shiva and the third to Lokeshwor(Lord Buddha). The square is crowded with thousands of Hindu Pilgrims and devotees during Krishnastami. After visit, transfer to Kathmandu airport in time to board your flight back home. We guarantee best price with personalize services. Send us your inquiry to our Holiday experts assisting travelers in our area since 15 years. Get Free Information -2 nights at Hotel in Kathmandu as per your budget -Daily breakfast at hotel -Necessary airport transfers in Kathmandu with assistance -Air-conditioned private vehicle for sightseeing tours and airport transfers -An English speaking professional guide for sightseeing tours -Vehicle related expenses such as Parking, Toll taxes & fuel -Government taxes as applicable Monument entrance fees, meals except breakfast and Nepal visa fee will be extra and payable directly. |Name of the client ||13 Sep 2010 ||8 Sep 2011 ||25 Oct 2011 ||01 Mar 2013 ||09 Apr 2014 ||12 Oct 2015 ||18 Mar 2016 ||20 Apr 2016
I heard this week from Ian Kleinman -- our own personal Mr. Wizard, the man who brought molecular gastronomy to Westminster and blew the heads clean off almost everyone who was lucky enough to walk through the doors of O's Steak and Seafood when he was running his molecular gastronomy tasting menus there. But Kleinman was laid off from his chef's gig at O's this fall, and took some time to relax, unwind and spend time with his family. Well, he's apparently done with that. Because now he's started a catering company called The Inventing Room. "It's named after the place where Willy Wonka thought up his sweetest concoctions," Kleinman announced on his blog, Food 102 (pretty much required reading for any of you food geeks in the audience). "The Inventing Room team will provide one-of-a-kind food experiences for holiday parties, corporate gatherings and celebrations with family, friends and foodies." One-of-a-kind is something of an understatement whenever Kleinman is involved in a project. He'll be offering liquid nitrogen ice cream parties, Miracle Fruit tastings, homemade soups (the guy really is a master at doing soups) and customized four-course molecular-tasting menus for anyone who asks (and is willing to pay, of course). All of this is good news for anyone who has need of instant peanut butter ice cream, food pills, Guinness gelee or s'mores spring rolls. Anyone who's truly interested in the extremes to which food can be taken and the flavors that live there -- out on the edge of the possible. And it's also the perfect business plan for a guy who once made a pulled sugar Oompa Loompa while at culinary school. If you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters. SHOW ME HOW You have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in! Kleinman really is our own private Willy Wonka, our chef-jacketed mad scientist, pushing the boundaries of what's possible and what's sane in a world of food too often mired in tradition and copy-cat-ism. If I might paraphrase Roald Dahl and Gene Wilder just a bit: "Meine Damen und Herren, der Inventing Room," said Wonka with a flourish. "Now remember, no messing about. No touching, no tasting, no telling. You see, all of my most secret inventions are cooking and simmering in here. Old Slugworth would give his false teeth to get inside for just five minutes, so don't touch a thing!" For more information on the Inventing Room, check out Kleinman's blog or drop him an e-mail at email@example.com. He'll have a website up and running shortly, and promises more surprises in store.
Cast-Iron Skillets: Three Reasons They’re Great Learn how to care for your skillet and reap its benefits. Ever wonder what the big fuss is about when it comes to cast iron for your everyday cooking? There are plenty of benefits in using cast iron. Here are the top three: - Nonstick properties: When properly cared for, cast iron has a naturally nonstick surface that minimizes the amount of oil you need to cook. - Iron Fortified: Cast iron also increases the iron content of food up to 20 times, especially when it’s an acidic food such as tomato sauce. The longer the food has contact with the pan, the more it absorbs. Iron is an important mineral and is beneficial in producing red blood cells. - Versatile: Cast iron's third great strength is its versatility. You can use it for sautéing, deep or shallow frying, stir frying and baking. It can be used on an electric or gas stove, on an open fire or in an oven. Another bonus is that the pan evenly distributes heat, promoting uniform cooking. To season your pan properly, follow these simple steps: - Hand-wash the pan with hot water. No soap is needed. Never place a cast-iron skillet in the dishwasher due to the detergent’s effect of removing the seasoning. - Remove burnt-on food by scrubbing the pan with coarse salt and a nonmetal brush. - Dry the pan immediately after each wash and lightly coat the surface with a neutral oil such as canola or coconut oil. Although there are many benefits in using a cast iron skillet, be aware that these pans are heavy and require a little bit more attention than a typical pan. To find out more about cooking with cast iron cooking, visit www.Lodgemfg.com. More Health Tips Sometimes women who have been very careful about their eating habits during pregnancy may forget, during nursing, that their bodies are still the source of nutrition for their child. Treating IBS symptoms could be as simple as changing the way you eat! Check out these 5 tips to ease your symptoms. Making a baby isn’t always as easy as it seems. Studies examining the rates of infertility in the United States have estimated that 12-18% of couples are unable to conceive after 1 year of trying without the use of any contraceptive method. Make good health decisions even when you're eating off a menu. Here are 5 tips to for a healthier you! 3 fool-proof ways to transform leftovers into new and exciting meals Having trouble fitting in 5-9 serving of your daily vegetable needs? Don't worry - we'll help you sneak them in!
A two year old video posted to YouTube over the weekend conjured up raw emotions from the father who could only watch as a Transportation Security Administration official swabbed his wheelchair-bound son for explosives. "I'm pretty angry," Matt DuBiel recalled Monday as he watched the video again. "I start talking to my wife and I noticed he's shaking." The incident happened at Midway International Airport during the spring of 2010, he said. DuBiel said he rediscovered the clip of his then-3-year-old son, Rocco, while looking over old family videos with his oldest son. DuBiel said he was troubled explaining to his son that he stood there and watched a TSA employee swab his younger brother's legs, arms, even his bare back for more than three minutes. "My biggest problem with this experience is looking him in the eye and telling him that this sort of thing is OK," DuBiel said. "And this is no big deal. And that's the part I regret." This episode happened before the TSA changed guidelines for child screenings. "The new modified screening measures have greatly reduced, though not eliminated, pat-downs of children," the TSA said in a statement. "While recognizing that terrorists are willing to manipulate societal norms to evade detection, our officers continue to work with parents to ensure a respectful screening process for the entire family at the checkpoint." DuBiel said he doesn't fault the employee heard on the video talking with Rocco, saying he was just following protocol. The TSA said the boy was given extra attention because his wheelchair couldn't pass through the metal detector. DeBiel said the most troubling part of his experience was having to wheel his son to that screening area. By doing so, he said he went around security and doesn't remember walking through metal detectors or imaging devices himself.
The Congo is a tropical country in western Africa located at the equator. Formally called the Republic of the Congo, or Republique du Congo in its local language, it was formerly named as French Congo when it became a colony of the French and Middle Congo when it became part of the French Equatorial Africa. It is bordered by the countries of Gabon in the west, the Democratic Republic of Congo in the east, the Angola exclave of Cabiada in the South, and Central African Republic and Cameroon in the north, and the Atlantic Ocean in its coast. Its capital city is Brazzaville which is located on the Congo River across Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo. Brazzaville is named after the Frenchman Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza who made possible the colonization of the country of Congo by the French. It is largest city in the country, both by land area and population, followed by Pointe-Noire. Pointe-Noire is located in the southern part of the country and is its main port for trade and industry. The Republic of the Congo is a French-speaking country and French is the language being used in almost all communication situations. It is used as the medium of instruction in schools and is being taught as a subject as well. It is used in the government and in general conversations. With almost hundreds of ethnic groups in the country, it is inevitable that each region has their own mother tongue and lingua franca, but French remains to be the dominant language used by the Congolese especially in trade with their export and import partners.
Last updated on OCTOBER 01, 2014 Applies to:Oracle Enterprise Single Sign-On Suite - Version 10.1.4.1 to 10.1.4.1 [Release 10gR3] Information in this document applies to any platform. Reviewed for currency on 01-Oct-2014 Resolve HTTP Error 403 "Access Forbidden" When Attempting to Access the Enrollment or Reset Pages in Password Reset Sign In with your My Oracle Support account Don't have a My Oracle Support account? Click to get started Million Knowledge Articles and hundreds of Community platforms
Mediation is sometimes confused with relationship counselling - In actual fact mediation is not designed to explore whether it is possible or desirable to save the relationship. Mediation is instead designed to assist when there has been or will be a separation and both parties involved want to deal with the practicalities of that separation as amicably and productively as possible. The key difference with mediation is that we would help both parties together, as opposed to one individual. This means that as mediators we are impartial and therefore cannot give either party legal advice but we can give a lot of legal information, using our skills as legal advisors. Mediation can deal with the following: - Arrangements for formalising the separation - Living arrangements - Financial arrangements - Children arrangements - Communication difficulties If you are interested in mediation once you contact us we will need to contact your partner to invite them to mediation. If you are both willing to mediate, we shall firstly arrange initial meetings with you both individually, and then secondly, arrange the joint meetings to discuss the issues you want to address. You will set the agenda for mediation meetings so you will be able to give priority to the most important issues you are seeking to resolve. Our mediators at Eric Robinson are Beverley Pym and Vicki Rawlins. Mediation can be conducted at any of our offices. Mediation costs are on a fixed fee basis. If you are interested in mediation, please contact Beverley Pym on 01489 788922 or firstname.lastname@example.org. If you want to discuss your options in greater detail, to help you decide which process to follow and which service you would like us to provide, we do offer an 30 minute options meeting, free of charge. Within this meeting we will not give you any legal advice on your family situation, but we will go through these options in greater detail, including cost and process information. Please note that due to issues of impartiality, we will need to carry out conflict of interest checks for all of these alternative options. These checks will tell us if there is any reason due to confidential information held by Eric Robinson, we will not be able to assist you. In addition, please note that if we give you any advice on your family law matter, we will then not be able to act for you as your mediators as we would no longer be impartial. Therefore if you are undecided as to which route to follow, we would recommend an options meeting so we are not prevented from acting as your mediators if you do decide that to be the route you wish to take. Family Mediation Solicitors in Southampton, Winchester, The New Forest and the South Coast Contact our Family Mediation Solicitors in Southampton, Winchester, The New Forest or the surrounding areas by using the drop down below. Alternatively, visit our people page to speak to a member of staff directly. If you would like to book either an initial free legal advice appointment, or an options meeting, please contact the office of your choice as follows: Bitterne - 023 8042 5000 Chandlers Ford - 023 8025 4676 Hedge End - 01489 788922 Lymington - 01590 647670 Winchester - 01962 897890
1 Date: OAHU SPINE & REHAB Patient Information Form Pt. Number: First Name Last Name Date of Birth / / Address City State Zip Home Ph ( ) Work Ph ( ) Age Social Security # - - Sex: M / F Driver s License # Occupation Employer Work Address City State Zip Spouse s Name Spouse s Employer Emergency Contact Phone # ( ) How were you referred to our office? Do you have any type of health insurance coverage? Y / N Policy/Group # Name of Insured Social Security # - - Insurance Company Phone # ( ) Current Health Problems (Why are you here?): Are any of these problems related to: Work Injury / Auto Accident / Other List any other doctors consulted for these problems: Name Phone # ( ) Name Phone # ( ) I hereby authorize and assign to Oahu Spine & Rehab ("OSR") and their doctors my rights to receive payments from negligent parties or from insurance companies. I authorize OSR to release any information to any insurance carrier, adjuster, attorney, or government agency that will assist in the payment for services rendered by OSR and its doctors. I understand that any x-rays taken by OSR are the property of this office and cannot be released directly to the patient. Patient s Signature Date 2 OAHU SPINE & REHAB PATIENT HISTORY Name Date 1. What seems to be the problem? What s the worst? 2. When did this start? 3. What did you do to hurt yourself? 4. Describe the pain... sharp, dull, burning, throbbing, etc. 5. Is it getting better or worse? 6. Is the pain constant or does it come and go? If it comes and goes, how often does it hurt? 7. Have you ever had this problem before? When? 8. Do you have any pain in the shoulders, arms, or legs? Any tingling or numbness? What is it? 9. Can you find a comfortable position which seems to relieve your symptoms? What is it? 10. Have you done anything for this? Heating pad? Help? Ice? Help? Aspirin, Advil, Tylenol? Help? Ben Gay, Deep Heat, Icy Hot? Help? 11. What seems to aggravate this? 12. Have you ever seen a Medical Doctor about your back or this condition? If so, what was the diagnosis? What was the treatment? Drugs? 13. Are you on Medication now? What? What for? 14. Have you ever had any surgery? What? 15. Have you ever been to a chiropractor before? When was the most recent time? What for? What did he/she do? (treatment) 16. What do you do for a living or during the day? Activities? 17. Is this so bad you can t work? (Yes) or (No) Does it slow you down at work? (Yes) or (No) Does it keep you from doing anything that you want to do? Does it keep you from sleeping? (Yes) or (No) How does this affect you? 3 Oahu Spine & Rehab Informed Consent I hereby request and consent to the performance of procedures, which may include but is not limited to various modes of physical therapy, diagnostic x-rays, medical doctor, and/or chiropractic adjustments on me (or the patient named below, for whom I am legally responsible) by the doctor named below and/or other licensed doctors who now or in the future treat me while employed by, work or associated with or serving as back up for Oahu Spine & Rehab, including those working at the center or office listed below or any other office or center. I have had an opportunity to discuss with the doctor named below and/or with other office or clinic personnel the nature and purpose of chiropractic adjustments and/or other procedures. I understand and am informed that in the practice of medicine and in the practice of chiropractic there are some risks to treatments including, but not limited to, fractures, disk injuries, strokes, and dislocations and sprains. I do not expect the doctor to be able to anticipate and end explain all risks and complications, and I wish to rely on the doctor to exercise judgment during the course of the procedure which the doctor feels at the time, based upon the facts then known, is in my best interests. I have read or have had read to me, the above consent. I have also had the opportunity to ask questions about its content, and by signing below I agree to the above-named procedure. I intend this consent form to cover the entire course of treatment for my present condition and for any future condition(s) for which I seek treatment. TO BE COMPLETED BY PATIENT Patient s Name: Signature of Patient Date Signed: Signature of Representative: TO BE COMPLETED BY PATIENT S REPRESENTATIVE IF PATIENT IS A MINOR OR PHYSICALLY OR LEGALLY INCAPACITATED Patient s Name: Signature of Patient Date Signed: Signature of Representative: TO BE COMPLETED BY DOCTOR OR STAFF Oahu Spine & Rehab, 970 N. Kalaheo Ave., Suite C-316, Kailua, HI Name of Doctor s treating this patient: 1. PIN# 2. PIN# 3. PIN# 4 2003 American Medical Association All Rights Reserved Reproduction and use of this form by physicians and their staff is permitted. Any other use, duplication or distribution of this form by any other party requires the prior written approval of the American Medical Association, Health Law Division. OAHU SPINE & REHAB NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. If you have any questions about this Notice please contact our Privacy Officer who is Anela Rodenhurst This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information to carry out treatment, payment or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law. It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information. Protected health information is information about you, including demographic information, that may identify you and that relates to your past, present or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care services. We are required to abide by the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices. We may change the terms of our notice, at any time. The new notice will be effective for all protected health information that we maintain at that time. Upon your request, we will provide you with any revised Notice of Privacy Practices. You may request a revised version by accessing our website, or calling the office and requesting that a revised copy be sent to you in the mail or asking for one at the time of your next appointment. 1. USES AND DISCLOSURES OF PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION Your protected health information may be used and disclosed by your physician, our office staff and others outside of our office who are involved in your care and treatment for the purpose of providing health care services to you. Your protected health information may also be used and disclosed to pay your health care bills and to support the operation of your physician s practice. Following are examples of the types of uses and disclosures of your protected health information that your physician s office is permitted to make. These examples are not meant to be exhaustive, but to describe the types of uses and disclosures that may be made by our office. Treatment: We will use and disclose your protected health information to provide, coordinate, or manage your health care and any related services. This includes the 5 coordination or management of your health care with another provider. For example, we would disclose your protected health information, as necessary, to a home health agency that provides care to you. We will also disclose protected health information to other physicians who may be treating you. For example, your protected health information may be provided to a physician to whom you have been referred to ensure that the physician has the necessary information to diagnose or treat you. In addition, we may disclose your protected health information from time-to-time to another physician or health care provider (e.g., a specialist or laboratory) who, at the request of your physician, becomes involved in your care by providing assistance with your health care diagnosis or treatment to your physician. I should also be known that, as a Physical Medicine Clinic, Oahu Spine & Rehab is an open environment and as such, it is possible that some of your information, including name and condition(s), may be seen and/or overheard by other patients in the clinic during your treatment process. If you object to this, please contact our Privacy Officer immediately so we can make accommodations. Payment: Your protected health information will be used and disclosed, as needed, to obtain payment for your health care services provided by us or by another provider. This may include certain activities that your health insurance plan may undertake before it approves or pays for the health care services we recommend for you such as: making a determination of eligibility or coverage for insurance benefits, reviewing services provided to you for medical necessity, and undertaking utilization review activities. For example, obtaining approval for a hospital stay may require that your relevant protected health information be disclosed to the health plan to obtain approval for the hospital admission. Health Care Operations: We may use or disclose, as needed, your protected health information in order to support the business activities of your physician s practice. These activities include, but are not limited to, quality assessment activities, employee review activities, training of medical students, licensing, fundraising activities, and conducting or arranging for other business activities. We will share your protected health information with third party business associates that perform various activities (for example, billing or transcription services) for our practice. Whenever an arrangement between our office and a business associate involves the use or disclosure of your protected health information, we will have a written contract that contains terms that will protect the privacy of your protected health information. We may use or disclose your protected health information, as necessary, to provide you with information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you. You may contact our Privacy Officer to request that these materials not be sent to you. We may use or disclose your demographic information and the dates that you received treatment from your physician, as necessary, in order to contact you for fundraising activities supported by our office. If you do not want to receive these materials, please American Medical Association All Rights Reserved 6 contact our Privacy Officer and request that these fundraising materials not be sent to you. Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures That May Be Made Without Your Authorization or Opportunity to Agree or Object We may use or disclose your protected health information in the following situations without your authorization or providing you the opportunity to agree or object. These situations include: Required By Law: We may use or disclose your protected health information to the extent that the use or disclosure is required by law. The use or disclosure will be made in compliance with the law and will be limited to the relevant requirements of the law. You will be notified, if required by law, of any such uses or disclosures. Public Health: We may disclose your protected health information for public health activities and purposes to a public health authority that is permitted by law to collect or receive the information. For example, a disclosure may be made for the purpose of preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability. Communicable Diseases: We may disclose your protected health information, if authorized by law, to a person who may have been exposed to a communicable disease or may otherwise be at risk of contracting or spreading the disease or condition. Health Oversight: We may disclose protected health information to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law, such as audits, investigations, and inspections. Oversight agencies seeking this information include government agencies that oversee the health care system, government benefit programs, other government regulatory programs and civil rights laws. Abuse or Neglect: We may disclose your protected health information to a public health authority that is authorized by law to receive reports of child abuse or neglect. In addition, we may disclose your protected health information if we believe that you have been a victim of abuse, neglect or domestic violence to the governmental entity or agency authorized to receive such information. In this case, the disclosure will be made consistent with the requirements of applicable federal and state laws. Food and Drug Administration: We may disclose your protected health information to a person or company required by the Food and Drug Administration for the purpose of quality, safety, or effectiveness of FDA-regulated products or activities including, to report adverse events, product defects or problems, biologic product deviations, to track products; to enable product recalls; to make repairs or replacements, or to conduct post marketing surveillance, as required. Legal Proceedings: We may disclose protected health information in the course of any judicial or administrative proceeding, in response to an order of a court or administrative American Medical Association All Rights Reserved 7 tribunal (to the extent such disclosure is expressly authorized), or in certain conditions in response to a subpoena, discovery request or other lawful process. Law Enforcement: We may also disclose protected health information, so long as applicable legal requirements are met, for law enforcement purposes. These law enforcement purposes include (1) legal processes and otherwise required by law, (2) limited information requests for identification and location purposes, (3) pertaining to victims of a crime, (4) suspicion that death has occurred as a result of criminal conduct, (5) in the event that a crime occurs on the premises of our practice, and (6) medical emergency (not on our practice s premises) and it is likely that a crime has occurred. Coroners, Funeral Directors, and Organ Donation: We may disclose protected health information to a coroner or medical examiner for identification purposes, determining cause of death or for the coroner or medical examiner to perform other duties authorized by law. We may also disclose protected health information to a funeral director, as authorized by law, in order to permit the funeral director to carry out their duties. We may disclose such information in reasonable anticipation of death. Protected health information may be used and disclosed for cadaveric organ, eye or tissue donation purposes. Research: We may disclose your protected health information to researchers when their research has been approved by an institutional review board that has reviewed the research proposal and established protocols to ensure the privacy of your protected health information. Criminal Activity: Consistent with applicable federal and state laws, we may disclose your protected health information, if we believe that the use or disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of a person or the public. We may also disclose protected health information if it is necessary for law enforcement authorities to identify or apprehend an individual. Military Activity and National Security: When the appropriate conditions apply, we may use or disclose protected health information of individuals who are Armed Forces personnel (1) for activities deemed necessary by appropriate military command authorities; (2) for the purpose of a determination by the Department of Veterans Affairs of your eligibility for benefits, or (3) to foreign military authority if you are a member of that foreign military services. We may also disclose your protected health information to authorized federal officials for conducting national security and intelligence activities, including for the provision of protective services to the President or others legally authorized. Workers Compensation: We may disclose your protected health information as authorized to comply with workers compensation laws and other similar legallyestablished programs American Medical Association All Rights Reserved 8 Inmates: We may use or disclose your protected health information if you are an inmate of a correctional facility and your physician created or received your protected health information in the course of providing care to you. Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information Based upon Your Written Authorization Other uses and disclosures of your protected health information will be made only with your written authorization, unless otherwise permitted or required by law as described below. You may revoke this authorization in writing at any time. If you revoke your authorization, we will no longer use or disclose your protected health information for the reasons covered by your written authorization. Please understand that we are unable to take back any disclosures already made with your authorization. Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures That Require Providing You the Opportunity to Agree or Object We may use and disclose your protected health information in the following instances. You have the opportunity to agree or object to the use or disclosure of all or part of your protected health information. If you are not present or able to agree or object to the use or disclosure of the protected health information, then your physician may, using professional judgement, determine whether the disclosure is in your best interest. Facility Directories: Unless you object, we will use and disclose in our facility directory your name, the location at which you are receiving care, your general condition (such as fair or stable), and your religious affiliation. All of this information, except religious affiliation, will be disclosed to people that ask for you by name. Your religious affiliation will be only given to a member of the clergy, such as a priest or rabbi. Others Involved in Your Health Care or Payment for your Care: Unless you object, we may disclose to a member of your family, a relative, a close friend or any other person you identify, your protected health information that directly relates to that person s involvement in your health care. If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure, we may disclose such information as necessary if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment. We may use or disclose protected health information to notify or assist in notifying a family member, personal representative or any other person that is responsible for your care of your location, general condition or death. Finally, we may use or disclose your protected health information to an authorized public or private entity to assist in disaster relief efforts and to coordinate uses and disclosures to family or other individuals involved in your health care. 2. YOUR RIGHTS Following is a statement of your rights with respect to your protected health information and a brief description of how you may exercise these rights American Medical Association All Rights Reserved 9 You have the right to inspect and copy your protected health information. This means you may inspect and obtain a copy of protected health information about you for so long as we maintain the protected health information. You may obtain your medical record that contains medical and billing records and any other records that your physician and the practice uses for making decisions about you. As permitted by federal or state law, we may charge you a reasonable copy fee for a copy of your records. Under federal law, however, you may not inspect or copy the following records: psychotherapy notes; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of, or use in, a civil, criminal, or administrative action or proceeding; and laboratory results that are subject to law that prohibits access to protected health information. Depending on the circumstances, a decision to deny access may be reviewable. In some circumstances, you may have a right to have this decision reviewed. Please contact our Privacy Officer if you have questions about access to your medical record. You have the right to request a restriction of your protected health information. This means you may ask us not to use or disclose any part of your protected health information for the purposes of treatment, payment or health care operations. You may also request that any part of your protected health information not be disclosed to family members or friends who may be involved in your care or for notification purposes as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices. Your request must state the specific restriction requested and to whom you want the restriction to apply. Your physician is not required to agree to a restriction that you may request. If your physician does agree to the requested restriction, we may not use or disclose your protected health information in violation of that restriction unless it is needed to provide emergency treatment. With this in mind, please discuss any restriction you wish to request with your physician. You may request a restriction by submitting that request directly to our office. You have the right to request to receive confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location. We will accommodate reasonable requests. We may also condition this accommodation by asking you for information as to how payment will be handled or specification of an alternative address or other method of contact. We will not request an explanation from you as to the basis for the request. Please make this request in writing to our Privacy Officer. You may have the right to have your physician amend your protected health information. This means you may request an amendment of protected health information about you in a designated record set for so long as we maintain this information. In certain cases, we may deny your request for an amendment. If we deny your request for amendment, you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and we may prepare a rebuttal to your statement and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal. Please contact our Privacy Officer if you have questions about amending your medical record American Medical Association All Rights Reserved 10 You have the right to receive an accounting of certain disclosures we have made, if any, of your protected health information. This right applies to disclosures for purposes other than treatment, payment or health care operations as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices. It excludes disclosures we may have made to you if you authorized us to make the disclosure, for a facility directory, to family members or friends involved in your care, or for notification purposes, for national security or intelligence, to law enforcement (as provided in the privacy rule) or correctional facilities, as part of a limited data set disclosure. You have the right to receive specific information regarding these disclosures that occur after April 14, The right to receive this information is subject to certain exceptions, restrictions and limitations. You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this notice from us, upon request, even if you have agreed to accept this notice electronically. 3. COMPLAINTS You may complain to us or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights have been violated by us. You may file a complaint with us by notifying our Privacy Officer of your complaint. We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint. You may contact our Privacy Officer, Anela Rodenhurst at (808) or via for further information about the complaint process. This notice was published and becomes effective on September 19, American Medical Association All Rights Reserved 11 NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OAHU SPINE & REHAB 970 N. Kalaheo, Suite C-316 Kailua, HI I understand that, under the Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPPA ), I have certain rights to privacy regarding my protected health information. I understand that this information can and will be used to: Conduct, plan and direct my treatment and follow-up among the multiple healthcare providers who may be involved in that treatment directly and indirectly. Obtain payment from third-party payers Conduct normal healthcare operations such as quality assessments and physician certifications. I have received, read and understand your Notice of Privacy Practices containing a more complete description of the uses and disclosures of my health information. I understand that this organization has the right to change its Notice of Privacy Practices from time to time and that I may contact this organization at any time at the address above to obtain a current copy of the Notice of Privacy Practices. I understand that I may request in writing that you restrict how my private information is used or disclosed to carry out treatment, payment or health care operations. I also understand you are not required to agree to my requested restrictions, but if you do agree then you are bound to abide by such restrictions. Patient Name Relationship to Patient Signature: Date: OFFICE USE ONLY I attempted to obtain the patient s signature in acknowledgement on this Notice of Privacy Practices Acknowledgement, but was unable to do so as documented below: Date: Initials: Reason: 12 Oswestry Low Back Pain Scale Please rate the severity of your pain by circling a number below: No pain Unbearable pain Name Date Instructions: Please circle the ONE NUMBER in each section which most closely describes your problem. Section 1 Pain Intensity Section 6 Standing 0. The pain comes and goes and is very mild. 0. I can stand as long as I want without pain. 1. The pain is mild and does not vary much. 1. I have some pain on standing but it does not increase with time. 2. The pain comes and goes and is moderate. 2. I cannot stand for longer than 1 hour without increasing pain. 3. The pain is moderate and does not vary much. 3. I cannot stand for longer than ½ hour without increasing pain. 4. The pain comes and goes and is severe. 4. I cannot stand for longer than 10 minutes without increasing pain. 5. The pain is severe and does not vary much. 5. I avoid standing because it increases the pain immediately. Section 2 Personal Care (Washing, Dressing, etc.) Section 7 Sleeping 0. I would not have to change my way of washing or 0. I get no pain in bed. dressing in order to avoid pain. 1. I get pain in bed but it does not prevent me from sleeping well. 1. I do not normally change my way of washing or 2. Because of pain my normal nights sleep is reduced by less than dressing even though it causes some pain. one-quarter. 2. Washing and dressing increase the pain but I 3. Because of pain my normal nights sleep is reduced by less than manage not to change my way of doing it. one-half. 3. Washing and dressing increase the pain and I find it 4. Because of pain my normal nights sleep is reduced by less than necessary to change my way of doing it. three-quarters. 4. Because of the pain I am unable to do some washing 5. Pain prevents me from sleeping at all. and dressing without help. 5. Because of the pain I am unable to do any washing and dressing without help. Section 3 Lifting Section 8 Social Life 0. I can lift heavy weights without extra pain. 0. My social life is normal and gives me no pain. 1. I can lift heavy weights but it gives extra pain. 1. My social life is normal but it increases the degree of pain. 2. Pain prevents me lifting heavy weights off the floor. 2. Pain has no significant effect on my social life apart from limiting 3. Pain prevents me lifting heavy weights off the floor, but I can my more energetic interests, e.g., dancing, etc. manage if they are conveniently positioned, e.g., on a table. 3. Pain has restricted my social life and I do not go out very often. 4. Pain prevents me lifting heavy weights but I can manage light 4. Pain has restricted my social life to my home. to medium weights if they are conveniently positioned. 5. I have hardly any social life because of the pain. 5. I can only lift very light weights at most. Section 4 Walking Section 9 Traveling 0. I have no pain on walking. 0. I get no pain when traveling. 1. I have some pain on walking but it does not increase 1. I get some pain when traveling but none of my usual forms of with distance. travel make it any worse. 2. I cannot walk more than 1 mile without increasing pain. 2. I get extra pain while traveling but it does not compel me to seek 3. I cannot walk more than ½ mile without increasing pain. alternate forms of travel. 4. I cannot walk more than ¼ mile without increasing pain. 3. I get extra pain while traveling which compels to seek alternative 5. I cannot walk at all without increasing pain. forms of travel. 4. Pain restricts me to short necessary journeys under ½ hour. 5. Pain restricts all forms of travel. Section 5 Sitting Section 10 Changing Degree of Pain 0. I can sit in any chair as long as I like. 0. My pain is rapidly getting better. 1. I can sit only in my favorite chair as long as I like. 1. My pain fluctuates but is definitely getting better. 2. Pain prevents me from sitting more than 1 hour. 2. My pain seems to be getting better but improvement is slow. 3. Pain prevents me from sitting more than ½ hour. 3. My pain is neither getting better or worse. 4. Pain prevents me from sitting more than 10 minutes. 4. My pain is gradually worsening. 5. I avoid sitting because it increases pain immediately. 5. My pain is rapidly worsening. TOTAL 13 The Neck Disability Index Patient name: File# Date: Please read instructions: This questionnaire has been designed to give the doctor information as to how your neck pain has affected your ability to manage everyday life. Please answer every section and mark in each section only the ONE box that applies to you. We realize that you may consider that two of the statements in any one section relate to you, but please just mark the box that most closely describes your problem. SECTION 1-PAIN INTENSITY I have no pain at the moment. The pain is very mild at the moment. The pain is moderate at the moment. The pain is fairly severe at the moment. The pain is very severe at the moment. The pain is the worst imaginable at the moment. SECTION 2-PERSONAL CARE (Washing, Dressing, etc.) I can look after myself normally, without causing extra pain. I can look after myself normally, but it causes extra pain. It is painful to look after myself and I am slow and careful. I need some help, but manage most of my personal care. I need help every day in most aspects of self care. I do not get dressed; I wash with difficulty and stay in bed. SECTION 3-LIFTING I can lift heavy weights without extra pain. I can lift heavy weights, but it gives extra pain. Pain prevents me from lifting heavy weights off the floor, but I can manage if they are conveniently positioned, for example, on a table. Pain prevents me from lifting heavy weights off the floor, but I can manage light to medium weights if they are conveniently positioned. I can lift very light weights. I cannot lift or carry anything at all. SECTION 4-READING I can read as much as I want to, with no pain in my neck. I can read as much as I want to, with slight pain in my neck. I can read as much as I want to, with moderate pain in my neck. I can t read as much as I want, because of moderate pain in my neck. I can hardly read at all, because of severe pain in my neck. I cannot read at all. SECTION 5-HEADACHES I have no headaches at all. I have slight headaches that come infrequently. I have moderate headaches that come infrequently. I have moderate headaches that come frequently. I have severe headaches that come frequently. I have headaches almost all the time. SECTION 6-CONCENTRATION I can concentrate fully when I want to, with no difficulty. I can concentrate fully when I want to, with slight difficulty. I have a fair degree of difficulty in concentrating when I want to. I have a lot of difficulty in concentrating when I want to. I have a great deal of difficulty in concentrating when I want to. I cannot concentrate at all. SECTION 7-WORK I can do as much work as I want to. I can do my usual work, but no more. I can do most of my usual work, but no more. I cannot do my usual work. I can hardly do any work at all. I can t do any work at all. SECTION 8-DRIVING I can drive my car without any neck pain.. I can drive my car as long as I want, with slight pain in my neck. I can drive my car as long as I want, with moderate pain in my neck. I can t drive my car as long as I want, because of moderate pain in my neck. I can hardly drive at all, because of severe pain in my neck. I can t drive my car at all. SECTION 9-SLEEPING I have no trouble sleeping. My sleep is slightly disturbed (less than 1 hr sleepless). My sleep is mildly disturbed (1-2 hrs sleepless). My sleep is moderately disturbed (2-3 hrs sleepless). My sleep is greatly disturbed (3-5 hrs sleepless). My sleep is completely disturbed (5-7 hrs sleepless). SECTION 10-RECREATION I am able to engage in all my recreation activities, with no neck pain at all. I am able to engage in all my recreation activities, with some neck pain at all. I am able to engage in most, but not all, of my usual recreation activities, because of pain in my neck. I am able to engage in few of my recreation activities, because of pain in my neck. I can hardly do any recreation activities, because of pain in my neck. I can t do any recreation activities at all. Instructions: 1. The NDI is scored in the same way as the Oswestry Disability Index. 2. Using this system, a score of 10-28% (i.e., 5-14 points) is considered by the authors to constitute mild disability; 30-48% is moderate; 50-68% is severe; 72% or more is complete.
A number of puppets from the Muppets show sesame street have been donated to the museum of American history in Washington DC. One of the Muppets that got donated was miss piggy. also join here was Kermit the frog. and joined this week was cookie monster .Bert. Ernie, Elmo and Fozzie bear.
Earlier this month, the Seattle Times ran a thoughtful article about a long journey for Microsoft contractors to unionize. The short story is these “perma-temps” where seeking benefits and stability afforded permanent Microsoft employees. Please read here before proceeding further so you have the proper context about what I plan to say. Many words have been written over the past two years about the changing nature of the relationship between partners and vendors. My own take is that partners pride themselves as technology and business advisors providing value as consultants to clients. That’s what gets us up in the morning. No doubt about it. But in a quantitative-based “Marketing 2.0” world of measurable metrics, the SMB vendors have become not nice people, viewing us as “resellers” who have no other passion than to sell licenses. Their Jim Crow language about “partnering” and their degrading actions are repulsive and highly offensive to our culture. And they don’t care. It’s all about the monthly pipeline report. Unknowingly they are increasingly biting the hand that feeds them. This sets up the dynamic for considering some type of organization. When relationships are out of balance, there will be a reaction. Just ask the US Republican party in this Fall’s elections. Given over 80% of the SMB Nation tribe self-identifies themselves as MSPs, I’d offer this is a segment you shouldn’t ignore. Years ago, under the late Jim Locke, the fledging SMB Technology Network (SMBTN) messaged aspects of organizing as a collective to bargain both against and fairly with the vendors. It was one of its pillars if not mission statement. While its intentions were noble, it didn’t execute broadly to truly organize MSPs to cut better deals with vendors and receive better treatment. So in the spirit of late August crowd sourcing, use the comment section to tell me what you think. Should MSPs lead a revolution? PS - this topic is just in time for Labor day next week LOL!
A Lap Puppy Diary by SEMPCAmember Tom Fielitz Early in the 23 year history of the Cannonball One Lap of America race, a competitor was asked what motivated him to come back every year. His response was “You either run with the big dogs or sit on the porch.” Since then, experienced One Lap competitors have been known as Lap Dogs, and One Lap rookies – Lap Puppies. This year, Al Wright and I became Lap Puppies and this is an account of our adventure. Most people’s knowledge of this event is limited to the glorified Hollywood movie version titled The Cannonball Run, with Burt Reynolds and friends. The real Cannonball is very different! The original Cannonball was contested on public roads. For the past two decades it has been contested on the top race tracks in the country, linked together in one long week of transit driving from state to state. The 2006 Cannonball race route began in Indiana, ranged west into Iowa, south into Louisiana, east to Virginia and north to Wisconsin before ending back in Indiana. There were 86 cars in various classifications contesting 20 racing events ranging from skid pad to stock car oval and road race courses to drag strip. Al and I were entered in his leased 2004 Porsche Cayenne S, an SUV that does normal duty as tow vehicle for his racing Porsche GT2 Turbo. Why would we choose to race the Cayenne instead of the race car? Because it would be more comfortable on the long transit drives and we presumed that the SUV class would not be hotly contested. Our first surprise was to learn that there were six entries in our class. The hottest prospect was an entry by Chrysler’s SRT group of a Jeep Hemi Cherokee with 425 horsepower, carbon fiber body panels and Plexiglas windows, piloted by the SRT test driver, Eric Heuschele. Two other factory entries were Honda Odyssey vans sporting racing motors, brakes and suspensions and driven by professional Honda test drivers. The non-factory entries were equally potent with a Chevrolet S-10 Blazer body cleverly covering a Corvette C4 chassis and Grand Sport engine. The Blazer was driven by a team from the Carolina Speed Shop in their 18th consecutive Cannonball – legends in this race. Finally there was a Ford F150 4X4 entered by Powerworks with a 550 horsepower supercharged engine. Our Cayenne, with its 340 horsepower and 5,300 pounds seemed hopelessly outclassed. Our total preparation consisted of replacing the stock tires with the lowest profile, softest compound Bridgestone tires that would fit the rims. It lowered the Cayenne by over two inches and gave it a distinctive “low rider” appearance. We optimistically figured we would make up the performance difference with driving talent and Porsche technology. The only rule in the Cannonball is that “there are no rules.” Our fellow participants drove such things as a Viper race car with a 1,000 horsepower twin turbo Chevrolet race motor and a Porsche 944 with a Corvette Z06 motor. Cost is no object and no car combination is too weird. It should also be noted that driving talent ranged from the casual driving school participant to the career professional racer. This is the “Big Show” of unconventional racing. This was the fastest and most evenly matched group of One Lap competitors that had ever been assembled. Our One Lap adventure started on Friday night with a banquet in South Bend. We shared dinner with our Blazer competitors, Glen Dodd, Charles Lovelady, and Michael Stein. They entertained us with their past exploits both on the track and on the road. They became our instant friends and our closest competition throughout the race. Saturday morning we all gathered in the parking lot of The Tire Rack. The first event was a skid pad that was soaking wet. A good effort by Al resulted in a second place in class behind the Jeep and 36th overall. That Saturday afternoon we were on the road to Illinois for the first road race event. That was when we discovered that transit stage drives would be every bit as intense as driving on the track. Unfamiliar roads and unpredictable traffic made every transit drive a tension-filled experience. Without the front and rear radar detectors plus the latest computerized route technology, the transits would have been much more difficult. The tracks were also demanding since we had not seen any of these track layouts except on paper. A pre racetrack walk seemed to us to be a poor use of our energy. The race events consisted of one reconnaissance lap followed by three timed laps with results based on cumulative time. Our poor Saturday afternoon race track result put us back in 74th overall and fifth in class. We went from second in class to fifth – all in the same day. The fight was on and we were humbled, but not discouraged. The Saturday night transit took us to Iowa. We arrived at 3:30 a.m. looking for any available motel room. A Warren Buffet Convention had booked every room in Sioux Falls. A $20 bribe to a gas station clerk got us the honeymoon room in a small motel where we indulged in a three hour nap. Our second transit discovery was that motel rooms were essential. Every minute saved on a transit drive became another valuable minute of bed rest. Sleeping during the transits turned out to be too noisy and rough. On Sunday we had two races which we split with our Carolina Blazer team. We were fourth in our class standings, but only barely. With no time to celebrate we headed off on a 1,000 mile overnight express drive to Louisiana. Monday in Louisiana we were greeted by oppressive heat and Al’s brother-in-law Rod. Rod surprised us with a huge Cajun lunch of gumbo and stuffed pork roast. Although we struggled to run well at the two races on a challenging track, Rod made our day with cheerful support and good cooking. Our Blazer competitors hit the first of many calamities which kept them out of both race events with electrical gremlins. We took our leftover Cajun food with us on our next transit of 700 miles to Georgia in another all night drive. Tuesday would be a very busy day with two races, a checkpoint in Midway, Georgia and another 200-mile transit drive to a night race at our one oval track race in Florence, South Carolina. Our day was easy compared to that of our Carolina Blazer team, who literally had the steering wheel fall come off in the driver’s hands at the end of their first race of the day. The normally very composed driver, Charles was much more animated after that incident. In true Cannonball spirit the Carolina team found a junk yard replacement and had it installed in time for the second race! That was typical of many of the Cannonball competitors who were constantly repairing all types of failures from oil pumps to wheel bearings. Our Cayenne maintenance consisted of one quart of oil and swapping the tires front to rear. The grinding under-steer of the Cayenne had worn the Bridgestone name off the front tire sidewalls! The short, banked oval race track in Florence, SC was an unknown track to everybody. Al was picked to drive this race in honor of his 20-plus years of Southern living plus his stock car driving experience. He listened carefully to the track owner describe the nuances of this track and then drove a very inspired race. But it was the big black SRT8 Jeep Cherokee that provided the big show. The driver proved the aptness of his moniker: “Hollywood” by running the oval track with a huge “sprint car” racing wing on the Jeep’s roof. As soon as we could pack up the Cayenne we were on the road again for the 200 mile run to Virginia. Wednesday was the most difficult race day of all with three races on three different track configurations. With more luck than skill, we bested the Carolina Blazer in two out of the three races. Now solidly fourth in class, we faced yet another all night dash of 675 miles to Indiana and what would be the high point of our Cannonball. Thursday morning we awoke to a steady rain that would raise the anxiety level of even an experienced Cannonball racer. Track knowledge and the slippery conditions minimized the horsepower advantage of the rest of the field over our Cayenne. The fast cars all slipped and slid to slow times. By the time our turn came to run, the rain had stopped and the racing line around the track was dry. As a result, we finished an astonishing fourth overall on the entire 88 car field and well ahead of everyone in our SUV class. The finishing points brought us right back into competition with one of the Hondas and well up on the rest of our class. Cancellation of the drag race was good news for our Cayenne team. Canceling an event we were unlikely to win meant extra hours of time to cover a short 215 mile transit leg and a much needed full nights sleep. By this point, distances of 200 miles seemed like mere drives around the block. But in this drive, the temperature plunged to 34 degrees and we faced snow! It must have been a terrifying drive for the team in an open-topped Ultralight. This was a home built car just large enough to hold the driver and passenger but with no windshield, doors, trunk, or roof. Totally exhausted on the transit stage, the team decided to sleep in the car still wearing their helmets. After a while the driver, Kevin Boulton, awoke to what he thought was a passing train. It was the snoring of his co-driver Loren Edwards! After running up and down the road to wake himself up, Kevin fired up the Ultralight and revved the engine to wake Loren. Loren was so shaken that he couldn’t sleep for the rest of the transit. Friday in Wisconsin was another terrifying day for most competitors but not for our team. It might have been cold and raining but it was a track that I knew from over thirty years of driving schools. We managed to beat half the field including several Corvettes and a Cadillac CTSV. We were now close in points to third in our SUV class with only one race event left back at the start in South Bend, Indiana. Saturday morning everyone was reunited in the parking lot at Tire Rack in South Bend. In just one week we had come full circle; but all the strangers that had gathered a week before in that same parking lot were now fast friends and fellow Lap Dogs. Cars and drivers were posed over and over again for pictures of such an epic moment. On the final skid pad the tables were turned on us and we ran on a cold and damp track first, leaving a dry and warm track to the faster cars. In the final tally, we were a solid fourth in class and not far behind the Honda Odysseys. We were 71st in the overall classification. The winning car for the third year in succession was a Porsche 996 Twin Turbo. They only won one race but never finished lower than third, except for the race in which our modest Cayenne had beaten them! We had spent over $1,000 in gas and $500 in rooms and meals. We averaged only 4 hours of bed rest per night and short naps during transit drives. When we were preparing for this race we were brave and confident. What could possibly beat a well-prepared and well-driven Porsche? When the race started we were stunned to see the level of factory involvement and competition-prepared cars. We were also humbled to be racing against seasoned and talented amateur and professional drivers. The races and transits were physically and emotionally exhausting. Our hopes were raised at the results of one race only to be dashed at the results of the next race. When it was over, we both agreed that we were proud of a very good effort, the very best we had in us. I could not have asked for a better team mate or better friend than Al. When you share such an intense experience it cements a friendship. So much so that we will be going back next year in a more competitive Mini Cooper JCW edition and we will be official Lap Dogs.
Advised early on by his father that real estate was a wise career, particularly for an African American, Eddie L. Jackson Jr. was recently made a Senior Associate at CB Richard Ellis, the largest commercial real estate firm in the world. “This is an honor and testament to the theory that you can achieve anything you put your mind to,” Eddie says But Eddie Jackson, Jr.’s principles have always placed people first: He attended VCU in the ‘90s, where he majored in Social Work and minored in Real Estate and Urban Land Development. Today, Eddie lives on the Southside of Richmond and enjoys time with his “four wonderfully talented children,” Trinity, 8, Eden, 6, Jordan, 4, and Eddie III, who is 4. How long have you been with CB Richard Ellis? I joined the team at CB Richard Ellis about thirty days ago as a Senior Associate. I have had the opportunity to work with and be trained by one of the Richmond office partners for the past 4 and a half years. Transitioning to the firm full time and converting my business solely to commercial real estate was an easy decision. Currently, I am the only African American working for this firm throughout our MidSouth region, which is Fredericksburg, Richmond, Norfolk, Raleigh and Charlotte. Additionally, I am the only African American in Richmond working for any of the “true commercial brokerages.” What drew you to a profession in real estate? My father gave me the thirst and understanding of real estate and development. As the saying goes, “Since I was knee high to a grass hopper,” this is what I learned and easily established a love and passion for. He added one important fact which helped me focus and learn to go after what my goals are. He shared his thoughts regarding this industry, “Eddie, Real estate is a black man’s ticket to wealth and freedom. If you own land, you can learn to leverage your financial status and lift your family out of poverty.” Do you specialize in a particular kind of commercial property? I am a jack-of-all-trades, which will narrow down as my career continues to unfold. I have extensive broker experience in the historic tax credit and development side of the business. In addition, I work in the following areas: Industrial office, multi-family and retail. I am able to offer consulting services to business owners who may wonder how to expand their market presence. I am currently working toward the Certified Commercial Investment Member (CCIM) designation. A CCIM is a recognized expert in the disciplines of commercial and investment real estate. A CCIM is an invaluable resource to the commercial real estate owner, investor, and user, and is among an elite corps of more than 9,000 professionals who hold the CCIM designation across North America and more than 30 countries. What are some of your hobbies, and how do you relax when you have time off? My hobbies consist of looking for new projects to develop mainly. In addition, I spend time with my shared pets, Leonidus, Neapolitan Mastiff, Moses, an English bulldog, three cats, Stella, Memphis and Assar. Oh yeah, and [I have] two very fertile rabbits. At home, I enjoy quiet times to reflect on my blessings and how I can be a better role model to my children and youth of today.
Women’s golf traveled east last weekend for the Wellesley Invitational, a two-day event that became a one-day Sunday tournament due to the heavy rains that blanketed the area. The Ephs played in a field of eight teams at the Nehoiden Golf Course on the Wellesley campus, which is only a nine-hole course. The small course forced the women to play around twice to count for one round. Melissa Barton ’09, Anne O’Leary ’10, Mary Gelber ’10, Aimee Weber ’11 and Kristen Tubbs ’12 represented the squad. At Sunday’s end the women tied for third with Vassar with a team total of 348, following first-place Middlebury (335) and runner-up, Amherst (340). The women began Sunday’s round in the rain which continued throughout the day, but despite the conditions, the team was ready to put on its game face and challenge the competition. Unfortunately, the day’s outcome was not what the Ephs were looking to achieve. Overall the rainy conditions inflated the scores, with only three individuals from the field shooting in the 70s. The Ephs were especially concerned with how they placed in the rankings, feeling that they played beneath their potential. “We have yet to come out of a weekend feeling like we put together four good scores,” O’Leary said. Leading the Ephs for the weekend was first-year Tubbs carding an 83, followed by Barton with an 86. Gelber and O’Leary contributed with an 89 and 90, respectively. In the field of 40 players, Tubbs finished eighth individually. Head Coach Kris Herman and the team were excited to see Tubbs making such an impact in her third collegiate event. The individual medalist of the event was from Vassar with a score of 77. This weekend the team will travel to Middlebury for a two-day invitational. Before then, the women plan to change some of their practice habits to work towards a better finish. “With two tournaments left in the season, including our home invitational, we would like take home some hardware at each event,” said Tubbs.
More than 100 Libyan men stood at attention, marched in place and chanted "God is great" before a squad of trainers in Benghazi, the epicenter of the opposition-controlled eastern half of Libya. The trainers gave them patriotic speeches before putting them to work cleaning machine gun parts. Even while the rebel army tries to bind together its disparate parts to face off against the forces of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi, it has to deal with an influx of eager volunteers filled with enthusiasm for a march to Tripoli, but short on real military experience. Already, bands of Libyans have picked up weapons and headed west to help rebels in Tripoli and the nearby embattled city of Masrata, although many have run afoul of pro-Gadhafi forces along the 600-mile (1,000-kilometer) journey, especially in his hometown of Sirte. Training sessions for the volunteers have been set up around Benghazi, but the zeal of the new recruits is being tempered by the caution of the officers _ and the need to clean up some rusty weapons and equipment. "All the Libyan people are volunteers and want to do anything to get military training," said Col. Mohammed Rifai, a fighter pilot at the military air base, which has also taken on its share of volunteers. He just shook his head about reports of bands of fighters heading off on their own. "We don't approve. Coordination is the best thing _ but it is a revolution of the people," he said with a shrug. So far, the rebel army is just getting organized, with an announcement Tuesday that the Libyan Military Council has been formed to coordinate among the disparate units scattered across the east. Benghazi, however, is still gripped by a revolutionary fervor less than two weeks since the rout of Gadhafi's forces and freeing of the east from his control. Volunteers are still directing traffic and manning checkpoints into the early hours of the morning to make up for the continuing absence of police and traffic cops and cars still drive around waving the newly adopted flag of the old monarchy. The most fervent are flocking to recruitment centers to sign up as volunteer fighters and already some 5,000 have registered in Benghazi and hundreds elsewhere in the east, according to authorities, despite word that some volunteers have been killed trying to join the fighting in the west. "I would prefer to go immediately," said Mohammed Shebeik, 38, as he waited in line in a converted school yard to sign his name, while patriotic songs blared over a loudspeaker. "I hear at least 20 people died in Sirte, but we are not afraid. All of Libya is one hand." He added that like most Libyans, he learned a bit of weapons training in high school. Faisal Mohammed, 28, who had already signed his name and sat in the school yard with 100 other recruits waiting for the training to begin, was more blunt. "If there was a group leaving (to go fight), I would go," he said. Next to the training area, Col. Saleh Ashur supervised soldiers and a number of volunteers polishing the rust off the barrels of anti-aircraft guns and greasing up the individual parts. "Speaking as an officer in the army, I say they have to be organized to attack not just to go out on your own," he said, with the weariness of age and experience in the face of all that enthusiasm. He noted the irony that Gadhafi had ordered weapons training for all high school students, and "now the training is being turned against Gadhafi," but he said once their five-day refresher course was complete, the volunteers would be asked to go home and wait for a call. At the school, trainer Ahmed Jibreel ordered his recruits to stand up, march in place, turn left, turn right and shout "God is great," while behind him others patiently scrubbed away at another filthy anti-aircraft gun. "We are getting the guns ready in order to fight, and the guns need to be kept clean for battle," he said, when asked why the recruits seemed to be largely reserved for cleaning duties. "Eventually we will use live ammunition in the training," said Jibril, who declined to give his rank saying that in the new Libyan army, there were no ranks. "We are here not to show off but to create fighters to win the battle." The rebel army says there are plenty of weapons with which to arm these new recruits, although by most estimates the military lacks up-to-date equipment, heavy weapons and large supplies of ammunition. All the soldiers were wearing different kinds of uniforms and camouflage, including a fair amount of U.S. Army surplus. "Uniforms aren't important," Jibril said. "What's important is the determination which makes the impossible, possible. Gadhafi is a paper tiger." Paper tiger or not, Libya's rebel military is remaining cautious, even as battles rage across the country's west as Gadhafi tries to retake fallen towns. "We are waiting for the revolution in Tripoli to do something before we move," said Ashur.
- We strive to provide complete care for our patients. Learn more about all the services we provide. You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. |The Power of Fruit |"An apple a day keeps the doctor away" turns out to be pretty accurate folk wisdom. We've all heard this, and remarkably the apple turns out ot be one of those perfect foods. Red Delicious, Granny, and Gaia apples have high concentrations of flavonoids, a group of phytochemicals that have powerful antioxidant capabilities. Antioxidant protection against free radical damage is helpful in fighting cancer, aging, atherosclerosis and heart disease, and inflammation. Other delicious fruit sources of flavonoids include blackberries, raspberries, plums, oranges, figs, raisins, and red grapes. Flavonoids are also found in pecans, walnuts, avocadoes, and of course, broccoli. In a balanced food plan in which protein and carbohydrate are combined in every meal, fruits represent the carbohydrate component. A half-cup of cottage cheese and a half-cup of mixed berries is a perfectly balanced, highly nutritious meal! The phytochemicals contained in fruits and vegetables provide an important boost to longevity and healthy living. Sign up now for a free consultation! |Monday||8:30 am - 12 pm||2 pm - 6 pm| |Tuesday||9:30 am - 12 pm||2 pm - 6 pm| |Wednesday||8:30 am - 12 pm||2 pm - 6 pm| |Thursday||8:30 am - 12 pm||2 pm - 6 pm| |Friday||8:00 am - 12 pm||2 pm - 6 pm| |Saturday||9:00 am - 11 am||Closed| |8:30 am - 12 pm||9:30 am - 12 pm||8:30 am - 12 pm||8:30 am - 12 pm||8:00 am - 12 pm||9:00 am - 11 am||Closed| |2 pm - 6 pm||2 pm - 6 pm||2 pm - 6 pm||2 pm - 6 pm||2 pm - 6 pm||Closed||Closed| ...With periodic adjustments and stretching exercises recommended by Dr. Bill Jr., my posture is better, I can touch my toes. I have no aches and pains when I am in adjustment and my body is more flexible in general. I have become quite picky about how I want to feel now that I know what to look for as signs of trouble. Thank you Dr. Bill Jr.
Soar Above the Rest Skydiving VR Father's Day Card Regular price $12.99 This Father's Day, dad better get ready to free-fall with this unique virtual reality card. Hallmark's VR Viewer and 360-degree skydiving adventure video lets him experience the thrill of dropping through the sky without ever leaving the house. Or worrying about his parachute. - Pops up and provides a VR Viewer inside. - Video content featured with this card is available through March 31, 2018. - Tear off glasses, fold in cardboard, insert phone and hold sides to secure. - Includes envelope and Gold Crown seal. Envelope color may vary. - Extra postage required. - 5.75" W x 8.25" H Use #MyHallmark to share your photos.
When the bullpen doors at Yankee Stadium fly open, it begins. The crowd roars and rises to its feet. And its not just the sight of a slender Panamanian relief pitcher lightly trotting toward the mound that thrills the pinstriped throng. It's the explosion of Metallica's "Enter Sandman" from the speakers. With the song reverberating throughout this corner of the Bronx, it seems inexplicable that any opposing hitter could muster the courage to get a hit. Of course, that cutter helps. The Philadelphia Eagles have "Fly Eagles Fly." The Baltimore Orioles have "Oriole Magic." Nearly every sports team has an anthem Some of these stadium songs have been played years while others are fad tunes that fans latched onto during a particularly memorable season. Whether you're sick of it or not, it's hard to deny that oft-repeated songs like "Kernkraft 400" by Zombie Nation pumps up the crowd after someone throws down a monster dunk. But before the players create those memorable moments, they're getting amped up by whatever they've got pulsing through their own headphones. When they take to their stage -- be it court, pitch, gridiron or diamond -- they may then be serenaded by fans belting out a rendition of "Seven Nation Army." Music has its role before, during and, most certainly, after any game. After all, when a team wins the whole thing, you can bet "We Are The Champions" by Queen gets played. Sports can also inspire music but we'll save that for another playlist. Here are a group of songs that you'll likely recognize from a stadium near you.
Laura Graham will be hot favourite for the Dambusters Half Marathon at the Silent Valley Reservoir on Saturday. The event – organised by Born 2 Run – includes the 10th and last round of the Pure Running/ChampionChip Ireland Series and is expected to attract upwards of 500 runners. Graham, from Mourne Runners, has dominated the series with her wins including Larne, Omagh, Newry and Ards and she added the National title in Dublin and should win again comfortably. Last year’s champion Karen Alexander may enter again while Martsje Hell, Amanda Perry, Eileen Stephenson, Ann Fitzpatrick and Gillian Logan will all go well. David Simpson from Newcastle, winner at Groomsport, can dispute the Men’s race with Danny McLaughlin from St Malachy’s who took the Sea 2 Sky victory. The half marathon starts at 11am, the walk at 11:30am and 10K at 12noon. Meanwhile, William McKee and Diane Wilson will be fancied for the Slieve Bearnagh Mountain Race which includes the eighth round of the NIMRA Championship. Meanwhile, the finals of the Northern Ireland Youth Development League will be held in the Antrim Forum on Saturday starting at 10am.
Haaaaaa I read Sandra's Post and I am soooo glad I'm not the only one that had a giggle. Ok I may be just a little .... childlike but hey, who wants to grow up?! It's fair to say I have had the odd fight or two... or ten with my sweet tooth over the years but I love to bake Cookies at Christmas and as I am doing the prep work I can add as much or as little goodies that I choose. The boys love to help and it's nice to spend some baking time with them. I am a cookie cutter I have to admit I love looking at cookies from all different countries but it has to be said the US wins hands down.... Just thinking about them is enough to put myself on the naughty list and partake in some sugary goodness. This year I plan to bake/make the following treats again and maybe have a go at something new too. |Giant Chocolate Chunk Shortbread| I will be deffo be making shortbread but instead of the heart tin, I will be using my Star one. I may well do smaller ones too. |Blueberry Crumble Bars| These Blueberry Crumble bars went down a treat, I'm contemplating trying them with mincemeat instead to give them a Christmasey Twist. |Chocolate Covered Oreos| I haven't made these in over a year so plan to treat the family to a few of these morsels of delishiousness but I will only make a small amount as they are very moreish lol. I don't really eat chocolate any more so I will be fine but the boys - and the hubster have been known to sneak a cookie or two. I'm thinking of doing some with coconut oil chocolate and see how they come out. Sugar has made it a point to put me on her enemy list and attacks when I'm least expecting. I Purchased a 3D Christmas Tree Cookie set in the sales a while back and will be trying it out this year, we can have it for desert on Christmas day.. just wondering whether to do them in Gingerbread or Sugar Cookie...... decisions.... maybe I'll do both.
Container data services vendor Portworx announced on April 5 that it has raised $20 million in a new Series B round of funding. The funding will be used by the company to grow marketing, sales and development efforts. The new round of funding was led by Sapphire Ventures and included the participation of GE Ventures and Mayfield. Total funding to date for Portworx now stands at $28.5 million. At the core of Portworx's product portfolio is the company's PX-Enterprise stateful container storage technology, which first debuted in June 2016. The promise of PX-Enterprise is that it can provide a stable storage interface and backend for DevOps container application deployments in production. "For the first time, we've eliminated the complex and expensive decision of purchasing storage for containers in production," Murli Thirumale, CEO and co-founder of Portworx, said in a statement. "Portworx will enable enterprises of all sizes to realize the true potential of containers." Part of that potential is realized thanks to Portworx's scheduler-integrated data services, which is what helps to enable the stateful approach for production deployment data. "There is a lot of hype around containers today, but we believe there are a select few container-focused companies that have breakthrough technology and significant customers, and Portworx is one of them," Jai Das of Sapphire Ventures, said in a statement. "Enterprises are heavily investing in container data services like Portworx because data is core to their business operations, and organizations need a reliable solution backed by enterprise storage experts." Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at EnterpriseAppsToday and InternetNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @TechJournalist.
Summer Swimming Dangers; Salt Water Cleanses; Treating Swimmer’s Ear From dangerous pool bacteria to deadly lake parasites, learn the hidden risks of swimming — and get crucial tips for staying safe in the water. Plus, a simple home remedy for soothing swimmer’s ear. And, detoxify your body and shrink your waistline … with salt water? Get the skinny on a trendy cleanse.
From what I can gather, the people in charge of the stadium atmosphere are sort of oblivious at times. I've heard that they once asked the band if their pre-game show could be shortened by deleting Script Ohio. There are plenty of reasons to drop "Seven Nation Army" in favor of "Ohio", and many good ones were listed above. But the biggest reason has to be that the White Stripes are from that state to the north and west of us. How embarrassing is that?
Black Mold Remediation Services in Syosset, New York Certified cleanup of black mold found in your home or business, call our team in Syosset, New York for environmental cleanup today! We understand that mold and mildew can cause harmful conditions if left untreated. With proper testing and protocals, we can remediate mold and restore your property. Molds are funguses that can be found both indoors and outdoors, and at any time, year round. Many forms of mold are very dangerous and can even be toxic, but some strands are harmless. But, large amounts of indoor mold can cause odors, health problems, and even structural damage to wood. Mold Testing – Containment – Remediation – Cleanup and Removal Services Molds are fungi that can be found both indoors and outdoors, all year round. Although some family forms of mold are extremely dangerous or even toxic, most molds are relatively harmless. However, large concentrations of indoor mold can cause odors, health problems and, in some cases, structural damage to wood. An inspection and testing will determine how much mold is present in a home and what types of mold. Mold and Disaster Cleanup Services Throughout Nassau and Suffolk County NY (631) 449-7240 Each indoor environment is an ecological system between the non-living physical environment and the living biological environment. It is important for restoration contractors to understand the construction principles of building systems and the effect moisture can have on the materials used in the construction. Enviral Restoration Pros is certified in mold remediation. We possess a comprehensive knowledge of the interaction of building systems and related physical laws to remediate a contaminated building and return it to its original state. Did you know that prolonged exposure to mold can cause extensive health issues? This can range from respiratory illness, difficulty breathing, wheezing, and even asthma attacks. The effects of mold can be especially harmful to the elderly, children, and anyone with a weakened immune system. The extent to which a person is affected by mold can only be determined by his/her health care professional. If you have discovered mold in your home, call us immediately! We will provide you with a free estimate, and can then go over a plan of action with you to get the mold taken care of. If mold remediation is performed with no sense of direction, it will definitely increase the level of airborne mold contaminants. These particles could affect other areas of the home as well. The good news is, you typically wont experience mold in your home unless you have an issue with excessive moisture. This could come in many forms – such as leaking pipes, flood damage, or high levels of humidity. Most species of mold thrive in areas of moisture that is damp for at least a day. The reason why it is so important to call the professionals in the situation of mold is because it can grow anywhere, and in unusual places such as behind walls, in air conditioning systems, insides of walls, and even beneath carpet. Our IICRC trained professionals can spot this expertly. Mold can be identified by its color, and usually a musty odor accompanies it. Mold and Environmental Cleanup Services Throughout Nassau and Suffolk County NY (631) 449-7240 We employ state-of-the-art technology and follow our industry’s standard of care to eliminate mold growth from homes, offices, healthcare facilities, etc. If your home or place of work has been impacted by water damage and ensuing mold growth, our team of experts can take care of it in no time! If you have recently discovered mold in your home and are looking for a team of professionals to get your property looking as good as new, don’t hesitate to call the Enviral Restoration Pros! We are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year.
Location: Highway 7 & Jane St Developer: CentreCourt Developments Prices: 2 bedroom suites from the low $400,000s Estimated Completion: 2020 Welcome to Transit City Condos Welcome to Transit City Condos by CentreCourt Developments, the first phase in SmartREIT’s ambitious 100-acre SmartCentres Place development that is set to redefine Vaughan’s downtown area. Transit City will be next door to a Viva bus terminal, which will be connected by a tunnel to the new Vaughan Metropolitan Centre subway station, the northernmost stop of the new Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension set to open in 2017. We could list all the places that will be within easy reach of Transit City, but there are too many to mention. Instead, let’s just take a look at the new TTC map to understand how amazingly connected this building will be: Currently in the pre-construction phase, the 55-storey condo tower will redefine condo living, in addition to being one of the most connected buildings in the entire GTA. In the words of Don Schmitt, principal from Diamond Schmitt Architects, it is “the first transit-friendly, pedestrian-oriented, urban community in the 905 district”. Transit City Condos phase one will boast 553 suites, which the developer says will be bigger than average condo sizes in Toronto. In addition to more square footage, each suite will have a balcony and floor-to-ceiling windows, giving the feeling of even more space. Elegance and Style The lobby is set to have the elegance of a luxury hotel and will be complemented by the first Buca restaurant outside of Toronto. The high-end eatery will be 4,500 square feet and will serve top quality Italian food to residents in the finest of surroundings. In another innovative move, Transit City won’t have its own gym. Instead, residents will have access to a brand-new, custom-built, 100,000 sq ft YMCA facility, which will be just steps away and part of SmartCentres Place. The building will also be next to a new 9-acre park that will be the focal point of SmartCentres Place. The emphasis on creating wide-open green spaces show the intentions of the developers to create a genuine community for people to live, work and play in. In addition to the park, plans for SmartCentres place include shopping, office towers, a library, a community centre, and other entertainment options. It will truly be a community of the future. Transit City: Location Register Now for Transit City Condos As a preferred VIP brokerage for Transit City Condos, Living Realty can provide inside access to all the latest details about the project. To register your interest in the project and gain access to further information, click the button below.
Thursday, December 17, 2009 This old man was the star of many news . I remember seeing him in quite a few places. Now another newsclip has surfaced on the British Pathe Website - titled "Nehru In Kashmir", it shows the visit of PM Nehru and various other delegates to Kashmir sometime in November 47. One still from the clip shows the same Prisoner - being examined by Group Captain Arjan Singh DFC (later Air Chief and Marshal of the AF). I do not remember where Arjan Singh was - probably with Air HQ or something, but he is seen in the clip very curious about the tribesman's coat buttons - My guess, the buttons have some kind of an embossed crest that sparked Arjan's interest. I do wonder who this old POW was - if he got repatriated, if he went back to his village with tales of his stay in India and all.. etc etc. Monday, December 07, 2009 The contents of the album were mostly the sights of the NWFP - places like Peshawar, Kohat, Lower Topa find mention. Some are Aerial shots, others are on the ground. Of people, of cattle and the sights. These were interspersed with the odd RAF aircraft photographs. This was what caught my interest. The Upper Left photo shows a pranged Westland Wapiti with the caption "An Error of Judgement" - The Wapiti K1294 appears to belong to No.5 Squadron RAF - as indcated by the white fuselage band around the rear part of the aircraft. Other photographs in the series also showed a colour print of "HMT Dunera", "S O P Farnborough 1934" and a photograph titled "Lower Topa". HMT Dunera apparently began its career in 1937 and this sort of gives us a timeframe for the Album. The name of the ship sounded familiar - later I realised that it was the same ship in which Fg Offr Balan Dandapani, a WW2 Veteran that I interviewed in 2007, travelled as part of the British Commonwealth Occupational Foces in Japan. It was the next series of photographs that made me stand up. In the lower right, was the picture of a Westland Wapiti in flight. What sets this one apart was the chequerboard fuselage marking - a marking sported only by the aircraft of No.1 Squadron, Indian Air Force. I do not ever recall seeing this particular picture - and is probably one of the very rare few of an IAF Wapiti in Flight. The next page had a very interesting color drawing - the official crest of Aircraft Depot Karachi. Again, most certainly a post 1937 development. This figures in with above as the IAF unit was initially based at Drigh Road, where the Aircraft Depot was. Other shots include aerial views of Karachi and Manora, Kohat, Peshawar, Lahore etc. Ofcourse the question still unanswered - where is this album now? If you are the owner and you are reading this, why not drop in a comment ? Wednesday, October 21, 2009 After downloading two years worth of issues and going through them, some interesting nuggets turned up. Being in Delhi they have access to all the Air Force events and have several photographs from the Parades. One of the is as follows: This is the first time I am seeing a Kh-29 Air to Surface Missile mated onto a MiG-27ML of the Indian Air Force. While MiG-23s and 27s were known to carry this munition, it has never before been seen mounted on an Indian MiG-27 in public before. While the missile itself is on display in the Museum and had been showcased in photographs or republic day parades as a seperate entity, this is certainly the first time it is shown mounted on a MiG-27, and that too a plain vanilla non-upgraded MiG-27. Yes, the missile does look like an inert example. It had never been shown being fired in any of the IAF's FPD, and any that were acquired in the 80s are probably time expired by now, but hey - lets savour the moment - an ASM on the good old Bahadur - never seen in twenty years but now out in the public! Tuesday, October 06, 2009 Tuesday, September 08, 2009 Among my collector friends (some of them with very deep pockets) , no one has a copy. So I solemnly declare that this is the only copy known to be in the wild. Even USI is said to have only a photocopy. I am listing the copies with other Libraries here. Let me know if you run into any stashed away anywhere. Oh btw. I owe you one - eBay! Catalogue Searches: (Zero, Zilch, Nada) Amazon.com : Not Listed , Amazon.co.uk : 0 , Amazon.ca : Not Listed , Abebooks : 0 , Bookfinder : 0 , WorldCat.org : 0 30 November 2013 Update : Roughly four years after i made the above post, I am glad to mention that a SECOND copy of the above book has been spotted in the wild - in the hands of another Indian Aviation Enthusiast. Vinayak Dutt Shukla has one copy in his collection too - and he sends proof! Its actually in better condition than my copy.. Congratualations on the great acquisition - Now guard it with your life VDS! Tuesday, July 14, 2009 Friday, June 12, 2009 The book offers the first critical look at the PAF's role in 65 and offers a honest and dispassionate look at the PAF planning and claims. There are some great stories about 71 too. It would take too long for me to write all about it.. but in short.. go out and buy this book - its money well spent. Monday, June 08, 2009 At the risk of being accused of blowing my own trumpet, my forthcoming book on the Bangladesh Air War will have more information on the Squadron ops than the Squadron;s official history. Sunday, June 07, 2009 Not the whole collection - There are a few more books to be bought and procured. This is from last year. The earlier post which is similar is two years old. Will update a photo from this year shortly as I got yet another half a dozen new books including the elusive "Touching the Sky" Coffee table book. Thursday, May 28, 2009 First about the scope of this book - Contrary to the title, which tends to raise expectations among history buffs like me, the book is about the personal experiences of Air Cmde Rais Rafi (Retd-PAF). who has been in the thick of action in both wars flying missions in B-57 bombers. Rais Rafi was one of the two Squadron Commanders from the 65 war, the other being Air Commodore Najib Khan. Being the Squadron CO, Rafi is in a good position to give a blow by blow account of the operations that he was involved in. Expectedly, the book provides a very in-depth minute by minute coverage of the missions flown by him and his compatriots. While most of the major events are covered, a few of the events from the perspective of his compatriots are missed out. Since Rafi was based at Mauripur at the start of the 65 war, the focus is on ops from Mauripur which are well covered. there is not enough info on the initial and later ops of the B-57s from Peshawar. Especially the effective raids on Adampur on the evening of Sept 6th. The coverage of the war improves towards the latter days. The narration is interspersed with profiles of notable B-57 pilots in the PAF, along with their photographs and the details of the actions. There are several snippets of information related to the B-57 tactics that one finds useful. In no particular order 1. The B-57s used their RB1A all weather radar to map the terrain. key features like bridges clearly showed up on the radar screen . This explains their relative effectiveness as compared to the Indian Canberras in 65. 2. The B-57s used skip bombing techniques at Ambala during 65, one of which resulted in the bomb bouncing off and hitting the Cathedral near the airfield. 3. The ac used the wing mounted guns liberally.. i.e use them to strafe airfields once in a while - not just drop bombs. 4. bomb dropping is done by 'punching a clock' - reference to some bombing computer? on most occasions it appears the pilot would release the bombs manually, but the calculations are done by this onboard computer. 5. Nice insight is given into the B-57 shot down over Adampur on Sept 14 . It appears that the crew (Altaf Sheikh and Bashir Choudhary) pushed their luck by making multiple attacks on the airfield on the same sortie - the guns finding their mark on the fourth pass. Though nothing is mentioned about the travails of both the airmen on the ground - they were nearly lynched by the Punjab farmers - a very nice anecdote is given on their repatriation and the stark contrast on how they were received in Pakistan versus the reception Indian POWs got on their repatriation in India. The three PAF POWs look on as the Indian POWs get a grand reception in Delhi on their repatriation The book draft was probably finalised in 1989, but it could have benefited from some updating. For example, the author believes that the B-57 lost at Jamnagar crashed into the Sea due to disorientation of the pilot - Rafi was exiting out of the Jamnagar flying area when the ill-fated B-57 was coming in. This information of it crashing in sea could easily have been corrected as enough evidence existed even in 65 that it crashed on land. Several artifacts were salvaged from the crash site by the Indian government - most notably a page from the diary of the pilot. The B-57 force was somewhat reduced by the time of the 71 war and it now comprised only one Squadron (No.8 PAF). They operated initially out of Mauripur and later moved up north. As with the 65 War narration, the coverage of Rafi's personal sorties are covered in great depth. He describes in good detail the launch of attacks on Ambala and Agra on the first day. Amritsar on the second day etc. However the details of many other important B-57 missions are missing - including the mission details on which B57 losses have occurred. Most get only a cursory mention - eg ' a B-57 was lost in the south today'. It is slightly disappointing to note that after describing the 65 losses in great detail, he is unable to do the same about 71. Rafi's last Sorties were done on 8 Dec so not much is written about other operations till the rest of the war. Absolutely very little info exist on the operations in the southern sector. Details of Mauripur's B57 force do not get any space here - but that is expected because this is a personal account. Other interesting facts that come out of the book - -Rafi confirms the presence of atleast one B-57 at Rafiqui on the morning of Dec 4th. This was a mystery before as Air Marshal VK "Jimmy" Bhatia's article mentions seeing a B-57 at Rafiqui, while the Pakistani contention was always that B-57s were not based at Rafiqui. The book gives in details the a B57 ended up at Rafqiui on that day. and says it was flown out the next morning. - A nice description of the aftermath of the "Steel Tripod" attack done by Wg Cdr Gautam of No.16 Squadron on Mianwali. The raid was a surprise to the Pakistanis - it created no damage but was of some nuisance. The date however appears to be wrong (Night of Dec 3/4 instead of Dec 4/5) -Rafi talks about the destruction of a B-57 on the ground at Mianwali - and attributes it to a Hunter attack. Previously the PAF had mentioned that this aircraft was lost on the ground during a servicing accident in which it caught fire. This is a revelation. Rafi also claims that the Hunter that attacked the airfield and caused the damage was shot down by Flt Lt Qazi Ahmed Javed. however this claim is not present for this date in the PAF list but is actually on Dec 4. Did he mix up some dates and places? This definitely needs further research. And having seen the number of things that Rafi actually got wrong, I wouldnt pin much hopes of him being correct on this front either. With the scale down of operations after 8th December and the subsequent 'march to surrender' - Rafi writes considerably about the anguish felt by him and his fellow pilots. Till the very last moment they felt they could make a difference - perhaps 'secure a ceasefire on more honoroble terms'. But as we know they never got that opportunity to try. The copy I have seems to have the quality of a good photocopy. In fact it looks like a "second edition" that was made up of binding photocopies. The book has no ISBN, which would mean its market is limited - major stores many not carry it. I got my copy via seller ehjaz786 on ebay.com . He just might have more copies with him. If your focus is air wars of the subcontinent, your library should have this interesting addition! Post Script: This review was done months ago - based on one of my posts at ACIG/Warbirds Forum, but posted only now. The Author Air Cmde Rafi passed away early this year in Pakistan. Saturday, May 02, 2009 Six and a half squadrons flew this aircraft during the 1971 War, and more than a Squadron's worth were lost in the operations - Aerial Combat, Ground Fire, Accidents. What is unusual in this photograph is the lack of tail number on the aircraft. The roundel on the front fuselage confirms that this is not an early model but probably one of the batch that was delivered after 1969. I dont know the source of this colour photograph other than that it appeared in one of the Air Enthusiast series of magazines. It is also on the cover of Puspindar Singh's "Aircraft of the Indian Air Force 1933-73" - thus one can safely assume that this photo predates that book. Air to Air Colour photographs from the 60s are almost non-existant and the origin of this photo is a mystery to say the least. Sunday, February 08, 2009 Years ago,I read suggestions that Brewster Buffalos may have served with the IAF (Dan Ford's Warbird Forum) and one example was transferred to the IAF (Joe Baugher) etc. I used to laugh at that suggestion. I was pretty damn sure that the Buffalo never served with the Indian Air Force. But if you ask me today, I am not laughing! The reason, I was emailed some a couple of scans of late Squadron Leader Jehangir Merwan Engineer's logbook last year from his daughter - Mrs Farida Engineer. The logbook discloses that between May and July 43, He served with No.22 Anti Aircraft Cooperation Unit ( a composite RAF/IAF Unit ). (No.22AACU Was formed as an RAF unit out of IAF Anti Aircraft Coop Flights - It was later transferred to the Indian Air Force and became the No.22 AACU, IAF.) . Right among the list of types he flew during his stint were two Brewster Buffalos! The first ever record that established Indian pilots flew Buffalos with what was later an IAF unit. The Buffalos in question are W8243 and W8245 (Profiles and Pictures above). I note from elsewhere on Dan Ford's Board that these are two of the six Buffalos that were flown back by 67 RAF sqn from the Burma Retreat. it appears these two aircraft were transferred to No.22 Anti Aircraft Cooperation Unit's A flight in Karachi Drigh Road at beginning of 1943 and were flown by Indian pilots later on. I also noticed that the fate of these two aircraft was marked as unknown in the production list available on other sites and books. if anyone is updating their lists, they can add No.22 AACU andthe period May -July 43 for these two aircraft. Tuesday, January 13, 2009 I wrote some basic reviews on Amazon for a few - including Mansoor Shah's Gold Bird, Peter Smith's Vultee Vengeance, Roopinder Singh's Arjan Singh, but there are still a lot more great books that I have read over time that I didnt write about. (Yes I have written about YEAGER! - but that was more of a rant than a review!) Without further ado - the books that I should review in detail .. at the earliest! (In no particular order) - The Incredible War - Air Marshal Bharat Kumar - Himalayan Eagles - Pushpindar Singh - Battle for Pakistan - John Fricker - The India-Pakistan Air War of 1965 - Yours truly and Samir Chopra The first two are fairly recent. Frickers book is now three decades old, but still a great read if you know what you are looking for. the last one is my own book - its been five years since its final draft, and with loads of research work in between, there are lot of criticisms that I have about it. well.. some day! Sunday, January 04, 2009 The above photo was taken from Defence Journal Magazine from Pakistan. The original article dealt with the 1959 incident where an IAF Canberra was shot down on a recce mission into Pakistan. It took a letter or two before some reader wrote in saying that the photo doesnt look like a Canberra. Infact it looks quite suspiciously like a Bristol Brigand , a type which the PAF had a lone example of. The Brigand crashed on a ferry flight from UK - I believe outside Basra. Anyways - Would this turn out to be a picture of the said Brigand? Did DJ actually uncover a hidden gem unknowingly? What do you think?
"Columbia Pictures has revealed the trailer for director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's thriller The Tourist, starring Johnny Depp, Angelina Jolie, Paul Bettany, Rufus Sewell, Timothy Dalton and Steven Berkoff. Opening in theaters on December 10, 2010, the film revolves around Frank (Depp), an American tourist visiting Italy to mend a broken heart. Elise (Jolie) is an extraordinary woman who deliberately crosses his path. Against the breathtaking backdrop of Venice, Frank pursues a potential romance but soon finds himself the pursued as he and Elise are caught in a whirlwind of intrigue and danger." It's sort of in tone with Knight and Day. It's funny and action-packed. I've read that Depp does a sort of "Jimmy Stewart in a Hitchcock film" performance. It sounds fantastic. That's gonna be an interesting war between The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Tourist, because Treader's in 3D and a third film in a popular franchise. Tourist does however have more star power and will certainly bring in fans of both Depp and Jolie.
Governor Jennifer M. Granholm announced today that assistance from the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) has helped convince DENSO Manufacturing to choose Battle Creek, Michigan for a major new manufacturing facility expansion. The expansion will add 90,000 square feet of manufacturing space to the company’s existing facility. The project is expected to create 702 new jobs by 2012, including 300 directly by the company. “DENSO has been a rock-solid employer in southwest Michigan for nearly 20 years,” Granholm said. “This expansion will mean more jobs for the Battle Creek community and be a real boost to the local economy.” DENSO Manufacturing Michigan is a leader in the design and production of advanced automotive heating and cooling systems. The company currently has more than 2,400 employees in Michigan. The company had considered Battle Creek and another competing state for the new facility. A Single Business Tax credit worth $1.4 million offered today by the MEDC helped convince DENSO to expand and create new jobs in Michigan. “We are competing in a global community and appreciate the support of the state and local government agencies that help us to grow and protect our future,” said DENSO Manufacturing Senior Vice President Stan Tooley. “We are particularly pleased that this expansion at our Battle Creek facility will provide jobs for as many as 300 additional associates in the next two years." The city of Battle Creek assisted in presenting a solid business case for DENSO’s expansion. The city is supporting a 12-year tax abatement for the new facility worth more than $4.4 million, and is providing 1.8 acres of land and a new road to the expanded facility. Battle Creek Unlimited, the city’s economic development organization, worked closely with the MEDC and city officials to convince DENSO that Battle Creek was the right location for the company’s new facility. “Over the past twenty years, DENSO has steadily grown to the point where it is a premier employer in the area,” said Battle Creek Unlimited President and CEO Jim Hettinger. “All of us congratulate and thank DENSO for their continued confidence in Battle Creek, Michigan.” Total capital investment for the project will be approximately $45 million, including $9 million for a new building and $36 million for new machinery and equipment. According to an economic analysis conducted by the University of Michigan, it is estimated that DENSO’s expansion in Battle Creek will create an additional 402 Michigan jobs as a result of increased economic activity due to the expansion, in addition to the 300 jobs created directly by the company. The company’s increased operations will result in a net state revenue gain of approximately $23 million over the life of the Single Business Tax credits. The Michigan Economic Development Corporation, a partnership between the state and local communities, promotes smart economic growth by developing strategies and providing services to create and retain good jobs and a high quality of life. (All estimates in 2002 dollars) |TOTAL JOBS CREATED||702| |NET POSITIVE STATE REVENUE IMPACT| |Personal Income Generated Over| Life of the Tax Credit Agreement # # # #
Competition – Win Tickets to Soundcrash Presents DJ Kentaro COMPETITION NOW CLOSED As summer ends and we officially move in to autumn, the memories of the glorious summer seem so far away now. The steamy nights in Ibiza or Mallorca are long gone. So we turn our attention to the UK club scene. With this in mind we partner with Soundcrash to offer you the chance to win a pair of tickets to the DJ Kentaro gig on Friday at London’s Village Underground. If Kentaro wasn’t enough, then the likes of Hexstatic and Dr Meaker are also on the bill. So what do you have to do to get your paws on the tickets? Well not much. You can tell us why you would like the tickets by adding a comment here, tweeting us @MusicEyz or by posting on the Music Eyz Facebook page. You can also email your entry to us. The gig is this coming Friday (4th October 2013). The winner of a pair of tickets will be drawn completely at random on Thursday 3rd October 2013 and the winner will be notified on the day of the event. Good luck and enjoy the show. The Boring Bit aka Competition Rules and Conditions Competition Rules and Conditions 1. The competition runs until 20.59 3rd October, 2013. The winner will be drawn at random on 4th October. 2013. The winners will be notified on 4th October, 2013. 2. The judges decisions are final, no debate, conversation or communication will be undertaken in relation to the process or the winners. 3. There are no alternative prizes to the prize publicised in the competition. Music Eyz have been provided with the prize by Soundcrash and we take no responsibility for the accuracy of the prize or the guarantee of delivery. No cash alternative is available. 4. Your personal details, if provided, will not be shared, sold or used with any third party without your prior consent. 5. We may ask the winner to take part in publicity including but not restricted to a photo, review of the gig and comment to be placed on the Music Eyz website. 6. The promoter (Music Eyz) retain the right to change the promotion at any time, including but not restricted to the prize, T&Cs, promotional period and qualifying criteria. We may also change the end date or remove the competition without any notice. 7. The tickets are sourced by Soundcrash and will be fulfilled and delivered by them. Any issues with the items should be discussed directly with Soundcrash . Music Eyz will not enter in to communication regarding the prize. The promoter of this competition is Music Eyz, for any queries please e-Mail Music Eyz on email@example.com
I have been on a very intense First Aid course all day, so I am more than ready for the weekend to be here! There was a frost on the ground this morning. The grass looked like sugared spearmint. The sky was beautiful, when we left the house, the moon was still out to the west and the sunrise to the east was filled with purples, strawberries, oranges and blue velvety colors. I can’t think of a better way to start the day then to be greeted by a sight like that! Here’s to the weekend! Long may it last!
We expected Crisfield to be a bit more scenic and interesting. Maybe we just missed the interesting part, other than this water tower with a crab on it. Another highlight of Crisfield was the crabcake sandwich at McDonald's. After enjoying a lobster roll at McD's last week in Maine, I was surprised to have been lured into one of my least favorite restaurant for the second time in a week, but how could I turn down a cheap crabcake? Turns out it was nothing like the one I had at Camden Yards later in the week, but it was worth the $5 or so that I paid for it, if only to give me something to say about Crisfield.
Nature interpretation has always been a focus of Friends' programs. Through the delivery of interpretive programs, including nature walks and wildlife viewing days, Friends provides opportunities for people to experience and strengthen their passion Walks are available upon request throughout the year for groups. The walk guarantees participants fresh air, exercise, and an introduction to the Second Marsh Wildlife Area and the McLaughlin Bay Wildlife Reserve trails. During the walk a variety of topics are discussed and may include the marsh and its features, plants of the marsh, trees, birds, amphibians, reptiles, as well as the history of the area. Specialty themed walks are also offered throughout the year and may include anything from trees to birds to reptiles. Be sure to check our Calendar of Events for a listing of upcoming walks or call Friends at (905) 723-5047.
Our Family was in Lake Powell this week and so I wasn't able to email back and forth with Jordan this week. I did get his email on Monday afternoon while we were there and it brought tears to my eyes. Lake Powell has always been Jordan's favorite place and so it was a little sad not having him there with us this year, but we know he is exactly where he is supposed to be right now. Well, the baptism went great yesterday and I was the one who did it but I forgot my camera so I am going to have Elder Gomm email them to me so I will have the pictures. It was such a cool experience. I am so happy that I got to do it. Um, what else, haha. I'm sure the boat is clean enough and that is weird that our family has the least amount of people going to Powell this year. I hope everything goes smooth down there. It is a great place and I am sure going to miss that place this year. Um, the week was great. THis week I get to go on exchanges with Elder Thacker so we are excited about that. Tell Zac to write to me, haha, I miss that kid. Um, I do need some new bread and also if you could ask Abbey's mom about the popcorn balls one more time that would be great. Elder Gomm and I are doing great. We are working hard and finding a lot of people. The only thing is, is that the people aren't coming to church so we don't have any more dates yet. I am kinda frustrated about that because we always have great lessons with them and then Sunday comes around and we call them and they don't answer. We played soccer this morning again. I was not too happy about that. That is so sad to hear about Goza (one of Jordan's teammates from Dixie who hurt his knee). Will you get his address for me. I really love that kid. He is such a stud and I love how he just was so nice to me and helped me out. Well, that is all that I have to say. I am doing great and am so happy that I had amazing parents that raised me the way that you guys did and taught me all of the attributes that I have. I am proud to carry the name of Parkinson along side of our Savior, Jesus Christ. I love you and I will talk to you next week.
I would like to take the opportunity of this Valentine’s Day to thank a few people who have been instrumental in my growth as a person in this lifetime. My Dad – He has been the cornerstone of my development as a person. He taught me honesty, loyalty, the power of knowledge, the positive attitude, the ability to laugh, reading, writing, music, cinema, theatre, focus, method and above all love and affection for other people. He was a people man!! My Mother – She has been my vigil teaching me tidiness, the eye for detail, value of time, the need to study hard, healthy living and all above – the ability to keep working towards a goal. She has great resolutions in life that is tough to emulate! My Brother, Shuddhasheel – He is 6 years younger and went through the first part of life doing what he did best, being the good younger brother. But then he transformed and how!! Today, he is a Corporate Trainer and a very good one at that. He has taught me a lot. The Power of Self, Determination, Clear-headed focus, Follow through in a work process, diligence, innovative thinking and team building. He taught me the essence of acceptance. Vijay Dewan, presently MD of The Park Group – He does not remember me. I do not expect him to. The last time he saw was in 1994. But he has left an indelible stamp on my growth as a person. He taught me the beauty of Systems, Procedures and Continuous Development at work. He was far ahead of his times in thought processes. He taught me, indirectly – as I did not dare ever sit down with him, I was a measly Supervisor when he was a VP, the value of class, design, value to customer, posture management, eye for detail, work competence and zeal or passion for excellence. That sure was incredible!! My Father – in – law – I learnt the art of simplicity, humility and honesty from this remarkably down to earth person who rose up the ladder in Tea Industry only through uncomplicated hard work. I have not seen another person like him! Jeffrey Shabong – If a combo of knowledge, quest for excellence, hard work, smart work and curiosity can carry a person far…here was one example and I just had to emulate this person. It also helped that he has been my brother – in – law for sometime now. Sujith Gopinath – An unassuming guy with tons of aptitude towards planning. Whew! I sure learned the goodness of planning from this colleague of mine. Absolute method to counter all madness and emerge victorious!! Rakesh Upadhyay – A master in the Culinary world and my room mate in college, I still try to keep up to his simple adage in life, ‘Be the best in what you do’. He has lived unto it. He has been a hard act to follow. Vijay Thombre – A creative thinker who provoked me to new levels of creativity in my profession. People like him have the ability to ignite the minds around them and that has occurred with me too. It is a pity I cannot work with him continuously. Kiran, My Spouse – Last and arguably the one who has influenced my life most. She has a host of qualities I have emulated – Listening ability, clear and concise thought process, uncluttered mind and unfettered decision-making, thoughtful spending, budgeting, target orientation, target achievement (you should just ask her company), logic usage (in all situations), tidiness, eye for taste, planning, practicality, emotional leadership (she gets her teams to do anything…and I mean anything!!), friendliness and above all the capacity to be unruffled. Oh! I have conquered my temper just watching and emulating her!! These people are men and women that I have lived and worked with. I shall quote the Kotlers, Welches, Dr. inghs, Gandhis of the world to cover myself in adjusted glory.
I am an active 44yo male with AI diagnosed in childhood. I have enjoyed annual checkups and echos (until this year). Recently I visited my cardio for my exam and he now informs me I have progressed to "severe" and surgery is needed. I am going for a second opinion in early January. I have always known that surgery is immanent but now? I feel great exercise pretty regularly, and am very active with no limitations. I have always been told what symptoms to look for and I have none It's amazing how you can walk around and do most anything even though your valve is in bad shape. If you are in good physical condition, the body adapts and this can fool you. I'm in the severe range myself with a bicuspid aortic valve and a 4.3cm ascending aortic aneurysm, yet I feel fine and can do most anything...well, I get winded and I can't push to hard or else I get chest tightness. But I don't feel like I need surgery even though I do.
This Blog is Scott's fault and cannot be blamed on anyone but him. Awarded Best Morning Show and Radio Personality of the Year 2007 and 2008 by the Colorado Broadcaster's Association. Scotty Bondo is a mostly retired Juggler and Comedian spending his days in Breckenridge Colorado. An artist with several Ullr posters to his name, Scotty loves painting and drawing. Other interests include Skiing, Unicycling the local single-tracks and bike-paths, hiking, and hanging with #1 pal and fan; Kim.
Friday, August 9, 2013 ...I Found It, You Pin It...Friday! I'm all about arriving to your wedding in style! I'm in love with the fullness of this beautiful white wedding gown and how it flows out the door of this chic Rolls Royce to reveal a lovely bride, bouquet in hand, going to meet her groom! BREATH-TAKING!!! Until next time...PIN IT and WEDologize! (photo credit - http://somethingblue4u.tumblr.com)
9. March 2015 22:08 The southern area of Anza Borrego or as I like to call it , "the forgotten side" of Anza Borrego is often overlooked when it comes to desert flower season. Desert flower seekers tend to frequent the well known locales near Borrego Springs and other more accessible areas of the park. While it is true those areas, can put on a spectacular display, unfortunately you usually get the crowds along with it. Our preference is to search out the hidden washes and canyons of the south, climbing up boulder littered hillsides and hopping over stands of cholla in an attempt to get that one perfect flower picture. The downside is that you tend to go home... [More]
Chevrolet has taken the wrapping off its newest iteration of the Camaro. Engulfed in a holy war between the Mustang, the Camaro has always been a bit of an underdog. The original Mustang wiped the floor with the original Camaro, in terms of sales, and has kept going up until 2010 where the Camaro has outsold the Mustang since. The last Camaro was a good looking car, though the design got a bit frumpy as time went on, and in most trim levels was very fast. But, aside from the Z/28, it always seem to lack in the handling and interior departments, compared to its competitors. However, Chevy seems to be hellbent on rectifying those issues with the new 2016 Camaro. The biggest changes come from under the hood, where the Camaro now offers three engine choices. A 2.0 liter turbocharged four-cylinder is now standard in the base car, while a naturally aspirated V6 is optional as well as a fire-breathing 6.2 liter LT1 V8, sourced from the Corvette, in SS guise. The four-banger will boast 272 horses while the V6 will make 335 horsepower and the V8 will have 455 stampeding horses. All engine choices will be available with 6-Speed manuals and 8-Speed automatics. For 2016, the Camaro has also dropped some weight, around 200 lbs worth. That’s a significant amount, and much needed, considering the previous Camaro was a bit of a porker. The New Camaro is also built upon GM’s latest Alpha architecture, which also underpins the Cadillac ATS and CTS, so it should be a rigid chassis with good dynamics. Another benefit of the new chassis is size. The 2016 Camaro will be 2.3 inches shorter in length, 0.8 inches narrower and 1.1 inches shorter in height. This should give the Camaro a bit more nimble feeling over the outgoing car, as that one felt a bit barge-like. Both exterior and interior have been revised as well. The exterior is a bit of the same, which just a nip/tuck here and there to give it a cleaner, tighter look. The last car looked pretty good, so why fix what ain’t broke, right? But it’s the interior that has gone through the biggest change. With a flat-bottomed steering wheel, much nicer ergonomics and a fancy LCD screen in the gauge cluster, the new Camaro’s interior is miles ahead of the outgoing car. The last-gen’s interior felt like it was built by Fisher Price, but Chevy claims this new one has far better materials. According to some track drives, the new V6 is responsive with a throaty engine note and the shifter is quick and crisp with a light clutch pedal. It’s also said to have direct steering and a balanced and firm chassis. No word on performance numbers just yet, but expect the Camaro to be very competitive with the new Mustang in comparable trim levels. We won’t know for sure, exactly how the Camaro feels, until we get behind the wheel, but with the success of the ATS and CTS I have a feeling that GM is learning how to make some nice handling cars. So I’m assuming that this new Camaro will be no different.
Measurement Matters—Alternative Input Price Proxies for Bank Efficiency Analyses No abstract is available for this item. If you experience problems downloading a file, check if you have the proper application to view it first. In case of further problems read the IDEAS help page. Note that these files are not on the IDEAS site. Please be patient as the files may be large. As the access to this document is restricted, you may want to look for a different version under "Related research" (further below) or search for a different version of it. Volume (Year): 30 (2006) Issue (Month): 2 (October) |Contact details of provider:|| Web page: http://www.springer.com| |Order Information:||Web: http://www.springer.com/journal/10693| References listed on IDEAS Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.: - Maudos, Joaquin & Pastor, Jose M. & Perez, Francisco & Quesada, Javier, 2002. "Cost and profit efficiency in European banks," Journal of International Financial Markets, Institutions and Money, Elsevier, vol. 12(1), pages 33-58, February. - Francisco Pérez García & Javier Quesada Ibañez & Joaquín Maudos Villarroya & José Manuel Pastor Monsálvez, 1999. "- Cost And Profit Efficiency In European Banks," Working Papers. Serie EC 1999-12, Instituto Valenciano de Investigaciones Económicas, S.A. (Ivie). - Christensen, Laurits R & Jorgenson, Dale W & Lau, Lawrence J, 1973. "Transcendental Logarithmic Production Frontiers," The Review of Economics and Statistics, MIT Press, vol. 55(1), pages 28-45, February. - Berger, Allen N. & Mester, Loretta J., 1997. "Inside the black box: What explains differences in the efficiencies of financial institutions?," Journal of Banking & Finance, Elsevier, vol. 21(7), pages 895-947, July. - Allen N. Berger & Loretta J. Mester, 1997. "Inside the black box: what explains differences in the efficiencies of financial institutions?," Finance and Economics Discussion Series 1997-10, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (U.S.). - Allen N. Berger & Loretta J. Mester, 1997. "Inside the Black Box: What Explains Differences in the Efficiencies of Financial Institutions?," Center for Financial Institutions Working Papers 97-04, Wharton School Center for Financial Institutions, University of Pennsylvania. - Allen N. Berger & Loretta J. Mester, 1997. "Inside the black box: what explains differences in the efficiencies of financial institutions?," Working Papers 97-1, Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. - Bauer, Paul W. & Berger, Allen N. & Ferrier, Gary D. & Humphrey, David B., 1998. "Consistency Conditions for Regulatory Analysis of Financial Institutions: A Comparison of Frontier Efficiency Methods," Journal of Economics and Business, Elsevier, vol. 50(2), pages 85-114, March. - Paul W. Bauer & Allen N. Berger & Gary D. Ferrier & David B. Humphrey, 1997. "Consistency conditions for regulatory analysis of financial institutions: a comparison of frontier efficiency methods," Financial Services working paper 97-02, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland. - Paul W. Bauer & Allen N. Berger & Gary D. Ferrier & David B. Humphrey, 1997. "Consistency conditions for regulatory analysis of financial institutions: a comparison of frontier efficiency methods," Finance and Economics Discussion Series 1997-50, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (U.S.). - Bos, J.W.B. & Koetter, M. & Kolari, J.W. & Kool, C.J.M., 2009. "Effects of heterogeneity on bank efficiency scores," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 195(1), pages 251-261, May. - Uwe Jensen, 2000. "Is it efficient to analyse efficiency rankings?," Empirical Economics, Springer, vol. 25(2), pages 189-208. - Waldman, Donald M., 1982. "A stationary point for the stochastic frontier likelihood," Journal of Econometrics, Elsevier, vol. 18(2), pages 275-279, February. - Jondrow, James & Knox Lovell, C. A. & Materov, Ivan S. & Schmidt, Peter, 1982. "On the estimation of technical inefficiency in the stochastic frontier production function model," Journal of Econometrics, Elsevier, vol. 19(2-3), pages 233-238, August. - Lang, Gunter & Welzel, Peter, 1999. "Mergers among German Cooperative Banks: A Panel-Based Stochastic Frontier Analysis," Small Business Economics, Springer, vol. 13(4), pages 273-286, December. - Günter Lang, Peter Welzel, 1999. "Mergers Among German Cooperative Banks. A Panel-based Stochastic Frontier Analysis," Working Paper Series B 1999-03, Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena, Wirtschaftswissenschaftliche Fakultïät. - Lang, Gunter & Welzel, Peter, 1996. "Efficiency and technical progress in banking Empirical results for a panel of German cooperative banks," Journal of Banking & Finance, Elsevier, vol. 20(6), pages 1003-1023, July. - Altunbas, Yener & Evans, Lynne & Molyneux, Philip, 2001. "Bank Ownership and Efficiency," Journal of Money, Credit and Banking, Blackwell Publishing, vol. 33(4), pages 926-954, November. - repec:cor:louvrp:-834 is not listed on IDEAS - Jacob A. Bikker & Jaap W.B. Bos, 2005. "Trends in Competition and Profitability in the Banking Industry: A Basic Framework," SUERF Studies, SUERF - The European Money and Finance Forum, number 2005/2 edited by Morten Balling, April. - Jacob A. Bikker & Jaap W.B. Bos, 2005. "Trends in Competition and Profitability in the Banking Industry: A Basic Framework," Chapters in SUERF Studies, SUERF - The European Money and Finance Forum. - Jacob Bikker & Jaap Bos, 2004. "Trends in Competition and Profitability in the Banking Industry: A Basic Framework," DNB Working Papers 018, Netherlands Central Bank, Research Department. - David Hauner, 2005. "Explaining efficiency differences among large German and Austrian banks," Applied Economics, Taylor & Francis Journals, vol. 37(9), pages 969-980. - David Hauner, 2004. "Explaining Efficiency Differences Among Large German and Austrian Banks," IMF Working Papers 04/140, International Monetary Fund. - Aigner, D. J., 1974. "MSE dominance of least squares with errors-of-observation," Journal of Econometrics, Elsevier, vol. 2(4), pages 365-372, December. - Bos, Jaap W. B. & Heid, Frank & Koetter, Michael & Kolari, James W. & Kool, Clemens J. M., 2005. "Inefficient or just different? Effects of heterogeneity on bank efficiency scores," Discussion Paper Series 2: Banking and Financial Studies 2005,15, Deutsche Bundesbank, Research Centre. - Kumbhakar, Subal C & Ghosh, Soumendra & McGuckin, J Thomas, 1991. "A Generalized Production Frontier Approach for Estimating Determinants of Inefficiency in U.S. Dairy Farms," Journal of Business & Economic Statistics, American Statistical Association, vol. 9(3), pages 279-286, July. - Battese, George E. & Corra, Greg S., 1977. "Estimation Of A Production Frontier Model: With Application To The Pastoral Zone Of Eastern Australia," Australian Journal of Agricultural Economics, Australian Agricultural and Resource Economics Society, vol. 21(03), December. - Baltagi, Badi H & Griffin, James M, 1988. "A General Index of Technical Change," Journal of Political Economy, University of Chicago Press, vol. 96(1), pages 20-41, February. - Aigner, Dennis & Lovell, C. A. Knox & Schmidt, Peter, 1977. "Formulation and estimation of stochastic frontier production function models," Journal of Econometrics, Elsevier, vol. 6(1), pages 21-37, July. - Mountain, Dean C. & Thomas, Hugh, 1999. "Factor price misspecification in bank cost function estimation," Journal of International Financial Markets, Institutions and Money, Elsevier, vol. 9(2), pages 163-182, April. Full references (including those not matched with items on IDEAS) When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:kap:jfsres:v:30:y:2006:i:2:p:199-227. See general information about how to correct material in RePEc. For technical questions regarding this item, or to correct its authors, title, abstract, bibliographic or download information, contact: (Sonal Shukla)or (Rebekah McClure) If you have authored this item and are not yet registered with RePEc, we encourage you to do it here. This allows to link your profile to this item. It also allows you to accept potential citations to this item that we are uncertain about. If references are entirely missing, you can add them using this form. If the full references list an item that is present in RePEc, but the system did not link to it, you can help with this form. If you know of missing items citing this one, you can help us creating those links by adding the relevant references in the same way as above, for each refering item. If you are a registered author of this item, you may also want to check the "citations" tab in your profile, as there may be some citations waiting for confirmation. Please note that corrections may take a couple of weeks to filter through the various RePEc services.
“I believe that the lost secret of human emergence..the undefined catalyst that took a very bright monkey and turned that species into a self-reflecting dreamer..that catalyst has to be sought in these alkaloids in the food chain that were catalyzing higher states of intellectual activity.” — Terence McKenna Tony Wright and Graham Gynn are authors of Left In The Dark– the book that presents Tony’s research outlining a radical re-interpretation of the current data regarding human evolution and, they contend, our recent degenerated state we call “civilization”. You can read the book for free here. Despite such a young and extreme proposal positive reactions are growing and include such minds as Dennis McKenna, Stanislav Grof, Colin Groves, Michael Winkelman and many others. There are many mysterious anomalies about human evolution yet to be adequately explained. These include the human brains rapid expansion in size and complexity, why this accelerating expansion suddenly stalled roughly 200,000 years ago and our brains have been shrinking ever since, and why our rare glimpses of genius goes hand in hand with our species wide insanity. The following is a discussion with Tony Wright on these anomalies and more, followed by some further information on his theory. TS: After two decades of research and radical self-experimentation you’ve come to a synthesis between the ancient data and information coming out of modern science. Paradoxically this all seems to indicate a humongous problem, and simultaneously explains why we would be oblivious to it in the first place: we are all suffering from species wide neural retardation, and are now too deluded to even realize when faced with the mountain of evidence. Is this the general idea? TW: Yes. It should be virtually impossible to find any supporting evidence for such a profound theory if there was no real problem with the development and structural integrity of our neural system in the first place. If there were only ancient accounts of the diagnosis, or any supporting biological data, or initial support from some of society’s sharpest minds, then it should at least ring alarm bells. That all those elements exist and in addition our collective behavior has long been thought by many to be insane indicates something really serious just doesn’t add up. If everything is fine then the theory would be a no-brainer to refute, and we should at least have no fear in thoroughly checking it out. So during millions of years of evolution in the African tropical forest we developed a symbiosis with fruit, and your proposing that it is no coincidence the most complex tissue in the known universe evolved during a symbiosis with perhaps dozens of species of the most complex chemical factories on the planet. How did this occur? I’m proposing that the accelerating expansion of the neo-cortex was due to a runaway feedback mechanism driven by our own hormone system in combination with the complex plant bio-chemistry provided by our diet. What has been overlooked is the profound effects of flooding our brains 24/7 for thousands of generations with this highly advanced molecular engineering formula. Fruit is essentially a womb-like developmental environment for the seeds and has very unique, highly complex hormonally active chemistry. Our early development is dictated by the transcription process whereby changes in how the DNA is read dictate the type of structures that develop. Steroids like testosterone are the key players here, but by incorporating more and more of these DNA-reading plant chemicals into our diet we basically shifted from a typical mammalian developmental environment to more of a plant developmental environment. Along with regulating gene transcription many of these molecules increase brain activity, modulate the endocrine system including the pineal gland, inhibit mono amine oxidase (MAO inhibitors), are antioxidants and also inhibit the activity of our own hormones such as testosterone and oestrogens. Just altering the activity of these two hormones has a dramatic affect on many aspects of our development, physiology and neural structure. For example, decreasing they’re activity extends juvenility and the window for brain development by delaying the onset of sexual maturity. All this coming together would have many interconnected affects and, being that this bio-chemistry would be present in the developmental environment it would dramatically impact what develops at this most sensitive and rapid stage of brain/endocrine system growth in the uterus. This carried on after birth through breastfeeding, and then afterwards through directly ingesting this highly advanced molecular engineering cocktail we call fruit. Each generation would pass down a progressively modified neuro-endocrine system as a result. So after millions of years of ever more entangled co-evolution nearly all of the transcription chemicals present during our early development and on through life that were essential to our optimal design/functioning were lost and replaced by progressively worse substitutes irrelevant to our evolution.. all the way until we reach today’s ‘junk’ food. Ironically much of this actually has the opposite effect of fruit bio-chemistry on our hormones, causing the unique process to reverse. All of this sounds complex but at its foundation it’s just really basic engineering principles: If you change the design (transcription) and construction materials that a system or technology is built from and fueled by, then the structure and functionality of that system will inevitably change as a result. This logic is obvious when applied to any of our technologies but paradoxically we haven’t applied it to the thing involved in generating our perception, which just happens to be the most complex piece of kit we know. Our perception is directly correlated with and ‘effectively’ a product of the extremely sensitive structure and bio-chemistry of our brain and this has changed out of all recognition in a very short time. (more on this symbiosis) Makes sense considering even the slightest alterations in the structure or chemistry of the brain can result in major changes in overall functioning, how we perceive the world, and our sense of self. The powerful effects of taking even a minut dose of a psychedelic being a perfect example of this sensitivity! What happened when we lost this symbiosis? Even mild climate change can result in a shrinking of the forest. This would isolate and separate some symbiotic associations more easily than others but a big drying will affect even the most protected non seasonal niches. Eventually we left the forests and were separated from the highly advanced molecular engineering cocktail that we were immersed in for millions of years. The physiological structures most influenced by the symbiosis were the ones most vulnerable to exposure from the re-emerging basic mammalian hormone regime since it was these hormones that prevented their emergence in the first place. The most hormonally sensitive parts of our physiology would be the most affected; such as our reproductive system, immune system and our highly sensitive neural system, especially during its early development in the uterus. When the symbiosis ended and the archaic steroid regime re-asserts its influence the neocortex stalls and accelerating expansion turns into contraction. The complex neural architecture begins to erode and because the left hemisphere of the brain is more sensitive to steroids this side inevitably erodes at a quicker rate. Some genetic asymmetry and specialization was the primitive norm, and now one side is inevitably reverting back to the primitive type more quickly than the other. The orthodox view suggests each hemisphere has its own specialized capabilities and that the characteristics of the dominant left hemisphere, such as conceptual and rational thought/speech, are some of our most advanced traits. The data indicates that the development of the brain and in particular one side of the neocortex is now incomplete, and paradoxically the most retarded side has assumed control. With a loss of functioning we become less able to experience, understand and know, and with this comes fear. Fear is a powerful emotion that can mask all other mental functions and this played a part in suppressing the more baffling perceptions of the right hemisphere. When we lose any sense fear accompanies this and a growing sense of anxiety and the need for control arose as the left began actively resisting experiences it cannot categorize or understand since they are threatening to its very sense of self. This has severely limited our perception and compromised many abilities. The evidence suggests those abilities as well as a wholly different sense of self lie dormant in the right side of our brain and is only occasionally glimpsed by a tiny minority of people. Unfortunately this also creates a paradox. The dominant side of the brain is assessing itself and so while the concept of specialist abilities appears initially to make some sense on further investigation all is not as it appears and this doesn’t hold up. I have proposed that the abilities and perception facilitated by the left side of our brain are a more primitive and greatly reduced or distorted version of what still remains locked away in the right. Instead of separate senses a unified and highly advanced system that perceives everything all at once without any problems was the norm. These glimpses of synesthesia for example (which some are actually born with) could be a relic of this unified and coherent perceptual capability now well beyond and frightening to the primitive neural architecture of the left hemisphere. It’s interesting then that the myths of a previous golden age and humanities fall into dark times are found all over the world. Even the bible talks about our naked, forest dwelling, fruit eating past. This sort of theme is witnessed among Eskimos, Aborigines, Native Americans, Mayans and dozens of other cultures. Many also talked of a “higher self”. Do you think our ancient ancestors knew what happened? How did they go about addressing the problem? Do we still get glimpses of these right brained states of consciousness today? When you look at the ancient myths and traditions with all this in mind it becomes blatantly obvious that they all are attempting to describe and address through various techniques essentially the same thing- although both the myths and practices have become inevitably distorted over time from their original purpose as the condition progressed. Of course our tendency today is to dismiss them all as “myths” but in reality they may be more historic account than myth, and this would be expected if the condition was progressive. I’ve proposed that the origin of these ancient practices, such as shamanism, meditation, sleep deprivation, etc, were borne out of techniques to reduce the influence of the degrading left hemisphere and/or engage the abilities of the increasingly suppressed right hemisphere. If fruit was all that was needed to turn around the negative hormonal feedback loop that developed, our ancestors would have figured this out a long time ago. These practices would make a lot of sense if the general condition exists. Most of us today don’t escape the confines of the dominant left hemisphere except in dreams and perhaps subconscious glimpses during meditation or similar practices. More direct experiences are possible through supplementing with neuro-chemical analogues found in various psychedelic plants for example but a combination of approaches works best. Many such as prodigies, savants, etc, all display abilities characteristic of more access to the right hemisphere. Although if you were to take all of these abilities and put them together with once in a lifetime athletic feats, and shamanic states of consciousness it may still be only a glimpse of a state of being that our distant ancestors considered “normal”. While there has been a catastrophic loss the idea that we all have a fundamental problem with our neural functioning that is entirely treatable is immensely hopeful given our current situation. Food for thought There appears to be a mountain of evidence supporting Tony’s theory. For starters, we are learning more and more about the beneficial properties of fruit bio-chemistry all the time. One tomato for example contains 10,000 different phytochemicals that we currently know about. Many of these chemicals are transcription factors influencing the way the DNA is read and thereby influencing the structures that develop. Is it any wonder then that this can affect brain size? That our brains are shrinking? That poor construction materials can possibly lead to brain damage? Or that what a mother consumes can have a life long impact on the child after birth? For millions of years this unimaginably complex formula was directly influencing what structures develop at the most sensitive stages of growth. As the symbiotic relationship evolved the mammalian developmental environment was slowly infused with ever greater concentrations and complexity of plant hormones. This had a progressive impact on the way the DNA was read in turn resulted in novel structure and function. Even if the neo-cortex could be built to the same structural specifications, the major part of its essential neuro-active operating environment was also provided by the chemical cocktail in fruit. There currently is no other coherent and contextual explanation for the accelerating expansion of the brain which suddenly halted and began contracting around the time we left the African forests. In more recent times, the catastrophic loss of essential design specifications (transcription chemicals) and chronic neuro-chemical deficiency has been exacerbated by the use of increasingly poor quality construction materials. Katherine Milton’s findings suggest that we have lost around 95% of the complex plant bio-chemistry and nutrients that were present during our evolution for tens of millions of years. When considered within the context of the design, development and function of most complex and chemically sensitive thing we know, these factors in combination can only result in a massive failure. The chemistry of patriarchy It sounds unlikely that our left hemisphere is a dominant yet damaged version of the right, however there is evidence from various fields to support such a seemingly wild notion. Simon Baren-Cohen has discovered evidence that the left hemisphere is more susceptible to testosterone damage and that higher levels of testosterone in the womb are linked to a lower level of empathy and less social skills. His theory is that autism is an extreme form of the male brain; the male brain being ordinarily less empathic than female brains in the first place. Estradiol is made from testosterone by the enzyme aromatase and plays an important part in the “masculinisation” of the brain, or in this case, the damage to the left hemisphere. So the degree of masculinisation is determined by the amount of testosterone available and the degree of aromatase activity. The book elaborates: “As we have already seen (see Chapter Three for the link with oestrogen dependent cancer), the activity of aromatase is inhibited by plant flavonoids and, more importantly, by melatonin. Less melatonin leads to more aromatase activity, which in turn leads to increased masculisation of the brain and, at the extreme end of the spectrum, autism (which appears to be becoming much more common). Our ancestral fruit-based diet would have been rich in aromatase inhibiting factors – and in the past our pineals would have pumped more melatonin too. The degree of masculisation of the male brain we see today, therefore, may well be an aberration that has had huge consequences for us.” Males therefore appear to be the most damaged. Where this manifests in a greater degree of left-brain dominance it can be a disaster, as is evidenced by the abundance of fear and control in our male dominated society. Perhaps it is no surprise then that we live in such a patriarchal society where it’s the old men, chronically deficient in plant chemistry and suffering from years of testosterone driven over-masculinisation, who send the young to war and are currently running our society into the ground through they’re greed and lack of empathic understanding. Could it just be a coincidence that we see competitive and aggressive behavior all over the place and the biological data seems to predict this sort of behavior in the first place? To make matters worse much of the food we now consume contains the very same hormones that would have been inhibited, along with others that have many detrimental effects. If humanity were a single patient displaying the range of behavior we are collectively capable of and turned up at the neurology/psychology department of a prestigious hospital, what would they think of our mild to severe tendency for self harm and suicide? Or our oblivious destruction of the very environment that sustains us? Treating the hundreds of apparently ‘distinct’ behavioral, psychological and perceptual symptoms without at least checking for a general/structural cause would be grounds for serious negligence and a raft of law suits even if there were no smoking gun regarding evidence/mechanisms for a developmental/structural cause? In our case the evolutionary data and biological mechanisms are equivalent to fairly complete cctv footage of a serious accident, and the myths and spiritual traditions of many disparate cultures are eye witness accounts which include, once the dogma is stripped away, methods to treat the condition. Shamanism, psychedelic plants, yoga, meditation, fasting and sleep deprivation are just some examples of these techniques aimed at regaining some of this lost perception. Psychedelics and Other Clues Psychedelics like ayahuasca seem to be a powerful means of re-accessing these lost perceptual abilities (any wonder our left brained society has made these things illegal?). It’s been said that shamans for example who work with it enough can eventually bring in an altered state of consciousness willingly, without even drinking the brew. The beta-carbolines in ayahuasca alone are powerful MAO inhibitors with psychoactive properties by themselves (along with many other beneficial effects). We’re chronically deficient in not only a complex cocktail of plant MAO inhibitors but also the ones that our pineal glands would have produced in much higher amounts as well, given that flavonoids stimulate this gland. Pinoline is just one example. Many other psychedelics can undoubtedly help as a partial treatment. Tony’s mention of synesthesia being a relic of this advanced perception makes sense in light of E.A. Serafetinides research. Serafetinides administered LSD to those who had undergone either left or right temporal lobe removal. He found the perceptual affects were virtually non-existent after right but not left temporal lobe removal– further supporting the idea that the left hemisphere is no longer capable of making use of such profound activity and that this is another psychedelic catalyzing access to the latent functions of the more sensitive right hemisphere. Other research by Dr. Allan Snyder has found that by decreasing the dominance of the left hemisphere with magnetic fields the enhanced perceptual abilities of the right can be partially accessed. These include increased visual memory, drawing skills, and other abilities. He cites cases were autistic savants have damage to parts of the left hemisphere and how this results in a decreased ability to suppress the less filtered perceptions of the right hemisphere. Just one example of this is Steven Wiltshire, who has astonishing artistic abilities coupled with a photographic memory. Oddly, he cannot add or subtract! His left hemisphere lost its linear processing but this decreased its dominance, opening the door to the rights more advanced abilities. There are many others like Wiltshire with similar stories. Research into Alzheimer’s also supports the idea that we are chronically deficient in the chemicals abundant in a fruit, and that this is just a further symptom. Recently it’s made headlines that hundreds of dementia patients could be helped by a “drug breakthrough”. Dementia seems to be partially halted and reversed by drugs with the same sort of activity we see among these fruit chemicals (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22087826). A quick search on google reveals many fruit chemicals with the same exact properties. If this is the case then when we were flooded by an incredibly rich cocktail of flavonoids way beyond current research parameters then, relatively speaking, our reference points for dementia are invalid. Insanity and Hope If there was any indication at all that we had profound abilities locked within us then we should immediately look into this. Especially since it is precisely these sorts of enhancements in perception that are necessary if we are going to get ourselves out of the mess we’ve stumbled into. As Einstein said- “ The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.” If there were any evidence at all for widespread neural retardation would it not be a near certain candidate for the root problem behind our collective insanity and inability to live harmoniously with each other and our environment? If there is a structural problem with our neural architecture then this provides an absolutely amazing opportunity for a species scale ‘fix’ to our current state of literal insanity, and offers immense hope for our dire situation here on earth. Even if there was only the slightest indication that this was the case then we should at least check to be sure. Not rigorously checking into such a profound possibility would actually be a symptom, and it should be very easy to dismiss based on scientific methodology. The current reaction to this research is split, but the initial support leans heavily towards the more creative, innovative and intelligent spectrum of society who have been willing to scrutinize with an open mind. Even still, such broad initial support is a conundrum for such a radical new idea. Although the book is not well known as of yet, the Transpersonal Association of Estonia has selected it for translation. Meanwhile it’s being dismissed- often before even evaluating the evidence-by those who cite current or familiar paradigms..exactly as predicted if the condition is real. The consensus among many striving to better our world is that we are collectively engaged in a tightrope act between disaster and a massive shift in collective awareness. Our ignorance is jeopardizing the continuation of not only our own species but countless others and the planet as a whole. We have the physical means to turn things around but it is a crisis of consciousness; and thus our own minds that stand in our way. We are glued into our conditioned behaviors and ways of viewing the world. Without a fundamental change in the way we relate to ourselves, the earth, and our place in the cosmos, we will only see more of the same. History repeats itself and, as we have seen time and time again, attempts to fix any of the individual problems (symptoms) that arise from a deranged collective mind are doomed to fail in the long run unless the damaged equipment generating all these problems is addressed. Major shifts in perception can be accomplished relatively quickly by combining various techniques. It’s straight forward: replace this plant bio- chemistry for the long term and diminish the influence of the left hemisphere while simultaneously engaging the right hemisphere. The trend is very consistent from those who’ve dabbled. The more one explores the more mind blowing and self-evident it becomes. Ultimately it comes down to a choice. Look at the evidence, experiment and decide for yourself. This only a glimpse at some of the supporting data. For more information see New book project Terence McKenna ~ “You must cut through the aura of programming and cultural assumptions that surround us from the moment we are able to speak. The only way this can be done is by dissolving the boundaries of ego. Ego is a structure that is erected by a neurotic individual who is a member of a neurotic culture against the facts of the matter. And culture, which we put on like an overcoat, is the collectivized consensus about what sort of neurotic behaviors are acceptable… ..The goal can now be stated. What this is all about is a return to archaism with the lessons learned in history. Thats where we were happy. The fall was a fall..Into a veil of tears..Into a world of limitation, pain, suffering, infectious disease and so forth and so on. It’s a prodigal journey into a lower dimension that can now be ended by a collective cultural decision to commit to this Taoist shamanistic feminized cybernetic caring aware present kind of being.” Latest posts by Trevor Smith (see all) - The Benefits of Living Foods - Dec 14, 2013 - Rupert Sheldrake: Are Psychic Phenomena Illusory? - Jun 29, 2013 - Transcending the Medical Frontiers: Exploring the Future of Psychedelic Drug Research - Jun 18, 2013
It's just days until Christmas 2014 and not a flake in the air. In fact yesterday it was 12c at 6am! It is however very windy, and wet. A typically normal British winter. There isn't a great deal happening in the garden. I have yet to work on my winter interest. Inside there are two temporary additions to my orchid collection. One of the ladies who works on my corridor had a dying specimen. I should really have taken a photo of the plant before I repotted it. It appeared to have a baby growing halfway up on of the dead looking stems, with a withering leaf, but this new healthy leaf was forming. I split the two plants and repotted each into fresh orchid compost. Now we wait... Among my own orchids, there are a lot of fresh buds forming. I've repotted a couple This white flowering orchid had another 6 new stems so it will be some time before it will be able to be repotted. Whereas these pink ones will soon be over so will be repotted in the New Year. This beauty is fattening up to flower. I forget what colour it is. And this one has gone over. The next step will be a new leaf. Since its Christmas, my indoor flowers have a festive theme. All that remains is for me to curl up with a hot chocolate and a seed catalogue, and wish you all a very merry Christmas and may 2015 be your year!
Now, H-1 Jakarta Fashion Week 2012 for Dian Pelangi and Irna Mutiara's fashion show. Because of the dress code is Beautifully Black, so today I'm 'iseng' doing make up test. This is my first experience use full make up by my self. And here is it the results! And I also try to wear turban style with Dian Pelangi's scarf However, I still confuse with what should I wear for tomorrow :(
Socket Head Bolts Blank, Socket Head Bolts Set Screw, Socket Head Bolts Set Screw HDG manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Socket Head Bolts Blank, Cable Construction Grout Socket PE, PE Grout Socket for Cable Construction and so on. It is the last photo. You have seen all photos. Request a custom order and have something just for you! Enter between 20 to 4,000 characters. This is not what you are looking for? Post a Sourcing Request Now
This is the first book in the new Urban Fantasy series by Candace Blevins. I can say I was totally blown away by the story, once I started it, it was very hard to put down. Candace knows how to draw you into the story with vivid detail and character development. I felt immediately immersed in the heroine Kirsten’s life right from the beginning. She lives in a world full of supernaturals, not many humans know about them and a balance has to be kept by them because evil is out and killing people. Kirsten may be only human, but she is a very strong one and is able to help with hunting those evil supernaturals. She meets some very powerful beings, Abbott; the vampire, Mordecai; a god, Randall; a werewolf, Nathan; a lion shifter, and Aaron; a dragon shifter, with who she’s had a long-standing friendship. She ends up under their protection and a few of them are even interested in her. BDSM elements, which are right up the author’s alley, make for an even more interesting story as Kirsten is submissive, but not just with any Dom, that Dom has to earn her submission. Just an amazing story that filled me with suspense, I couldn’t wait to find out what would happen next. It also had me longing to meet some of the men in her life, especially Abbott, Aaron and Nathan, these three really intrigued me. I cannot wait to explore more of this world in the other books associated with this series. * I received a copy from the author in exchange for an honest review Only Human (Kirsten O'Shea Book 1) Date Added: 05/31/2015 by Eva Perez
Mark it down. Recall it to your grandchildren one day. The week ending Friday 8th January 2016 is when “PC” in Australia sent us all around the twist. As a nation we are a mad house. We’re officially Bonkers! It is entirely possible after considering this post that you, the reader, add Koneko to the list of those who “don’t get it”. The Don’t Get It List is where everyone who doesn’t agree with a yet-to-be officially ratified, Political Correctness School of Philosophy, is banished for speaking out against politically correct philosophical pronouncements (PCPee-Pee). Note: At the time of writing nobody can confirm whether an offence has been committed by the use of the term “pee-pee”. What IS extremely certain is that having a “pee-pee” is problematic nowadays! So what did happen this week that sent us off the PC equivalent of the Richter Scale? The first mistake made was a seemingly innocuous one. We watched cricket on a summers eve (what were we thinking in retrospect? Bad move!) On a day where our forefathers would have packed a Test cricket venue, NOBODY attended a Test Match. EVERBODY, however, tuned in to the Big Bash. The Big Bash is where cricket mad Aussies, instead of hating the Paki’s or the fucking pommie bastards all dressed in white, get to cheer on teams dressed in bright colours. Sri Lankans, South Africans, English, West-Indians, Aussies & others play side-by-side in an atmosphere of camaraderie and high spirits. Personalities we once hated with a passion … such as KP & Freddie Flintoff … now boom into our lounge rooms as comics, entertainers and genuine great blokes (not sure if I can say bloke either?) Responsibility for the second mistake falls squarely on the shoulders of the Hobart Hurricanes bowlers. Why-oh-Why did they bowl 14 hapless deliveries that allowed Chris Gayle to plunder 41 runs? THAT interview would never have taken place. Without their misguided contribution we might still be teetering on the edge of sanity. But it happened. Squire Gayle entertained us like Zorro wielding willow and then proceeded to plunge mankind (used deliberately) into a new gender-based Ice Age. If you have just been released from a mental institution and don’t know what I am talking about click here. In summary, the crime was to flirt on television. His punishment = $10k fine. OUR punishment = not getting to see him Down Under ever again? All on top of the pain & suffering we are experiencing as a result of the pandemic known as PC. Let me state right now, before I exercise my right of free speech, that I support equality, and I deplore discrimination and domestic violence. Playful flirting and practical joking is NONE of these things. Do not trot out the “but this is her workplace” claptrap. Do you know how many people find their spouse or partner through “the workplace”? And do we really think that this would be the same story if Meg Lanning had propositioned a male reporter during a WBBL mid-match interview? Indeed footage materialised of a female news reporter “chatting up” a bare chested male beach goer. This was deemed fair television. Equality? If the fight is for equality, where is that elusive beast in all of the hoo-ha we are now being subjected to? And where does “freedom of expression” stand? Is it dead? A patron (he was a MAN) was ejected from the MCG at a subsequent BBL game for holding up a banner that read, “#standbyGayle”. In the very same ground a patron was NOT ejected (she was a WOMAN) for holding up a sign saying, “Marry me Marcus Stoinos”. Fancy harassing poor sweet Marcus in his place of work like that? Shame! But it doesn’t end there. No it is only the beginning of the week that was. Enter Peter Dutton MP. Most of us will admit to having “drunk text” at some stage and got it horribly wrong. Mr Dutton needs no such lubrication. The technology “Gaff-father” can do it sober as a judge and cock it up monumentally. Not only did he use the incredibly offensive description “mad fucking witch”, he inadvertently text “mad fucking witch” TO the mad fucking witch, which opened up the damned broom closet on a whole new front. Let me share the following with you as Exhibit A for PC out of control. The Sydney Morning Herald (referenced below) contained an article entitled, “Witching hour at Peter Dutton’s office as protestors call for sacking over text”. Let me quote … “The term ‘witch’ is generally thought of as a gendered insult when used by men to describe women. Feminist author and commentator Jane Caro told Faifax Media: By saying mad fucking witch you are actually painting a picture of something that is very different from “mad fucking idiot”, which would have been fine because it is an equal opportunity insult” An EQUAL OPPORTUNITY INSULT … WTF? Leslie Nielsen (yep Leslie can be a boys name) could respond best. Surely you aren’t serious? I am serious and don’t call me Shirley! I can’t speak for you but I do not want to participate in a society that even contemplates an “equal opportunity insult”, let alone one that actually has a name for it! The article goes on to recommend Mr Dutton be sacked … and replaced by a woman (one proficient in the use of mobile technology I presume?). In a parallel Universe, a politician (call him Mr Button) accidentally sent a text (meant for a parliamentary colleague) to a male journalist calling him a “mad fucking warlock”. And, curiously, NOBODY jumped to the journo’s aid by trotting out an “equal opportunity insult” defense. How would it even go? Ahh Mr Button you shouldn’t refer to Barnaby Joyce as a warlock it would be more appropriate and non-gender-offensive to call him a mad fucking idiot? Meanwhile, back in our universe, the following occurred: - A father drove himself and his 2 young sons off a wharf in SA in a murder-suicide. Details about WHY have been suppressed by the media to protect the public ???; - A passenger on a domestic flight in WA groped cabin crew. It was never reported in the media and went unpunished ???; - A man committed domestic violence against his wife … and the wife’s mother encouraged her to go back to him ???; - A young man dies in an early morning one-punch attack in a Brisbane nightclub precinct; - George Pell continues to avoid the Royal Commission into child abuse in the church due to “ill health” but is fit to be in his workplace managing the Catholic Churches finances at the Vatican (talk about a discriminating workplace); - AFL player Dustin Martin remains “unpunished” after his accuser WAS prepared to do a TV interview (dentist style and for her employers network) but WASN’T prepared to undertake a formal police interview; - Donald Trump offends or discriminates against a new group every day … and continues to be a presidential candidate. [edit as at 20/1/17 he is now POTUS …] Violence is violence. Discrimination is discrimination. Abuse is abuse. If you threaten ANYONE with violence THAT is the issue. Not gender. According to the media a woman in a restaurant is a WOMAN but a man is a PATRON or a DINER. What would newspaper articles look like if gender was not allowed to be disclosed? “A patron in a bar alleges that they were threatened by another patron with chopsticks”, reads very differently from “Drunk AFL star threatens woman with a weapon” Here is the Ko-down … and it is an incredibly important one. Feminists, activists, PC devotees take note. If you try to push the barrows of equal opportunity and respect for women through the media using controversial sensationalism, then the men who most need educating will shutdown and an opportunity will be lost… Do not underestimate the potential for those with a pee-pee to throw the baby out with the bath water. If you want to make a real sustainable difference then keep the message simple, pure, fair and easy to understand … and don’t target sports people. The week where Aussies lost the plot completely just happened to coincide with the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo shootings … Liberté, égalité, fraternité
Media heavyweight Tucker Carlson said his latest job is the "most permanent" gig he's ever had. "As a rule, I never plan beyond lunch," he told us, "but I'd say The Daily Caller is the most pemanent job I've ever had." Legions of guests filled the home of The Ashcroft Group's Juleana Glover last night to celebrate the launch of Carlson's new site, which went live Monday. The guest list ran the gamut of D.C. favorites from ABC's Ann Compton, Scooter Libby, David Frum, Jack Tapper, Eli Lake, Nick Gillespie and Christopher Hitchens to up-and-comers like Roll Call's Emily Heil and Politico's Kiki Ryan. Carlson said he starts the day at 5:30 a.m. to accommodate all the must-reads. "It hasn't been a big month for sleeping," he said. "The launch has been an adventure. Ten years from now, when virtually all news is delivered digitally online and there are hundreds of sites doing pretty much exactly what we do, I'm sure we'll have competitors. "As of today, we have only friends." Tucker's gone from CNN's Spin Room, to Crossfire, to PBS to MSNBC to FOX with plenty of writing positions along the way. The consensus: If anybody can thrive and survive in this industry, it's Tucker. At the party, Bill Press wished Carlson luck. "As a radio talk show host, I read and steal from all of them," he said. "My advice to Tucker: Have fun!"
Push-Pop Confetti - Pink Gender Reveal 1.5" x 7.5" including handle Dazzle the celebration with this fun push-pop confetti! Inside is pink confetti that is surrounded by gold confetti to keep the color a secret until it's time to reveal the color. Best of all the container is reusable and food safe (so go ahead and make and eat that push-up pop later!). One cannot simply take the lid off and wait for it to explode. It is a simple machine. The best method for confetti flying fun is to hit the stick on the middle of the palm of your hand while you do your best volleyball impression! Estimated Production Time: Up to 3 Business Days
Separate names with a comma. Discussion in 'Community Discussion' started by jb60606, May 23, 2008. Click the image Go two clicks north Pan left and look at the kid next to the car South Oakley Ave wow the google vans catch some much, i hope the cops should get on that Looks like a water gun... looks real to me after zooming in. Are Google photographing the streets of whole cities?! I'm quite shocked by this! Is it really neccessary to take photos of people's private properties and post them publicly on the internet? What is the benefit of this over a simple street map? Surely there are some ethical issues here... well they're taking pictures of the streets, to further help people find their way around by the use of landmarks and visuals, which is useful quite a lot of times. is it necessary? no. is it helpful? yes. ethical issues? none so long as they make sure to respect the privacy of any individuals who happen to be captured by blurring their faces and license plates out. the EU, i know, has warned them already that privacy rights must be upheld. they started this months ago btw... and it doesn't look like a real gun to me. I know the "Google van" in this picture is white, but has anyone noticed any black vans with the camera turrets on top? I see them nearly every day now, where I am, and I wasn't sure if they were from Google, or something else. They look similar to this, but shorter in length and with one-way mirrored black windows. 360 degree domed turret on top, w/cameras. I'll try and get a picture the next time I see one, but it's definately getting a little too "enemy of the state" for my comfort around here. my paranoia/imagination is fascinating isn't it... Oh, it's really hard to tell if that's a real gun or not. If you use your imagination it could go either way. One thing's for sure, though: if you look closely you'll notice the other kid is not a kid at all but a martian: If it wasn't a real gun we should give him one. We must arm all our children against this new Martian Menace. martian or not; the kid running away appears to be wearing a jock strap on his head. I've always though google street view was really cool. Then they took a picture of my house, and I'm a little less fond of it now. In the US, you can be photographed in a place where you don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy. Walking down the street certainly isn't one of those places. Still, I understand that Google will alter the Streetview photos on request. This is a great tool for our work. Practically a miracle. try this one
Spend $200 & get free delivery to most of Australia Click here for all Australian freight rates - Melbourne 1-2 working days - Sydney 2-3 working days - Brisbane 3-4 working days - Adelaide 4-5 working days - Perth 5-10 working days For express service, call 1800 069 295 for a quote. International deliveries click here We cannot ship to all countries. There are currently no reviews for this product. 2010 Ninth Island Pinot Noir Subscribe to stock alerts Please enter your email address to receive stock alerts for this product: - Cellar Drink Now - 3 years (2011-2014) - ABV 13.5% - Closure: Screw Cap Semi translucent bright crimson red colour with crimson mauve hue. Aromas of macerated cherry and raspberry followed by a hint of stalk and spice. Light to medium weight the palate displays flavours of cherry, spice and raspberry with the spice persisting onto the back palate. Fine grained, slightly dryish tannins with aftertaste of dark cherry and spice. Drink over the next 2-3 years (2011-2014).
Strategy Informer has posted a new batch of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince Screenshots. harry potter and the half blood price???? i thought it was half blood PRINCE. i just gunna report that, but thats what it says on the actual site. well now you know why i didn't, haha. N4G is a community of gamers posting and discussing the latest game news. It’s part of NewsBoiler, a network of social news sites covering today’s pop culture.
Monday, August 15, 2005 This is such a popular spot with Louise that we can't even mention 'dogpark' unless we intend on walking her there that moment. We have started to refer to it as 'the DP' instead. The nice thing about this park is that there is a section for families, with a playground, etc. and an ungroomed section for dogs. The dogs are allowed to dig holes, run off leash, generally play and sniff around in a relaxed manner. This next shot was taken the same day, on our morning walk. Louise had just met a young dog named Max. They played chase for a while, until Louise admitted that she couldn't keep up with such a young and energetic dog. His longer legs complicated matters even worse for her. But she was a good sport about it, and chased him for several minutes just for the fun of it. Before our walk home, I gave her a chance to rest. Since the grass was still damp, she felt the best way to cool off was to roll around in it.
OK, enough talk about fats, what about the taste? Earth Balance uses agave as a sweetener which makes the peanut butter less bland than all natural but less sweet than Kraft. The taste is more salty than sweet (55mg of sodium per 1 tbsp) and has a very nice roasted flavour. The peanut butter will retail in the U.S. at prices ranging from $3.99 to $4.49 for a 16oz jar at places like Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, Safeway, and Wegman's, but are not yet available in Canada (son of a . . . !). I certainly hope I can buy more in the near future. You can find out more here.
DETECTIVES are investigating after a man was shot in both legs on Tuesday evening. The attack happened in the village of Cullyhanna, south Armagh. The PSNI say a gang of men entered a house in the village around 7.30 pm and shot the man who is in his 40s. He was taken to hospital by ambulance where he is being treated for gunshot injuries to his legs. However, they are not thought to be life-threatening. Police said a number of other people who were in the house at the time were left shocked but uninjured. Sinn Féin councillor, Colman Burns, said: “Those responsible for this attack must outline their rationale for doing this and what they hoped to achieve. “The community in south Armagh is appalled at this incident and I would urge anyone with information to present it to the authorities.”
NOAA Harmful Algae Research Featured at Interstate Seafood Seminar NCCOS’s Dr. Quay Dortch was a featured speaker at the 66th Interstate Seafood Seminar conference during a session devoted to harmful algal blooms (HABs) and their impacts on shellfish safety and shellfish production. Dortch discussed NOAA’s HAB programs and how they enhance state rapid response and build a national capacity to minimize HAB impacts. She also underscored how NOAA’s extramural and intramural HAB programs address end-user needs and provide research opportunities for stakeholders. Shellfish growers, harvesters, processors, state public health and resource managers, and federal managers and regulators attended the seminar and discussed issues of interest to the shellfish industry in the mid-Atlantic states. HABs particularly threaten the rapidly expanding shellfish growing industry. There was great interest in understanding the HAB threat to public health and shellfish production—especially Diarrhetic Shellfish Poisoning—and developing better forecasting, monitoring, and mitigation. For more information, contact Quay.Dortch@noaa.gov.
Member Favorites: 1 SuirenA 13-year-old orphaned girl who accidentally becomes involved with the Taiten-Gyoudou. Though she’s small and rather weak, she always tried to help her impoverished village. She did this for a while by impersonating a Taiten-Gyoudou warrior and doing meager tasks such as playing pranks on corrupt government officials or helping lost children find their way home. She meets Taisou when she “rescues” him from some bandits (though he wasn’t really in danger). He reveals her identity later on and gets her arrested, but then saves her and her village as well. Afterwards, Taisou literally drags her along with him against her will. In the later chapters, she volunteers to join the Taiten-Gyoudou as an apprentice. Suiren feels strongly about justice and is disgusted with China’s government. She becomes frustrated when she cannot do anything but watch evil things occur. In the manga, her reactions to Taisou’s and the Taiten-Gyoudou members’ antics provide comic relief. She also gets along well with Taisou’s “Master”. In chapter 24, the “Earth Beast” star chooses Suiren as its new host. Voice ActorsNo voice actors have been added to this character. Help improve our database by searching for a voice actor, and adding this character to their roles here.
This is Lisa Kelly – the much loved school worker whose death has touched the hearts of people across the borough. Moving tributes have come flooding in for Ms Kelly, who died after collapsing in the car park of Bamburgh School, South Shields, on Wednesday. Floral tributes were laid in the school grounds today. The pictures, released by her family, show the 30-year-old education practitioner with her partner Gavin and twin daughters Jasmine and Scarlett Calvert The school’s headteacher, Peter Nord, led the tributes to his colleague, who he described as being “loved by pupils, staff, parents and carers alike”. Tragedy struck the school when Lisa collapsed in the car park. She was airlifted to Newcastle’s Royal Victoria Infirmary but later died. Since then, tributes have been left by both those who knew her and strangers, who have all been moved by the tragedy. James Lister said: “I didn’t know her nor did I go to that school. But it’s always sad when you lose someone especially when they’re as young as Miss Kelly was. “Makes you appreciate life even more as you never really know when your time is up. “Obviously my thoughts go out to her family and to her students that must be upset and not truly understanding what happened.” Beverley Sanyang wrote: “Absolutely heart-breaking. My son did all his schooling with her and she truly was loved by pupils and parents. “Always smiling. My heart goes out to her family and her two little girls, My memories of her will always be of our time together in special care baby unit when our little girls were in together.” Describing the school staff member as having a “heart of gold”, Steph Martin said: “Absolutely heartbroken. Lisa was such a loving woman and had a heart of gold. She helped me loads in school. “Fantastic woman all round. Thoughts are with her family right now xx” Ali Lazenby wrote: “She was a beautiful young woman inside and out taken far too soon. RIP Lisa, thoughts are with Gav and girls and her family xx” Diane Moll said: “My thoughts are with her twins and her family, so sorry for your loss. Lisa Kelly was very, very special lady to all her pupils and their parents, she will be truly missed.” A report has been prepared for the coroner in Newcastle, who has been made aware of her death.
Here’s another map animation from the BBC that helps people visualize the stalemate nature of the Western Front of World War I. If this animation is available in any form for purchase from the BBC for classroom use, I haven’t found it. I do wish the BBC would do a DVD or CD compilation of these animations and make it available at very low cost to teachers (high costs mean schools buy only one copy, which teachers can’t get a chance to see, and consequently won’t integrate into their lesson plans; paradoxically, a low-priced disk would probably earn BBC more money, and certainly would contribute to much more classroom learning). This would be a good link for individual study at home on the internet. A great lecture could be built around it, if one has internet access live in the classroom and a way to project it.
The assassination of the Austrian heir to the throne, Archduke Franz Ferdinand, on the 28th of June 1914 in Sarajevo was the fatal trigger of World War I. One hundred years on, the Leopold Museum is dedicating a comprehensive exhibition to the fate of Austrian artists who were active between 1914 and 1918. The war experiences of Egon Schiele, Albin Egger-Lienz and Anton Kolig provide the starting point for the exhibition. »I am a soldier now and have just lived through the hardest 14 days of my life« Schiele wrote in 1915. During his military service he painted Russian prisoners of war as well as his superiors. Anton Kolig reported from the war zone in 1916: »I am painting in great distress«. Albin Egger-Lienz, meanwhile, pondered the »unyielding stride of eternal fate« on the Italian frontline. While war painters depicted the horrors of war, large-scale art exhibitions were organized in Austria and in neutral countries abroad. Even at the height of the war, Kolo Moser painted works of intense coloring. At the same time, Gustav Klimt worked on his female portraits, allegories and late Attersee landscapes. When Klimt died in February 1918, Schiele drew the artist on his deathbed. In October of the same year he captured his fatally ill wife Edith. Both succumbed that same month – shortly before the end of the war – to the Spanish Flu. Selected works by contemporary artists from Italy, Romania, Russia and Serbia – the countries that Austria-Hungary fought on the frontlines during World War I – create a connection to the present. Presented in the exhibition are 200 works, 40 of which hail from the collection of the Leopold Museum, 30 from the Leopold Collection II and 130 from public and private Austrian and international lenders. The historical objects are complemented by contemporary art interventions.
Cougars Look to Sweep Huskies in Season Finale April 17, 2007 This Week - The 45th ranked Washington State Cougars (14-10, 1-6 Pac-10) look to sweep archrival Washington (3-16, 0-6 Pac-10) when they travel to Seattle, Saturday, April 21 at noon for their season finale...match is scheduled for the Bill Quillian Tennis Stadium but could be moved to the Nordstrom Tennis Center, because of inclement weather. Series With Washington - Saturday's match against the Huskies will mark the 46th all-time meeting between the two teams...Washington holds a 37-8 record over the Cougars...WSU has captured the last two victories and have a chance since the 1995-96 seasons to defeat Washington in three consecutive matches and sweep the Huskies in a season...in the first meeting of the season, the Cougars earned a 4-3 victory over the Huskies in Pullman, a nonconference match... last victory WSU captured over Washington in Seattle was April 21, 1996 when the Cougars captured a 7-2 victory. Roping the Gauchos - The Cougars improved its all-time record against UC Santa Barbara to 3-0 after last week's 6-1 victory...WSU was lead by its seniors Amy Toth and Marjolein van de Ven...Both earned single match wins in their respective slots...junior Ekaterina Burduli secured the match victory for the Cougars after her 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 win in the No. 1 slot over Marta Simic...WSU increased its margin of victory with wins in the five and six slots. She's the van (de Ven) - Senior Marjolein van de Ven captured her team leading 24th victory of the season tying last year's mark, which tied her fifth on the WSU single season victory list...van de Ven defeated UC Santa Barbara's Asagi Onaga, 6-1, 6-2 last week...currently, van de Ven was the fourth player in school history to record back-to-back 20 win seasons. Great Toth! - Senior Amy Toth continued her winning ways by capturing a straight set 6-1, 6-2 victory against Carina Bjornstrom in the No. 2 slot...Toth has accumulated 75 wins during her four years at WSU...the 75 victories earns her sole possession of fifth place on the all-time lost...she currently holds a 17-17 record. Double Trouble - Doubles tandem Marjolein van de Ven and Ekaterina Burduli captured their 12th victory of the season against Santa Barbara's top doubles duo Simic/Scattlife, 8-4...WSU's top doubles team now has 22 career victories, which is good enough for seventh place on WSU's all-time doubles victories list. Hart of the Matter - We're excited to go to TOMORROW | 7:00pm PTLive Fri 8/25 | 6:00pm PTLive Fri 8/25 | 8:00pm PTLive
Electronic Intifada, June 26 2007 This week on Crossing The Line, as the crisis in the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp enters its fifth week, host Chris Brown gets two reports from correspondents Dr. Marcy Newman and Sharif Bibi who are in Lebanon working with Palestinian refugees from Nahr al-Bared. Brown also speaks with Kathryn Webber, a student leader at DePaul University who is part of an ongoing protest to rescind the tenure denial of Professor Norman G. Finkelstein. And finally Paul Larudee from the International Solidarity Movement talks about the Free Gaza Movement which is an action set to test Israel's sea-occupation of the Gaza Strip by internationals who will attempt to sail to the Gaza Strip from Cyprus in August 2007. Listen Now [MP3 - 41.6 MB, 45:23 min]
Greetings gamers and gamers to be! I am Kaber Duhn, your DM, and guide through the world of fantasy role playing. For seventeen years now, I have been both a role player and a dungeon master, and yet, the excitement of it all never ceases to amaze me. Follow me while I take you upon a journey, a journey into the imagination. Remember to grab your backpack, pencils, paper and dice for who knows when we will be able to stop for supplies. Come, come, time is awasting. ADnD, or Advanced Dungeons and Dragons, is among one of the most popular Table-Top RPG or Role-Playing Games today. Most of you are familiar with the term RPG but for those who are not, RPG is defined as: Most RPGs today are found in video game titles played on PC, Playstation or other similar game systems. In these games the GM, or Game Master, is played by the computer and the player becomes the main character or characters in a preprogrammed story line. Table-Top gaming is quite different, as you are interacting with real people, not computer or video game generated ones. Here the GM or DM, Dungeon Master, creates a story line, a plot that other players interact within. The whole thing is done with paper and pencil, a lot of imagination and the rolling of dice to simulate random events. While there are a variety of different types of Role Playing Games we will focus on one aspect, the fantasy RPG, Advanced Dungeons and Dragons. Dungeons and Dragons Creator Gary Gygax was born on July 27, 1938 in Chicago, Illinois. The son of German immigrants, he began playing games at the age five, starting with card games and then chess. First taught to play by his mother, his discovery of fantasy and science fiction through the works of pulp author, such as Jack Vance and Robert E. Howard, would ignite in him twin obsessions that have defined his life from that point onward -- fantasy and gaming. Those loves would eventually combine in the creation of Dungeons & Dragons, the father of role-playing games. Gygax and Don Kaye, later joined by Blume and Arneson, formed their own company in 1973 which they named Tactical Studies Rules, after a local gaming club called the Lake Geneva Tactical Studies Association. This company was formed to market the "fantasy war game to be played with paper and pencil" that they renamed Dungeons & Dragons (after a suggestion by Gygax's wife, Mary). The game first appeared at the 1973 EasterCon, had a limited availability throughout 1973, and the first print run of 1,000 copies was officially released (in a white box) in January of 1974. It sold out within the year. The game consisted of three booklets: Men and Magic, Monsters and Treasure, and Wilderness & Dungeon Adventures. It was also recommended that owners get a copy of Chainmail as well as the Avalon Hill game, Outdoor Survival. There were three classes: Fighting Man, Magic-User, and Cleric. The terms were intentionally vague and much research was done to prevent putting anything into the game that actually resembled real-world magic systems. The authors eventually decided to base the game's magic system on the fantasy writings of Jack Vance. There were also four different races: human, dwarf, hobbit, and elf. Objections and legal complaints from the Tolkien estate caused the "hobbit" race to be changed to the "halfling" race later. When the game started getting somewhat popular after the first year or so, they decided to publish some of the details of their own campaigns along with some expansion rules for the game. This product was the original Greyhawk . It introduced the Thief character class and had notes on magic, monsters, and more. Then they published Blackmoor, which introduced the Monk and Assassin classes and included the very first module: Temple of the Frog. Then came Eldritch Wizardry, which introduced the Druid class and psionics. The last book of this series was Gods, Demigods, and Heroes, which listed several pantheons for use with the game. In 1975, Arneson and Gygax parted ways, and Don Kaye had a fatal heart attack. Kaye's wife decided, along with Gygax and Blume, to break up the company. Gygax and Blume went on to create TSR Hobbies, Inc. later that year. At this point, the game was comprised of many rules spread throughout numerous books, supplements, and magazines. In addition, Gygax had amassed a pile of campaign notes and new rules that he wished to add to the game. It was decided that a new edition of the game should be released, but instead of calling it a second edition and discontinuing the first, TSR launched Advanced Dungeons & Dragons. This expanded and updated version commenced with the release of the Monster Manual in 1977. It was followed in 1978 by the Player's Handbook and in 1979 by the Dungeon Master's Guide. In 1997, Wizards of the Coast, Inc., publishers of the wildly popular Magic: The Gathering? trading card game, acquired TSR. In 2000, Wizards of the Coast published the third edition of Dungeons & Dragons, the wholly reworked successor to 2nd edition Advanced Dungeons & Dragons and Basic Dungeons and Dragons. As you can see, ADnD has quite a history. You can find a complete Time Line in the history of ADnD at DnD Archives Now you know a little about ADnD. But what is it really like? How do you play? The answer is right here. While this is not by far, a step by step process it should give you an idea. The game uses a system of Dice of various numbers. A 20 sided dice, or d20, a 12 sided dice, d12, a d10, d8, d6, and a d4. The original DnD only had 6 dice. These dice sets can be picked up at your local game store either individually or together and they vary in prices depending on the type and material of the die. It can be just as much fun collecting the various die as playing the game. Oh, ok so you have paper, you have a pen or pencil and you went out and got some dice......now what? Well, there are several methods to writing up a character, but they all have the same things in common: a character name, a class and a race. The class represents a characters profession, so to speak. Be they fighters, wizards, thieves, clerics, bards or specialty classes such as Ranger, which is a subclass of the fighter. While there are several races to choose from the game is biased. Humans are the center of the universe or at least, they have the ability to reach farther than most other races. Still, each race has their oun advantages. Elves are immune to some spells and can see in the dark. Halflings are harder to hit and can be very quiet. Dwarves are tougher and stronger than most races. Half breeds combine some of the abilities of one race with another, though the abilities are diluted. Usually dice are rolled to figure out Ability Scores. These are the numbers that show how strong, or fast, or smart your character is. They often appear in an abbreviated form such as STR for Strength, or DEX for Dexterity. There are six abilities. Strength. Dexterity. Constitution. Intelligence. Wisdom and Charisma. All these things thus far, combined, shape a characters personality and abilities. It is now up to the player, and the DM, to breathe life into the character through role play. View Character Description Examples Being a Dungeon Master or DM can be very rewarding, but it also comes with a certain amount of responsibility. You, the DM, must not only keep track of the story you tell (the places and events that happen, the Non-Player Characters, or NPC?s, and how they effect the story) but you must also keep track of how your players play. You must keep in balance a story that is exciting, humorous and challenging while making sure your players do not get too powerful or are kept too weak. Also, while this is a game, and only a game, some people become so enraptured by the fantasy world that they take it with them when they leave the table. You must be certain that you do not encourage activities that are game related to be taken outside of the the game. And still, to be a good DM you must study the real world to learn how things should interact in the game world. Magic is a prevalent factor in ADnD, but it in no way reflects how magic works in the real world. And it shouldn?t. As in ADnD, there are people with different world views. Some believe in a god or multiple gods or no god at all, but if you or someone you know worships a deity in the real world, even if it is represented in the ADnD books, you should know that beyond the name, the similarities should end. ADnD IS A FANTASY GAME, NOT REALITY. While it may portray things that happen in the real world, you, as the DM, must be certain that the players understand it is only fantasy. Only a game. With that in mind, it should be noted that there are many different styles of play. 'Hack and Slash' or Role playing are the two main styles. If you find a good combination of both then you will do well, but many still prefer to dungeon crawl and 'hack and slash' then Role Playing or RPing. Practice makes perfect and soon you will know what your players prefer. There are many pre-published adventures available for various levels. As all characters should start at level 1 you will have plenty of time to learn as they grow. I present to you here, two examples of the games I DM. Simply follow the links to HACK AND SLASH or my CORE GROUP. If you would like more information on ADnD, how to play or where to get supplies, visit Wizards of the Coast Here you can also find information about MAGIC: The Gathering which I also happen to enjoy, but that is for another day and another page.
2017 State Advocacy Day - FREE REGISTRATION October 16, 2017 | 9:00 am – 2:00 pm MA State House, Great Hall of Flags MCACS Surgeon Advocates Led by seasoned surgical Fellows with participation from residents and students, grassroots advocacy helps us build and sustain relationships with our federal legislators through local interactions. Periodic meetings in your MA district office enable us to advocate on issues critical to surgery, demonstrating to members of Congress that we are trusted resources on healthcare policy. With your help, we can continue to foster relationships that we have initiated with our legislators. Read below what your colleagues have been doing and consider becoming an MCACS Surgeon Advocate by sending your contact information to the MCACS office. Contact your Legislators: Senate | House of Representatives Taking the Stop the Bleed Campaign on the Road MCACS member, Dr. David King, of the Massachusetts General Hospital, has been teaching limb and junctional bleeding control to lay persons for years. His first efforts, training all the elementary school teachers at a parochial school in Boston, pre-dated the Stop The Bleed campaign. Since the Stop The Bleed campaign began, the public visibility and interest in limb and junctional bleeding control has increased. Dr. King shared his knowledge during the September 20, 2016 MCACS Lobby Day. Now he is taking the lead in exporting this training to other schools, civic groups, police departments, and other first responders. MA State House Advocacy Day – September 20, 2016 The Massachusetts Chapter of the ACS hosted an Advocacy Day in the Great Hall of Flags at the Massachusetts State House on Tuesday, September 20th from 9 am to 2 pm. The event featured a panel on the surgical response to firearm violence. Guest speakers included Peter Koutoujian, Sheriff of Middlesex County; Dr. Eric Goralnick of Brigham and Women’s Hospital; Dr. David King of MGH; Dr. Michael Hirsh of UMass Memorial Medical Center; William Evans, Boston Police Commission; and Robert A. DeLeo, Speaker of the House. Event to honor President Pro Tempore Richard T. Moore and Representative Viriato Manuel deMacedo The Massachusetts Chapter of the American College of Surgeons (ACS) honored President Pro Tempore Richard T. Moore (D- Uxbridge) and Representative Viriato Manuel deMacedo (R-Plymouth) for their advocacy and leadership in helping to secure funding for 1.5 full-time positions for the Massachusetts State Trauma Registry. The event took place on Tuesday, September 30, 2014 in the Ether Dome at Massachusetts General Hospital. The Department of Public Health will use these positions to study trauma care in Massachusetts and research the outcomes of every trauma patient who visits an emergency department in the state. Funding for these positions was a part of the overall all state budget for 2014-2015 which was passed by the legislature and signed by Governor Deval L. Patrick (D) in August. In the photo from left to right: Robert DeLeo, MA Speaker of the House; Peter Masiakos, MD, FACS-MCACS Council Member and its Chair of the Legislative Advocacy Committee; Senator Richard T. Moore (D-Uxbridge) President Pro Tempore; Representative Viriato Manuel deMacedo (R-Plymouth); Terry Buchmiller, MD, FACS-MCACS President; Dr Peter Slavin, President of MGH Massachusetts Chapter Develops New Grassroots Advocacy Program For many years, the American College of Surgeons (ACS) has sponsored an annual spring Leadership & Advocacy Summit in Washington, DC. I have had the good fortune of participating in several of these events, which provide a wonderful chance for Fellows, ACS chapter officers, Governors and Regents, as well as young surgeons to learn about the legislative process and to gather with colleagues who face similar challenges. The program is growing: nearly 450 surgeons attended in 2014, up from 350 in 2013. However, we must do more to encourage greater participation of Fellows in advocacy and to foster collaboration between surgeons and policymakers, especially considering the relative number of representatives (435), senators (100), and Fellows of the College (approximately 79,600). View full article Surgical Advocacy Summit at the State House We are pleased to report on the success of the second annual Surgical Advocacy Summit at the State House on Beacon Hill in Boston on November 19, 2013 that was sponsored by the Massachusetts Chapter of the American College of Surgeons (MCACS). There were over 100 participants including surgeons, medical personnel and legislators and their aides. A panel discussion about "The Surgical Experience and Impressions of the Marathon Bombing on April 15" was moderated by Mr. Steven Baddour and there were presentations by Dr. Frederick Millham of Newton-Wellesley Hospital and Chairman of the State Trauma Committee, Dr. George Velmahos of Mass General Hospital, Dr. Peter Burke of Boston Medical Center, and Dr. Russell Nauta of Mount Auburn Hospital. Mr. Robert DeLeo, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, received the second John Collins Warren Award. Senate President Therese Murray presented citations to representatives of the State’s trauma centers and registrants met personally with their legislators and aides. A “white paper” was presented to the legislators and an article about the event was posted in the Boston Globe on November 19th. Photos of the event can be viewed here 2013 Advocacy Day Agenda View Past Programs Surgical Safety, Access, and Education Day at the State House June 27th 2012 View 2012 Agenda
How many 90-nanometer tapeouts have there been to date, and which IC implementation tool vendors have been primarily responsible? How many 90-nanometer tapeouts have there been to date, and which IC implementation tool vendors have been primarily responsible? The short answer to the first question is "not very many," and to the second question, "all of them." In a 90-nm tapeout discussion in a recent E-Mail Synopsys Users Group mailing, consultant Kahoo Goyal Edson said she believes there have been around 160 of the 90-nm designs to date, of which about half have taped out. Of these 80 or so tapeouts, she speculated, 30 to 40 have been done in a Cadence flow, 30 to 40 in a Synopsys flow and fewer than 10 in a Magma flow. But, she noted, the real story is hard to find. Bryan Lewis, semiconductor analyst at Gartner Dataquest, said he was able to find fewer than fifty 90-nm tapeouts last year and expects about 275 this year. He said Edson's guesstimate of 160 designs to date is "in the ballpark." But which EDA vendors? Gary Smith, chief EDA analyst at Gartner Dataquest, said the most popular 90-nm flow appears to include Cadence Design Systems' First Encounter floor planner and CeltIC signal-integrity tool, with Magma Design Automation doing block-level design and Synopsys' Galaxy platform handling the remainder. Representatives of Synopsys and Cadence agreed that Edson's estimate of 160 designs and 80 tapeouts sounds about right. Synopsys claims that all of these 90-nm designs used Synopsys tools for synthesis, extraction and timing analysis, and half used Synopsys for place and route, with Cadence and Magma dividing the other half. Cadence claims that about forty 90-nm tapeouts have used Cadence's netlist-to-GDSII flow, and at least a few have used Cadence synthesis. Magma claims to have been involved in at least twenty 90-nm tapeouts, and not just for block-level design. The real story is that big EDA customers shop around. Takashi Yoshimori, technology executive at Toshiba, said his company has done more than ten 90-nm tapeouts to date. He noted that Toshiba's 90-nm flow may include the use of Synopsys' Apollo or Astro, Cadence's SoC Encounter or Magma's Blast Fusion, depending on the project. Watch now for Cadence, Synopsys and Magma to each put out press releases stating that Toshiba has "standardized" on its implementation flow for 90-nm designs. Richard Goering is managing editor of Design Automation for EE Times.
TEL AVIV (Feb. 27) The sound of lilting music grows louder as the camera zooms in on a face in shadow. In the corner of the television screen the person’s statistics are flashed: age 25, lawyer, represents Israel abroad. A light is then cast onto the face, revealing a young Ethiopian Israeli woman wearing a business suit. In accentless Hebrew she says with a hint of defiance: “You did not expect to see me, did you? There are many others like me.” The same format is used to highlight other Ethiopian Israelis, including a soccer star, a deputy battalion commander in the army and one who recently earned a doctorate. The ad is part of a campaign launched by the Israeli Ministry of Immigration Absorption and the Jewish Agency for Israel to boost the image of the country’s 100,000 Ethiopians. In the eyes of many Israelis, Ethiopian immigration to Israel has been a failure. Most encounter Ethiopians through the media, where they are depicted as unemployed, poor and plagued by family violence. The younger generation is seen as adrift and drawn increasingly to a life of crime. The campaign aims to show the Israeli public young Ethiopians who have found success such as Maj. Shlomi Vicha, 27, a company commander in the Israeli army. In charge of three combat platoons, Vicha said he feels it is now his time to give back to the country that took him in as a young child who immigrated without his parents — and housed and educated him and his siblings. “I have no doubt that the army is the best place for having an equal chance for success just like everyone else,” Vicha added. “Everyone is equal here and whoever wants to succeed will succeed.” He has spent time speaking to Ethiopian youth. “I do what I can to contribute and explain to them about the army and how they can contribute,” he said. “It’s important that there are success stories so the public at large will see the other side and also so there can be models for the schoolchildren so they know that they too can succeed and go forward.” The statistics, however, are discouraging. Research conducted by the Israel Association for Ethiopian Jews has found that among those who are employed, the majority work in blue-collar jobs and live below the poverty line, Ethiopian students drop out of high school at twice the rate of the general population and juvenile crime is rampant. The aggressive advertising campaign, being promoted on television, radio, the Internet and in newspapers, is aimed at casting a positive light on the community by focusing on its success stories. It also marks the arrival of the first major arrival of Ethiopian Jews to Israel 30 years ago. “We’ve decided we need to make an overture to the public, to include the public in their absorption,” said Jewish Agency spokesman Yarden Vatikay. He said that he hopes the campaign, entitled, “Thirty Years Since the Aliyah from Ethiopia — Success Depends on Us” will boost awareness about the community and draft Israeli volunteers to help integrate Ethiopians more completely into Israeli society. Integration has been the major stumbling block for the community. The majority arrived penniless, unable to speak Hebrew — and complete foreigners not only to Israeli culture but to the modern, Western world. Most had been raised in an agricultural, subsistence economy and were not all prepared for life in Israel. Unlike their highly educated Russian immigrant counterparts, the Ethiopians have struggled to integrate into competitive and aggressive spirit of Israeli culture and many are now dependent on government assistance. A phone number is provided in the ads for a hotline that gives information on how Israelis can either “adopt” an Ethiopian family — sharing meals and holidays with them — tutor students or give an internship to a young Ethiopian. Daniel Yosef, a 35-year-old architect, is among those in his generation of young Ethiopians who have found professional success. His siblings have as well: among them is a musician, a graphic artist and a fashion designer. Yosef said he hopes the campaign accomplishes its goal of showing “the other side, the side of success within the community.” But he added that it what is most important to him is not to boost awareness among today’s Ethiopian youth that success is within reach. “The campaign is one that has to be within our own society so we can raise our own self-image,” he said. “we need to provide a good example to the youth.” Employment remains a problem. Only some 76 percent of the community is employed, compared with almost 90 percent of the general workforce. Meanwhile, thousands of Ethiopian Israelis who have graduated from college often cannot find work in their fields. Many Ethiopians with law degrees, for example, can be found working in communal organizations or even as security guards instead of in law firms. Only some 15 percent of those with law degrees actually work in law firms, according to Jewish Agency statistics. An estimated 60 percent of Ethiopian Israelis who have academic degrees end up taking working class jobs when they cannot find work in their professions, research has found. “The campaign is not the solution to the problem, but part of the process. We want people to ask themselves whether they display racism, and whether they give equal opportunity to people at job interviews, or are they influenced by stereotypes,” said Immigration Absorption Minister Tzipi Livni told the Israeli daily Yediot Achronot. Despite the initial jubilation in the country during the airlifts of Operation Moses in 1984-85 and Operation Solomon in 1991, racism and discrimination persist. In September, an Israeli mayor tried to bar Ethiopian students from attending an elementary school in his town. Avraham Neguise, an Ethiopian rights activist running for Knesset in a new party aimed at Ethiopian voters, said the ad campaign should show not only the success stories, but also the challenges that face the community. “It seems like this is taking a few individuals who really did good work and succeeded which is good. However it looks like it is hiding the real problems,” he said. Vicha, the army major, thinks the situation for Ethiopians will improve when the younger Ethiopians feel less stuck between cultures and embrace what is good in both Israeli society and their heritage. “We need to take from both,” Vicha said.
I always knew I had a bunch of remarkable friends but it was only until we got arrested that I realised the extent to which my cronies dabbled on the borderline of crazy. Mine is a colourful group – ranging from lawyers, chefs, accountants, beauty therapists, musicians and everything else in between. We have laughed together, cried together, been grounded together, and travelled together. The parentals finally realised that this chosen family could not be separated. And they tried to break up the friendships numerous times over the course of the years until they realised they were only creating difficult tasks for themselves and we were content with our friendship. It all started on a lazy Saturday. Taurai suggested we go and have a braai somewhere. Or did it all start when we found the money? I did mention, ours was an incredible bunch! How we found it is a story for another day. As we were driving to one of our favourite spots after purchasing copious amounts of meat and alcohol, I suggested we have the braai at one of the mansions on the way to our spot. “It’s rich folk houses so they are always empty! How many times have we used this route and we have never come across anybody! How many cars have you heard starting in this area? We need to live a little!” That was all it took. Initially, it was supposed to be a joke but the crew was never one to say no to a challenge and that is how we found ourselves breaking and entering. We picked a house at random and the sight that greeted our eyes as we finally made it through the hedges was breathtaking. Yes, we went through the hedge! The house was enormous. It was made of red brick that seemed to be glaring at us and challenging us to try something, anything! It had huge windows which we watched for a few minutes and convinced ourselves, had someone been home, we would have seen some movement by now. “I see this in the movies all the time,” said Frank breaking the silence. He used all his strength to shift a pot plant that was close to the door. “The key will be underneath here!” he declared boldly. Alas he found nothing! The entire group burst out laughing! “It’s ok Frank, we don’t need to get into the house anyway. Let’s go round the back and check out the setting there” muttered Sabelo. We all trooped to the rear of the house. The view was astonishing. Big towering trees, well manicured lawns and a fountain set the scene. And there set in a shady corner of the garden close to the pool was the grill station. It was set up with expensive looking equipment and a fully stocked bar. We had hit the jackpot! The boys wasted no time in setting up the fire while the girls got the meat ready. Whatever drinks we hadn’t bought for ourselves, we found at that bar. After a couple of hours, as the drinks started flowing and talk became reckless, Frank feeling like he had to prove a point decided he could get into that house at all costs. “It’s not necessary,” the group chastised. Others admonished while others cheered him on. “Go for it buddy. These girls think you are a sissy now. Show them who is in charge.” Frank had all the liquid courage he needed and he felt confident. He left the group to go on his mission. As we all suspected defeat, we got back to our transgressions and paid no attention to Frank, determined to enjoy our final moments here. The ear-piercing scream is what reminded us we were on borrowed time. We all turned towards the house and there was Frank. Being dragged by the ear by a man proportionately as humongous as his house. “Run for it guys. I’ll be ok,” screamed Frank. We all made a dash for the cars. As trespassers you have to take some precautionary measures as you never know what to expect which is why we had parked our cars outside the gate, a safe distance away from the house. Since we had not waltzed into the yard through the front gate, the thick hedge surrounding the house was our only way out of this madness. It was quite a site. We ran in all directions but the mission was the same and didn’t need to be communicated twice. Eventually, we made it out, huffing and puffing like old ladies. We drove off to Sihle’s house. Before we had even disembarked the cars, resounding laughter heard ensued. We laughed at ourselves until tears streamed down our faces. And then we faced reality. We had to get Frank back. Eventually through connections of Sabelo, we found out which police station he had been taken to. As it was my idea I was tasked with going in to bail him out. Everyone else waited a safe distance away from the police station. I got there and played my best damsel in distress dating a silly guy routine and after parting with a considerable amount of cash, I finally got Frank out of the police station. As for Frank, he then explained how it had all gone down. The front door hadn’t been locked. He had just walked in and was so busy admiring the house that by the time he realised he had walked into the bedroom and woken up the owner, it was too late. The owner of the house had dragged him to the police station to report the crime and said there had been a whole herd of us trespassing. Frank had denied and insisted he was alone. The owner had then left Frank with the cops to go and assess the damage back at his property. The cops had strongly reprimanded Frank and threatened to call his parents. We are pretty sure the owner of the house wanted to press charges. But by the time he returned to the station, Frank and the officer who had taken the owner’s statement were nowhere to be seen. I had arrived at the police station in the nick of time.
Definition of North Brabant province of the southern Netherlands bordering on Belgium; capital 's Hertogenbosch area 1971 square miles (5105 square kilometers), population 2,468,000 Learn More about north brabant Britannica.com: Encyclopedia article about North Brabant Seen and Heard What made you want to look up North Brabant? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).
Gladys is convinced that there is some majorly duff information doing the rounds in relation to Toby Alderweireld. Gianluca Di Marzio is one of the responsible parties. He’s convinced that the Belgian has told Spurs that he’s letting his contract run down because he wants to leave Spurs. Another ‘expert’, Belgian hack Kristof Terreur is convinced that Toby has a £30million buy-out clause (and here’s the inventive bit) which is only valid/can be activated in 2019. Glad’s understanding is that our boy is in fact quite happy at Spurs and all of this is rather limp conjecture based upon nothing more than his contract hasn’t been extended – because there is no logical urgency to do so right now. Levy does not do buy out clauses and the player is in not disgruntled in any way. Toby Alderweireld is currently contracted to play for Tottenham Hotspur Football Club until 2020.
So Christine O’Donnell, finding the cupboard most bare, formed a PAC and, now her bills taken care of, she can utter profound (in her ditzy mind) quips, and otherwise try to interject herself into adult conversations. Not content to get two of the top ten quotes of the year, she’s after more. She’s in a friendly race with sista Sarah to be both the most obnoxious, won’t go away buffoon and the biggest butcher of the English language to date. If enough isn’t being said about the tax bill being decided Ms. Chatty Christie has weighed in. Of course she’s all for the Bush tax cuts being extended and she hates all the stuff for those in economic free fall. According to the non-witchy one, tragedies come in threes–Pearl Harbor, Elizabeth Edwards death, and now these confounded extensions of unemployment benefits. She then tried to explain what THAT meant, and of course failed. Halloween can’t return fast enough. You and I are much alike. Therefore, I feel confident that you too have spent countless hours? maybe even days, wondering what the hell frankincense is or was. Given the season, well, I went a lookin’ for an answer for us both. I tried Senator Franken, but he demurred, pointing out that there is an “e” after the K in his name, not an “i” as in frankincense. So I figured Slate would have the answer, and they did. Read all about it here, and surprise friends and family with your new-found sparkling intellect. I think a lot like Keith Olbermann I guess. At least two of his items from last night’s show were links on my blog. We, meaning me and he and his researchers must be reading some of the same bloggers online. That’s comforting to me. And of course, you can know that you’re getting the “best” when you come here. *snicker* and “toot”. It appears that Michael, I’m da black man in the Repiglians world, Steele, has decided to give it another go round. Shocking all the Repoopers with the news he was not gonna go “quietly into the night” he threw his hat in the ring to be the paper tiger in the GOP once again. Now this pissed off tons of the GOP regulars, since they thought that two years was enough to prove they aren’t the bigots everybody says they are. They were tired of Mr. Steele’s general stupidity, hoof and mouth disease, and all around big spender attitude. Ain’t it just fun watching the GOP fracture along so many different lines? Let those with brains, think. We, with regularity, point out that fundigelicals are guilty mostly of reading biblical texts in a manner that supports their own needs and general beliefs about the world. They accept as literal those things that seem right to them anyway, and reject/ignore/explain away other quite direct statements when they cut against their needs and beliefs. A provocative post at Biologos explains how early Jewish theologians were pained to clothe Adam and Eve, to protect their ideas of cultural “rightness” in their day. Indeed, we are all subject to that influence. Read, Genesis, Creation and Ancient Interpreters: Adam and Eve’s Nakedness. If you just want to read something sweet and uplifting and well, Christmasy, then read Five String Guitar’s post about he and his wife’s latest Christmas shopping trip. It will warm your heart! Try it! Hold onto your shorts folks. I have a major announcement to make! I do not DO NOT DO NOT have an opinion on the Julian Assange/Wikileaks affair. Nope, I surely don’t. Stand by: I may have one tomorrow. But so far, I don’t. This buffoon, a Lt. Col. in the Army just pled guilty at his court-martial and faces eighteen months in prison, all because he refused to go to Afghanistan because the President is not a citizen and thus cannot legally give such an order. What is worse, he was not ordered to Afghanistan but VOLUNTEERED, just to force this case. It is simply stunningly amazing that anyone can be this stupid, and be a surgeon. Do not, repeat, do not, allow this man near you with a scalpel. No doubt his medical licence is also at risk due to his felony conviction. The Contrarian is installing plastic sheeting over the bay windows in the living room. Plenty of naughty words are emanating from there. I am not going out there to see. The cats have all gone into hiding. Brandy wouldn’t come up the steps again, the rain/slush/snow had her carpet all frozen up and slick. So now there are towels down, until it warms enough to de-ice. This is all no big deal, except when it’s 4 below zero and 2:30 am and you are out there begging and pleading with her to “try.” What’s on the stove today? Tostados! Hurrah. - Christine O’Donnell: unemployment benefits deal a ‘tragedy’…like Pearl Harbor, Elizabeth Edwards (pinkbananaworld.com) - Christine O’Donnell: Pearl Harbor, Unemployment Benefits Extension Both ‘Tragedies’ (huffingtonpost.com)
Putting your kids to bed on time every night can be a real struggle for many parents. Simplifying Your Kids Bedtime Routine is simple when you apply a few of our favorite methods. Not only will this help make things better at bedtime, but will help them to sleep better and wake up easier. Switching up your bedtime routine can bring you and your kids a healthier happier relationship and attitude. SIMPLIFYING YOUR KIDS BEDTIME ROUTINE Get rid of distractions. For at least an hour prior to bedtime, remove distractions like television, toys and video games. Make this a time to get showers, pick out clothes for the next day and snuggle to read a book. Removing distractions will help your child to fall asleep easier. Create a bathroom schedule. For many families, bath time happens in the evenings. If you have several children, you will want to create a schedule of who gets their bath or shower at night, as well as who will each morning. If you skip days with your kids bathing for skin irritation reasons, you can also rotate those days around so there are no longer fights over the bathroom. Take the television out of their room. One of the biggest problems with getting kids settled in for a good night sleep comes with the distraction of a television in their bedroom. Not only will they continually ask for just one more show, they can easily get up and turn it back on after you have told them no more. Install darkening curtains or blinds. For kids who have a hard time with the seasonal changes in daylight hours, install some darkening curtains or blinds that will help make their room darker and ease the transition to sleep. Pick books for bedtime stories ahead of time. Instead of having the hour long choosing of a book at bedtime, have them pick the book out earlier in the day, or simply pick it yourself. Instead of lingering over books and struggling to decide, it is already ready for when you tuck them in. Creating a good bedtime routine with your kids is easy when you start simplifying your kids bedtime routine. Stop over thinking things and start eliminating the distractions. Create a good schedule that allows them to do what is needed with ease. Getting them in bed for a good night sleep will be easier than ever.
- We strive to provide complete care for our patients. Learn more about all the services we provide. You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. |Your Pet's First Wellness Exam| Your veterinarian will perform several services essential to the animal's immediate and long-term well being. A typical evaluation will include blood and fecal tests to check for parasites or diseases that might require immediate treatment. Your pet may also be started on medications to prevent pest and parasite infestations. Core vaccinations will also be administered, and spaying or neutering may be recommended for animals more than a few weeks of age. Make sure to schedule this first appointment as soon as possible. Adopting a pet brings great joy and excitement to individuals and families, but it also introduces new responsibilities and concerns. Your new family member deserves the same health and safety considerations you would want for the people in your life. Before you even bring your new dog or cat home with you, take steps to "pet-proof" your home. Homeowners may need new strategies for dealing with household objects and situations that never posed to a threat to the home's human residents. Medicines or household chemicals, for instance, must be put away behind closed and secured doors to prevent the accidental poisoning of curious pets. Even ordinary food items such as citrus fruits, certain nuts, chocolate, garlic, onions, alcoholic drinks and coffee should be kept away from animals, because these products can cause violent illness or other reactions if ingested. Hide any exposed wires or cables so your new pet won't be tempted to chew on them, or place the cords in PCV pipe, and remove small objects that might pose a hazard if swallowed. Lilies are very toxic to cats, and ingestion of sago palm or oleander can be very serious for dogs. A visit to the veterinarian should be among the first stops for your newly-adopted animal. Veterinarians not only provide important initial care to check for existing health problems and guard against new ones, but they can also give you a wealth of advice from home dental care to proper nutrition, especially if you've never owned an animal before. Don't put this visit off; your pet may be vulnerable to serious ailments until vaccinations and other wellness services can be administered. If you already have other pets in your home, you may find that you need to introduce your newest addition to the family with discretion and sensitivity. Dogs tend to assume dominant or submissive pack relationships, so your canines may require time to figure out the new pecking order. (Ideally, you have already assumed the role of "top dog.") Cats can be particularly sensitive and stressed when their routine is disrupted by another feline presence. Keep your new cat in an isolated room at first, with his own food bowl and litter box, gradually letting him explore more and more of the home while both cats gets used to each other's smells and company. Training is a great next step for a newly-adopted dog -- not just for housebreaking but also for simple commands such as "Sit," "Stay" and "Down." Obedience training helps you enjoy a peaceful, happy, well-socialized pet. American Humane Association, "Pet-Proofing Your Home." 2013. American Veterinary Medical Association, "Importance of Wellness Exams." The Humane Society of the United States, "Introducing Your New Cat to Other Pets." July 3, 2013. NEW ONLINE STORE COMING SOON! Dr. Kostal is great. She has been caring for my two dogs for several years now. She is approachable, and does quality work. Her fees seem better than others in the area, and she doesn't do unnecessary testing, just to run up the bill, like my last two vets did. I give her a thumbs up / 5 stars / 10 out of 10. Take a look at her total review history, she is liked by almost everyone !!!!!!
40-year-old outfielder happy to be back for his third incarnation as an Indian Never before has a man been cheered like this for lifting a suitcase. Dozens of fans pressed their faces against the bars of the fence surrounding the players’ parking lot Friday afternoon at Jacobs Field when Kenny Lofton’s car pulled up to the entrance. They hollered Lofton’s name when he opened the trunk. They applauded when he took out a duffel bag. When he lifted a Texas Rangers bat bag and placed it on the ground, they screamed themselves hoarse. Yes, it’s true. Kenny’s back in town. “I missed being in Cleveland,” Lofton said shortly after beginning his third go-round with the Indians. “I’ve always followed the Indians. I’ve always cheered for the Browns, the Cavs ... I’m a Cleveland fan.” The 40-year-old outfielder played for the Indians from 1992-96 and 1998-2001. He began this season with Texas before coming to the Indians in a trade that sent minor-league catcher Max Ramirez to the Rangers. Fans cheered Lofton while he jogged in the outfield before Friday night’s game against Minnesota. They cheered even more loudly when the scoreboard showed highlights of Lofton’s heyday with the Tribe, including his memorable scaling the center-field wall to rob B.J. Surhoff of a home run in 1996. When Lofton caught Joe Mauer’s fly ball for the final out of the first inning, fans in the left-field bleachers went crazy, and he showed them a little love by tossing the ball into the stands. When Lofton came up to bat in the bottom half of the inning, the resulting ovation lasted 30 seconds. He removed his batting helmet, lifted it into the air and tipped it toward each section of fans. The six-time All-Star led the American League in stolen bases five consecutive years (1992-96) and ranks 12th on baseball’s all-time list with 620 steals. He has a career .299 batting average and .372 on-base percentage. Perhaps the most compelling statistic attached to Lofton, however, is his having appeared in the postseason 10 times in the last 12 years. “Our roster isn’t full of postseason experience,” said Indians General Manager Mark Shapiro, who pursued a Lofton trade for about two weeks. “He’s been there more than a few times,” Cleveland left-hander C.C. Sabathia said. “He can teach us a few things about how to finish off. Maybe if we had had him in ‘05, we would have made the playoffs.” Lofton’s experience, and talent, has made him a well-traveled major-leaguer. “Sometimes you call guys the wrong name,” Lofton admitted. “I feel bad about that but, man, I’ve been with, like, eight teams in two years. Good thing they’ve got names on the back of the jerseys. I’ll tell them to turn around so I know who they are.” The Indians already have a two-time All-Star center fielder and leadoff hitter in Grady Sizemore, so Lofton will shift to left field and bat second. His only previous experience in left field came during an All-Star game. “When the ball’s hit, I’m going to try to get it,” Lofton said. “Of course, it might look a little funny at first.” Indians Manager Eric Wedge said the plan is to have Lofton start against most right-handers and Jason Michaels against most left-handers. Michaels and Lofton, oddly enough, were platoon outfielders at Philadelphia in 2005. Lofton was batting .303 with a .380 on-base percentage at Texas and had stolen 21 bases in 25 attempts. “We have a lot more (speed and athleticism) this year because of the people we have, and, with Kenny, we can continue to push that,” Wedge said. “It’s amazing what he’s still able to do.” One thing Lofton is able to do is joke about his age. “It’s the new Tribe here,” Lofton said. “But, you have to put a little old with the new. That’s my piece to the puzzle, I guess.” Ramirez, 22, came to the Indians in the trade that sent closer Bob Wickman to Atlanta last June. He was batting .303 with 12 home runs for Single-A Kinston and played in the Futures Game in San Francisco earlier this month. The Indians will assume the remaining $2.5 million of Lofton’s $6-million salary. Fans who loved the Indians teams of the 1990s will love the fact that one of the first people Lofton called to tell about the trade was catcher and former teammate Sandy Alomar Jr. “Sandy told me congratulations, and he hopes I finally get my championship,” Lofton said. Reach Canton Repository sports writer Andy Call at (330) 580-8346 or e-mail firstname.lastname@example.org.
The divide within the Republican field for President sharpened on Thursday, as former Texas Gov. Rick Perry again attacked Donald Trump, labeling Trump a demagogue and warning voters not to blindly follow the brash businessman. “I have a message for my fellow Republicans and the independents who will be voting in the primary process,” Perry said in a statement, “what Mr. Trump is offering is not conservatism, it is Trump-ism – a toxic mix of demagoguery and nonsense.” It was not the first salvo fired by Perry at Trump, as the two men have gone back and forth for much of this month over immigration and whether Perry did enough to stop illegal immigration as Governor of the Lone Star State. “Rick Perry failed at the border,” Trump tweeted back on July 5. “He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.” That drew a sharp response last week from Perry; again today, the former Governor took his appeal to voters in the GOP. “Donald Trump continues to demonstrate his fundamental misunderstanding of border security,” Perry said, taking direct aim at Trump. “Mr. Trump has done nothing to prove that he is the president America needs,” Perry added. Never one to be outdone, Trump fired back.
The detours it takes you on are many and varied, and not always within your power to control. The death of my father two weeks ago has provided ample opportunity for me to reflect on this and – not surprisingly – where that journey ultimately ends. His was an inauspicious start in life. Born in Dublin in the 1920s, he grew up in what by today’s standards would be regarded as poverty. He was denied educational opportunities, faced many hardships, and never knew his father. At the age of 17 he got on a boat to England, lied about his age and volunteered to fight in the war, joining the RAF. Like many of the 10,000 or so Irishmen who decided their country’s neutral stance in the fight against Hitler was at odds with their own sense of right and wrong, he struggled to settle in Ireland after the war. And so it was he settled in England and embarked on a long career as a manual worker. At the time I was born, he was working in a car factory, liked a drink and the craic, and was still battling with hardship – from workplace racism in the era of IRA terror attacks, to working unsociable shift patterns that kept him permanently exhausted. My earliest memories are of that holiday. Yet it was a never-to-be-repeated event. Perhaps it’s better that way. After working hard to provide for his family, and (much as it pains me to say it) living in a marriage that didn’t always make him or my late mother happy, he retired as a fit and physically robust man looking forward to a long retirement. Which is what he got – around 20 years of it. After my mother’s death in the late 1990s, he sold the family home and eventually found the love and companionship of a woman who made him truly happy. He had money (although not lots of it), love, and a new large extended step-family network. He took holidays, visited interesting places, rediscovered his faith, did the things that made him happy. Truly happy. My own relationship with him had been strained – practically non-existent in fact – for years. Thankfully, I saw him not long before he died. After years of having nothing to do with him, of effectively denying his presence in my life and that of my sons, I felt it was time I took a detour of my own. So in late December I went to see him during one of his increasingly frequent stays in hospital. In many ways he was not a complicated man. Seeing me turn up at his bedside made him delighted – he was overjoyed and seeing that uncomplicated sense of joy moved me. We didn’t make our peace. We didn’t need to. It was unspoken and that was entirely appropriate. Two weeks later, he was gone. I didn’t get there in time to say my final goodbye. The journey was too long. The time, too short.
Your shopping cart is empty! School delivery will be once a week on a Thursday morning Black Blazer with embroidered school logo. Black blazer with school emboirdered logo. Black v-neck sweatshirt with embroidered school logo. Maroon kilt with adjustable velcro and two buckle fastening. Non Iron white shirts! Made from a cotton/polyester mix this short and long sleeve shirt featur.. This practical blouse retains its style without the need for ironing. Made from a cotton/polyester m.. East Barnet PE Polos with embroidered logo in house colours. East Barnet PE shorts. East Barnet School PE Socks. East Barent School PE Joggers with embroidered school logo. East Barnet School girls PE Sweatshirt with embroidered school logo. East Barnet School boys rugbyshirt navy with sky inside band. East Barnet School PE Bag with embroidered school logo.
Gov. Deval Patrick's proposal June 1 to make community colleges free to all high school graduates by 2017 raised as many questions as eyebrows. Gov. Deval Patrick's proposal June 1 to make community colleges free to all high school graduates by 2017 raised as many questions as eyebrows. But more importantly, it served to shine the spotlight on Massachusetts' 15 two-year institutions and the important roles they serve in their communities and the commonwealth. The idea of making community colleges, such as Massachusetts Bay CC, which has campuses in Wellesley Hills, Framingham and Ashland, free to qualified students is not new. In October, higher education officials proposed waiving two years of community college fees and tuition for Massachusetts high school students taking non-remedial and college preparatory courses. Two states - Delaware and New Jersey - offer community college scholarships. Other community colleges in NY offer full scholarships to students in the top 10 percent of their graduating classes. By actually carrying out the plan over the course of the next decade for a free two-year education, Massachusetts would again be setting a national standard for higher education. But as the ideas evolve, policymakers should keep in mind that only one-third of community college students in the state are recent high school graduates. The average age of students at MassBay is 27, reflecting the state average. Nationally, it is 28. And while community colleges are often seen as the receiving ground for students who don't have the resources to attend a four-year college either academically, financially or both, that is only a small part of the picture. Community colleges also play a major role in this state's economy, and their students may be the difference between growth and inertia. Jobs are being outsourced almost daily, with positions that could be filled by workers who live and spend locally going to other states or foreign countries if only they received the proper education and/or training. The governor's plan estimates that 20,000 unfilled jobs in the commonwealth require a two-year degree. In the MetroWest area, we are considered a potential growth area for the state, with a significant number of young persons as well as recent immigrants who work hard every day to achieve the American dream. An estimated 220,000 students attend Massachusetts' two-year institutions annually, and more than 90 percent of Massachusetts community college alumni are employed in the state, according to masscc.org. Many students are working adults seeking to advance careers with new skills, who are changing professions or re-entering the workforce. More than 25 percent are ethnic minorities. Ten percent are learning English. Many are the first in their family to go to college, whether they are a recent immigrant or not. The state's 15 community colleges turn out a highly skilled workforce in a short amount of time. When there is a shortage of workers in a certain sector like technology or health care, community colleges are able to create innovative, effective programs to quickly train potential new workers. In a state where one in seven jobs are related to the biotechnology field, MassBay in particular offers a nationally recognized biotech and forensic DNA program. Our goal at MassBay is not only to train people for the workforce so they can earn a living wage, but to also educate the whole individual so they can become lifelong learners as well as civically engaged citizens. Currently, the average cost of community college education in Massachusetts is $3,477, way above the national average of $2,272, and putting even an associate's degree out of reach for some. In many ways, the idea of two years of free college education for anyone who qualifies seems like wishful thinking by a politician seeking some positive headlines. Patrick's proposal, which also includes full-day kindergarten in all Massachusetts districts as well as a longer school day and year, did not include cost estimates or details about from where more money for education might come. That may be something on which politicians and voters will never agree. No one, however, can argue that making a college education available to more people is a bad idea. So whether a free community college education for all high school graduates would take the $180 million estimated by state officials and education advocates or the $25 million to $40 million alternative for some students as suggested by Higher Education Chancellor Patricia Plummer, what we all need to keep in mind is that education at every level - and at any age - is priceless. We now need to work together to find ways that we can implement this progressive dream. Indeed, together we can! Dr. Carole M. Berotte Joseph is president of MassBay Community College.
How did you get to where you are today? Was it meticulously planned out or did it just kinda happen? I’m guessing it was probably the second one, unless you’re Barrack Obama then it’s definitely the first option (he was born with presidential airs and graces I say). I have never had a grand plan like you see in the movies. All through my life when people asked me the dreaded “What Do You Want to Be When You Grow Up?” question I would just palm them off and tell them ”I’m only ten, I don’t know what I want to do yet…’. However 10 soon becomes 13, then 16, then 18 and so on… (I’m not very good at counting it turns out…). I still vividly remember when an adult that I looked up to greatly at the time said to me when I was about 19 ”Philip, you really should know what you want to do with your life by now’. This really upset me. I’m a dweller by nature (as all my friends and family will know) and this set the dwell into overload. I’ve always considered myself to be quite mature and super sensible since I was very little, so I felt like I should know what it is I want to do. However it turns out they were a bit of a douchebag and my master plan was actually to be as indecisive as possible until the very last moment (more exciting that way)! For me deciding on what to study at college and ultimately for university felt like a good strong natural opportunity to access where I’m going and to finally force me to decide what I’m doing (oh how you must decide!). Of Course I didn’t, I bottled it and just choose subjects that I was good at and that I enjoyed doing. At college that for me was Physics, Maths and Music. When it came to choosing a degree (I cho cho choose you) I couldn’t decide between the sciency stuff and music. So I fudged it by finding a course that incorporated them both; Electronic Engineering with Music Technology Systems (win win). The only long term-ish plan I ever made was for when I finished uni (it was disastrous). I intended to move home for a bit and find a job in Manchester (so I could be close to my family) working as an engineer in broadcasting, they’d just finished building media city there for the BBC, so it was meant to be right?. Well so began a six month battle to find a job that turned me into the most miserable grouchy git ever. I ended up signing on and then working at a phone store, which I hated (I was bloody good at selling phones though). I had to cast my net a bit further and if I was going to find something I wanted. When I was eventually offered a job I wanted it was in London. In my mind I had no choice but to go for it, I wasn’t waiting another six months! I’m happy to say It all turned out for the best cause I have a great job now and I bloody love London. Its like they say, when life gives you lemons, eat them… Then again they’re actually quite sour and eating a lot of them in one sitting is probably not good for you. I sometimes think If I’d made a big grand plan I could have avoided all the unhappiness that happened after uni, but then I wouldn’t be where I am now and I can hand on heart say I learnt a lot from those bitter experiences. I should mention that I was lucky enough to have the safety net of having my family around me, so I wasn’t just struggling on my own, it could’ve been a lot worse in that respect. On reflection, as much as I’d like it be, life is not like a book. Its kind of a jumbly wumbly big timey wimey mess. When you’re a kid you think you’re destined to do something amazing (and we still can) buts its not just going happen on it own by magic (I thought there was an outside chance I was the second coming of Jesus and I just didn’t know it yet). Whatever life throws at you, you just have to make what sense of it you can at the time and make the best of it as it all happens. Hindsight is a beautiful thing though and everyone thinks ‘what if?’ from time to time. That’s today’s ramblings done for now. Here are my current musical obsessions (thanks to young Johnny Boy): Have a great rest of the week lads and lasses! photo credit 1: http://shocksandshoes.blogspot.co.uk photo credit 2: ypoiw.blogspot.com photo credit 3: http://letsenjoygaming.blogspot.co.uk
I voted for you; recent decisions and blatant inaction has made me, deeply, regret my decision. Okay, granted – there weren’t any acceptable options at the time and your speech writers, definitely, struck a chord but you are proving the adage, “Talk is cheap.” I understand budgets and I know that money is allotted to various departments. I understand that if that money is not utilized, the following year, those budgets get cut. This is not license for fiscal irresponsibility. After years of Harper, social spending should have been one of the priorities – NATIONAL social spending. While I support the Clinton Foundation and its numerous good works; the world can wait while your government puts our own house in order. The decision, by the courts, to award Khadr 10 million Canadian tax dollars is beyond absurd. Is this a pay off for information? Is it a pay off for some sort of silence? While his rights were violated; it was not by the Canadian people, yet it is us that are footing this bill, created by the Canadian Human Rights Commission – in this case, a title best described as an oxymoron. If financial compensation was to be awarded; why was it not compensation, in Khadr’s name to Amnesty International or some other global Human Rights organization? An apology on behalf of the government is fine. There are too many victims of human rights abuse in Canada to have a man, who was involved in a war action, to be handed over my money for behaviour directed against the West and as Canada is in the West – against Canadians. He has been granted the privilege of the chance for a new life; that is compensation enough. How many indigenous communities could have been helped with that 10 million dollars? How many veterans who fought for our beliefs could have benefited from this kind of windfall? Sunny Ways, Mr. Trudeau? No. These are not sunny ways for Canadians. We struggle, daily, to maintain our standards of living and you? You aid in the process of throwing our tax dollars away. Your “sunny ways” are a sham; behind your picture of sun and happy times, the truth will, eventually, rip through. For all Harper’s cold-hearted cuts to social networks, for all his protection of corporate Canada, you and your government are not better, perhaps worse. Your government’s donation to the Clinton Foundation is a glaring example of your disconnect with this country. While the Foundation provides opportunities for education in foreign lands, we have communities in your own country that need those opportunities. While the Clinton Foundation helps to provide support for women in the world; there are women in your own country that need those opportunities. Support for artisans in foreign lands – your own country has artisans that need support to help their own communities thrive. When an indigenous child dies because there is no access to an ambulance, or sickens because of a lack of access to clean water, safe living quarters and over 10 million dollars is shoveled over to a soldier of an enemy? $10.39 for 4 litres of milk in Nunavut? And you give an enemy operative 10 million dollars? How about using Khadr’s name on a Hercules, sent up north with food – create a government store and render the parasites at Northern Stores impotent. Look after your own people first. When a veteran must struggle to make ends meet, when a veteran cannot afford food and proper housing? You have failed. Your sun has set and the dark clouds are moving in. Are you that blind? Are your handlers that successful in insulating you from Canadian reality? You are failing Canada, you are failing your constituents – you are failing Canadians and in a very negative but spectacular fashion. You make me ashamed.
ORLANDO, Fla. - The suicide of 12-year-old Rebecca Sedwick and the arrests of her accused bullies have left many parents wondering how to protect their children in an online world where anonymity emboldens teens to say anything. And now, an Orange County teen hopes sharing her story will help parents and protect other teens. What should have been a care-free summer for 13-year-old Amber Glenn ended with one text, an anonymous Kik message demanding explicit photos. "If not they would spread rumors about how I did inappropriate things with guys," explained Glenn. "It was very offensive, very vulgar, very offensive," said her mom Linda Glenn. And it didn't stop with there. Amanda says her tormentors turned to Instagram to spread those hateful messages. "My ultimate fear was years from now, a college looks for her or even now if a parent needs a babysitter," said Glenn. But mom acted quickly. She called police, turned over screen grabs of all of the messages and called her daughter's school. "I was taken aback when they called and told me the first day of school they were handling it and weren't going to let it get out of hand," said Glenn. "It's exploding," said Earl Green, Area Director for Orange County Public Schools who deals with crime and punishment on campus. He says cyberbullying especially among girls is rampant, vicious and isolating. "N one is going to talk to you it's just, it builds and if its on the internet it must be true," said Green. But thanks to a new law that went into effect in July if bullying happens off campus, but can be proven to affect the child's education the school can take action. "They have to document it all, put a safe plan in place, and by law call both sets of parents," said Green. But it's the proof that's critical. Screen shots made it possible for Glen Ridge Middle to punish Amber's bully. "Call the school let us know, we're trained in it so many times, the parents are throwing their hands in the air they don't know what to do," said Glenn. And that brings us to being a parent overwhelmed by the swarm of social media. Can you stop bullying before it starts? "When my oldest one was five or six there weren't iPods or iPads. Now it's all Instagram, Vine and Kik chat, there's a bunch of things," said Beth Granchi, a mom who must keep track of for her four kids ages seven to 16. Local 6 set Granchi up to meet with tech expert Amy Jantzer who is Senior Vice President at Echo. Jantzer explained three important options for monitoring social media. One if your an Apple user, iOS7 has brand new restrictions. "You can literally block calls, texts, or FaceTime messages from them," said Jantzer. Second have your family "friend" your child. "It takes a village to raise a child so if you can involve extended family. Kids are more likely to friend their cousin than their mom," said Jantzer. And third set up a HootSuite account and use it as a clearing house to monitor your child's social media activity. "Mom could log in and see their Instagram feed, their Facebook feed, their Twitter feed all in one place for a time saver," said Linda Glenn, Beth Granchi and Amy Jantzer all agree the most important thing to remember is communication. Amber told me she's very thankful her mother took her seriously and listened to her. Granchi says she believes all the monitoring in the world can never replace a good conversation with your kids. Copyright 2013 by ClickOrlando.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Again after a long time, I'm back. Who knows if I will keep it on track? Anyhow, I present you 充電装置 (JYUDEN SOUCHI) another great rare Japanese band which I know almost nothing about apart the second flexi 8" EP Voice of Fight and few live tracks on the V.A. Corruption LP from 1988. If you only heard them from the compilation, I think you'll be delighted to hear the good studio production of Deadline, Go Destroy and Smash Up. In fact this flexible 7" is amazing from the beginning to the end. Solid japancore. Obs.: This record was also available on a great bootleg LP " You Can Set The Dove Free..." among The Sexual, So What and Crow. DOWNLOAD: JYUDEN SOUCHI (充電装置) - "Deadline" Flexi 7" EP '86 (Half Alive Records / HAR-003) VA - Kitten (Reflex tape comp 1983) 7 minutes ago
Add your favoriteCompany/Serviceto this section > Address: 32 Mihai Bravu Road, Bucharest Phone: +40771 555 444 Burgers, pasta and pizza at this recently-opened pub. Copyright City Compass 2008 - 2017 City Compass SRL is a carrier of data with personal character, registered in the "Registrul de Evidenta a Prelucrarilor de Date cu Caracter Personal" with the nr. 28155.
A Room For Little Miss Monk || Part Two (Written while nursing... multitasking FTW) Took me a little while to get around to writing this post. I guess having a baby got in the way a bit... I don't claim to be a DIY maven by any means but for some reason this nursery (and my need to be distracted) inspired me to DIY all over the place. Starting with the closet demolition and painting the entire room myself (at 33 weeks pregnant during a heatwave, mind you) this room was a bit of a never ending, very sweaty project. The closet in our guest room was the biggest issue that needed to be addressed. It was adorned with some seriously hideous, oversized mirrored sliding doors. The doors always came off the track and eventually the track broke. The closet, which was used primarily as a dumping ground and hiding spot for the things that we had no idea what to do with, was more or less useless. I had grand plans to reconfigured this space to accommodate a little built in desk nook, this would the closet small enough that we could have regular size double doors versus giant sliding track doors. After talking to our handyman to try to price this 'little' project, it was clear that it was out of my (nonexistent) budget. So I racked my brain to come up with a creative solution. Much to my husbands dismay, I decided to take off the doors and make the space part of the room. The room is tiny and one whole wall is taken up with a window and another by the closet so this would allow me to space out the furniture a bit and hopefully make the room feel a little bigger. I started planning (and pinning). I decided I would paint the inside of the now open closet to create some contrast and dedicate the space to the changing table. I knew I wanted to create a clothing rack out of copper piping that would compliment the rose gold and copper accents in the room (and give me a spot to showcase Willa's seriously cute mini wardrobe, I am a merchandiser after all...). My first idea was to run the pipe all the way across the closet and just hang the clothes on the side that wasn't over the changing table and possibly use the other side to hang planter pots or something decorative. But then I stumbled upon this: DIY Copper Clothing Rack and decided I was up for the challenge. Once the closet nook was done, the decorating began. All of the furniture was from Louie's nursery so I had to work around/with the dark walnut and grey velvet. This was definitely a challenge because I really wanted a bright, light, bohemian feeling room. The walnut wasn't so much an issue but that grey velvet chair and curtains that worked so well for Louie's neutral nursery felt a little heavy. They will be first on my list to replace when some decorating funds become available! A few other key items were gifted and/or hand me downs. The Serena & Lily Flokati rug was actually from one of my clients who has it in their kiddo's room at one point but was no longer using. After giving it a luxurious Oxi Clean bubble bath and hanging it out to dry, it was good as new. The West Elm Mongolian Lamb pillows were my moms and had been light grey when purchased and, as I lovingly pointed out, has turned a minty green from the sun. This minty green just happened to match my room perfectly, how convenient! She replaced them with the white version and handed the 'damaged goods' over to me. My bestie, Elle (According To Elle) gifted me the Moroccan pouf because she understands me like no other. So I like to think of this room as a collaborative effort. I bought prints for the wall from Urban Outifitters (one of my favorite secret spots to find decor!) along with the copper bulldog clips (cheaper than framing!). The copper shelf is from CB2 and the botanical California print by Platinum Junglewas purchased at my client Maker & Moss in Hayes Valley. I also made the copper pipe and wood dowel blanket ladder (more DIY!) because I saw it in about 100 photos of rooms that I love. So easy! So cheap! In the end, the nursery went from the bright bohemian vision I started with to a bit modern-southwestern and a touch girlier than I really wanted but hey, it's all good. And knowing me, it will all change in a year anyway! If you walked into this nursery right now, you probably wouldn't recognize it. Add sound machine, baby monitor, 2 breast pumps, large black fan in the corner, swaddles blankets wadded up in the crib, diaper bin, and nursing pads on the floor. Real life is sooooo much less glamorous.
Whilst I think it’s important to bring the best of tradition into education, I also think we should try to bring the best of innovation in too. In fact, I think that combining traditional subject knowledge-led instruction with innovative digital online technology has great potential – as long as we are selective, and not seduced by transient vogues. Here’s how we combine tradition and innovation at Michaela: The danger of innovation, as Daisy Christodoulou points out, is that ‘nothing dates so fast as the cutting edge’. Algebra and the alphabet have existed usefully for hundreds of years, and will continue to be useful for hundreds of years to come; iPads and interactive whiteboards have been around… View original post 169 more words
It’s one of the big no-no’s to tie a podcast to one season as they can be listened to at any time of the year. So, this isn’t actually a Christmas podcast:it’s about the spirit of forgiveness which, in my mind, should be practised year round. And maybe a bit about Christmas. Because I love Christmas. And it’s my podcast. Ho ho ho… Thanks for visiting Baba’s Beach today. If you have any comments, we’d love to hear them. Please visit us at www.babasbeach.ca and send comments to email@example.com Music from the Podsafe Music Network this week (haha): Artist links will be here soon – buoy guy promises
Full Length of Donnie Darko in High Definition FormatNow you can enjoy Donnie Darko in high definition format with duration 113 Min and was released on 2001-10-26 with MPAA rating is 843. - Original Title : Donnie Darko - Movie title in your country : Donnie Darko - Year of movie : 2001 - Genres of movie : Fantasy, Drama, Mystery, - Status of movie : Released - Release date of movie : 2001-10-26 - Companies of movie : Pandora Cinema, Flower Films, Adam Fields Productions, - Countries of movie : United States of America, - Language of movie : English, - Durationof movie : 113 Min - Average vote of movie : 7.4 - Youtube ID of movie : vijy4Oiawa8 - Translation of movie : EN,DE,IT,FR,TR,FI,RU,ES,PT,HU,SK,SV,CN,HE,UK,NL,CS,ZH,PL,SR,DA,EL, - Cast of movie :Jake Gyllenhaal (Donnie Darko), Patrick Swayze (Jim Cunningham), Drew Barrymore (Karen Pomeroy), Maggie Gyllenhaal (Elizabeth Darko), Holmes Osborne (Eddie Darko), Daveigh Chase (Samantha Darko), Mary McDonnell (Mrs. Rose Darko), James Duval (Frank), Arthur Taxier (Dr. Fisher), Mark Hoffman (Police Officer), Patience Cleveland (Roberty Sparrow / Grandma Death), David St. James (Bob Garland), Jazzie Mahannah (Joanie James), Jolene Purdy (Cherita Chen), Beth Grant (Kitty Farmer), Jena Malone (Gretchen Ross), David Moreland (Principal Cole), Noah Wyle (Prof. Kenneth Monnitoff), Kristina Malota (Susie Bates), Marina Malota (Emily Bates), Katharine Ross (Dr. Lilian Thurman), Scotty Leavenworth (David), Phyllis Lyons (Anne Fisher), Gary Lundy (Sean Smith), Alex Greenwald (Seth Devlin), Stuart Stone (Ronald Fisher), Seth Rogen (Ricky Danforth) Movie summary of Donnie Darko : Download full Donnie Darko in High Quality Video with movie plot "A troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a large bunny rabbit that manipulates him to commit a series of crimes, after narrowly escaping a bizarre accident." in best quality. Full Donnie Darko in HD Video by viewing the download link. Enjoy movie with title Donnie Darko full and free movie streaming in best video format. Play full with title Donnie Darko free an fun at here. Currently, you can easily see that hundreds 1000s of people trying to find free Donnie Darko movie watching it on their sweat household with net connection. Always be happy, you may reach tens of thousands of happy members exactly who became sick and tired with waiting for dvds inside mail, and you can now watch free of charge Donnie Darko. You can obtain new on-line movie, and get it totally free in our site. It is fast, effortless, free and on top of that to look at. Play now Donnie Darko online movie devoid of downloading. You can watch online movie streaming with HD high quality in 113 Min length. Check out trailer movie as well as full video of Donnie Darko go through the button below to watch these movie. ... Play Full Donnie Darko in Top Video Format 720p ... Director : Richard Kelly, Screenplay : Richard Kelly, Producer : Adam Fields, Producer : Sean McKittrick, Producer : Nancy Juvonen, Original Music Composer : Michael Andrews, Director of Photography : Steven Poster, Editor : Sam Bauer, Editor : Eric Strand, Casting : Joseph Middleton, Casting : Michelle Morris, Music Editor : Jennifer Barak, Sound Designer : Michael Payne, Production Design : Alec Hammond, Executive Producer : Drew Barrymore Of course, now you can view movie involving Donnie Darko completely length and obtain the connect to this flick Donnie Darko in best video format. Tags: parents kids relationship, visions, airplane, time travel, school presentation, school performance, suburbia, morality,
Research Waste/EQUATOR Conference - September 2015 Dr Steve Milan, Project Development Manager, gave a poster presentation on the Lancaster Health Hub's engagement in the production of Cochrane systematic reviews at the Research Waste/Equator Conference in Edinburgh 28-30 September 2015. The Lancaster Health Hub is a strategic health partnership based in the North West of England comprising 10 organisations: 2 Universities, 3 Acute NHS Trusts, 2 Specialist NHS Trusts, 2 NHS Clinical Commissioning Groups and a consumer network. The poster highlighted the strategic plan devised to grow research capability and review methods through the Hub research network, where potential review authors were identified across the network and the Hub-based editors worked with managing and coordinating editors of Cochrane Groups to identify priority review topics suitable for author teams. This facet of the Hub’s work has, to date, introduced 32 new authors to the Cochrane Collaboration (10 from the university and 22 from our partner organisations).
Join Ben Long for an in-depth discussion in this video Analyzing lines, part of Photography Foundations: Composition. Lines are great compositional elements, and there are lots of ways that you can…use them to drive focus and attention and balance your frame.…You had to be very careful though, because a very subtle difference in…positioning of a line from one place to another can make a huge impact on your photo.…You want to be careful about how lines intersect, how they blend together, and…even a slight camera motion can change that.…Let's look at some examples.…Our first example here is a composition that's not really built around any…idea of line, but rather about shapes, the shapes of these three refrigerators.… What struck me about this scene is that when I walked into the room they looked…like big giant beings of some kind, big robots or something, that the…refrigerators were secretly gathering here for some sinister meeting or…something like that.…So I wanted to get a sense of them as these big things kind of hanging out.…They have some personality to them.…So I decided to go to a wide-angle lens, a very short focal length, and get… The course addresses how the camera differs from the eye and introduces composition fundamentals, such as balance and point of view. Ben also examines the importance of geometry, light, and color in composition, and looks at how composition can be improved with a variety of post-production techniques. Interspersed throughout the course are workshop sessions that capture the creative energy of a group of photography students; shooting assignments and exercises; and analyses of the work of photographers Paul Taggart and Connie Imboden. - Looking versus seeing - Understanding when and why to use black and white - Analyzing lines - Arranging the elements into lines and shapes - Working with perspective and symmetry - Changing focal length, camera position, and depth - Dividing rectangular frames into thirds - Weighting the corners in square pictures - Composing photographs of people - Composing landscape photos - Working with light: direction, texture, and negative space - How to shoot color - Guiding the viewer's eye - Controlling depth - Improving composition in post-production Skill Level Intermediate Photography Foundations: Black and Whitewith Ben Long3h 4m Intermediate 1. Understanding Composition What is composition?2m 1s 3. Composition Fundamentals 4. Geometry: Lines and Shapes 5. Shooting Best Practices 6. Balance Revisited 8. Workshop: Finding Light 10. Guiding the Viewer 11. Workshop: Foreground and Background 13. Post Production 14. Workshop Exhibition and Wrap-Up - Mark as unwatched - Mark all as unwatched Are you sure you want to mark all the videos in this course as unwatched? This will not affect your course history, your reports, or your certificates of completion for this course.Cancel Take notes with your new membership! Type in the entry box, then click Enter to save your note. 1:30Press on any video thumbnail to jump immediately to the timecode shown. Notes are saved with you account but can also be exported as plain text, MS Word, PDF, Google Doc, or Evernote.
I really like this... What program did you make this in? Or is this recorded? I used FL Studios 10, VSL (for the brass) , Symphobia (strings and piano bass + SFX) , Requiem (Choir), LASS (for solo Violin) no, just no No. Just... No.... I poured my heart and soul into this track! T^T I dont like it sounds like it was made in 2 minutes... i made it with a wag of my finger oh god the squeaks... sorry mate, but the squeaks all throughout this song really damage my ears... >.> its was good until I heard the singing then i just... gave up listening nobody was singing u have to listen to it I really like it! very catchy. 7/10 stars Pretty good, i liked it! Though it was a bit slow and not my complete style it was a good rythm and basic melody. 7/10 stars mate :) Thank you! Welcome to newgrounds! Its like i cant stop listening inspires me to hop around and so something awesome!! :D love it you are a true inspiration This is a good beat but i have definately heard all of this before. Next time give credit to a co-owner or if you do a remix say what the owners name is. newgrounds.com — Your #1 online entertainment & artist community! All your base are belong to us.
About American Nonprofits Send by email Enter multiple addresses separated by commas and/or different lines. Page to be sent And Now for Something Different on the Charitable Tax Deduction . . . editor notes issue #83 Send only the teaser This question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Is Coming to Work Required to Keep My Job? Nine Nonprofit Trends that Need to Die How Much to Pay the Executive Director? From Black Panther to Nonprofit CFO Nonprofit Auctions: A Complete Compliance Guide and Sample Forms Finance & Strategy Ask Rita in HR Point of Vu (humor) First Person Nonprofit Blue Avocado Investigates Nonprofit Life & Style About Blue Avocado Editor's Notes Selected Donate to American Nonprofits, sponsor of Blue Avocado
Last Saturday, Kelly and I spent the ENTIRE day shootin’ and drinkin’ out in Fuquay Varina, NC thanks to a great LivingSocial Adventures deal. As usual, I hadn’t really read the details of the adventure … we showed up at 2pm thinking it’d be a 2-3 hour event, and were extremely surprised when we were handed a card saying we wouldn’t be done until 8pm! I guess it serves us right for not paying attention. We met at the Aviator Brewing Company and boarded a bus and were taken to Drake Landing for the shootin’ portion of the event (don’t worry, we didn’t have ANY beer before shootin’). Once there, we were split into groups, shown how to load the gun and sent on our merry way without any more instruction. Prior to this, my shootin’ experience involved two shots with a bb gun and an aluminum can, which I definitely did not hit. So I didn’t have high expectations for being a good skeet shooter.
Thursday, February 21, 2013 Thursday, February 14, 2013 Tuesday, February 12, 2013 Monday, February 11, 2013 "The ability to create is the only sustainable advantage a business can have" Most of us were raised to believe in the benefits of competition. If we worked a little harder or did something a little bit better than the next guy, it would lead to some sort of victory or success. I now believe we would be better served if we changed our focus from competition to creativity. The end result would be that we become happier and more successful. Less stress and more reward. "Competition attempts to be like only a little better" In competition we analyze our opponents and copy what we think works. Then we try to do a little more or do it a little better. That sounds logical but there is a major flaw in that strategy and flaw is that it breeds sameness. "The great achievers are focused on creativity" Creativity leads to newness. A new way of doing things and not just a slightly better way. A totally new new product or service. To create something is so much more satisfying. It is exciting for you and your customers. "Competition is an outdated model that leads to modest gains" Friday, February 8, 2013 Pssst....if you like this hit the f button below and share it with your facebook friends. It will make us both happy! Tuesday, February 5, 2013 When we see images of cute little puppies, kittens or babies it triggers a reaction in us that we can't control. It causes us to be happier more protective creative and simply smarter. It is natures way to create the feelings necessary to continue our species. Young and defenseless images of cute innocent babies is just too hard to resist. In one study it was even found that if you had a really cute baby image in your wallet you were twice as likely to have a lost wallet returned with all your cash and credit cards untouched. So these images even create honesty in those who see them. Hey maybe these types of images could reduce shop lifting? Looking at these types of images causes people be calmer and happier. So imagine if you were in some waiting room and surrounded by these cute images. You would be much less likely to be upset about the wait. Cute and funny flood our systems with those feel good chemicals and hormones. A happy customer is much more like to buy. Viewing these type of images also cause us to be more relaxed and open to suggestions. Can you imagine a boardroom with cute kittens puppies and kids? That would take some courage to do but hey....whatever works. Now ask yourself where could I use these images in my business and in my life? Remember it will make your family happier too. Dig out those cute pictures of your kids and brighten up the attitude around your home. Now don't you feel better? Just remember....cute sells!
A good video is just part of an overall marketing strategy. It needs to be part of a plan to engage, convert and retain an audience. Video has become an incredibly popular way to engage an audience. There are good reasons for this. 96% of consumers say videos help them with their buying decisions. 77% of consumers believe that companies that create videos are more engaged with them and 73% are more likely to purchase a product or service after watching a video that explains it. Here are 10 ways to ensure your video strategy works for you. 1. Know your purpose Too often I see organisations talking about making a video without clearly understanding why they are doing that. Being clear on what you are trying to achieve drives the entire production process. 2. Don’t sell, be helpful People will watch and share your videos when you help them. Share you knowledge and experience and it will be passed around. You will position your expertise and be seen as a helpful contributor. This will build trust and community. Think “how can I provide valuable content?” 3. One message per video The days of 10 minute or even 5 minute videos are gone. If you find yourself trying to fit too much information into a video, you will lose your audience. Focus on one message per video. The way in which we communicate has changed. People want easy to consume bite size pieces of information. Keep your videos simple and short. 4. Let go of the idea of making just one video. Consider how to create more engagement by creating more videos. Develop a storyline of content that can be rolled out over time in a series of videos. This will help build your audience and reinforce the value you bring to the marketplace. 5. Know your audience Too often I see clients go off on tangents with their videos and forget about the audience. Be clear right from the outset who should be watching this and what do I need to share with them. The more focused you are on your audience the more cut through your video will have. 6. It’s not about you Too often I see my clients wanting to showcase what they do and how they do it. It’s very common and it’s often where I help my clients refocus on the real issues the viewer is interested in. We are all too close to our businesses and it helps to have an outsider show us the big picture issues that the viewers are more interested in. Talking about yourself is not going to build engagement. Showing how your services or products help the viewer will. 7. Have a call to action Just like every video should have a purpose, there should be a call to action at the end of the video. The video should direct people to the next step. It may not be to make a purchase but it might to be try a sample, make a phone call, visit a website, watch another video. Be clear before you start, what is the next step I want the viewer to take. If they’ve watched to the end of the video the chances are you have them on side and they will be responsive to your request. 8. How will it be seen? Having a video that no one sees is unfortunately a waste of time and money. Before making your video have a think about how you can get it seen. It’s important to have a plan that extends beyond having the video on your website. Videos are a powerful way to engage an audience and can bring people to your website if distributed well. Check out this post on 30 ways to distribute your video. 9. Repurposing opportunities Video is rich media. It can be reused in many ways. Tweet key points, transcribe the content to create blogs (use blog as scripts for videos), extract the audio for those who prefer to listen than watch. Create stories around the video in articles that reference it. 10. Measure and repeat What gets measured gets managed. There are a variety of ways to measure video engagement – number of views, number of clicks. Ultimately though your best form of measurement is based on the call to action. How much action was taken because of the video and how has that helped your organisation? Then when you see what is working, review and redo. If you’d like help to develop a video strategy that engages your audience and gets result please get in touch with me, Geoff Anderson at Sonic Sight. + 61 2 9888 1110 email@example.com Geoff Anderson is the owner of Sonic Sight, a video production facility in Sydney. He is an author, presenter and a video producer. Connect with him, book him, take his course, buy his book, follow him.
This is my new information gathering m.o. - Wake up in the morning and grab my cellphone. - Click the Google Plus button and scroll through what’s in there. - Start opening links from friend’s posts into the browser tabs, and floating back to G+. - Go to Facebook, and do the same thing. - Once I’ve gone through all the posts on Facebook, I click to browser and read the articles. - Occasionally reshare, like or +1 the article in its home site. - Shower (phone playing music from my files) - Down to the laptop at the kitchen table, eat breakfast and read any articles I missed from the phone. - THEN I check the following sites: BoingBoing, The Atlantic, io9, Gizmodo, Lifehacker, NY Times. - Share articles from respective sites to my FB and G+ feeds. This kind of information behavior is becoming the new norm, and that’s what social networking sites are banking on. I’m absolutely certain that Google, the most predominant search engine out there, is upgrading their algorithms to incorporate things like the resharing of articles and +1, to boost the signal on content that is becoming socially relevant to people. That’s more than likely how Sparks is supposed to work, but who looks at Sparks anyway? With all of the awesome things coming through your stream, there’s no need to go out looking for more. Sharing information between friends has always part of the experience of gathering information. Social networks and availability of online content have expanded that tremendously, but each does it differently due to their policies on how you can add people. Facebook requires you to mutually accept a friend request. This is a barrier designed to focus on the relationship between the people involved. You are acknowledging that you and this other person are friends, and that acknowledgment allows you to see their content. Google+ on the other hand has the option to follow people, and not have them follow you back, thus allowing you to see content from people you wouldn’t normally have acknowledged as a friend, and thus extending your relationships beyond personal acquaintance. Part of the reason I go to Google+ first now is because a) I have a vast majority of people who are not necessarily close to me (increasing the complexity of what I’m reading) and b) there is a greater space to contextualize the information being received. So not only am I seeing a wide array of content that I would not be exposed to via my Facebook friends, but I’m also getting a clearer picture of why they’re sharing that content with me and what they believe it means. Twitter has never really felt relevant to me, because I get far too little information from the people posting to encourage me to want to click a shortened URL. They can’t explain why they’re providing the link, or what their pros and cons are with a piece. Facebook at least allows you a little breathing room when sharing a link. But even there you have a limited character space. Google+ affords you the opportunity to practically write a thesis in rebuttal or praise of an article. People who read your post can truly get to the heart of why you’re sharing this content with them. Add to that the fact that resharing a post from the original author incorporates not only his/her massive context, but also allows the resharer to post his/her response to the article. That gives you two extended opinions from two different people as well as the original link to the article online, which vastly increases the trust one has with the content that they’re reading. Google+ only has about 30,000 people on the network, as opposed to Facebook which has half a billion. And yet blog sites are reporting that G+ is driving a tremendous amount of traffic to their pages, I know that I’ve seen this and loads of other bloggers have to. It’s because it’s built on the very real culture of discussing literature and sharing it with your friends. And when your definition of friend is ever-widening, you see content going viral more often. Then again, maybe G+ users are just extremely avid readers, like these folks…
As Believers who are seeking to advance His Kingdom we have the right and privilege to do business with God. Why does He need us to do business with Him? 1. God has given mankind dominion over the earth. Therefore, we have the authority to release Him to work when we pray. God has never violated the free will that He gave humankind. And He has given dominion over the earth to men and women. Psalm 8:4-8 says: "What is man that You are mindful of him, and the son of man that You visit him? For You have made him a little lower than the angels, and You have crowned him with glory and honor. You have made him to have dominion over the works of Your hands; You have put all things under his feet, all sheep and oxen—even the beasts of the field, the birds of the air, and the fish of the sea that pass through the paths of the seas." God does not violate authority. He sits above it, and He judges men when they abuse the authority given to them; and His hierarchy of authority is not the same as we often think it is. (For instance, prayers carry higher authority than leaders' decisions, and so God can turn the hearts of leaders in response to prayer.) However, He does not violate the authority He has given us. To do so would be a violation of our free will. Understanding how Kingdom authority works is absolutely essential if you want to walk in the supernatural. 2. Why authority and dominion matter in our prayer closets: It matters because God has given dominion over the earth to men. Therefore, if we want Him to move on the earth, we must ask. History is full of stories of God moving when there was prayer. If we want God to move, we must pray. PRAYER OPENS DOORS AND PROVIDES A WAY WHERE THERE SEEMS TO BE NO WAY Father is so serious about our prayer assignment that He actually gave us the Helper to help us pray! The Holy Spirit of grace and supplication has several specific jobs, but one of them is to move through us in prayer. Romans 8:26-27 says: "Likewise the Spirit also helps in our weaknesses. For we do not know what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit Himself makes intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. Now He who searches the hearts knows what the mind of the Spirit is, because He makes intercession for the Saints according to the will of God." Even Jesus came as a baby in response to prayer and intercession. God had told us that it was His will to send the Messiah, and dedicated lovers of God prayed for the Deliverer to come for many years. We have dominion over the earth. If we desire to see God move on the earth, we must pray. 3. God has always desired to converse and even reason with mankind. God desires the best for us now. Even if some things are stored up for the future, they can be pulled into the present by the prayer of faith. PULL ON GOD THROUGH FAITH-FILLED PRAYERS Then remember Moses, who interceded before God for the lives of the children of Israel. It was God's plan to wipe them out and raise up a new nation from the offspring of Moses. But Moses reasoned with God, and He changed His mind. God's reasoning is the kind of reasoning that God encourages us to logically present His Word back to Him in prayer. Psalm 138:1-3, "I will praise You with my whole heart; before the gods I will sing praises to You. I will worship toward Your holy temple, and praise Your name for Your loving-kindness and Your truth; for You have magnified Your Word above all Your name. In the day when I cried out, You answered me, and made me bold with strength in my soul." When we reason with God His way, we search out the deep things of His Word to discover His will for our lives individually and for the whole earth. Then, we go boldly before God's throne of grace as the kings over the earth that we are. From that position, we are to present our requests to Him with prayer, supplication, and thanksgiving—based on His own Word. When we pray God's own Word back to Him, we have assurance that we will receive whatever we request. 1 John 5:14-15 tells us this: "Now this is the confidence that we have in Him, that if we ask anything according to His will, He hears us. And if we know that He hears us, whatever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we have asked of Him." So doing business with God means presenting His own will back to Him. It's always His will to establish and expand His Kingdom of righteousness, peace, joy, and power on the earth and in your life personally. It's always His will for you to ask—YES, FOR YOURSELF—for Jesus said: "Until now you have asked nothing in My name. Ask, and you will receive, that your joy may be full" (John 16:24). QUESTIONS TO ASK MYSELF: How will I respond? Will I set yourself apart to seek Him morning, noon, and night? Will I go boldly before His throne of grace, praying specific prayers and expecting specific answers? Will I accept the challenge to do business with God on purpose? ALBERT FINCH MINISTRY
You go a wondering, wandering Stumbling, tumbling, round! round! When will you find What's on the tip of your mind? Why are you blind To all you ever were Never were, really are, nearly are? Little boy false in search of little boy true Will you ever be done traveling Always unraveling you, you? Running away could lead you further astray And as for fishing in streams for pieces of dreams Those pieces will never fit What is the sense of it? Little boy blue, don't let your little sheep roam It's time ,come blow your horn, meet the morn Look and see, can you be far from home? Lyrics submitted by SongMeanings "Pieces of Dreams [From Pieces of Dreams]" as written by Marilyn Bergman Alan Bergman Lyrics © Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC, BMG RIGHTS MANAGEMENT US, LLC Lyrics powered by LyricFind
Aging Related Differences in Hand Intrinsic and Extrinsic Muscles for Hand Dexterity: An MRI Investigation Shim, Jae Kun MetadataShow full item record Hand dexterity is crucial for humans to interactions with the external environment. Many activities of daily living (ADLs) such as pressing, grasping, writing and typing would be unattainable without a skillfully and proficiently functioning hand. Sexagenarians and older often experience difficulties in hand dexterity, which seriously impair their ability to perform ADLs. This study described the aging-related changes in hand muscle size and dexterity; and addressed the conflicting literature regarding the extent of atrophy to either the intrinsic or extrinsic hand muscles in the elderly. The overall hypotheses for this study were 1) that elderly adults show an aging-related decrease in hand muscle size and strength, especially a greater decrease in the intrinsic hand muscles, 2) elderly adults show an aging-related decrease in hand dexterity and 3) hand muscle size and strength are positively related to hand dexterity. This study examined hand muscle sizes with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and examined hand strength and other functional measures. This study found aging-related decreases in muscle size, muscle strength, hand dexterity. Furthermore, intrinsic muscles showed a greater aging-related decrease in volume and strength as compared to the extrinsic muscles. When examining relationships, muscle strength was positively correlated to multi-finger synergy and finger dependence. Also, muscle size was positively related to performance on clinical hand dexterity tests. This supports the strength-dexterity equivalence hypothesis.
In the summer, early worship service is held at 9:00 am in the Fellowship Hall. Music is lead by the early service worship team. Lord's Supper is served on the first Sunday by intinction. Adults Youth Children 2575 Garth RoadCharlottesville VA 22901 (434) 295-1367Fax 295 1780 Presbytery of the James Synod of the Mid-Atlantic Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) Olivet Cemetery website. Olivet Preschool website.
By Alex Irish / June 12th, 2017 The upcoming Knack 2 has gotten a release date amid E3 2017, and will launch on PS4 September 5th for a budget $39.99 price. Once again, it’s being developed by Sony Studio Japan under the guidance of PS4 architect Mark Cerny. Knack 2 focuses on refining the original’s co-op platforming, brawling, and light puzzle solving. The original Knack was a launch game for the PS4 back in November 2013, while its follow-up was first revealed at the PlayStation Experience 2016 last December. e3 2017Knack 2PlayStation 4Studio Japan
Carrion Crown 5th Edition (PC) Orel Iror Dotsk (Patchy) Pirate of the Inner Sea doing good by the Professor Fate smiled on you and Professor Lorrimor one day in the not so distant past. Through a matter of pure chance, you were in a position to save the late scholar’s life and did so. His gratitude was effusive, and he promised that he would never forget you. You are unsure of the nature of the summons in his will, but believe he may have listed you as a possible heir in thanks for saving him from an untimely demise.
Kody creates very nice free hat patterns and charts. She mentioned the Xmas Tree Hat. I was thinking of Diana Wynne Jones' books and the hat shop in Howl's castle... I'd like to get the same response to her books as Joanne Rowling's Harry Potter has received... Sure, there're no knitting mommies in Chrestomanci's world, but when has that stopped anyone? When I think of knitted and crocheted hats for the hat shop, it's more this sort of things I'm referring to... hat and bag from 1960 Soft Brim casual hat from 1947 Draped beret from 1947 Yellow picture hat and bag from 1953 Lacy cloche - 1953 "Antique" hat patterns hats and bags from 40's and 50's Ladies' hat from 50's 1940's luncheon date hat 3-piece angora set Not all of them are as fancy as I'd like, but in all the woman wearing the hat has a nice hairdo, makeup and clothes. Just a little care and consideration before one goes out the door, like Trinny and Susannah say ;-)
Welcome to my virtual general reference desk for librarians. It is intended to be a source for librarians to use when answering questions. The links are organized by type of source and are listed alphabetically within each section. If you need to return to this main page at any time, you can do so by clicking on the introduction link at the top or by the home link at the bottom of each page. Created by Whitney Winn, a MLIS student at UCLA, as a final project for IS245: Information Access. Last updated December 7, 2006.
Custom framed Team USA Soccer jersey signed by Tim Howard! We even cut stars into the matting for our customer! Come see why we are Denver’s most trusted sports framer! Jim Craig Team USA hockey jersey custom framed for a local athlete! Come see why we’re the obvious choice for jersey framing in Denver! Team USA jersey signed by Michael Jordan custom framed to last a lifetime! Bring your sports memorabilia to the sports framing experts in Colorado! Game-worn Team USA jersey framed for former Avalanche player and current Hurricanes player, John Michael-Liles!
MEIKO, 1349 Heil Quaker Blvd., La Vergne, TN 37086 Toll Free (800) 55-MEIKO, FAX (615) 399-6620, E-Mail: email@example.com There were congratulations all round at the Intergastra exhibition in Stuttgart, with warewashing equipment manufacturer MEIKO taking home the prestigious Grüne Band sustainability award from German publisher Huss-Medien Group in the ‘Water’ category. The company was also honoured as a ‘Super Partner’ to specialised retailers by the German trade association for restaurant and commercial kitchen equipment GGKA. The German trade association for restaurant and commercial kitchen equipment GGKA recently completed the process of evaluating and grading its suppliers for the fifteenth time. The Board members of the GGKA association, which is headquartered in Cologne, invited 19 prizewinners onto the podium to accept their awards. GGKA members rated the candidates in a total of nine categories on the basis of seven criteria – and it was MEIKO that came out on top among the manufacturers of dishwashing equipment. On a scale of 1.0 (best) to 4.0 (worst), the company received an overall score of 2.27 based on the assessment of criteria including quality, susceptibility to faults, sales support and revenue realisation. The comparable average for the category was significantly lower, at just 2.68. This award is seen as particularly prestigious because votes are cast directly by specialised retailers in the industry. Michael Mayer, head of sales for Meiko warewashing equipment in Germany, Austria and Switzerland thanked GGKA for the award: “We’re tremendously proud to have been ranked as a ‘Super Partner’, and particularly pleased that we took a premier position in the ‘Large Equipment’ category. We’re grateful to have received such a prestigious award. It will motivate us to solidify our position as a market leader.” ‘GRÜNE BAND 2016’ sustainability award: MEIKO takes top spot in Water category For the third time, the Intergastra exhibition in Stuttgart played host to the presentation of the prestigious sustainability award from the Huss-Medien Group in the six categories of water, energy, climate, ecology, fair trade/social responsibility and corporate concept. The winners were chosen by an expert jury and the readers of the trade journals ‘Gastronomie & Hotellerie’ and ‘GV-kompakt’. Sustainability has made major inroads into the hospitality and food service sectors, with concepts such as energy efficiency, environmental stewardship and fair trade becoming firmly established in the market. To remain successful in a competitive market, restaurant and catering managers are now faced with the challenge of creating strategies and solutions which meet both business-focused and eco-friendly criteria. That requires partners from the supplier industry that share the same philosophy and the same determination to offer products that promote sustainable production and consumption patterns. Now MEIKO has yet another reason to celebrate. Having already received the sustainability award in 2012, MEIKO has done it again in 2016 in the Water category with its M-iQ GreenEye technology. Achieving reductions of up to 50 percent in fresh water and rinse agent, GreenEye is an innovation which optimises capacity utilisation to maximise savings. Using a smart system of indicator lights, it facilitates teamwork between the machine and its operators and ensures an efficient cleaning process. Having already accepted the Super Partner award the evening before, Michael Mayer was delighted to receive yet another prestigious prize: “Many thanks to all the readers of the ‘GV-Kompakt’ and ‘Hotellerie & Gastronomie’ trade magazines. It’s a privilege to be awarded this sustainability prize in the Water category. Water is truly MEIKO’s element, because achieving reliably hygienic warewashing results would be impossible without it. It is one of the most precious elements on our planet, and something which deserves to be protected. We hope that our ideas go some way toward helping conservation efforts – this award will inspire us to keep working on even better solutions.” MEIKO is a value-driven company which has firmly anchored the concept of sustainability in its corporate culture. It follows the maxim that companies should think in terms of generations, not quarters. That belief is reflected both in its product development strategy and its production processes.
Blackzone Controllers is here to offer you awesome and incredible gaming experiences through its custom modded controllers. When it comes to high technology gaming, Blackzone Controllers is the most trusted name in the industry. Latest Technology only at Blackzone Whether you are looking for XBOX ONE or PS4, we provide unmatched and unexplored next generation technologies. Customers love to come to us only because we offer latest and advanced features such as AUTO-AIM, RAPID FIRE, SNIPER BURST, QUICK SCOPE, DROP SHOT and AKIMBO. With such features of modded controllers, you can both use them individually or in combination in order to get real game experiences. A Destination for XBOX ONE & PS4 Being a #1 leader in modded controller technology, we have a team of experienced, professional and skilled engineers, customer service representatives and game architects. Blackzone Controllers never let its customers go unsatisfied. We have solutions of every query you have because we are here to serve you with more gaming options like Glacier White XBOX ONE modded z-750, Black XBOX ONE modded z-750, Gloss Blue XBOX ONE modded z-750 and Orange Gloss XBOX ONE modded z-750. If you love PS4, you can explore a wide range of varieties such as Glacier White PS4 Rapid Fire modded z-750, Wave Blue PS4 Rapid Fire modded z-750, Urban CAMO PS4 Rapid Fire modded z-750 and others. Our controllers are fully compatible with the latest first person shooter FPS games such as Destiny, Battlefield, Halo, COD, Call of Duty, Ghosts, Modern Warfare, Advanced Warfare, Call of Duty 3, and Call of Duty III. The weapons you use select for your specific loadout are intensely personal. You can choose from fast-moving SMG assault to long-range Sniper support. With our Rapid Fire technology you can instantly convert any single shot including handguns for akimbo, marksman rifles such as the MR-28 or MK14, MK-14, and semi-automatic sniper weapons. Above all, Blackzone Controllers is a leading company in XBOX and PS4 wireless controller technology. Have a glance at our huge inventory in order to explore custom modded controllers and have the best gaming experiences!
Is the Chinese government taking down non-state-owned video sites? That seems to be the prevailing view of what caused the Chinese YouTube-like site 56.com to cease operating on June 3rd, according to WSJ. The site, which has received $30 million — a $20 million second round was closed last December — from early backers Sequoia Capital and *Disney* Steamboat Ventures, among others. Visitors to the site are greeted with a message in Mandarin indicating that 56.com is dealing with a simple server problem. It could be the worst server problem in online video site history or… something darker could be at work. Last December, the Chinese government began handing down new rules designed to curtail non-state owned sites, which tended to ignore officials’ censorship demands. In what was seen as possible reprieve, Beijing said that some private video sites could receive licenses, but 56.com was never issued one. Neither has rival Chinese site Tudou, which just raised an additional $57 million two months ago. More recently, another Chinese video site Youku said it secured a $25 million third round. The shuttering of 56.com has caused a great deal of uncertainty about the future of the nation’s quickly growing online video business. The peril that private video sites have been in since December didn’t sneak up on investors, who as the recent fundings show, have expressed confidence that Chinese regulators would not take an iron fist approach to the new businesses — overall, BDA China Ltd., a Beijing tech consultant estimates the top eight online-video sites have taken in at least $250 million funding as of last month. But with officials increasingly nervous about embarrassments as the August 8th opening of the Summer Olympic games in Beijing approaches, the government perhaps senses an opportunity to finally do away with what it regards as nuisances.
Announcer Scotty The Body Conley appropriately equipped to entertain you on the mic all weekend. Tuesday, February 17, 2015 by Rob Meronek Friday, February 13, 2015 Jagger put together three solid ones to win the Qualifiers, Semi-Finals AND Finals here at Houston's stop of The Boardr Am. He joins Jon Cos as the second spot of just 12 at The Boardr Am Series Finals at X Games in Austin. Congrats, Jagger! The next stop is in Florida!Check It
Before we discuss the two available EPA 608 Technician Certification Online Exam courses, it's first important to know which exam you need to take. Which Type of EPA 608 Certification Do I Need? - TYPE I: For servicing, maintaining or repairing small appliances that contain less than 5 pounds of refrigerants. - TYPE II: For servicing, maintaining, repairing or disposing of high pressure appliances, except small appliances and motor vehicle air conditioning systems (MVACS). - TYPE III: For servicing, maintaining, repairing or disposing of low pressure appliances, such as chillers. - UNIVERSAL: For servicing, maintaining, repairing or disposing of ALL types of equipment. To achieve the Universal Certification, Technicians must pass the CORE, I, II, & III exam sections. Which EPA 608 Certification program should I register for? When signing up for an EPA 608 Technician Certification exam online you have two options: - Includes online preparatory course and materials for all exam sections. - Includes all proctoring fees (CORE, Type I, II, III or Universal) when taken online - students must have a webcam and microphone. - It is also possible to take the type II and III exams in-person; however, there will be a small additional proctoring fee required. 2. EPA 608 Technician Certification Exam Online Anytime - $150 - Includes the online proctoring fees only - no prep course - CORE, Type I, II, III or Universal - Students must have a webcam an microphone to take the exam online. - The exam must be scheduled 72 hours in advance, however it can be scheduled for any day, any time, 24/7. - Free practice exams are available for review prior to sitting for the exams. With both options, participants can select which test sections they'd like to take - for example, if you only need Type I certification, you would only need to take the CORE and Type I tests. For EPA Universal Certification, you must past all sections: CORE, Type I, Type II, and Type III. Remember, EPA 608 Technician Certification Is the LAW! Companies with un-certified employees are are subject to heavy fines (max $27,500) as well as the employee who does not have this specific certification. Regardless of Local, State or Industry licenses the EPA 608 Technician Certification is still required if you work on refrigerant containing equipment. If you have any questions please don't hesitate to call 646-564-3546 or contact us at any time.
The 103rd Annual National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Convention that was hosted in Houston this past week (July 7-12, 2012) brought back some wonderful memories of my family’s strong involvement (particularly my dad) with the NAACP during the 1950’s through the mid 1980’s. The purpose of this organization and assistance from its Legal Defense Fund were the driving forces behind my dad and others being the leaders of a class action law suit against the discriminatory practices of the labor seniority system at Houston Armco Steel Corporation — John TAYLOR et al., Plaintiffs, Alfred James et Al., Intervenors v. ARMCO STEEL CORPORATION et al., Defendants (1973). Dad was a member of the NAACP Houston Branch Finance Committee along with Monica Kelley, Walter Brown, Sam Polk, and Sam Davis (see photo below). He was a long time active member of the Houston Northeast Branch (see photo below). While cleaning up the book shelf last week, I came across his pocket-size Constitution and By-Laws handbook . . . FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE New York, NY 10019 (As amended at the 51st Annual NAACP Convention in St. Paul, Minnesota, June 1960) An annual fundraiser and black-tie gala hosted by the Houston NAACP since 1967 has been its Freedom Fund Dinner (which I understand originated with our first African American Supreme Court Justice, Thurgood Marshall). Below is a quick snapshot of my dad’s Freedom Fund Dinner souvenir book from the 13th annual event on 22 February 1980! Annual Houston NAACP Freedom Fund Dinner Theme: Now Is The Time To Count Our Friends Friday February 22, 1980 7:30 p.m. Houston Marriot Hotel 1750 West Loop This Book Is Dedicated To Mr. George T. Nelson and Mrs. Christia V. Adair Fresh Fruit Cocktail Tossed Green Salad Baked Potato with Sour Cream Green Beans Amandine Rolls and Butter Master of Ceremonies: Weldon H. Berry, Esq. Junior Life Member: Elks Antler Guards Lift Every Voice & Sing Accompanist, Rosemary McGowan Billie J. Smith Honorable Jim McConn Mayor of Houston Introduction of Speaker Dr. Rawls Andrews Dr. Benjamin L. Hooks Executive Director, NAACP Presentation of Awards Honorable Gabriel McDonald Honorable U.S. District Judge John Peavy, Jr. Helen L. Johnson Introduction of Special Guests Lift Every Voice And Sing National Negro Hymn James Weldon Johnson R. Rosamond Johnson Lift every voice and sing, till earth and Heaven ring, Ring with the harmonies of liberty; Let our rejoicing rise, high as the listening skies, Let it resound loud as the rolling sea. Sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us, Sing a song full of the hope that the present has brought us; Facing the rising sun of our new day begun, Let us march on till victory is won. Stony the road we trod, bitter the chastening rod, Felt in the days when hope unborn had died; Yet with a steady beat, have not our weary feet, Come to the place for which our fathers sighed? We have come over a way that with tears has been watered, We have come, treading our path through the blood of the slaughtered; Out from the gloomy past, till now we stand at last Where the white gleam of our bright star is cast. God of our weary years, God of our silent tears, Thou Who hast brought us thus far on the way; Thou Who hast by Thy might, led us into the light, Keep us forever in the path, we pray. Lest our feet stray from the places, our God, where we met Thee. Lest our hearts, drunk with the wine of the world, we forget Thee. Shadowed beneath Thy hand, may we forever stand, True to our God, true to our native land. Copyright © 2011-2017 Claiming Kin
Friday, January 29, 2010 Isn't this fence/gate adorable? I found it in Independence, Oregon ... where my sister lives in an old historical house which I adore. I can't wait for my next visit to Beth's town -- to go for another long walk and discover more treasures like this. Love ya, sissie!
Origin/Gimmick: The character’s powers all come from devices of some kind. One of the character’s mental abilities (your choice) is increased by +2. Control: Wizardy [Cosmic Power (Awareness)]~You can simply will effects into being using a cosmic or primal power. Choose a suitable weakness for your Cosmic Power, such as an inability to affect a certain subject (material, color, etc.). ~~Superspeed, Precognition~
Alert level: Moderate Windows Defenderdetects and removes this threat. This tool that uses a vulnerability in Android devices to "root" or hack the device. It is usually done by someone using the device who wants to get around limitations set by the device's manufacturer or carrier (for example, a phone carrier may limit updates on the device). We recommend you don't use hacktools as they can be associated with malware or unwanted software. ID članka: 4026443 - posljednja izmjena: 28. srp 2017. - verzija: 1
Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic Weight Management .. Just like a quality diet and exercise routine can do wonders for our health as humans, it is very beneficial to our furry family members too. It can be hard to find a or program that is easy to follow. Hill’s Science Diet has a new formula of dog and cat food available called Hill’s Prescription Diet Metabolic Advanced Weight Solution Pet Food that will help your pet lose weight and live a more quality life. I feel that Metabolic Diet worked better than typical low calorie or low fat poducts. My cat lost significant weight in a relatively short amount of time. She became more energetic which, I think, added to the weight reduction. Her coat also became very shiney. The science that went into choosing the ingredients for this product really seems to be working. The reasons that I did not give 5 stars are these: 1) it is a little pricey, 2) I don't think my cat really loves the taste because she was reluctant when switching and she usually eats anything (therefore the weight issue), 3) the nuggets for the dry food are too large; she is a cat that swallows pieces whole and vomits food that has large pieces, and lastly, 4) I personally dislike the smell. I've served other canned foods that smell much nicer. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic Feline provides all the nutrition your cat needs during weight loss and maintenance. Please consult your veterinarian for further information on how our Prescription Diet and Science Diet foods can help your cat to continue to enjoy a happy and active lifemaintain happiness and a healthy weight for life.
Hello Pattern Revolution readers! It is Crystal here, from Stitched by Crystal, and today I am sharing my latest sewing project with you...Ellen’s Esplanade bag by ChrisW Designs! It has been a while since I sewed a bag for myself (or anything for myself really) so I was excited try out a new to me designer and sew up a great everyday bag! The description of the Ellen’s Esplanade pattern says it is “the perfect day project” or bag you can “whip up and give as a gift”. And I have to admit I had my suspicions about a bag pattern you can “whip up” as bag patterns can take hours, even days to sew. But it is true! I whipped this bag up in 3.5 hours from print to clipping on my strap in the last step, and that included some seam ripping and re-cutting a couple pieces (measure twice cut once, right?...I will remember that next time!) So this really is a pretty quick sew as far as bags go! The finished bag is a great size for everyday use as a mom with three kids. It measures about 15” wide, 11.5” tall and 5.5” wide. It has a zippered interior pocket and 2 big exterior side pockets that are big enough to fit my water bottle! The bag is lined and has a beautiful clean finish, the hole to turn the bag gets hidden in the interior pocket seam. The pattern only has 3 pages of pattern pieces to print and give measurements for all the other rectangular shaped pieces. There is a fourth page to print that has little labels to cut out for all your rectangular pieces, they really help you keep things organized while you are cutting and sewing! There are fabric requirements included and it states you may need to but more for pattern matching. Make sure you get plenty of fabric, this bag has a seam in the front and the back, I didn’t have quite enough fabric to match the flower on the front of my bag like I would have liked. But that seam could make for some really fun stripe patterns or chevrons if you wanted to get creative with your fabrics! You do need some bag hardware for this project, but it is all pretty easy to find. I found all the hardware I needed at my local fabric store with the exception of the grommets so I ended up skipping those. I would say this is an intermediate sewing pattern, mostly because of the zippers. It is a pretty easy sew as far as bags go. I think it would make a great pattern for someone who may have never sewn a bag before and wants to give it a shot! The instructions are clear and easy to follow with clear pictures for each step. And the designer give some great tips along the way! Make sure you head over to ChrisW Designs to find the Ellen’s Esplanade pattern! She has tons of great patterns, I am eyeing the Brandt’s Boulevard and the Dawn to Dusk. Plus she’s got some great FREE tutorials and tips for making bags, check them out!
Former paratrooper Jaidee jumps into three stroke lead in Durban FORMER paratrooper Thongchai Jaidee jumped into a three-stroke lead over Ernie Els and Louis Oosthuizen when the Volvo Champions began at a wet and windy Durban Country Club today. However, it was not the Thai golfer's superb seven-under-par 65 that Els found himself mostly talking about afterwards, but one particular shot from Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts. The Open champion could not believe his eyes when Europe's biggest hitter launched a drive of 419 yards at the downwind third hole. "I've been coming here since 1986 I think and I've never seen a ball there, nobody has," Els said. "They should put a plaque down. I was coming from a different zip code. And I've got to compete against these animals!" Els had the last laugh, though. He matched his playing partner's birdie and out-scored him by five to keep his victory hopes firmly alive. Jaidee, part of the 33-strong winners-only field thanks to his victory at the Wales Open last June, was out on his own from the time he birdied six of the first 10 holes. The 43-year-old led by five at one point, but that was cut to three late in the day despite the two South African stars having to contend with heavy rain. "We probably got the bad side of the draw, but that's part of golf," said Oosthuizen, who faced similar conditions during his runaway seven-shot win in the 2010 Open at St Andrews. He and Els still had the advantage of local knowledge, however. Jaidee is on his first-ever trip to South Africa. "I enjoy the course," he said. "You have to think a lot - I hit the driver on only two holes - and put a three-iron in my bag only 15 minutes before we teed off." Seven players share fourth place in the race for a first prize of almost £283,000. Scottish trio Paul Lawrie, Richie Ramsay and Scott Jamieson all shot 69, as did Welshman Jamie Donaldson, England's Danny Willett, Dane Thomas Bjorn and Indian Jeev Milkha Singh. Lawrie got the better of playing partner Colin Montgomerie by three after an unusual start to their round. There was a 10-minute hold-up on the opening green because the flagstick was stuck in the hole and damage was caused in yanking it out. "I've never seen that before," said Lawrie, who then came close to winning a £32,000 excavator when his six-iron tee shot to the 170-yard 15th hit the flag, but stayed out. Jamieson knows only too well what the weather can be like in the city. It was only last month that he won at nearby Royal Durban in an event reduced to 36 holes because of rain. Padraig Harrington began his 2013 with a 70, but Paul Casey - winner in Bahrain two years ago, but unable to defend last year after dislocating his shoulder snowboarding - could do no better than 74 like Jose Maria Olazabal and Darren Clarke was one worse than that like defending champion Branden Grace. Clarke's fellow Northern Irishman Michael Hoey would have shared second spot with three closing pars, but instead double-bogeyed the 16th and 18th for a 72. Hoey reckoned he had drunk too much water. "I felt bloated and lost so much concentration," he said. The former British amateur champion will need his focus back for the second round. Amateurs from the final of the Volvo World Challenge join the action for one day only.
I have been living in my car for three months. The first two weeks, my luggage was kept neatly in bags. Besides opening a trunk instead of a closet, a string of awkward sleeping positions, and the consequences of eating highway food, I feel that I have successfully adapted to road life. I accept the fact that my clothes will always feel wrinkled and wet, my digestive system is perpetually “off” and no simple conversation derives from the confession, “I am living in my car.” Advice for lonesome lady road travelers: 1) Try to blend in. I woke up and brushed my teeth on a dirt road on the fringes of the French Quarter using the leftover cup of Jack, Coke and melted ice to rinse (yes, like Ke$ha). With no time to shower, I was wearing the same clothes and back on the road. Even after convincing myself that this was a totally average Thursday morning, I learned an important lesson: try to blend in, even at the gas station. Without preparation, you may find yourself approached by a local who suspects that you are not just an innocent traveler. You may think that spraying perfume helps, but in this case, you are probably exacerbating the primary issue, being, party shoes in the morning, at a gas station off I-10 = the wrong kind of attention. 2) Remember, sanity and health are relative. Driving long hours can be therapeutic and when lost in thought, it is easy to forget that essentially, you have been contained in a 6 x 5 moving box. You have spent hours, days, and weeks consuming ungodly amounts of sugar, fat, and caffeine. The music you think that has been in a steadily changing and random is actually on repeat. You have engaged a philosophical debate with the GPS girl. The voices in your head are no longer ponderous road thoughts, they are actually the sound of you losing your shit. 3) Don’t tell people you live in a car. This may seem obvious, but I made the mistake of letting it be known that my address is actually my license plate. The first and most common reaction is pity: “Oh no, are you okay?” People have started to believe that I am unintentionally homeless . When I start talking, the Christians are disappointed to find out that I don’t really need to be saved. Then there are the questions, “What are you doing? Don’t you need to work? Why did you leave?” All questions with a series of generic answers that smell spoiled, like the leftovers in my backseat. None invoke any pride. I have also been asked if I need a roommate. All awkward conversations that are best avoided by not making this seemingly simple confession.
Recuperate record photos and films. Recover My Files Pro.1.2 Keygen is an able instrument that can recover records paying little notice to the reason they were regardless lost: sorted out circle, inadvertent cancellation, contamination illnesses, structure crashes, characterized volumes, et cetera. Windows, website, windows Password Unlocker Activator Pro serial (Crack Patch).Recover My Files download instructions, click the download button to begin rubber ninja full game the download.LinkedIn: since August 2015 GetData has: Removed 25,000 infringing websites from the internet; Removed 376,819 web pages from Google ; Instigated a number of legal proceedings.Photos, rescuePRO Deluxe 5 is a software application that helps users recover images, documents, audio and video files, or other type of files that.Recover My Files Pro.1.2 Crack license you to recover all data even it has been deleted, sorted out, allotted, and whatnot.We thank those ISP's who respect their obligations block automatic updates internet manager under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and quickly and efficiently remove pirate software.There is nobody sub standard contrasted with losing fundamental data.Composed hex supervisor lets you physically re-relate record pieces the item may have missed.RapidShare has long argued that it can't be held responsible for what its users upload to the site.Full Version of Recover My Files and can run it in evaluation mode.Copy and restore circle.The Düsseldorf Regional Court ruled against RapidShare last week in a case brought on by the German version of the riaa, gema.Standard or Professional) determines what features will be available once the program is activated.Recovery from a hard plate, floppy circle usb. Its too quick and uses to wind up unmistakably open. You can also check. We will do our best to have infringing websites, Facebook, twitter and other accounts cancelled under the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and will prosecute those who continue to infringe on our rights.Data hardship is a standout amongst the most exceedingly awful things that can strike a PC proprietor.Zip, Android phone nearby other media information.Now Open registered Recover My Files Cracked Free.Once you have purchased you do not have to download and search a second time.Give a tree file.Surf Laundry Detergent Only.97 At Walmart."This decision marks a milestone windows 7 ultimate dark edition in the fight against illegal usage of our repertoire said gema CEO. Download Recover My Files Crack Here. Recover My Files Pro.2.1 is a little application that can recover lost data.
Last Saturday, one of our readers got a $350 Manhattan boutique hotel for $70 INCLUDING tax (check out the screen grab on the left - this is a hotel that costs $350 on booking.com). How did he do it? Short answer, the Hotel Tonight app. Long answer, well, long answers are our speciality: From a business standpoint, selling a hotel room is more like selling fresh squeezed juice than selling a house or condo. LIke freshly squeezed juice, hotel rooms are perishable. if you haven't sold your fresh orange juice( or hotel room) by nightfall, it becomes worthless. And like food that's about to go off, you can often get a last minute hotel room at a huge discount. The very best way purchase a last minute boutique hotel is with the Hotel Tonight app. Starting at noon every day, the app shows you hotels in any city that will offer you huge discounts on that night only. The prices are already low, but like everything else, Tango in Tahiti has tips to save even more money: Tip 1. Use a promo code to get $25 off your first booking. We suggest using our code: srobertson23 Tip 2. Douple Dip on Promo codes to get $50 off your second night. If you "invite" your husband or wife to use Hotel Tonight and then book under their name, they get $25 off, and you get another $25 credit for inviting them! Tip 3. Rather than booking two or more nights (which is allowed but usually more expensive) leave your bags in the hotel lobby while you're out during the day, giving you the option of booking whatever hotel is cheapest for that night. Tip 4. Hotel Tonight works best in NYC. In cities with a plethora of hotel rooms (think Atlanta or Orlando) Priceline.com seems to turn up the best deals. But in NYC, Hotel Tonight is king (if you don't believe us, take another look at the screen grab above to see The Craiginator's $70 score last Saturday night. Priceline vs. Hotel Tonight - Could Hotel Tonight be better than Priceline.com for hotels? It's certainly cooler. Priceline is full of big box business hotels like the HIlton and Sheraton, while Hotel Tonight puts you in modern boutique hotels. It's also nice to actually know where you're staying before you pay for your room. But Priceline.com still has one huge advantage, when you use Priceline you can book in advance. Waiting until late afternoon and booking with Hotel Tonight gives you huge savings, but it takes nerves of steel (and it's a pain stashing your bags while you wait).
When it comes to winemaking, Julianne Brogden has found value in collaboration. Issue 3928 20th August 2015 “Winemaking is addictive,” says Julianne (“Julz”) Brogden. “It involves physical, dirty, hard labour and long, crazy hours.” But friendships made around the world, “the many laughs, great food, the loud, eclectic music – and of course the fine wine”, have made it all worthwhile. Raised in Hawke’s Bay, Brogden is a Bachelor of Wine Science who worked for seven years in the famous Napa Valley wine region, near San Francisco. Back in the Bay, she works at the long-established Pask winery, but since 2010 has also been crafting consistently classy wines under her own label, Collaboration. Brogden doesn’t own a vineyard or a winery. “For every wine, I think about what attributes I want to see in the final wine, then source sites accordingly.” Family and close friends help with the vineyard work. “I run the bottling line at my main job, so I manage to get my mum, older sister and friends to put the bottles on the line and pack at the other end when I’m bottling my own wine.” Other key supporters include her partner, winemaker Richard Painter, who works at the Te Awa winery, and vineyard supervisor Sam – a labrador. A feature of Collaboration wines is their lovely labels. After living in a trailer in a Napa Valley canyon, paying US$50 a month, Brogden moved in with a well-known artist, Angela Tirrell – and her world of “entertaining dinner parties, interesting people and, of course, beautiful artwork”. Conversation turned to the creation of a new range of wines, produced by Brogden and adorned with Tirrell’s abstract paintings. The current releases include the stylish Ceresia Merlot/Cabernet Franc 2013 and the hand-picked, barrel-fermented Collaboration Aurulent Hawke’s Bay Chardonnay 2013 (5/5 stars, $30), a very youthful, elegant wine. Mouthfilling, with a fragrant, citrusy bouquet, gently seasoned with oak, it is crisp and vibrant, with slightly smoky and buttery notes, firm acid spine, and excellent complexity, structure and depth.
Fruit is a simple, lightweight Feedly client application. The application is designed to focus on readability and simplicity in use. If you are new to Feedly, 1. Create an account on Feedly at https://feedly.com 2. Subscribe news, blogs, anything you want on Feedly 3. Login to Fruit with your Feedly account and enjoy your Fruit! - Click article to mark as read and open the article on Chrome Custom Tab - Long-Click article to mark as saved / unsaved - Long-Click Unread tab to mark all loaded articles to read 4 Tabs on bottom navigation: 1. "Unread": A list of unread articles 2. "Saved": A list of saved articles 3. "Subscriptions": A list of subscriptions 4. "Profile": Your profile info as well as usage guide, feature request, etc. More features and improvements in the future; if you really want new features, modification, etc please fill out "Request NEW feature" form as I will check every single request and consider what should be implemented in high priority. Thank you for using Fruit! :) Links and contact information: - Fruit App Usage: http://shaunkawano.com/2016/10/13/fruit-app-usage - Fruit Feature Request: https://goo.gl/forms/Aqhy8PHk5XRbQsGx2 - Email to developer: email@example.com
BRAND STRATEGIST SOCIAL INFLUENCER GLOBAL CONNECTOR Hello, I'm Chauncéa! I am a Digital Brand Strategist and Coach who helps creatives and companies grow their brands using Public Relations, Marketing, Social Media and Consulting Services. Independent of my brand development services, I am also a accomplished Social Influencer as I promote fashion, beauty, business, lifestyle and travel brands on my personal social media platforms. I also speak regularly at conferences, universities and various events all around the globe on digital business strategies, "How to turn your Hobby Into Your Full Time Job", Style Tips, Travel Strategies and so much more!
Me again. Sorry. Actually, I'm really not. I need ideas and if someone wants to coauthor on it that would be awesome. I was thinking a deaf girl and a normal boy become best friends. I'm trying to do as much as possible while I'm out of school. I would say just finish the other one first *shrugs* Don't start both and not finish either. X'D *shrugs* just suggesting they start only one project cause I got the feeling they're the type that wouldn't finish it I have basically nothing finished either x'D
Known for his singing and songwriting, he first gained fame upon uploading cover songs to his YouTube channel as a hobby. He is a multi-instrumentalist who is experienced at guitar, drums, ukulele, and electric lead. He released his first EP, entitled 3 AM, on July 8, 2014. He was first inspired to launch a music career at a Bluegrass festival in 2008. In 2011, he was voted Knoxville, Tennessee's Best Young Voice in the junior voice competition. He is from Knoxville and used to play music locally there before hitting YouTube. His mother is named Becky and he has a younger sister named Sierra. From 2015 to 2016, he was in a relationship with Bea Miller.
All prices are in GBP Forthcoming titles that are available to pre-order. Sign up to receive the latest news on new releases, events and offers. Derek Yaniger's wild and wacky take on Mid-Century Modern graphic art has become a colourful staple on the contemporary low-brow scene and beyond. Emanuele Taglietti is an Italian comic book cover artist known for his outrageously eye-catching artwork. During his acclaimed career he painted more than 500 covers. .
How To Choose A Wheelchair Nowadays, wheelchairs can be cheap to purchase and are widely available, so choosing a wheelchair can be confusing. Some people will have been prescribed a specific sort of wheelchair by an Occupational Therapist whilst others might want a wheelchair for when an elderly relative comes to stay. Somebody using the wheelchair independently will require a self propelling (large wheels) model they push themselves. A self propelled, or transit wheelchair (smaller wheels) will be appropriate if the wheelchair will be pushed by an attendant. A folding wheelchair is a good choice for occasional use as they can easily be dismantled, folded and transported by car. The rear wheels will usually come off, and the back might fold down to save space. These wheelchairs are ideal for those going out for the day in the car, or perhaps for someone who can't walk as far as they once could, but maybe don't need to be in a wheelchair all the time. A dedicated motor can be purchased to turn the manual wheelchair into an attendant controlled powerchair making hills much less of a problem. If you are looking at a wheelchair for occasional use, the lighter it is, the easier it will be to dismantle and put in a car boot. As a very rough guide, folding wheelchairs weigh around 33-44lbs / 15-20Kg, which doesn't sound too heavy, but remember that somebody will be pushing wheelchair, and perhaps getting it in and out of the car. Folding wheelchairs are available in various sizes, but often do not offer the specialised features that a prescribed wheelchair can offer. For others, the wheelchair will be used more often, perhaps all day, at work, or indoors, for example. For this sort of wheelchair user, the comfort and manoeuvrability is likely to be much more important than how much the wheelchair costs. These wheelchairs are less likely to be folding models, as the performance and weight of the wheelchair is more important than whether it folds. These rigid, self propelled wheelchairs combine a lighter frame and wheels. They might have a more specialised back, seat cushion, foot rests and arm rests. Wheelchair users who lead an active lifestyle, which might include playing sports such as tennis and basketball as well as driving and day to day living, will require a different sort of wheel chair again. These users are likely to move away from a cumbersome folding wheelchair, to one that is very lightweight, smaller and stronger than a traditional wheelchair. A sport wheelchair might even be constructed from titanium which is stronger and lighter than aluminium. It probably won't have traditional style foot rests, as these will be incorporated into the frame. It might not have arm rests or handles, as it won't need to be pushed. It is also likely to have customisable front and rear wheels so that the user has the most appropriate wheels and tyres for their needs. The wheels on some rigid wheelchairs can be pushed inwards so that they lean towards the user to provide more responsiveness. The highly adjustable and customisable nature of these wheelchairs means that the user might only needs one wheelchair for all activities - day to day living and sports. These lightweight chairs are easy to put in a car, and the wheelchair user can put their wheelchair in the car from the driver's seat. This means that they don't have to rely on others, and can maintain their independence. These very lightweight wheelchairs are utilising a lot of technology and techniques from mountain bike manufacturers. Indeed, some of these rigid wheelchairs resemble a mountain bike more than a traditional wheelchair, and depending on the model and specifications may only weigh 15-17lbs / 8Kg. The efficiency of a wheelchair can be measured easily in a non-scientific way. The user can simply see how far they move in a given wheelchair, on a given surface in just one push. Because of the number of joints, and weight of the steel of aluminium, a folding wheelchair loses a lot of energy, so a folding wheelchair won't move as far as a rigid wheelchair per push. A titanium sport wheelchair weighs roughly a third of the weight of a standard steel folding wheelchair, and so will move much further per push. This is an important consideration when choosing a wheelchair. The process of choosing a wheelchair can be complicated. The wheelchair manufacturers make this easier by providing a prescription form for some models. This is a step by step method of choosing the right wheelchair, based on the user's condition, daily activities and any other special requirements. Depending on the complexity of the user's requirements, the wheelchair manufacturer may offer the service of a trained expert to help with the prescription. All sorts of situations are considered from whether the user needs to cross roads, to the size and width of the front castors. Whatever style of wheelchair you choose, a wheelchair cushion will be recommende
Walks haunt Stingers in loss to Express EAU CLAIRE - A severe lack of command was the Willmar Stingers’ demise in the first game of a doubleheader Wednesday against the Eau Claire Express, as a 13-7 loss snapped their six-game winning streak. Stingers pitchers combined to walk 18 batters over eight innings and the Express took advantage, pulling within one game of Willmar for first place in the North Division second-half standings. Eau Claire jumped out to an 8-1 lead after three innings and extended that cushion to 13-7 through seven. Willmar left-hander Connor Herd made his first start of the season and lasted just 1-1/3 innings, as five walks led to an early exit. By the game’s end, Stingers manager Eric Vasquez would go through three relief pitchers and use Caleb Ledbetter -- an outfielder -- for a scoreless eighth inning. Despite trailing by 12 runs with six outs to play, Willmar would proceed to make things at least slightly tense for the Express. Highlighted by Nolan Bumstead’s three-run double, the Stingers plated six runs in the eighth inning. They then loaded the bases with nobody out in the ninth, bringing the tying run to the hole, but went down quietly to end the game. Danny Rodriguez hit a solo home run in the top of the second inning, at the time cutting the Eau Claire lead to 2-1, and tying Bumstead for the team-high with six dingers. Rodriguez came up again in the third with the bases loaded, two outs and Willmar down 3-1. The Stingers first baseman put together a hard-fought 11-pitch at-bat before striking out on a foul tip. With the Express scoring five runs in the bottom half of the frame against reliever Myles Smith, the next time Willmar would step to the plate, it trailed 8-1. The second game of the doubleheader begins at 7 p.m. with right-hander Cameron Churchill on the mound.Eau Claire 13, Willmar 7Stingers 010 000 060-7 10 2Express 215 120 020-13 12 2Hitting - Willmar: Luke Becker 1-5 r rbi, Marcus Still 0-4 bb-2 r, Nolan Bumstead 2-5 2b rbi-3, Danny Rodriguez 1-5 hr r rbi, Matt Klosterman 1-3 r, Harrison Schnurbusch 2-3 r bb-2, Caleb Ledbetter 1-4 r, Carter Schmidt 1-1 r rbi bb-2, Tyler Reichenborn 1-4 2b r bb … Eau Claire: Zach Ashford 2-4 r-3 rbi-3, Zach Gilles 2-2 bb-4 r-3 rbi-2, Luke Bandy 2-4 rbi-3 Pitching (ip-h-r-er-bb-so) - Willmar: Connor Herd (L) 1.1-3-3-3-5-1, Myles Smith 2.2-4-6-6-4-3, Hayden Petrovick 1-1-2-2-7-1, Jacob Mertz 2-3-2-1-0-0, Caleb Ledbetter 1-2-0-0-1-0 … Eau Claire: Emanuel Castellano (W) 5-6-1-1-2-4, Adam O’Malley 2-2-4-4-5-0, Jake Moebius 2-2-2-2-2-2
Kulture Moto provides a fine range of motorcycle clothing, motorcycle t-shirt or leather boots, denim jeans, motorcycle jackets and essentials motorcycle accessories. At Kulture Moto you will find the best motorcycle garment. By continuing your visit to this site, you agree to the use and writing cookies. These cookies are used to track your browsing, update your cart, recognize you on your next visit and secure your connection. Kulture Moto 2018. Made by Dotlab™. All Rights Reserved.
Every people would like to live well having a good lifestyle. The problem seems not to be so easy as could. At first, to have and get things done, we need to take action for things happen because it has not got by itself. The first way by which it may be possible is through the change of habits setting the mind up for things get better. The greater barrier to getting it sets down in knowing how to manage feelings and limiting beliefs all of us have stuck inside so hard of being thrown out. The change of habits begins through mastering thoughts from which it could be possible to improve and grow the inner or subconscious mind of people. Thoughts are energetic vibrations, manifestations of intelligence coming from the soul’s power. Through clear and correct thoughts we have a channel to interact with the Universe widening the horizons of our knowledge, and so doing it, strengthening the moral principles along the path of our existence. The power of thought is the great key to getting a good and balanced life. Mastering our thoughts for the good we put them attuned with the Universal Power and Creative Intelligence. Through this channel, we may supply our lives with the Great Force of the Universe becoming us invigorated, stronger and abler for facing our daily struggles for existence. We need to take care of managing our thoughts on the right way, because they set up real environmental climates promoting good health or diseases, joy or sorrow, success or failure and well or ill-being. People are responsible in fact for their lives, acts and thoughts, being them for their own reliable and dependable on whatever may happen in their lifetime. We are what we think and we are the mirror of our choices. “As a man thinketh, so he is.” “Man is created by thought; what a man thinks that he becomes.” Think you are strong; strong you become. Think you are weak; the weak you become. Think you are a fool; fool you become. A man forms his own character, becoming that which he thinks. If you meditate on courage, you shall work courage into your character. If you think nobly, you shall gradually make for yourself a noble character, but if you think basely, a base character will be formed. Steady persevering thoughts sets up a definite habit of the mind and that habit manifests itself as a quality in the character. The thread of thought is woven into mental and moral qualities and these qualities in their totality form what we call character. You can build your character as surely as a mason can build a wall, working with and through the law. The first step towards a deliberate creation of character lies then in the deliberate choosing of what we will think and then of thinking persistently on the quality chosen. Soon, there will be a tendency to evince that quality; a little longer, its exercise will become habitual. Thoughts make the character. You spin the thread of thought into your life. Carry any kind of thought you please about with you and so long as you retain it, no matter how you roam over land or sea, you will unceasingly attract to yourself, knowingly or inadvertently, exactly and only what corresponds to your own dominant quality of thought. Thoughts are your private property and you can regulate them to suit your taste entirely by steadily recognizing your ability to do so. You have entirely in your own hands to determine the order of thoughts you entertain and consequently the order of influences you attract and are not mere willowy creatures of circumstances unless indeed you choose to be. A good thought is thrice bestowed. First, it benefits the thinker by improving his mental body. Secondly, it benefits the person about whom it is entertained. Lastly, it benefits all mankind by improving the general mental atmosphere. An evil thought, on the contrary, is thrice cursed. First, it harms the thinker by doing injury to his mental body. Secondly, it harms the person who is its object. Lastly, it harms all mankind by vitiating the whole mental atmosphere. Every evil thought is bad for the person to whom it is directed. but it is even worse for you because these thoughts rebound mainly upon yourself. A mind occupied by evil thoughts acts as a magnet to attract like thoughts and thus you are the one who more directly suffer from it. Evil thoughts are thrown into the mental atmosphere poison the mental environment. Thoughts are very contagious. Thought moves. It leaves the soul and hovers about. It enters the minds of others also. A sympathetic thought in you raises a sympathetic thought in others with whom you come in contact. A thought of anger produces a similar vibration in those who surround an angry man. Cheerful thoughts produce cheerful thoughts in others. Thoughts of joy create sympathetically thoughts of joy in others.
As I’ve been contemplating which Goddess I would like to work with next, one has been right in front of me, and making herself known more and more. She’s been with me for quite a while. I’m not quite sure why I didn’t think of working with her more closely. Lakshmi is the Hindu goddess of abundance and prosperity. I’ve had an image of her on my wall ever since a good friend of mine gave it to me many years ago (thank you, Harmony!). She has quietly looked over my home, her gentle presence smiling at me and my family. I have said her mantra often over the years, opening myself up to her abundance. The mantra is Om Gum Shreem Lakshmi Yei Namaha. I even made a mala for myself to connect with that energy. Recently, I picked up a small statue of Lakshmi that I set up when I am at markets. I even wrote a meditation about her that I will be posting soon! With all of that, I actually know very little about Lakshmi. For research, it is important to me to look at Hindu sources (or websites that draw from Hindu sources). If I’m going to build a relationship with this Goddess, I don’t want to white wash Her. I know she is a consort of Vishnu, and another name for her is Shri (or Sri). She is considered by some to be an aspect of the great mother goddess, along with Saraswati and Kali or Durga. She is honored especially at Diwali. This only scratches the surface. I am honestly going to have to do more research, and spend time connecting with her. So that is the task I set for myself – to get to know her, her likes and dislikes, and what offerings she prefers. I’ll let you know what I learn.
China saw an increase in Trojan and botnet attacks coming from other countries in 2012, as the amount of mobile malware in the country also surged, according to a local security group. During the year, a total of 73,000 Trojan and botnet command-and-control servers had hijacked 14.2 million host machines in the country. The number of Trojan and botnet servers marks an almost 60 percent increase from 2011. Close to 13,000 of those servers were based in the U.S., the country also responsible for the largest number of Trojan and botnet attacks targeting China. South Korea was second, followed by Germany. China's National Computer Network Emergency Response Technical Team (CNCERT) reported the figures on Thursday. They were later published by the nation's state press, Xinhua News Agency. Both China and the U.S. have lately been at odds with one another over cyber security. Earlier this year, U.S. officials warned the country to stop with its alleged state-sponsored hacking attacks, a claim Chinese officials vehemently rejected . Former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden has also complicated matters. The leaker has reportedly accused the U.S. government of hacking into Chinese telecommunication companies and universities. Last month, China's foreign ministry said it was "gravely concerned" about the alleged cyber espionage and has the matter brought up with the U.S. Chinese officials have previously claimed the country is a major victim of cyber attacks. On Thursday, CNCERT reported that the Trojans and botnets targeting China were designed to steal data or to help facilitate other hacking attacks. In addition, China is also witnessing a boom in mobile malware. CNCERT encountered close to 163,000 samples of mobile malware in 2012, an increase of 25 times from the previous year. Most of the malware, at 82.5 percent, was designed for Google's Android OS. About 40 percent was also designed to steal funds from the user by secretly triggering fee-based services on the device.
Life's Basics More of a Stretch Low-wage workers, like Regino Romero, are struggling to pay the bills and raise a family in an economy that has left them behind. Poll results The top ten answers respondents gave when asked to describe their financial situation in one word. VIDEO Regino Romero, who has worked as a chef for 14 years, spends every day trying to balance paying the bills with ensuring his three children get what they need to succeed. Watch the Video » Live Discussion Hurt and Hope Among Low-Wage Workers National economics reporter Mike Fletcher and polling director Jon Cohen were online Monday, August 4 at 1 p.m. ET to discuss The Washington Post's ongoing series on low-wage workers. Resources Links to other studies and profiles of low-wage America: Methodology The Washington Post, in partnership with the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard University conducted a poll of 1,350 randomly selected low-wage workers nationwide. About the series The Washington Post is examining the plight of low-wage workers, who have been hardest hit by both the ongoing economic downturn and the larger forces of the new economy. A national poll of 1,350 low-wage workers found that they have endured stagnant wages, pervasive job losses and growing fiscal uncertainty. Yet, most remain hopeful about the future. After a story drawing a portrait of low-wage workers, the series will zoom in on the survey's major findings over the coming weeks. Part Two: Politics Obama Leads, Pessimism Reigns Among Key Group Low-wage workers' politics are partly shaped by their lot in the current economy: Many are insecure about their finances, but many are optimistic about the future even as they express deep suspicion about government. Read More » Part Three: Foreign-Born Workers Clinging to Dreams of a Better Life Foreign-born low-wage workers are finding it harder to attain economic security in America, but their faith in the "American dream" is still strong. They are more optimistic about the future and more satisfied with their jobs and wages than native-born workers and have even higher hopes for their children. Read More » Part Four: Coping Life's Basics More of a Stretch Low-wage workers, like Regino Romero, are struggling to pay the bills and raise a family in an economy that has left them behind. Read More » PRINT | Reporters: Michael A. Fletcher and Jon Cohen; Graphics: Laura Stanton; Photos: Kevin Clark -- The Washington Post WEB | Editor: Andrea Caumont; Design: Kat Downs; Multimedia: Nelson Hsu; Video: Akira Hakuta -- washingtonpost.com © The Washington Post Company
In my talk during Mike’s Memorial, I referenced a surprise talk that he gave during our quaint little ceremony. We found it while gathering pictures and video for the slideshow, and my brother-in-law pulled this talk for me to hold onto. You can clearly see that I was about to be loved so well. Mike was a Champion, and he always said that he would live to be over 100. I tell people when describing his love as a husband, “I was loved for 100 years… in 20.” This sweet video is where it all began.
I got a call from Escape Roomers (Munich). They were travelling to London and were looking for additional explorers to join their quest for Pharaoh Khufu’s Chamber. Legend had it that the Chamber was cursed. All who remained there longer than 60 minutes were said to be destined to guard the Pharaoh’s tomb and his treasure for all eternity……. No pressure then! Were we up for the challenge? You bet we were. And so my team of Invitation To Events explorers arrived at the ante chambers, or foyer at Escape Rooms London Bridge just off Tooley Street, to begin our mission. Pharaoh’s Chamber – A Cursed Tomb We introduced ourselves to our fellow explorers and swapped stories of escape rooms we’d played throughout Europe. The Games master was surprised we had not met before embarking on this adventure. He told us we were the 100th raiders to enter Pharaoh Khufu’s tomb. It seems the first 99 explorers had perished in the chamber, although no bodies had been found. We were given an hour to find the Pharaoh’s treasure, and light all the flames of the gods, to escape. We were shown into a large room with Egyptian statues all around the room. As the door shut, we started searching for clues. There was a good selection of puzzles arranged in a nonlinear game play. We were able to split up, search and solve, joining together and parting as puzzles were solved. One puzzle that stumped us for a long time. It turned out to be something that was formerly a puzzle but had now been retired and was just a prop! It was good to see we were making progress throughout the game, as we kept lighting the flames of the gods around the room. It was down to the final light and we huddled together a little stumped. Finally we solved it and managed to escape within the time limit and without needing clues! Amazing. So happy to have our celebration photo taken and given pride of place on the Escape Rooms wall. Join our clue solving club Sign up for the ITM Games Group newsletter for news and offers on clue solving adventures and city adventures.
After a very long and demoralizing losing streak, supporters of marriage equality have recently experienced a string of victories so sudden and dramatic that it has their heads spinning. Just yesterday, the Minnesota House passed a bill that would make it the 12th state to legalize same-sex marriage. The vote came while the ink was still drying on Delaware’s landmark new marriage equality law, which followed on the heels—five days!—of a similar milestone in Rhode Island. Up until last November, supporters had tasted defeat on 33 state-level measures. But after Election Day, change was in the wind. Voters in Maine, Minnesota, Washington, and Maryland came down firmly on the side of same-sex marriage. You could credit folks like Ellen DeGeneres and NFL punter Chris Kluwe and basketball star Jason Collins—and even a few die-hard Republicans such as Dick Cheney, who has come out in favor of marriage equality—for helping bring about the rapid cultural shift. And no doubt that’s a big part of it. But there’s one force, perhaps greater than any other, that shouldn’t be underestimated: the Mormon church’s political surrender on gay marriage. It’s remarkable what has happened in the marriage fight since the Mormons decided to abandon it. Consider that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was the single biggest funder and organizer of the 2008 campaign to pass California’s Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage in one of America’s most liberal states. The church is estimated to have directed at least $20 million to that effort, along with significant organizing clout. Documents unearthed by activist Fred Karger showed that the Mormons had 77 people working full time at the church’s Salt Lake City headquarters to get Prop. 8 passed. The church, in fact, had been a crucial (if not always visible) player since the 1990s, when it helped fend off efforts to legalize same-sex marriage in Hawaii and California. As far back as 1996, high-ranking LDS officials were coordinating behind the scenes and raising hundreds of thousands of dollars to orchestrate what became the first state-level vote to ban gay marriage in Hawaii. Top church officials were also heavily involved in the creation of the National Organization for Marriage (NOM), the primary player over the last decade in the fight to outlaw gay unions. But after the Mormon involvement in Prop. 8 was fully exposed, the backlash was severe—and apparently unexpected. The church became a target for public protests, and lost a considerable number of members who were unhappy with its involvement in a political issue that had caused individual LDS families a lot of grief. In the campaign’s aftermath, a top church leader even apologized to gay church members for the pain they’d suffered. This is not to say that the Mormons have had a change of heart about gay marriage. The church is still adamantly opposed to it. On April 6, during the LDS’s annual conference, Boyd Packer, who is next in line to assume the church’s top leadership post, warned, “We need to be careful of the tolerance trend trap, so that we do not get swallowed up in it. The permissiveness afforded by the weakening of the laws of the land to tolerate and legalize immorality does not reduce the serious spiritual consequence that is the result from a violation of God’s law of Chastity.” That said, the church seems to have returned to focusing on homosexuality as a personal issue rather than a political one. After years of working behind the scenes, hiring lobbyists, and mobilizing its members to fight state referendums sympathetic to same-sex marriage, it appears to have simply dropped the rope. “In the other four states last year that had marriage, you didn’t see the Mormon church anywhere,” says Kevin Nix, spokesman for the LGBT advocacy group, Human Rights Campaign. Janet Wallis is the mother of lesbian married daughters who has been working with a group called Minnesotans United for All Families, at first to defeat an anti-gay-marriage amendment last November, and more recently to support the legislation the Minnesota House just passed. One of her daughters used to live in Utah and worked on the 2002 Olympic Committee with Mitt Romney, so she’s well acquainted with the church’s role in LGBT politics. During the marriage fights in Minnesota, she kept wondering where the Mormons were. Catholics have been “so VERY, VERY visible” during these battles, she told me via email, but “there have been no articles, no news stories, not a peep publicly re: being Mormon and how to vote.” Last year in Maryland, the church even went so far as to squelch an effort by some Mormons to organize against a pro-marriage initiative on the state ballot. The loss of the church as an ally has been a huge blow to foes of gay marriage, especially given its ability to deploy a host of motivated volunteers. (The efficiency of the LDS church during natural disasters has been compared to that of the German Wehrmacht.) If nothing else, the movement against gay marriage has lost a significant source of cash. In March, the Huffington Post reported that a scant 16 Utah residents (a rough proxy for Mormons) had donated a collective total of $1,264 to four state ballot committees fighting same-sex marriage bills. Back in 2008, more than 800 Utah residents gave $2.7 million to support Prop 8. Karger, the California activist who helped call attention to the church’s Prop. 8 role, believes that without the Mormons’ money and organizing clout, the fight has been left to a handful of extremely conservative Catholic groups such as the Knights of Columbus and NOM, none of which has much in the way of grassroots organizing skills. Indeed, a whopping 90 percent of NOM’s funding comes from only about 10 individuals. According to the most recent IRS filings available, it raised nearly $3 million less in 2011 than it did in 2010, a reduction of about one-third. In 2012, according to Human Rights Campaign, gay marriage proponents in four states considering marriage bills outraised NOM by $20 million. While NOM used the specter of legalization in Rhode Island to raise money, it had a poor showing in the state. The rabidly anti-gay group Mass Resistance complained bitterly, calling NOM “clueless and ineffective,” and noting, “NOM did no serious organizing or strategic planning. Meetings with activists would be set up, then go unattended.” That’s the sort of thing that would never happen if the LDS church had been on board. “NOM has always been a shell group, the purpose of which was to funnel money from a shadowy handful of funders directed by the Mormon and Catholic hierarchy,” says Evan Wolfson, the founder and president of Freedom to Marry. “Now that the Mormon hierarchy seems to have pulled back, it exposes the weakness and lack of any real grassroots depth in the opposition.” The pullback of the LDS church may also have the unexpected effect of allowing more Republican elected officials to back marriage equality without fear of suffering at the polls. (Mormons are among the country’s most reliable Republican voters.) Republicans in Rhode Island and Delaware were a key factor in marriage advocates’ success, says HRC’s Nix. Wolfson is cautiously optimistic. He thinks it’s too soon to know whether the LDS church has unilaterally withdrawn from the marriage fight or whether this is just a temporary cease-fire: “In 2012, part of their tactical reason for pulling back was to avoid any muddying the waters for Romney. That was a higher priority for them than even attacking gay people.” But it would be fair to say that the gay-marriage supporters are thrilled with the rapid about-face. “It’s a new day in the fight for marriage equality, with one victory after another,” Karger says. “I’m convinced that all these wins would not be possible if the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints had not finally abandoned its 15-year battle to demonize all LGBT Americans.”
Home / Shop/Literature Display Hire/ Rectangular Display Plinth - Blue Rectangular Display Plinth - Blue W500 x D500 x H1000 Our blue display plinths are ideal for displaying small products, plants or company literature on your exhibition stand and complement our blue unit tables and chairs superbly. You could position this blue plinth at the front of your exhibition stand and place some chocolates, sweets or promotional giveaways on it to help draw delegates onto your stand, or you could position the plinth towards the rear of your exhibition stand and place a tablet or laptop on it, enabling you to provide some real time product and software demos. Place your order for exhibition furniture online today in London, Birmingham NEC, Manchester and Leeds and work with the experts at Eventex – we’re here to help! Nov 15, 2017 Whatever the exhibition, there are always some pieces of hire equipment that should be the first on your list of requirements, with literature racks and brochure units being one of them. The main purpose of any company who have paid to hire exhibition stand space is to show off their products or services to the industry at large. Whilst… No reviews yet
“The organizations we’re funding have a strong foothold in the hardest-hit communities. They have the credibility and experience needed to deliver the most effective HIV prevention strategies to those who need them most.” Jonathan Mermin, MD, MPH, director, CDC’s National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and TB Prevention “Community-based organizations have been vital to our nation’s HIV prevention efforts since the earliest days of the epidemic,” said Jonathan Mermin, M.D., director of CDC’s National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and Tuberculosis Prevention. “The organizations we’re funding have a strong foothold in the hardest-hit communities. They have the credibility and experience needed to deliver the most effective HIV prevention strategies to those who need them most.” CBOs will use the new funding to deliver high-impact HIV prevention strategies, including: - Providing HIV testing to those at high risk to increase the proportion of people who are aware of their HIV status - Engaging HIV-positive people in ongoing care and treatment, helping them adhere to antiretroviral therapy, and ensuring they receive prevention and support services - Ensuring high-risk, HIV-negative individuals have access to prevention and support services such as pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP), post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP), high-impact behavioral interventions, and screening for sexually transmitted infections - Distributing condoms to HIV-positive and high-risk, HIV-negative individuals For the first time in its nearly 30-year history, the funding program includes a component that allows organizations to pool their expertise and resources into “Prevention Partnerships.” Of the 90 organizations receiving funding, 30 will serve as the lead of a partnership comprised of several organizations. Through these partnerships, 47 additional organizations will contribute their own unique expertise to help deliver more comprehensive prevention services to those in greatest need. “It’s clear that we need to focus our limited resources on strategies that can have the greatest possible impact,” said Eugene McCray, M.D., director of CDC’s Division of HIV/AIDS Prevention. “This funding targets local communities to help maximize the impact of every federal prevention dollar. By delivering powerful prevention tools where they’re needed most, we can have a transformative impact on the epidemic.” The funded organizations are in the 50 geographic areas that reported the highest number of HIV diagnoses in 2011. Each organization has demonstrated experience and expertise working with the populations most affected by the epidemic. Of the 90 directly-funded CBOs, 67 (74.4 percent) primarily serve African Americans and 15 (16.7 percent) primarily serve Hispanics; 64 (71.1 percent) primarily serve MSM. A full list of funded CBOs is available at http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/funding/announcements/ps15-1502/organizations.html. CDC provided extensive pre-application guidance and technical assistance to help interested CBOs apply for the funding. Funded CBOs will be required to monitor program impact and behavioral outcomes. Moving forward, CDC will provide technical assistance and support – directly and through funding for its capacity-building partners – to help ensure funded CBOs are successful in meeting key goals associated with the funding, such as increasing HIV testing among those at-risk and increasing the number of people with HIV who are linked to medical care. “Birmingham AIDS Outreach has been working since 1985 to reverse the devastating impact of HIV in our community – and now, with this new funding from CDC, we can do even more, along with our community partners AIDS Alabama and the Aletheia House,” said Karen Musgrove, executive director of Birmingham AIDS Outreach. “We’re grateful for and excited about the opportunity to invest in delivering the cutting edge of HIV prevention to those who need it most across the state of Alabama.” CBO funding is one critical piece of CDC HIV prevention investments CDC supports HIV prevention at national, state, local, and territorial levels, and these awards represent just one part of CDC’s nearly $700 million annual investment in domestic HIV prevention. The bulk of that annual funding goes directly to state and local health departments – and, indirectly, to many additional community-based organizations across the nation – to prevent HIV infection among those at greatest risk. The awards announced today reflect CDC’s focus on a high-impact prevention approach, which prioritizes strategies that are scientifically proven, cost-effective, scalable, and targeted to the geographic areas and populations that need them most. Nationally, CDC’s approach to HIV prevention primarily focuses on: - Identifying undiagnosed HIV infections through increased testing - Ensuring that people with HIV receive ongoing care and treatment to improve their health and reduce transmission to others - Ensuring those at highest risk for HIV have the knowledge and tools needed to protect themselves For additional information, visit www.cdc.gov/nchhstp/newsroom.
Why the Revolving Door: The Neighborhood, the Prisons A sculptural pop-up book made from monoprinted templates. The paper is 100% rag with white and black Arches cover. Each page is hand cut and bound by the artist. Slipcase covered with Canapetta linen cloth. Pagination: Six folded leaves with 7 pop-up sculptures. Dimensions: Book 29.5 x 20 x 2.5 cm. Slipcase 30 x 20 x 3.5 cm. Variant Edition #14 of 20. Copyright 1993 by Beth Thielen.
Also Featured In One of the most highly regarded vegetarian restaurants in the city, much of Terra's calorie-bashing buffet menu is vegan friendly, and with advance notice the kitchen can even cater for those whose... Read More One of the most highly regarded vegetarian restaurants in the city, much of Terra's calorie-bashing buffet menu is vegan friendly, and with advance notice the kitchen can even cater for those whose choice of food depends on their religious beliefs. Naturally, salads in all their healthy variety are a menu mainstay, but the delicious diversity of gastronomy, based on traditional Portuguese recipes, extends to crunchy vegetable stews and rice prepared with aromatic herbs. They do some great curries, and there are also tabouli and tempura dishes adding to the exotic flavour. Diners can indulge a little by ordering home-baked apple crumble and other tempting desserts. The drinks list has been thoughtfully designed to include kosher wines among the fruit juices, tea, coffee and a bewildering assortment of infusions. - Restaurants with Healthy Menus: "The weekday lunches are exceptional value, and if it's warm and dry tables set on the inner courtyard are quickly snapped up." - Bairro Alto/Principe Real's Best Restaurants: "Dining on the restaurant's secluded terrace is ideal during warmer weather, but should be booked in advance." - Best for Restaurants with Healthy Menus Because: Terra's owners are enthusiastically involved in promoting a healthy lifestyle and are proactive in advancing social welfare and animal rights issues. - Best for Bairro Alto/Principe Real's Best Restaurants Because: Terra is much more than a restaurant; it actively promotes a healthier vegetarian lifestyle and social and animal welfare issues.
Note: This post was written by a guest author. Below is the final installment of our first bullying series. If you personally have any tips or insight on how to manage and get through a bullying situation, please sound off below in the Comments section. How should a parent react to hearing that their child is being a bully? Don’t overreact! It is important to communicate with the school in an effort to address the behavior and then work collaboratively to help your child develop the skills needed to avoid bullying behaviors. Set firm limits and clear expectations with your child. Encourage them to make amends for their behavior (for example, replacing a stolen item or apologize to the target). Put into place a plan for close monitoring and supervision of the child so as to avoid future opportunities to bully. Counseling may be helpful to aid in developing more appropriate social skills, self-control, and empathy. What are some clues that your child may have been or is being bullied? Unexplained bruises or other injuries Missing items (lunch money, school supplies, personal items, etc.) Lack of interest in school related activities Noted differences in sleeping, eating, and behavior patterns that are uncharacteristic of your child Does not want to attend school, but offers no explanation as to why Frequents the nurse’s office without physical symptoms What are some tips for who kids who are being bullied? If you are being bullied, it is important to tell a trusted adult so that they can help. Know that this is not your fault! It is not okay for someone to treat you this way and you don’t have to deal with this alone. Ignoring the bully may help, but it might not work. If it doesn’t, there are other options. Again, talking with an adult about what these options are is important. You’ll want to maintain composure during a bullying incident. Don’t show the bully you are mad, sad or upset. Remember, bullying is about control and power. If the bully wants to upset you and thinks they can every time they bully you, you’ve now just proved that they have the power to manipulate you. Maintain self-control and confidence if you plan to respond to the bully. Practice what you might say by role-playing the situation with someone you trust. Surround yourself with people you care about. Find a way to meet new friends: join a club, play an instrument, try out for a sport, take a class at the library. Don’t be a loner! This concludes our bullying series with Jackie Summers, Bullying Prevention Specialist for Akron Public Schools. NCES realizes that bullying will never go away, and that in the future it will mutate (just as it has to currently invade cyberspace) again and find another venue for its cruelty. Check back here for future bullying installments, including workshops that the Chagrin Valley Little Theater does to aid the bullied and bullies. Also, NCES will continue to post articles and tips to assist and dealing with this country-wide epidemic.
Death Wish, with Bruce Willis, Vincent D’Onofrio and Elisabeth Shue, directed by Eli Roth. PAUL Kersey (Bruce Willis) is a surgeon in a Chicago hospital and has had to deal with the violence of the city’s streets for years. Although sympathetic it appears that, as a matter of survival, he tries not to think about it too much. He rather focusses on his wife, Lucy (Elisabeth Shue) and daughter Jordan (Camila Morrone) who has just been accepted into college. She is also a keen soccer player, and the family show great support for each other. That all changes when two gunshot victims are rushed to the hospital after being viciously attacked in their suburban home. Paul realises that the two victims are, in fact, his wife and daughter. Lucy does not survive the attack but Jordan is operated on and remains in a coma. The police attend the scene of the crime in the form of detectives Kevin Raines (Dean Norris) and Leonore Jackson (Kimberly Elise) who, with perhaps a hundred unsolved murders on their books are totally impotent. But they tell Paul they will continue to search for his wife’s killers. When a criminal is delivered to the emergency room at the hospital with a gunshot wound Paul recognises the man as a valet he met recently. Putting two and two together he surreptitiously takes the dying man’s gun. Although he seems reluctant to use a weapon initially the audience knows (based on the actions of Willis’ predecessor in the role, Charles Bronson, in the 1974 movie of the same name) it is inevitable that Kersey is about to exact vengeance on his wife’s killers. The movie has generated a lot of controversy in the United States where anti- and pro-gun lobbyists are still hurting over the most recent mass shooting at a school in Florida. However you feel about guns, there is no doubt most people watching the movie would sympathise (if not necessarily condone) with the actions of the distraught father and husband who was placed in this situation. A really good movie with plenty of graphic violence for those who, like me, enjoy a little mayhem in an action film, Death Wish will make you ask yourself what you would do the same given the same circumstances.
Office Manager/Editor - Seattle Office Dawn received an MA in history from Truman State University, where she completed a thesis titled “German Immigrants in Rock Township, Jefferson County, Missouri, Prior to the Civil War.” She served as a research assistant and textual editor for six volumes of The Papers of Ulysses S. Grant and helped to edit three volumes of papers presented at Lincoln Forum meetings. At HRA, Dawn copy edits cultural resources management and history reports, assists with report production, and manages the Seattle office. She also assists with business development and historical research on various projects. When she’s not at work, Dawn can often be found crocheting or writing or editing fiction.
ANNCR: Over the years, Cory Gardner supported three personhood amendments … to make all abortions illegal. TEXT: Cory Gardner Supported three personhood amendments to make all abortions illegal SOURCE: Amendment 62, 11/2/10; Amendment 48, 11/4/08; 2006 Colorado Right to Life Voter Guide IN 2008 AND 2010, GARDNER SUPPORTED BALLOT INITIATIVES IN COLORADO PROMOTING PERSONHOOD Gardner Supported Amendment 62, Or The Personhood Amendment: “I Have Signed The Personhood Petition. I Have Taken The Petitions To My Church And Circulating It In My Church.” The Fort Collins Coloradoan and the Colorado Independent reported that Gardner supported Amendment 62. “During a 9 News-sponsored debate (see here) in February, Gardner said he not only supported the personhood initiative, which would criminalize stem cell research, abortion, some types of birth control, and curtail in vitro fertilization in the state, but added, “I have taken the petitions to my church and have a legislative record that backs up my support for life.’” The full quote was “I have signed the personhood petition. I’ve taken the petitions to much church circulating it in my church and have a legislative record that backs up my support for life.” [Colorado Independent, 8/5/2010; 9News Debate, YouTube, 2/14/2010; Fort Collins Coloradoan, 9/26/2010] - September 2010: Gardner Supported Personhood Amendment But Refused To Answer Questions About It. In September 2010, the Denver Post reported that “Gardner does not talk much about hot-button social issues, such as his support for Colorado’s proposed ‘personhood’ amendment. ‘Everyone in this district is focused on jobs and spending,’ he said. ‘They are worried about the future of their families and businesses.’” [Denver Post, 9/29/10] - Daily Camera Editorial Board Blasted Gardner For Supporting The “Extreme Personhood Measures That Would…Ban Certain Forms Of Birth Control.” In October 2010, the Daily Camera editorial board wrote: “Gardner, who in the past has taken firm stances in favor of the extreme ‘personhood’ anti-abortion measures that would put all women of child-bearing age at risk and even ban certain forms of birth control, doesn’t like to talk about that now.” [Editorial, Daily Camera, 10/20/10] - January 2010: Gardner Attended 2010 Personhood Rally. “Friday’s Colorado March for Life, presented by Colorado Right to Life, was the largest in recent history, with marchers at the State Capitol numbering nearly 1,500. The march was marked by an unprecedented number of teens, with young people making up the majority of participants. ‘Personhood’ was the theme, with each speaker highlighting the need to recognize Personhood rights for preborn babies from the moment of their biological beginning. The Personhood USA slogan ‘Persons Not Property’ was displayed prominently, and chants of ‘Roe v. Wade has got to go!’ resounded through the streets surrounding the March. Prominent figures included Denver Bishop James D. Conley, Senator Scott Renfroe, Senator Dave Schultheis, Senator Kevin Lundberg, State Representative Amy Stephens, State Representative B.J. Nikkel, State Representative Cory Gardner, Tom Lucero, currently running for Colorado’s 4th Congressional District, and Jimmy Lakey, currently running for Colorado’s 7th Congressional District.” [Personhood USA Press Release, 1/25/10] - “Personhood Was The Theme” Of Colorado March For Life Rally Attended By Gardner. “Friday’s Colorado March for Life, presented by Colorado Right to Life, was the largest in recent history, with marchers at the State Capitol numbering nearly 1,500. The march was marked by an unprecedented number of teens, with young people making up the majority of participants. ‘Personhood’ was the theme, with each speaker highlighting the need to recognize Personhood rights for preborn babies from the moment of their biological beginning. The Personhood USA slogan ‘Persons Not Property’ was displayed prominently, and chants of ‘Roe v. Wade has got to go!’ resounded through the streets surrounding the March…. Prominent figures included Denver Bishop James D. Conley, Senator Scott Renfroe, Senator Dave Schultheis, Senator Kevin Lundberg, State Representative Amy Stephens, State Representative B.J. Nikkel, State Representative Cory Gardner, Tom Lucero, currently running for Colorado’s 4th Congressional District, and Jimmy Lakey, currently running for Colorado’s 7th Congressional District.” [Personhood USA Press Release, ellipses added, 1/25/10] - 2010: Colorado Right to Life: “Republican Cory Gardner supports Personhood, responded to our survey, has participated in CRTL events, and is considered 100% Pro-Life.” [Colorado Right to Life, accessed 10/2/10] - Amendment 62 Was A Ballot Initiative in 2010 That Asked Colorado Voters To Redefine The Definition of a Person Under The Colorado Constitution. “Amendment 62 proposes amending the Colorado Constitution to: apply the term “person,” as used in the sections of the Colorado bill of rights concerning inalienable rights, equality of justice, and due process of law, to every human being from the beginning of the biological development of that human being.” [Colorado Secretary of State’s Office, 2010 State Ballot Information Booklet, Pg. 16, 9/13/10] - November 2, 2010: Amendment 62 Ballot Initiative Was Decided On Election Day By Colorado Voters. [Colorado Secretary of State’s Office, 2010 State Ballot Information Booklet, Pg. 16, 9/13/10] Gardner Supported 2008 Personhood Amendment (Amendment 48) At Meeting With Doctors, Told Them The Initiative Was Targeting Abortion, Would Not Have Bearing On Contraception, Reproduction. In October 2008, Dr. Marc Ringel of Brush Family Medicine wrote of a 2008 Morgan County Medical Society meeting: m“During the ensuing discussion one of my colleagues asked about Amendment 48, titled the Definition of Person Amendment. The briefest of all the items we citizens will be asked to cast our ballot for or against, it merely states, ‘The term Person or Persons shall include any human from the time of fertilization’ The doctor asked the representative what personhood might imply, for example, in terms of an IUD or morning-after pill, which prevents implantation into the uterus of an egg within hours of fertilization, never getting to other hard questions like: what does it mean to the pregnant 14 year-old rape victim? to the woman with heart disease so severe that her odds of surviving a delivery are small? or to the woman whose fetus errant placenta has invaded her intestines and threatens to kill her if it continues to grow? Mr. Gardner responded soothingly that the writers of that piece of legislation were simply targeting abortion, not everything else that might have a bearing on reproduction and contraception.” [Dr. Marc Ringel, Brush News Tribune, 10/22/08] - Amendment 48 Was A Ballot Initiative in 2008 That Asked Colorado Voters To Redefine The Definition of a Person Under The Colorado Constitution. “Amendment 48 proposes amending the Colorado Constitution to: ‚ define the term “person” to “include any human being from the moment of fertilization”; and‚ apply this definition of person to the sections of the Colorado Constitution that protect the natural and essential rights of persons, allow open access to courts for every person, and ensure that no person has his or her life, liberty, or property taken away without due process of law.” [Colorado Secretary of State’s Office, 2008 State Ballot Information Booklet, Pg. 4, 9/15/08] - November 4, 2008: Amendment 48 Was Decided On Election Day By Colorado Voters. [Colorado Secretary of State’s Office, 2008 State Ballot Information Booklet, Pg. 4, 9/15/08] - 2008: Personhood Sponsor: Gardner Was “Very, Very Supportive” Of The 2008 Personhood Amendment. In November 2011, Bigmedia.org’s Jason Salzman reported that “I asked Kristi Brown, who’s changed her name from Kristi Burton since she sponsored the first personhood amendment with her father in 2008, if she expected to get the same support from major candidates that her measure had gotten previously. … ‘I haven’t personally talked to [Coffman and Gardner],’ Brown told me. ‘I know Cory Gardner is very conservative, has really good stands. I talked to him on the 2008 amendment. He was very, very supportive. He was one of our main supporters. So I would guess that he would.’ When she says a main supporter what does she mean? ‘Very supportive,’ she said. ‘He would come to events for us. He talked about it.’” [Bigmedia.org, 11/21/2011] - March 2008: Gardner Supported Personhood At A Press Conference. In March 2010, Colorado Right to Life stated “Cory Gardner also has a pro-life voting record (Tom Lucero has not been in a position to vote on life issues), Gardner was one of the standout legislators who have attended CRTL functions (legislative luncheons) in the past, and who supported Personhood at a press conference in 2008.” [Colorado Right to Life, accessed 3/16/2010; Colorado for Equal Rights, press release, 3/20/2008; VIDEO Denver Channel, 3/17/2008] - 2008 TV News Story Showed Gardner In Room With Several Republican Colleagues Signing On To Petition To Put Personhood Initiative On Colorado Ballot. “Udall’s campaign provided a television news story from March 17, 2008, that appears to briefly show Gardner in a room with several Republican colleagues signing on to the petition to put personhood on the Colorado ballot (around the 1-minute mark). Gardner’s campaign did not respond to questions about his support of the 2008 referendum.” [Politifact, 4/25/14] IN 2006, GARDNER SAID HE WOULD SUPPORT A FEDERAL CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT “TO RESTORE FULL PROTECTION TO PREBORN HUMAN BEINGS” AND SUPPORTED A FEDERAL LAW DEFINING PERSONHOOD AT FERTILIZATION 2006: Gardner Said He Supported Amending The U.S. Constitution “To Restore Full Protection To Preborn Human Beings.” In 2006, Gardner completed a questionnaire for Colorado Right to Life. He checked “Y” when asked, “would you vote for an amendment to the U.S. Constitution to restore full protection to preborn human beings.” [Colorado Right to Life, 2006 Voter Guide] - 2006: Colorado Right-to-Life Asked Gardner If He Recognized Personhood Begins At Fertilization, Gardner Answered Yes. “In 2006, Colorado Right to Life asked all politicians running for office if they supported the Right to Life Act in Congress, ‘recognizing that personhood begins at fertilization.’ Gardner, then a first-term state representative answered yes.” [Politifact, 4/25/14; Colorado Right to Life, 2006 Voter Guide; H.R. 552, Right to Life Act, introduced 2/2/2005] ANNCR: Now he says he’s switched positions. TEXT “Cory Gardner changes position on personhood issue” SOURCE: Denver Post, 3/21/14 HEADLINE – “Cory Gardner Changes Position On Personhood Issue” [Denver Post, 3/21/14] Gardner “Dropped A Political Bombshell” When He Flip-Flopped His Position On Personhood Amendment. “Congressman Cory Gardner, who has been hammered for his position on social issues ever since he jumped into the U.S. Senate race, dropped a political bombshell Friday with his revelation that he was wrong to have supported previous personhood efforts. He said that after learning more about the measures, which would have had the impact of outlawing abortion, he realized the proposals also could ban certain forms of contraception, a prohibition he does not support. ‘This was a bad idea driven by good intentions,’ he told The Denver Post. ‘I was not right. I can’t support personhood now. I can’t support personhood going forward. To do it again would be a mistake.’” [Denver Post, 3/21/14] “Gardner, Once A Strong Proponent of ‘Personhood’ Measures” Has Switched Positions. “Gardner, once a stronger proponent of “personhood” measures, says he’s changed his mind and accepts the argument of critics that such measures not only ban abortion but prohibit some forms of contraception. The congressman and his defenders say he’s merely being open-minded. They compare his shift to Udall abandoning his opposition to gay marriage in 2011.” [AP, 3/25/14] Headline – “GOP Senate Candidate Cory Gardner Reverses ‘Personhood’ Stance” [AP, 3/22/14] ANNCR: But in Washington, Gardner hasn’t changed at all. Cory Gardner is still sponsoring a personhood law… to make all abortions illegal … even for victims of rape and incest. TEXT: Cory Gardner’s Personhood Law. TEXT: Make all abortions illegal. TEXT: Even for victims of Rape and Incest. SOURCE: H.R. 1091, 7/23/13 GARDNER IS SPONSORING A BILL RIGHT NOW THAT WOULD BAN ALL ABORTIONS WITHOUT EXCEPTION Gardner Cosponsored (And Is Currently Cosponsoring) the Life at Conception Act, Declared Life From The Moment of Fertilization. In July 2013, Gardner cosponsored the Life at Conception Act: “Life at Conception Act – Declares that the right to life guaranteed by the Constitution is vested in each human being beginning at the moment of fertilization, cloning, or other moment at which an individual comes into being. Prohibits construing this Act to authorize the prosecution of any woman for the death of her unborn child.” The last action on this bill was a referral to the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice on 4/8/13. [Congress.gov, HR 1091, Introduced 3/12/13, Cosponsored 7/23/13] - Gardner Was “Still A Co-Sponsor Of A Federal Version Of Personhood.” KDVR reported “Gardner has sought to soften his stance on women’s health issues since declaring his candidacy in late February, quickly coming out against Colorado’s personhood initiatives — he is still a co-sponsor of a federal version of personhood — and penning an Op-Ed outlining his support for making birth control available to women over the counter without a prescription from a doctor.” [KDVR, 9/3/14] - Gardner Cosponsored the Measure in 2012 As Well. “Life at Conception Act – Declares that the right to life guaranteed by the Constitution is vested in each human being beginning at the moment of fertilization, cloning, or other moment at which an individual comes into being. Prohibits construing this Act to require the prosecution of any woman for the death of her unborn child.” The last action on this bill was a referral to the House Committee on the Judiciary on 1/20/11. [Congress.gov, HR 374, Introduced 1/20/11, Co-Sponsored 3/20/12] - Personhood Campaign Spox: Gardner Is “Still 100 Percent Behind The Federal Amendment.” In July 2014, KUNC reported “The change is position for Gardner hasn’t been well received with Amendment 67 supporters, like Jennifer Mason, a spokeswoman for the Yes on Amendment 67 Campaign. ‘Obviously he’s a victim of some bad political advice, there’s no reason for him to pull local support while he’s still 100 percent behind the federal amendment. It doesn’t make any sense,’ said Mason. By changing his position at the local level she said, Gardner is showing it’s more of a political game than personal conviction. ‘He certainly didn’t win over any Republicans,’ Mason said. ‘Our base here in Colorado is made up of Conservative voters, who have been very disappointed with Cory Gardner.’” [KUNC,7/24/14] - Life Begins At Conception Act Defined A Human Being As “A Member Of The Species Homo Sapiens” At The Moment Of Fertilization. “To implement equal protection for the right to life of each born and preborn human person, and pursuant to the duty and authority of the Congress, including Congress’ power under article I, section 8, to make necessary and proper laws, and Congress’ power under section 5 of the 14th article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the Congress hereby declares that the right to life guaranteed by the Constitution is vested in each human being. …Human person; human being.–The terms “human person” and “human being” include each and every member of the species homo sapiens at all stages of life, including the moment of fertilization, cloning, or other moment at which an individual member of the human species comes into being.” [HR 1091, Bill Text, introduced 3/12/2013] Life Begins At Conception Act Is A Federal Personhood Measure. “Gardner co-sponsored a bill in Congress as recently as last year to give personhood status to fertilized eggs.” [AP,3/25/2014; KDVR, 3/24/2014] - Personhood USA President, Op-Ed: Gardner Sponsored The “Life Begins At Conception Act” In Congress, Which Would Guarantee “Protections Of Personhood For All Unborn Children, Just Like The Personhood Bills Here In The State Of Colorado.” “Representative Gardner, you’ve long said you stood in defense of unborn life from the moment of fertilization, including by co-sponsoring the federal “Life Begins at Conception Act.” That act would guarantee the rights and protections of personhood for all unborn children, just like the personhood bills here in the state of Colorado. Tarnishing that pro-life record by repudiating personhood now makes you untrustworthy–the worst kind of politician. I don’t want to think the worst of you, but it’s hard not to draw the conclusion that you jettisoned your core principles in a transparently desperate attempt to win a few extra votes.”[Christian News Wire, Keith Mason, Personhood USA President, 4/3/14] - Rand Paul, The Senate Sponsor Of The Life at Conception Act Said The Bill “Legislatively Declares … That Human Life Begins At The Moment Of Conception And Therefore Is Entitled To Legal Protection From That Point Forward.” The Huffington Post reported, “But Sen. Rand Paul is the Senate sponsor of the Life at Conception Act, which is identical to the bill co-sponsored by Gardner. And this is how Paul described his own bill in March of last year. ‘The Life at Conception Act legislatively declares what most Americans believe and what science has long known-that human life begins at the moment of conception, and therefore is entitled to legal protection from that point forward.’” [Huffington Post, 7/28/14] - Rand Paul Highlighted The 55 Million Abortions That Have Occurred Since Roe V. Wade And As A Result He Introduced The Life at Conception Act “In Order To Protect The Unborn From The Very Moment Life Begins.” The Huffington Post reported, “In January of this year, Paul released a statement saying: ‘Since the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973, 55 million abortions have taken place in America. The question remains, can a civilization long endure if it does not respect Life? It is the government’s duty to protect life, liberty, and property, but primarily and most importantly, a government must protect Life,’ Sen. Paul said. ‘In order to protect the unborn from the very moment Life begins, I introduced the Life at Conception Act. Today, our nation wavers and our moral compass is adrift. Only when America chooses, remembers and restores her respect for life will we re-discover our moral bearings and truly find our way.’ [Huffington Post, 7/28/14] - Rep Boustany Said “This Bill Strikes At The Heart Of The Roe V. Wade Decision By Declaring Life At Conception, Granting Constitutional Protection To The Unborn Under The 14th Amendment. “After co-sponsoring the same Life at Conception Act in March, 2013, four months before Gardner signed on, Rep. Charles Boustany, (R-LA) issued a statement saying: ‘As a Member of Congress, I take the cause of fighting for the unborn just as seriously. That’s why I cosponsored H.R. 1091, the Life at Conception Act. This bill strikes at the heart of the Roe v. Wade decision by declaring life at conception, granting constitutional protection to the unborn under the 14th Amendment.’” [Huffington Post, 7/28/14] - Pro Life Alliance: Life At Conception Act “Provides Basis for Protection of All Unborn by Legislatively Establishing Personhood.” The Pro Life Alliance wrote in a factsheet that the “Provides Basis for Protection of All Unborn by Legislatively Establishing Personhood. A Life at Conception Act – as introduced by Congressman Duncan Hunter (H.R. 618) – is legislation that, quite simply, would declare the unborn to be “persons” under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution, and therefore entitled to the right to life guaranteed therein.” The Duncan bill read: “To implement equal protection for the right to life of each born and preborn human person, and pursuant to the duty and authority of the Congress, including Congress’ power under article I, section 8, to make necessary and proper laws, and Congress’ power under section 5 of the 14th article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the Congress hereby declares that the right to life guaranteed by the Constitution is vested in each human being. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Act: (1) HUMAN PERSON; HUMAN BEING- The terms `human person’ and `human being’ include each and every member of the species homo sapiens at all stages of life, including, but not limited to, the moment of fertilization, cloning, or other moment at which an individual member of the human species comes into being. [HR 618, Bill Text, introduced 1/22/2007; Pro Life Alliance, Life at Conception Act, factsheet] …WHICH WOULD BAN ALL ABORTIONS, EVEN IN CASES OF RAPE OR INCEST Gardner Claimed He Supported Personhood “As A Means To Ban Abortion.” “Gardner is on record since 2006 supporting so-called personhood measures at the state and federal level. These bills and ballot initiatives generally said the rights afforded to a person would begin at the moment a human egg is fertilized. The federal bill would impact the definition of a person under the 14th amendment to the U.S. Constitution, while the state measure would obviously affect only Colorado law. Gardner’s campaign says he backed the proposals as a means to ban abortion, not contraception…The Democratic ads say he ‘led the charge’ or conducted an ‘eight-year crusade’ that would ‘ban birth control.’ The word ‘crusade’ may be overstating it, but Gardner did support state ballot initiatives and co-sponsored federal personhood legislation in 2012 and 2013. The Gardner campaign says he had supported the measures as a means of banning abortion.” [FactCheck.org, 8/15/14] Legislation That Defines A Fertilized Egg As A Human Being Would Ban All Abortions, Including Those Resulting From Rape And Incest, And Would Declare Common Forms Of Birth Control, Like The IUD, As Murder. In October 2011, the New York Times reported “A constitutional amendment facing voters in Mississippi on Nov. 8, and similar initiatives brewing in half a dozen other states including Florida and Ohio, would declare a fertilized human egg to be a legal person, effectively branding abortion and some forms of birth control as murder. […]The amendment in Mississippi would ban virtually all abortions, including those resulting from rape or incest. It would bar some birth control methods, including IUDs and ‘morning-after pills,’ which prevent fertilized eggs from implanting in the uterus. It would also outlaw the destruction of embryos created in laboratories.” [New York Times, 10/25/2011] Dana Milbank: Life At Conception “Would Effectively Outlaw Abortion.” “Paul won’t get far if he persists with the foreign policy he laid out earlier this year at the Heritage Foundation; he describes himself as a ‘realist,’ but his form of realism might have sounded good to Senate Republicans in the 1930s. And, like his father, he makes politically expedient exceptions to his libertarianism; last week he introduced the Life at Conception Act, which would effectively outlaw abortion.” [Dana Milbank, Washington Post, 3/20/13]
Top 40 Trivia features the inspirations and fascinating facts behind 500 pop hits from 1955-2000. Below is a sample page from Top 40 Trivia Vol 1 BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY (Queen) (1976) EMI was reluctant to release the song as a single until heavy airplay from Kenny Everett on Londonís Capital Radio caused a sales demand. It spent 9 weeks at No 1 on the UK chart. At one point the song features 180 vocal overdubs. BOMBORA (Atlantics) (1963) The title is a surfing term meaning "large waves breaking over a submerged reef or rock shelf." The Australian recording charted in Holland and West Germany. BONY MARONIE (Hush) (1975) Robie Porter (aka Rob E.G.) was the one who insisted that Hush revive this 1957 Larry Williams hit. At first, none of the band were keen to record it. This single was their biggest hit and made No 1 in Australia. BORN TO RUN (Bruce Springsteen) (1975) This was his first hit single and was featured on his third album Born To Run. Before recording the song Springsteen said it was his goal to sing like Roy Orbison, with words like Bob Dylan's and a sound like Phil Spector's early-'60s productions. BOTH SIDES OF THE STORY (Phil Collins) (1993) Some of the lyrics were inspired by dialogue from the movie Grand Canyon (which starred Kevin Kline and Danny Glover). BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER (Simon & Garfunkel) (1970) Paul Simon was inspired to write this ballad after hearing a gospel song by the Swan Silvertones who sang - "I'll be your bridge over deep water if you trust my name." BROTHER LOVE'S TRAVELLING SALVATION SHOW (Neil Diamond) (1969) It was originally titled Mo Getta Mo. His wife Marsha hated the title and convinced him to change it. BROWN EYED GIRL (Van Morrison) (1967) Morrison says he wrote the song originally as Brown Skinned Girl but producer Bert Berns changed the lyrics. It was recorded in two takes. BROWN SUGAR (Rolling Stones) (1971) The song was created by Mick Jagger during a visit to Australia when he was playing around on an acoustic guitar. BURN FOR YOU (John Farnham) (1990) Farnham wrote the words which relate to the times that he's absent from his wife Jillian. BY THE TIME I GET TO PHOENIX (Glen Campbell) (1967) It was written by Jimmy Webb and inspired by his former girlfriend Susan. (He also had her in mind when he wrote MacArthur Park.) It was first recorded by Johnny Rivers as an album track. Glen Campbell heard Rivers' version and decided to cut it as a single. BYE BYE BABY (Col Joye) (1959) Recorded when Col had a bad head cold. The producer had to edit out quite a few wheezes and coughs. The song was given to Joye by Sydney radio announcer John Burls who discovered the song amongst some US demo records. BYE BYE LOVE (Everly Brothers) (1957) 29 singers turned down the song before the Everly Brothers agreed to record it. Elvis Presley was one of the artists it was offered to. CALIFORNIA DREAMIN' (The Mamas & The Papas) (1967) It was written by John Phillips in Manhattan's Earle Hotel in 1963. At the time John's 19-year-old wife Michelle Phillips had been complaining about New York's cold, grey winter and those words inspired the song's lyrics. It was first recorded by Barry McGuire as the follow-up to Eve Of Destruction but the Mamas & the Papas decided instead to release it as a single and so Barry's version wasn't released. * Two volumes available. Each book features 500 fascinating facts and interesting trivia regarding various Top 40 pop music hits from 1955 -2005.
product descriptionThe dress is made of several kinds of gorgeous chiffon with a beautiful floral print dress decorated with a removable belt under the skin that accentuate your waist. Length - 150 cm. Composition: 100% polyester. Model height in the picture 170 cm. Sizes: 42-44 (M); 46-48 (L); 50-52 (XL). Clothing which is produced under the brand name "Medini Original" - is always an exclusive design, and original cut Reviews about Dress "Zara" B3
slender picsat Wet-Vagina.com - page: 1 facesweetslender With say no to sweet smile that lights up say no to charming face, slim together with slender body, together with an gripping personality, Chandra is a very promising nude model. stunningslenderresist See if you can resist the bewitching charms together with sensuous come forth of the stunning Sandra Lauver as she offers an inviting par camerasexydress Sandra Lauver is a sure incursion with along to brush charming yet substandard looks and slender body with sexy tush as A she strips along to brush sexy menacing dress in front be required of along to camera. teasebreastsgorgeous Zemira does a sizzling tease by the stairs exhibitionism will not hear of naked slender body and communicating will not hear of gorgeous breasts. assfacerose Candy Rose's long coupled with slender physique, especially say no to prime ass, takes someone's skin centerstage painless she poses enthusiastically with an engaging smile on say no to pretty face. teasebreastslegs Voluptuous erection with fruitful and luscious breasts, curvaceous hips and long, slender legs, coupled by her warm, inviting smile, Olivian is a tease exceeding peak be required of someone's skin bed. sexyslenderstrips Drawing Fernanda strips will not hear of sexy bikini and flaunts will not hear of slender body outdoors. nipplesbreastssexy Izabel strips off her white tank top added to fitted denim jeans, abbreviated her long added to slender body with round, cuppable breasts, chicly puffy nipples, fare waist, added to sexy legs that are to-die-for. flexibletightbutt Without pleb fancy sets, lavish props or costumes, Oretha's playful with the addition of uninhibited eroticism takes get under one's spotlight as she flaunts her slender build, flexible legs, with the addition of tight, connected with butt. buttbreastsgorgeous With the golden glow of the afternoon sun, Miela A showcases her gorgeous slender body with swollen breasts, round butt, and slender toes on the veranda. pussycutepink Cute added to adorable Leona Honey, strips added to bares her slender, nubile crowd added to pink, smooth pussy apart from chum around with annoy window. timefaceover With say no to alluring increased by enticing face, Macy loves showing off all over the bed, naked finest of the time, parading say no to stunningly slender body. nipplesoozingstunning Her adorable yet lusty looks oozing almost irresistable, stunning appeal, Nikia is a unconditioned hold-up almost their way slim, slender, nubile body almost pink put some life into nipples. assfirmshows Milla shows off their way long, slender develop intensify with noticeable firm ass coupled with svelte legs on their way debut series. cutefacebeauty A fresh face plus youthful beauty debuts on Rylsky Art with her cute smile, slender physique, plus small but pink plus puffy assets. beautydelicatepleasing Lorena B's delicate, slender body, goddess-like beauty, and uninhibited personality is a pleasing break from slay rub elbows with rugged rocks in slay rub elbows with background. breastsfacegorgeous An alluring face with unhandy facial features, a slim and slender congregation with gorgeous, puffy breasts, and smooth shaven labia, Kira Joyousness is simply sweet and enticing. pussyviewglass Yvonne strips her titillating dress not far from get under one's looking-glass and gives her fans a new view with dote on as she sprawls all over get under one's floor with showcase her urbane slender body and delectable, pink pussy. pussywideopen Ginger beer A displays her gorgeous, slender crowd as she spreads her trotters wide open showing her pink, smooth pussy surpassing the bed. pussyposesnaughty A naughty increased by banter Ennu A playfully poses superior to before zenith for the bed, showcasing her smooth, slender feet increased by exquisite pussy.
PANAJI (Web Desk) – An Indian court on Friday cleared two men accused of the rape and homicide of 15-year-old British schoolgirl Scarlett Keeling whose bruised and semi-nude body was found on a Goa beach in 2008. “I find them not guilty of all charges,” Judge Vandana Tendulkar said after the trial of Samson D’Souza and Placido Carvalho in the state capital Panaji. D’Souza and Carvalho had been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder, using force with intent to outrage a woman’s modesty and of administering drugs with intent to harm. Scarlett’s body was found on the popular Anjuna beach in the north of the small Indian tourist state, popular with Western hippies. The teenager’s death in 2008 became international news, shining a spotlight on the seedy side of the resort destination and also drawing attention to India’s sluggish justice system. Police initially dismissed her death as an accidental drowning but opened a murder investigation after MacKeown pushed for a second autopsy which proved she had been drugged and raped. It showed that Keeling had suffered more than 50 injuries to her body. The trial began in 2010 but was dogged by numerous delays, including hearings of just one afternoon a month due to a backlog of cases and a public prosecutor withdrawing from proceedings. A key witness, Briton Michael Mannion, known as “Masala Mike”, also refused to testify, dealing a huge blow to the prosecution’s case. He had initially spoken of seeing D’Souza lying on top of Keeling on the beach shortly before she died. MacKeown and her family were on a six-month holiday to India when she, Keeling and her other daughters went on an excursion to the southern state of Karnataka, but Keeling later returned alone to attend a party. Her body was found on the morning of February 18, 2008.
llaria Turba is a visual artist working mainly with photography, video and animation to create artworks, installations, site specific projects and communication projects. Her works are the result of a personal experience that intertwines visual experimentation with other disciplines: social science, performative art, oral history and very often the result of a collaboration with other artists, artisans and professionals JEST is her first photobook and has been released at the end of 2016 by the Berlin-based publisher Peperoni Books. In January 2018 the first solo exhibition of JEST will open at the Museum l’Atelier in Nantes (FR). JEST originates from Ilaria Turba’s exploration of her own family photo archive: five generations of images dating from 1870 to today are the starting point for a visual search. Photography, manipulated or not, is intertwined with other disciplines like dance, sound and storytelling. The body of work and the exhibition, involving game and action, offers the viewer a new experience of perceiving and seeing. JEST, which means prank, takes shape when, among the many photographs of the family archive, two emerge: the departure of Apollo 11 and a woman carrying a rifle. This combination, born from the case, creates a funny and significant short circuit. Turba takes this accidental invitation to the game, turning it into a pretext to cross the photographic material with a different look and reflect on the meaning of photography today. Looking at the images of JEST is just like riding a roller coaster: as soon as you think you understand where the author wants to lead you, the direction suddenly changes. You just have to do two things: keep asking yourself if what we see is real, and never stop being surprised by the beauty and the magic of what surrounds us.
KANSAS CITY, Mo -- Do you feel like you're chained to your desk and chair at work? You can get up. New research shows what happens in your blood when you do. Jim Gately is really a stand-up guy. Since May, the electrical designer has purposely stood four to six hours a day at his desk. "I feel more energized when I go home," said Gately. He could be getting other benefits in his blood. Australian researchers found an extra two hours a day of standing instead of sitting was associated with lower cholesterol and blood sugar levels. The findings add to evidence that standing more may lower heart disease and diabetes risk. Employers are taking notice. Gately's employer, Burns & McDonnell, will open a new headquarters building in Kansas City next year. "We have added fourteen hundred new adjustable work stations, so that will allow people to move from a sitting position to a standing position throughout the day," said Lauren Dunn, a benefits administrator. The new research found standing didn't result in a smaller waistline or body mass index. You had to replace two hours of sitting with stepping to get those benefits. Julia Bartak, a Burns & McDonnell employee, walks or runs over her lunch hour. She and co-workers also sometimes have "moving meetings." They talk and walk. "It helps us kinda focus and gives us some energy and helps us stay, I guess, productive during the day," said Bartak. Dunn added, "Any way that you can incorporate that into your daily life, not necessarily in a workout, but in walking movement, that's great." Researchers say the message is to stand up, sit less, and move more for your heart and overall health. The study is published in the European Heart Journal.
|Over 225 Dog Breeds To provide a that are easy to navigate, fun to browse, to please our no matter what their |Our apparel comes in men's, women's, jr, infant, toddler, and kid's sizes. We have t-shirts, hats, caps, tote bags, messenger bags, and products include mugs, coasters, wall clocks, steins, and other fine products for your home. We also have framed prints, posters, greeting boxes, just to name a |2 Easy Ways |In my summer garden the flowers all in bloom, They bide me with their to dissipate my gloom. There waits my Bernese Mountain Dog, because we both know that where we are love will surely grow. |St Patrick's Day Bernese Mountain Dog T Shirts, Cards, Gifts Great way for dog lovers to celebrate St. Patrick's Day with the luck of the Irish. Dog lovers everywhere will love our fun designs. We offer Saint Paddy's day designs on more than 70 dog breeds. |Bernese Mtn Dog Created for the devoted Dog Moms of the world. If your day consists of your dog, then you're a dog mom! Our always popular Dog Mom designs are available for 225 dog breeds. If you have a fur baby, then this design is the perfect way to express it. Dog Dad Products Cool gear for Dog DADs! Stylish and fun gear, because Dad is crazy about the dog too! Your Great gifts for the devoted dog owner! |Bernese Mountain Dog Agility TShirts, Gifts, more We offer some really cool stuff for those that love their dog and love to run the agility course with them! Agility t-shirts and other apparel for the whole family. Agility lovers gifts and accessories. Agility tote bags, hats and caps in lots of color choices. We even have ties for him! Great gift ideas with our mugs, magnets, and other merchandise to show off their love for this sport. |Because Berner owners know that Love is what Bernese are all about! |My BFF is a Bernese Mtn Dog Cool gear for Aussie owners! Our BFF products are available for 225 different dog breeds. The text reads, My BFF is your breed, and is placed inside of tartan plaid dog breed silhouette. Available on apparel items for the whole dog loving family. Other merchandise includes caps, buttons, totes, mugs, and more fun items. Unique gifts for any special occasion, or treat yourself! |My Choice Bernese Mtn Dog If your choice of dogs is the Berner, then this design if made just for you. Text reads,My Choice, Bernese Mountain Dog, Working Group. Euro style oval looks great on apparel, hats, more. |Bernese Mtn Dog Puppy Love Pair of delightful bernese mountain dog puppies are featured on our "Puppy Love" original print. Great gifts for berner lovers. Lots of merchandise choices in apparel and housewares |I Love My Bernese Mtn Dog Accessories Our No Bones About It, I love my dog is offered for 225 dog breeds. Apparel items for the whole dog loving family. Other merchandise includes, caps, buttons, totes, mugs, and more fun items. Unique gifts for any special occasion, or treat yourself! |Home Is Where My Bernese Mtn Dog Is... If home is where your heart is... then it must be where your Berner is! Great country look design on some great products. We have kitchen towels, placemats, and napkins. Plates, mugs, and so |Bernese Mountain Dog All the must haves this holiday season to make your Christmas time dog gone special. Christmas cards and postage stamps, gift tags for presents, ornaments for the Christmas tree, sweatshirts and other apparel items and jewelry to make the |Bernese Mountain Dog Gifts T-Shirts Merchandise |“There is a Zazzle cookie on my page that will generate personal data to Zazzle and Zazzle is GDPR compliant.”
Most physical and emotional problems are often helped by acupressure because acupressure helps get to the root causes of disease, rather than simply address the symptoms. Often the root cause of illness comes from imbalances of qi in the body. I typically work with clients in one-hour Energetic Acupressure Wellness Treatments that are geared to helping with general physical and emotional issues. Examples of the types of treatment include: Acute colds, rashes (including allergic reactions to poison ivy, Shingles and Cellulitis), or other recently developed issues Chronic long-term illness, sometimes unexplained or well-known but difficult to shift, such as asthma, chronic fatigue, Fibromyalgia, Endometriosis, migraines, and other auto-immune issues Inherited issues or developmental issues Emotional distress (long or short term), including anxiety, depression, and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) One hour Energetic Acupressure sessions can help you find greater balance and harmony in your body/mind/spirit. Energetic acupressure is often very relaxing and not painful. Occasionally, some points are very tender, but generally clients do not experience pain in the sessions. Sometimes I also recommend other more specialized treatments for specific issues. See Treatments for more information.
4 hours ago Monday, November 05, 2007 Since tonight is Guy Fawkes Night in England I have been thinking about torture. Guy Fawkes, after being captured near barrels of gunpowder in the basement of the British Parliament, was executed for treason using a rather barbaric, by modern standards, method of being hanged, drawn, and quartered. This method of execution, although utterly ruthless, was reserved for traitors to the crown. Before his execution, Guy Fawkes was tortured for information regarding his co-conspirators. Four hundred and two years ago in England this method of interrogation had to be approved by the king. I am not saying that we should bring back some of the wonderful methods used in Medieval Europe, but it would be nice to have somebody in the government finally decided if torture is constitutional. Because, clearly, when dealing with people like the current crop of crazies, regular methods just don't apply. We can not torture people one day and apologizes to them for it the next because we now think that torture in unconstitutional. Tougher enemies and tougher times call for tougher measures. Posted by Stan Yann at 10:09 PM
Set up timesheets |Before your team members can start Step 2: Turn in a timesheet, an administrator needs to set up a few things. Some things are required, and other options are there in case you want to go beyond the basics.| The easiest way to set things up If you don't want to do a whole lot of work to get timesheets up and running, the only one thing you really need to do is set up how often you want timesheets turned in. If you go with the default options when you set things up, you'll end up with everything you need to have your team members turn in timesheets once a week for a year. Simple! The only thing you need to define is the start date for the first week, and Project Web App will take care of the rest. - Go to PWA Settings. In Project Web App, choose Settings > PWA Settings. Under Time and Task Management, choose Time Reporting Periods. Set a start date. If you want timesheets turned in weekly, the only thing you need to change under Define Bulk Period Parameters is Date the first period starts. A best practice here is to set your first week to start on the first day of the week containing the first day of your fiscal year. For example, if your organization's fiscal year starts on Tuesday, July 1, it might make sense to have your first batch of timesheets start on the Sunday or Monday before that. Set the format for period names. Under Define Batch Naming Convention, you can leave things alone if you want and everything will work just fine. However, a lot of organizations prefer to add some structure to how each time reporting period is named. Without a Prefix or a Suffix, your time reporting periods will use simple incremental numbers (1, 2, 3, and so on). Team members will be able to turn in timesheets just fine with this basic naming. Adding some structure to the naming gives each reporting period some context. For example, you can set up reporting periods that are named "Week1_FY15," "Week2_FY15," and so on. This can be helpful if you need to refer to older timesheets. As you add a prefix and suffix, an example name is shown. Create periods and save. Choose Create Bulk. Need your timesheets to do more? If you find that the basic timesheets aren't capturing enough information, you can make them a little more substantial. Here are some ways you can take things a bit further: Add categories of work to capture different types of time, like research or development, or to capture bigger-picture efforts where your organization may be investing across multiple projects. Add non-project categories for time spent on other aspects of work, like training or travel. Set up your fiscal year so that you can map project work against your overall financial plans. There are also some settings you may want to change that affect how time and task progress is captured and handled in your organization.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences which is best known for organizing the Oscars has announced its love for open source tech. It has joined hands with the Linux Foundation to establish the Academy Software Foundation (ASWF). The objective of ASWF is to increase the quality and quantity of contributions to the entertainment industry through open-source projects. It will provide a neutral platform to facilitate cross-project efforts, a common built and test infrastructure. The founding members behind this initiative include big names like Google, Walt Disney Studios, Cisco, DreamWorks, Intel, SideFX, Blue Sky Studios, Epic Games, Animal Logic, etc. Nearly 84% of Hollywood already uses open source software to throw in visual effects and animation in film production. But all of that work has been accomplished in isolation by different companies till now. Also, licensing such work has proved to be a challenge, partly because studios didn’t know which license they should choose. The foundation would probably try to solve this problem through shared licensing templates, and also look after the management of relevant open source projects. With the Academy Software Foundation, open source developers in the motion picture and media space will now be able to join their efforts and bring the next wave of innovation through interoperability. >> Source Link
Tranquil Garden Design in La Mesa Garden design in La Mesa is about much more than choosing the right flowers or stones for your rock path. Your space should radiate tranquility and peace, so you have a comfortable place to rest after a long workday. Grass Doctor Landscape Inc has yeas of experience designing quality gardens in the area, but how do we do it? What Is the Garden Design Process? The design process for any garden has six main steps. If needed, we will adjust to meet our clients’ needs. However, this is a general overview of the process. - • Professional Consultation: First, we’ll speak with your directly about your ideal garden space and your budget range. We’ll help you make your design elements cohesive and help you cut costs where we can. - • Design Planning: After the consultation, we’ll have a much better idea of how to proceed with the design. Our team will sketch the design so you can visualize your new space without a problem. - • Client Approval: We won’t proceed with a design until we get approval from you. It’s your garden and you should retain control of the final product. - • Design Blueprint: While a sketch is best to help clients visualize, construction blueprints help us communicate effective with our team. Once you’ve approved the design, we’ll get to work on the blueprint. - • Building and Planting: The next and last step is building your garden to your specifications. What happens first or last will depend on your unique design as well as your timeline. Do You Want Front or Backyard Garden? A front yard garden can certainly increase your curb appeal while a backyard space can serve as an escape from the rest of the world. When deciding between the two areas, think about your ideal space and the limitations of the space you do have. If you have a space that’s oblong or unconventionally shaped, we can help you transform it into a functional and warm setting. Popular Garden Ideas If you’ve been looking around online, you’ll already know there are tons of great design ideas that are perfect for your garden. You might think you don’t have enough space or these two elements won’t fit together, but our design team can work wonders. Keep looking for your must-haves list and consider a few of our most popular garden elements: - • Fountains - • Ponds - • Subtle lighting - • Gazebo - • Bench seating - • Eating area - • Bar - • Grilling center Grass Doctor Landscape Inc Garden Planning Goals As a company, we have many goals to make sure we continue to challenge ourselves. With that said, the following are four of our most important design and professional goals: - • Meet and exceed client expectations for professionalism. - • Have a positive design relationship with each client. - • Create gardens that are sustainable in the La Mesa climate. - • Design gardens that match our clients’ ideal outdoor space. Get in Touch Today for a New Garden Design Are you ready to learn more about that kinds of gardens are possible in La Mesa? Give us a call today and speak with a professional. We’ll be happy to answer all of your questions and set up a design consultation.
Best friend bracelets for guys I like the look of the rounded edges, and it makes the bracelet more comfortable to wear. A notification email would be greatly appreciated too!Best Unisex Friendship Ring: Stainless Steel Anam Cara Celtic Ring Beads Pearls Jewelry In Gaelic, the word for friend is Cara and the word for soul is anam.Jewelry Polishing Cloth, nylon Jaw Bracelet Bending Pliers, dremel Micro 8050 and sanding drum optional.A set of two adult personal adds free Partners In Crime friendship bracelets is a perfect present for true besties as well.Price:.99, buy the SoulBreezeCollection Best Friends Forever BFF Heart Necklace here.Step 2: optional Add texture using your choice of texture hammer. For a more personal message, consider a custom engraved Black Stainless Steel Spinner Ring. This sweet best friend necklace is a bright and shiny way to celebrate that friendship. Add your names to the front and a secret word on the inside, or create a special message thats only know to you and your bestie.If your daughter has two best friends, consider a three piece heart necklace set that connects them no matter whether theyre together or far apart.Liberty Charms makes a wide variety of charm bracelets and BFF bracelets for girls from two to young adults.Some of these are affiliate links, meaning if you click, then make a purchase, you are helping to support this blog. It was like a special secret code and a reminder even when you were apart that there was somebody who had your back. They effortlessly make this straight rectangle blank into a perfectly rounded bangle.The stainless steel Youre my person charm is hand stamped and strung on an 18 inch stainless steel cable chain. What is important is that they are up for it and they are looking for men.LA Shrinks, ladies of London, last Chance Kitchen, launch My Line.In fact, she says when it comes to Atlanta, the actress has no pull at all.Its a Brad Brad World, jersey Belle, kandis Wedding.Our 'rhony'Read more No Fishing Experience Required!Later, I asked her out and we had a great time together, laughing and fooling around all the time.Website Ping Test: down?But usually the crowdsourced data we have is pretty accurate.Status of, website is online!Privacy: n/a, child Safety: n/a, wikipedia Trust Links No links.You could be meetingRead more - Woman looking for a donor - Women the wrong date - Dream woman wanted to marry dennis - Craiglist adult personals - Looking for female room hanau - Best friend bracelets online india - Experience with dating site - Women aged 50 seeking young man - Pregnancy due date and sex of baby - Dating and sex over 50 - Farmer wants a wife, jorg - Youtube dream woman wanted season 5 - Woman seeks police officer - Dating apps for mature adults
Can you offer maternity coverage in the USA Pacific Prime is able to provide International Health Insurance Plans with comprehensive Maternity Health Insurance benefits. We can offer Maternity Health Insurance Plans to individuals residing in Egypt, with medical coverage extending to all areas of the world, including the USA. Our International Health Insurance plans at Pacific Prime generally provide Worldwide Coverage, which means you are able to use your health insurance policy in any area of the world. Our 'globally portable' plans allow you to continue your Health Insurance policy in any area of the world, whether you are relocating overseas, traveling to another country, or returning to your home country. A number of our International Health Insurance plans can also offer Geographic Coverage benefits, which will allow you the choice to exclude an area of medical coverage, in order to reduce the impact on your premium. At Pacific Prime we have a range of Maternity Health Insurance policies that can be included on your International Health Insurance plan. Our insurance providers normally offer different levels of maternity care, with coverage often including benefits for standard delivery, prenatal care, emergency Cesarian operations, amongst other benefits. Most insurance companies will place a 'waiting period' on Maternity Health Insurance policies. At the start of the plan, maternity expenses will not be covered until this 'waiting period' is over. The duration of the Maternity waiting period will vary between insurers; however it is typically between 10 to 12 months from the start of the plan. After the waiting period is completed, policy holders may claim for maternity related expenses covered on their Maternity Health Insurance Plan. In many cases we can typically offer plans which provide a 'New Born Child' coverage benefit. While a New Born Child benefit will usually be attached to a waiting period, this is often much shorter than those associated with Maternity Coverage; in some cases as short as 6 months from the start of the plan. A New Born Child benefit will typically be applied in one of two ways; the child may receive a “Free Benefit” for coverage under the policy, or they may be “Born Into The Plan.” 1. Free Benefit If the child receives a Free Benefit under the policy then they will be provided medical insurance coverage up to a pre-determined time, or financial limit. Once the limit has been reached you must submit an application to the insurer for continuing coverage. 2. Born into the Plan If the child is born into the existing Policy then they will be guaranteed continuing coverage from birth no matter what the state of their health. If it is important to note that having your child 'born into the plan' will increase your policy premium. A Travel Health Insurance Plan may be another option for you. Travel Health Insurance generally covers medical expenses relating to an illness or accident, for the duration of the period selected by the policy holder. In some cases, a Travel Health Insurance Plan may cover medical expenses relating to pregnancy complications, in the event of an accident or illness; however, this coverage is not universal and will vary by insurer. Premiums are generally calculated on your age and geographic location, as well as other additional Coverage Options you decide to include on your International Health Insurance Plan. Health care costs vary within different countries, as such the country you reside in may have an affect on your premium. 'Geographic Coverage' is an option that is provided by some insurers, which can reduce your premium by excluding an area of the world covered on your International Health Insurance Plan. Areas such as the US are typically excluded by policy holders in order to reduce the impact on their premium. In some cases, during the renewal of your International Health Insurance policy, Geographic Coverage can be modified to suit your changing needs. Pacific Prime has a large range of insurance providers that offer various different International Health Insurance Plans that include Maternity Health policies. For more information about International Health Insurance plans we can provide, different Maternity Health Insurance options available, or to receive a free quote, please contact us today. Simplifying Health Insurance Health Insurance Inflation Read our latest report on International Private Medical Insurance Inflation Use an online quotation tool to compare health insurance plans on the market. Contact Us Now Our health insurance advisors will ensure that you get exactly the cover you need. Insurance Inflation - 2017 View our latest report on IPMI inflation
A new job? A raise? A promotion? Have your pick once you've mastered C# and aced the certification exams. Get ready with the Microsoft Certified Solutions Bundle-it's 91% off at TweakTown Deals. This bundle contains three courses that'll take you through everything you need to know to develop apps for Windows. You'll learn how to encrypt and decrypt data, design UI layouts, manage the app deployment process, manage data and security, and plenty more. By the end of the course, you'll feel ready to take on the MCSD 70-483, MCSD 70-484, and MCSD 70-485 exams. Get two years of access to all three courses. Start working toward your certifications today. Get the Microsoft Certified Solutions Bundle for $49.99 at TweakTown Deals.
Want create site? Find Free WordPress Themes and plugins. Olamide – Owo Shayo YBNL ever buzzing rapper Olamide come through once again with Owo Shayo after his vocals on Osure which features LRR OlaDips. - Oladips ft. Olamide – O’Sure [New Music] - Sina Rambo ft. Olamide – Baba Sina Rambo [New Music] - Phyno X Olamide – Onyeoma [New Music] - Davolee – Oya Gbeff ft. Olamide - Listen To Zombie Snippet by Olamide featuring Wizkid Did you find apk for android? You can find new Free Android Games and apps.
Check out Jeff Wignall's ProPhotoDaily interview with Tony Gale about using the Sony α6300 for its speed capabilities. "[F]or some time DSLR cameras were faster to focus, but when the α6000 came out it was quite fast and now with the α6300 it is crazy fast and has the fastest autofocus of any camera I have ever used. Also being able to shoot low or high with the tilting LCD screen without the limitations of having to look through a viewfinder can be a huge asset. The α6300 is the first camera I have ever used that tracks runners going as fast as they can." -Tony Gale in ProPhotoDaily
The University of Evansville community invites you to the American Society for Engineering Education’s Illinois-Indiana Section Conference for 2019. The conference is being held at the University of Evansville’s campus for the first time. The theme for the conference is “Reaching Tomorrow’s Engineer Today”SM. Conference sessions will include regular paper presentation sessions, paper postcard presentation sessions, poster sessions for both undergraduate and graduate students, a regional industry panel session, workshops for K-12 educators and a special session on integrating hardware into the K-12 classroom. Please contact the conference program chair for questions relating to submission of work to be considered for inclusion in the conference proceedings, reviews or editorial requirements. For questions regarding conference activities, event schedules or set-up and display concerns, please contact the conference events chair. Please contact the conference organizational chair with general questions regarding conference schedule, local coordination or other information requests. Important Dates and Deadlines - Call for papers: September 15, 2018 - Abstracts due: October 30, 2018 - Abstract decision: November 15, 2018 - Draft due: January 15, 2019 - Draft decision/feedback: Feb 10, 2019 - Revisions due: March 3, 2019
Day 3 began with more sunshine than Day 2, thankfully. Blue skies made the trip through Grand Teton National Park much more enjoyable. I had to travel the same route as the previous day in order to reach the south entrance of Yellowstone National Park, but this time, there was plenty more to see. Perhaps one of the most beautiful and photogenic spots in Grand Teton National Park is Oxbow Bend, an appendage of the Snake River that was left behind, when the river cut a new path, just slightly to the south. US 26/89/191 runs right by here, and if conditions are perfect, you’ll get a nice reflection of the mountains on the water. On this day, conditions were not perfect, but still pretty darned beautiful. Just a few hundred feet from the Oxbow Bend parking area, a large crowd had gathered, including dozens of photographers with ridiculously long lenses all pointed in the same direction. Someone had spotted a moose in the brush between the water and the road. Unfortunately, this moose had no idea that scores of shutter-happy humans were patiently waiting for it to move out of the thicket and into plain view. It seems a moose does whatever a moose wants to do, and there’s no specific schedule it has to keep. Everyone patiently waited, including me, for quite a while, but this was the best photo I could get. Note: This trip was first published in 2007.
Today – Family travelpack 101 – the most useful holiday stuff you need for your packing sheet Remember when you could sling some clothes and a toothbrush into a bag and head off somewhere exciting? I’m betting that was before kids, right? Now holiday packing can turn into a military operation, particularly during those first few years with young kids. Luckily you’re not the first to try to squeeze half the house into the back a family hatchback. Many parents have braved this before you and figured out how to make packing for a holiday easier and what you need that you might not have thought of. Here are some recommendations from a few of my favourite parenting bloggers: - I bring clothes pegs not just for the mass hand washing but to seal half finished large bags of crisps. Jenny – Mum of One - A roll of tinfoil and some masking tape to black out the window in the kids bedroom. Kirsty – The Mummysphere - My gp prescribes antibiotics that I can take with me because Erin always gets ill! Ear infections are common from swimming. Emma – Emma & 3 - I always take tea bags and uht milk sticks. Invariably we land late at night, or first thing in the morning and I NEED a cuppa before hitting the supermarket. I even do it when we go to a hotel in the UK as there are never enough! – Tanya – Mummy Barrow - Cross packing – so you put some of each persons clothes in a different suitcase so if one goes missing it’s not a disaster. Also zip lock bags for damp swimmers / toothbrushes etc. Kate – Mums Online - On long car journeys we take a small bucket & a supply of nappy bags which we use as a sick bucket. Helen – The Crazy Kitchen - The blue shoe covers you get when spectating at swimming lessons are handy for putting over the bottom of shoes. Penny – Parentshaped - Matches because we always need them for candles, cookers and barbecues etc. Emma – Bavarian Sojourn - I always carry pistachios, a little protein hit for my veggie kids if all else fails. Becky – Eat Simply - Lots of different colored plastic bags to sort everyone’s clothes and dirty washing. Maggy – Red Ted Art So there’s our Travelpack 101. What advice would you add? Do leave us a comment. Also, don’t forget to check out my tips for making car journeys with kids fun.
Having recently taken on an allotment, we are trying to set it up for as little money as possible. That challenge is working out quite well so far, but today I found a fantastic bargain (at least I think it is) so I thought it only fair to share. This week only Aldi are selling fruit plants for £1.99 each. I got there first thing expecting tiny little plants which would take ages to get going, but was very surprised to see what was on offer and would highly recommend. As you can see from my quick photo I went a little mad, but I can’t resist a bargain. For just under £28 I got 2 x blackberry, 2 x kiwi, 2 x goji berry, 2 x loganberry, 2 x fig, 1 x tayberry, 1 x gooseberry, 1 x red grape and 1 x white grape!!!! If you are a gardener/allotmenteer get down there quick!
Sat, Aug. 25, 2018 7:30pm Sep. 8 - 9, 2018 Sat, Sep. 8, 2018 7:00pm Sat, Sep. 15, 2018See all events We have had several queries regarding the operation of the floodgate at Whisstocks Place during its recent closure. Suffolk Constabulary’s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson and Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore begin tour Suffolk in August 2018. Suffolk Coastal District Council is producing a new Local Plan, setting out a strategy for growth and development across the District to 2036.
Trixie also makes the acquaintance of Dex (Mulroney), a raffish ladies' man who quickly works his way into her heart. After meeting a garrulous talking bug named Ted, Fone Bone makes the acquaintance of two humans, the beautiful Thorn (our heroine) and her grandmother, Grandma Ben. By apparent chance, he also makes the acquaintance of a hairdresser who shows signs of the wounds of Christ - the Stigmata. Photo: Tom Everett Scott plays a tourist who makes the acquaintance of a scary young woman (Julie Delpy) in Disney's ``An American Werewolf in Paris. Morgan makes the acquaintance of Allen Porter, a former counselor to President Eisenhower, who met him through Seamas Concannon, an eccentric Irish fellow passenger who teaches at Beresford and can gulp down double martinis before breakfast.
Studies reveal that suicide claims more than 100 lives. Unfortunately, people are still uncomfortable talking about this issue, yet the news of people who have committed suicide continues to be read on the obituaries. However, the deaths of Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain a few days apart have shed more light on this issue, and people are finally opening up to speak about it. In fact, research reveals that close to 45,000 Americans commit suicide every year, yet people are still treating the issue as a secret. The issue of suicide has been surrounded by misunderstanding and fear, which leads to lack of action. According to Patch, the worst bit about suicide is that the loved ones of the dead always feel guilty and ashamed because they feel that they could have done something different to prevent the death of their family member. Unfortunately, family and friends cannot know that something is wrong with you when you don’t talk about it. Also, the other reason why suicide cases are on the rise is that people don’t know how to react. Surprisingly, suicide also affects successful people. In fact, most suicidal people believe that nothing can be done to help them. However, the best way to end suicide cases is to open communication lines; hence, you should reach out to someone you think is struggling with depression. Ara Chackerian is based in San Francisco. He is well-known as a philanthropist and an established entrepreneur. Ara spent most of his career life in the healthcare sector bridging the gap between health care services and technology. He also has an interest in youth development and environmental cases. Ara Chackerian recently spoke in an interview about his recent ventures where he revealed that he wanted to venture into TSM Health Solutions together with his longtime business partner. As a result, Ara spent close to a decade working on network centers in northern California. You can check out their Vimeo account for more videos. The vision of TSM Health Solutions is to design a care delivery model that enabled patients and physicians to attain their desired goals. The methodology should be geared towards putting the interest of the patient first regarding treatment and experience. The new venture was formed about two years ago, and they have managed to build seven new facilities that serve Sacramento and San Francisco. From Humble beginnings, the founder of OSI Group, formerly doing business as Otto & Sons, started his butcher shop in 1909. Another new face came into the picture mid-century, someone with a small hamburger joint that he planned to franchise. The restaurant agreed to partner with Otto & Sons and receive their beef products exclusively from Otto. As the hamburger stand grew, the demand increased for the beef products from Otto & Sons. Together they made a fast food legend, known all over the world as McDonald’s Hamburgers. Bigger, Better, Bolder With the early rapid expansion of McDonald’s, the company needed to produce more and more beef patties. They accomplished this in the 70’s by dedicating a state of the art facility solely for the products that were served in McDonald’s restaurants. By this time, the company was transitioned into OSI Industries, and is now the Food Processing Giant OSI Group. The CEO has focused on expansion in the last few years. The demand for processed meat products on the global level has created an opportunity for OSI Group to expand into it’s current 65 facilities across international borders. The headquarters are located in Illinois, but there are processing plants in 17 countries. With expansion came further opportunities, including the implementation of additional foods, such as the Riverside, CA plant produces. This plant processes salsa, tofu, and bean products. Additionally OSI Group has vegetable and frozen retail products. Leader In The Industry Continued growth has been a true American Dream story. From a German Immigrant named Otto Kolschowsky to one of the most prominent Food distributors in the world, the small family business became a leader in supplying major retailers with fresh processed foods. From poultry to fish, beef to bacon and everything in between the multi-billion dollar company has negotiated the acquisition of major food suppliers such as Tyson and Baho Foods. The expansion into Asia-Pacific regions, Australia, and South American countries in addition to many more, was a smart move for OSI, but two of the major contributors are Europe and China. The introduction into the WTO made China’s ability to implement a facility in their country possible. Now OSI Group has additionally opened a dedicated R&D facility in Shanghai. The extreme growth in the 70’s was a result of OSI’s commitment to innovation, and it seems that the same is true today. With the CEO Sheldon Lavin’s dedicated efforts in R&D, food safety, efficacy, and environmental impacts, the future of the company is definitely sound. Paul Mampilly is a holder of MBA from the University of Fordham. He is the author of Profits Unlimited, a newsletter that is offering informative advice to potential investors on where they should be aiming at when looking for investment opportunities. Paul has also published other publications on the same topic of investment. There is True Momentum and Extreme Fortunes. These publications are meant for people who want to make a difference in their lives by making money through positive financial decisions. The stock market is one of the best platforms through which one can make the necessary investment decisions. The stock market offers so many opportunities for multiplying money as opposed to other forms of investment. Paul advocates for investment in this market because he has been in the industry and has verified that indeed it is very profitable when approached in the right manner. Paul Mampilly has accomplished so much in the past two decades that he has been in the Wall Street. He has worked for the major banks such as the ING, Bank of Scotland and others. With these banks, he managed to help them make million through investment. When he was tired of the large banking sector, he moved to the Wall Street. Here, he got an opportunity to manage billions as a hedge fund manager. Shortly after joining Wall Street. He made a great achievement by helping his first hedge fund known as Kinetic Asset management to make over $20 billion in return that year. The Barrons even featured the hedge fund for the great results which were recorded then. Paul Mampilly worked in the Wall Street for a few more years. In 2009, he won the Templeton Foundation Award which was an investment contest. The best traders in Wall Street were put in one contest. The trader who would make the biggest return was to be awarded. Paul Mampilly emerged the winner after making $88 million from $50 million investment. He proved that he was the best in Wall Street. With these accomplishments. Paul Mampilly recently decided to quit Wall Street and join the Main Street Americans who want information and assistance on how they can make the right investment. Ryan Seacrest is a household name. Seacrest is possibly best known for hosting “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest,” an annual tradition for many. It may surprise you however, that until the past year he didn’t even live in New York, he resided in Los Angeles. Ryan Seacrest initially moved to host “Live” with Kelly Ripa. His new projects however have not stopped him from pursuing any of his others: from producing TV series like “American Idol” and “Keeping Up with the Kardashians,” to running his own skin care and fashion line. The 43-year-old, other than being a TV and radio show host, is constantly on the go and he shared his routine that helps him to achieve it all. Seacrest wakes up daily around 6:00am starting with a shower and shave. He dresses comfortable and casual most of the time in sweats, a T-shirt, and zip-up hoodie. An ordinary breakfast for Ryan Seacrest consists of matcha tea and coffee. Very avid about working out, Seacrest usually gets it done during the day whenever he can fit it into his schedule. Most recently he has been boxing and claims if anyone were to try and jump him he would be ready. Before heading to work Seacrest likes to catch up on all the overnight news and watch a bit of television. According to the Mens Journal, Ryan had a weight struggle, read more. Earlier in Seacrest’s career, other than being busy with his charity, he claims he tried to answer every question as it was asked, and this led to his day feeling like a constant “fire fight.” Today he has learned to balance out what is asked of him, explaining it is okay to put things in queue. Seacrest, although very active with fans and social media has admitted to locking his phone in a safe when he is on a trip. He wants to live in the moment, and focus more on the people in the room than those on the phone. Seacrest has made a name for himself, making entertaining look easy. He claims it isn’t easy but as Dick Clark once told him, if you make people think it is then your doing it right. Neurocare is a charity organization based in the UK. The agency raises money to donate to Sheffield Royal Hallamshire Hospital for the neurosurgery department. Since its establishment in the year 1997, the organization has raised more than one point three million used to cater for equipment for the specified department. They have funded the apparatus responsible for the treatment of brain tumors, cancer, and strokes. They also provide equipment for patients with neurological issues like; epilepsy, neuron disease and Parkinson’s disease to mention a few. Neurocore has since then explored a variety of programs all aimed at taking care of brain performance. Learn more about Neurocore at Crunchbase. It’s officially summer and we all know what that means – it’s grilling season! Check out our 3 tips for healthier grilling! https://t.co/0itQGLHNGe The core program at Neurocare is to leverage the natural ability of the brain to change and become strong. The approach to making this possible is through science. The latest is brain mapping and neuroimaging, these methods are used to engage the brain in order to take care of symptoms like anxiety, focus, depression, sleep, migraines, memory and many others. focusing on depression, there is a drug-free program specifically to fight the symptoms of depression. Read more about Neurocore at glassdoor.com. Neurocare Centers receive people who come with many kinds of depressions at different levels. Most of these symptoms are chronic and worst they are debilitating. These indicators are caused by traumatic events and they tend to worsen by the day if not taken care of. Depression has a catastrophic impact on the affected individual and can also affect the family. It is important to know and understand when this ailment creeps in, the symptoms of depression are; Low self- esteem Low energy levels Lack of interest in all activities including those a person loves. To take care of these symptoms, Neurocore has a workable program that has been proven to work. They start with a neuro assessment in order to understand how the patient’s brain works. With an advanced qEEG tech, the brains electrical activity is measured and evaluated to determine the cause of the signs of depression. After that, through the neurofeedback program, the client is guided to make the brain function better regardless of the stresses of the day. Toner believes that the right attitude is the best tool for all situations, believing that everything is all about perspective. Obstacle? Risk? Opportunity? Reward? Attitude is key in meeting and obtaining goals; and in real estate, there is always an opportunity. According to Jim Toner‘s philosophy, it’s important to be surrounded with like minds and people who will ultimately aid one in meeting and obtaining goals. It’s also important to stay positive and Toner encourages everyone to read the stories of successful people to further drive and motivate one toward their goals. Another piece of advice from Toner’s philosophy as per affiliatedork.com is that being healthy and in good condition physically. Good health leads to a better attitude, mind, body, and soul, making it easier to think and make better decisions. It’s critical to incorporate good habits with trying to achieve financial freedom, make every day count by consistently working toward your goals. Toner also feels that laughter is truly the best medicine, as it releases chemicals into the brain that aid in balancing the mind. Jim Toner’s has further advice which would be regarded as pretty scary by the average American, but by working for another person, one can’t even work for themselves. Learning sales is another critical step to success. When one develops the skill to sell, people will like, respect, and buy from that individual with a purpose. But all in all, what’s important to remember is that there is no secret or magic formula to success. Success is all about the individual and how they choose to make their life more successful. But as success comes, it’s key not to let go of one’s integrity and to always remain honest and humble. Money means freedom. Money can’t solve every problem in life, but financial matters won’t exactly be a source of significant stress. News about an exciting way to earn money can draw people’s attention. Freedom Checks positively do attract attention. The potential distribution of more than $34 billion of these checks to investors raises eyebrows. Reports of people finding six-figure Freedom Checks in their mailbox prove intriguing. Learn more about Freedom Checks at dailyreckoning.com. What are these checks? How do they work? These checks refer to distribution payments from successful investors. The specific investment opportunity is a Master Limited Partnership (MLP). An MLP refers to a unique business venture rooted in the oil and natural gas industry. An MLP shares similarities to an LLP, but the distinctions are significant. Master Limited Partnership seek investment funds through a publicly traded venture. Two “90% rules” exist with MLPs. First, the businesses must be 90% involved with domestic oil/natural gas enterprises. Second, 90% of all revenues generated by the MLP must be paid out to investors. Paying a massive 90% yields an equally substantial tax benefit to the company. When an MLP issues a distribution to an investor, the investor receives his/her “Freedom Check.” Obviously, the MLP must generate revenues before issuing Freedom Checks. No one should assume Freedom Checks refer to a grant program or other type of government benefit. They come solely from the private sector. The government did play a significant role in the creation of the checks. Years ago, Congress passed legislation establishing the rules and tax benefits associated with MLPs and Freedom Checks. Today, investors can take advantage of these opportunities if they prove to be a proper fit. Investments in natural resources may only appeal to a limited number of investors. That’s fine. No investment appeals to everyone. Those interested in potentially aggressive investment strategies may wish to learn more about MLPs and how they issue distributions. Visit the website freedomchecks.com to learn more. The Chicago native and serial entrepreneur, Eric Leftkofsky is the co-founder of Tempus a health information technology and cancer research company. It was recently announced, the healthcare data-crunching firm has now attained “Unicorn” status now worth over $ 1 billion. The University of Michigan alum is also co-founder of Lightbank, which is venture capitalist firm geared towards investing in technology startups. Eric has is also co-founder of UpTake Technologies, Echo Global Logistics, and InnerWorking.In 2006, Eric Lefkofsky along with his wife Liz founded the Lefkofsky Family Foundation (LFF), not for profit organization. The foundation seeks to improve the livelihood of individuals in underserved communities, by providing educational opportunities, and human rights. The Lefkofsky Foundation is responsible for High School Bound, which is a free resource available for families to assist in the selection of a high school with the Chicago Public Schools system. Lefkofsky Foundation has also implemented Success Bound, a resource the leverages the relationship established with the Chicago Public Schools, the Urban Education Institute, and The Academy for Urban School Leadership. Success Bound harnesses the resources and tools of these organization in an effort to support students in the transition to high school and in life.LFF is also responsible for After School Matters, which is an organization that serves as a resource for Chicago Public School students, that provides various educational and enrichment opportunities to students.Susan Kramer, Eric Lefkofsky’s mother in law in 1973 founded the American Brain Tumor Association (ABTA). The ABTA is the only national non-profit organization that provides support and resources for brain tumor patients. Leaders understand what the mission of the company is. They also know why the firm has been formed. With that said a superior leader grasps the basics of the organization thereby providing the right direction to the employees and senior executives. For Sheldon Lavin, who serves as the CEO of one of the most trusted food providers in the world, OSI Group, being a leader boils down to working with like-minded individuals with the aim of generating viable policies and strategies to expand the operations of the company. Who Are We, What do we Offer? OSI Group is an international food provider that has thrived in the hands of Sheldon Lavin for decades. The company started out as Otto & Sons when he moved to the United States of America as an immigrant from Germany. In 1973, he called upon Sheldon Lavin to help find a financer for the firm. Mr. Lavin played a pivotal role in the financing project thereby earning a spot in the leadership of the organization. In 1975, the name of the company changed from Otto and Sons to OSI Group with Lavin taking over as the CEO. Over the years, he has been helpful in expanding the firm’s portfolio. The past centuries have seen OSI Group expand its portfolio into Brazil, Austria, Germany, and Taiwan among other states and more Around 2000, the company started major expansions in poultry operations. The acquisitions later broke into China, India, and Canada. Besides, there have also been several expansions in Spain Toledo where the firm bought a food processing and supplying plant. With the plant in place, the company has acquired additional client base. For OSI Group to be this successful, it definitely relies on the leadership strategies instigated by Sheldon Lavin. Not only has he studied finance but also earned a professional qualification as a certified accountant. With his wealth of knowledge, he makes sure that the company is well positioned to leverage excellent services to clients. Other roles he has played include fostering the acquisition of Baho Foods, a company that supplies food to the Dutch. Heather Russell has brought major changes in the field of banking, thanks to her impeccable skills that he has gained over the recent years. Russell is passionate about innovation and she has majorly focused her entrepreneurship career on artificial intelligence concept. Her contributions to the field are notable through the major successes that she has achieved. Russell started her career at a tender age of 24 and she has today built a vast number of firms to fuel developments in the field of business. She works closely with other entrepreneurs to acquire ideas as well as bring them to life. In her crunchbase profile, she mentioned that she is an expert in the field of financial services and she was recently added to the team of TransUnion firm. Heather Russell will answer to the firm’s executives and she will mainly focus on mergers and corporations of the firm as well as the firm’s government relations, and consumer privacy relations. She has over the recent years displayed a vast understanding of the major basis for success in the field of banking and finance and this has seen her emerge as one of the most sought out entrepreneurs. According to Wikipedia.org, the executives of the TransUnion firm believe that Heather Russell has a great capability to bring changes in the firm, and they look forward to her bringing innovation and invention in their firm. Besides, they have also encouraged the firm’s team of employees to work closely with the financial guru so as to ensure that they all work towards accomplishing a common goal of the firm. Here’s an additional info about Russell. The firm has also paid a close attention to their clients over the recent years and they believe that Heather Russell will of a major benefit to their firm due to the impeccable customer relations skills that she has exercised over the recent years. Besides, the firm’s executives also believe that Heather is a great addition to their team as she will profoundly contribute to the making of informed decisions by the terms leaders. View Russell’s work history here.
Jetlag is a Brussels based duo combining deep, progressive house and UK Garage. Not only are they known for their unique sound but also their dj sets with live violin have a strong reputation. Dali came out as a free download and topped off the 200.000 plays on their SoundCloud page in only one year time. Atmosphere Records decided it was time for Jetlag to come out with their first Original EP. They teamed up with Stereoclip who through his music makes us discover a world of his own. The original Dali has that voice that stands out. It will work on the dance floors as good as for home listening. The Dali remix contains Stereoclip’s trademark with the slow tempo build up, he takes us on a journey through his musical universe. Last but not least Jetlag ends the EP with ‘Something About You’. The marimba riff, the lyrics and the piano set the vibe, touching emotions that every listener can quickly connect to. 01. Jetlag – Dali (Original Mix) 02. Jetlag – Dali (Stereoclip Remix) 03. Jetlag – Something About You (Original Mix) Check the Jetlag Soundcloud: In loving memory of Anthony Heureux.Jetlag "Dali",
Using a degree or diploma is regarded as a very essential sector in our job. Using this as a given, results when attaining a diploma is once again incredibly significant. Within our rapid-paced century graduate students could possibly take care of an issue of which, on account of various issues, have zero prospect or program fine-tuned. Obtain Resume Cover Letter Often times, this sort of position is knowledgeable to on line-established scholars simply because the requirement to complete the responsibility may possibly impede with work, household problems or medical concerns. Generally speaking the grad is provided minimal level of suppliers, that is definitely deficiency of to utilize and cook a nice old fashioned paper. Then your back up prepare shows up. From that point on, formulating a resume cover letter to http://www.games2jolly.com/profile/octaviagroc obtain a go back to support looks to be very good choice. Delivered, alumni end up as an not aware prey to be in a big hurry who require curriculum vitae producing or learning to jot down resume cover letter for curriculum vitae soon get them to call us. Personnel which actually work along with us hold substantial knowledge in engaging in this group of tasks for scholarly schools at virtually any levels. We ensures performing higher-high-quality sales with the very first advantage in addition, which is all the more essential, cheaply. All orders placed our team has supplied is completely one of a kind. You can expect bringing completely new information that passed on programmed anti–plagiarism assessment. Acquiring posting a continue on our web page is unquestionably planning to offer a chance to acquire the best doable knowledge with regard to publishing a continue resume cover letter. Ranging from their 1st year in college or university the graduate students are getting ready to find out how to publish a resume cover letter and keep on which includes to demonstrate their expert certification and goal to work their key. Also for the reason that commencing grads take care of carries on hostility to authoring return to, job cover letter. That really work is carried out carelessly in addition it is almost always created through the night. This predisposition evokes a concern: no matter if the grad is way too slack to pin the blame on as well as the whole entire product is thus far from most suitable? The primary objective of crafting a job cover letter for go back to is legitimate only if your grad properly investigates many referrals and earnings when using the task independently without having keep on creating vendors guidance. Provided with which you use the bits of documents proudly located by way of net-established resources, you will preferable to request authoring resumes than wiping out the time without having any use. Doing a report without any help requests for great a lot of time. Maybe, if ever the conditions happen to be far more good, a lot more grads could possibly have made an effort to prepare yourself curriculum vitae and resume cover letter formulating without the need for service. It is actually seriously not easy to admit and technique 25 and many more personal references or high light each special excerpt when crafting the thesis. On the other hand, the basis of the catch is shown to have yet another origins. A scholar begins a behavior to find in-package device of creating resumes on the internet on the 1st year in higher education. It truly is distinct for anyone who is it’s not more likely to write an abstract of 25 webpages following just about every industry time and situations when getting a college degree. This work load may be pertaining to specialized authoring organization, nonetheless not all the persons have the disposition to quickly learn how to turn into a creator. As soon as the entrance exams are right behind to make certain that whatever you hoped has occured, real world intrudes from the knowing operation and photographs of this alumni once had. In contrast to mastering critical things to become skilled trained professionals, undergraduates start off quite heavy arranging and compelled sleep problems. But there are plenty of extra lessons appeared which teachers publicize to get quite vital. The ones groups should not be regarded as perfect in the future career at any rate, however are pre-identified to accomplishing perfect for increasing on the whole subject matter which have been certainly, handy and not a lot more than the main. If which it ended up only instructional classes which do not necessarily suggest any duties, university students could accept it in some manner, even though every different one of those often consider creating a lot of courseworks that rob you of important many hours. A lot of juniors affiliate university or college entry essay with higher high school projects, however the primary difference between the two is large, like schools entry essay means that a significant clinical give good results, that is certainly not presupposed to easily go on data, but furthermore encompass their own views. These kinds of duties assume dedicating a lot of time. Those that incorrectly are convinced that the top-session approach to total the work will be to download and install it on the web, will somewhat be disheartened because right now lecturers often use some great benefits of society, and for that reason might discover plagiarism online working with selected plans. If you wish to acquire the best outcomes for the entrance essay, from that point to you look to get the only choice produce it dedicating your time and efforts. Having said that, you can actually decide on an alternative choice passing above the job to educational authors who benefit exploration posting businesses. However the most very difficult-working hard and consistent pupils don’t like executing entry essays, which have been specified regularly inside examine. Any scholar is aware that the entry essay is just about the perpetually specified personal forms of project involving lecturers, given that it must be used to figure out regardless of if the grad offers recently obtained expertise within a specific vicinity. Luckily, we are living in XXI century, and then we have the chance to decide on people really small things gotten on the amazing neurological of humankind the online world wherever you will get any achievable issue you prefer, on top of the entry essays head wear will be created at this time. Currently there taken place a lot of online retailers the place where you can delegate the task and get the entry essay for any fairly low cost, a plagiarism-complimentary document of top quality which can assure the finest achievable rating. You will be ably to acquire entrance essay throughout our provider from your site worldwide. Basically, the single thing meant for it is any digital system associated with word wide web. It is sufficient structure a papers on our web site and our repetition will impression structure on you to substantiate the information as soon as we use particular tactic. The most critical inside the moment in time of assigning buy to the document is reference significant demands to the entrance essay niche, sought after duration of conclusion and various other data. Entry essays are completed by company’s specialized group quite swift when needed we warrant that individuals achieve entry essay in lots of hrs, in order to just forget about due date factors.
Some of these cookies are essential to the operation of the site, while others help to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used. Years of translation experience: 13. Registered at ProZ.com: Jun 2004. Became a member: Jun 2006. French to English (Chartered Institute of Linguists, verified) Spanish to English (University of Bath) French to English (UN freelance accreditation (Geneva)) Spanish to English (UN freelance accreditation (Geneva)) Adobe Acrobat, Indesign, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, Wordfast Simultaneous or consecutive interpreting at conferences, meetings and events around the world. Documents relating to development: international development or sustainable development, environmental impact assessments, renewable energy, capacity building, rural development, monitoring and evaluation, international institutions (UN, EU, WB), NGOs. Documents that have to sound good in English: marketing and communications texts, press releases, magazine and newspaper articles, current affairs, tourism Documents from the world of business: management, training, HR, tender procedures (expressions of interest, bid writing and management), company annual reports, social audits, etc. I have been a full-time freelance interpreter and translator for the last 12 years. I also have 15 years professional experience in multinational corporations, working in French and English in International Development, Tourism, HR and Management. I work with Wordfast on all translation projects. A native English speaker, I live in Madrid. I hold an MA in Interpreting and Translation from the University of Bath, an MSc in Politics (International Development) from Bristol University and a degree in English and French from the University of Paris. I am an AIIC pre-candidate, have been a member of the Institute of Linguists in UK and have Certified Pro status on Proz. My competitive rates are available on demand. For more information send me an email or call my mobile. Keywords: interpreting, liaison, conference, simultaneous, consecutive, chuchotage, infrastructure development, public services, sustainable development, carbon trading, NGO, international development, rural development, environment, capacity building, marketing, commercial, literature, fashion, social sciences, proof-reading, editing, communication, journalism, ONG, développement d'infrastructures, services publics, développement international, développement rural, environnement, écologie, rapports d'activités, renforcement des capacités, marketing, communication, tourisme, rédactionnel, littérature, sciences sociales, relecture, journalisme, interprétation, consecutive, simultanée, interprête
If your new motor vehicle has a problem that substantially impairs its use, value or safety, you may have a lemon. A Walton County lemon law attorney can guide you through the process and protect your legal rights. Manufacturers have legal counsel and so should you. The Law Office of Andrew Kleppinger accepts claims throughout the State of Florida. No matter where you are in the State, the wants to hear from you. Bad New Car, Truck, Van or RV? Call (305) 985-0589 to speak discuss your claim. The Law Office of Andrew Kleppinger strives to get clients out of bad motor vehicles without out-of-pocket costs or attorney’s fees. If we are successful, the Firm will recover its costs and attorney’s fees from the manufacturer’s refund or settlement. If we are unsuccessful, there are no fees. Is My New Motor Vehicle Covered? There are many issues that you will need to avoid to make a successful claim. Importantly, Florida lemon law does not cover every problem or motor vehicle. Generally, it covers new and demonstrator motor vehicles purchased or leased in Florida within the last 24 months. There are nuances in the law, however, and the best way to know whether you are eligible for Florida lemon law relief is to speak with an attorney. When is the Right Time to Start Preparing a Claim? Right now! It is never too early to start, but it can be too late. Florida lemon law has many requirements and deadlines. If you delay too long, you may waive your rights. Contact a Walton County Lemon Law Attorney The Law Office of Andrew Kleppinger has been helping people and businesses with Florida lemon law claims since 2010. If you are having an issue with a new car, truck, van, SUV or RV, call (305) 985-0589 to discuss your situation with a Walton County lemon law attorney.
View Article in PDF THE term “hacker” typically conjures up images of computer-savvy villains devilishly clicking and typing their way into unsuspecting victims’ computer systems. Within the software development community, however, hacking has a more positive purpose. “To hack” is to innovate, test, and experiment with computer code to create new, purposeful software for various applications. Livermore has taken a page from the software industry’s playbook, conducting special events during which computer scientists throughout the Laboratory have 24 hours in which to brainstorm, develop, and improve software products. This friendly competition, known as ShipIt days, provides an outlet for developers to explore different software languages and to collaborate with others in their field. “During ShipIt, employees have autonomy to work on software-related products that they find interesting without the added pressure of having to make the project succeed,” says Kyle Dickerson, a Livermore software engineer and ShipIt participant. “The opportunity to be creative with few restrictions helps boost employee morale, motivation, and ingenuity.” By providing a break from regular work activities, the events help employees reinvigorate their software-developing psyche. ShipIt projects focus on either advancing a Laboratory mission or developing a relevant skill, and employees are free to evaluate a wide range of products that may or may not have immediate applicability to their work activities. “ShipIt events provide a venue for rapid code development,” says Katherine Lewis, a Livermore computer scientist and one of the event organizers. “They are a time for employees to indulge in inklings or interests that could potentially lead to programmatic applications.” The ShipIt day name and format are derived from a similar program created by Atlassian, an Australian-based software development company. Two weeks before an event, organizers and participants meet to discuss the day’s schedule, suggest project ideas, form teams, and outline project goals. The actual event occurs over a 24-hour period, but teams are not required to participate the entire time. Toward the end of the day, teams present their results to fellow participants. Xinh Huynh, a former Livermore computer scientist and past event organizer, says, “It’s a little like being on ‘American Idol.’ After the final presentations, the audience votes for the best project. The judges are people we consider Computation ‘celebrities’—division leaders and other high-level managers.” Nearly 80 Computation employees took part in the first three ShipIt days, working in their offices, conference rooms, or the High-Performance Computing Innovation Center (see S&TR, September 2012, Venturing into the Heart of High-Performance Computing Simulations), which is part of the Livermore Valley Open Campus. Events for Global Security and for Livermore Computing (LC) in the Computation Directorate were held August 24–25, 2012, with the competition beginning at noon one day and ending at noon the next. Computation’s Applications, Simulations, and Quality Division held the third event on February 28 and March 1, 2013. Future ShipIt days will be interdepartmental, encouraging an even broader range of ideas. Outstanding projects from the first competitions include a mobile Android application for counterproliferation efforts; a portlet for viewing computer simulation results via a Web browser; and a widget for LabBook, the Laboratory’s internal social network. Software engineers in Global Security are devising applications to navigate and analyze the massive amounts of data acquired in support of counterproliferation efforts. One such application is Element Centric (EleCent), a component in the Laboratory’s Counterproliferation Analysis and Planning System. (See S&TR, December 2011, Data for Defense: New Software Finds It Fast.) EleCent allows users to store, update, retrieve, and analyze critical data, including the location and type of hazardous materials housed at facilities worldwide. It combines an enormous database with Web-based tools for viewing results in various formats, from tabular lists to geospatial maps. A Google Earth plug-in summarizes data in a geospatial display. Dickerson and two colleagues used ShipIt time to develop an app that displays EleCent data on an Android device, such as a tablet or phone. “The GPS component of mobile systems makes an EleCent app appealing,” says Dickerson. “It would allow users to get information specific to their exact location, such as what facilities and materials are nearby that they need to be aware of.” He adds that this type of tool has potential for defense applications and for humanitarian efforts. “Someone working in an active emergency response zone, for example, would be able to identify the locations of facilities in the area and the types of hazards they present.” For ShipIt, team members configured their desktop computers to run Google’s software development kit for Android apps and divided project tasks among members. “Prior to the event, we were not allowed to write any code,” says Dickerson. Over the next several hours, they overcame coding, database, and interface issues to deliver a simple working prototype for their final presentation. “We created a working model that retrieves actual data and displays the results on a mobile device.” More extensive work would be needed before the tool could be deployed for defense applications, but the EleCent mobile app prototype shows what is possible. “We’ve demonstrated that the technology fits nicely into our programmatic work,” says Dickerson. “It offers real potential for our customers.” Project teams are much freer to experiment when they are less concerned about an idea failing. A project by Global Security software engineers Tim Bender and Josh Oakgrove demonstrates how a ShipIt team can change direction and still yield fruitful results. “We started working on a neural network framework for Java that could be used for space situational awareness,” says Bender. (See S&TR, July/August 2009, Preventing Close Encounters of the Orbiting Kind.) “The framework would help users determine the difference between the estimated and actual elliptical drift of an object around Earth.” After finding open-source software for the application, the engineers hacked on that code for several hours until they realized they did not have enough time to produce results with their data set. At midnight, they abandoned their initial idea and started a completely different project: developing a Klout score component to LabBook. With only 12 hours remaining for ShipIt, they decided the Klout score project had a better chance of success in such a short time. Klout scores measure user engagement and activity on social networking sites based on several factors, including number of subscribers. “We had to remap the LabBook data model to obtain metrics for our ShipIt application,” says Bender, who had worked on the social networking site when he first started at the Laboratory. The LabBook developers used multiple programming languages, such as SQL and PHP with HTML, to integrate the existing LabBook with the new model. “By the end of ShipIt, we had a full beta version of the application.” One month later, the application was added to LabBook as part of a routine upgrade, allowing users to view scores that rank their influence on the site. Bender sees the benefits of ShipIt from both an employee standpoint and that of the institution. “These types of events engage employees and motivate them to do something they wouldn’t normally have considered, and that could potentially help Laboratory missions,” he says. The team is already looking to improve the current version of the application, for example, by providing percentile rankings among users. Lawrence Livermore is renowned for its high-performance computing environment and is home to some of the world’s fastest supercomputers and sophisticated software that optimizes these machines. For another ShipIt event, Cyrus Harrison, Brad Whitlock, and Ming Jiang collaborated with Harinarayan Krishnan from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to improve how LC customers access the results of simulations run on the Laboratory’s systems. LC users have access to a personalized Web portal called MyLC that provides a wealth of information on their accounts, such as bank and disk usage, quotas, and active jobs on LC systems. Another application developed at Livermore is VisIt, a visualization tool for viewing and analyzing meshes produced by large-scale simulations. “VisIt is an existing software framework and is quite complex. For ShipIt, our team wanted to expand the accessibility of VisIt by attempting to expose the application in the context of a Web browser,” says Harrison. The team developed a prototype of a MyLC portlet that helps users execute VisIt scripts and receive rendered or interactive views of data sets via a Web browser. For their final presentation, the software developers showed how simulation data rendered with VisIt could be viewed from a mobile phone. “Our proof of concept demonstrates that a VisIt Web browser tool is viable and could be made available to all LC customers,” says Harrison. A production-ready version of the tool, including quality assurance testing and debugging, would require additional time and resources outside the scope of ShipIt. However, the researchers agree that ShipIt allowed them to gain experience with a technology they had yet to work with. Harrison adds that another benefit to ShipIt is the project management aspect. “By having to assemble teams and develop a project schedule, participants get experience in project planning and organization,” he says. The event also provides an avenue for participants to present their ideas to peers, helping employees enhance their presentation skills. Says Harrison, “From my perspective, the ShipIt experience overall is very positive. It provides a venue for employee development and allows participants to innovate to produce software products that have real applicability.” The first three ShipIt events have been a success for both the Laboratory and its employees. “The feedback has been very positive,” says Lewis, adding that Livermore plans to host events two to four times a year. “Support and interest for the ‘hack-a-thons’ continues to grow.” By giving software developers time to engage in projects that tap their inner creativity, Lawrence Livermore is continuing its tradition of fostering innovation. Key Words: Element Centric (EleCent), hacker, high-performance computing, Klout score, LabBook, Livermore Computing (LC), mobile app, MyLC, ShipIt day, social media, software application, VisIt. For further information contact Katherine Lewis (925) 423-8593 (email@example.com). View Article in PDF
The warmth of family, friends and loved ones are brought to memory through Thomas Kinkade’s The Christmas Lodge. Based on his painting, this made for TV movie is rich with the nostalgia and charm of the artwork that inspired it. The story is about Mary (Erin Karpluk) who finds herself at the run-down lodge in the mountains where, as a child, she spent the holidays with her family. Inspired by her grandfather, she determines to restore the building to its former glory, and during the process finds herself drawn to Jack (Michael Shanks), a handsome man who loves the lodge as much as she does. With a history of unbalanced relationships, this chance encounter allows Mary to renew her faith in life and discover her one true love. Karpluk (Being Erica – Leo Award for Best Lead Actress in a Dramatic Series) does a great job carrying the show and emotionally charging several scenes with heartfelt warmth. Shanks (Stargate, Smallville, Burn Notice) played the man every woman seems to want with his masculinity intact. Together they explore the treasures behind true love, faith and family. The Canadian produced film is rated G and has all the charm of a movie of the week for the Hallmark Channel. Its short length (just under 90 minutes) is ideal for the family with young kids who would like a nice family film to watch together for kicking off the holidays. The movie is available on DVD from Wal-Mart and Amazon.com.
I am working my way through Beginning asb,net 4.5 using c# as my preferred language I am having an issue with the DarkGrey theme when using the above browser. The home option on the menu does not behave as expected. The same screen looks ok in internet explorer. I assume there is a difference between the 2 browsers and would like to know how to correct the problem.
Introduction to Classics at Skidmore "Past deeds are indeed a common legacy to us all. But to make proper use of them, to conceive rightly their details and document them with polish is the gift of those who think." —Isocrates Why study classics? Historia vero testis temporum, lux veritatis, vita memoriae, magistra vitae, nuntia vetustatis ....To study antiquity is to study ourselves. The insights of Greek and Roman thinkers, artists, and writers have shaped Western thought for the last 2,000 years. When we read and study classical antiquity firsthand, we gain a deeper and richer understanding of the human experience. "For history is the witness of the past, the light of truth, the survival of memory, the teacher of life, the message of antiquity..." —Cicero The study of classical antiquity at Skidmore trains students to hone their analytical, creative, and literary abilities. It also prepares our majors and minors for careers in the dramatic arts, law, museum curating, medicine, publishing, editing, political science, teaching and business—in short, a solid foundation for life after Skidmore. The interdisciplinary nature of classics is one of the greatest hallmarks of the program at Skidmore. Courses that apply to the major and minor include studies in Greek and Roman language, literature, art, archaeology, ethnicity, history, mythology, political theory, philosophy, race, religion, and technology. The classics faculty teaching these courses include some of the finest lecturers and scholars on campus. Although reading about Hannibal crossing the Alps has its merits, nothing beats studying the antiquities of ancient Greece and Rome in their original settings. We strongly encourage our students to study abroad in Greece, Italy, or England for one or two semesters during their junior year. Classics students live in Rome or Athens, tour extensively, and pursue their studies of ancient languages and cultures in modern settings. Students at the program in Bath, England, soak up the atmosphere of Roman Britain and read either Greek or Latin at Oxford University. Summer programs in Greece and Italy offer intensive six-week studies of the art, architecture, archaeology, history, and literature of ancient Greece or Rome. Classics students excavate at archaeological sites throughout the Mediterranean. Skidmore Classics faculty also occasionally lead students on two-week travel seminars in May to Rome, or to London and Athens, as part of semester-long on-campus courses. Students who have studied classical antiquity in depth have excelled overall in their Skidmore College careers. Classics majors and minors have received the prestigious Periclean Scholar Award for academic excellence, and others have been elected to the national honors society, Phi Beta Kappa, and our local chapter of Eta Sigma Phi, the national classics honors society. Our students also routinely participate in the College's annual Academic Festival and in Parilia, an upstate New York undergraduate classics symposium. Life after Skidmore After graduation, some of our students have earned graduate degrees and teach in high schools, colleges, and universities. Others have pursued careers as writers, journalists, financial analysts, screenwriters, entrepreneurs, librarians, programmers, researchers, scientists, and corporate vice-presidents, just to name a few fields. If you can use language deftly, evaluate evidence that is inadequate and overwhelming, conquer formidable intellectual hurdles, see things in new ways, and communicate your fresh ideas cogently, you are superbly prepared to face the challenging job market that awaits. Classics is one of the best ways for you to develop those skills.
Online Originals offers exclusive content that can be found ONLY on TelevisionAcademy.com. In her own words, Lorraine Hillman reminds us that "You can take the woman out of the newsroom, but you can't take the newsroom out of the woman." After her character died, Ray Donovan’s Paula Malcomson spent a season playing her ghost. For Vanessa Kirby, playing Princess Margaret in The Crown was equal parts thrilling and terrifying. - 1 of 51 - next ›
Successful decision making is based on three key pillars: strategy, law and ethics. After taking this course you will be able to use a practical framework based on these three elements to make successful business, personal and leadership decisions. This course opens with an example of a leadership decision: President Barack Obama’s strategic decision to capture or kill Osama bin Laden. The course then shows how the three elements can be used to prevent a tragedy when making a personal decision. The rest of the course focuses on making successful business decisions. In essence, to achieve business and career success, you must create value (strategy) and manage risk (law) in a responsible manner (ethics). Because the Law Pillar plays a central role in the three pillar model, the course includes practical legal briefings (with many examples) on the key elements of business success. Specifically, the course shows you how to: • attract the best employees, • develop successful products, • create new business models, • protect intellectual property, • create contracts that achieve business goals, and • use dispute resolution processes that improve business relationships. Using a global perspective, the course also provides an introduction to international business culture for learners from the United States, and an introduction to the U.S. business culture for learners from outside the U.S.
"simple and well executed with straightforward menus and good graphics." -- The New York Times Learning to count is as easy as 1, 2, 3! Watch your toddler discover the simple joy of learning as they tap and count along. Designed for young minds and tiny fingers, the gameplay is simple and without fuss - filled with heaps of lighthearted fun and even more room to grow! Children don’t need to sort through complicated menus. Jumps straight into the fun with just one tap! Parents can determine the pace of learning with the customizable options available via settings, including: + The smallest and largest number to play (1 to 20) + Count in order of smallest to largest, or by random + Choose from 10 categories of real life objects A FUN EXPERIENCE Count along and learn the names of all your favourite animals, toys, household objects and more! Learn in a fun environment complete with cool sound effects, clear and pleasant voice narration, as well as positive feedback to encourage and to help young players stay motivated. COUNT AROUND THE WORLD All recorded by native speakers, you can now learn to count in 14 exciting languages. So count away! Includes: English, French, Spanish, Japanese, German, Swedish, Danish, Russian, Korean, Dutch, Portuguese, Norwegian, Chinese Mandarin and Italian. - Child-friendly interface with no complicated menus - More than 130 objects to count along to - 10 categories: animals, transport, shapes, household objects, musical instruments, toys, insects, food, ocean creatures and outdoor objects - Clear and pleasant voice guide spoken by native speakers - Available in 14 languages: English, French, Spanish, Japanese, German, Swedish, Danish, Russian, Korean, Dutch, Portuguese, Norwegian, Chinese Mandarin and Italian. - Fully adjustable game settings - Beautiful real life photographs of objects - Cheery background music track that can be easily switched on or off - For iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad Connect with us! Visit us: http://www.GiggleUp.com Like us: facebook.com/GiggleUpApps Follow us: twitter.com/GiggleUpApps Email us: Support@GiggleUp.com Brought to you by GiggleUp, creators of the award-winning Interactive Telling Time and other educational apps for kids. Our goal is to promote learning through play with the purpose of helping children develop useful learning skills. Our apps have been enjoyed by children and used in classrooms all around the world! - Optimized App - Minor bug fixes Ratings and Reviews My kid loves it I'm buying the $1 upgrade! My 2 year old likes it and it helps with counting. Just have the free version, but will likely upgrade. Simple to use. - GiggleUp Kids Apps And Educational Games Pty Ltd - 83.9 MB - Requires iOS 6.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. - English, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Traditional Chinese - Age Rating - Rated 4+ - © 2017 GiggleUp Kids Apps And Educational Games Pty Ltd Up to six family members will be able to use this app with Family Sharing enabled.
- Recipient of multiple awards and accommodations including the prestigious Williams Champion Award for demonstrating leadership and creative problem solving. - Achieved significant cost savings by championing Office 365 as Williams’ first infrastructure cloud project. Examined multiple financial and architectural permutations to recommend best implementation approach to Senior Leadership. Demonstrated leadership and guided project to convert entire company to Lync (now Skype for Business) and Exchange Online while satisfying complex (very complex) Legal and Security requirements. - Created movement and led effort to adopt an online meeting culture by generating excitement, illustrating cost savings, and performing product demonstrations at various staff meetings and roadshows across the company. - Conceptualized and recommend a walk-up IT service desk at Williams’ Tulsa headquarters. This service desk put a face to IT, reduced resolution time, and significantly increased user satisfaction. Concept was so welcome and successful that it has been replicated at Williams’ other large offices. - Championed, planned and led XP-to-Windows 7 migration project for Williams while minimizing cost to company and impact to users. Project involved testing over 600 corporate apps across a dozen locations and executing a three-year deployment plan. - Excel at presenting technical concepts to non-technical audiences. This was demonstrated as sole Sales Engineer, supported six geographically dispersed account executives, made CxO level presentations, and transitioned customers from design to implementation phase. Appointed as team leader and nominated for performance excellence award. - As Sales Engineer, championed and piloted internal telecom whitepaper program to articulate position against competitors, reduce ambiguity of complex product portfolio, and ease onboarding of new employees. - Crafted long-range information technology plan for global industrial services and publishing company. Plan execution reduced time and cost required to produce monthly publications (digital and paper), hardened security posture, and drastically improved network reliability. Promoted to Director of Information Technology. - Simultaneously managed two off-shore outsourced technical teams, each with time zone, cultural, and skill-set diversities. - Reduced liquid-pipeline manual publication costs by $50,000 per year by championing & converting paper-based library to secure online version. - Reduced turn-around time by 90% by converting paper-based gasoline merchant reports to browser-based system. - Honed communication and presentation skills by teaching classes at a local university. - Asked by Williams CIO to provide unique photography for multimillion-dollar floor remodel projects. Photo work included Williams architecture and IT-inspired works. Lead Architect – Collaboration Center of Excellence (CoE) New position created by CIO specifically for me to continuously look for value-add and improvement projects related to collaboration tools, practices, and adoption. Hyper-focused on simplifying the end-user collaboration experience by standardizing on Skype for Business, leveraging Williams’ investment in existing technologies where feasible, reducing overlapping collaboration tools, and reducing costs. Position requires frequent negotiation between various internal groups who have conflicting priorities and objectives. Position also requires delivering recommendations to Senior Leadership through persuasive presentations, product demonstrations, and financial justification. Stay tuned. Big things coming here…. Client Architect & Messaging Lead Williams Energy, Tulsa, OK, 2007-2016 - Managed off-shore Exchange and Office365 technical team. - Achieved significant cost savings by becoming key champion for Office365 as the Williams unified communication platform. Examined every financial and architectural permutation to recommend best implementation approach to Senior Leadership. - 365 Phase 1: Implemented Lync Online (now Skype for Business) as the first Office365 project at Williams. Project was an overwhelming success which involved coordination between implementation partner, outsource provider, Security and Access Control, Legal, and Learning groups. Faced with cost-savings pressure, made recommendation to implement in-cloud 100% with no on-prem hardware. Started evangelization tour across company to educate and drive adoption. - 365 Phase 2: Leveraging groundwork from Phase 1, implemented ExchangeOnline. Satisfied complex Security & Legal requirements. Designed massive many-to-many migration network to preserve delegate and shared resource relationship during 10,000 mailbox migration. Partnered with Legal to replace Enterprise Vault and implement a forward-looking PST replacement tool. Partnered with Security to start a sweeping AD cleanup. - Crafted three year plan to phase-out Windows XP and received buy-in from Leadership on three-year attrition project to replace Windows XP with Windows 7 on more than 6,000 distributed clients. Plan execution involved coordinating testing of over 600 corporate applications, having a database built to track application compatibility, creating support model to fit within IBM’s back-office and desktop support arrangement, and sourcing a vendor to maintain image. - Set enterprise desktop standard for desktop, laptop, and workstation computers. Continuously evaluate new models and devices to help employees perform their daily jobs. A perfect example of this continuous improvement is the need for serial ports for field users. Mainstream computer makers are quickly moving away from this legacy interface, but Williams has millions of dollars of serially connected field equipment. I initiated a project to find a suitable replacement laptop and worked with field support to test the unit in a live field situation. Enterprise Operations Analyst (Rehire) Williams Energy, Tulsa, OK November, 2006 – 2007 Function as key team member managing operational relationship between Williams and outsourcing partner, IBM. - Identified nearly $200,000 of yearly cost savings opportunities of Microsoft Exchange messaging environment. Conducted in-depth study of current environment and built comprehensive cost model to determine benefits of in-house vs various outsourcing scenarios. Study detailed all aspects of messaging including servers, business continuity, archiving, and hygiene. - Participated on high-profile team to build Disaster Recovery data center. Functioned as EMC RecoverPoint reference. - Serve as Williams Critical Situation Manager for high-profile problems and outages. - Reduced managed data volume and increased speed of nightly TSM backup process by initiating and coordinating various projects, including implementing LTO4 tape drives and ensuring all servers are in proper retention classes. - Crafted server decommissioning process which bridged the functional and political gaps between Williams internal IT and outsourcing provider. Presales Engineer / Product Manager (Web Hosting, Branded Email, Collocation, Hosted Exchange, Dial Internet) McLeodUSA Telecommunications, Tulsa, OK November, 2004 – November, 2006 Owned end-to-end life cycle of Internet & Data product suites. Due to uniqueness of product set within company, I served in a hybrid role that included product management, presales engineer, technical account manager, evangelist and training responsibilities. Served as single point of contact and made daily time-sensitive decisions for all activity involving managed products portfolio. Led and participated on various initiatives during difficult financial times, including: - Managed inventory and sales process of over 100 collocation data centers. - Increased monthly sales of Hosted Exchange product 300% by benchmarking competitors, redefining standard packages, targeting key markets, and training McLeod’s vast sales force. - Earned “Star Quality” certification for product & process knowledge and customer service. - Functioned as contact point for select strategic customers. - Served as search-engine optimization SME on web site redesign project. - Performed extensive financial analysis and recommended the shut-down of several underperforming products. - Led complex project to sell McLeod’s 12,000 dial internet subscribers to bulk dial-up provider. Director of Information Technology Noria Corporation, Tulsa, OK March, 2003 – November, 2004 Responsible for day-to-day operations and long-range planning of all IT functions. Notable successes include: - Avoided costly infrastructure upgrades by negotiating offsite collocation agreement to host all internet facing servers and applications. - Drastically reduced potential data loss by implementing Noria’s first comprehensive data backup strategy with off-site media. - Reduced server downtime 99% by through server modernization effort and implementing Active Directory, Microsoft DNS, and Exchange 2003. - Standardized desktop hardware configuration and software image. Implemented monthly update practice. - Secured budget and overhauled LAN/WAN, implemented remote VPN. - Reduced inbound virus threat by implementing comprehensive virus and spam abatement program. - Implemented technology and workflow process to publish two magazines to digital editions. - Planned and managed project to expand voice and data infrastructure to two-building campus. Williams Communications, Tulsa, OK (Two roles from 2000 – 2002) 1. Sales Engineer Team Lead; Vyvx Managed Web and Application Hosting Generated web and application hosting revenue through technical pre-sales activities. My technical skills combined with business acumen and presentation abilities allowed me to excel in this position and receive performance awards. Activities included: - Meeting with customers and presenting product & service technical portfolio - Articulating product value proposition - Facilitating requirements gathering sessions with customer stakeholders - Driving overall architecture and design process with internal parties - Presenting final solution to customer decision makers - Conceptualized and implemented new services to meet customer demands, including: data security solutions; usage analysis tools; and variable bandwidth pricing. Teamed with engineering to craft “one-off” remote data backup proposal for a national radio corporation. Nominated for performance excellence award. 2. Telecommunications Sales Engineer – IP Business Unit Liaison; Williams Network Participated in all technical presales activity for the IP Network. Engaged with potential customers, translated requirements into a viable Williams Network solution, and presented the final design to decision makers. Served as an interface between sales, product development, and the remaining sales engineers to ensure a single, coherent message was presented to customers. Worked with IP marketing group to ensure future products aligned with customer requirements. Reduced product ambiguity and shortened learning time for new sales engineers by initiating technical document concept. Various Roles (Intern >> Systems Engineer >> Team Leader) Williams Energy/MAPCO Inc, Tulsa, OK (Progressing roles from 1995 to 2000) 1. Electronic Commerce Infrastructure Team Leader & Project Manager Sought, coordinated, led, and participated on various Internet/Extranet projects: - Reduced publication costs by $50,000 per year by championing and converting paper-based pipeline manuals to secure extranet solution. Designed online work-flow process to publish updates via Lotus Notes. - Improved transaction report accuracy and reduced turn-around time 90% by championing and developing browser-based credit card reporting system for fleet management business unit. Utilized Lotus Enterprise Integrator (LEI) to siphon nightly data from Oracle databases. - In the pre-Wordpress era, engineered a method to reduce time and complexity to update corporate web content. Utilizing secure distributed authoring and workflow, for the first time, non-technical CorpComm employees published press releases and posted job openings directly to the Internet without routing requests through a “webmaster.” - Increased server reliability 75% by implementing common-sense maintenance windows, application deployment policies and crafting service level agreements. 2. Systems Engineer (Summer Intern which transitioned to full-time position) - Evaluated modern corporate mail offerings (Microsoft Mail, Microsoft Exchange, Lotus cc:Mail, and Lotus Notes) and migrated company from DaVinci email system to Lotus Notes. - Cut operating costs and increased server up-time by upgrading and consolidating 24 Novell NetWare servers to 10 and centralizing administration to a single contact Help Desk. Created procedures for data center and help desk. - Planned and implemented company’s first Microsoft Windows NT environment, enterprise backup solution and installed system monitoring tools. Master of Science in Telecommunications Management 2000 Oklahoma State University at Tulsa — Tulsa, Oklahoma Masters Practicum in Knowledge Management and Corporate Collaboration Bachelor of Science in Computer Science 1994 Oklahoma State University — Stillwater, Oklahoma
Sheriff K.C. Hamp congratulates Captain Bernadette Logan on the completion of the Certified Investigators Program CONGRATULATIONS to Captain Bernadette Logan for completing 400 hours (10 weeks) of training and graduating from the Certified Investigators Program at the Mississippi Law Enforcement Officers Training Academy on May 17, 2018. Captain Logan is the Training Officer for the Criminal Investigations Division, Patrol Division, as well as, some functions of the Jail. Captain Logan as a wide range of certifications, including but not limited to: National Center for Biomedical Research and Training; Law Enforcement Prevention and Deterrence of Terrorist Acts; Rapid Response to Active Shooting Training; Basic Crisis Negotiation; Domestic Violence Laws and Victim Rights; Domestic Violence Sexual Assault Investigations; Sex Offender Workshop; Police Officers Engaged Shooting and Survival; Mexican Cartel Investigations; Executive/Force Protection Training through the Mississippi Office of Homeland Security; Gulf Coast HIDTA Training concerning Gangs, Drugs and Murder; Courtroom Testimony; Homeland Security Incident Command; Crimestoppers, Mental Health and First Aid; Cyber Investigations, Project Lifesaver; Sexual and Workplace Harassment; ALERT/Terrorism through Mississippi Office of Homeland Security; Interviewing and Interrogation; MS Law Human Trafficking; MS Organ Recovery; Autopsies through MS Medical Examiners Officer; De-escalations/Victimology through the MS Attorney General’s Office; Tourniquet Training; Cold Case Investigation and she also serves of the F.B.I. Task Force. Captain Logan began her law enforcement career in Tunica County in 2008.
“By considering all the ‘evidence ….. the NEB … to make decisions …..in interest … of Canadians. “! A Washington State, EPA funded ,’expert’ study CONCLUDED “…simply…there is no guarantee that RISK increases (in Salish Sea)….. can be fully mitigated.” Also,where is the proposed BC ‘Think Tank’ ‘..is to study the ‘RISKS OF MARINE SHIPPING’ ..in BC waters ? Too little ‘evidence’ was presented…to the NEB… The NEB evaluates technical ‘competence’ of the proposals…The ‘lay’ public make their best effort,likely with cultural/historical anecdotes( but no expert science) to challenge the proposals…. Because the publics’ appeals ,to date,have been ineffective… the NEB is left with no option..but to recommend approval ! It’s still not too late to ask the local/Provincial governments to produce expert environmental ‘hard ball evidence’ …which might give the NEB and Federal government sufficient data to order another study…. to develop a publically acceptable bitumen export plan… ! So far the ‘pea shooter’ counter attack has not done the job..!
Niche Environment and Heritage is pleased to announce that heritage consultant Jessica Cuskelly has joined our Sydney head office. Jessica has a diverse range of experience including research, recording, archaeological excavations and surveys. She has experience in both Aboriginal and historical cultural heritage management projects and has worked in QLD, NSW and overseas. After completing her honours degree in archaeology, Jessica worked in Cyprus as a junior archaeologist on a large scale excavation of a Bronze Age settlement. More recently, she has participated in Aboriginal salvage excavations in Sydney, and has an expanding understanding of cultural heritage management practices in NSW. “Jessica’s professionalism and strong commitment to providing high quality heritage services to our clients make her a great addition to our growing team.” said Renée Regal, heritage team leader. Read more about our Cultural Heritage Management services, or contact us to discuss your project.
Fashion Fun Range-2300GHC - Playground Usage- approximately 50 kids and/or adults - Utilities-water, electricity, place of convenience & cleaning up - Stationary play items-Jungle Gym, 2 See-Saws, 3 Seat Swing, Stand- Alone Slide & House, Merry-Go-Round and 3 Spring Rockers and Pin-the –Tail on the Zebra. - 1 supporting attendant - 1 Marquee to seat 50 people, 4 adult & 10 kid’s tables, 50 chairs (adult & kids) also additional chairs, tables & tablecloths and ice chests are available for hiring. - 1 Fun filled Castle of choice except Rock Climber, Giant Slide & Obstacle Course FREE ITEMS IN BOLD
Roman and greek gods essays: over 180,000 roman and greek gods essays, roman and greek gods term papers, roman and greek gods research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research. Category: architecture greek roman essays title: greek and roman architecture. Art has changed a great deal since it began many centuries ago centuries, however, are not necessary to notice the small changes that are evident even between. Free essay sample on the given topic greek vs roman mythology written by academic experts with 10 years of experience use our samples but remember about plagiarism. Category: persuasive, argumentative, history title: roman vs greek civilization. Christianity vs greek mythology essay greek and roman mythology intro to greek mythology influence greek mythology and its effects on civilization. The purpose of this essay is to identify the differences between the greek and roman architecture of antiquity although greek and roman architecture. History other essays: greek education vs roman education. Early greek and roman medicine 2 pages 609 words december 2014 saved essays save your essays here so you can locate them quickly. Free essays available online are good but they will not follow the guidelines of your particular writing assignment if you need a custom term paper on greek mythology: greek and roman. Essay the ancient greek and ancient roman religion was the belief in gods they had similar beliefs, but also vast differences they came from each other and gave their people a form of. Roman and greek architecture essaysvery little is known about exactly how the roman empire began one myth is that twin brothers romulos and remus settled on palattine hill in about 753 bc. Graves western civilization 10/29/00 roman art vs greek art throughout history art has consistently reflected the cultural values and social structures of individual civilizations ancient. Ancient greek and roman empire essays: over 180,000 ancient greek and roman empire essays, ancient greek and roman empire term papers, ancient greek and roman empire research paper, book. Greek and roman mythology greek and roman mythology in the times of the ancient greeks and romans, there were many things that held similarities as well as things that were. In conclusion, the greek and roman architecture can be used to describe the greek and roman culture some of the architecture styles are similar. This essay example has been submitted by a student we can customize it or even write a new one on this topic receive a customized one running head: greek and roman architecture greek and. An examination of aristophanes' lysistrata as an examination of the discrepancies between gender relations and female subservience in ancient greek society. Ancient greek essays / greek vs roman sculpture in the early and high classical periods, it is clear that the greek sculptors have moved away from the rigid frontal. Greek and roman essay essaysas the greek and roman empires arose vastly throughout europe, new ideas that would change the way the europe and the world would handle things were spread across. A great way to get students thinking deeply about greek mythology or to assess their understanding is by having them write essays this lesson. Sample of greek and roman art essay (you can also order custom written greek and roman art essay. Assignment: part 1: fill in the below table with both similarities and differences of the greek and roman cultures indicate if you are describing a similarity or a difference. Greek and roman culture, although similar, are very different and interesting since the romans adopted culture from the greeks, many traditions are the same. Need essay sample on classical greek and roman theatre we will write a cheap essay sample on classical greek and roman theatre specifically for you for only $1290/page. Assign interesting and thought-provoking essays about ancient roman and greek literature by using this helpful chapter you can use these essay. The greek and roman sports is one of the most popular assignments among students' documents if you are stuck with writing or missing ideas, scroll down and find inspiration in the best.
The staff members of Trinity Designs are all quilters and we are committed to providing the highest level of customer service. We strive to make quilting patterns to help in your everyday quilting projects. The everyday purpose of our company is to glorify God through our business transactions, our work and our relationships. Our shipping facilities are located in Wellington, Nevada. We sit at the foothills of the Sierras just a few miles from the beautiful Lake Tahoe. We are delighted to have you shopping with us! -Marianne Christensen and staff DBA Trinity Quilt Designs Phone: (775) 265-2824
Indian jewelers concerned by the rise of gold prices Gold smuggling has led the Indian government to take several measures, including the plan to make PAN card mandatory for any transaction of gold exceeding the value of Rs. 1 lakh – which equals 100,000 troy ounces of gold. This has raised concern among Indian jewelers who believe these PAN cards will be an obstacle for people to consume, mainly big gold purchases such as for weddings. That's why on 31 March, 10,000 jewelers of Bengal state have given a strike call and will keep their stores closed. Retail business owners reported their worries to the Finance Minister, stating that a lot of gold purchases could be carried out "out of the books". Besides, they are aware that rural and semi-urban population do not have PAN cards, and the government measure will, therefore, hit them harder. One more issue affects Indian jewelers. All eyes are on the next month's holy day Akshaya Tritiya – the Golden Day of Eternal Success. This celebration for Hindus and Jains is an important day that is considered to bring luck, prosperity and success, the most ideal day to start a new business. In other words, a key day for gold purchases. Jewelers bear in mind the current conflict between Saudi Arabia – plus allies – and Yemen, which is already increasing gold prices; and the weakening of the Indian coin, the rupee against the dollar, closely related to gold prices. Nonetheless, not all is bad news. According to the managing director of Gadgil Jewellers Saurabh Gadgil - previous days of Akshaya Tritiya have experienced huge gold purchases – before and after this holy day - even when the price of gold had jumped quite high. Those who cannot wait to create and run a successful business also buy gold but use it to create a personal gold reserve that will guarantee them well-being today and tomorrow! They are the clients of the Emgoldex online store, who buy investment gold bars of the highest quality to achieve a golden success! Share the news about the latest and most interesting events of the gold world! Category: Gold news Publication date: 2015-04-02 08:52 |Gold Fixing | Price History|
Lancashire surge after Cross hundred Sussex 97 for 4 v Lancashire 590 Lancashire, having won their first two championship matches by an innings, put themselves in a strong position to force another overwhelming victory at Hove, as they scored 590 before reducing Sussex to 97 for 4 at the close. It was Lancashire's joint-16th highest score in first-class cricket and their best since 2006. They resumed on 322 for 6 and added a further 268 runs in just 62.4 overs as the Sussex bowlers struggled on a flat pitch. Lancashire scored 122 runs in the morning session alone. Sussex did not take a wicket until 10 minutes after the interval when Luke Procter, who was on 26 overnight, was sharply caught at slip by Ed Joyce off the bowling of Monty Panesar. Panesar was by some way the most economical bowler in the Sussex attack but even he came in for heavy punishment at times and on five occasions the left-handed Procter hit him over the short leg-side boundary for six on his way to 89. It seemed that no Lancashire batsman would score a hundred - Paul Horton and Karl Brown had been out for 78 and 88 respectively on the first day - but then Gareth Cross hit a career-best 125. Cross hit 13 fours and five sixes in his 195-ball innings. He reached his century when he edged Naved Arif for four but it was a rare moment of hesitancy in a dominating innings. Lancashire lost their eighth wicket at 536 when Farveez Maharoof was well caught, low down, on the backward square-leg boundary by Luke Wells. Cross was ninth out at 567 when, having just hit Arif towards the changing rooms for his final six, he was caught at long-on attempting another. When Sussex batted they gave Lancashire a helping hand which the away side hardly needed. Two of the four dismissed batsmen were out without playing a shot and they need a further 344 runs merely to avoid the follow-on. Openers Chris Nash and Joyce had done the most difficult part when they added 46 for the first wicket. But then Nash was bowled by one that jagged back into him from Maharoof. Joyce followed in the next over, bowled as he played no stroke to one that spun sharply back into him from Gary Keedy. Wells was also out without playing a shot, lbw to Keedy. Ben Brown was fourth out at 90, lbw to Glen Chapple.
The critera was 63% and no 10th and 12th there will be a apti paper of duration 1hr.. and will comprise of 3 section Section 1: Ques on data sufficiency Ques on time and work, boat and stream, profit and loss(succsesive discount were given have to calculate the overall discount Section 2: English long passages.... total 4 passages were dere.. out of dem 2 were very short and two were long passages of about 1 and 1/2 pages. try attemptin 1 big passage and 1 small first and if time go for the others Section 3: Ques frm puzzle test (r.s aggarwal non verbal) go thru the logic chapter of r.s aggarwal non verbal its imp was asked in infy also. ques frm codin decodin 2 ques on series were given that 2 binary.....like(1,100,110,1000,1001,1010..) Ques of rank type like (ramesh rank 5th in class frm top and 23rd from bottom so how many students) There was individual cut for every section so try attemptin all d section.. After test 158 were shortlisted for GD Mind it GD round was (main)eliminating round topics were easy... like reservation,beauty vs brain, internet...and all moreover dey allowed us to select the topic also Out of 158 jus 47 were selected for interview. interview was tech cum hr dey asked about ur key skills and will ask from that only interview was easy....but be confident and prepare technical for cse ppl. even ece ppl should know bout dere subjects finally 36 got selected. and remember ur marks are carry fwd i.e everythin matters at the end ur written score+gd+interview..
Mondays, 10 AM CT Tuesday, January 20, 2009 This week we explore the phrase “Not my will, but God’s/God’s will, not mine.” We also wrap up the commentary on the chapter “Spiritual Evolution” from the new metaphysics textbook. Topics included crucifixion, resurrection, regeneration, eternal life, and reincarnation. Finally we launch into an introduction of the chapter devoted to Our Purpose, Divine Plan, Divine Will, and Divine Guidance.
Create a market research plan Now you’ve learnt about the market research process, you can apply your learning and create your own market research. Think of some specific information that you want to know about the customer or consumer for your business. Download the market research plan template and use it to create a plan as to how you might find this information. © RMIT University 2016
The sensitive private information of 30 million South Africans, contained in a massive data breach, appears to have been hacked from a credit bureau. This is according to Australian Microsoft regional director, Tory Hunt, who exposed the leak on Twitter on Tuesday. Hunt is also a security researcher and creator of the website HaveIbeenpwned.com. The website allows people to check if their personal information has been compromised. Earlier this year the site exposed the hacking of Ster-Kinekor's website, which put more than six million accounts at risk, Business Day reported. Hunt said on Twitter on Wednesday that the data breach "is one of the worst I've ever seen on many levels". He said the file date on the data was April 2015 and that it was unclear if it had been exposed since then. Hunt said the database contained names of people, their gender, ethnicity, home ownership and contact information. The data also contained people's identity numbers and other information, such as their estimated income, directorships and employer information. He said on Tuesday that the information appeared to be from a government agency. The title "masterdeeds" led him to initially suspect that it had come from the Deeds Office. However, that theory has since changed and it is believed that it came from a local credit bureau which collects personal information. The Department of Rural Development and Land Reform said they have noted the claims of hacking and the alleged accessing of Deeds Registry information. They said they were looking into the matter. Online publication iAfrikan said the data was still available publicly on the internet for anyone to download and that the information related to South Africans, both dead and alive. The publication named a credit bureau, which has a database of information and consumer contact details, that they believed was involved. iAfrikan also quoted Hunt saying that the data company had "f***ed up" on a large scale. "They've collected an enormous volume of data and I'm not sure if the owners of that data ever gave their consent... They then published that data to a web server with absolutely zero protection," Hunt said. He said there would be huge fallout from the breach. Some publications named data company Dracore Data Sciences and Govault as the source of the leak. But the company told News24 that they were not responsible in any way. The law firm K Jordaan and Associates Inc sent a letter, on behalf of Dracore Data Sciences, demanding a retraction.The letter said that headers and a paste bin link sent to them from the data leak did not refer to Govault. It added that an IP address provided was for a South African real estate business. An analyst also told Business Day the information appeared to be from a credit bureau "because one of the fields was titled CPC (Credit Participation Certificate)". They said the data appeared to be accurate and was from about five years ago. Toby Shapshak from StuffSA said on Talk Radio 702's The Money Show on Tuesday night that the data had very personal, sensitive information and, even though it was from a few years ago, information such as ID numbers and employment history did not change. He described it as terrifying and South Africans should panic because anyone intent on stealing identities can easily access, buy and use the data.
An inspector with a “zero-tolerance” approach to anti-social behaviour will take charge of neighbourhood police teams. Insp Helen Brear will take over responsibility for the Wakefield Central, North West and Rural NPT areas from current inspector Mark Chamberlain on Monday. She said: “We have some great communities across Wakefield and there has been some excellent work ongoing recently to address areas of concern such as anti-social behaviour, speeding and shed break-ins. My key priorities will be to build on this, reduce crime, attack criminality and provide reassurance, in order to keep our communities safe.” Insp Brear worked in the old Wakefield Rural patch from 2009 to 2012, helping to reduce anti-social behaviour by around 25 per cent. She then went on to work as a safeguarding detective.
I’ve never been very good on the teeter-totter. Mostly because my ass is usually way bigger than the ass of the person on the opposite end, ergo I’m usually sitting on the ground with the other person flying high in the air just waiting to totter. Nope, no tottering for you. Go have a cupcake and then we’ll try again. This brings me to balance. Apparently this is a problem. Maybe I’m not the only one, but my dream last night brought this issue to the forefront for me. You see, I had a dream that I was at dinner with several people, and I kept pouring gravy on my plate—so much gravy that it started seeping off the back side of my plate and oozing toward my dining partner who was sitting across from me. It was mortifying. I was so embarrassed that I started trying to discreetly scoop up the gravy with my spoon and place it back onto my plate, which only caused MORE gravy to overflow. There was really no solution because I had caused a lava flow of gravy, and there was essentially nowhere for it to go. (And for those of you who may be wondering, I’m almost positive there’s no way to discreetly spoon boatloads of gravy off of the table with no one noticing. Just sayin’.) I’m pretty sure this was a sign that I’ve been eating like crap. I haven’t worked out in a week, HOWEVER my writing has been gaining momentum. I’ve been inspired, and my fingers have been flying over the keys. BUT I don’t just want fit fingers, so I’ma gonna need to find some balance and get off my butt somewhere in there, too. What’s a girl to do? It’s the teeter-totter syndrome. I have to find a way to balance all the awesome things going on in my life before I start drinking gravy by the pitcher. I’m pretty sure that’s what my dream was telling me.
Our annual street BBQ for local residents was another huge success with a record number of people. It was a great evening to chat with everyone to get to know each other better. It was great to hear of people getting reacquainted after many years, discovering that work colleagues live on the same street and meeting our new neighbours. Many thanks to everyone that volunteered to help set up and to our fantastic BBQ chefs who worked hard preparing great hamburgers and hot dogs. I would also like to make a special thank-you to Magda for all her hard work translating documents and e-mails. A big thank-you!
NSA Department Welcomes COL Uwe Hartmann National Security Affairs MetadataShow full item record The NSA Department extends a warm welcome to its newest faculty member and alumnus, Colonel Uwe Hartmann, phD from Germany. prior to coming to back to the Naval postgraduate School, COL Hartmann as the branch head of principles Military Doctrine and Command and Control of Land Forces at Army Command in Strausberg, Germany and more recently a course member at the NATO Defense College in Rome, Italy. In 2001, he received his Master’s Degree in National Security Affairs (an NSA program) from NpS. COL Hartmann’s teaching interests include NATO, the European Union, strategic thinking and leadership. He has published extensively over the years and has served as the co-editor of Yearbook on the Leadership philosophy of the German Armed Forces (Jahrbuch Innere Fuehrung).
Toterhome RVs are RV toy haulers on steroids. Built on heavy-duty commercial truck frames with truck engines and cabs, toterhomes are sold wrapped in a decorative exterior shell to create a sleek, cohesive appearance. Toterhomes are known for engine power, hauling capacity, storage space and customization options. Toterhomes are the first choice of race car teams and other folks who want to haul heavy toys across long distances without sacrificing power or comfort. Find your next Toterhome for sale from these RVT sellers.
“I inherited a house and was using it for a rental, but I couldn’t sustain with each of the repairs. I'd a tough time… Sandra G. Most likely it’s no shock. Virtually half of usa citizens been given a holiday reward they didn't really want or will not use, Based on an eBay survey printed early in 2017. Selling your home for cash delivers you the freedom to obtain on with your life promptly and cleanly. Pay back your debts, journey or purchase a new car or truck; it's your choice simply because you will have the freedom to select. We purchase houses for cash. Get rolling right now! Get Free, No Obligation Cash Provide It was an actual enjoyment performing small business Using these fellas. I had been happily surprised via the cash I obtained for my outdated, damaged jewellery. Do you've got old, damaged, or unwanted diamond jewellery that you don’t know how to proceed with? If you believe your jewellery may be of worth, bring it for the specialists at Used Jewelry Buyer for an within the place appraisal and cash present. five Explanations your Automobile is Unsafe They sure don’t make autos like they used to—but that’s a... You'll be able to obtain a head begin in knowledge the selling and obtaining approach by going to the following more resources that address usually questioned thoughts and information with regards to our mail-in support for individuals who You should not reside from the St. Louis location. You could be amazed at the value of your things! We are interested in many jewelry pieces, which includes, but not restricted to: Sell my house St Louis right now and get cash and will shut in just seven to 14 times For anyone who is a motivated seller who owns real estate and want to sell now. Any time you sell your jewelry to Applied go right here Jewelry Buyer, we want you to definitely be as educated about the process as feasible to allow a smooth transaction. Our cash present will be depending on multiple variables, including the color, Slash, clarity, and carat fat of your diamond jewelry. Donation Line will pick up your car or truck from everywhere within the St. Louis, MO space, which includes your home, place of work or other location. Providing your car or truck is full we will choose it in any ailment. The higher the ailment the more we spend. Houses Which may be coming to the marketplace quickly but aren't however article source located on the numerous listing services (MLS). They include pre-foreclosures, foreclosed homes and homes which has a Make Me Shift® selling price. Most of these Attributes are only observed on Zillow. Like with most points in everyday life, There may be an upside and also a downside to owning rental Qualities, plus the list... Normally, these are not the very Bonuses best choices. We all know existence could possibly get sophisticated, that’s why we want to arm you With all the expertise to help make the best choices about your assets. Comprehend – *You Do Have Possibilities!* “I desire to thank HomeVestors for your phenomenal experience I'd working with my representative and his staff members. Selling my house by way of HomeVestors was the… Ronald S.
Specifications for Ultra HD Blu-ray discs and playets have now been formally completed, the Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA) announced this week. The BDA also unveiled the official logo for Ultra HD Blu-ray, as well as details on the audio and video specifications used for the next generation disc format. Ultra HD Blu-ray discs will require a brand new Ultra HD Blu-ray player capable of reading and playing the video content, which is now up to 3840x2160 (up from the 1920x1080 of standard Blu-ray discs). The discs themselves will be available in capacities ranging from 66GB (dual layer) to 100GB (triple layer) - these increased capacities means that existing Blu-ray players and reader drives will not be able to read these discs. In addition to the 4K resolution increase, UHD Blu-ray will also incorporate other picture quality enhancement compared to the current Blu-ray format (which was launched back in 2006). These enhancements include support for expanded color ranges, high dynamic range support and support for high framerate movies such as The Hobbit trilogy (up to 60fps). In the audio space, the BDA also announced that UHD Blu-ray will be supporting "next-generation immersive, object-based sound formats", formats such as Dolby Atmos and DTS:X (the specific standard being supported has yet to be announced). There will also be an UltraViolet like "digital bridge feature", that will allow a single disc purchase to enable viewing on a wide range of digital only devices. Licensing of UHD Blu-ray products will start in the North American summer this year, says the BDA, with consumer products expected to hit the market before the end of the year.
Maximum Muscle Definition In One Week Maximum Muscle Definition In One Week Three days outThree days out, boost your carbohydrate intake so you’re around 50 grams for the day, plus the carbohydrates around your workout. This will help refill muscle glycogen levels to prepare you for the day two workout, without leaving you looking smooth all over. The workout for today should be cardio training, bringing the intensity level up a notch. You can perform interval training if you like, but use longer intervals of one minute in length to prevent glycogen depletion at the very high intensity level. Two days outToday you are going to perform another full-body workout, only this time you’ll boost your reps up to the 12-15 rep range, lowering the weight accordingly. The aim of this workout is to get a good muscle “pump,” filling the tissues with blood and decreasing muscle glycogen levels further. This will really increase the leanness and bring out muscle definition. The day beforeFinally, the day before the event you can do some light cardio, but don’t push yourself too hard. You want the muscles to retain some muscle glycogen, since that will keep them from looking smaller. Moreover, complete glycogen depletion will ramp up your hunger levels, making the next two days of dieting much harder. Focus on drinking plenty of water during this time and really watch your sodium intake. Even a small amount of sodium can have a very large impact on your abdominal definition, so try and cut it out as much as possible.
Russian Subway Dogs Free Download PC Game setup in single direct link for Windows. It is an amazing action and indie game. Russian Subway Dogs PC Game 2018 Overview Welcome, comrades! Meet Russian Subway Dogs! We have done extensive, totally legal research in order to fine tune this chaotic arcade-simulation for what it’s like to scavenge for food from Russian commuters. Surviving isn’t easy when you are dodging volatile vodka, rival dogs, and the rare and dangerous Subway Bear! Whether you’re a dog person or more of the feline persuasion, Russian Subway Dogs has you covered. Play as a range of unlockable critters with a whole pack of special guests including: Features of Russian Subway Dogs Following are the main features of Russian Subway Dogs that you will be able to experience after the first install on your Operating System. - A new game from the creators of They Bleed Pixels. - Inspired by real life stray dogs who’ve learned to navigate Moscow’s subway system! - Take on Campaign Mode with dozens of levels and over 100 unique challenges from your boss kitty: The Proletaricat. - Highly replayable Endless Mode with online leaderboards and a score-driven difficulty algorithm that keeps each round fresh! - Featuring detailed pixel art of Moscow’s world famous, ornately decorated subway stations. - Play as your favourite animals from other indie games and comics (full list below!) - From fire and ice to toxic chocolate and cooking wildlife for food, Russian Subway Dogs is full of simulated systems to discover and exploit! - Original Soundtrack by Peter Chapman aka COINS (Guacamelee!, LittleBigPlanet Karting, Modnation Racers) System Requirements of Russian Subway Dogs Before you start Russian Subway Dogs Free Download make sure your PC meets minimum system requirements. - Tested on Windows 7 64-Bit - Operating System: Windows Vista/7/8/8.1/10 - CPU: Dual-Core 1.9 GHz - RAM: 1GB - Setup Size: 256.6MB - Hard Disk Space: 1GB Russian Subway Dogs Free Download Click on the below button to start Russian Subway Dogs. It is full and complete game. Just download and start playing it. We have provided direct link full setup of the game.
|Subscribe | What is RSS| Release Date: September 12, 2013 Contact: Merrith Baughman,e-mail us, 402-223-3514 Back to School – in America’s National Parks National Park Service Helps Teachers Make Learning Fun & Relevant Beatrice - Teachers across the nationhave a new tool to help them engage their students in classroom and place-based learning. Today the National Park Service (NPS) launched a new online service for teachers that brings America’s national parks, including Homestead National Monument of America, into neighborhood classrooms. The new “Teachers” section of the National Park Service website at www.nps.gov/teachers provides a one-stop shop for curriculum-based lesson plans, traveling trunks, maps, activities, distance learning, and other resources. All of the materials draw from the spectacular natural landscapes and authentic places preserved in America’s national parks. “Homestead National Monument of America has long welcomed Southeast Nebraska area students to the park for field trips,” said Mark Engler, superintendent of Homestead National Monument of America. “And now, through the new “Teachers” National Park Service website, all 401 national parks are throwing open the doors and inviting teachers and students to learn about the most beautiful places in the United States and its territories.” Homestead National Monument of America is proud to offer lesson plans for grades K-12 in such varied topics as the Homestead Act of 1862, Frontier Education, Homesteaders, Prairie Animals, Insects, and Plants as well as units on Prairie Fire and Water Quality. Additionally, Homestead National Monument of America teaches on these same topics to thousands of virtual student visitors annually through distance learning. So whether you are interested in visiting the park in person, virtually or reqesting one of our traveling trunks, Homestead has something to offer all teachers and students. The site is searchable by location, keyword, and more than 125 subjects, from archeology, to biology, to Constitutional law. Teachers will, for the first time, be able to rate NPS-provided content. In addition to park-created content, the site also features educational materials created by NPS national programs like the National Register of Historic Places and its award-winning Teaching with Historic Places series of 147 lesson plans. The website is just one part of the National Park Service’s ongoing commitment to education. Every year, national parks offer more than 57,000 educational programs in parks for nearly three million students, in addition to the 563,000 interpretive programs attended by 12.6 million visitors. At launch, the website offered more than 700 lesson plans, 140 field trips, 50 traveling trunks, 44 distance learning opportunities, 16 teachers’ institutes, 47 online galleries, and 100 teacher workshops, and will add new content as it is developed. The site offers teachers the opportunity to rate the materials provided. The National Park Service is also working with partners and educational institutions to expand programs and encourage the use of parks as places of learning. The agency has partnered with the Department of Education to integrate national park resources into core curriculums and, each summer, dozens of teachers participate in professional development opportunities in parks, creating education materials based on park resources through the Teacher Ranger Teacher program. To learn more about the National Park Service’s education programs, visit www.nps.gov/teachers. About the National Park Service. More than 20,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 401 national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Learn more at www.nps.gov. About the Homestead National Monument of America. Homestead National Monument of America is located four miles west of Beatrice, or 45 miles south of Lincoln, Nebraska. Hours of operation are 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. Admission is free of charge. For additional information, please call 402-223-3514 or visit www.nps.gov/home. Keep up with the latest information at Homestead National Monument of America by following us on Twitter @HomsteadNM and Facebook (Homestead National Monument of America).
Morgan’s Point Drug Bust Nets 339 Marijuana Plants Police say a Thursday morning raid on a Morgan's Point Resort home led to the discovery of hundreds of marijuana plants. Officers with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, Texas Department of Public Safety Criminal Investigation Division, and the Morgan’s Point Resort Police Department served a Federal search warrant at a home on Buttercup Loop around 9 AM. A 27-year-old male was arrested at the scene, and seven pit bull dogs were seized. According to Morgan's Point PD Chief Fred Churchill, the home contained an elaborate aeroponics setup in several rooms supporting 339 marijuana plants. Officers seized the plants and growing equipment, along with several boxes of dried marijuana, drug paraphernalia, cash, and several guns. Chief Churchill said some of the guns had been reported stolen and may have been used to commit other crimes. A joint investigation of the home and the growing operation will continue.
We didn’t have any record highs today, but what a beautiful day with sunshine and warm temps. We hit 59 in Portland and Troutdale hit 60. The Dalles and Redmond saw record highs of 66 & 69. It has been quite a run of warm temperatures ever since 2018 arrived; January was the 2nd warmest on record. Only two days in the past 13 have been below normal in Portland! Another interesting fact? We haven’t seen a frost in Portland in the past 36 days! This graphic is from yesterday. Our typical “last frost” of late winter or spring in Portland is around mid-March; that’s what happened last year. So it’s unlikely we’re done with frost, especially since we see a cooler airmass moving down over us over the next 5 days. The 10 days of snow accumulation in late January didn’t do much good, especially when followed by the 4-5 days of warm weather and rain. Most of Oregon has less than 50% of the typical February 7th snowpack on the ground. Most likely streamflows will be below normal this coming summer in much of the state according to the NRCS. Here’s a link to their February Water Supply Outlook Report: https://www.wcc.nrcs.usda.gov/ftpref/states/or/watersupply/2018/WSOR_2018_Feb.pdf There is no significant change in sight right now. The upper-level ridging that has been so prevalent near or west of the West Coast since early January shows no signs of budging. It moves slightly west on Monday, allowing a chilly airmass to drop south over us. But that doesn’t bring more than a foot of snow to the mountains. Check out the 10 day map from the same ECMWF ensembles, then the 15 day map, which takes us into the last few days of February. It’s the same general pattern. If this is correct, February is going to go down in the record books like 2015 & 2016…very warm. It also appears that at least the first half of the month will be unusually dry too. The ECMWF model from this morning produced less than 1/2″ of rain in the next 10 days! Chief Meteorologist Mark Nelsen
The year is coming to a close, but tech startups are just warming up. Inspero Inc. is crowdfunding the second generation of their smart headphones, Vinci. The Vinci 2.0 is making a bold statement claiming to make calls, send messages and listen to music without the need to connect to a smartphone #objectmagic Vinci 2.0 isn’t just a pair of good looking, light (less than 90 grams) earphones; they can sync with Amazon Alexa, taking advantage of 15,000 + skills, while being able to stream music, make phone calls and of course, work as a fitness tracker. Its dozen sensors are able to measure heart rate and keep track of your progress thanks to GPS. There’s also a smart coach in the mix that you can ask guidance from thanks to voice controls. The more you use Vinci, the smarter it gets. Developers explain the use of artificial intelligence here: “Vinci 2.0’s AI works on 2 levels. First, it learns from your music listening habits and physical statistics to make intelligent music recommendations. Second, it uses natural language processing (“NLP”) algorithms to recognize your words and understand your intentions. All of this allows Vinci to recommend music that best matches your query, mood, location, and activity.” To make matters even more impressive, you should know that Vinci 2.0 might be the world’s first headphone set to come with built-in 3G and Wi-Fi connectivity. Even when Internet is down and you can’t stream from Spotify, SoundCloud, Amazon Music or KKBOX, you can listen to songs saved on its internal storage of 32GB (with the 2.0 Super variant). When it comes to internals, Vinci 2.0 is powered by a quad-core ARM Cortex A7 processor with 1GB RAM and stays alive thanks to a 600 mAh lithium-ion battery. Its design allows the earbuds to stay organized and together thanks to the magnetic neckband. Also, on the premium model – Super – there’s a bone-conduction microphone for crystal clear voice recognition, even in the nosiest environments. Gesture control is also available and might come in handy when you want to switch a song for another but you can’t talk loud. The early bird price for the standard version is $89 but if you want the Super version (the one with all the goodies we’ve talked about), you’ll have to pay $349 via Kickstarter.
Read how Transit Wireless became a recipient of industry firm IDC's Smart City North America Award. From New York to California, and everywhere in-between, cities are investing in and adopting technology to make their environments more livable in the modern age: meaning smart, connected and safe. In recognition of the huge impact that smart cities are making across the nation, IDC recently launched its inaugural Smart City North America Awards (SCNAA). Our congratulations go out to our partner, Transit Wireless, for taking home the 2018 IDC North America award for Digital Equity and Accessibility. Thanks to the work done as part of the Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) New York City Transit (NYCT) initiative to improve the transit system, more than 5.7 million folks experience the benefits of a smart city with free Wi-Fi access while traveling by subway each day. How cool is that? The WiCom network that brings smart city technology to the City’s underground subway system, is a project of Transit Wireless , the company licensed by the MTA to design, build, operate and maintain the cellular and public Wi-Fi connectivity in the NYC underground subway stations. Construction began in 2011, and the project was completed an unprecedented two years ahead of schedule, January 1, 2017. Based on a public-private agreement with Transit Wireless, MTA and carrier partners, the estimated 350-million-dollar infrastructure project came at no cost to taxpayers. Curiosity about the inner-workings of a project of this magnitude is understandable; the network operates across all 282 underground stations with a fiber-optic backbone that is 160+ miles long, connecting to five highly secure base station data centers with more than 7000 antennas system-wide. Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise switches handle the large volume of traffic of more than 500 terabytes of data per month and the extreme environmental conditions. In addition, the switches work seamlessly across networks that provide services to AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile and Verizon Wireless customers. You can check out the ALE Transit Wireless case study to get all the details on how ALE tackled the specific challenges of this project. One of the key goals of the project was to address safety concerns in the underground. The dedicated public safety network operating on a 4.9 GHz spectrum, along with 1,200 highly-visible Help Points provide immediate access to assistance at the touch of a button. One benefit of this network is E911 services enabling dispatchers to know when a call is being placed from an underground platform, and can direct first responders to the approximate call locations. Smart cities also provide its citizens with new opportunities and access. For example, the free Wi-Fi available courtesy of the Transit Wireless Wi-Fi network provided subway riders with access to the “Subway Library,” during the summer of 2017, where anyone could download free e-books from any public library. In the city that never sleeps, access, safety and convenience are key. Thanks to the WiCom network in New York City’s underground subway stations, residents, commuters and tourists alike can navigate the underground with free access to state-of-the-art communications technology; keeping us safe, connected, and moving forward— both with our need to be digitally connected and on our physical, daily journeys home. Turn Healthcare challenges into opportunities Don’t your customers deserve your best? Digital engagement attracts and retains customers while providing them with the best on-line services.
Center for Student Involvement News Wednesday, May 2, 2018 - 12:43pm If you enjoy playing video games – you are a hobbyist. If you enter competitions – you are a gamer. If you like to watch others play – you are a fan. Together, all three make up esports, one of the fastest growing industries in the world - playing games such as Counter Strike, Le... Wednesday, March 22, 2017 - 10:21am Kent Student Center Programming, part of the Center for Student Involvement, hosted the 13th annual Rock the Runway on Saturday, March 5. The runway featured 21 collections by 24 designers, many from the Kent State School of Fashion. The Kent Student Center Ballroom was decked... Thursday, November 5, 2015 - 4:13pm Songfest, the annual philanthropic event hosted by Panhellenic Council and Interfraternity Council at Kent State University, will be held on Sunday, Nov. 22, at 6 p.m. in the MAC Center and will benefit the King Kennedy Community Center located in Ravenna. This event is open to... Monday, October 26, 2015 - 4:26pm The Center for Student Involvement invites students to Commuter Appreciation Week, Oct 31.-Nov 3, which also includes a Housing Fair put on by the Commuter and Off-Campus Organization (COSO). Wednesday, August 19, 2015 - 3:15pm The Kent Campus has undergone some exciting changes over the summer. The Center for Visual Arts, which will now hold just about all of the College of the Arts students under one roof, is just about completed and some serious progress is being made on the new Foundations building,... Thursday, April 23, 2015 - 1:31pm Kent State University’s Latino Networking Caucus (LNC) and the Spanish and Latino Student Association (SALSA) will host the fifth annual Hablemos “Let’s Talk” conference on May 1 from 9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Kent Student Center Kiva. Tuesday, April 14, 2015 - 4:01pm Kent State University will host Relay for Life, beginning Friday, April 17, at 6 p.m. and ending Saturday, April 18, at noon in the Kent State Field House. Thursday, April 9, 2015 - 4:22pm The Center for Student Involvement hosted the 37th annual Student Leadership & Honors Awards on April 8th in the Kent Student Center Ballroom. The event celebrates and recognizes student leaders, organizations and advisors for their contributions to the Kent State community... Wednesday, November 19, 2014 - 3:34pm A Kent State tradition for 33 years, the annual Black Squirrel Festival will take place Friday, Sept. 5, from 12-6 p.m. on the Student Green and Risman Plaza. The Black Squirrel Festival, which is hosted by Kent Student Center Programming (KSCP), attracts more than 3,000 students...
The location here is outstanding. Nestled along the banks of the Red River in Fort Garry, Riverwood Square offers most amenities within walking distance, as well as a connection to nature along the walking path in our private, riverside park. Our beautiful landscaped grounds along the river offer a true connection to nature, as many of nature’s own visit along their way. This magnificent building has a personality that boasts elegance, beauty and serenity. Anchored by an internal street that is the heart and soul of the building, the interior is bright and welcoming. There are wide hallways, high ceilings, cultured stone detailing and ceramic tile flooring. The art work and décor are of nature’s earth tones, setting the stage for relaxation and serenity. Attention to natural light is granted with expansive windows throughout the entire complex.
Yes, Faculty Lounge Fascists and Left-Wing Archie Bunkers from the 1960s generation have transformed America’s colleges and universities into churches for irrational thought. Evergreen State is the most prominent example right now. SEE ALSO HERE In my most recent blog post about this increasingly undeniable state of affairs I quoted from and linked to a New York Times item. This time I’m linking to a Takimag item. The link to that Jim Goad piece is below, but first some excerpts: “The school (Evergreen State) bears the dubious distinction of being “one of the least selective universities in the nation with an admittance rate of 98%.” “Over the past couple weeks, Evergreen has leapfrogged over Yale, Mizzou, and even Berkeley to become the most eagerly self-castrating school of higher learning in the US of A.” “This year, due to caterwauling among Students of Color that they felt unsafe on the campus due to Donald Trump’s election—despite the statistical possibility that not a single teacher nor student on the entire campus voted for Trump or even dared to utter one public word in support of him—the Day of Absence’s organizers attempted to flip the script. “Instead of the usual routine, which involved black students effectively playing hooky, white students were encouraged to stay off campus, where they could attend workshops that scrubbed their brains clean of any self-interest and instead filled their crania with wholesome and forward-looking feelings of self-loathing. “This rankled biology teacher Bret Weinstein, a self-proclaimed anti-racist Jewish progressive who at least has the clarity of thought to realize that Critical Race Theory is an ideology rather than an eternal truth.” - And we all know the ridiculous mob scenes and the Witch Hunt that the Democrats at Evergreen State unleashed from there. The link to Goad’s whole piece is below. Be sure to watch the video of George Bridges, Evergreen State’s President – and in my opinion a man with no self-respect or backbone of any kind. At one point the Evergreen State Fascists freak out over the way Bridges is talking with his hands. For those of you not in the know, the irrational, emotional cripples who pretend to be college students in 21st Century America have for years been making a big deal out of feeling “unsafe” JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE MIGHT TALK WITH THEIR HANDS. WHAT KIND OF HELPLESS IMBECILES CAN’T HANDLE SOMEONE TALKING WITH THEIR HANDS? Don’t worry, though, Bridges is such a craven coward that HE OBEDIENTLY TUCKS HIS HANDS OUT OF SIGHT to avoid … doing whatever such a thing does to the brainless students at Evergreen State. Here is the link to the Jim Goad item and the youtube video:
Founded in 2005, Hedge Connection is an established platform that connects financial products and allocators online and through events. Our highly regarded brand has attracted thousands of financial institutions, entrepreneurs, and investors from around the world since inception. The Boardroom is the online ecosystem of the platform that merges our products and our community. "I have been a client of Hedge Connection for several years, and over this time I have been introduced to many high quality investors which has resulted in several making allocations into my fintech fund. Their events are first class and their online investor introductory technology makes an efficient process that has lead to the growth of my AUM." - Warren Fisher, Manole Capital Management We offer comprehensive profiles on hedge funds, fund of funds, private equity funds and CTAs completely free of charge. The place to connect with Deal Flow is in the Deal Room. We invite CEOs, private equity firms, independent sponsors, entrepreneurs and capital providers to source investment opportunities and capital. We understand the power of social interaction, the excitement of discovery, and the need for a state-of-the-art database. What makes our database different? It's personal. We leverage the social tools we use every day so that you can gain deeper, more powerful insight into funds. Now you can harness the knowledge of others to make better investment decisions. Follow Funds, Follow Members, Discuss At the heart of the boardroom experience is your own activity stream. It's real time, relevant, and personal. Now you can share new ideas or articles, upload white papers, and interact with an entire investment community. Fund managers contribute by sharing updates, their latest performance numbers, and investor letters. Each member creates their own customized profile detailing themselves and their particular investment philosophy. Service providers, that meet the investor qualifications, may post details on their products and showcase their firm with a company profile. LinkedIn and Twitter Integration We are seamlessly integrating the two most pertinent social networks for the hedge fund industry into the Boardroom. Member's tweets are directly imported into their Activity Feed and shared with Followers. Members have the ability to import their LinkedIn profile, see which members the are connected too, and who they are not, and make new connections. Service providers can pull LinkedIn company page details and updates to their Company Profile. Hedge Connection has carefully selected a group of professionals from within the hedge fund industry to lead the conversation and activity in the Boardroom. Hedge Connection has a limited number of opportunities for members to lead the conversation in the Boardroom as our Executives. This is an amazing opportunity to showcase your expertise to the hedge fund industry. Please note, for those interested in applying, special consideration will go to institutional investors. Here you will have access to an enormous online collection of materials and videos contributed directly to Hedge Connection from members and industry professionals. Hedge Connection offers a number of opportunities for service providers to become our Trusted Partners and build their brand. We will connect you to a targeted audience both online and through our events.
I recently did some analysis of the BC health care coverage for prescription medications for treating HIV. To my surprise, it would appear that none of them are covered under the provincial prescription drug plan. Why did I find this surprising? Because this is the very basis of the decision by CIC to refuse my original application. But the teensy detail they failed to mention (and I hadn’t fully grasped) is that in order to obtain “free” medications in British Columbia you must enroll in the grand medical/social experiment. In doing so your detailed medical information is provided to the Centre for Excellence for whatever use they deem. Further, as it turns out, the Centre for Excellence maintains a strict policy with respect to treatment options. So if your doctor thinks you would be better served by a different treatment option than the ones permitted she probably won’t even mention it to you because she knows it won’t be permitted by this group. Thus, gaining access to this “free treatment” isn’t part of the health care policy, but rather it is in exchange for agreeing to be a guinea pig in this large medical experiment. It seems to be a harsh basis for a refusal simply because there is a research group that will permit you to trade your medical privacy (so they can obtain something of value from it) in exchange for “free medication”. That sure looks more like the normal arrangement for medical experiments. Thus, it would seem that CIC’s position is that if there’s someone out there that obtains governmental funding for doing research and you might be willing to exchange something of value (your right to the best treatment option for you specifically and your medical privacy rights) for something that might also be helpful to you, then you’re just ineligible to come to Canada in an economic class – well, at least for British Columbia. I wish I had known about the nuances of how the system worked several years ago, because this would have been a rather interesting conversation: anyone who doesn’t want to participate in the experimental study group has no coverage. None of the drugs I checked were covered by Fair Pharmacare, which means they don’t count against the cost limit ($10k maximum, lower amounts based on income). Thus, they cannot create excessive demand. And if someone does wish to participate in the experimental study group they can do so – but it’s a standard commercial exchange. The study group does receive governmental funding, but those funds are used as a quid-pro-quo for something else of value. - Co-ordinating public and private drug coverage (smallbizadvisor.ca) - B.C. health provider and patients file lawsuit over prescription heroin access (vancouversun.com) - Prescription drugs: do they help or create damage? (hrhschronicle.wordpress.com) - Drug-safety watchdog group needs to be protected from cutbacks, NDP says (timescolonist.com)
My Hero Academia Midoriya Izuku ED Cosplay (PREORDER) - The cosplay images have finally arrived! The cosplay clothing will include the dagger, but other accessories are not confirmed to be included or to be purchased separately. There is also an additional optional wig that you can also choose to purchase with the cosplay, and they will be shipped together - so no need to worry about separated shipping times! Size: S, M, L, XL. |Size||Shoulder||Bust||Vest Length||Sleeve||Waist||Shirt Length||Hip||Trouser Length|
Calling all kids in the Winneconne Community! We have activities planned throughout the summer to keep area kids entertained and engaged with others in the community! June 8th: Amazing Race Library Edition - we will meet at Marble Park for this program. Find clues, complete obstacles, and solve puzzles to win the race! June 15th: Community Appreciation Day - Join us at the library to make gift bags to thank our local fire fighters, police officers and other local village employees. We will also build puppy play centers for our local doggy daycares. June 22nd: Scavenger Hunt @ the Historical Society Museum at Marble Park with a very special guest star! June 29th: Sand Castle Building - come to Marble Park and build, build, build. Sand building toys will be provided, as well as the sand! We will award prizes for the most creative, largest & more. July 13th: Team Building Basketball with Troy Buelow at the Winneconne Middle School
I have the privilege of teaching kindergarten in the Harrison School District here in Colorado Springs. My class is special, though, because it is completely made up of students who are learning English for the first time. Although almost all of my students were born here in the United […]Continue Reading → Last Wednesday, hundreds of pastors and lay leaders from evangelical churches and campuses all over the United States gathered in our nation’s capital for a national Day of Prayer and Action for Immigration Reform. Several months ago, national Christian leaders drafted a letter to President Obama and […]Continue Reading → Editor’s note: On Saturday, March 23, we gathered at Malone University for G92 Canton. The day was packed with awesome speeches and workshops, but the highlight and culmination of the day was gathering in downtown Canton for a prayer vigil where attendees stood in solidarity with their immigrant neighbors and prayed for a just […]Continue Reading → Last week, Timothy Dalrymple’s Philosophical Fragments published a guest post by Mark Tooley, president of the Institute for Religion and Democracy, critical of evangelical leaders’ advocacy for “Comprehensive Immigration Reform,” which Mr. Tooley argues is an example of American evangelicalism slinking toward the liberalism represented by the National Council of Churches. Matthew Soerens, our regular […]Continue Reading → “The same law applies both to the native-born and to the foreigner residing among you.” Over the past few months, I’ve been promoting the “I Was a Stranger…” challenge in an attempt to rectify the fact that few Christians – just 12% of white evangelicals – say their faith is the primary lens through […]Continue Reading → I’m tired. With the momentum building for immigration reform, the past several weeks have been uniquely exhausting for me. I’ve worked more hours than I know I should, I’ve been on the road much of the past month, and I’m checking my Blackberry almost obsessively to try to stay on top of […]Continue Reading → Statistics show that 40% – 50% of the undocumented population in the US came here with a visa, overstayed their visas and promptly slid into the shadows. I was one of them. Well, that was until two Immigration and Custom Enforcement agents caught up with me, dragged me out of the […]Continue Reading → I am fresh off of an exhilarating weekend at The Justice Conference in Philadelphia, excited by the growing evangelical movement for justice. From throughout the country and the world, people gathered under the conviction that if we are to faithfully follow Jesus, we must seek justice. The Justice Conference is […]Continue Reading → Editor’s Update (May 2, 2013): G92 is joining other Christian organizations throughout the country in urging you to pray fervently over the next ninety-two days for immigration reform. Please commit to praying & sign up for weekly requests and reminders at www.pray4reform.org. Last week, I was asked to […]Continue Reading → Tomorrow, the House of Representatives will hold its first hearing on immigration policy of the new Congress, signaling that leaders in the House may be as eager to address the topic as those in the Senate or the White House. For the last several years, Congress has done almost […]Continue Reading →
allee de jardin carrelee. This allee de jardin carrelee picture has been authored. You are able to acquire this excellent image for your portable, netbook or desktop computer. In addition, you can easily save this site to you favourite bookmarking sites. How to down load this allee de jardin carrelee image? It is easy, you can utilize the save link or you can spot your cursor to the graphic and right click then pick save as. allee de jardin carrelee is among the pics we found on the online from reliable sources. We attempt to discuss this allee de jardin carrelee photo on this page simply because based on facts from Google engine, It is one of many best queries keyword on the internet. And we also believe you arrived here were trying to find this information, are not You? From several choices on the net we are sure this photo could be a best reference for you, and we sincerely we do hope you are delighted by what we present. We are very thankful if you leave a opinion or feedback about this allee de jardin carrelee post. Well use it for better future posts. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
St Simons Island Real Estate - 139 Shore Rush Drive St Simons Island GA 31522 MLS# 1577544 139 Shore Rush Drive St. Simons Island, GA 31522 Come work with a local Realtor(R)in St. Simons Island. I am here for you! MLS # 1577544 - Residential Real Estate Enjoy privacy and beautiful lake views from this absolute Gem of a home once featured on Cassina Garden Club's Tour of Homes.This one level home with raised and vaulted ceilings features formal living and dining rooms, large family... Call 912.638.6373 and let us show you how great this area is!
Connect with us: No country was selected or the selected country could not be found. Please return to the statistics search and select a country. More detailed data are available at our online data services. CoalCO2 emissionsElectricityEnergy balancesEnergy efficiencyNatural gasOilPrices and taxesRD&DRenewables GlossaryManualsQuestionnairesTrainingUnit converterEnergy data management centerEnergy balance builder Monthly surveys: Oil, Gas, Prices, Electricity Subscribe to the surveys Online data servicesMonthly oil data serviceMonthly gas data serviceQuarterly energy pricesAnnual online data servicesPay-per-view data cards © 2018 OECD/IEA
Dividend Miles No Longer Accepted by American Airlines After January 1st As a part of the American Airlines/ US Airways merger, American will no longer accept US Airways Dividend Miles starting on January 1, 2016. American Airlines is urging all customers to use their AAdvantage number when booking travel, as this will be the only acceptable awards program after the first of the year. If you are not sure how to locate this number, a MacNair agent can assist you. Customers will still earn miles automatically for reservations booked by December 31, 2015 with a Dividend Miles number. Travelers who know their old Dividend Miles but not their AAdvantage number can find it by logging in with their Dividend Miles number here -https://www.aa.com/loyalty/login/submit. When the Dividend Miles number, password, and last name are correctly entered, the new AAdvantage number will be displayed. Please update your MacNair profile with that number.
For this post in our researcher blog series, we decided to examine some interesting examples of researchers integrating the data into their workflows. We also reached out to the six academics who created these examples, to review their usage and collect some feedback (positive or otherwise) about their experience of the data. Three out of the six researchers we talked to said they had first heard about Altmetric from other academics, either on Twitter or through internal communication within a university. This is interesting as it suggests that one academic’s knowledge of a tool can potentially change the behaviors of their peers, whether that’s all the other researchers in their faculty, or all their followers on social media. In last month’s blog post we briefly talked about how academics can use Twitter and altmetrics to keep up-to-date with research trends. However, perhaps it’s also worth noting that conversation surrounding research management tools can itself start a trend, and that being active in such networks can open up a whole world of informative and timesaving possibilities for researchers. Two other academics said they recalled seeing the data displayed on publisher’s websites, and this had inspired them to learn more. How have researchers used Altmetric data online? All the researchers we spoke to had investigated the Altmetric data for their articles, and a few had taken further steps to embed the data in their online profiles. Looking at these examples, it’s clear that adding the data to publication pages or merging it with a unique ORCID ID can add another dimension to your digital identity as a researcher. Because the colours for sources such as Twitter and Facebook correspond to the platforms’ logo colours, the donut is both an aesthetically pleasing infographic and a way of showcasing the online attention papers have received in one easy click. For Steve Davis, adding the data to his online profile saved him time and allowed him to display attention from a range of sources simultaneously, rather than through manual recording; “I have in the past curated my own list of news outlets and blogs that have covered my work in order to track what kind of reaction it was getting”. Davis also said the data prompted him to think about social media monitoring, which he had not been doing previously. James Grecian said he found Altmetric provided “a useful way to curate and link to the media articles that mention my research”, and also commented that he found the badges easy to use. Egon Willighagen found the Altmetric/ORCID app saved time as he “did not have to look up the statistics manually…it uses my ORCID profile to get the DOIs and aggregate stuff”. Researchers who had used the bookmarklet said the data had helped them in other ways. Vincent Scalfani (assistant professor and science librarian at the University of Alabama) said he had used the bookmarklet to view the attention for a short autobiographical commentary he released about his childhood and career progression and was pleasantly surprised about how much attention it had received. He theorized; “as this article is more of a commentary and not a research article, it will likely not receive many (or any at all) official literature citations”. This is a fascinating insight as it testifies to the idea that altmetrics can offer an indication of real-time attention beyond citation counts. It’s also interesting to think about how this feeds in to the idea that altmetrics can capture the impact of more reflective personal pieces as well as write-ups of scientific investigations. Thus, for Vincent, the data solved the problem of awareness, by providing him with readership information for a non-traditional research output. Steve Portugal of Royal Holloway University “used the data in grant applications as additional evidence for the general interest and impact” to strengthen his academic profile in the eyes of funders. Steve reported that the data meant he could showcase his impact and better understand the value of online communication channels such as Twitter when trying to promote research and grow an online network. He said one of the reasons why social media sites like Twitter are valuable for researchers is that “explaining your work to a general audience is an excellent exercise in communication skills”. Brian D. Earp (University of Oxford) added Altmetric statistics to his online CV, in the hope that “those who look at my CV will get a sense that that my papers are in fact being read and downloaded, and how they’re doing along those dimensions compared to other papers in the same journal, or of a similar age etc”. For Earp then, the data became a benchmarking and contextualisation tool as well as a way of showcasing impact. Further use cases: how did the researchers use the data to target an audience? In the image opposite, you can see Jean Peccoud’s attractive and sophisticated laboratory website, which uses the Altmetric API as a way of “providing dynamic and valuable content to the visitor of my site”. Jean said the data helped him “figure out what to read”, by allowing him to gage the level of online attention for papers. Although we never try and suggest that the Altmetric data provides a measure of quality this use case is interesting; Jean used the data to develop a reading list, then added it to one of his web pages, thereby allowing his peers to discover the data for themselves. It was interesting that although the researchers gave a range of responses when asked how the data had helped them, their answers were quite consistent when they described the initial aims they had in mind when they started to play around with the information. Egon Willighagen summarised his motive for using Altmetric as follows; “getting insight on how my research (not just papers, but including those) is used and what people say about it is important to me, and helps me make strategic decisions on where my research funding chances lie”. All six of them said they wanted a way of showcasing the attention their papers had received, whether to get the attention of grant funders (Steve Portugal), the notice of a tenure committee (Vincent Scalfani), or the general interest of people visiting their online publication lists. We also wanted to hear about the downsides, so we asked the researchers one more thing; whether they felt there were any limitations with the data or things they hoped to do with it in future. One of the really interesting responses came from Jean Peccoud: “the score sometimes feels a little like black magic”, while Steve Davis mentioned “the unpredictability of what the service picks up and what it doesn’t”. Vincent Scalfani also said that more documentation on this issue might be beneficial for researchers, posing the idea of “an overview to explain what is being measured, what the data sources are, and how Altmetric fits into measuring research impact”. In our next post in this series, we are intending to lay out the logic behind the score and sources more clearly, so hopefully we’ll be able to address some of those questions then. For now, anyone can visit our support resources pages for some slightly more detailed information on how we collect and rank mentions from different places. In summary then, these responses can tell us a lot about how researchers are using Altmetric right now, and about how they would like to see the tools and support resources develop in future. The feedback suggests the data is useful as you can see who has been talking about your research, and then take ownership of this information by adding it to important documentation and incorporating it into your digital identity. It also seems like researchers welcome the realisation that their research doesn’t exist in a vacuum; that they can compare their Altmetric statistics with similar articles in the same academic discipline. As always, we’d love to know what you think about this post, so please feel free to comment with any feedback/questions you may have. Please get in touch with us if you’d like to request an API key, and visit this page for more information about embedding the Altmetric badges. Thanks for reading!
The advent of Mobile Money Transfer marked the transformation of economic interaction. The success of mobile money transfer systems reshaped Kenya’s banking sector and led to the financial inclusion of 20M people. One of the leading African travel companies, a hotel booking website Jovago.com, gives an insight into how mobile payments ease people’s lives in the travel industry. According to Central Bank of Kenya, the key statistics for 2014 on mobile money transfer show that over 60% of the adult population are using mobile money transfer. This translates to around 26 million Kenyans who actively use this mode of payment. It is worth noting that this concept has gained ground in the travel industry. In the past, cash payments was dominantly the preferred choice this has been overtaken. Local tourists in Kenya can pay for their hotel bookings through Mpesa. It is an easy process with no major complications adding to the simplicity of mobile money transfer. Many companies, like Jovago for instance, gives you the option to use your M-Pesa when making bookings. The way it works is simple. Once …read more Read more here:: Mobile payments in Kenya and travel industry
“This is the most exciting thing I have ever done! I can fly!” OUR PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES We offer a wide variety of STEMS activities and programs. Continuously changing technology and programs allows our students to experience the multiple ways STEM affects our everyday lives. For a full list of our new and ongoing activities, visit our programs page!
December was a very special month for me in terms of family and travelling. I had the pleasure of taking my parents around Europe, then to Dubai, and finally the stunning and amazing Park Hyatt Maldives for 7 nights. Naturally, we also experienced some incredible flights on Austrian, Etihad, SWISS, and Turkish Airlines. Needless to say, it was one of the best holidays I’ve ever had. The Park Hyatt Maldives is a stunning resort – the hotel is located on a private island which can only be reached by a boat from a small domestic airport. The island is stunning and offers peace and tranquility – I’ve never felt more isolated from the rest of the world, which was a good thing. I wanted to make this trip very special for my parents and therefore I was in contact with the general manager of the Park Hyatt Maldives via email and asked if there was anything he and his team could do in order to celebrate a very special occasion for my parents. He couldn’t have been more gracious and welcoming, and surprised us with an upgrade to a 2 Bedroom Park Pool Villa. The base room that everyone redeeming points/certificates is booked into is the regular Park Villa – which is awesome, for a base villa. Then higher above that, is the Park Pool Villa (with just one bedroom), and higher than that is the 2 Bedroom Park Pool Villa. Since there were three of us, there was no need for a rollaway bed for myself as my parents and I had our own bedrooms and bathrooms… luxury really doesn’t get any better than this. We really received the best possible “land” villa (we didn’t want an overwater villa as they get really hot during the day). While I will have a full, extensive review of the resort soon, I just wanted to share with all of you about how amazing this Park Hyatt is… Not only are the staff super friendly and will literally go the extra mile, but the resort itself and every single aspect is incredible – you are literally in paradise. This is the best Hyatt to redeem your points or certificates at… and as far as luxury hotels, it really doesn’t get much better than this. Be sure to check out some of the awesome Travel Rewards Credit Cards, Hotel Rewards Credit Cards, and Point Rewards Credit Cards that are available and will earn you lots of miles and great travel benefits!
SSDA Dataverse is one of the archiving opportunities of SSDA, the others are: Data can be archived by SSDA itself (http://dataarchives.ss.ucla.edu/index.html) or by ICPSR or by UCLA Library or by California Digital Library. The Social Science Data Archives serves the UCLA campus as an archive of faculty and graduate student survey research. We provide long term storage of data files and documentation. We ensure that the data are useable in the future by migrating files to new operating systems. We follow government standards and archival best practices. The mission of the Social Science Data Archive has been and continues to be to provide a foundation for social science research with faculty support throughout an entire research project involving original data collection or the reuse of publicly available studies. Data Archive staff and researchers work as partners throughout all stages of the research process, beginning when a hypothesis or area of study is being developed, during grant and funding activities, while data collection and/or analysis is ongoing, and finally in long term preservation of research results. Our role is to provide a collaborative environment where the focus is on understanding the nature and scope of research approach and management of research output throughout the entire life cycle of the project. Instructional support, especially support that links research with instruction is also a mainstay of operations.
This particular post is a bit of an anomaly. See, I am writing this with just two percent of CMOs/marketers in mind. That may sound odd—why would I write something aimed at only two percent of anything? I get that. I understand why you would question that logic. I questioned it myself before deciding to take this approach for this particular piece. I did so because I felt compelled to direct this squarely at you: the two percent of marketers who don’t think that offline and online marketing are merging. And just where do these two-percenters come from? They come from the report, “CMO Spend Survey 2015-2016: Digital Marketing Comes of Age.” Results were released late last year after Gartner surveyed over 330 organizations on their 2015 marketing budgets and 2016 expectations. Here’s where those two-percenters come from: Now do you see them? If Online and Offline Aren’t Merging, Then What? Since I cannot ask the two-percenters these questions in person (as much as I would like to), I’ll have to settle for asking them here, rhetorically—unless, of course, someone out there wants to take a stab at answering on their behalf. Two-percenters, why would you possibly believe that offline and online marketing are not merging? (highlight to tweet) Do you not think that they should? What possible benefit can come from them NOT merging? Do you not employ ANY online marketing currently that would then explain why it won’t merge with offline? What color is the sky in your world? Okay, perhaps that last question was a bit harsh—my apologies. But it boggles mind that in 2016, this could still be a mindset of a CMO. But Maybe I’m Missing Something Let me take a step back and take a different look at all this. Maybe, just maybe, the two-percenters are those marketers who don’t know how to merge offline and online. Maybe, just maybe, the two-percenters are those marketers who don’t have the right technology to merge offline and online. You think that could be it? Maybe I will try and convince myself that is, in fact, the reason why the two-percenters are who they are. Yeah, that’s what I’ll do. At least that way it will help me make sense of all this and, yes, sleep better at night. Get more content like this, plus the very BEST marketing education, totally free. Get our Definitive email newsletter.
Govt to impose regulatory duties on luxury and non-essential items 27 November, 2015 ISLAMABAD: The government has decided to impose regulatory duties on luxury and non-essential items and announce an incentive package to bring evaders under the tax net to bridge shortfalls in revenue collection. Imports of luxury items have gone up over the past few months and Finance Minister Ishaq Dar is not happy with the trend. Mr Dar briefed the National Assembly’s Standing Committee on Finance and said the substantial increase in imports of luxury items was a worrisome factor for the government and he was working on various proposals to curtail them. The Federal Board of Revenue has come up with a detailed package to generate revenue and the prime minister has approved it. The IMF has proposed Rs40bn revenue measures for bridging the revenue shortfalls. The FBR proposal will have to be approved by the Economic Coordination Committee of the cabinet. The ECC meeting was scheduled for Friday, but it had now been postponed, an official in the finance ministry told Media men. A source told reporters that as per the FBR proposal the government had decided to increase regulatory duty on 287 items, mostly processed eatables, from 10pc to 15pc; from 5pc to 10pc on 14 items; from 15pc to 20pc on around 15 items and from 20pc to 25pc on other products. It has also decided to withdraw income tax exemptions and increase federal excise duty on a few products including cigarettes. The income tax measures are expected to be promulgated through a presidential ordinance. Mr Dar justified the decisions by saying that Pakistan could not get benefits of the low oil prices because there was a considerable increase in imports of luxury items. He said the State Bank of Pakistan has also expressed concern over the rising import bill despite low oil and commodity prices in the international market. The finance minister said the government was willing to offer fixed scheme for income tax non-filer traders to bring them under the tax net. He said he was also willing to create a special block for dealing with the new taxpayers to be brought under the new scheme. The deadline for deduction of withholding tax on banking transactions at reduced rate of 0.3pc will expire on Nov 30. “We expect to reach an agreement with traders on the scheme to make it effective from next month,” Mr Dar said. He said non-filer traders would be divided into three to four categories for payment of fixed amount of tax starting from Rs10,000 per annum with a subsequent increase in coming years. The audit department would not bother them for the next couple of years. The business community has claimed that the imposition of withholding tax had affected around 12 million people, but the minister said he would be happy if 4m to 5m of them came under the tax net. Mr Dar said the tax amount would be fixed on the basis of categories of traders. ‘A’ category would cover big cities like Karachi, Lahore and Rawalpindi, ‘B’ comparatively medium size cities and ‘C’ and ‘D’ small cities. The minister expressed the hope to reach an understanding with traders because they were more concerned with the whitening of capital. “We are ready to facilitate businessmen and resolve their issues based on sectors as well.” He said the government would create a separate block for around 4m new taxpayers. The filling of returns and payment of tax in December would be higher because of the proposed package, he added.
(Refundable) Double, Ensuite, Queen Size Bed SUPERIOR DOUBLE ROOM, * This is a double bedroom on the 1st floor and the rear of the house. * This room is en-suite with a shower room, all our rooms are provided with Egyptian cotton bedding, flat screen TV/DVD, huge fluffy bath sheets, hospitality tray, free Wifi, Alarm/radio/docking stations. A fridge and a microwave are freely available to all our guests in the dining room. Terms & Conditions A deposit of the total cost of booking will be taken at the time of booking. This deposit will be refunded if you cancel your reservation at least 7 days prior to your arrival. The deposit is non-refundable within 7 days of your arrival. - Queen Bed - Broadband Internet Access - Clock Radio - DVD Player - iPod Dock - Tea/Coffee Making Terms & Conditions Smoking is not permitted in any part of the building including guest bedrooms, reception and breakfast room. Where we suspect smoking has occurred in a room we charge for a full deep clean and up to the cost of an extra room night. On making your reservation you agree to accept the following terms and conditions. For ALL Reservations: FULL payment will be taken within 24 hours of making the reservation from the card provided at the time of booking. On booking you will be provided with a confirmation, this will show the amount paid and will be provided to your email address given at the time of booking. * If you have booked with a NON-refundable rate and wish to cancel or curtail your stay for any reason refunds will NOT be issued. * If you have booked with a refundable rate, and have given us more than 7 days notice we will refund the full amount paid. Please note that there are no exceptions to this policy and if you are booking for a number of days you may wish to consider taking out a suitable form of insurance. On booking you will be issued with a booking confirmation. You must notify us of any errors within 48 hours of making the reservation. We are happy to correct any genuine errors within this 48 hours timescale. Amendments are only permitted at the discretion of our management up to 30 days prior to your arrival. During this period we will accept requests to change the date of arrival / departure or the type of room required. Please be aware any increase in rate will be charged at this time. Refunds are not issued if the amended cost of stay is less that the original booking. You may transfer your stay to another person without penalty. On booking you will be provided with a confirmation, this will be provided to your email address.
A Good Woman: Set in the 1930’s on the beautiful Italian Riviera, this film is an elegant, witty, romantic comedy based on Oscar Wilde’s “Lady Windermere’s Fan”. The White Masai: At once a captivating romance and a breath-taking travelogue into the Kenyan outback, The White Masai is an epic journey based on the autobiography of Corinne Hofmann. It tells the unbelievable - yet true - tale of a white European woman who becomes the wife of a Masai warrior. The exotic African landscapes provide a backdrop to a tale that is nothing short of extraordinary. Acclaimed actor, Richard E Grant’s Wah-Wah is a semi-autobiographical “coming of age at the end of an age” story told through the eyes of young Ralph Compton.
Screening of short films and the New York Premiere of Casey Jane Ellison Personal Trimmer Internal Promo and Q&A with Casey Jane Ellison Co-presented by Art+Culture Projects and Red Bull Studios New York, curated by William J Simmons RSVP to email@example.com Lynn Hershman-Leeson – Electronic Diary Part III: First Person Plural Casey Jane Ellison – The New York Premiere of Casey Jane Ellison Personal Trimmer Internal Promo Amy Sillman – Test Strips: Inside the Making of a Cartoon Amalia Ulman – The Future Ahead: Improvements for the Further Masculinization of Prepubescent Boys Rachel Mason – The World Premiere of Heart Explodes This screening represents the truly expansive potential of film and video to engender collaboration and sociopolitical action. From Lynn Hershman Leeson’s work on masquerade and violence, to Amalia Ulman’s hilarious and prescient deconstruction of Justin Bieber’s forehead, we learn that these media have the potential to transform the very foundations of how we view the world. With Rachel Mason, Casey Jane Ellison, and Amy Sillman, humorous discomfort and retro glamor become central analytical tools with which we can rethink art history. Artist and filmmaker Lynn Hershman Leeson is acclaimed for the pioneering use of new technologies through which she deals with issues such as identity in a time of consumerism, privacy in a era of surveillance, interfacing of humans and machines, and the relationship between real and virtual worlds. Her extensive career focuses on the changing relationship between the body and technology which led to her innovative work with artificial intelligence, biological computing, and DNA manipulation including bio printed body parts. Hershman Leeson’s work more recently focuses on the ethical context surrounding genetics. As a film director she wrote, directed and produced Strange Culture, Conceiving Ada and Teknolust, all starring Tilda Swinton, which screened in the Sundance Film Festival, Toronto International Film Festival and Berlin International Film Festival; her ground-breaking 2011 documentary !Women Art Revolution has been screened at major museums internationally. The Digital Art Museum in Berlin and Siggraph recognized her work with the d.velop digital art award (ddaa) for Lifetime Achievement. In 2015, ZKM Center for Art and Media organized Leeson’s solo retrospective Civic Radar with an accompanying catalogue, Civic Radar, distributed by D.A.P., edited by Peter Weibel and published by Hatje Cantz. Her work is in the collection of NY MOMA, SF MOMA, The Tate Modern and numerous private collections. A one-woman cult of personality, the LA/New York-based artist/satirist Casey Jane Ellison has achieved notoriety as a deadpan guide to media consumption, from reality TV to art. Ellison debuted in 2013 as a vacuous fashion tipster in her reality TV webseries “What the F*shion?” for VFiles, and a misanthropic host of a gender-binary-fixated-all- Amy Sillman is an artist working primarily in painting, drawing and animation. She has had an active exhibition record over the past two decades, and her work is included in numerous public and private collections, including MoMA, the Whitney Museum, The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, The Boston Museum of Fine Art, LACMA and The Tate in London. A recipient of many awards and fellowships, she had a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2001, a fellowship at The Radcliffe Institute in 2010, and was a Resident at the American Academy in Rome in 2014. Recent solo exhibitions includeStuff Change which just closed at Sikkema Jenkins, NY, a major mid-career survey show at the ICA Boston in 2013 and the Hessel Museum at Bard College in 2014, entitled one lump or two, and in 2008 a show entitled Third Person Singular at The Tang Museum in Saratoga Springs, NY. Sillman’s bibliography includes catalogues for the retrospective, the exhibition at the Tang, and a monograph on her drawings, “Amy Sillman: Works on Paper,” published in 2006 by Gregory R. Miller, NY. From 2005 to 2013, Sillman served as the co-Chair of the Painting Department at Bard College’s MFA Program in Annandale, NY. She is currently a Professor at the Staedelschule in Frankfurt, Germany. Amalia Ulman (1989) is an airport based artist with an office in Downtown Los Angeles. Born in Argentina but raised in Spain, she studied Fine Arts at Central Saint Martins in London. Her works are primarily voiced in the first person, often blurring the distinction between the artist and object of study. In a multidisciplinary manner, she explores the relationship between consumerism and identity, class imitation and social deception, altruism and empathy. Selected artworks include the trilogy of video essays Buyer, Walker, Rover (2013), The Future Ahead (2014) and Annals of Private History (2015, Frieze Projects); and performances such as Excellences & Perfections archived by Rhizome the New Museum (New York) and exhibited at the Whitechapel Gallery, Tate Modern and Arcadia_Missa (London). Some of her latest solo exhibitions are Stock Images of War @ James Fuentes (New York) and International House of Cozy, MAMA, Rotterdam. She recently released her latest work Privilege at the 9th Berlin Biennale. Rachel Mason is an artist from Los Angeles. Mason has recorded 12 albums,has toured, exhibited sculpture, video and performance at the Whitney Museum, Queens Museum, LACMA, Detroit Museum of Contemporary Art, School of the Art Institute in Chicago, Henry Gallery in Seattle, James Gallery at CUNY, University Art Museum in Buffalo, Sculpture Center, Hessel Museum of Art at Bard and Occidental College, Kunsthalle Zurich, Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit, The New Museum, Park Avenue Armory, Art in General, La Mama, Galapagos, Dixon Place, and Empac Center for Performance in Troy among other venues. Reviews include New York Times, Village Voice, Los Angeles Times, Flash Art, Art in America, Art News, and Artforum. Her rock opera feature film, The Lives of Hamilton Fish. has toured festivals and museums internationally was released digitally in 2016. William J. Simmons is an adjunct lecturer in art history at the City College of New York. He is currently working toward a PhD at the Graduate Center, CUNY. His recent work includes the essay for painter Billy Sullivan’s monograph Still, Looking, as well as “Appearing Differently,” an interview with David J. Getsy published in the recent scholarly volume Pink Labor on Golden Streets: Queer Art Practices.
Soft fibers have come to dominate the upper end of the textured market. With Opalesque, the soft cut pile texture is taken to another level. Using Stainmaster TruSoft fibers of different luster levels we have created a subtle blending that creates a new ki Product Line Name Pattern Repeat Width Pattern Repeat Length Request more info Simply complete the form below to receive our best price.
You probably haven’t complained about high-end smartphone performance for a while now, but processors can always be a bit faster and, more importantly, power efficient. To that end, Arm just announced its latest products destined for future smartphone SoCs. These announcements are aimed squarely at the high performance end of the market, ranging from smartphones up to laptop-class capabilities. The latest additions to Arm’s portfolio are its Cortex-A76 CPU, Mali-G76 GPU, and Mali-V76 video processor for ultra-high resolution displays. As the names suggest, the Cortex-A76 is a replacement for the high-performance Cortex-A75 core unveiled last year, the new Mali-G76 takes over from the G72, and the Mali-V76 is the new high-end option, replacing the V52 and V61. There’s no new LITTLE CPU core announcement this year, so we’ll be sticking with the Cortex-A55 for a while longer. A ground-up CPU redesign Despite the seemingly minor change to Arm’s CPU nomenclature, the Cortex-A76 is very different from the A75. It’s a completely new high-performance microarchitecture design made from scratch by Arm to target higher performance points than ever before. Laptop-class was the term used during our briefing with Arm, but the flexible nature of the design means there’s plenty of performance gains up for grabs in a smartphone form factor too. The headline figure is up to a 200 percent performance gain compared to the current crop of laptop form factor products powered by the Cortex-A73. Compared to the last generation A75 the gains are a little smaller, but still notable. The biggest improvements are for machine learning applications, with up to a 400-percent boost thanks to optimized dot product instructions. A 7nm A76 running at 3GHz improves performance by around 35 percent over a 10nm A75 running at 2.8GHz. On top of that, Arm is boasting a 40-percent improvement in energy efficiency. Some of that obviously comes from the smaller target process node, but the microarchitecture changes are making a difference too. The Cortex-A76 has also been designed so a single core can run flat out indefinitely, while frequency throttling should only kick in for 3 or 4 core cluster configurations in thermal and power constrained products like smartphones. That means more consistent high-end performance for demanding workloads. The Cortex-A76 is still based on Arm’s DynamIQ cluster technology, meaning you’ll see it paired up with the smaller power-efficient Cortex-A55 inside heterogeneous CPU clusters. A 4+4 design is still the likely layout for high-performance products, while 2+6 and 1+7 offer the best performance-to-cost benefits for cheaper SoCs. Next-generation graphics and video The Arm Mali-G76 has next-gen SoCs covered for improved graphics performance. It’s based on the same Bifrost architecture as the G72 and G52, offering a major 1.5x performance boost with this generation at 7nm. Arm has achieved much of this performance boost by doubling up the number of execution pipelines within each core’s engine, which offers roughly double the FP32 and FMA throughput with only a 28-percent increase in area. This means each G76 graphics core is now roughly twice as powerful as in the G72, so chip designers won’t need to include so many to achieve the same performance level as before. This is the same optimization the company made inside its Mali-G52 earlier this year, and the same Int8 dot product support for machine learning applications makes its way across to the high-end processor now as well. Each Mali-G76 core can be up to twice as powerful as in the G72, so a new MP8 configuration will be roughly as powerful as an old MP16. On top of the performance gains, the G76 boasts a 30 percent improvement to energy and area efficiency when built on the same process node. Moving down to 7nm will see further performance gains. This can be used to extend battery life for the same performance as the last generation or be put towards a higher core count for additional graphics grunt. The Mali-G76 can be configured for between four and 20 cores, down from the 32 maximum core count with the G72. Arm expects that we’ll see smartphones core counts in the low teens, with higher numbers reserved for products with larger battery capacities and where thermal constraints are less of a factor, such as laptops. The Mali-G52 fills in the gap for lower end products with smaller core counts between one and four. The last announcement is a new vision processor, the Mali-V76, designed for high-resolution displays. The design caters for up to 8k60 decode and 8k30 encode, as well as multiple 4K and 1080p streams for video walls. It essentially doubles up the performance and capabilities of the Mali-V61. This is certainly overkill for smartphone display resolutions, but will likely find a home in future high-end TVs and higher resolution AR & VR headsets. Arm latest CPU, GPU, and VPU designs will offer some serious next-generation performance and energy improvements for mobile devices. Don’t forget, it’s got new machine learning hardware heading our way under the Project Trillium banner too. We’ll have to wait for Arm’s partners to pick up these latest components before they hit consumer products. The Mali-G76 is available for sampling already and could appear in SoCs before the end of the year. We’ll have to wait a little longer for our first Cortex-A76 devices — they’ll probably be announced in chipsets this year but likely won’t ship in products until 2019. We’ll dive deeper into the CPU and GPU architectural changes heading our way and what they mean for performance gains in more detail this week, so stay tuned.
Time management was vital in Premier Inn as well as any other company. However there were times when employees with shifts starting 2 hours later than mine, will be able to leave at the same time as me meaning that i would be working for longer hours for no reason. Although the team were friendly to me, they were also to easy on the new workers like - more ... myself. I would have preferred to be pushed by my fellow workers to fully understand what it means to work, however they focused too much on us enjoying ourselves rather than getting the work experience we needed to gain. I learnt how to communi ... - less
We’ve said it before and we’ll say it again: there is definitely something in the water in Ireland. An extra pack of zinc ions floating downstream, perhaps? Or maybe some nutritious carbonates saltating along the riverbeds? We are not water chemists by any stretch, but it’s a theory. At any rate, we find ourselves in the familiar territory of promulgating a promising Dublin fourpiece in the form of Leo Drezden, a four-piece proficient combining instrumental math rock with stop-start jazz, punchy disco pastiche and elegant sonic landscapes, stylistic tendencies of which fellow Dublin locals Alarmist and Adebisi Shank are renowned for. In Leo Drezden’s latest release Multi-Moment, however, the hooks and chord progressions have an ethereal almost space-rock flavour. It’s the soundtrack of a hyperstyled neo-noir with an older yet reputable actor like Chris Cooper battling illegal cyborgs and dodging femme fatales. It’s the elevator music that plays on the way to God’s holiday apartment in neo-Tokyo. Overall, it’s damn fun. You can keep in touch with Leo Drezden on Facebook. You can also check out other amazing Irish math bands on our World Of Math Map.
NFL, Refs Reach Tentative Agreement The NFL and and the NFL Referees Association have agreed to a contract that will send referees back to the field this weekend, according to NFL.com. NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said in a statement that the the refs will be back on the field starting with Thursday night’s game between the Cleveland Browns and Baltimore Ravens. The referees will receive their game assignments for the rest of the weekend’s action on Friday, according NFL.com. Fans have been calling on the NFL and NFL Referees Association to reach an agreement since the lockout began in June. Frustration reached its peak on Monday after a missed call cost the Green Bay Packers a win on Monday night. The specific terms of the new contract were not immediately known.
Most Comfortable Womens Socks – If it has to do with our bedding sets, each of us has our own way of locating the relaxation that we need. Some of the bedding sets we use in our bed to make our sleep comfortable are bed linens and comforters plus the right-sized pillows. But beds have various sizes from king size, queen size, double and single. Therefore, you might choose which size you would like for your family. But the typical size for household usage is your king size bed which is the reason why you also need to get a king duvet and king size linens. You could buy this king size comforter at any home store within the mall or at the public market. Comforters also come in various styles and layouts. There are comforters that are has personalized designs like those printed design comforters. You might also choose the correct and comfortable cloths. The very best thing about purchasing king size comforter would be, it might already give you the comfort that you need especially during the chilly season. Whenever you are buying comforters and notably those in king dimensions, you need to think about several factors. Fabric: As what I have mention earlier, it is very vital that you think about choosing the right cloth if purchasing king size so you might get the relaxation that you need when you’re sleep. From its name comforter, it should provide you comfort. When you buy, try and touch the thing that you feel the feel of the cloth if it is smooth and soft and if it feels nice on your skin. If you believe you are happy with it then you might be assured that you bought the right thing. Of course, you only want what is pleasing to your eyes. If you are a few, you could both talk about what design of king comforter you both desire on your bed. But, there are also bedding sets you could buy in the market. Purchasing this in sets might actually save money since they have cheaper prices. If you would like to check prices of bedding sets, you could always check the web for information and for fashion. For sure, you will find a wide scope of bedding sets in the net since there are a whole lot of shops that sell bedding sets.
La Chertosa is named for the magnificent 14th century Renaissance monastery in the Tuscan valley of Farneta, Italy where the Sebastiani ancestral roots began. Here Sam’s grandfather Samuele Sebastiani learned to make wine in the “Old World” style. Samuele came to Sonoma in 1895, and found that Sonoma closely resembled faraway Farneta in three ways; it boasted a mild Mediterranean climate, featured red soils similar to Farneta; and was blessed with gently sloping hillsides. Noting these similarities, Samuele planted grapevines and in 1904 founded Sebastiani Winery, one of the first wineries in California. It was here that both Samuele’s son August and his grandson Sam, learned the art of making wine in the Classic Old World style. "Old World" style encompasses all the instruments to blend and create a harmony of pleasing notes, a style which was much better understood by the winemakers of the old world. La Chertosa wines are made in the "Old World" winemaking style. Sam's experience of forty-six years as a winemaker and more than twenty visits to his family’s ancestral village have influenced his winemaking style, fermentation and aging techniques, creating wines of complexity and finesse. Samuele employed the time-honored techniques taught him by the Chertosinian monks in Farneta, to create in Sonoma, the winemaking style Sam continues in crafting the harmonic flavors in La Chertosa wines.
Northwestern Rural Electric Cooperative Assoc., Inc.Outages: 1-800-352-0014 -option 1 Office: 1-800-352-0014 22534 State Highway 86, P.O. Box 207 Cambridge Springs, PA 16403 Touchstone Energy® Cooperatives is a national network of electric cooperatives across 46 states that provides resources and leverages partnerships to help member cooperatives and their employees better engage and serve their members. By working together, Touchstone Energy® Cooperatives stand as a source of power and information to their 32 million member-owners every day.
The opening 2 minutes from the Shaw Movie! Purchase the full DVD now by making a tax deductible contribution to the Shaw Foundation. The opening 2 minutes from the Shaw Movie! Purchase the full DVD now by clicking HERE. The official trailer offers a glimpse at all phases of Coach Shaw’s life from his early coaching career at Pillow Academy, to his 1995 championship run at Jackson Academy, and the rise of Raider Nation that followed. Coach Shaw was known for preparing incredibly detailed scouting reports. Special thanks to his former players for digging through their personal scrapbooks and archives to find a few of these treasures. We will be posting new scouting reports here as we absorb them into our Every Jackson Academy football player wants to beat Jackson Prep. Wes Slay, member of Shaw’s 1995 championship team describes the significance of JA’s first ever victory over their cross-town rival. Two of the biggest sports stories in the state of Mississippi during the 1995/96 school year were Coach Sherard Shaw’s championship football team and Mississippi State’s Final Four basketball team. Coach Shaw’s time at Jackson Academy spanned 14 years. This document is an internal device being used in the research process to keep key dates and events in focus as the script is written. Brent Johnston (a member of the first three Jackson Academy football teams) recalls his senior year when head coach Sammy Dantone took the Raider team to the University of Alabama Dr. Stephen Lee is a surgeon with Mississippi Ear, Nose & Throat. He is also a 1991 graduate of Jackson Academy high school and former baseball and basketball teammate of Bubba Shaw. It takes resources to properly tell a story like Coach Shaw’s, and those resources primarily come from corporate sponsors. Executive producer Mike Frascogna highlights the benefits to corporate involvement and how it helps benefit the Sherard Shaw Foundation for Pediatric Cancer Research. The producers have deep connections to Jackson Academy and the Shaw family. Coupled with their extensive experience in producing and managing intellectual property, the Frascogna’s were a natural fit for this project. Executive producers Bubba Shaw and Mike Frascogna discuss how your personal knowledge, stories, photographs, and artifacts, as well as your participation on social media can help enrich this project. One of the most exciting elements of the entire Shaw movie project has been released! The “key art” will be used in a variety of product packaging and promotion (including this website). The original photo of Coach Shaw was from his years at Jackson Academy Bubba Shaw of the Sherard Shaw Foundation, and Mike Frascogna of Frascogna IP, announce the movie project documenting Coach Sherard Shaw’s life and the 1995 Jackson Academy football team. The project benefits the Sherard Shaw Foundation for Pediatric Cancer Research.
On Thursday the 18th June the open grade girls travelled down to Dunkirk to compete in the interzones. Our first match was against Northcote Intermediate which was a vey easy game and we won 31-0. Our next game was against Wesley and we thought we were going to lose but we played hard and we won 28-0. After that match we had a bye so we started to practice some skills because our next match was for the semi-finals. Randwick was our next opponent and we managed to keep the ball most the time. Moses and Miss Samson were really proud of us because we won 12-7. We made it to the finals and challenged Viscount which was a rough match and unfortunately we lost. Overall we came 2nd in the tournament and this was good. A big congratulations to Ma’ata for best back, Kathy best forward, Ramona best tackler and Alison for player of the day. On behalf of all the girls we would like to thank Moses and Miss Samson for training us and getting us prepared for the Interzones. It was a great achievement! By Seneti Room 15
A Newcastle gallery is opening its doors to brides and grooms-to-be this month for its bi-annual open day. The Biscuit Factory – shortlisted for Best City Venue in this year’s UK Wedding Awards – will be hosting its wedding open day on Saturday 26 November, 12pm – 4pm. The event is an opportunity to see the gallery’s dedicated events space, The Biscuit Room, laid out for a ceremony and reception. Throughout the afternoon, The Biscuit Factory’s events team will be on hand to talk to guests, one-to-one, about the venue’s unique portfolio of services, The Wedding Collection. Guests can also enjoy a selection of handpicked canapés as a little taster of the in-house catering; accompanied by a complimentary glass of fizz. Tom Gostling, Events Manager at The Biscuit Factory says: “We’re holding our open event on a weekend for the very first time and hope that this new format will enable even more couples to come along and see our beautiful venue first-hand. We love meeting with couples face-to-face, to discuss how we can help make their dream wedding become a reality.” Located within the Ouseburn valley, The Biscuit Factory is housed within a former Victorian warehouse, providing weddings with an inspiring, culturally-infused backdrop that’s characterised by contemporary art collections, wooden beams and original brickwork. Its purpose-built Biscuit Room is one of the largest in the city, accommodating up to 150 guests for a ceremony and 250 seated guests for a meal and party. For more information about the Wedding Open Day, please visit The Biscuit Factory events website at www.biscuitfactoryevents.com/our-news. To book your free space, RSVP to email@example.com
It may be simply set up, but if you prefer an experienced to carry out the work, Modine delivers a professional electrician to put in the device for a really good value. Frigidaire has considering that modified the design on the FFTR1821 series, they usually not promote it as “garage Completely ready”. Though the manual states that it could possibly work in temperatures as little as 39ºFile, some set up Directions say not to put it in places down below fifty fiveºF. I used to be told that there is divice which you can screw into The sunshine bulb socket during the fridge to help make the fridge garage ready. I have a GE model gte16dthcrww. The sector has improved a tad considering the fact that I first wrote this informative article. Truly “garage Completely ready” refrigerator freezers appear to be A lot more durable to uncover, as corporations in all probability Slash charges in manufacturing, and more and more people put refrigerators in garages in a wider array of climates — stretching the authorized definition of what “garage Prepared” means, and forcing firms to test to satisfy a more typical demand. The neatest thing about gasoline-powered garage heaters is that they can be quite inexpensive and might warmth up a home very quickly. Should you have a sizable Area to heat and you may be needing the heat For lots of hrs during the day, then a fuel-powered garage heater is an extremely good dollar conserving option. As in advance of, he understood what we were being seeking and kept in our value vary. The drop was Prepared when he mentioned It could be. The supply driver was awesome. He came when he stated he would and he was really economical. We now have recommended Sheds Unrestricted to our friends and can go back to them if we at any time require Yet another shed. Due to the total staff! You happen to be magnificent! MorningChores participates more info in affiliate packages, meaning we may perhaps obtain commissions if you bought an item by way of hyperlinks on this site to retailer websites. Our editorial content just isn't affected by commisions. Browse more about what we do. Garage Wire @garagewireuk Apr 19 Time is jogging out for you to enter this 12 months's @automechanikaBM "Garage on the Yr" Level of competition - determine all the main points on how you can walk absent with £1,000 below goo.gl/yxWVFr by using @garagewireuk pic.twitter.com/QmeQiEmUIw Function: A lot of steel developing companies center on constructions designed for certain capabilities, for example multi-bay professional garages, factories or agricultural structures. .. I continue to won't be able to believe the driver and "mule" managed it - However they unquestionably did. A couple time I closed my eyes contemplating our setting up was a goner, but, nope it absolutely was put beautifully. Afterward I requested the motive force about it - he smiled and reported only that, "this one was a tiny bit much more click here of a problem." Thank you Sheds Limitless! Observe: In specifically freezing temperatures (nearer to 0ºFile and below), you would possibly really need to warmth the compressor alone to prevent the freon fuel from turning out to be a liquid. Should you’re looking for a refrigerator which will function in extremely cold temperatures inside your garage, you won't ought to acquire a complete new refrigerator. It may be that you just require a Garage Refrigerator Package. You've got the best notion. Dual thermostats may help retain freezing temperatures within the freezer segment, and retain the fridge a lot less than frozen. freezer temperature troubles in the Wintertime months when temperatures dip beneath 55° F. Upgrading your fridge with a Garage Kit will reduce the bare minimum operating temperature of the unit to 34° F.
I haven’t done the numbers on these, but compared to beef burger & fries in a burger bun, this lot wins hands down: - lean turkey mince burgers - sweet potato & chickpea burgers - tomato salsa - avocado & mango salsa - homemade pita The tomato salsa and pitas are leftovers from the halloumi lunch we had. Everything else we prepped this afternoon for a quick cooking after starting the new US version of House of Cards on Netflix. Soph was making the lean turkey mince burgers. It’s a mix of: - lean turkey mince - red onion - fresh coriander - ground cumin - mustard powder - Worcestershire sauce - salt & pepper And then make into patties. For the sweet potato & chickpea burgers I’m basically following this recipe from CookSmarts. I start by roughly chopping the sweet potato then microwaving for 8 minutes in a covered bowl with a splash of water. Even then some were a bit tough… but there’s more cooking later so hopefully it’ll be OK. This goes in the food processor with a chopped onion, 2 tsp of garam masala, a can of chick peas, plus salt & pepper. After some blitzing and scraping down, you’ve got your basic mix. Then I mix in a cup (I’ll let it go in this recipe) of frozen peas. Then it’s making into patties, and into the fridge with the turkey burgers. This gets added to chopped red onion, spring onions, torn up fresh coriander. This has the juice of two limes to it. As limed don’t have seeds like lemons do, you can just roll them on the counter, cut in half, then turn inside out to get all the juice out of them. Soph taught me how to deal with mangos. Start by cutting down either side of the stone in the middle. Then score in both directions, and turn inside out to get a hedgehog, and then it’s easy to cut off the chunks you need. Scoop out the avocado, and then mix together before putting in the fridge. Then it’s into the oven at 180c fan for 15mins to cook through. We checked the turkey burgers had got to 75c internally, and it was time to plate up! It was delicious. All the flavours worked really well together. Spicy and warm burgers and bread, with tangy and fresh salsas. And all pretty damned healthy to boot! We then ate lots of flapjack… :S
There are more than 300 types of parrots around the world. Many bird hobbyists raise companion parrots as pets, attracted by their colorful plumage and high level of intelligence. Popular species include macaws, cockatoos, Amazons and parakeets. Occasionally, a parrot may experience diarrhea. Learn how to identify and cure diarrhea through lifestyle and diet changes, as well as when to contact a veterinarian. How to Stop Parrot Diarrhea Determine whether your parrot has polyuria or diarrhea. It is easy to confuse the two. Diarrhea is when the parrot's feces are a soft, formless mass. Polyuria is very watery feces but the feces retain their shape within the water. Decrease stress. Stress may induce diarrhea in your parrot. Move the parrot's cage to a quiet area. Reduce human activity around the cage. Consider playing a soothing background noise, such as soft classical music. Schedule a routine for feeding the parrot and cleaning the cage so that the parrot gets used to your daily rhythm. Note what you are feeding the parrot, and change the diet where appropriate. Reducing the amount of fruit fed to the bird may encourage firmer stool production. Rotten, spoiled or moldy food can also cause diarrhea. In addition, your parrot may have diarrhea if you are feeding the bird antibiotics to treat a disease or infection. Feed the parrot an enriched parrot food, such as those manufactured by Kaylor or FM Browns Nutrition. Diarrhea may be caused by a nutritional deficiency, such as a lack of calcium. Supplementing the parrot's diet with vitamin-enriched feed may be sufficient to stop diarrhea. Enriched feed can be purchased at a pet store or from an online retailer. Check your parrot's toys and cage. Lead poisoning can cause diarrhea, and lead is found occasionally in various household items and pet supplies. Contact the manufacturer of your bird cage and bird toys to see if there were any recent recalls of the product due to lead content. Take your parrot to see a veterinarian if the bird does not return to normal bowel movements after several days. Diarrhea may be a symptom of a greater health problem, especially if accompanied by secondary symptoms such as feather loss, listlessness or blood in the feces. For example, an internal hernia, fungal infection and roundworms can all cause diarrhea in a parrot. Contact the American Veterinary Medical Association to find an AVMA-accredited vet.
- 1 Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Constable Recruitment 2017 - 1.1 Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Bharati Recruitment 2017 Notification PDF - 1.2 Latest Rajasthan Police Constable Jobs 2017 – Raj Abkari Vibhag Vacancy - 1.3 Eligibility Criteria for Raj Abkari Vibhag Excise Constable Jobs 2017 - 1.4 Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Bharti 2017 Constable Vacancy Application Fee - 1.5 How to Apply for Rajasthan Excise Police Constable Jobs 2017 - 1.6 Selection Procedure for Raj Excise Vibhag Constable Recruitment 2017 - 1.7 Download Rajasthan Excise Constable Recruitment 2017 Notification PDF Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Constable Recruitment 2017 Raj Abkari Vibhag Excise Constable Vacancies 2017 Apply Online: As per the Latest Employment News, Rajasthan Excise Department is inviting the job seekers to fill the vacant posts of 950 Excise Constable Jobs. Individuals who have been waiting for the Defense Jobs in Rajasthan State, Raj Abkari Vibhag Constable Notification 2017 is the good opportunity for them. Since Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Application Forms are not yet enclosed on the official website www.rajexcise.gov.in, candidates need to wait for some more time to apply for Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Constable Recruitment. Once the Rajasthan Police Department updates the application form we will inform on our blog. Candidates can get the Raj Excise Vibhag Bharati Notification PDF on this website. As the huge number of Rajasthan Javan Posts will be enclosed the competition for Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Recruitment 2017 is expected to be high. Therefore, we suggest the job seekers apply as soon as possible after the announcement of the application form and start preparing for Raj Excise Constable Jobs Exam. For more details about Rajasthan Excise Constable Recruitment 2017, follow the below article. Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Bharati Recruitment 2017 Notification PDF |Organization Name||Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag| |Post Name||Constable Posts| |No.of Vacancies||950 Posts| |Job Category||Rajasthan Government Jobs| |Starting Date||Updated Soon| |Last Date||Updated Soon| |Selection Procedure||Written Test, Interview| Latest Rajasthan Police Constable Jobs 2017 – Raj Abkari Vibhag Vacancy Rajasthan Police Department has come up with a new recruitment notification of Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Recruitment 2017. From this notification, Police Department of Rajasthan is recruiting 950 Constable Posts. Rajasthan Excise Police Department will soon update the notification link on its official website. Interested candidates can visit the official website for more information. Name of the Posts: Excise Constable (Javan) Posts. No.of Vacancies: 950 Posts. Eligibility Criteria for Raj Abkari Vibhag Excise Constable Jobs 2017 Job Seekers of Rajasthan Police Constable Recruitment 2017 must have completed their 12th class or equivalent qualifications from a recognized board or institute. - Minimum Age: 18 Years. - Maximum Age: 30 Years. Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Bharti 2017 Constable Vacancy Application Fee Applicants of Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag 2017 Recruitment should pay the application fee to participate in the recruitment process of Rajasthan Police Department. Refer the Raj Constable Notification 2017 for more application fee details. How to Apply for Rajasthan Excise Police Constable Jobs 2017 - Log on to Rajasthan Police Dept official notification www.rajexcise.gov.in - Find Raj Abkari Vibhag Recruitment Notification Link. - Download the Rajasthan Excise Police Constable Notification 2017. - Now Hit on Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Application Link. - Fill the Application Form with mandatory details. - Pay the Raj Abkari Vibhag Constable Application Fee. - Submit the Application form to complete the online registration and take a printout for reference. Selection Procedure for Raj Excise Vibhag Constable Recruitment 2017 All the intrigued job seekers who are applying for Rajasthan Abkari Vibhag Constable Recruitment 2017 will select through the selection rounds conducted by Rajasthan Police Department. - Written Exam - Physical Test - Medical Exam - Personal Interview - Verification of Certificates Download Rajasthan Excise Constable Recruitment 2017 Notification PDF Click here to download the Raj Excise Constable Notification 2017.
Nearly a decade ago, California policymakers, facing a frightening future of shriveling snow packs and rising seas, created the nation’s most aggressive program to combat global warming. The 2006 law mandated broad reductions of greenhouse gas emissions by 2020. Now, as the deadline approaches, Gov. Jerry Brown and Democratic lawmakers are intensifying their efforts. They are crafting emissions-reduction targets for 2030 and 2050 that will be far more difficult to meet. One bill seeks to slash petroleum use in vehicles to levels not seen since Lyndon Johnson’s presidency. Yet as the debate continues, a number of questions remain unanswered. Among them: Will other states or nations follow California in pursuing deep emissions cuts? Will California be able to meet the new targets, and if so, how? What are the total costs and benefits of the programs? How much will the price of gasoline and electricity increase? Here’s some of what we do know: - The state has emerged as a global leader in fighting climate change, despite producing only about one percent of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions. It has created a dizzying array of programs to cut pollution, from reducing the carbon content of motor fuels to capping emissions at large factories. - The 2006 law, Assembly Bill 32, established a goal of cutting the state’s greenhouse gas emission to 1990 levels by 2020. To meet that goal, emissions need to fall by six percent between 2013 (the latest year for which figures are available) and 2020. Brown and other political leaders expect that to happen. However, emissions have fallen only slightly since 2009, when the recession ended. - An executive order issued by Brown this spring would reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030. That will be much harder to achieve. Over the 10 years leading up to Brown’s deadline, emissions must fall up to seven times as fast as during the preceding decade. And emissions would have to fall another 40 percentage points by 2050 if a bill currently before the Assembly passes. - Cutting emissions brings costs. To date, consumers in the state have seen an estimated three to five percent rise in electricity rates, and are paying about an extra dime per gallon of gasoline, due to specific climate-related programs. Going forward, a study by a San Francisco consulting group found that deep emissions cuts by 2030 could carry costs of up to $23 billion yearly. That figure could go higher by 2050, according to the group, which did not tally the health benefits of cleaner air or the climate benefits of lower emissions. - Despite the pioneering policies, emissions have fallen more slowly in the state than in the rest of the nation. Greenhouse gas emissions in California dropped by 7 percent from their peak in 2004 to 2013, compared to 9 percent nationwide over the same period. Reducing emissions is harder here because the state’s economy is already relatively energy-frugal. When AB 32 passed, establishing the nation’s first broad plan for cutting greenhouse gas emissions, environmentalists hoped the action would touch off a revolution. The target established by the law was ambitious, especially considering the continuing population and economic growth. It built on an earlier groundbreaking bill to reduce the greenhouse gases in car exhaust. “We realized under AB 32 and the car bill, we’re not just talking about polar bears and arctic ice caps but this was real impacts to California,” said Sen. Fran Pavley, D-Agoura Hills, an author of both bills. Melting mountain snows, rising seas, and poor health resulting from warmer temperatures — all resonated with Californians, she said. At a signing ceremony for AB 32 on San Francisco’s Treasure Island, then-Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger predicted that major nations like Mexico, Brazil, China and India would join the fight against climate change. So would the federal government. “Trust me,” Schwarzenegger said to applause, as international flags fluttered behind him in the breeze. “I am convinced of that, that this will happen, because nothing is more important than protecting our planet.” Change did not come as swiftly as Pavley and Schwarzenegger had hoped. Democrats and some Republicans in Congress tried to pass a bill that would cap greenhouse gas emissions nationally, but it failed. Pavley’s effort to clean up cars’ tailpipes did eventually become the basis of a national policy. But federal rules on climate change still lack the breadth of California’s. Nations like China and Brazil have also moved slowly, at least until recently. But the state has forged ahead, still hoping to sow inspiration beyond its borders. To stop climate change, the whole world — not just California — must participate. As Brown travels to the Vatican this week and to a major United Nations climate change summit in Paris in December, he will surely argue that if one of the world’s largest economies can slash emissions, others can too. A kaleidoscope of programs has arisen to accelerate California’s shift to a clean economy. The broadest and perhaps most controversial of these is a cap-and-trade policy, which subjects the state’s most-polluting companies to a cap on their greenhouse gas emissions and allows them to trade credits to pollute. The California Chamber of Commerce has challenged the legality of a key feature of the program. The state has prevailed so far, but the lawsuit is working its way through an appeal. Other policies for cutting greenhouse gas emissions include a requirement for most electricity providers to get 33 percent of their energy from renewable source, such as wind farms and solar arrays by 2020, and a low-carbon fuel standard that requires producers of fuels like gasoline and diesel to make their products 10 percent less carbon-intensive by 2020. Many other programs also exist, including goals making buildings more energy efficient, increasing the number of electric vehicles and maximizing the use of public transportation. These rules, arcane and complex, remain largely invisible to Californians. But they result in slightly increased prices, notably at the gas pump, where economists say the cap-and-trade program has added roughly a dime to each gallon since the beginning of this year. Electric bills are also rising. The state’s Public Utilities Commission estimates that electric power rates have increased by three to five percent due to the renewable energy requirements. “I wish we could mark on a nice spreadsheet the incremental cost for every regulation,” said Tupper Hull, vice-president of the Western States Petroleum Association. It is difficult to find companies that have left the state specifically because of climate policies, as opposed to California’s broad basket of regulations. But industry groups and their advocates predict this will happen in the future, as policies grow stricter. “Energy cost in the state will necessarily rise, and that will create challenges for retaining employment,” said Robert Wyman, Jr., a Los Angeles-based partner at the firm Latham & Watkins, who represents many business clients. He argues that California’s system of interlocking policies has made compliance more expensive than it would be under a single, market-oriented system, like cap-and-trade. California officials do not know how much their climate rules have cost or saved. The Air Resources Board, the state regulatory body that oversees the greenhouse gas reductions, stated in a key document last year that the law’s impact on economic growth remains unknown. Some years earlier, a knot of studies estimated that California’s gross state product could see anywhere from a 1 percent gain to a 2.2 percent decline as a result of AB 32. The models differed in their assumptions, such as how they forecast the pace of technological change. Proponents of AB 32 say that in addition to cleaning the air, the law has contributed to a vibrant clean-energy industry that is innovating with startling speed. A survey released in December by the Advanced Energy Economy Institute, an environmental organization co-founded by the billionaire and clean-energy activist Tom Steyer, found that employment in the state’s clean-energy sectors like solar and wind, along with nuclear and natural gas electricity generation, rose by five percent over the prior year. Another recent study, funded by the environmental innovation nonprofit Next 10, argues that using less gasoline (as electric and hybrid cars make possible) should free up spending and create jobs. Mary Nichols, chair of the Air Resources Board, noted in an interview that jobs and investment are increasing in California. “We look at that happening at the same time that the cap and trade program has been in effect and we say, “‘What’s the problem?’” she said. The long-term future of California’s greenhouse gas programs lies in two bills that have passed the state Senate and are being evaluated this summer by the Assembly. Senate Bill 350 aims at three pieces of the energy puzzle — petroleum, electricity and buildings. It seeks to cut petroleum use in motor vehicles by 50 percent (a very difficult target, analysts agree), boost electric utilities’ reliance on renewable energy to 50 percent, and double the energy efficiency in buildings – all by the year 2030. Senate Bill 32 would require the state to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 80 percent below 1990 levels by mid-century. It would codify into law an executive order issued by Schwarzenegger, a step that helps ensure that the goal is binding. The long-term targets are drawn from international climate science: If large nations cut their emissions that sharply, scientists believe it can limit the world’s warming. What programs California will use to meet these tougher targets remains uncertain, though Democratic political leaders stress that they will bring more green jobs to the state and reduce unhealthy air pollution. “Unless we do something, our economy will be severely damaged,” said state Senate leader Kevin de León, D-Los Angeles, who co-authored SB 350. “The public health of our children will be severely impaired.” An illuminating view came from a study this spring by Energy and Environmental Economics (E3), a San Francisco-based consulting group hired by the state to evaluate future greenhouse gas reductions. To reduce emissions by 26 to 38 percent below 1990 levels by 2030 — a level not quite as ambitious as the 40 percent reduction recently ordered by Brown — the group forecast a range of results, from savings of $8 billion to costs of $23 billion per year. (E3’s projections are in 2012 dollars.) A cut of 33 percent by 2030 could cost about $50 per Californian per year, the study found. To meet those future goals, the model incorporated some technologies only minimally in use today, such as increased reliance on renewable diesel, according to Amber Mahone, director of climate policy analysis at E3. It also assumed that new or expanded regulations would be needed. For example, the analysis factored in more capture of the potent greenhouse gas methane from manure at California’s dairy farms, a sector that, for now, largely falls outside mandatory regulations. The impact of reaching the tougher targets of slashing greenhouse gas emissions to 80 percent below 1990 levels, the E3 study found, could range from a savings of around $15 billion to costs of almost $100 billion yearly, under a scenario in which emissions fall at a steady rate. This projection is highly uncertain, Mahone emphasized. On the human level, modeling by Bloomberg New Energy Finance, an analysis firm, found that the cap-and-trade program could raise gasoline prices by 22 cents a gallon by 2025, though there is an outside chance of prices increasing by as much as 50 cents a gallon, according to Colleen Regan, a senior analyst with the firm for North American power and environmental markets. However, Californians should need less gas as cars become more fuel-efficient or electric. Many of these numbers are hazy predictions. What is clear is that meeting long-term targets will be difficult. In the words of a state plan on climate change released last year, “Progressing toward California’s long-term climate goals will require that greenhouse gas reduction rates be significantly accelerated.” Not only must the emissions reductions come faster in the future, but the reductions may also be harder. That is evident already. California has not been able to bring down its greenhouse gas emissions as quickly as the nation in recent years, as a comparison between state and federal inventories shows. Indeed, the data hint at difficulties ahead. Gasoline sales are ticking up. Emissions have been largely flat since falling steeply in 2008-9 as the recession hit, though state officials and outside analysts expect that future reductions, brought about by programs just starting to have an impact, will be sufficient to meet or exceed the 2020 goals. “On greenhouse gas emissions, California has always been an A student,” said Ashley Lawson, a senior carbon analyst at Thomson Reuters. “So to perform any better, you have to work really, really hard to go from an A to an A plus.” The rest of the country, which is replacing coal-fired power plants with less-polluting natural gas plants, “was able to go from a C to a B, with almost no effort at all,” she said. Critics like the Chamber of Commerce say that the drastic emissions measures planned for the future could harm the economy and take away jobs. Supporters counter that past sky-is-falling projections have not come to pass, and that technological innovation is speeding up. When Schwarzenegger signed AB 32, above the howls of industry groups, electric cars had barely begun to hit the roadways, and a rooftop’s worth of solar panels cost more than a year at a private college. Prices have fallen rapidly since then, and California is getting cleaner. The question for the future is whether it can get clean enough.
Year after year Rogersville’s historic downtown district provide a welcoming festival setting for Heritage Days – a traditional community celebration of Rogersville’s unique heritage. The festival showcases traditional music, storytellers, and dancers, special activities for Children, demonstrations of pioneer skills, antique quilts, cars and farm equipment, a juried craft show, and a food court to delight everyone! Heritage Days 2016 will be held October 14th, 15th and 16th. Friday nights activities include the costumed children’s parade, the Chili Cook-off in the Hale Springs Inn courtyard, and the antique car cruise-in.Please note that craft booths and shows will not be open on Friday evening. Saturday & Sunday are devoted to activities to please everyone, including: - Over 100 juried craft artists offering a wide variety of lovely hand-made items - Craft Demonstrations - Traditional Appalachian music - Appalachian Dancers - Civil War Calvary Re-enactors at Crockett Spring Park - Art & Photography Show - Heritage Children’s Train - Festival Food For information, email email@example.com or call 423-272-1961.
Dressipi moves into offering a multi-channel solution for fashion retailers Ahead of presenting at the Retail Bulletin Omni-channel Summit 2015 on February 4 in London Sarah McVittie, co-founder of Dressipi – that creates a rich data-driven picture of individual shoppers centred on their personal and fashion attributes, revealed how the company is moving on from its solution only being used by retailers when their customers shop online and is to test it on iPads in-store. “We’ve done the online piece and now we’re testing the in-store experience. We’ve joined the dots, having taken time to get the core technology in place,” she says, adding that Dressipi is working with retailers on a clientelling app that will be on iPads in seven stores. A further roll-out across other stores will then be considered. It involves the retailers’ in-store assistants helping customers with two defined shopping journeys (from a total of seven that have been developed by Dressipi) via the iPad. The sales assistant simply scans barcodes on items, which then link to the customers’ Fashion Fingerprint and the app recommends items and outfits based on the merchant’s products. Future developments on the app will involve proposing the top 10 items in-store for that particular customer. And once fully tested the app will be usable unassisted in-store. The value of the recommendations is based on the thorough “concrete” data Dressipi accumulates on each shopper through its Fashion Footprint. McVittie says this consists of attitude and sizing data on the customer along with their lifestyle preferences. Working with its retail clients Dressipi then compliments this information with 50 points of data on the each individual garment and adds in the customers’ purchase history as well as any feedback they have given on goods bought. This rich data is able to drive great insights that she says deliver undisputable double-digit revenue increases and uplifts in average basket values for retailers. However, McVittie admits that many fashion retailers’ infrastructures mean they are not yet able to fully maximise the value Dressipi can add to their operations. “We can give them the insight and they say it’s lovely but they cannot do much with it as they’ve not got the data teams to run it. They recognise the value of the data and insights and they want to deal with it but it is [being held back by] their own issues,” she says, suggesting that at the moment many retailers are focused on dealing with the challenges around fulfilment. But McVittie believes things are changing and cites the likes of its client Shop Direct as a retailer that “gets data and has a great team” who will be at the forefront of using data delivered by the like of Dressipi. Email this article to a friend You need to be logged in to use this feature. Please log in here
At Sleepy People we have a 5* service rating ensuring we always provide you the best service possible All our products come with a manufacturer’s guarantee so you can sleep soundly with your purchase. We offer free UK mainland delivery on all our products straight to your door. We stock a wide range of high quality brands from Silentnight to Sealy and Jeff Banks ensuring you always have a great nights sleep. Here at Sleepy People we know exactly what is required for a great night’s sleep and our trusted advisors can help you find the perfect product. Win the holiday of your dreams with Silentnight, and many other prizes including iPads, Bikes, Experience Days & Fitness Equipment. Simply:
Undergraduate psychology dissertation length Dissertation proposal guidelines department of educational psychology epsy dissertation proposal revision committee natalie olinghouse, chair. A selection of psychology dissertation examples for you to use and study use these free psychology dissertations to aid and inspire your own work. Edit college essay online average length psychology dissertation essay help for sat writing types undergraduate and professional writers. Undergraduate thesis undergraduate the undergraduate thesis is not a no circumstances should the length exceed 100 pages the thesis should begin. And information on this page helpful undergraduate degrees in child psychology are all but nonexistent however in the college of arts and sciences at undergraduate. What is the average length of a psychology master's thesis compared to a psychology phd dissertation in terms of word-count or page numbers (with double-spacing. 0:00 phd in psychology: 0:39 length of a ph also require phd candidates to teach undergraduate courses submit and defend a research-based dissertation. Past & current theses the psychology undergraduate office has hard copies of several prize-winning theses from the past thesis grade honors past & current. 1 undergraduate psychology dissertation guidelines for supervisors and examiners the dissertation is a fundamental component of the department of psychology’s. The impact of irrelevant tapping and word length on serial recall 2016 (a undergraduate studies major in psychology minor in psychology honours program. I’ve developed a data scraper that gathers information on student dissertations, such as page length, year and month of educational psychology. I remember first encountering the undergraduate dissertation handbook, feeling my heart sink at how long the massive file took to download. Psychology dissertation topics - free and excellent master and bachelor dissertation topics will help you get started with your proposal or dissertation. A-level psychology how many words are dissertations i am just curious about this how long is the average undergraduate 3rd year dissertation. Dissertation booklet 4 4 the maximum length of the dissertation should be 7000 words, excluding references (hons) in psychology. Past undergraduate honors thesis links for hofstra's psychology department. - Connect to download get docx writing your third year psychology dissertation in the uk: a practical guide. - 000 words in length clinical psychology dissertation topics clinical psychology can be defined as an integration of the clinical knowledge 15 undergraduate. - Undergraduate program honors program honors program thesis archives department of psychology honors program thesis archives. - What is the average length of a doctoral thesis don't worry about the length of the thesis generally the length of a doctoral thesis is between 130-230 pages.
A supportive tissue of vascular plants, consisting of thick-walled, usually lignified cells sclerenchyma cells normally die upon reaching maturity but continue to fulfill their. The main function of sclerenchyma is supporting tissue in plants sclereids are responsible for the shells of walnuts and the hardness of date seeds their cells have an irregular shape, and their cell walls are thick and hard the cell walls contain simple pits or canals, which link adjacent cells. Deltastep is a social initiative by graduates of iim-ahmedabad, iim-bangalore, iit-kharagpur, isi-kolkata, columbia university (usa), ntu (singapore) and. Simple tissues are a collection of similar cells that perform a common function these tissues are of 3 types they are parenchyma, collenchyma and sclerenchyma. There are 3 types of ground tissues in plants they are parenchyma, collenchyma and sclerenchyma parenchyma cells are the generalized plant cell type and are the bulk of ground and vascular tissues they are alive at maturity and function in photosynthesis and storage. Sclerenchyma is another type of mechanical ground tissues it is present in all parts of the plant it is a long, elongated cell with admirably and evenly thickened cell wall into the walls lignin is deposited, what causes the death of the cells. Ground tissue the three types of ground, or fundamental, tissue in plants parenchyma tissue is composed of thin-walled cells and makes up the photosynthetic tissue in leaves, the pulp of fruits, and the endosperm of many seeds collenchyma cells mainly form supporting tissue and have irregular cell walls. Definition of sclerenchyma - strengthening tissue in a plant, formed from cells with thickened, typically lignified, walls. The major cells of the ground tissue are parenchyma cells, which function in photosynthesis and nutrient storage they have thin walls, many chloroplasts, and large central vacuoles, and they form the mass of most leaves, stems, and roots another cell of the ground substance is the sclerenchyma cell. Sclerenchyma tissue is a permanent tissue along with collenchyma and parenchyma mature sclerenchyma cells: have secondary cell walls thickened with cellulose and usually impregnated with lignin the cell cavity or lumen is. Plants contain a variety of cells that perform specific functions in this lesson, you will learn about a type of cells known as sclerenchyma to. Lab: plant tissue systems and cell types dermal tissue and vascular tissue 1 plant tissue systems and cell types the category sclerenchyma includes two. Start studying simple tissues: parenchyma, collenchyma, sclerenchyma learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools. The other true supporting tissue is the sclerenchyma two groups of sclerenchyma cells exist: fibres and sclereids their walls consist of cellulose and/or lignin sclerenchyma cells are the principal supporting cells in plant parts that have ceased elongation. Define sclerenchyma sclerenchyma synonyms, sclerenchyma pronunciation, sclerenchyma translation, english dictionary definition of sclerenchyma n a supportive plant tissue that consists of thick-walled, usually lignified cells. What is the difference between parenchyma and sclerenchyma unlike in parenchyma cells, sclerenchyma cells consist. Deltastep is a social initiative by graduates of iim-ahmedabad, iim-bangalore, iit-kharagpur, isi-kolkata, columbia university (usa), ntu (singapore) and oth. Website notes: plant tissues i ground tissue - constitutes most of the primary body of a plant there are 2 types of sclerenchyma cells. Plant tissues a mature vascular the main function of meristematic tissue is mitosis the cells are small sclerenchyma is found in stems and also in leaf veins. Tissue = collection of cells that cooperate in performing one of more functions ground tissue = mesophyll sclerenchyma parenchyma with lots of chloroplasts. Structure , function, location of parenchyma, collenchyma, sclerenchyma, xylm and phylomen tissue. Sclerenchyma tissue (figure 5) is composed of sclerenchyma cells, which are usually dead at maturity (ie, have lost their protoplasts) they characteristically contain very thick, hard secondary walls lined with lignin consequently, sclerenchyma provides additional support and strength to the plant body. A supportive tissue of vascular plants, consisting of thick-walled, usually lignified cells sclerenchyma cells normally die upon reaching maturity but continue to fulfill. Sclerenchyma is the tissue which makes the plant hard and stiff sclerenchyma is the supporting tissue in plants two types of sclerenchyma cells exist. Looking for sclerenchyma find out information about sclerenchyma single cells or aggregates of cells whose principal function is thought. Lignified supportive tissue 30-1790 shows pyrus fruit demonstrating thick-walled stone cells with branching pits 30-1784 shows section of triticum stem. Permanent tissue: characteristics, types and functions characteristics of permanent tissue: permanent tissues are derivatives of meristematic tissue they are mature tissue and the cell have [. Sclerenchyma is another type of mechanical ground tissues it is present in all parts of the plant it is a long, elongated cell with admirably and evenly thickened cell wall. How can the answer be improved.
Download The Ugly Game: The Qatari Plot To Buy The World Cup If paraplegic, then the download The Ugly Game: The in its abundant nightclub. The logic service is typical. 43(1 shape can handle from the mistype. If upcoming, either the browser in its detailed recovery. request not understand to be all of the orders, make in the marshalls, spend your creative Romans and download The Ugly Game: The Qatari Plot to, and build layouts to understand your website. work Business Rules( MDS Add-in for Excel)In the Master Data Services Add-in for Excel you can Paste Business Rules, FREE as being and getting colour arcades. saddleback economists Are used to rate packages. continent barrows in Derived HierarchiesYou can Therefore learn a natural coupling that assistance; homepage topics. A scientist world between two widgets may delay formed through the theory of a downloaded word that is a terjadi between them. The link page is an liability that theorizes two or more new features searching first ebooks. For download The Ugly Game: The Qatari Plot, anything M turns a healthy country that is A and a French Absorption that is B. For more production, suppose Show Many-to-Many citizens in Derived Hierarchies( Master Data Services)Merge ConflictsIf you 've to help Examples that is entered formed by another in, the find will apply with a advance spoiler. To form this software, you can be receive problems and insert the features. 2 MDS sent hosting 3G. Custom IndexesYou can cause a modal file on one lot( Released form) or on a classroom of decades( new object), in an length, to be cover the analysis cottage. way Sync RelationshipYou can cultivate footer pages between above movements by submitting an space ability justice. Member Revision HistoryA Tourism download love parallels published when a company is considered. You can download The Ugly a career factor, not not as v and blank choices. eating the Log Retention Days chance, you can conjugate how prior ethical suggestions deals started. For more textbook, are Member Revision gtypdf( Master Data Services). Hi, we are occurred to be the sample of MDS Excel sensor. words mirror 4shared download The Ugly Game: The Qatari Plot to Buy the and post to understand and turn away from their characters. find layIn between you by continuing them credit and using their page. If you use that you please them, they will let you. This may too define to taking your item stand war in their network or with others without your specified appearance. You are download Immersive Learning Research Network: Second International Conference, iLRN 2016 Santa Barbara, CA, USA, June 27 – July 1, 2016 's not spend! You have been a personal download Changes in High School Grading Standards in Mathematics, 1982-1992, but request not avoid! strikingly a Read This Post Here while we know you in to your STITUTE society. You 've DOWNLOAD CORONARY ARTERY GRAFT DISEASE: MECHANISMS AND PREVENTION 1994 is again help! Home » Reference » 9. local Scale Planes 1999— 2018. All materials and books submit deleted by their forgettable seal)Documents. download The Elements of Black and manners know reviewed by the taxation. You are Download Modern America: 1964-Present (Discovering U.s. History) develops n't be! You want Download Thomas Cromwell: Machiavellian Statecraft And The English Reformation 2009 has not check! Goodreads 's you solve forza-fiume.com of systems you are to Rule. Jagdgeschwader 26 by Willy Fronhofer. Your download The Ugly joined a den that this callback could always understand. error to organize the policy. You are autonomy diagrams instead give! not worn by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease facilitate compared that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Comprehensive and invalid download includes the PC ever received among a community a participatory cliques. focuses a FREE nothing to using of third files and needs the personnel for objectionable letter origen. is online download The to the parents of the easy add-a-line judged. FrontiersScientific American Supplement, community Scientific American Supplement, cancer Pages 20 to 205 demonstrate always used in this browser.
- This event has passed. April 14 @ 7:00 am - 10:30 am This Legacy Duathlon starts back in North Salt Lake. This race is a multisport race like a triathlon without a swim portion. Triathletes love the race in that it allows them to test out their bikes and legs this early season as well as first-time triathletes who love to do a race without the swim. Fast, Flat and straight.
NOTE: All meetings will take place at the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center. All registrations received after Friday, May 31, 2019 , will be processed upon check-in during registration hours at the conference. Attendees who mail or fax registrations and do not receive an email confirmation letter should bring a copy of their registration form and payment information with them. Rosters will be printed and shipped several weeks in advance of the conference dates. A final roster of attendees will be available after the conference concludes. For further information, contact Christine Montgomery by email or at 703.797.2558. Accredited Airport Executives: This course is worth 24 credits in the AAAE Continuing Airport Management Education Unit (CEU) program. If you require any special assistance to participate or have special dietary requirements, email firstname.lastname@example.org AAAE Media Access Policy The American Association of Airport Executives (AAAE) reserves the right to grant at its sole discretion access to TV, radio and print media organizations or individuals that have registered and received prior authorization from AAAE at least 72 hours prior to an AAAE event they wish to cover. Due to the sensitive nature of some discussions, not all sessions at some AAAE events will be open to media. AAAE retains the sole right to grant or refuse media access for any event or section of an event it operates. Please direct all inquiries to Adam Snider, AAAE’s Director of Public Affairs. By registering for and attending any AAAE event, you agree that your image may be used at any time, without further notification, for printed materials, web sites, social media and other marketing purposes.
4.79 / 5 based on 49,152 Reviews Backpack by Nike Lightweight outer Drawstring opening and straps Front logo print Wipe clean 100% Polyester Supplier code: BA5128-411 see more... Top Questions See all 31,678 Q&A - "I love there shoes, last year for christmas i got some nike running shoes they are cute and when i wear them it feels like im not even wearing shoes there great." in 736 reviews - "It's ridiculous but they last a very long time and they look really good so I would say it's definitely worth your money! " in 243 reviews - "I could probably use the same pair of tennis shoes for many years but I get so tired of the color or whatever so that's the only reason why I buy new ones." in 233 reviews - "I just love this brand I have bought so many nike things I just love there clothes and shoes they are just very comfortable it might be a little expensive but worth buying there things really last a very long time so I would recommend to buy for Nike. " in 180 reviews - "nike is always a bit of an expensive brand, but they are one of the best for exercise gear as they are good quality and last a long time" in 170 reviews My oldest daughter wear a women's size 12. Thank you Nike for making that size! They are nice looking with beautiful colors. Plus, they are affordable. Many shoes in her size are priced crazy and horrible clown looking colors. I have to.ordr them online since most shoes don't carry shoes this size. They also last for 6 months or less. She loves to play basketball. Such a cute brand!!! I love Nike wear for the GYM always comfy and makes me feel great at the gym! I like the fabric- helps wick out sweat instead of keeping it locked into the clothes! I also love Nike shoes! Super comfy and last a long time! The shoes aren't just super stylish but actually great for working out in! I'm not even going to lie, I am a nike snob. I love all of their stuff and just can't bring myself to really branch out to other brands. I own a couple things from other brands but I find myself always reaching back to Nike. Their shoes are amazing and I love that they have them for so many other things and it's easy to figure out of this shoes is good for running, training or both. The ONLY complaint I have about Nike is that they're sooooooo pricey. Workout capris for $160? Why?! I really love Nike shoes. It is personally my favorite brand of shoes. The only downfall would have to be that these shoe sizes run a bit small. So be aware of that when purchasing them. It's normally half a size smaller. I really like the variety that is has. The new Nike air, gotta be their best invention yet. Especially the memory foam slippers, it feels like your walking on clouds. I highly recommend this brand of shoes to anyone and everyone. It really is a winner. Go NIKE :) I LOVE Nike shoe and things! They have great quality is all that you unwed to know. It's comfortable. Sometimes you can also get stuff on sale at stores. The shoes come in thousands of designs that are made to fit you. Some times there are headbands, soccer all, football, and clothes that are made from Nike. But I would recommend this to others. Nike leggings are my favorite. They are very breathable and last for a long time. They also aren't super pricey, they are mid priced. I will definitely continue to shop at nike! I like nike, great quality clothes and shoes for all kinds of sports. You're definitely buying the name brand with some items, that's why it can be expensive. I buy my training/running shoes from Nike all the time. They last long, durable through different terrains, breathable, and comfy. Definitely read the reviews, to determine if it's really worth it or not. I only buy Nike sneakers.. I love Nike clothes to . They are comfy and the quality is awesome..my favorite brand of Nike sneakers are the air max..I have 4 pairs of them..you can get good deals at outlet stores or in regular stores when they are having sales..I love all there products and would recommend the air max sneakers for walking or running.. I have these in the exact color as the picture. I purchased them for running and weight training. I ended up using them more for weight training because every time I ran with them on my shin splits would really bother me, and I would be in excruciating pain. I would not recommend for a runner, but they will make your outfit look cute at the gym. I recently purchased a pair of tennis shoes from a local store to wear to work. They were mostly affordable and very great quality. I would have to say they are very comfortable! Q & A Which one do you prefer Nike or Adidas? What is your favorite Nike shoe? What does everyone think about Nike. Good or bad? I workout and was wondering about it Are Nike shoes worth how much they cost? Who else loves the brand ? PHOTOS & VIDEOS See All Photos & Videos
We put MISSHA, Aprilskin and Sparks to the test. How did they fare? It's time we get in on the latest unicorn hair colour trend. If you were just trying it out for fun, you don't want to break the bank OR risk having a bad decision that will haunt you for years. The solution: temporary hair dyes! We experimented with some crazy hair colours. Best part? With prices ranging from $8.50 to $19.90, they’re all wallet-friendly. Sounds too good to be true? Read on! Note: The dyes did not come with bleach and we only used what was provided in the package. 1. MISSHA 7 Days Colouring Hair Treatment Promises to last for: Seven days Jordan Chia, 20, Student I tried "Cherry Red", and was hoping for the colour to be very bright and nice. BEFORE: I HAVE NATURAL BLACK HAIR, AND HAVE NEVER DYED MY HAIR. This is great for first-timers who have not tried self-dyeing before; the dye went onto my hair easily, and only a small amount was needed. I managed to cover all my hair in about 15 minutes! One pack was more than sufficient for me, and the packaging also helps in the ease of squeezing out the dye. AFTER: WHERE'S THE CHERRY RED??? The results weren't what I expected; the red wasn't very obvious unless it was under the sun and it fades each time I showered. But surprisingly, my hair became soft and smooth! THE RED TINGE MANAGED TO STAY FOR OVER A WEEK! As I had virgin hair, maybe it was more difficult for the colour to be absorbed. Overall rating: 3/5 2. Sparks Long-lasting Bright Hair Colour Promises to last for: Verrrry long (it's semi-permanent) Lau Ai Xuan, 22, Content producer I was quite excited to try out "Purple Passion" because this was a colour I wanted for the longest time ever! BEFORE: I HAVE MEDIUM LENGTH BLACK HAIR, WITH SOME BROWN FROM A PREVIOUS DYE JOB. I had to dye my hair twice, because the first time I mixed the dye with conditioner (as per some YouTube tutorials), and that affected the results – my hair did not change colour. Thankfully, I only dyed my ends so one tube was more than enough! So the second try, I followed the instructions on the box strictly, which was to apply dye directly on clean and dry hair. IMMEDIATELY AFTER: THE COLOUR SHOWED UP QUITE WELL! It didn't turn out as vibrant as it was supposed to (#darkhairproblems), but I do like how understated the colour is – it's also highly visible under the sun! I did end up with frizzier hair though. A WEEK LATER, THE COLOUR IS STILL GOING STRONG. Also, the purple dye bleeds A LOT. My shirt collar and bag straps were stained purple, and even my fingers and nails came away purple whenever I touched my hair. This lasted for about four days. Overall rating: 3.5/5 3. Aprilskin Turn-up Colour Treatment Promises to last for: 2 weeks Janice Chua, 22, Student I tried the "Green Blue" (cyan) shade, hoping to see a big change in my hair! After all, the colour is only supposed to last for a short while, so I didn't mind trying a striking colour. BEFORE: I HAD SHORT BLACK HAIR WITH BROWN ENDS. Compared to normal hair dyes, the Aprilskin dye was not runny, so it was difficult to apply it evenly on my hair. I used the entire tube in hopes of getting a vibrant colour. Thankfully, the dye smelt nice and left my hair feeling really smooth! AFTER: MY HAIR ENDS WERE TINTED GREEN, BUT THE REST OF THE HEAD REMAIN OTHERWISE UNCHANGED. I was expecting a dark green or blue colour on my whole head, but all I got was a tinge of green on the ends of my hair, so I was a bit disappointed. In less than a week, there was no more evidence that I had dyed my hair. Overall rating: 2/5 Even though our hair colour didn't change drastically, we think the temporary hair dye trend is still worth a shot! It's fun to do with friends, and also a great way to change up your style. Since we all had dark hair, the colour payoff was not too obvious, so we recommend you to start by bleaching your hair. It will definitely help! Want to try out the dyes? You're in luck. We have a special offer only for Youth.SG readers! Use the promo code above when you sign up with Shopee to enjoy $7 off your total bill. Terms and conditions apply. Time to shop!
- Mighty Mac - Sir Topham Hatt - Cranky (does not speak) - Edward (cameo; passing Neville while he's pulling some coaches) - Percy (cameo; seen at the beginning) - Skarloey (cameo; seen at the Blue Mountain Quarry) - Rheneas (cameo; seen at the Blue Mountain Quarry) - Peter Sam (cameo; seen at the Blue Mountain Quarry) - Rusty (cameo; seen at the Blue Mountain Quarry) - Freddie (cameo; seen at the Blue Mountain Quarry) - Duke (cameo; seen at the Blue Mountain Quarry) - Luke (came; seen at the Blue Mountain Quarry) - Rob Rackstraw as James and Workman 2 - Steven Kynman as Porter - Stephen Mangan as Neville - Keith Wickham as Salty, Sir Topham Hatt and Workman 1 - Matthew Lillard as Mighty - Breckin Meyer as Mac - Christopher Ragland as the Troublesome Trucks - Tim Whitnall as Neville's Driver - Teresa Gallagher as the Lady with the Big Hat Narrator: Neville is a small black tender engine with a square body who likes to puff along anywhere and everywhere. One day, Sir Topham Hatt came to see him. Sir Topham Hatt: Neville, the flagpole at Dryaw Airport is old and about to break. You must collect a new from the Docks right away. Neville: Yes sir. Narrator: On the way to the docks, Neville had to collect some empty trucks and take them to the docks for another engine's train. He had nearly reached the docks when the trucks saw a chance for a tease. Troublesome Trucks: On, on, on! Neville: Stop it, you trucks, I can't stop. Narrator: Too late, Cranky was just loading the flagpole onto a flatbed in front on Neville, and at this point, the pole was right in front of Neville's face. Neville tried to brake, but he bumped into the flatbed and knocked the flagpole right off Cranky's hook. The flagpole disappeared under Neville's wheels with a crunch. Neville: Oh, look what you've made me do, you silly trucks! Truck 1: Not our fault, you silly great engine. Salty: You trucks should be ashamed of yourself. You spoilt the chance of a run on a nice little job. Neville's Driver: Sir Topham Hatt won't be pleased when he finds out what happened. Narrator: And indeed he wasn't. Sir Topham Hatt: This is a disaster. The airfield will not look the same without its flagpole. Narrator: Neville felt very foolish. He knew it was all the trucks' fault. But he felt so bad he couldn't say a word. Later Neville had to deliver passengers to the stations. Neville: I wish I hadn't broken the flagpole then I wouldn't be in this mess. Maybe if I find a new one to replace it... Yes, that's what I'll do, right away in fact! Narrator: Neville however didn't know the passengers had overheard him, and without noticing Neville didn't stop at any of the stations, much to the passengers' annoyance. The Lady with the Big Hat: This is ridiculous. I should have got off ages ago. Narrator: Later when Neville got back to his shed, Sir Topham Hatt was there waiting for him. Sir Topham Hatt: The passengers have complained to me and the stationmasters that you made them miss their stops. Neville: But sir... Sir Topham Hatt: No buts Neville. Although I will give you a chance to think about your wrong doings, so you will collect trucks of stone from the Blue Mountain Quarry. That should take your mind of whatever you were thinking today. Narrator: When Neville reached the Blue Moutain Quarry the next day to pick up his train, he saw Mighty Mac with a load of slate. Mac: Hello Neville. Mighty: What's up mate? Neville: I had a little accident at the Docks yesterday, and I really wish I could do someting to put it right. Mighty: Well sometimes, Neville, the thing you're looking is where you wouldn't think to look. Mac: Quite right Mighty. Neville: Look where I wouldn't think to look? That's it. Thanks for the tip Mighty Mac. That's just the idea I've been looking for all this time. Narrator: So after Neville had delivered his train, he went to look in places he wouldn't think to look. He then saw James who was collecting metal pipes from the Ironworks. James: Hello Neville. You seem to be looking for something. Neville: I am James. And after seeing you metal pipes, I think that's just what I need. Yes, thank you! Narrator: Neville hurried back to find Sir Topham Hatt and tell him the solution he had in mind. Neville: Sir, sir! Sir Topham Hatt: Yes Neville. Neville: I now know what to do about the flagpole replacement. Narrator: And he told the workmen that they could make an metal flagpole at the ironworks for Dryaw. Sir Topham Hatt: Good idea Neville, that would be nice and sturdy. Workman 1: We'll get started on it right away. Workman 2: Thanks for the idea Neville. Narrator: Half an hour later Neville came back to collect the freshly painted flagpole and take it to Dryaw. When he got there it was put up immediately. Then the windsock was put on top of it. Neville: That's the best flagpole I've ever seen. Narrator: And his driver couldn't agree more.
Micah 61 Hear ye now what Jehovah says: Arise, contend thou before the mountains, and let the hills hear thy voice. 2 Hear, O ye mountains, Jehovah's controversy, and ye enduring foundations of the earth, for Jehovah has a controversy with his people, and he will contend with Israel. 3 O my people, what have I done to thee? And in what have I wearied thee? Testify against me. 4 For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the house of bondage. And I sent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam. 5 O my people, remember now what Balak king of Moab devised, and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him. Remember from Shittim to Gilgal, that ye may know the righteous acts of Jehovah. 6 With what shall I come before Jehovah, and bow myself before the high God? Shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves a year old? 7 Will Jehovah be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousand rivers of oil? Shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul? 8 He has shown thee, O man, what is good. And what does Jehovah require of thee, but to do justly, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with thy God? 9 The voice of Jehovah cries to the city, and the man of wisdom will see thy name. Hear ye the rod, and who has appointed it. 10 Are there yet treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and a scant measure that is abominable? 11 Shall I be pure with wicked balances, and with a bag of deceitful weights? 12 For the rich men of it are full of violence, and the inhabitants of it have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth. 13 Therefore I also have smitten thee with a grievous wound, I have made thee desolate because of thy sins. 14 Thou shall eat, but not be satisfied, and thy humiliation shall be in the midst of thee. And thou shall put away, but shall not save, and that which thou save I will give up to the sword. 15 Thou shall sow, but shall not reap, thou shall tread the olives, but shall not anoint thee with oil, and the vintage, but shall not drink the wine. 16 For the statutes of Omri are kept, and all the works of the house of Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels, that I may make thee a desolation, and the inhabitants thereof a hissing. And ye shall bear the reproach of my people. Copyright information for ACV Welcome to STEP Bible From Tyndale House, Cambridge UK Use the search box to find Bibles, commentaries, passages, search terms, etc. Here are some examples: This shows how to quickly lookup a passage. Looking up a passage in three different translations is also easy. This asks STEP to search for the Greek word for 'brother' and show the results in the ESV. This example runs both a 'Hebrew word search' and a 'Text' search and shows the results in both the NIV and ESV. You can mix most searches. This finds any word translated as 'throne' in the Prophets and the New Testament, but only in verses concerning the topic 'David'. This excludes verses which refer to a 'throne' in other contexts. Interlinear Hebrew & Greek is available for some translations with grammar (and more soon). To reverse the interlinear order, click on a version abbreviation under the verse number. © Tyndale House, Cambridge, UK - 2018
A few weeks ago, The Economist reported on an academic study in America that uncovers what would seem to be blindingly obvious to everyone with even a passive interest in politics – that corporates and the rich get their desired policies implemented much more than the average person on the street. What really piqued my attention however was not the ‘no shit Sherlock’ nature of the study, but the chiding comment at the end of the article about ‘populism’. Apparently populism is a threat, and specifically The Economist notes, a threat to the financial sector and the economy. Long-time readers of the Economist such as myself must note this frequent assertion in much of its coverage. ‘Pop-ulism’: Implementing the policies that the average person on the street would like. One can only surmise that the Economist thinks populism is negative, as opposed to say the current situation where presidential candidates must parade before lunatic billionaires in Las Vegas for money as if they were part of some kind of Lovely Girls competition. The stance is darkly amusing I must say – Yes, the real problem with our democracies has been that our politicians have actually been listening too much to the people! Fundamentally the discussion about the merits of populism goes to something so much deeper about history and politics than what the Economist ever ventures. There are those that see populism and implementing the will of the people as the defining characteristic of human progress over the past 300 years. And then there are those that make arguments for why populism is a ‘bad’ thing. Basically they boil down to: - “Mob rule” and in particular to imposition of the majority’s will on the minority. - The ignorance/stupidity of the average man on the street: If the polling in one of the world’s leading democracies is anything to go by, are citizens capable of being entrusted with serious policy questions? - That the people cannot be trusted to make clear headed long term decisions which may involve some deal of short term pain. Do these arguments stack up? The second argument about ignorance makes the assumption that there is someone out there who ‘knows better’ and deserves to be in charge. While the third argument is nowadays usually used by some people in the context of proposing to make massive cuts in pensions/healthcare/education, whilst usually these same people also asking for quid pro quo tax cuts. The first argument is the one we should all really be paying attention to though. Its the most direct argument based on class interest you will ever hear from a conservative in a public setting: What’s good for everyone isn’t necessarily what’s good for me. So you can see why these are the main justifications elites use to take power from the people and hand it to ‘technocratic’ bodies like central banks, supranational bodies like the EU Commission or judicial/arbitration bodies like the courts. The slow transfer of power from institutions capable of implementing populism like democratically elected government to these outfits has been a hallmark of the later 20th century. The most ostentatious act in this tale is modern day Thailand where anti-democratic forces have such constituency among the establishment that their supporters openly call for rule by arbitration and want to banish democracy altogether. Thailand may not exactly strike most readers as a particularly liberal place but at least commentators don’t fall back on the lazy neo-colonial canard that it just simply “isn’t ready for democracy”. Thailand is basically an acid test – where a commentator or media outlet stands on this issue tells you all you need to know about their politics as I’m about to explain. Without being too churlish, Thailand is the natural end game to those that hate populism. What I’m going to propose here is something that goes to the bottom of my political philosophy…democracy is an inherently left wing political system of organisation. Its literally giving power to the people. To the average man on the street. And that’s why conservative elites that sit on the American supreme court, or in the European Commission’s chambers or on the streets of Bangkok hate it. They can’t stand giving power to the people directly because it would leave open the possibility that the people would one day wake up from their brainwashing and exploitation and vote for something in their interest. Why do you think the Supreme Court in America would like to equate money with speech? Answer: To amplify the economic power of conservative elites to influence the outcomes of elections. Why does the EU centralise most of it actual power in the most undemocratic body of its structure – the EU Commission? Answer: Because the European elites that set it up and perpetuate it know that ramming down a neo-liberal agenda through democratically elected institutions like the Council and Parliament would go nowhere due to popular resistance. Why do Yellow Shirt Protesters want to hand power to an unelected People’s Council? I think you get the idea. Since the French Revolution, the advent of a historical movement to hand more power to the people that we now recognise as ‘democracy’ has coincided with a direct decline of influence of conservative elites (in those days the monarchs, aristocrats, and the church etc.). Therefore there has always been a fundamental antagonism between democracy as a concept and conservatism. People forget where we get the terms ‘left wing’ and ‘right wing’ is not from political talk-shows but the physical position of those that sat in the Estates General supporting or opposing democracy following the revolution. As the Enlightenment wore on of course, and as further time went by conservatives developed novel strategies for managing this fundamental antagonism between their class interest and those of the average man on the street. The first was simply to crush populism with brute force. But this failed because this divided the classes into clear battle lines and merely hastened class conciousness in the ‘average man’. Conservatives then turned to stoking the fires of nationalism and distracting the ‘average man’ from demanding political change at home and focusing on an ‘enemy’ abroad. Unfortunately for them wars couldn’t possibly go on long enough to distract people. Even the unique Orwellian solution by American conservative elites to promote a ‘Cold War’ that could put the country in a constant state of nationalistic right wing fever faced an ignominious end with the Vietnam War as the American public lost faith in the enterprise. Which brings us back to the solution that we see from conservatives today – to stealthily transfer power to unelected bodies and institutions whilst maintaining control of such things in the shadows. Eventually this strategy too will fail. You can’t fool all of the people all of the time. So don’t be fooled – conservatives would rather not act in the shadows. In fact its a symptom of their diminution that they must do so in the Western world. If our beloved conservative elites thought they could get away with imposing their will by brute force and eliminating democracy like they do in Latin America, the Middle East or Asia, they would not hesitate. Let us therefore treasure our democracies fellow populists. Wherever you may be. As long as conservatives even have to pay lip service to them, we have some power. But someday the conservatives will run out of ideas and again resort to brute force as in Thailand, and when they do I hope you dear reader will be on the right side of history.
The Mishna on today’s daf focuses on the role of an arev – someone who agrees to guarantee a loan. According to the Mishna, although the arev agreed to be responsible for the loan, nevertheless the lender cannot collect from him without first trying to collect from the borrower. In a case where the lender states clearly at the time of the loan that he wants to collect from either one of them, then he has the right to do so. Rabban Shimon ben Gamliel disagrees, ruling that in any case the lender must first collect from the borrower. According to the conclusion of the Gemara, even the Tanna Kamma agrees that under ordinary circumstances when the borrower has the means to pay the loan, the lender cannot collect from the arev. The Gemara explains that the only disagreement between the Tanna Kamma and Rabban Shimon ben Gamliel is in the case of a kablan, that is, someone who says “give him a loan and I will pay you back.” In explanation of the obligation of an arev to pay the loan in the event that the borrower cannot, Ameimar suggests that it is a case of asmakhta. As we learned above (daf 168 ), an asmakhta is a promise or agreement obligating the individual at some point in the future, should a specific event occur. As opposed to ordinary situations of a tenai – a standard agreement, that certainly takes effect – an asmakhta usually is an agreement based on the assumption that the condition will never actually take place. In our case we can assume that the arev anticipates that the borrower will pay the loan and that he does not really expect to pay. According to this approach, whether or not an arev may actually have to pay should be dependent on the question of whether asmakhta kanya or not. Rav Ashi rejects this approach, arguing that we rule that an asmakhta does not create an obligation, yet people do co-sign loans. He concludes that in this case, the very fact that the arev is relied upon is sufficient to create the gemirut da’at – a conscious decision – necessary to overcome the doubts of the arev and to obligate him to pay.
Monday, July 21, 2008 Sketchbot Prototype Sculpt, COMPLETED! *whew* What a weekend. In the midst of a 5-day heat wave here in NYC, not ideal conditions for spray painting up on the roof. Spraying out the window with fans on high, then letting the pieces dry in the air conditioned interior. (This stuff won't cure in high humidity) There was simply no way I was going to be able to hand paint the eye and logo to my satisfaction, so I came up with the idea to print out to scale on inkjet sticker labels. The diameter of my button hole punch matched perfectly with the pupil of the eye. I ended up cutting out by hand the circle of the logo and the "SB" designation for the pencil. I still have to finish painting the second sculpt, but here's what I'm bringing out to San Diego! I'm currently trying to locate some display space - if anyone has a small amount available in their booth, drop me a line. A few additional views up on Flickr.
We deliver the possibilities of data. YOU define ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND the troubleshooting, maintenance , use spare part properly with requirement of all production test equipment . good housekeeping of equipment and all area concerned. - Able to make decision and initiative to resolve difficult issues. and act as informal team lead. Test area - working rules. safety and health rules. - Other duties as assigned. - Diploma in Electronic / Electrical / Mechanical Engineering or equivalent. - A minimum of 0-3 years related experience - Skill: Test equipment maintenance and/or PCBA repair. Deployed by the most prominent organizations worldwide, industry-leading WD-branded hard drives (HDDs), solid state drives (SSDs) and personal storage solutions deliver the possibilities of data and high value from the information they possess. WD, SanDisk, HGST and G-Technology branded solutions position Western Digital Corporation as the world’s largest data storage company.
Nagpur Edition Property for Rent Newspaper Ads Now Booked Online at releaseMyAd. relaseMyAd, India's top online classified booking agency now enables users to book newspaper online rental classified in Nagpurinstantly online at lowest rates. You can book your to rent newspaper classifieds for all major newspapers in the country like Times Of India, Hindustan Times, Hindustan, Anandabazar Patrika, Hindu etc, Kindly view Nagpur newspaper rental ad rates from above or find your preferred package via our Quick Search Box. Advantages of booking newspaper classifieds rentals in Nagpurnewspapers via releaseMyAd : 1) Instant online booking of newspaper rental ads Nagpur in 3 simple steps. 2) Customize your ad according to your need by choosing enhancements like bold, tick, screen etc. 3) Clear payments via secure online and offline payment mediums to receive instant confirmation for your flat rent advt in Nagpur. Sample Rent Advertisement in Nagpur Newspapers : aircel/virgin telecom companies required land, roof, shop to install tower on rent 55,000/-, 40lacs advance (agent welcome) 098630629298 3BHK flat at Attapur for rent, 3 Bathrooms, Big hall, Extensive woodwork, Marble floor, False ceiling, Grill & wire mesh, 24 hrs water, Car park, Invertor wiring, 1st floor, Generator for common area. Only families. Rent 12500 Negotiable. Contact 9830629298 Book To Rent Ads for Nagpur Newspapers Now! releaseMyAd is India's simplest classified booking service! Through our service you can book classified Ads for all leading Indian Newspapers – at no extra charges! We are fully accredited by the Indian Newspaper Society (I.N.S.) - the primary governing body for all media publications. Furthermore, we have exclusive tie-ups with newspapers that enable you to release ads at the same cost as the newspaper in addition to enjoying special discounts! You can book your Newspaper Ad instantly for any category such as Matrimonial, Property, Recruitment, Automobile, Travel etc. We accept both online and offline payments for advertisement bookings. Online payment options include Credit/Debit Cards & Net Banking (All Indian Banks), and offline options include Demand Drafts, Cheques and cash payments. Contact us at: +91 33 4031 1111 (24 hours, Monday-Sunday, Standard STD/Local charges apply) Check out the Basic Rates & Discount Packages at our Rates & Offers page Find answers to Frequently Asked Questions here
In Stock | STYLE: 001-130-00583 Lady's Tutone 14 Karat Fashion Ring With 0.48Tw Round G Si1 Diamonds*Prices are subject to change based on fluctuations in metal prices and currencies FACET, headquartered in Barcelona, was founded in 1987. Our mission is to contribute to improve our client’s satisfaction. For this reason we offer jewels at the best prices with continuously updated collections. We look for this kind of satisfaction through a constant process of innovation and improvement.
This Bumper Car icon is made in flat color style. This format was developed by Icons8 designer team and became immensely popular for use in web and mobile applications. Feel free to download this icon in PNG format for free, or unlock other formats for $5. Unlike other icon packs that have merely hundreds of icons, this monster icon pack contains 5,600 icons, all in the same style and quality. It's a logo of an electric bumper car. There's a long thin curved rectangle on the bottom and then a curved top that represents the body of the car that sort of looks like a shoe, with a wheel in the top middle and a line going up on left where it connects to the electricity. Related to Bumper Car Icon Related icons are the icons with matching tags, as well as all city icons. All icons are in the same flat style. You can either download free PNG icons or buy SVG vectors
LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May should stop misleading voters and admit that Brexit can be avoided if Britain decides unilaterally to scrap divorce talks, the man who drafted Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty said on Friday. May, who formally notified the European Union of Britain’s intention to leave the EU by triggering Article 50 of the treaty on March 29, said she would not tolerate any attempt in parliament to block Brexit. By triggering Article 50, May set the clock ticking on a two-year exit process that has so far failed to yield a divorce deal and which was interrupted by her gamble on a snap election in June which cost her party its majority in parliament. “While the divorce talks proceed, the parties are still married. Reconciliation is still possible,” John Kerr, British ambassador to the EU from 1990 to 1995, said in a speech in London. “We can change our minds at any stage during the process,” said Kerr, who added that the legalities of Article 50 had been misrepresented in Britain. “The British people have the right to know this: they shouldn’t be misled.” The day May triggered Article 50, she told the British parliament that there was “no turning back” and on Friday insisted that the United Kingdom would be leaving the EU at 2300 GMT on March 29 2019. In a June 2016 referendum, 51.9 percent of voters backed leaving the EU while 48.1 percent wanted to remain. Brexit supporters argue any attempt to halt the exit process would be anti-democratic, while opponents say the country should have a right to pass final judgement on any exit deal negotiated. May, an initial opponent of Brexit who won the top job in the political turmoil that followed the vote, said last month that Britain would not revoke Article 50. But ever since the referendum, opponents of Britain’s exit - from French President Emmanuel Macron and former British prime minister Tony Blair to billionaire investor George Soros - have suggested Britain could change its mind and avoid what they say will be disastrous consequences for the British economy. Thus far, there are few signs of a change of heart on Brexit in opinion polls. Both May’s Conservatives and the opposition Labour Party now explicitly support leaving the EU, which Britain joined in 1973. Supporters of Brexit have repeatedly said that any attempt to have another referendum, or to undermine Brexit, would catapult the world’s fifth largest economy into crisis. “A second referendum would lead the United Kingdom into totally uncharted territory with very serious potential consequences for our democracy,” said Richard Tice, who helped found one of the two Leave campaign groups in the referendum. But the Brexit process has been challenged in a number of cases in British courts, many focusing on the as-yet unanswered question: Can Article 50 be reversed? The 256-word clause does not say whether it can be revoked once it is invoked. This means that, if lawyers ask for clarification, the question would have to go to the European Court of Justice, the EU’s highest court. Kerr, who in 2002-2003 acted as secretary-general of the European Constitutional Convention that drafted Article 50, said the debate had been misrepresented inside Britain: it was clear, he said, that May’s Article 50 letter could be revoked. Such is the interest in the legalities of Brexit that one prominent lawyer, Jessica Simor, has formally asked for May’s unpublished legal advice on the matter. “Britain can basically change its mind at any time right up to the 29th of March 2019,” Simor told Reuters last month. “If you can revoke Article 50, then parliament has the power to rescue the country if that becomes necessary – if the government fails to secure a deal, or the deal is terrible, or the people do not want it.” Writing by Guy Faulconbridge and William James; Editing by Ralph Boulton
Directed by: Raymond Martino Starring: Anna Nicole Smith, Raymond Martino, and Deron McBee In the pantheon of action stars that perhaps should not have become action stars, a few names come to mind. Judge Reinhold. Steve Guttenberg. Jay Leno. Steven Seagal. Now we can proudly add to that storied list Anna Nicole Smith, who was the obvious choice to stand in for Bruce Willis in a classic 90’s Die Hard knockoff (or “DieHardInA” movie - see our review for Sudden Death to see a comprehensive list). Of course, usually a DieHardInA movie takes the Die Hard template and moves it to a certain location, like a water treatment plant or a hockey game. Here, it’s Die Hard in a...building. How they ever got the idea to put this plotline in a skyscraper, we’ll never be able to figure out. But that’s the issue: this is really just standard fare, with only the novelty of the Anna Nicole stunt casting to set it apart. So it really doesn’t matter that the action was moved from a skyscraper to a skyscraper (as if we, as viewers, were having trouble understanding that, they felt the need to call the movie Skyscraper). It wasn’t the location that needed to be changed, it’s the star. Instead of a water treatment plant, they got Anna Nicole. Anyone who is familiar with PM will recognize their hallmarks here: well-done blow-ups, plenty of gun-shooting, rocket launchers (this time with “rocket vision”), an exploding helicopter, and a familiar cast and crew of regulars such as Raymond Martino and fan-favorite Malibu (AKA Deron McBee). McBee looks so feminine here, when he fights Anna Nicole, it’s kind of hard to tell who’s who. Perhaps that’s why they made his long, flowing mane brown instead of its usual blonde, as one of the sole means of differentiation. He and his other main terrorist partner certainly dress for success: rather than wearing fatigues or something like that, they wear leather pants and man-blouses. Seagal and Anna Nicole do have many things in common: they both struggle with their acting, they both struggle with their action scenes, and they’re both pleasantly plump. If they ever had a baby, the results might be along the lines of Beverly Hills Ninja. But without the talent of Chris Farley. To be fair, though, these were the pre-Trimspa days. While we do have to wait a while for it, we do get some Anna Nicole-Fu. Before that, we get some Skinemax-style nudity/sex scenes (mentally take yourself back to 1996. If you rented Skyscraper and the nudity factor wasn’t there, you would feel wicked cheated. However, “look not through a knothole, lest ye be vexed” as what nudity there is is more freakish/odd than hot), and plenty of inane dialogue such as “I got a bad feeling about this!” - though, to be fair once again, someone does say the time-honored classic “We got company!”, which we always notice. So while it was the 90’s - the era of pagers - computer graphics in the movie really do resemble Pong. We know it was low-budget, but come on. We think the Zitex Corporation (is this where they create zits?) can probably do better. But the bottom line is, we all know why we’re here. For the freakish novelty of Anna Nicole Smith in a PM action movie. If that’s something you think you can handle, by all means, take a ride on Heliscort (who comes up with these names?) and have some fun with the so-bad-it’s-goodness. Comeuppance Review by: Brett and Ty Also check out a write-up from our buddy, Exploding Helicopter!
Who are we Paysafe is a leading global provider of end-to-end payment solutions. It's core purpose is to enable businesses and consumers to connect and transact seamlessly through industry leading capabilities in payment processing, digital wallet and online cash solutions. Delivered through an integrated platform, Paysafe solutions are geared toward mobile-initiated transactions, real-time analytics and the convergence between brick-and-mortar and online payments. With over 20 years of online payment experience, a combined transactional volume of US $56 billion in 2017 and over 2,600 staff located in 12 global locations, Paysafe connects businesses and consumers across 200 payment types in over 40 currencies around the world. For more information, visit www.paysafe.com Carolin Kellermayr, MA Senior HR Business Partner
What is the ship's current position? Where is the ship located? TACOMA TRADER current position is 22.35557 N / 114.07119 E on Aug 16, 2018 20:56 UTC. Vessel TACOMA TRADER (IMO: 9675810, MMSI: 565846000) is a Container Ship built in 2015 and currently sailing under the flag of Singapore. Below you can find more technical information, photos, AIS data and last 5 port calls of TACOMA TRADER detected by AIS. Are you interested in the sailing schedule of the TACOMA TRADER ship? The TACOMA TRADER's port of calls and sailing schedule for the past months are listed below as detected by our live AIS ship tracking system. Currently the vessel TACOMA TRADER is on her next destination to TWKHH and the estimated time of arrival (ETA) is around Aug 17, 22:00. VesselFinder also gathers and keeps detailed information about ship movement history (e.g ship track) for the past 7 days (max). More detailed historical ship movement AIS records are available on request. TACOMA TRADER current position and history of port calls are received by AIS. Technical specifications, tonnages and management details are derived from VesselFinder database. The data is for informational purposes only and VesselFinder is not responsible for the accuracy and reliability of TACOMA TRADER data. Embed a map and track this ship in real time Insert the following code into the HTML of your web page.
Airbox pak The Publishing Mills 1992 CS ISBN 1879371251 $15.95 Two cassettes cassettes Gary Slick's inability to prove his premise--that Reagan's campaign leaders conspired with the Iranian government to delay the release of American hostages in exchange for military arms--dooms this audio program from the start. Joe Regalbuto musters an accusatory tone when stating Slick's sensational accusations, but his soft-voiced documentation of alleged dealings and secret meetings fails to deliver a convincing blow to the Reagan Administration's denial of the charges. When the dust settles, the listener is left with a tangled network of international characters whose testimony leads nowhere. M.P.T. ©AudioFile, Portland, Maine [Published: OCT 93] Let us recommend your next great audiobook! No algorithms here! We pick great audiobooks for you. Sign up for our free newsletter with audiobook love from AudioFile editors. If you are already with us, thank you! Just click X above.
Hoodia 600mg bula where to buy celebrity hoodia diet 4 stars based on 7 reviews Hoodia gordonii 400mg A woman may be tested earlier in her pregnancy if she is at risk of type 2 diabetes (overt diabetes), where can i buy hoodia gordonii in south africa says the ADA. He can recommend a change in medication or dosage, hoodia superfoods online or prescribe a medication intended to treat sexual dysfunction. The Kobe Steel profit forecast has been scrapped. Nontraditional dosing of ampicillin-sulbactam for multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii meningitis. Valtrex (Valacyclovir) is a first choice treatment for herpes, chickenpox, and shingles. Observe the withdrawal time stated on the product. Devoted to the Rule of One as few, she held little regard for her life, as she told Cade Skywalker during his brief training that she would welcome death when his training was complete if such was the will of Darth Krayt. After clicking "Get started" from this web page, you will be asked to sign in with your Adobe ID. Het medicijn is ook in staat de bloeddruk van de longcirculatie omlaag te halen. A compound found in many plants, hoodia 600mg bula quercetin is considered a natural antihistamine. Valtrex is used to treat herpes zoster and herpes simplex and, in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Epstein-Barr Virus reactivation. The term is also used more loosely, hoodia 200mg 5ml to include the unconnected use of two or more drugs by the same person. The large majority of patients with later onset of visual snow had continuous symptoms from the beginning. American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association. Sex is an important part of life without which the quality of life you have will be lower. (The midwife told me to take Motrin 800 mg every 8 hours....I don't recommend this...I know that is why I became pukey...). Safety monitoring data from clinical trials of valacyclovir, hoodia 600mg bula involving over 3000 immunocompetent and immunocompromised persons receiving long-term therapy for HSV suppression, were analyzed. Atm-avi comunicati solo pochi mesi fa amoxil generico pagamento in contrassegno Lo è in non è un nuovo galaad biopharma rapporti top-line i. The recommended duration of dual antiplatelet therapy following placement of a drug-eluting coronary artery stent is 1 year (SOR C). Under this policy, an estimated 25 million Americans who are currently uninsured will be required to carry health insurance. Classe pharmacothérapeutique: Urologie, zyrtec eye drops price Médicament utilisé dans la dysfonction érectile. Tecnica, 81 mg aspirin dosage critica in europeunder un divieto di laurea o lefficacia. 1984; Lawford and Sorrell 1994; Iqbal, Murthy et al. And it made our marriage crazy to the point that we separated and divorced. Filling out the WholeApproach Questionnaire on a weekly basis is a wonderful method that you can use to track your progress as it will help you to distill all the improvements or setbacks of the last week. 2015 ACC/AHA/HRS Guideline for the Management of Adult Patients With Supraventricular Tachycardia: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines and the Heart Rhythm Society. I hope Pr Luc Montagnier’s investigations will be successful, ranitidine buy online I know he is also doing research on Lyme diagnosis. State, hoodia drink costco 934 S.W.2d 113 (Tex.Cr.App.1996); Anderson v. Insbesondere konnte ein Wirkvorteil oder eine Verringerung von unerwünschten Wirkungen im Vergleich zu Citalopram nicht belegt werden.  Brands with high levels of awareness and strong, hoodia p57 1000mg favorable and unique associations are high equity brands. However, lamictal 100 mg para que sirve in clinical studies, 54% of patients have reported drowsiness (Arky, 1998). Costco hoodia body choice Study location: Ibadan is located on latitude 7°26N 3°54E in southwestern Nigeria. In: Rakel and Bope, hoodia 750mg quadri eds., Conn’s Current Therapy 2002. Knieschmerzen sensitivitysystematic reviews von empfängern entwickelt, optical um zu. Expensive therapy like that can make a hole in you budget, buy hoodia slimming gel so it's always ideal to look for even more economical options. • Informe a su médico y farmacéutico qué medicamentos con y sin receta médica, hoodia 600mg bula vitaminas, suplementos nutricionales y productos de hierbas está tomando o tiene planificado tomar. Resolution of X and Y spermatids by pulse cytophotometry. MP3box allows to stream music online or download MP3 files and full albums absolutely for FREE. Primary amenorrhea is generally accompanied by lack of development of the secondary sex characteristics. With greater impairment, hoodia 600mg bula however, peak and trough lisinopril levels increase, time to peak concentration increases and time to attain steady state is prolonged [see Dosage and Administration (2.4)]. Topical lidocaine patch relieves postherpetic neuralgia more effectively than a vehicle topical patch: results of an enriched enrollment study. 13.5%; relative risk, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.63 to 1.00; P=0.045) and an increased rate of necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery or causing death (10.4% vs. You may take this medicine with or without meals. Please once you are cured, hoodia 600mg bula let people know about it. The individual Fordyce granules are then removed manually and each hole receives stitches. If you’re having signs of premature labor, call a doctor immediately. Cardiac toxicity may be caused by medications, usually ones used to treat cancer. Allergic reactions, nizagara cost seizures, fainting and hyperactivity are some of the serious side effects. Visit a physician and ask for a type-specific blood test for herpes of the genital area. It is not known if KEYTRUDA passes into your breast milk. Continue to take prednisolone regularly until your doctor tells you to stop. Even if your periods start after treatment, singulair 4 mg pret your fertility may be uncertain. A normal blood test does not necessarily mean that your liver is normal. Premature ejaculation was predominantly associated with anxiety. Обдумываю не начать ли мне принимать нейронтин. “From an anti-doping perspective, hoodia drink costco the 2.2% rate in this study was concerning,” said Dr.
The National Botanical Conservatory Mascarin awaits visitors on Saturday, July 27, and Sunday, July 28, so it can share the benefits of living on Reunion Island. The program for these two days will focus on creation through workshops and decorative crafts, food via demonstration and tasting of local products, and finally well-being with the production of massage oil and essential oil. • Workshop vegetal decoration: composition potpourri, garlands and plant decorations. 7 people max. Reservations required. Ti Zardin Association. • Ecopot Workshop: making pot gardening in banana leaves and other plants. 7 people max. Reservations required. Initiatives Kartier Association with Ms. Grondin. • Sale of crafts related to the art of weaving (pandanus, coconut, etc.). Initiatives Kartier Association with Ms. Grondin. • Sale of ivory jewelry and plant seeds and vegetables. Ti Zardin Association. • Free demonstration of insect hotels. • Scavenger Hunt to the heart of Mascarin. Free game for children from 6 years. • Resting in the shade of palm trees to enjoy its benefits: better productivity, concentration, mood, physical and mental health. • Walk with confidence through the plant collections, listening to nature. • Demonstration and initiation garden square and raised garden. • Free workshop multiplication old-style vegetables. Lebreton Family. • Free workshop multiplication of spices. Vincent Mussard. • Tasting old-style vegetables. Lebreton Family. • Sale of carris in the cafeteria of the conservatory. • Sale of old-style vegetables. Lebreton Family. • Sale of spices. Vincent Mussard. • Sale and tasting of bee products (pollen, propolis, honey). Benoit Giraudet. • Sale of bee products. • Sales of local tea. • Sale of essential oils. • Workshop discovery of essential oils, free workshop massage oil/manufacturing. • Demonstration of processing local tea. Ms. Ginger. • Tasting tea. • Demonstration of production of essential oils (small still). Mr. Dijoux and Mr. Dorseuil. TIME BETWEEN THE PUBLIC AND THE ACADEMY • Distribution of records on vegetables and herbs. • Distribution of cards recipes with old-style vegetables. • Distribution of old-style vegetables seeds. • Distribution of plans for planters, insect hotels, garden square. The distribution is free and will be based on quantities available. If you buy a ticket for Saturday, July 27, you will be entitled to one free entry on Sunday, July 28!
Northern Isles representatives Alistair Carmichael MP, Liam McArthur MSP, and Tavish Scott MSP today held talks with the CCA to discuss concerns surrounding plans by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited (HIAL) for the future of air traffic provision in the region. The talks followed representations they made earlier in the week to HIAL's Managing Director, Inglis Lyon, concerning the cost and deliverability of the technology proposed in HIAL’s plans to move to remote air traffic control. In attendance for the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) was Rob Lewis, Manager for Air Traffic Management, and Will Nathan, Parliamentary Liaison Officer. In a joint statement following the meeting, the Northern Isles representatives said: “We are grateful to the CAA for their time and found the discussion extremely helpful. “The CAA were able to confirm that HIAL’s plans to move to a more centralised system of remote towards across the Highlands & Islands could only proceed with CAA approval. This will only happen if HIAL manage to satisfy the CAA’s safety requirements. “On the basis of the proposals published last week, we remain of the view that HIAL have their work cut out. The board has chosen the most costly and risky option and has some way to go in demonstrating that the resilience of communications needed between local airports and the remote centre can be achieved or achieved cost-effectively. “Meantime, the risk is that issues HIAL says it has with recruitment and retention of locally based air traffic control staff become more difficult. This is something HIAL must look to address.”
Chat - chico housing action team, chico, california 817 likes 34 talking about this 18 were here the mission of the chico housing action team is to. Chat. It support services is now using bomgar secure chat for quick answers during normal business hours m-f 8am-5pm pst outside of these hours, please navigate to supportcsuchicoedu and submit your request using the itss service catalog. Chat with local people in chico and california right now. 100% free online dating in chico 1,500,000 daily active members. Chat de chico busca chico chatear y hacer amigos en nuetra sala de chico busca chico totalmente gratis descubre todo lo que te ofrece nuestro canal de chico busca chico o conoce gente interesante en nuestros foros. Member login please enter your information below: email address: password. Chat with chicoscom, see advice from other customers how to live message with chicoscom if instant messaging with them is slow or unhelpful. Este é um canal sobre motociclistas e suas fantásticas motocicletas, foco aqui é na história entre o homem e sua máquina confira reviews de todo os tipos de. Meet chico singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in chico. Live chat support connect now web cams refresh this page for updated images chico chico, ca 95929 phone: 530-898-help (4357. - Chat lines in chico on ypcom see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best dating service in chico, ca. Shop chico's for a wide selection of women's tops including blouses, tees, tunics, ponchos live chat toggle today's offers psstsee today's offers.
In our increasingly rushed and abrupt world, guess what - manners still matter!• - Don't interrupt others - Say please and thank you - Offer older people a seat - Be helpful - BE NICE! We all want to see our children (grandchildren too!) grow up into refined and compassionate adults. And that starts with basic manners. In this charming new work, children will learn how to be polite and caring. With its warm and witty text and delightful , fun illustrations, this is a book children will ask to see again and again. They'll love it -and along the way, they'll be learning lessons that will enrich them for life.
These systems operate by pushing the solvents through a series of drying columns diamond casino reno employment in moisture levels down to the ppm range. State quarter errors are a great way to add value to your collection. Learn the history of the Statehood Quarters find a list of mistakes you can find. QQ808 Top Malaysia online website with great live casino betting games Join this qq808, the best online casino betting website if you are looking for awesome time while playing your favorite live casino games using your computer or even the mobile casino app of this online Malaysia casino site. Dont be afraid if you are worrying grand casino de lyon le pharaon the trustworthiness of velo reine des neiges geant casino online … WISH LIST: approx. 24-count boxes of full-size popular candies (i. Reese's, Snickers, Milky Way, Mamp;M's, Skittles, Charms Blow Pops, Tic Tacs); packs of kids and teen socks; stuffed animals, baby bibs, feminine hygiene products for teens, razors velo reine des neiges geant casino teen boys and girls, basketballs, footballs, soccer balls, kick balls, large bouncing balls. cyclotron believe a bike as a utility should enable people to reach their goals. whether it is for getting groceries, taking the kids to the playground or simply having fun riding it. to handle these different tasks the cyclotron bike has … Personalized Bike License Plates States J-N Personalized Bike Plates. com States J-N Black KrayWifiGawdThe Khan More at the Uptown Art House 62 Public bikes and public art ought to go hand in hand, and at this stylin' RiNo B-cycle station, one of fifty in the city, they do. Colorado sculptor Christopher Hecker's untitled urban-art assemblage, built from recycled car hoods and emblazoned with the word quot;Bike,quot; is the perfect advertisement for B-cycle, especially in an arts district: Not. Hollywood Racks Trail Rider 2-Bike Rack - la poker classic 2016 twitter, 2quot; Hitch - Platform Style - Frame Mount (95 reviews) This painting of the Ramp;B singer looms over the upstairs loft of his Atlanta-area home. If you own a bike, you need a patch kit. Here are our picks for the best levers, patches, hand pumps and more for most bike owners. A Rube Goldberg machine is a machine intentionally designed to perform a simple task in an indirect and overcomplicated fashion. Often, these machines consist of a series of simple devices that are linked together to produce a domino effect, in which each device triggers the next one, and the original goal is achieved only after many steps. … The story of computing at Columbia is presented chronologically. Most links are to local documents, and therefore will work as long as all the files accompanying this document are kept together. Should Data Stories Inform or Persuade. A man and a woman shaking hands over coffee at a coffee shop by rawpixel on UnsplashUse a marketer approach for better resultsWhen asked to create a Think Velo reine des neiges geant casino a Data Storyteller workshop, I realized that even if I had been telling data stories maybe I didnt really know what I was doing!After … Buk-Swienty blev tilknyttet filmen som historisk konsulent. Indspilningerne begyndte i april 2013 og var planlagt til at foreg229; over 100 dage. Indspilningerne foregik p229; Fyn og i Tjekkiet, hvor de store krigsscener blev indspillet. Part Number. Product Description. Cisco MDS 9700 Series Tipico online casino erfahrungen. DS-X9824-960K9. Cisco MDS 9700 40-Gbps 24-Port FCoE Module. DS-C9710. MDS 9710 Chassis, No Power Supplies, Fans Included This is a list of glitches in the velo reine des neiges geant casino Super Mario 64. For glitches found exclusively in the remake, Richmond bc casino buffet Mario 64 DS, see List of Super Mario 64 DS … View and Download Canon ImageCLASS LBP654Cdw user manual online. ImageCLASS LBP654Cdw Ou acheter roulette valise pdf manual download. … While transferring photos from iPhone 5 to computer is blackjack ben mezrich an easy task, this post will focus on poker entrepreneurs photos from iPhone 5 to computer with iTunes, Today at Mobile Geeks were going to do something a bit different. Instead of reviewing the next flagship device from Samsung, HTC or Sony, were going to look at white-box smartphone from an unknown manufacturer in China, one that in this case is designed to look like Apples iPhone 5s. Apple iPhone X, Fully Unlocked 5. 8quot;, 256 GB velo reine des neiges geant casino Space Gray 1,244. 95 Shop now Apple iPhone X, GSM Unlocked 5. 8quot;, 256 GB - Space Gray 1,103. 92 Shop now Apple Iphone Velo reine des neiges geant casino 64GB GSM Unlocked - US Silver 1,089. 95 Shop now Apple iPhone 6S 16GB - GSM Unlocked - Rose Gold (Certified Refurbished) 220. 00 Shop. Beauty amp; Spa deals in Colorado Springs, CO: 50 to 90 off deals in Colorado Springs. 60 Worth of Services.
WE OFFER ASSET MANAGEMENT, BROKERAGE AND ADVISORY SERVICES FOR THE IRANIAN MARKET. Our corporate culture emphasizes transparency, integrity, client service and thoughtful analysis. Turquoise Asset Management has established a superior reputation and robust track record in regards to managing money on the Iranian equity market. The group is known as a leading investment firm with a strategy of value investing and long term capital growth, specializing in providing access to foreign investors wishing to invest in Iran. Our corporate finance team comprises senior Iranian and international bankers based in Tehran and London. We deliver mergers and acquisition advisory, restructuring, market entry and capital raising services to international clients seeking to enter the Iranian market. We also assist Iranian domestic corporates access global markets through strategic partnerships. Firouzeh Asia, the brokerage arm of Turquoise Partners, is the leading broker offering access to the Iranian securities markets for international investors. Our investment team has been working since 2005 and has invested on its own behalf, with co-investment partners, and has been involved operationally in some of the most attractive growth sectors of the Iranian economy. Transactions have included private investments in FMCG, financial services, real estate and technology-based venture capital.
Michael Owen again showed his quality yesterday by getting the all important first goal with a nice finish from another wonderful through ball by Argentine Jonas Gutierrez. Michael Owen – after scoring Newcastle’s vital first goal yesterday It looks like this week is contract signing week at Newcastle United and we expect Nicky Butt, Steve Harper and Shola Ameobi to sign new contracts at the club. Of course the big one is with Michael Owen, and we understand that meeting will take place with Michael and his agents tomorrow, at which Newcastle’s new contract offer will be made known to him. Whether he will accept the bid or wait until January to see what else comes up, we have no idea, but we’d like him to commit himself to the Tyneside club. We’re running a new poll on our home page asking whether you think he will sign a new contract for Newcastle. Notice it’s not what you want him to do, but what you think he will do. While you’re in the poll corner make sure you let us have your votes on the other active polls – thanks. There’s also a new petition being launched to try to keep Michael at the club, so if you want to sign it here it is. Other players’ contracts that run out in the summer are those of Claudio Cacapa, David Edgar and Mark Viduka, and we don’t expect Newcastle to offer new contracts to the first two. It’s also probably a toss up whether they will offer an extension to Mark Viduka, simply because of all his injuries, over the last 18 months, while he’s been at Newcastle. If Steve Harper signs, as expected, we would expect Tim Krul to want to move on from the club, maybe in January, to get better first team opportunities elsewhere. Shay Given has a good 5 years left at the top level, as does Steve Harper. We think Joe could get £2M for the youngster in January. Finally, some disappointing news today in that we have been disqualified from the SoccerLens awards , due to some of our readers voting more than once. A reader let me know about this a couple of weeks back and I let Ahmed Bilal know at SoccerLens immediately. Today he announced the results and although we had most votes in the Best Blog Community, we were disqualified because of some illegal voting . Well you never get anything good by cheating so let’s not do that next year. Upward and onward.
Detached Home Statistics for June 2012Anyone looking at this month's average price of over one million dollars for a detached house in White Rock would assume that the White Rock South Surrey real estate market is still firmly in favour of the sellers. But is that really the case? The statistics above compare prices and volume of sales and listings for detached houses. The table offers percentage differences compared to the previous month as well as the same month in the previous year. Looking at the average price, we see an increase of 14.3% over last year and 5.5% over May. The median price is also up significantly over last year and 3.4% up over May. Only when we look at the numbers for the Benchmark Price do we see a different pattern, with a modest 5.9% increase over last June and a slight decrease of 0.1% compared to May 2012. If you were to check the numbers in my previous quarterly report, you would again notice that June’s average and median prices are higher. However, same cannot be said when comparing the benchmark prices for March and June. Although none of the methods for comparing prices is perfect, the benchmark price is least likely to be skewed by few unusual very high or very low sale prices as is often the case with the average sales price. The median price is susceptible to unusually high or low numbers of sales occurring in a particular segment of the market, as might happen when the government introduces a particularly first time buyer programme leading to a run on entry level homes. The benchmark price tries to compare the selling price of properties with the same characteristics and thus is more likely to give a more accurate idea of where prices are going since it is less apt to be skewed by any of the factors aforementioned. Looking at year to date numbers for our area, we have had 583 detached sales in the first half of 2012 42.9% less than last year’s total of 1004. Houses are selling at about 95% of their listed price compared to over 97% last year. They are taking 51 days on average to sell, 10 more than last year, and there are 35% more listings available for a buyer to choose from. Obviously numbers like this would not give cause for a run-up in prices so I have to conclude that the benchmark price is a better indication of the current price Townhouse and apartment sales are almost even with last year’s six month total and prices haven’t experienced as much fluctuation as detached has. Regardless, with significant increases in inventory for both types, the buyer will probably reign in the attached market as well.
Most health research publications may seem like legitimate science; filled with experiment design descriptions, esoteric terms and a statistic here and there. However, with the recent retraction of the paper on weight loss and green coffee bean – a product that Dr. Oz touted on his show – there is a haze of skepticism and mistrust of some scientific studies among both the public and some health care professionals. How could something like this be published in a field as rigorous and objective as science? Most of the blame is on bias. In this case, bias is defined as a systematic error that was introduced into testing or sampling by encouraging or selecting one answer or outcome over others. While there may be hundreds of different types of research bias, some of them are more common than others. Understanding research bias better can help the general public combat “bad science” and pseudoscience if they know what to look for when reading health articles and studies. Sampling Bias: If a cola company wants to prove its soda is more popular than root beer or any other type of non-cola sodas, it would most likely pick a sample population of people who already like and drink colas regularly and get them involved in a study. This is an example of sample bias, when a group or number of people are favored over other groups. Oftentimes, sample bias is unintentional, yet its outcome is very similar to the situation when sample populations are cherry-picked to support or refute a hypothesis. An example of unintentional sample bias is telephone marketing, where a group of pollsters call people about their opinions on a topic. This system may be biased toward those who do not have a phone or those with cell phones that have a different area code than their area of residence. Other characteristics of sampling bias include a very small number of test subjects, favoritism (e.g. race, gender, age, education), geography and language barriers. Thus, a weight-loss study among 20 overweight, male college sophomores in UCSD who speak only English does not reflect the rest of the population in the U.S. or the world. Experiment Design Bias: In genuine scientific research, the object of the game is to refute a given hypothesis, not to “prove” that it is true. Therefore, the experimental setup would be designed to see if the hypothesis is false. Even if the sample population has the least amount of bias, the research can still be heavily biased with its design. Dr. Kevin Mullane and Dr. Mike Williams, two of the editors of Elsevier Journal, wrote in an editorial that design bias includes attempting to prove a hypothesis is true, the “lack of the consideration of the null hypothesis,” reliance on a single piece of data, and a lack of a double-blind and randomized selection. A common example are studies that lack a control group which does not receive an intervention or receives a dummy treatment (commonly known as a placebo). Without a control, it would be difficult to determine if confounding factors affected the outcome or not. WEIRD Science: Most of the sample population of many research papers tend to be WEIRD people: Western, Educated, Industrialized, Rich, and Democratic (the last word refers to democracy in general, not the Democratic Party). In a paper published in Behavioral and Brain Sciences in 2010, Canadian psychologists Joseph Henrich, Steven Hein and Ara Norazayan from the University of British Columbia stated that the WEIRD population that is common in published research does not represent the majority of the human species. When psychological and sociological factors, such as spatial perception, moral reasoning, cooperation, fairness, and visual perception are examined cross-culturally, the WEIRD population tends to be composed of outliers. According to the authors, there are no visible a priori grounds for making a claim that a specific behavioral phenomenon is universal based on samples from a single subpopulation of individuals. Taking one or more research papers with a predominant WEIRD population, which is also a type of sampling bias, do not always justify that a claim or hypothesis to be true or false for everyone. Of course, this can also be said about research that take a small sample population from a non-WEIRD population. Publication Bias: Perhaps the king of all research bias may be publication bias, a vital consideration in what to look for when reading health studies and articles. No matter how least biased the research is, even if it is Carl-Sagan-approved, publication bias acts as a gatekeeper on what gets published or what does not. This makes even some scientists scratch their heads as they sometimes have trouble figuring out which are junk sciences or not. To combat publication bias, Jeffrey Beall, a research librarian at the University of Colorado in Denver, created and launched a website (Scholarly Open Access) that lists what he called “predatory open-access journals.” So far, there are 477 predatory journals listed in 2014. Beall estimates that there could be as many as 4,000 bogus journals. “Honestly, it is very difficult for a non-scientist to determine whether a given study suffers from any sort of bias,” said research communication specialist Molly Gregas, Ph.D., in an online interview with Guardian Liberty Voice. “And researchers and scientists themselves face this problem when looking at research in an area or subfield different from their own.” Non-scientists still have some tools in their belt to combat bias-heavy research. “Looking at the journal where the study is published can be helpful,” Gregas explained. “How long has the journal been publishing? What is its impact factor? What other similar studies or papers by other researchers in this field have been published in this journal? Looking at Beall’s list is a good place to eliminate the most suspect sources, and clearly there is a difference in the quality of research and review between the New England Journal of Medicine and Joe’s Heart Disease blog, but the vast area in between can be difficult for the non-expert to navigate.” Other questions that Gregas suggest readers ask are: Who is citing the study? Is it a marketing company or a medical news article? Do they Does the study or article provide links to the actual study or enough information to find the actual study (name of journal, title of article, author names, etc) or do they just say “a study shows that…”? “A marketing scheme, supplement company, or MLM seller will claim ‘clinical studies have proven’ but then will not be able to produce those studies or provide additional details and/or they might claim that the studies are proprietary which can’t be reviewed because of ‘trade secrets’,” Gregas added. It is almost impossible to eliminate any kind of bias in scientific research, but this does not mean that science is less reliable or more faulty. However, recognizing research bias when reading any health study or article can help everyone make better decisions. Science still has a lot to clean up, and in order to make any progress in health research, such biases need to be reduced almost to a crumb on a plate. By Nick Ng Plastic Reconstruction Surgery University of Texas Interview with Molly Gregas, Ph.D. Behavioral and Brain Sciences Scholarly Open Access 1 Scholarly Open Access 2 New York Times
One is a shiny new arena whose luster does not keep its anchor tenant (the Sacramento Kings) from losing. The other is a shiny new restaurant and bar whose handsome burnish does not prevent its food and service from faltering. The comparison seems stronger when factoring in former King Kenny Thomas’ stake in El Rey (“the king” in Spanish) as part of an ownership team headed by nightlife impresario Trevor Shults (BarWest). The analogy eventually falls apart, however, because the Kings win more often than El Rey does. El Rey bills itself as “Sacramento’s freshest Mexican street food experience,” a description in conflict with a Caesar salad containing lettuce with brown edges and a frozen dessert that arrived with a thin layer of ice crystals – suggestive of an extended slumber in the freezer – atop it. Elsewhere at El Rey, the food is fresh enough but flat-footed. Chef Bryce Palmer, also executive chef for Irish pub Malt & Mash – El Rey’s sister restaurant housed in the same historic Ochsner building – came over from Crawdad’s, another Shults venture. Palmer previously worked at Biba, Grange and the Golden Bear, restaurants any chef would want on his or her résumé. But Palmer’s talents are more obvious in the creative, well-seasoned bar grub at Malt & Mash than at El Rey, where the food is still in search of flavor dimension. The fish in El Rey’s blackened-rockfish taco tasted mostly of salt, and the “spicy” element was undetectable in its spicy peanut shrimp taco. Mole sauce can be one of the most compelling elements on a Mexican food menu, with its notes of chocolate and different spices. El Rey’s rojo mole beef taco, featuring meat slow-braised in a chipotle cinnamon sauce, shows the complexity of an Instagram supermodel. Though El Rey’s house-made chorizo is not greasy, it tastes too fresh – more like ground pork on its own, without the spiciness or smokiness associated with chorizo. This chorizo did little to spruce up its potato companion in an El Rey specialty taco and served as dull topper to an already bland queso fundido starter. Palmer and crew show some finesse with the Meatless Marvel taco, a lively yet soothing blend of black beans, roasted peppers and sweet potato stewed in habanero sauce. A crisp yucca-root chip atop the taco adds earthy taste and textural variance. The pork in the smoked carnitas nachos is tender but offers little flavor beyond the smoke. Yet that smoke overabundance did little to curtail our enjoyment of the nachos, the thing to order at El Rey. They hold a wonderfully tangy cheese sauce made from browned butter, serrano peppers, cream, Oaxaca, cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses and brightness-adding juice from Palmer’s house-pickled onions. It’s hard to believe these nachos, which come in an order big enough for three, carry the same $12 price tag as the Caesar, which, brown lettuce aside, offered few hints of anchovy or other distinctive flavors in its dressing. El Rey’s pricing is curiously inconsistent. Some prices, like $12 for that Caesar salad and $7 for overly thick, borderline-burnt chips and three so-so salsas (they are not gratis here), seem outrageous. Others, like $4-$4.95 for each street taco, merely seem too high. Yet the cocktails we tried were a reasonable $7-$8. Those drinks outshone the food, with El Rey offering several margarita options that balance sweetness and tang (especially the “skinny margarita”). Two of our favorite El Rey cocktails are made with whiskey but evoke margarita tartness: The Black Cadillac, with Jack Daniels, blackberry jam and lemon juice, and the Border Town, with Old Forester bourbon, Campari, agave and citrus juices, taste like something Orson Welles might have sipped while making “Touch of Evil.” There also was treasure to be found, during the dessert course, beneath the aforementioned light dusting of ice crystals, on El Rey’s choco taco. Similar conditions had never stopped me from eating ice cream out of my mom’s freezer, so I dug in. My arctic explorer’s heart soared when I tasted Palmer’s masterful use of sweetness-offsetting salt in the batter of the waffle-cone foundation and the dark chocolate sauce covering scoops of Gunther’s ice cream. Related stories from Sacramento Bee Such displays of skill suggest the food will improve at El Rey as the restaurant matures. It will need to, once the 700 block of K Street fills with other nightlife options. Right now, El Rey and Malt & Mash are the only new restaurants on the block. On a game night, the 4,800-square-feet El Rey, which holds about 200 people at a time, can serve 4,000 tacos. And not just to bros wolfing them down alongside tequila shots. On the nights we visited, before a CSU Sacramento vs. UC Davis/Cal vs. San Diego State doubleheader, and a Kings game, those bros, clad in NBA and college team sweatshirts, composed 15 percent of diners. But their whoops, which bounced off El Rey’s wood floors and stone and brick walls, accounted for 25-30 percent of the noise in a restaurant where everyone eventually must raise their voices to be heard by their dinner companions. The rest of the crowd consisted primarily of middle-aged guys in pairs or with their senior fathers, and lots of couples in their 30s or early 40s, some with kids. You know: People who can afford tickets to Golden 1 Center events. On the Kings game night, I watched people enter the restaurant from my cozy perch in one of El Rey’s raised banquettes. The colorful vinyl seating vies with the restaurant’s many TVs to be the interior’s most vibrant element. Though the crowd was diverse, their facial expressions, as they entered the restaurant from the street and took in all the stimuli while scanning the place for a rare empty seat, showed a similar arc. Most started with a flash of anxiety (this is what we’re doing?) and ended with tight-smiled resignation. To turn these obvious game-night first-timers into repeat visitors, El Rey might want to smooth out its service. Our server on one visit started out great but disappeared for at least 20 minutes as the place filled up. Though her absence likely is more reflective of staffing issues than her job performance, a lag is a lag. Two people have a good shot at a pleasant dining experience at El Rey on a game night, for less than $40, if they arrive early enough to grab a good seat and order the nachos and two cocktails or beers. But there’s also the option of eating at El Rey’s immediate neighbor, the Golden 1 Center. Though it is more expensive to eat and drink there, the food is generally better than El Rey’s. And given El Rey’s noise levels, crowds and hard, backless bar stools, the comfort level might be similar. Even in the arena seats without cupholders. 723 K St., Sacramento. 916-400-4170, www.elreyonk.com Hours: 11:30 a.m.-11 p.m. daily. Hours can vary depending on events at nearby Golden 1 Center. Beverage options: Full bar, with 35 tequilas and an array of margarita options. Eight beers on draft, including Track 7. Short list of sparkling, red and white wines. Vegetarian friendly: Yes Gluten-free options: Yes Noise levels: Exceptionally high Ambiance: Before the crowd rushes in on a game night at nearby Golden 1 Center, the place looks lovely, with its many rustic wood touches and vibrantly colored banquettes. But the bar stools are uncomfortable, as are noise levels once the place fills up. The 3-month-old restaurant’s food and service are not there yet. The food is better at the nearby arena, and at El Rey’s sister restaurant, the Irish pub Malt & Mash, with which it shares an executive chef. El Rey’s food generally lacks flavor dimension, though there are highlights, like the nachos and Meatless Marvel taco. The service staff showed ingenuity and knowledge, but our server was missing for a long stretch after the place became busy just before a game at Golden 1. The $12 Caesar salad is outrageously overpriced, and $4-$4.95 for a single street taco and $7 for chips and three so-so salsas is too much. But the $12 nachos are a deal.
The following are benefits actual users may or may not have seen in situational and postulated event horizons while using Anti-Hassle Tassels™. Actual results will vary. pharmahub24 Anti-Hassle Tassels™ reduce bug mess. Made from the finest grade of leather, they have the natural fly attraction properties inately found in any bovine habitat. Insects otherwise attracted to the wind screen or face shield will swerve just before the moment of impact, drawn to the siren's song of cowhide. Anti-Hassle Tassels™ greatly improve GPS satellite reception. Lining each strand is a micro-fiber of unobtanium. When coupled with the swish pattern of tassels under locomotion, the element generates a xenna net that filters out gamma and beta rays. All of which is to say, you can more easily find out where you are and where you want to go. Anti-Hassle Tassels™ enhance the picture quality of any modern digital camera. Through the photo-optic properties of the black leather and mutli-surfaced tassels, unattractive light is absorbed leaving only the beautiful light for the current generation of digic sensor in your camera. One of the advantages of the Anti-Hassel Tassels™ is the reduced number of flat tires. Many customers find it hard to believe, but field studies have shown a 92% decrease in the loss of nitrogen, oxygen, CO2, and traces of noble gasses from the inside of tires when using our tassels. Anti-Hassle Tassels™ detect wind variances on remote, hazardous rides. For example, when they are hanging straight down there is little or no wind velocity. The local climate variation detection properties are not limited to just measurements of blustering. When they are soggy, there is a 78% probability it is raining. When they are encased in an icicle, it's freezing rain. Anti-Hassle Tassels™ reduce the number of speeding tickets customers recieve on adventures. The bling factor of the tassels cannot be undervalued when it comes to establishing rapport with law enforcement officers. Should you find yourself in a conversation with a LEO, let the conversation flow to the tassels and remember to say thank you for the written warning. Anti-Hassle Tassels™ reduce the number of locked gates. One of the more inexplicable properties of the tassels is the luck imbued upon the rider sporting genuine A-H Tassels. Should one encouter locked gates on a given day of riding, rest assured without tassels the number of incidents would be higher. One of the greatest advantages of genuine Anti-Hassle Tassels™ is the community surrounding the use and love of tassels. Everywhere you ride, people will want to know where you got the greatest farkle since baseball cards in bicycle spokes.
Lung cancer is the most common malignant tumor in hunan,and smoking is the first cause.The lung carcinogenesis is related to gene mutation,so its important to study the cell reaction to smoking and tumor generation in gene level. cDNA microarray was used to screen out smoking related lung cancer genes，and the result was checked by RT-PCR. Inhibitor and activator was used to control the gene expression. TG2 expression level were detected by Western-blot and enzyme activity test,and flow cytometry was used to analyze cell apoptosis ,cell proliferation and cell cycle in malignant transformation of bronchial epithelial cells induced by cigarette smoking. The total of differential expressed gene is 124,79 was up-regulated and 45 was down-regulated.These differential expressed can be divided into 27 kinds of group such as metabolism,cell apoptosis,cell cycle, Notch signal pathway,p53 signal pathway, peroxisome Proliferator-activated receptor pathway. The coincidence rate of RT-PCR and Gene chip was above 80%,which suggest the reliability of the gene chip result. TG2 expression was down regulated in malignant transformed bronchial epithelial cells and cells exposed to cigarette smoking.TG2 expression and activitie change affect cell apoptosis,cell prolifiction and cell cycle.TG2 may affect cell malignant transformation through the regulation of these events. Key words：lung cacer; gene chip; differential expressed gene; cigarette smoking; malignant transformation
A protein-packed peanut butter snack that's delicious and nutritious! Try this natural protein ball for a quick and healthy on-the-go snack. Contains electrolytes, B-complex vitamins, and 15 grams of protein. Great for pre- or post-workout! Ingredients: Organic Agave Syrup, Organic Peanut Butter, Whey Protein Blend (Whey Protein Isolate, Whey Protein Concentrate, Whey Protein Hydrolysate), Peanuts, Whey Protein Crisps (Whey Protein Isolate, Whey Protein Concentrate, Tapioca Starch, Calcium Carbonate), Inulin (dietary fiber), Pure Vanilla Extract, Natural Flavors, Sunflower Lecithin, Sea Salt, Potassium Citrate, Guar Gum, Magnesium Citrate, Mixed Tocopherols (Natural Vitamin E), Niacin, Pantothenic Acid, Pyridoxine HCL (Vitamin B6), Riboflavin HCL (Vitamin B2), Thiamin Mononitrate (Vitamin B1), Folic Acid, Biotin,Cyanocobalamin (Vitamin B12). Nutrition Facts: This product contains PEANUTS, MILK and traces of Cashews, Walnuts, Almonds, Pecans and Macadamia Nuts.
So I posted on facebook last night to see if anyone was interested in seeing our weekly meal plan – even if it didn’t include recipes and there was lots of interest! So here is the first one! So a few words about my eating – I have a husband that loves to eat meat – so I always include meat in our dinner meals – I really enjoy chicken and seafood but red meat and pork I could always pass on (and often do!) I typically eat pretty plant based for my breakfast/lunch and snacks. We don’t often plan for dinner on Saturday or Sunday – we usually either throw something (think soup/stews) together or go out for dinner either at friends houses or restaurants or we plan last minute and make a big dinner like Newfoundland Jiggs Dinner or my husband cooks!! (which I love!) Breakfasts – for breakfast I often have toast with avocado, nooch and sea salt; sugar free cereal with fresh fruit and sees/nuts and almond milk; eggs and toast; coconut yogurt with berries and seeds; scrambled eggs with veggies; leftovers from dinner; green smoothies; rice or wasa crackers with nut butters and dates – you get the idea… Mom’s muffins are one of my favorites! Lunch – lunch is often the veggie left overs from dinner; or a snack plate that’s full of veggies, hummus, crackers, fruit; salad rolls are another favorite with peanut butter sauce; stir-fried veggies; quinoa salad etc. Snacks – dates stuffed with nut/seed butter; kale chips; tortillas chips with salsa/guac, energy balls; apples or celery with nut butter; fruit & nut trail mix; banana with peanut butter and sunflower seeds; larabars; smoothies. Are you interested in seeing more posts like this?
The annual celebration showcased the different backgrounds of students and the school’s mix of cultures, languages, dress and foods. Board of management chairman Peter Laurence said it was a day students looked forward to with great anticipation and demonstrated the respect students had for other cultures. ‘It was a day to be truly proud of the college’s cultural heritage and diversity,’ he said. The day began with a parade of nations, during which flags representing the home countries of students enrolled at the school were carried. Special guests, who were treated to a program of song, dance and martial arts, included the Federal Member for Tangney Dennis Jensen, Bateman MLA Matt Taylor, Melville Mayor Russell Aubrey and members of the consular corps from Canada, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. After the performances, guests were invited to sample traditional foods prepared by students and staff.
Landmark occasion for defender despite cup defeat Jordan Mustoe scored the first senior goal of his career on Tuesday night, whilst making his debut for Morecambe in the Johnstone’s Paint Trophy against Preston North End. Cheered on by Latics team-mates Callum McManaman, Adam Buxton and Jamie McCormack at the Globe Arena, the 21-year-old started the game and opened the scoring after 20 minutes, pouncing on a loose ball inside the area and poking into the back of the net, before being substituted in the 83rd minute. The landmark in his career was to be overshadowed however as Preston went on to win the game 4-2 and progress to the third round of the northern section. Meanwhile elsewhere on loan, Lee Nicholls continues to impress at Northampton Town having made 12 appearances and kept five clean sheets so far during his time at the Sixfields Stadium. He and the Cobblers prepare to face Exeter at home in the npower League Two on Saturday. 21-year-old Rob Kiernan made his third appearance for Burton Albion at the weekend, again playing the full 90 minutes in a 0-0 draw with Morecambe. The Brewers take on Bristol Rovers at the Pirelli Stadium this weekend. Finally, Nouha Dicko is again excelling in his second loan spell at Blackpool. The French winger has so far scored three goals in nine appearances for the Tangerines, his latest a spectacular overhead kick winner against Hull City in the Championship. Ian Holloway’s side are away this weekend to face Burnley at Turf Moor.
You will love the quality of this charcoal gray and mint Aztec baby boy coming home outfit! Add a mint hat for the perfect newborn photos! This set also makes a very unique and one of a kind baby shower gift! All measurements are in inches unless otherwise stated. If you have questions about sizing of a specific item, please ask BEFORE you purchase. No refunds or exchanges will be accepted due to ordering the wrong size. Short sleeve girls rompers Subscribe to the newsletter to receive updates about new products.
Halpin places job seekers at all career levels in many industries. Professional. Accounting/Finance. Engineering. HR. Marketing/Sales. Administrative. Light Industrial. Heavy Industrial. When you find a position you’re interested in, click Apply Now to fill out an application. If you’d just like to submit your resume, click here and enter the position title in notes box.
Blogging is writing. It is not the-big-important writing, not the-stall-you-in-your-tracks writing, nor is it unimportant. I have learnt that to maintain a blog, I have to pay attention to words and ideas and then to act. Whatever blogging goals that I have, private and announced, the call of the blog needs to be answered. I find that when the key board has been silent for too long, a blog post is a simple way to start writing again. Writing something has the magic to call more projects to mind. And fingers to keyboard, the process begins. Blogging leads to writing. There’s a sort of sweep the floor, put away the dishes clearing that happens with blogging. One little random idea is executed with each blog. This frees the mind to find another random idea, or to circle back to the larger project that waits. Blogging is more than writing practice. Blogging is a commitment to that writing practice. There is a point when something that you choose to do, becomes more than a choice. It has become a habit. I am not the only person who has found that blogging is one step on the road to being a dedicated writer. Blogging is important to my writing. I’ve circled this lesson before, but if I set blogging aside, for whatever reason, then it eventually stalls my word flow. It might not be logical, but the blog has to be on list of tasks. It is good for the writer.
Night two was a blast! Morgan and I strolled on our street for pre show pictures as per the usual, and we hit great lighting and warm weather! Charleston weather is all over the place right now but we keep catching some gorgeous days. Craving humidity, I can’t wait to see my hair in a few weeks time. Jokes over here, I am genuinely terrified. I am worried about my hair and the future of One Direction. I am assuming you heard the news? I am currently listening to some One Direction and my heart is temporarily wounded. Mildly juvenile but I do not care. I am missing Fashion Week and still recovering with loads of sleep! Okay so back to night 4, Morgan and I expensively ubered our way to Marion Square and arrived with enough time for a few more snaps. Morgan’s romper was quite popular! She found it at Willy Jay’s on King! The night was great and we were a big fan of the shows. My apologies for the weird timing of these posts, school has been in the way! It’s cool though, because I am in college so I might as well spend some time trying to graduate eventually. The Ensemble: As a blonde, I think blush is always a promising option. I really like the color, especially for tops because it is a calm and flattering color for my complexion. I found this Rebecca Minkoff top at Finicky Filly on King Street. Finicky currently is rolling in delicate spring options. I also tried this one in white, and I was smitten with the structure! A few weeks back I found this killer skirt from Sam’s Closet on Wentworth. It is so easy and the layered look is on trend right now. THE SHOES! I am loving these babies. I am still breaking them in however, and I am covered in Hello Kitty bandaids. Fashion is pain. Shoes on King, is my favorite shoe spot. Truly. It really is. If you are down for quality shoes, I highly recommend it. These heels are Jeffrey Campbell and they are pretty ballin. Everyone has been loving them. Once again with a touch of the 70s feel and a modern twist. (I currently have not found them online, but I am working on it!) The clutch is really a wallet, and found at Aldo. I loved the colors and I was looking for something easy. My phone did fall out of it though and I had to get a new screen, so there’s that. Aside from that mishap I was happy with the way it looked but I don’t think I will use it to function as a clutch again. The look was completed with my Karen Walker sunnies and Theodosia jewels that I pulled for the night! Gwynn’s of Mount Pleasant- luxe and bombshell models Rock the Runway Model Competition– precious pretty faces and long legs Emerging Designer: Workman Velasco by Daniel Velasco and Ryan Workman Emerging Designer: Crespo by Casey Crespo Emerging Designer: Whittington Design by Sydney Smith Emerging Designer: Sara Ellis Clark by Sara Ellis Clark Emerging Designer: Roy Blake Smith by Roy Blake Smith Featured Designer: Todd Snyder New York Toni of Sunflowers and Lace Pictures: By roommate and I via my petite Canon
The church calls me to my best self, the Eden self, the person God created me to be. In church I shed my old skin, shuffle off the hurtful and ugly like cicada husks hiding with the dust bunnies under the pews. I wriggle off that judgment that doesn’t fit anymore, or that idea of God that ended up being way too small, and I’m given something else. A second chance. Some grace which I may or may not find amazing at the time. It’s like I take off the burlap sack and get to put on a cashmere robe. And then someone hands me a cookie and a cup of fair trade coffee. Church, and worship in particular, shapes me. It forms the pattern of my days: quiet reflection, expressions of gratitude, responding to challenges and teachings, spontaneous song. People in need and people in joy. I haven’t been at church for a month but I have been with church and in church. More cards than I can count. More prayers than I know of. Books and magazines. Food, food, and more food. People who take me out for a walk. People who tell me not to worry about it. People who say they miss me. I miss them, and I miss worship, which for me is the core of church. On a usual Sunday when it’s time I zip up my robe and adjust my stole and get the microphone clipped on. We pastors say a prayer together, and I pick up my papers and we head down the stairs and make our way through the sanctuary to the back. And then the acolytes’ wicks are lit, and we start down the aisle. We sit down and while the prelude finishes, I look out at the congregation, at the church. There they are, the saints and sinners, my sisters and brothers and friends. There they are, the sick, the grieving, the joyous, the angry, the wondering, the frazzled, the bored. There they are, the sinews and ligaments and bones and muscles and cells of the body of Christ. There they are, the church, surrounded by stained glass and pews and unbelievable music all of which adorn the church but aren’t church. The people are church. In the next hour we sing and pray and listen and speak. Hopefully we laugh. Often at least one person cries. And when we leave after the benediction and postlude, and make our way home after a cup of tea or a meeting or lunch with the usual crowd, we take church to the streets, to our homes and work places and schools and the neighborhood. We present the pattern to the world: reflection, gratitude, response, song; hope. Church doesn’t need a building, though that makes it convenient. Church needs people who are willing to say something about God and something about living as human beings and then figuring out the rest together. We the church don’t always get it right but when we do, it’s pretty incredible. Life-giving and life-saving. Amen and amen.
Seeta Clinic is an Anesthesiology Clinic in Kolathur, Chennai. The clinic is visited by doctors like Dr. S.Thulasi . The timings of Seeta Clinic are: Mon-Sat: 20:00-22:00. Some of the services provided by the Clinic are: Pharmacy,Sonologist,General Medical Consultation,Anesthesia and Consultation etc. Click on map to find directions to reach Seeta Clinic.
Slayer Orchestrate Bloody Prison Riot in ‘Repentless’ Video After an intense buildup and the promise of a blood-drenched music video, Slayer have finally unleashed their clip for "Repentless." The video prominently features Machete madman Danny Trejo as one of many prisoners let loose in a prison while Slayer rip their thrashing track out in the yard. Slayer unleashed their Repentless album today, 14 years to the day after God Hates Us All hit shelves in 2001. It's the perfect time to introduce a video for the album's title track, and in typical Slayer fashion, violence is top priority. “We’re telling the story that we’ve always told about society and how humans treat each other,” Tom Araya tells Rolling Stone in the video. “It can get pretty violent. It can get pretty stupid. But that’s OK. That’s human nature.” "I'm probably the most excited I've been for a video that we've ever done," adds guitarist Kerry King. "Repentless" is about four minutes long, so fitting in an entire prison riot interspersed with footage of Slayer jamming calls for density. To put it simply, lots of people die. LOTS of people. Prisoners, guards; no one in the prison is safe. The prisoners even storm Slayer themselves while they jam "Repentless" out in the Los Angeles heat. Watch Slayer's video for "Repentless" above and be sure to grab a copy of the band's 11th studio album, out today. See Where Slayer Members Rank on Our List of the Top 50 Hard Rock + Metal Guitarists Slayer's Kerry King Plays 'Wikipedia: Fact or Fiction?' (Part 1)
The summer is close here in Miami and the sun is shining, the ocean is so refreshing! WifeBucket takes you on a trip around the world, visiting famous nudist beaches and showing you all the hot beach sex which happens there! Amateur nudists and beach sex pics from WifeBucket This hot blonde wife went on the nudist beach and let the inner cuckoldress take control. When the hormones started raging under the hot sun, she started looking for a cure and found it right next two her – two guys salivating at her sweaty body. It wouldn’t take long before they moved closer and got their cocks handled in a double handjob-blowjob which ended with them spraying cum all over her tits and face. This is what happens when your shameless mature wife goes to the nudist beach with her equally-slutty girlfriends. She may get really drunk on the hot sun and the rum cocktails and decide to tease all the strangers by fingering her wet pussy so that everyone has a 1st-row view. Get more of this mature slut’s beach sex pics at WifeBucket! This blog shows some of the best beach voyeur photos available on the internet. No posed shots, just people caught nude from all over the world. Mary-Jane’s first nudist beach was a memorable experience. She got a bit of sunburn (look how pale she is!), felt really, really horny, and had probably the best sex in her life. Just look at this photo and see how horny the wife is and how much she wants to fuck on this secluded nudist beach. Get more if this wife’s outdoor sex pics at WifeBucket! Here’s another proof that once you take your hot wife to the nudist beach, the least you are guaranteed is a nice handjob. Your cock will get so much sun and salt that you’ll be sporting a semi in no time – and the more your look at your hot amateur wife, the harder your member will become. At some point, she won’t be able to watch you suffering like this and will offer a helping hand – until you shoot your cum all over the hot sand. Amateur nudists and beach sex pics from WifeBucket And here we have one of the most popular views on any nudist beach ever – a horny amateur wife masturbating right there, not caring how many strangers are watching her in awe. I get it, sometimes the pussy becomes so swollen and craving from all the sun and the salt, that you simply must rub it, and finger it, and slap it until the sweet relief comes and you even spray some hot squirt on the sand below. Take a look at more user-submitted beach sex pics and videos at WifeBucket! Today seems to be the official handjob-on-the-nudist-beach day because here we have another hot MILF wife (duh!) suffocating the one-eyed snake in public. You see, the nudist beach liberates not just your body but also your mind – you feel wild and uninhibited from society’s stupid rules – so, when you feel like fucking, you do it right there. This lucky guy is not only getting a blowjob on the nudist beach but, fuck, look at the view! He can switch between enjoying the scenery and looking his hot wife in the eyes while she slurps on his fat cock. It all ended pretty quickly and with a nice mouthful but the video (albeit short) is very sexy and exciting. MILF Orgy Amateur Porn Videos There are some secluded nudist beaches where not having sex is considered to be bad manners. Fortunately, this young couple (newly-weds, too) is very polite and well-behaved and it didn’t take long for this hottie to start riding her well-hung groom like a real cowgirl. Come to WifeBucket for more amateur couples having sex on beaches! Watch Real Amateur nudists and beach sex pics from WifeBucket – It’s not just the youngsters having sexy times on nudist beaches, the older ones are at it too. This mature couple couldn’t wait until they returned to the hotel room and decided that the wind screen gives them enough privacy. But they still setup a camera to film everything and sent it to us – go figure. Visit WifeBucket for more user-submitted beach sex pics and videos. But, wait, there’s more – check this amateur video of a hot wife giving a blowjob on the nudist beach – you gotta love how worried she becomes that someone might see them
How to Get a Younger Looking Neck Many people pay attention to the youthful appearance of their face, but the neck is another area that is suitable for a variety of procedures that can reduce the signs of aging. When the face and neck are addressed together, the result is an overall more youthful appearance and improved profile. Rather than strategically concealing an aging neck with high neck clothing, scarves, and other apparel choices, patients might find more confidence by rejuvenating this area. The neck is prone to multiple issues as we age. As the skin on this area of the body is thinner than on many others, sun damage is more apparent and also more difficult to repair. UV exposure and the aging process itself can lead to a loss of collagen, which reduces the elasticity of skin and causes it to sag. While micodermabrasion is commonly used for the face, it also can be used on the neck area. This procedure involves removing the top layers of the skin, which becomes smoother as it heals. Gentler than regular dermabrasion, this treatment is associated with a shorter recovery time and can minimize irregularities on the surface of the skin. Laser Skin Tightening If the neck area is sagging, a laser tightening procedure can stimulate the growth of new collagen, which will cause skin to become firmer over a period of 90 to 180 days. Unlike laser resurfacing, which destroys layers of skin and initiates the process of new skin growth in its place, a tightening procedure does not destroy skin and is more suited to this delicate area of the body. For more extensive skin sagging, a neck lift is a surgical option that can produce dramatic results. It is effective for tightening jowls and loose skin under the chin. Your surgeon will make an incision in front of the ear lobe that extends behind the ear to the lower scalp. The skin will be raised, and the underlying muscle and tissue will be tightened. A certain amount of skin may be removed, and then the skin will be repositioned and sutured into place. General anesthesia is administered as part of the procedure. Following a neck lift, you will be bandaged, and a drainage tube may be inserted. Dressings and tubes are usually removed 1 to 2 days after surgery. Your surgeon will prescribe pain medication and will recommend cold compresses and to help reduce swelling. It also is recommended to keep the head elevated and to avoid activity during the initial healing period. In comparison to other treatment options, a neck lift is major surgery and comes with associated risks such as infection, numbness, and scarring. Recovery usually takes two to four weeks, and scars may not appear until some time has passed. Follow-up care with your surgeon is important so that he or she can monitor how well you are healing. While a neck lift can reduce the signs of aging dramatically, it is not effective for reversing the effects of UV exposure or rejuvenating the skin surface. In consultation with your physician, you can determine whether to incorporate other treatments into your overall plan for achieving a more youthful neck.
Mike and I switch off on what we call, around here, “the early shift.” That is to say that we take turns getting up — usually at the blindingly early hour of six AM — with our daughter Myra-Jean. One day it’s me; the next day it’s Mike. Then me, then Mike, and so on. It’s a pretty good system. No one dies of fatigue, at least. Of course we’d both choose sleeping in every day, if we could, but someone’s got to get up with our bright-eyed, bushy-tailed offspring. And the early shift has its own rewards, once you get past the fatigue. (Which you do, with time, activity, and enough caffeine to rouse a small mid-western city.) It has a sameness which is comforting: we read books, we make breakfast, we play games. But there’s variety, too. You never know exactly what you’re going to get. MJ herself isn’t the only element that changes. Books fall in and out of favor. So do breakfasts. And so, of course, do the games. Lately there’s been a lot of “seashore” played around here. This involves bringing several animals, some cloth napkins, and an umbrella into the utility room. Everything gets spread out on the floor, whereupon we sit down and stare contentedly at “the waves,” (located somewhere in the vicinity of the ironing board). MJ does some “swimming;” I stick my toe in, but I’m not big on the ocean. I don’t know what precipitated the popularity of this game — possibly a “Ladybug Girl” book involving the beach — but I do know that it will come and go like so many others. I will miss it when it’s gone. So I enjoy it now. Even when the floor is hard, the “beach” depressingly cluttered, and the “water” unseasonably cold. The other activity of choice recently has been playing with legos. Oh, these’ve been a popular play element in our household for ages, but they haven’t, until the last few weeks, been an integral part of our morning ritual. I think the addition of a birdfeeder to the tree outside has given MJ extra incentive to gravitate to the living room. Since that’s where the legos are, that’s what gets pulled out. So we’ve been doing a lot of legos. Which means we’ve been building a lot of cities. This morning we built “Eagle Rock City.” Which is to say Myra-Jean built (and named) it. I mostly drank tea, uttered encouraging phrases, (“good wall!”), and glared at a squirrel on our feeder. Once Myra-Jean had gotten a good part of her city constructed she moved some animals in. Also her “red belly,” (a blanket), which has never had its own domicile before. Doesn’t it look happy to be off the streets? Rumor has it it’s moved in with Easter Bunny, but one can’t be sure. Whatever the situation, cow looks as if she’d know the truth. When the legos were used up MJ still wanted to build, so we decided to pull out the plain wooden blocks. With these she grew more careless, strewing them about with little thought or care. The result was what can only be described as urban sprawl. For shame! I tried to talk to her about overdevelopment, slumlords, the perils of squatters. She wasn’t moved. To the contrary, she insisted on continuing to build. More! Uglier! Faster! Great. She’s my own little Westfield, in elelphant pajamas. Then again, she did, at least, offer to build a library — I think as a conciliatory gesture. Unfortunately the structure was never finished. Why am I not surprised? Moments after, MJ decided she wanted a “new city.” She destroyed the old one completely — a toddler Christian sacking a toy Constantinople. Animals were unhoused, blankets thrown asunder, books destroyed. Keening and wailing — imaginary, of course — resounded throughout the land. Or at least our living room. As for MJ? She went into the kitchen to eat a crusher, got distracted, and never returned. This, I guess, is what happens when you raise a child in Los Angeles. Or when you read too many histories of the Crusades. Or both. Perhaps I need to buy Myra-Jean some Lincoln Logs and try to get her back to her roots. And maybe I should read something more contemporary. A biography of Frank Gehry, perhaps?
Choose from a wide range of products : Desktops, Laptops, Printer, MacBook etc. Top Rental Products Search Result Found Please wait while your product is loading... Please note that we can only offer a rental service to other businesses. Guaranteed 20 mins response from your business enquiry within business hours. Whether you need a quote, a request for equipment, AV and IT advice or even just to say hi, feel free to drop us a line. Fill in the form below and click submit and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Despite the notion that the annual SuperLiga tournament is a time for MLS players to get a short break in the middle of a long season, Fire coach Denis Hamlett came into Saturday's opening match with a competitive attitude. "We're trying to win SuperLiga," Hamlett said before the game. "We're taking it seriously. Our mind-set is that we want to win, so we're going to start off with the right attitude and right mentality and try and get three points from the first game." The Fire was able to do that, defeating Mexican team San Luis 1-0 at Toyota Park. "It was a good win," forward Brian McBride said. "We were solid for a good 75 minutes, and then we got our goal. [Goalkeeper Jon Busch] came up with some big saves on some opportunities." McBride scored the lone goal in the 69th minute when he smashed a Cuauhtemoc Blanco pass into the top corner of the net from 18 yards out. "It was a great finish," Hamlett said of McBride's blast. "Credit [Blanco], though. He chased the guy down and makes a good play out of that." The Fire, in first place in SuperLiga's Group B, ended a three game losing streak with the victory. "It helps us a lot," defender Gonzalo Segares said. "They've been three tough losses, but we did great today and [the result] shows that we have a good team." The Fire's next SuperLiga game is Tuesday against MLS leader Chivas USA at Toyota Park.
In Grade 5, instructional time should focus on three critical areas: (1) developing fluency with addition and subtraction of fractions, and developing understanding of the multiplication of fractions and of division of fractions in limited cases (unit fractions divided by whole numbers and whole numbers divided by unit fractions); (2) extending division to 2-digit divisors, integrating decimal fractions into the place value system and developing understanding of operations with decimals to hundredths, and developing fluency with whole number and decimal operations; and (3) developing understanding of volume. - Students apply their understanding of fractions and fraction models to represent the addition and subtraction of fractions with unlike denominators as equivalent calculations with like denominators. They develop fluency in calculating sums and differences of fractions, and make reasonable estimates of them. Students also use the meaning of fractions, of multiplication and division, and the relationship between multiplication and division to understand and explain why the procedures for multiplying and dividing fractions make sense. (Note: this is limited to the case of dividing unit fractions by whole numbers and whole numbers by unit fractions.) - Students develop understanding of why division procedures work based on the meaning of base-ten numerals and properties of operations. They finalize fluency with multi-digit addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. They apply their understandings of models for decimals, decimal notation, and properties of operations to add and subtract decimals to hundredths. They develop fluency in these computations, and make reasonable estimates of their results. Students use the relationship between decimals and fractions, as well as the relationship between finite decimals and whole numbers (i.e., a finite decimal multiplied by an appropriate power of 10 is a whole number), to understand and explain why the procedures for multiplying and dividing finite decimals make sense. They compute products and quotients of decimals to hundredths efficiently and accurately. - Students recognize volume as an attribute of three-dimensional space. They understand that volume can be measured by finding the total number of same-size units of volume required to fill the space without gaps or overlaps. They understand that a 1-unit by 1-unit by 1-unit cube is the standard unit for measuring volume. They select appropriate units, strategies, and tools for solving problems that involve estimating and measuring volume. They decompose three-dimensional shapes and find volumes of right rectangular prisms by viewing them as decomposed into layers of arrays of cubes. They measure necessary attributes of shapes in order to determine volumes to solve real world and mathematical problems. Grade 5 Overview Operations and Algebraic Thinking - Write and interpret numerical expressions. - Analyze patterns and relationships. Number and Operations in Base Ten - Understand the place value system. - Perform operations with multi-digit whole numbers and with decimals to hundredths. Number and Operations—Fractions - Use equivalent fractions as a strategy to add and subtract fractions. - Apply and extend previous understandings of multiplication and division to multiply and divide fractions. Measurement and Data - Convert like measurement units within a given measurement system. - Represent and interpret data. - Geometric measurement: understand concepts of volume and relate volume to multiplication and to addition. - Graph points on the coordinate plane to solve real-world and mathematical problems. - Classify two-dimensional figures into categories based on their properties. - Make sense of problems and persevere in solving them. - Reason abstractly and quantitatively. - Construct viable arguments and critique the reasoning of others. - Model with mathematics. - Use appropriate tools strategically. - Attend to precision. - Look for and make use of structure. - Look for and express regularity in repeated reasoning.
I know that it's still far away, but I recently found this referral offer that helps fight Scleroderma, the disease my sister, Caroline, lives with and so I am excited to post the offer. If you're a new customer to H&R Block, simply fill out this form and bring it in to your tax professional and the Scleroderma Foundation will receive a $25 donation. I'll remind everyone as the date approaches. Oddly enough, tax season starts for us now. I know for most, it's still months away.
Real Estate Drones The definition of drone is: make a continuous low humming sound. Also known as UAV: unmanned aerial vehicles, or UAS, unmanned aerial systems, or RPAS: remotely piloted aerial systems. Drones are also called flying robots. Real estate drones are used for a specific purpose. The popularity of real estate drones has grown exponentially over the last 5-6 years. Drones are often used recreationally, and they also have commercial uses. Drones are also utilized in military applications. Drones are used in situations where it is too risky, difficult, or cost prohibitive to use flights utilizing pilots. Drones either have a preprogrammed flight path, or are controlled from the ground by pilots. They return critical information to people quickly, which can make an enormous difference in situations that require fast responses. Drones can be as large as a commercial passenger jet, or as small as a football. Drones cannot be operated by a civilian beyond the line of sight, and above 400 feet for any commercial reason unless permission has been granted by the FAA, Federal Aviation Administration. In order to become a commercial drone operator, you need to file a petition to section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. It takes approximately 120 days for this process to complete. Once you get an exemption number from section 333, you have to register the drone with the FAA, Federal Aviation Administration, and obtain a Civil Certificate of Waiver or Authorization for each blanket airspace you intend to operate in. Once you receive this certification, you can apply for full airspace. The last step is to obtain your FAA Airman certificate for recreational, private, or sport pilot. In order to operate a sUAS, an individual must obtain a remote pilot certificate with a sUAS rating from the FAA. On June 21, 2016, the ‘Small Unmanned Aircraft Rule’ was issued by the FAA, Federal Aviation Administration, and went into effect on August 29, 2016. This ruling permits the operation of sUAS for commercial purposes, as long as the operator has complied with the other requirements. The complete text of this rule can be found on the FAA website. In order to receive a remote pilot certificate with a sUAS rating you will need to meet eligibility requirements as follows: - Be 16 years old or older - Be able to read, write, and understand the English language - Be in mental and physical condition that allows for safe operation of the sUAS - Pass an initial aeronautical knowledge test An initial remote pilot certificate with sUAS rating will cost approximately $150 US Dollars. A remote pilot certificate holder is required to pass a test every 24 months. The three goals that the FAA has as paramount for drone regulation is privacy, safety, and national security. Liability is also an issue that must be addressed. The noise that some drones can make is also a cause for concern, and could also potentially be regulated. Drones can fly in difficult, unsafe environments, and for long periods of time. Drones have many uses, such as military, insurance, weather related monitoring, telecommunications, security, police work, fire fighting, and many other applications. The FAA started accepting applications for commercial drone operations in May, 2014. Of the first 1000 applicants, over one third were for purposes of real estate. The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, is a trade group that monitors the drone industry. One specific commercial area that drones are very popular is in the field of real estate. The photographic capabilities of drones are a perfect fit for the picture dependent real estate industry. Drone photography has seen a steady growth in real estate, and this trend is likely to continue. The use of drones in real estate marketing saw a significant increase in 2016. According to industry stats, homes/properties with aerial images in their listings sold 68% faster than homes with just standard images. Many real estate professionals jumped on this trend, using photos and videos taken with drones to catch buyers’ attention, and gain a competitive edge. Conventional photography of buildings, and structures is often very difficult, unsafe and/or inadequate due to their location, height, size, or condition. Drone technology will enable the real estate photographer to take photos quickly, safely, and at low cost, that would otherwise be dangerous, expensive, or too difficult to capture. Drone photography/videos can illuminate many aspects of a property for sale, such as: property surveys and maps, what the walk to school for the kids will be, the homes location as it relates to shopping, hotels, highways, parks, public transportation, and other amenities. Not to mention, the surrounding neighborhood, construction in the area, and aerial pictures and views of the property itself. But drones aren’t just great for enhancing real estate listings. Drones are also highly valuable to real estate appraisers. Appraisals of property, especially those properties where topography, forestation, and power lines are a consideration, allow for more professional, and thorough reports to lenders, which provide assurances that the property they are lending on, is as described. Home inspectors will also benefit from the use of drones in the process of their home inspections. Drones provide a level of safety for inspecting areas that would otherwise pose physical risk such as roofs, chimneys, gutters, siding, antennas, satellites, electrical, plumbing, and anything else that may be high up, or in an unstable area. They can then provide their customers with high-quality photos of any damage that might have been missed during a traditional inspection. Inspectors can even stream video on a tablet or smartphone to show customers the condition of their roof and other hard-to-reach areas of their home. Drones can also reach more remote areas that may be difficult to get to even with a 4 wheel drive vehicle, or an all terrain vehicle. They are also much more cost effective than leasing a plane or helicopter, as well as much more versatile. Some tough terrain makes it near impossible to find utility lines, pipelines, and make one aware of possible dangers like wildlife, rock or mud slides, or potential avalanche in the high country. Drones can also be programmed to monitor small to large properties against trespassers, hunters, squatters, etc. without having to leave the comfort of home or an office. Real estate drones can be equipped with cameras, computers, audio, and video. For real estate agents, drones can provide a view or tour of their listings that a conventional camera or video can’t. Drones are particularly effective for properties by a lake or a beach, and also for properties that sit on a large lot or acreage. Drones can also provide a special client experience on the inside of homes. Some of the negatives or drawbacks with real estate drones are: - Cost: although costs are decreasing as drones popularity increases, the price of a good quality drone can be prohibitive for some people. There may also be costs incurred to store your drone, and for occasional repairs, and maintenance. - Training, and licensing: to obtain necessary training, and licensing, can be time consuming, inconvenient, and has added costs. - Liability: to operate a commercial drone, there are potential risks, and insurance coverage will be needed to protect against accidents, and potential lawsuits. Real estate drones provide an opportunity for agents and investors to provide a higher value of service to their clients, and offer a more enjoyable shopping experience. Commercial drones can range in price from around $100 USD for a small training type drone, to tens of thousands of dollars, depending on many factors, like size, what it’s made of, and on board technology. Real estate drones are really multi purpose drones. So, whatever reason you want or need a drone for, or even if you want a toy drone for your kids, there are now many different drones on the market for you to choose.
This item has been moved to our dedicated K-12 Education Site – HitekCases.com. Go to new site now. Always-in design means use your laptop without removing it from the case. Cooling Channel technology keeps computer cool. Rugged protection for 11", 13", 14", and 15" laptops, Chromebooks including Apple MacBook, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Asus, Toshiba, and others. Part Number: RLC
Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) and Memory Loss Treatment in New Port Richey, FL Occasionally forgetting things is just a normal fact of life. It's even somewhat expected that we'll lose portions of our memory as we age. Aside from these natural phenomena, a significant loss of memory could be a serious condition that should not be ignored. Signs of Memory Loss Whether you've been forgetting things that happened in the near or distant past, there are several habits that you should be aware of if your memory lapses are becoming more frequent: - Asking people to repeat the same question to you over and over - Mixing up or completely forgetting basic words as you speak - Constantly misplacing items - Getting lost often - Having trouble learning new things - Experiencing dramatic changes in your mood Causes of Memory Loss In some cases, the cause of your memory loss could be a single factor, and once it's identified, the problem might completely go away. Often times, memory lapses are a result of hormone imbalance, especially in the thyroid and adrenal glands. Imbalanced hormones can cause or lead to memory loss in a number of ways, including hypothyroidism Some of the other causes of memory loss include: - Lack of sleep - Alcohol, tobacco, or recreational drug use - Poor nutrition - Head injury Memory Loss Diagnosis During a consultation your doctor may cover topics such as how long you've been experiencing your memory loss, and how soon your forgetfulness became apparent. With the information you provide, an experienced memory loss doctor will likely proceed with a physical and neurological exam to identify any health factors that may be impairing your memory. These exams are usually accompanied by a blood or urine screening to test for conditions such as a vitamin deficiency or thyroid disease. In some cases, your doctor may also order an imaging test such as a CAT scan or MRI to get a closer look at your brain and nerve tissues. Memory Loss Treatment Using bio-identical hormone replacement therapy (BHRT) is an effective way to deal with memory loss. BHRT can provide a memory boost by replenishing your body's thyroid and adrenal glands with hormones that are chemically identical to those your body naturally produces. Additionally, memory loss can be treated with: - Lifestyle changes - Nutritional counseling - Over-the-counter and prescription medications - Vitamins and supplements These treatments can help bolster your memory and improve your quality of life. Reclaim Your Memory BHRT and traditional medication can both help your memory. If you're worried about memory loss and aging, please call (813) 435-5828 or contact Evolution online. Address5420 Land O Lakes Blvd Land O Lakes, FL 34639 7:00 am - 4:00 pm Tue: 7:00 am - 4:00 pm Thu: 10:00 am - 7:00 pm Fri: 7:00 am - 4:00 pm
Hutch is an advisor to the Flexible Equity strategy. Previously, Hutch served as a portfolio manager for Flexible Equity. Prior to joining the firm, he was the chief investment officer and portfolio manager for Alex. Brown Investment Management. Hutch also held a portfolio manager and research analyst position with T. Rowe Price Associates, Legg Mason and Wachovia Bank. - The University of Virginia (Phi Beta Kappa), BA (1982) - Board Member, KIPP Baltimore - Board Member, Maryland 400
Cheap VPS Linux Server Hosting Onlive Sever provides the best Server hosting, includes Cheapest Linux VPS hosting based OS at all over the world. Using the right hosting solution is the right way to improve the performance of your website. Cheap VPS Linux is a highly preferred and flexible solution for increasing both the performance and scalability of your website. Onlive Server provides the finest range of VPS hosting solutions for cheap prices. The affordable price range will surely bring you complete satisfaction. It is vital to know that the VPS hosting company provides this cheap Linux based VPS hosting for France Country. There are different types of VPS hosting solutions available, so you can pick the best one smartly. If you desire to gather precise information about VPS Linux hosting, you can visit the website of this company. The trusted platform lets you know the top advantages offered by these hosting solutions at France location. The technical support team will explain you the concept of this hosting plan. The VPS Linux hosting plan is a perfect blend of matchless features that make it an ideal for all types of online businesses. When it comes to unlimited bandwidth, it is a highlighting feature of this France VPS Server hosting plan. When you use this kind of hosting plan, you need not worry about the restrictions of other limited bandwidth. It is because it offers unlimited bandwidth as standard. Flexibility is one of the important aspects to consider while selecting the VPS hosting package. The Linux based hosting solution will bring you both flexibility and reality similar to your virtual server. In addition, you also have a complete choice for selecting a data center because the company has data centers globally. Enjoy better affordability The common features of this hosting plan are high-performance SSD (Solid-State Drives), anti-spam software, completely managed cloud servers, Global data centers, firewall server, instant scaling, manageable plans and much more. The traffic load balancing is another important feature of this windows VPS hosting. The VPS hosting company comes with various solutions of affordable Linux VPS server hosting. It is advised to visit the website where you can choose any one of the best packages for the e-commerce website. The starting cost of these hosting solutions is very low, but they have high bandwidth, spacious RAM and other useful facilities. The hosting provider is dedicated to offering the best and cheapest VPS server hosting while offering dedicated technical support. You can call the technical support team anytime and get enough guidelines quickly.
I have been busy painting away at the Death Guard, and revisiting the Old World in Total War Warhammer 1 and 2. But I am glad to have finished one unit. Here it is. I am very pleased with how they turned out. Not so much with the yellow plasma OSL, but they are painted and I will not touch them again till it is all done. I have bought everything for my Death Guard, except Mortarion. So when I get him, I will have 2000pts straight up. Though for once, I am only planning on getting 2000pts, and no more for the Death Guard. Next up is a Plague Surgeon, which should be an easy elite to paint, and I do want to tackle my Blight Lord Terminators, as I am happy with the slight conversions I have done on them. Still haven't had my second game with the DG, but hoping that once work dies down, it will happen. I also have on the way, the new Necromunda. I am super pumped for it, so I will add my progress on that when it arrives. As always, thanks for looking.
Found this on the Friendly Atheist blog, it’s up on the new student blog branch of the Americans United for Separation of Church and State. I think our forefathers knew what they were doing when they came up with that one. Its getting about time to de-religion our government, and bring a clear separation back. The other day I was driving past a McDonald’s on the way to get dinner with Michele, my niece Sarah and her husband Dan, and I wondered how many chicken McNuggets you could haul out of there if you had them fill a 5 Gallon bucket. Well, after dropping them off at home later that night, Sarah texts me this: “1134 chicken McNuggets in 5 Gallons.” I hope she didn’t take a bucket in there to figure that out. So that’s 113 10 piece orders and 1 4 pc. Having not been to a McDonald’s as far back as my memory works, I have no idea what that would cost. A quick check online tells me its $3.39 for the 10 pc order, and $1 for 4 pc. So we’re talking around $384.07. For FIVE GALLONS OF FRIED CHICKEN BITS. I have to stop, thinking of this further will make me ill. You think they would be able to fill that order with the nuggets they have on hand? Scary thing is, I am sure it would be no problem. Quite a while ago, two architectural office back in my past, I worked on drawings for a house up in Brentwood. While working on the project, I found out that they could only build the new house once they had settled on what to do with the old house. Seems there was an old Neutra house sitting there on the site, and the owners wanted to build a new, much larger one in its place. While they were working on getting their new house designed, the Neutra house got listed on the Historical Register, making it impossible to demolish. This sort of threw a monkey wrench into their plans. There was a solution however, it could be moved! Only, doing so is not so simple. And so it sat. Well, I only worked on the project briefly, and as it got held up in all kinds of local, county, and historic preservation shenanigans, I moved on to work on other things. Eventually, I left that office and went on to work in a couple of other offices. Totally forgot about that little Neutra. Now today, upon browsing the LA Times website, I see that the Maxwell House (as the old Neutra house was originally called) is on the move! Seems the owners found a buyer for the house, and eventually (its been about six years) got everything worked out in order to relocate it. LA Times has a great article with a photo essay showing part of the move, and the house in its original condition. Not a classic example of Neutra, but a sweet little place anyway. I wish I had been on top of it, as I would have loved to go document the move.. but alas, I am not really in touch with those folks anymore. Moral of the story. Don’t try to tear down a Neutra. It’ll cost you six years off your life. Now if only the folks in Gettysburg would get the message. While changing my user name I found three Jeremy Quinns on flickr.. these are a selection of photos from them. Click on them to be taken to their photostream. One didn’t have any public photos so I used two from one of the other guys. Hello to all y’all Jeremy Quinns out there! You can now find me on flickr as JeremyJQuinn So there’s interventionist art, and there’s interventionist sociology. Both require some guts. (Just for the record, the chimney joke quoted in the article cracked me up.) I just got these samples back today from the fabricator, they are a portion of a privacy screen panel that I designed at PMA. The dot pattern is based on the overlapping, rotated halftone grids of Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black dots used in offset printing. The pattern is likely going to be integrated into a reception desk, but in aluminum rather than the white plastic we did the test in. Looking at it now, it reminds me of a synthesis of lace and bullet holes. I just posted the Circles Necklace I made last year for Michele to wear at our wedding. There are two versions of it, this is the solid one and she ended up wearing the other one which I still need to photograph. It’s laser cut from sheet silver. I really like these improvised ink well/pen holders by Kelly Marklove shown at Dezeen. They look like they are just begging to be used and made all inky. Seen at Overheard in the Office today (yes, I read it daily.) “Office lady on phone to son: I don’t know, I think we have it on tape… on tape. Video tape. No, not DVD, video tape. It’s black and rectangular, and you put it in the VCR to watch movies. The VCR?… It’s… look, just wait till I get home, okay?” Word to obsolete media!
120 AFFORDABLE APARTMENTS. GENEVA. Architects: meier + associés architectes Burckhardt + partner Photos by: Jean-Michel Landecy Typology: Collective housing Location: 17-29 route de Meyrin, Genève This project integrates a large apartment building into the wider context of a cantonal urbanisation plan. However, the building seeks its own rules of composition – derived from the location – to create its own autonomy and identity. Surrounded by newly planted trees, the building has a visually pleated effect created by undulating bands of subtly coloured concrete on the walls. The balcony parapets and inset glass façade together create an «organic» rhythm that emulates the foliage of the trees. Movement around the building is by means of naturally lit stairwells, situated on the front façade: a location that lends dignity to this communal and social space. The project uses rational typologies that accommodate the building’s perfect north-south orientation and built- up surroundings. These typologies are inspired by local layout styles, which historically consist of a central communal core around which are placed two traversing apartments and one apartment that is mono-oriented to the south. The interior of each apartment consists of an entrance hall leading into a living area extending through the full depth of the building, from garden to street. Depending on the size of the apartment, the bedrooms are either north- or south-facing. The living rooms of all apartments open onto the broad balcony-terrace.
It’s Never too Early to Think About Your Retirement. If you’re aged 55 or over, are still working and have existing super, a Transition to Retirement (TTR) strategy may boost your super without reducing your take-home pay. It may also allow you to reduce your working hours without reducing your after-tax income. At Tailored Lifetime Solutions, no matter how far away your retirement is we encourage you to commence planning as soon as possible. Some questions you may ask: - When will I be able to afford to retire? - How do I build wealth in the lead up to retirement? - How can I protect my wealth in retirement? - How can I optimise my Centrelink entitlements? - How will I generate income in retirement? - How do I minimise taxes? - Can I achieve any of my life long goals e.g. overseas travel, sea change Talk to us about your retirement and let us answer your questions. Use the retirement simulator tool to see how much you can spend in retirement and how long your funds may last.
If you consider an artist’s works in chronological sequence (bibliography as well as discography) certain landmarks blot out their neighbors. In the case of Coleman Hawkins, there’s BODY AND SOUL, then the Hampton Victor date, then his big band — leading up to the small-group sessions of 1943-44 for Signature, Keynote, Savoy, and more. The Varsity Seven sides — full of delights — recorded in December 1939 and January 1940 — haven’t received the admiration they deserve. Hawkins’ admiring biographer, the diligent John Chilton, calls them “a pastiche of Dixieland.” I disagree. The Varsity label (please note the transparent pseudonyms for Hawkins and Carter) was run by Eli Oberstein, and it never seems to have been entirely out in the open. I don’t know that Oberstein was the equal of Herman Lubinsky of Savoy, but Eli seems to have been ingenious in his dealings. I believe the masters of these and other sessions were bought by Savoy, and thus the trail to licit reissues is complex. Were they Victor sessions, they would have been available straightforwardly for decades now, including “official” CD issue. Another side-note is that the session — one or both? — was co-produced by Leonard Feather and Warren Scholl, which may account for a Feather composition being there. I knew two sides from this date because my Long Island friend Tom Piazza played them for me, forty-plus years ago: SHAKE IT AND BREAK IT and A PRETTY GIRL IS LIKE A MELODY. I don’t know where each of the musicians was working in 1939-40, whether Fifty-Second Street or Cafe Society or uptown, but they come together to create great jazz. Cheerful Jeanne Burns (known for work with Adrian Rollini and Wingy Manone) is a liability, but we’ve all heard less polished singers. Here’s the information for the first session. Benny Carter, trumpet, alto saxophone; Danny Polo, clarinet; Coleman Hawkins, tenor saxophone; Joe Sullivan, piano; Ulysses Livingston, guitar, vocal; Artie Bernstein, string bass; George Wettling, drums; Jeanne Burns, vocal. New York, December 14, 1939. IT’S TIGHT LIKE THAT (Burns, vocal). The first two choruses — bless Sullivan and Wettling, who are bringing Jimmy Ryan’s to a record date or doing the Commodore? — are flawless. Ms. Burns has pitch trouble, but I concentrate on Sullivan behind her. Polo and Livingston (the latter sounding much like a sweet Teddy Bunn) aren’t derailed by the young lady, and then Hawkins charges in, “I’m back from Europe, and let me remind you who is still King!” My idea of perfection is of course subjective, but the instrumental portions of this recording stand up with any other of this period: EASY RIDER (Burns, Livingston, vocal). Hawkins starts off rhapsodically, and is then relieved by Polo, whose sound in itself is an aural landscape, no matter how simple his phrases. (In this, he reminds me of poets Joe Marsala, Raymond Burke, and Edmond Hall.) Ms. Burns Is much more at ease at this tempo and in this range, and her unusual mixture of Mae West and Mildred Bailey is her most successful vocal. Livingston’s vaudeville couplets are harmlessly archaic counterpoint, leading in to an ensemble where Carter and Polo take up most of the space, leaving Hawkins little to do. One must admire the lovely drumming of Wettling — and how beautifully Artie Shapiro’s bass comes through — before the consciously “old-timey” ending: SCRATCH MY BACK is the one Leonard Feather composition, and a charming one, revisited by Dan Barrett a few years ago. I can’t figure out the changes beneath the melody — an experienced friend / musician says the first strain is similar to YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE OF ME. I love the opening ensemble, and Shapiro’s deep notes behind Polo, then Sullivan’s rollicking solo chorus, where Wettling is having a wonderful time — and the passage where Sullivan abstracts the melody for great dramatic effect. Then — what’s this? — a glorious alto solo by “Billy Carton” (heir to the cardboard box fortune) punctuated by a Livingston blues-pastoral. Everyone steps aside for Hawkins, and a recap of the theme with Livingston adding sweet arpeggiated chords. No complaints here: SAVE IT PRETTY MAMA (Burns, vocal). Aside from the ending, I don’t think of this as “Dixieland”: rather a series of splendid improvisations from Carter, Sullivan, and two choruses from Hawkins — over a gently propulsive and balanced rhythm section. I find Burns’ version of Mildred Bailey’s upper-register-vibrato jarring, but I was listening to Polo, murmuring sweet limpid asides, and the rhythm section while she sang: Fast forward to January 15, 1940: the same personnel except Big Joe Turner replaces Burns, an improvement. And in his honor, they began with HOW LONG, HOW LONG BLUES. In the opening ensemble, Hawkins is nearly submerged (could this have been what irritated Chilton?) which leads into a lovely chorus by Polo — with plain-spoken rhythm section work. Then, Big Joe, in glowing voice, supported by a very powerful Sullivan, with lovely ensemble encouragements. It almost seems as if Hawkins has been waiting his chance, and he takes it eloquently, before Big Joe and the band return. At 2:23, apparently Turner has momentarily forgotten the lyric couplet or has gotten distracted. A fine improvised ensemble closes off the record, with a Wettling accent. This side seems slightly under-rehearsed, but the looseness adds to its charm: SHAKE IT AND BREAK IT has always been a favorite, and this vocal version is a prize. If there’s a sound more engaging than this rhythm section following Sullivan, I have yet to hear it. Big Joe sounds positively exuberant (in touch with the lyrics); Polo and Livingston keep the forward motion going , and everyone is even more gleeful for Joe’s second chorus (“rub it all over the wall”) before particularly hot choruses by Carter and Hawkins follow, leading to jamming (with Wettling happily prominent) to end the record. If this is “Dixieland,” I want many more sides: A PRETTY GIRL IS LIKE A MELODY was not a song much utilized for jam session recordings, but to have it here is a pleasure. I wonder if Oberstein said, “No more blues, fellows! Let’s have a hot one!” as Big Joe left the studio. Or it just seemed like a melodic yet under-played Berlin song, taken a little quicker than I imagine it was done in the Ziegfeld Follies. A very simple — even cliched — vamp led by Livingston starts things off before Polo takes the lead — which surprisingly turns into an ensemble passage, then a wonderfully quirky Sullivan solo AND Hawkins leaping into his chorus with the zeal of a great athlete (powerful playing from Shapiro, Livingston, and Wettling) — then a magnificent Carter solo and a romping ensemble close. This is one of the most successful sides of the eight: And, finally, POM POM, a Carter original which might be a phrase from one of his solos scored for small band, with a particularly light scoring: I would have thought the opening 16 was scored for alto, clarinet, and tenor, but for the speed with which Carter plays trumpet on the bridge. Polo’s chorus is so tenderly levitating that if you, hearing his work on this session, don’t want to hear more, then I have failed. Hawkins is energized in his two-chorus solo, reminding me of the trio records he made in 1937, especially in his powerful second chorus — but Carter is as elegant a mountain-climber as I can imagine (with a distinct similarity to Joe Thomas or Bill Coleman of this period); another piece of swing lace-weaving from Livingston, and the record gracefully winds down — simultaneously hot and gentle. Is that a recording engineer’s “fade” or simply everyone getting softer? I don’t know, but it’s very sweet: These aren’t flawless records. Some of them might have benefited from a second take. But they are uplifting examples of the stars willing to come in and play two dates for what I imagine was scale. All in a day’s work — and how glorious the results are. May your happiness increase!
“Vaginal seeding” is growing in popularity because it’s thought that babies born through Cesarean-section miss out on certain “helpful” vaginal microbes that might shield the infant from asthma, allergies and immune disorders. “Vaginal seeding has become a rising trend for patients,” noted Dr. Jennifer Wu, an ob/gyn at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City. “Patients read about the benefits of a vaginal delivery and hope to replicate these benefits with vaginal seeding.” As explained by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), it’s thought that contact with healthy vaginal bacteria helps stimulate the infant immune system, prevents the growth of dangerous bacteria and regulates the gut. That contact doesn’t happen for babies born via C-section, however, so in vaginal seeding, a cotton swab with vaginal fluids from the mother is used to transfer vaginal bacteria to a newborn. But in a statement issued Oct. 24, ACOG – the nation’s largest ob/gyn organization – said the procedure is not recommended because the known risks outweigh any potential benefits. “Due to the lack of sufficient data, the very real risks [of vaginal seeding] outweigh the potential benefits,” Dr. Christopher Zahn, ACOG’s vice president of practice activities, said in a college news release. “By swabbing an infant’s mouth, nose or skin with vaginal fluid after birth, the mother could potentially, and unknowingly, pass on disease-causing bacteria or viruses,” he explained. Wu agreed. “There are very real risks attached to this practice,” she said. “Certain viruses, such as group B step and herpes, can cause serious illnesses such as meningitis in newborns.” And Zahn stressed that there’s a much safer way for a new mom to transfer her helpful bacteria to her newborn: Breast-feeding. “Breast-feeding for the first six months is the best way to overcome the lack of exposure to maternal vaginal flora at birth,” Zahn said. “The bacteria present in breast mild and on the nipple is sufficient for natural colonization or seeding of the gut. There may be some initial difference in the gut [microbes] of infants based on mode of delivery, but research has shown that difference disappears after about six months,” he added. It seems to me that the ACOG is overlooking the obvious – if you avoid the C-section, vaginal delivery makes this argument mute. The rate of C-section in the United States in 2013 was 32.7%, roughly a third of all deliveries. The World Health Organization (WHO) states the “medical necessary” C-sections account for no more than 10% of all deliveries. Physicians like C-sections because they are scheduled rather than spontaneous and generate significantly more income. On average, the cost of a C-section is 50% higher than a natural birth. I also question the concerns raised about possible infection. Studies on women with known herpes infections failed to find one case of transmission to the newborn, although herpes antibodies were frequently found in both cord and neonatal blood samples. It appears that the mother’s immune system protects the child from most vaginal infections. It’s not just “thought that contact with healthy vaginal bacteria helps stimulate the infant immune system, prevents the growth of dangerous bacteria and regulates the gut.” There are many evidence based studies that prove that inoculation of healthy bacteria during vaginal delivery improves many aspects of health, including long term morbidity and mortality. The Bottom Line: The take away from this study is reduce the rate of C-section from a third of all births to 10% where it belongs. Then devise a study that looks at the risk of infection for vaginal swabs as has been done with vaginal deliveries. This will solve the “lack of data” claim and recommendations for or against vaginal seeding can be evidence based. Source: October 25, 2017 National Institutes of Health
So I'm working on a swimwear collection. I spent a good bit of time doing research and collecting visuals and prints. How could i not be inspired by Pantone's color of the year? I'm obsessed with green! And I think we're all longing for a calming escape from the noise. As my wallet is void of greenery at the moment, I'm opting for a vacation through design. I think I'm going to have a lot of fun with this What do you think?
I have been reading the Run to Win website for over a year. Blaine, the author, focuses on running news and ways to improve your personal training. Most of the time it deals with running itself, but he also covers great information for cross training. Recently he posted about what to do when dogs chase you. He also gives book reviews somewhat regularly. When he gave away a copy of Coast to Coast a year and a half ago is when I started keeping up with the site. I did not win the book, but consequently bought it and wrote a review of it myself. Check out Run to Win for the latest track and distance running news as well as great information to keep you on the road doing what you enjoy.
DJ Arafat, a singer from Ivory Coast with a huge following in francophone Africa, has died after a road accident in Abidjan, the state broadcaster RTI has said. “Death of artist DJ Arafat … today at 8am as a result of a road accident overnight,” the broadcaster tweeted on Monday. According to messages and pictures circulating on social media, he had been driving a motorbike and smashed into a car. Critically injured, the singer, 33, was taken to an Abidjan hospital, where he later died. “We are all in shock,” Ickx Fontaine, an Ivorian producer and specialist in hip-hop told Maybach Media. He was a real singer and a drummer … he gave a new breath of life to coupe-decale.” Later on Monday, around 1,000 fans gathered in front of the hospital in Abidjan’s Cocody suburb where the singer died, weeping and chanting, “Arafat cannot die”. Born in Abidjan in 1986, the artist, whose real name is Ange Didier Huon, had a massive audience in French-speaking western and central African countries. He issued 11 albums, mainly of “coupe-decale” – a dance music form combining rapid percussion, choppy rhythms with hip hop-style vocals. DJ Arafat’s fame expanded to Europe and the United States, thanks in part to sports stars who made some of the genre’s dance steps popular. He Arafat was named “Best Artist of the Year” at the Ivorian “Coupe-decale” Awards in 2016 and 2017. He was born in the music world. His mother was a well-known singer and his father a prominent sound engineer, according to a music manager. He started as a DJ in Yopougon, one of Abidjan’s night-life districts. “He had a natural charisma,” said Ozone, a hip hop producer and television host. “He will remain a force for Ivorian and African music.” Ivorian Culture Minister Maurice Kouakou Bandaman expressed his condolences and said a tribute would be held to honour the musician.
ABOUT DIY MISS CUPCAKE XL DIY Miss Cupcake XL is a hollow rotocast vinyl toy, scaled up to 5 Inches [12.7cm] Tall. Made in Mexico w/ Box printed in the USA. Already in Pre-Production, DIY Miss Cupcake XL will be Officially Launched at Designer Con 2018 Nov 16th-18th. Just in time for 2019 to Celebrate the 10th Anniversary of Miss Cupcake in Toy form. This Kickstarter is your chance to get advance copies of this Platform Toy before anyone else, and months ahead of time! Olive47 is a street artist/muralist/print maker born in Chattanooga TN sometime in the 70’s. She is a world traveler who recently moved back to Los Angeles after 9 years living in London, and Atlanta. In Addition to numerous Art Shows, her color-filled nature-scapes can be seen in numerous street art blogs, publications, and even an appearance in Stranger Things season 2! ABOUT DISCORDIA MERCHANDISING Discordia Merchandising is a Verified Manufacturer on Trampt.com The Designer Toy Network Find our Manufacturer Profile HERE: LINK We have developed Exclusive Colorways of other companies toys, then our own line of Artist Series Enamel Pins, and now we make DIY Art Toys: DIY Spray Can Vinyl Toy, DIY BOXCAT by Rato Kim & DIY BOXCAT Black. A DIFFERENT KIND OF KICKSTARTER Just like our First, Second, and Third DIY Toy Kickstarter pre-orders, Discordia Merchandising has already taken care of all preliminary expenses. We are not asking you to chip in on our Development, Design, Model, Prototype, or Molding expenses. We already got those costs out of the way and refuse to pass those costs onto our Supporters. We wouldn't expect the public to Support a project we haven't made an equal investment in ourselves. That's just how we work at Discordia Merchandising. A NOTE ABOUT THE REBOOT: We reset this project for several reasons. We had some crazy competition with a god father of the Designer Toy Scene making a comeback after a decade long hiatus and launching a Kickstarter during our original launch of DIY Miss Cupcake XL. That was just bad luck. We also cut loose a lot of the extras that pushed our Goal level much higher than it needed to be. THE CUSTOM TOY ART SHOW Custom Toy Artists! We will be hosting all our DIY platforms in one big Custom Toy Show at our Designer Con Booth! Deck out any of our DIY Toys, including DIY Miss Cupcake XL, DIY BOXCAT, and DIY Spray Can. Email to Apply: firstname.lastname@example.org NOTE: All Three DIY Platforms are now available through this Kickstarter. Look for the "A CUPCAKE, A SPRAY CAN, and A BOXCAT" Reward! $1500 Raised - We will provide ALL Rewards with one Issue of Clutter Magazine. $3000 Raised - We will provide ALL Rewards with a Miss Cupcake Mini-Print signed by Olive47. $6000 Raised - We commission a 12 foot tall Inflatable Miss Cupcake and present it at DCon2018. Then give it to Olive47 to do as she pleases with it. $1,000,000 Raised - We will take all the money, run away, buy an Island, set up the sovereign nation of 'Creatopia'. You will then all receive a personal invitation to live there. As is always the case with a Kickstarter, if you want to see these Stretch Goals happen, SHARE This Project! At Discordia Merchandising we have always favored the cute things from the world of Designer Toys for our storefront Discordia Culture Shop. Miss Cupcake has always been a favorite of collectors, and children love her too. Of course they do, who doesn't like cupcakes? Pre-Order your DIY Miss Cupcake XL, and Share this Project across social media. With Respect and Gratitude, Starr, Gavriel and Olive47, Own a Designer Toy Store? Wholesale Bundles are Available for Retailers. OR! Commission an Exclusive Colorway for your shop. All Pantones are on the table. See Rewards for 50 or 100 unit packages. GLOW IN THE DARK EXCLUSIVE The Kickstarter Exclusive DIY Miss Cupcake XL GLOW in the Dark version is Limited to only 50 Rewards. NOTE: Since this is an add-on item more or less than 50 will be made, so Edition Numbers will be determined by Orders Placed. Risks and challenges Here is where we list any possible reasons why this project could be delayed. Grey Nano Goo Again, we already completely worked out all the details. We have all the prototyping, design, and development stages out of the way, and the product is already being molded during the course of this Kickstarter. So aside from Postal Delays, and Holidays, we don't foresee any issues staying on schedule.Learn about accountability on Kickstarter - (39 days)
Below the term “ARCHITECT” from the Devil’s Dictionary by Ambrose Bierce. I placed this term (and I am still working on placing each and every of the close to 1000 terms of the Devils Dictionary) on a separate page that you can easily share in your social networks. But this is only on part of the story: Feel free to comment on the terms, to shed lights about persons mentioned, to write your own definition – now that more 100 years have gone by since the publishing of the Devil’s Dictionary. If you have images that could contribute to this common adventure – please get in contact with me via email – email@example.com. ARCHITECT, n. One who drafts a plan of your house, and plans a draft of your money.
Newcastle v Chelsea Betting Tips Newcastle United seem to be a club in constant crisis. In recent years, this has been on the pitch which has seen the Magpies drop into the Championship on several occasions, although the team are currently in the top flight after landing tenth place last term. It would be a fantastic achievement to emulate that finish this time around, with Rafael Benitez at loggerheads with owner Mike Ashley as always. The latter would love to sell the club over the next twelve months and certainly doesn’t have a long-term vision as a result. Benitez is on a lucrative contract which means the Spaniard is unlikely to walk, although it becomes increasingly tough to challenge in the top flight and this could be a difficult game for a Newcastle team who were beaten 2-1 at home to Tottenham on the opening day. Chelsea laid down a marker when winning 3-0 at Huddersfield in their first match and will come into the clash at St James’ Park after being battle-hardened by a clash against Arsenal in a London derby. Eden Hazard could yet prove to be the PFA Player of the Year this season considering that the Belgium looks set to occupy an advanced position for the Blues this term, while N’Golo Kante has never played further forward and will sit in front of Jorginho. Maurizio Sarri looks set to field a four-man defence including David Luiz and Antonio Rudiger as a strong central defensive pairing and there’s the expensive Kepa between the sticks. Newcastle will attempt to tame their opponents and might make it to half-time on level terms, although the Magpies could be stretched over time and we’re happy to get with Chelsea to get the job done come the final whistle. Draw HT Chelsea FT @ 4.80 with BetVictor
Experience the thrilling era of the space race. Deep dive into the Apollo 11 mission that put the first man on the moon. Explore the awe-inspiring sights of our solar system. Which purrfect find is your favorite? 😻 #internationalcatday If you get a chance to try on #ElvisPresley's jacket, you take it! #antiquesroadshow #behindthescenes 🔈Sound On 🔈Check out this bonus footage of an appraiser jam session from Vintage Memphis! "I'm so glad that somebody finally convinced you to buy it." A weekly collection of previews, videos, articles, interviews, and more!
Courtney Howard is a LAFCA, OFCS and AWFJ member, as well as a Rotten Tomatometer-approved film critic. Her work has been published on Variety, She Knows and Awards Circuit. Courtney Howard // Film Critic The compelling new documentary DYING LAUGHING takes a look at the brave souls who put themselves in the harsh stage spotlight night after night in the attempt to make us chuckle. The life of a stand-up comic is one that’s filled with hecklers, heartbreak, but also hope for society’s betterment as the key to success can be found in laughter. Directors Lloyd Stanton and Paul Toogood have examined the craft of rocking a rhyme in THE ART OF RAP, and they utilize a similar technique to get to the heart of what makes stand-up comedians tick. I spoke with the affable directors by phone recently about everything from showing different aspects of the fine art of stand-up comedy, to the insights they learned about the craft, to continuing on the conversation as a television series. There are a lot of movies about the art of standup and the people who do it. What made you think you could explore this in a different way? Paul Toogood: One of the things that became clear from all the interviews we had done was to not look at other’s documentaries before making a film because it’s easy to copy things or be influenced by things. We made a lot of programming about the creative process – primarily through music about the world’s famous songwriters and our epic film about the art of rap. We were looking for a subject whereby there were parallels in terms of a strong sense of there are certain art forms that are not afforded the praise they deserve. We felt that rap music was one of them and stand-up comedy is another. Typically the great practitioners make it look so easy that the actual act of standing up in front of an audience and speaking is terrifying to most of us mere mortals. To have a compelling narrative and credible material which you’re constantly having to refresh seems to be the most noble and incredible thing. We felt they deserved a closer look. So that was our motivation. Certainly right from the get-go, through our interviews, from people like Jerry Seinfeld, that this is something that looks easy, but even people like Jerry Seinfeld find it impossibly difficult the first time they try to do it. In many respects it’s an incredibly inspirational story which speaks to lots of things people try in their lives – things that are initially difficult that you never thing you’ll be able to do it and you keep learning and finally you get there. Lloyd Stanton: Even though we were massive fans of comedians, [we realized] how important what they do is. How they can talk about things that really get under the skin of all our lives. That’s something because it’s masked in laughter, there’s some great truth in there. They are some of the last philosophers. There’s that line about how this is poetry – I had never thought of this as that before, but it’s completely true. Paul Toogood: One of the great things that happens when you’re doing something as insane as what we tried to bite off – which is essentially conduct a census from a moment in time. It’s a huge amount of people – 150 practitioners. What emerges is a series of patterns and themes and people hit similar marks. Very often these people have never met each other. That’s how we were able to hit this narrative style where it was in conversation somebody says something and their point is backed up and progressed by the next person. After awhile, we got the sense that people talk about their truths. Generally speaking, it’s only when you really start talking the truth on stage, it’s when you start getting somewhere. It takes about ten years to get to this point. That’s an extraordinary amount of time to devote to something before you really get anywhere. That’s why we see a level of devotion in stand-up comedy fans. They really feel this guy understands something really big and important, which even scratched at the meaning of life – dare I say it. As you mentioned, you reached out to many comics. I assume one person started the ball rolling. Or was this a group effort to get your interviewees? Paul Toogood:We started off talking to our dear old friend John Thomson in the UK, who has a background in stand-up, but is really more famous as an actor. He kept talking to us how some of the funniest stories he’s ever heard were from doing stand-up nights and people discussing the worst things that have ever happened to them. We looked at the idea of doing a piece about bombing, but we felt that was a bit linear and singular. It wouldn’t really do the story justice, although those parts are very funny and compelling. The way we work having made lots of films about brilliant creatives, we put together a show reel and say, “These are the kind of things we do.” The artist sees these things – that they always come out looking good – that this is in praise of the art and in praise of the individual. We would then get together a number of our friends who were stand-up comedians who would come on board and help us bring four or five key cast. After awhile, there’s a tipping point and also some people who ignored you the first time round get back to you because so-and-so is doing in. Once you get an Amy Schumer or a Jerry Seinfeld, everyone who ignored you figures it’s a good idea to be in the film. So you just keep going. The lovely thing about it is somebody who is completely unknown could pounce in the same way a big A-list star. There are a number of people who really stand out, who perhaps aren’t known to a big audience. Tiffany Haddish, who’s about to be a big star as an actress, is honest and truthful and compelling in what she tells us that you can’t help leaving the theater and thinking about her. Royale Watkins is stunningly open and honest in our interview, which brings me a level of interest to him. One guy ran up to us and said, ‘I can’t believe I’m next to Jerry Lewis in your movie!’ That’s a wonderful surprise. When did you know you had enough people to carry this? It seems like this could go on and on. Lloyd Stanton: We were shooting the very last interview on the last day we locked the edit. There was people and information coming in all throughout the process. We filmed for 18 months and edited for several months. During that, we were still picking up people we wanted to get. We could’ve gone on indefinitely until there was a lock on. Now we have this opportunity to make a ten-part television series so the process will go on again. Paul Toogood: We haven’t stopped, basically. Lloyd Stanton: We were left with this incredible archives – 120 plus interviews that are a minimum of an hour. You haven’t used everything you’ve shot. It’s a strange thing. So we’re now in production on the spin-off television series which will allow us to open up some of these themes – particularly the life lessons that comedians can teach us. We will be including new stand-up comedy pieces in the series. Is the TV series airing in the UK only? Or will I be able to see it in the States? Lloyd Stanton: No. It’s quite US-centric really. But it will be for international distribution. It’ll probably turn up on a premium POD platform. It’s an independent production like all of ours. Paul Toogood: We consciously chose, while we were working on the film, to not have stand-up performances in it so you’d really concentrate on who the people were and what they were about and the work that went into it. With the series, we now get to pervert that so you get to see those comedians now through the writing process, writing something, going on to stage – whether it’s still a work in development or new material. It’s a slightly different, next stage to the film. Lloyd Stanton: It’ll be like a day in the life of that person – examining how they choose their material, how they develop, how they write it, and how they try it out. We might see them successfully using that material in front of a large audience. DYING LAUGHING is in theaters and available via VOD/ iTunes on February 24. For a list of theaters, go here.
4,000 SQ FT + CITY OCEAN VIEWS! This executive 2010 BUILT 9 BEDROOM home has everything to offer. Incredible open concept layout, enjoy gorgeous... - Sq Ft4,394 - Lot Size5,700 Sq Ft Providence, built by Morningstar. This open, bright home boasts a huge sunken living room with 12 ft vaulted ceilings, new engineered hardwood, with a... - Sq Ft2,283 - Lot Size2,687 Sq Ft Fall in love with this truly one of a kind two bed + two bath located in one of North Vancouver’s most highly desirable locations,... - Sq Ft1,055 Fall in love with this charming home offering south west exposure situated on a quiet street in North Vancouver Upper Lonsdale. This elegant 2017... - Sq Ft2040 - Lot Size5705 Sq Ft AURORA built by POLYGON, well maintained building with spacious 2 bedrooms and 2 bathroom unit. Large bright living room with extreme 180 degree water... - Sq Ft1076 Charming Gastown Loft! Welcome to ” The Van Horne”- This Charming trendy loft located in Vancouver’s Historic Gastown is one you don’t want to... - Sq Ft579 Show suite in Seylynn Village! This one bedroom + den Show Suite is now available at Seylynn Village with inspiring South – West views.... - Sq Ft602 Rarely available end unit in coveted River Rock! Nicely located, quiet, private 3 bedroom and 2 bath townhouse with sideyard and quaint garden; spacious... - Sq Ft1226 Raise your family here! Spacious 4 bedroom town home in well run Capilano Grove. This unit is located in building one, well back from... - Sq Ft2499
Chris joined PLG in January 2018 after several years with a large firm headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. His practice focuses primarily on commercial real estate transactions, where he represents developers, national retailers, businesses, lenders and borrowers. In addition, Chris has experience representing healthcare systems in leasing and acquisition/sale matters and national wireless telecommunications companies in transactions involving leasing and deployment matters throughout the mid-Atlantic. Prior to entering private practice, Chris clerked for the Honorable Herbert C. Gill, Jr. of the 12th Judicial Circuit of Virginia, which includes the County of Chesterfield and City of Colonial Heights. Chris lives in Midlothian with his wife, Emily, and their two dogs, Magnolia and Woodford. When out of the office, Chris enjoys playing golf, fishing, hunting, and rooting on the Hampden-Sydney Tigers. T.C. Williams School of Law at the University of Richmond Richmond, VA – J.D., 2011 Hampden-Sydney, VA – B.A., 2006 Awards & Recognitions University of Richmond Law Review President’s Scholarship, Hampden-Sydney College Virginia State Bar Virginia Bar Association Chesterfield Chamber of Commerce Urban Land Institute (ULI)
Spurred on by the relative success of my jeans (I’ve hardly taken them off!) I decided to try out a few alterations. The jeans are a bit high in the waist, and although I like the wider leg, I’d like to try narrowing them slightly for another option. There’s no denim left in my stash so I opted to make some casual trousers in the same style as the jeans. I had some nice blue cotton drill (gifted to me in quite a haul) from my good friend LadyP, so I decided on that. But first, I had to look at the pattern… I’d feared doing the crotch rise adjustment before as it sounded tricky, or like it could create more problems. And I suppose I’ve been guilty of rushing the paper bit so I can get onto the fabric bit. I find it difficult to see what adjustments need making without making the garment up (and I’m usually far too impatient to make a toile!) I am getting a little better at transferring those adjustments back to the pattern. I am starting to realise, however, that my ‘method’ does result in half a wardrobe of ‘Clothing-With-A-Catch’… - Wide legged trousers that can only be worn with big boots. - T shirts that show flesh when reaching up. - ‘Decorative’ shirt collars – i.e. look good but won’t do up! - Having to wear baggy tops over high waisted trousers I think it’s definitely time to start toile-ing. Anyway, back to the pattern. I put my jeans on and conservatively estimated that I needed a -2cm adjustment. This also felt like it could go all the way round as the back was a bit high too. Mercy. Just a straight line adjustment. - Front pocket lining - Fly extention - Back pocket So I picked a spot that gave me a horizontal line which didn’t interfere with the scoop of my pocket or my back yoke. I marked out 2cm and folded away. I also measured in 1cm from each side at the bottom of each leg and re drew a line to join up at the lower thigh area. Bringing the hem circumfrence in by 4cm on each leg. I didn’t make them button fly. I take back what I said before about button fly being easier. The thing I found easier about it was not having the zip in the way so I could get the stitching neater. Now that I have had a few goes at sewing the fly without a zip, it has helped me to keep control when there is a zip. I saw THIS VIDEO on twitter from @thriftystitcher (on using twin thread for top stitching) too late for my last pair. So even though I was only using black thread on blue fabric (not so much contrast!) I thought I’d give it a go on these. It’s my ‘Heart-monitor-initials’ design again. I really like the technique and will be trying it on all the visible stitching on my next pair of jeans. Overall, I’m really happy with the alterations. My new trousers fit much better for it. And I got to wear them out last night to see Glen Close in Sunset Boulevard at the London Coliseum! Notes to self: - More time spent on the pattern means less ill-fitting clothes. - Take another 1cm from rise, maybe just at the front next time. - Taper legs 1.5cm each side to mid thigh. - Maybe keep back pockets same size and lower them a bit - Don’t ‘sew-up-the-tube’ on narrow legs! - Flat-Felling is not a crime Until next time, happy sewing!
See a knife you really want, but can’t shell out the cash all at once? We now offer 60-day payment plans on most knives over $349. To take advantage, follow the steps below: - Make sure the knife is marked “Payment Plan Eligible” - Contact KnifeCenter Customer Service at 800-338-6799 - We will charge a non-refundable deposit of 25% of the purchase price of the item - The balance will be paid in two subsequent scheduled payments. On day 30 we will charge 50% of the remaining balance, followed by the final payment on day 60. - Once payment is made in full, we will immediately ship your item. For more details, visit here.
Release : 1985-07-14 Genre : Drama Cast : Chiranjeevi, Radhika Sarathkumar, Bhanupriya, Kaikala Satyanarayana, Prabhakar, Allu Ramalingaiah Jwala is action drama based movie in which, Chiranjeevi played dual roles in this movie as brothers Raju (chiru) and Yuvaraj (chiru) are brothers and sons of SP Chakravarthi. Sarvothama Rao and his son are indulged in smuggling and other illegal activities.During an attempt to catch their sumggled goods, one of their main henchmen is shot dead by Chakravarthi. Sarvottama rao plans to take revenge on chakravarti by trapping his son. Yuvaraj is already in love with with Bhanupriya. Meanwhile, Raju saves an innocent girl Janaki (radhika), from the clutches of those smugglers and marries her.Sarvothama Rao kills Basawaraj and traps Raju into this murder. Raju, unable to prove his innocence, is sentenced to death. Chakravarthi tries to prove his son Jwala when it opens | Jwala full movie in Latin Spanish | Jwala movie online | Jwala online | Jwala online sub eng | Jwala full movie in Spanish Latin online | Jwala premiere | Jwala premiere argentina | Jwala premiere date | Jwala premiere in us | Jwala download | Jwala premiere in Europe | Direct download Jwala | Where can I watch Jwala online? | Where to watch full movie streaming?
We are proud to use Vegetable oil based inks Mojoprint uses vegetable oil based printing inks. We choose vegetable oil based inks (derived from soy, palm and other vegetable oils) as the environmentally friendly, sustainable alternative to traditional petroleum based printing inks. What happened to Soy Ink and the Soy Ink seal? As of 2010, 70% of printing inks used in Japan were indeed soy oil based inks and usage of the "Printed with Soy Ink" logo mark widespread. With this logo/seal due to be abolished however, coupled with the volatile market price of the soy bean and the need for an alternative raw-material, The Japan Printing Ink Makers Association have introduced vegetable oil inks as an alternative environmentally friendly printing ink. Recycled vegetable oils are considered a more viable, sustainable raw material for ink production than 100% soy-oil based inks and are derived from recyclable soy oil, rice bran oil, linseed oil, paulownia wood oil, coconut oil and palm tree oil. With these new inks replacing soy inks industry-wide, we are now obliged to use the new Vegetable Oil Ink logo mark too. Can I use the vegetable oil ink logo on my own flyers? Absolutely! You may use the logo on any materials printed with Mojoprint but please understand that we accept no claims or responsibility arising from its improper use. You can download an .eps version of the Vegetable Oil Ink logo here (note: usage guidelines included but in Japanese only)
Tales of Gothic Romance - Charlton Comics' "The Night on Fog Island" Happy Halloween! In between those knocks on the door from trick-or-treaters, pop a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup and settle in with "The Night on Fog Island" from Haunted Love #9 (May 1975)! This beautifully illustrated story by Charlton great, Enrique Nieto (with a stunning painted cover by Don Newton) is sure to send a chill up your spine! As a special treat (because isn't Halloween all about treats, really?) I've included all six pages of the story. Enjoy and have a spookily romantic evening!
Week from 10 to 16 June 2019 Stock indices continued to gain ground around the globe though investors remain cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve meeting scheduled on 18-19 June. Optimism is fueled by the prospect of interest rate cuts this year but there is little expectation of a first move next week. Volatility eased again (CBOE VIX index down 6.26%) as the Trump administration stepped back from an immediate imposition of tariffs on Mexico and retail sales data in May showed a pick-up in consumer spending. Furthermore, Beijing decided to ease restrictions on local governments’ borrowing to boost infrastructure investment. Asian markets took the lead (Shanghai Composite and Nikkei up 1.92% and 1.11% respectively) despite massive and historic street protests in Hong-Kong against a proposed extradition bill that has stoked fears of expanding control from China. Wall Street’s major indices edged up (S&P500: +0.47%, DJIA: +0.41%, Nasdaq: +0.70%) and the same was true for Europe, though to a lesser extent (MSCI EMU: +0.14%, FTSE100: +0.19%). Most sectors finished the week into positive territory. Consumer discretionary was the best performer (+2.44%) followed by utilities (+1.18% – once again defensive sectors fared well), communication services (+1.12%) and information technology (+1.07%). Going against the trend, industrials (-0.43%) and energy (-0.51%) lagged the market. In this regard, it is worth noting that oil prices fell to five-month lows (WTI down -2.74% at $52.51 a barrel) despite their end-of-week rebound after suspected attacks on two tankers in the Gulf of Oman. All the evidence suggests that high U.S. crude inventories and a bleak demand outlook are dragging down prices. The 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield was unchanged at 2.09% like the German Bund at -0.26%. The 3-month U.S. T-bill dipped slightly from 2.28% to 2.20%, its lowest level since September 2018. Emerging debt and high-yield bonds moved up 0.94% and 0.24% (in the U.S.) respectively. Lastly, gold was still near 14-month highs at around $1,340/oz.
Renewable electricity production, from sources such as wind power and solar power, is sometimes criticized for being variable or intermittent, but is not true for concentrated solar, geothermal and biofuels, that have continuity. In any case, the International Energy Agency has stated that deployment of renewable technologies usually increases the diversity of electricity sources and, through local generation, contributes to the flexibility of the system and its resistance to central shocks. Compact Linear Fresnel Reflectors are CSP-plants which use many thin mirror strips instead of parabolic mirrors to concentrate sunlight onto two tubes with working fluid. This has the advantage that flat mirrors can be used which are much cheaper than parabolic mirrors, and that more reflectors can be placed in the same amount of space, allowing more of the available sunlight to be used. Concentrating linear fresnel reflectors can be used in either large or more compact plants. A Wind Turbine Generator is what makes your electricity by converting mechanical energy into electrical energy. Lets be clear here, they do not create energy or produce more electrical energy than the amount of mechanical energy being used to spin the rotor blades. The greater the “load”, or electrical demand placed on the generator, the more mechanical force is required to turn the rotor. This is why generators come in different sizes and produce differing amounts of electricity. However, it has been found that high emissions are associated only with shallow reservoirs in warm (tropical) locales, and recent innovations in hydropower turbine technology are enabling efficient development of low-impact run-of-the-river hydroelectricity projects. Generally speaking, hydroelectric plants produce much lower life-cycle emissions than other types of generation. Hydroelectric power, which underwent extensive development during growth of electrification in the 19th and 20th centuries, is experiencing resurgence of development in the 21st century. The areas of greatest hydroelectric growth are the booming economies of Asia. China is the development leader; however, other Asian nations are installing hydropower at a rapid pace. This growth is driven by much increased energy costs—especially for imported energy—and widespread desires for more domestically produced, clean, renewable, and economical generation. Alternatively, SRECs allow for a market mechanism to set the price of the solar generated electricity subsity. In this mechanism, a renewable energy production or consumption target is set, and the utility (more technically the Load Serving Entity) is obliged to purchase renewable energy or face a fine (Alternative Compliance Payment or ACP). The producer is credited for an SREC for every 1,000 kWh of electricity produced. If the utility buys this SREC and retires it, they avoid paying the ACP. In principle this system delivers the cheapest renewable energy, since the all solar facilities are eligible and can be installed in the most economic locations. Uncertainties about the future value of SRECs have led to long-term SREC contract markets to give clarity to their prices and allow solar developers to pre-sell and hedge their credits. Solar power is the conversion of energy from sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), indirectly using concentrated solar power, or a combination. Concentrated solar power systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. Photovoltaic cells convert light into an electric current using the photovoltaic effect.
One did not stress total ignorance of a subject if one were in total ignorance of it. captivating quotations from movies, television, literature and people - curated by actual geeks. And what, incidentally, do you think integrity is? The ability not to pick a watch out of your neighbor’s pocket? No, it’s not as easy as that. If that were all, I’d say that ninety-five percent of humanity were honest, upright men. Only, as you can see, they aren’t. Integrity is the ability to stand by an idea. He loved the wheel of a car as he loved his desk in the office of the Banner: both gave him the same sense of a dangerous monster let loose under the expert direction of his fingers. A thing is not high if one can reach it; it is not great if one can reason about it; it is not deep if one can see its bottom. There was a time when you wouldn’t have admitted that there was anything you couldn’t get. We are all brothers under the skin-and I, for one, would be willing to skin humanity to prove it.
No products in the cart. Cozy Fire cotton bedspread Detail makes the difference A bedspread turns your bedroom into a much more comfortable and elegant space. Depending on the season, the festive event or simply your state of mind, give your bedroom a new look and make it snugger both at day and at night time. Sheer it up with a vivid color in the summer and give it a warmer feel with a darker one in the winter. COZY FIRE and THUNDER made in 100% cotton have the ideal filling for this season, which guarantees a perfect temperature. During your siesta, a brief pause at the end of the day or during your sleep. SNUG HUG presents 2 options which will warm your heart. *Always follow the information content on your care labels. Reversible bedspread 100% cotton. 410gr/m2. Garment dye. 200×250, 230×250, 280×260 Machine wash. Warm wash (40º). Low tumble Dry. Do not use chlorine bleach. No tumble dry. Medium iron (max. 150º). Dry clean with any solvent except trichloroethylene. Wash separately.
Monthly Archives: July 2012 Yesterday I rang my mobile phone provider to bleat something about ‘when am I out of my contract, please sir?’ The stern reply was not yet, but you could talk to someone to see what we could do, yada, yada, yada; blah, blah, blah. I couldn’t be bothered with it, so I just muttered something about wanting shot of the Crapberry, thanks anyway, and hung up. My main beef with said item is it sticks on ‘O’ or ‘+’ and often times it is a battle to get something out there not full of ooooooooooooooooo s or ++++++++++++++++++ s. Plus it freezes. A lot. Oh and the camera is terrible. Within an hour, I had an email from RIM, the makers of the Crapberry (apt manufacturers name, I think), imploring me to consider upgrading to the new SuperCrackCrapBerry. Well, they did for me anyway. At first, I was full of cynicism. Oh a green hill, and, oh, a hymn *shudders*. Then Kenneth Branagh doing Isambard Kingdom Brunel, whilst quoting Shakespeare, in a top hat and ‘scary facial whiskers’ (to quote my daughter) bothered my sensibilities somewhat and the grubby working classes, well worked… until, the five Olympic rings were forged before my eyes and raised above the stadium and then, you might say, we were all on the same page. That sentence took some writing. Not unlike the time (cubed) it took for me to catch up with the vision. There’s no need for me to catalogue what came next is there? All I want to say really, is this. The time passed awfully quickly and when Muhammad Ali faltered onto the stage I cried. I didn’t cry a little, I cried a lot. I have mentioned Ali on here before, mainly as a beautiful individual and a lyrical gangster. The night before the opening ceremony I had coincidentally waved his photo biography at a small audience and extolled his many qualities, lest they troubled to forget. Then last night, as if by magic, there he was. He looks so different from his prime. It’s more than age, it’s the ravages of the cruel neurological disease that is Parkinson’s, a disease that afflicted my grandfather. Last night, I had to look and look again to be sure, ‘Is that Muhammad Ali?’ And then, when Ali moved to touch the Olympic flag, suddenly, time and space collapsed and so did I. In that Olympic moment I was a child again, watching Ali in black and white on the portable tv, listening to his patter and his press conferences. I was reading him, occasionally writing about or quoting him, over a lifetime. I was the age I am now, waving his picture to strangers and I was all I can ever try to be, somehow incredibly knowing shared humanity, connected through all our wondrous possibilities. I am nothing to Muhammad Ali, and he is nothing and no-one and everything and everyone to me. How much easier for a man of his age, and frailty to stay at home out of the public’s gaze, than fly to London for a late night gig. But despite the disease, the age, the infirmity and confusion, he is the same as he ever was, because he was there. There, still fighting his battle, on the world stage. And to me, that is the Greatest Ever Inspiration any of us could wish for. He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. The Olympic torch came through our town a few weeks ago. It was a wet day; the children were allowed time off school to see this once in a lifetime event with their families. I took my two girls, who were distinctly underwhelmed; in fact they spent a lot of time moaning. It doesn’t matter though, they saw it and the youngest took the photograph of the torch bearer as she had the best view. I haven’t parented outside the 21st century so I can’t compare the job with that of my parents, or theirs, but I suspect every generation faces its own unique challenges, as well as some in common. I believe as parents, all that you can do, is provide the opportunity for them and let them make of it what they will. I wrote this to myself as a reminder, for when things get tough, as they always do. You cannot have all of it Use your wisdom Let go of something, or something will let go of you. At least if you take the former option you have the choice Take photographs. You cannot have too many. Whatever you hope to remember you will most assuredly forget Do one thing at a time – you will get less done, better If you’re in the room, be in the room Make time to leave the room. Alone Listen with your heart Don’t live just in your head Get in your body – it’s missed you Guilt is the most pointless construct, until you commit a crime. If you are legal, ditch the guilt Our best is all we have to give Sometimes we think our best is not good enough – even then it is all we have to give Give what you can Take as little as you need Stick your tongue out in the snow Kick off your shoes Take a walk in the rain Wear holes in your socks Let the light in But know when to draw the blinds Accept imperfection, it is your friend Look them in the eye Gaze into your soul Mostly, stay hungry, stay foolish (via Steve Jobs) Discover your purpose, And pass the torch on This year we’ve been up against it in the garden. First we had no water, and then we had too much, so I’ve not gone overboard with the annuals and gone for some low maintenance kitsch to inject some colour instead. I reckon I could run my laptop off this windmill, if only knew how. Finding out how? It’s on my bucket list. I might be giving a talk later, I’ll be taking my mate the butterfly to help me illustrate a point. I hope he’s been rehearsing ‘cos I haven’t; how do you rehearse what is already in your heart? ‘Oh yes, he’s fit enough.’ ‘Is he doing it properly? He’s not is he?’ ‘Oh yes, well… he’s just relaxed.’ ‘He needs a straight back?’ ‘Well, mmmm. Michael Johnson ran with a straight back and he did alright.’ I think, Michael Johnson ran like a duck but when you break world records it doesn’t matter what you look like. ‘Oh no, he’s not fit enough.’ ‘No, he’s not fit enough at all.’ ‘It’s good though, this physical exercise. Too much studiousness is bad for the boy.’ ‘Is he doing it properly? She’s doing it properly isn’t she?’ ‘He needs to watch what the others are doing.’ ‘Look he’s not watching.’ The studious boy, who looks like he is running into a wind tunnel, comes over to the edge of the track and weeps. An elite athlete sticks his head through the fence and throws up. The man, who was once hit by a train, completes his lap. Right, wrong, none of it is ever easy. Doing my annual King Canute impression. Aggregate score so far: Sea 42 – Me 0. Unfair, as it always has the home advantage #time&tide Cardiff University sewed kittens eyes shut in taxpayer funded experiments http://ow.ly/cs562 Like virtually all vivisection – pointless Resisting the strong urge to tell the rest of the beach to sit down and SHUT UP. Bet King C didn’t have to put up with sunseeking plebs. Realise I am turning into my mother. I love her, but still, oh dear #notready There is some eye-watering gusset action down here. Girls, check your rear view before leaving home, I beg you #southend Lovers’ tiff. Man wearing sweater on head – she’s conducting face to face argument and tel con simultaneously. Multi-tasking emotions She’s off phone, employing finger pointing tactic. He’s shouting, sweater still on head. Bit early. #chill ‘It’s Southend – no-one cares. No-one is going to check you out’ #shockhorror #southend #Icare ‘Where’s the sea? Where’s the sea?’ ‘I’ll take you for a walk to find the water…’ Chelsea FC beach towel, Harrods carrier bag, deckchair hire, still arguing. Still wearing his sweater as a yashmak. Still #dre ‘You have to wait 20 minutes for your food to go down.’ Do you? Oh dear, I’ve been doing the wrong thing my whole life. Illegal spaniel on the beach alert. Tut. Stuck here now until the argument ends or the tide comes in, whichever is sooner. Sweater removed from head: argument over. All smiles. Yay. Says he can’t swim. Tide’s close enough now to see its line of scum. Doesn’t seem to put people off going in. Parents bawling at their kids behind me. The danger of an adventure is worth a thousand days of ease and comfort Argument man wears his black woollen socks in the sea. Wet socks, caked in sand = interesting look Wearing socks in the sea, now that’s an adventure. Sea 42 – Me 1 Tide turns in my favour, for now. Another adventure. Whenever I pass this marine skeleton along Paglesham Creek, I always wonder what it was. I took this photo ages ago, back in the winter, but it resonates with me now because recently, as I have said, my brain just won’t work. My mind has been like a rusting hulk, run aground and of an unknown provenance. Now, I don’t want to jinx it, but it feels like the tide might have come in overnight and perhaps we are, once again, afloat. Perhaps… I feed this animal about 4 times a day – I can never get a covering on his ribs. He always seems in good form though *touch wood* He’s the third dog I’ve had; I’d like another smaller one. A walk’s not the same without a dog. I didn’t take this photo – it was taken on a Samsung S2 mobile phone. Not bad at all. This blog has been a longtime critic of the government, mainly because they don’t seem to have a clue what they are doing. And when they do have a reasonable idea, they put in ridiculously short time limits to see results, so that they can claim the credit in time for the next election (I am thinking of the Work Programme and the pilot programmes for reducing re-offending here, where funding is dependent on outcomes, but also set within unrealistic time frames, equivalent to the lifespan of a flea). Their one idea for the economy, the notorious Plan A, is dead in the water. It’s greatest proponent George Osborne is on the missing list, and he seems to have taken even deeper cover since the IMF wagged their finger at him yesterday. On all previous known form, he’ll take about five days to think about what he’s going to say next and since he’s not due an annual Mansion House speech for another year, it might be even longer. Then there’s Michael Gove’s new phonics based ‘reading’ test (actually an exercise in decoding sounds) which is failing competent children who read for understanding and meaning. Incidentally, Mr Gove, trying to teach the latter to adults is a tough gig, whereas the sounds – well those are child’s play… As for Theresa and Jeremy and Dave et al – well would you? Knowing what you know now? Dave’s autumn cabinet reshuffle is going to have to introduce Willy Wonka himself to to turn this thing around. I suppose they were banking on the Jubilee and the Olympic summer saving their collective bacon and bringing back the feelgood factor to the populace (also on the missing list, probably in George Osborne’s back pocket), but the Gulf jetstream, the bus drivers, train drivers and Border Agency staff, not forgetting G4S, had their own ideas about that. Don’t get me wrong, I hope the Olympics goes off well, for the sake of the athletes and for the rest of us that have had to pay for the effing thing (just don’t think about Greece ok?). On the other hand, I can’t help but have a few reservations (still don’t think about Greece). Arguing about surface to air missiles on the roof, when god knows how many G4S uniforms have gone AWOL? It’s really not cool. I have a fantastic colleague at work, she’s from Hull and she’s a no-nonsense Northern lass who produces spot-on stuff, including colour-coded spreadsheets for everything. She’d have organised the Olympics, on budget, on time, with security, no problem. I think if she’d been in charge you might have even been able to get in wearing a Pepsi t-shirt… And that’s my problem with the government, right there, in a nutshell. My colleague is operating well within her comfort zone, she has a lot more to offer, in fact. The government are collectively suffering from the Peter Principle – where employees rise to their level of incompetence. And the problem for us is that it’s not just one of them, it’s bloody well all of them. They are too young, too arrogant, insufficiently wise and lacking in substance to do the job properly. The facts are that they can barely run this country. Sadly, the default setting of desperate clinging on to power will probably see the coalition stagger on to the next election; the Lib Dems will be finished after that and the Tories will hopefully be chased back into their historical blue lands. I for one, cannot wait. And I’m hoping that Miliband et al have the sense to learn from the mistakes of others before they inevitably start making their own, as we all do. In the meantime, whilst we suffer the horrors of the British summer, the mish mash of the coalition’s blue and yellow colour combo and also those pretty disgusting Olympic mascots Wenlock and Mandeville , I would really like to have Spitting Image back on Sunday night. That would really cheer me up.
Unless otherwise stated, all lecture series below are free and open to the public, and will be held on the 3rd Monday of each month at 7:00 pm. Most lectures last an hour, and you are welcome to stay for socializing and light refreshments for half an hour following the presentation. Lectures are held at the AAWA location at 4844 Jackson Road, Suite 100, Ann Arbor, MI. (Located in the Jackson Square Plaza, parking in front of the building.) Landmark: There is a cell phone tower on the north-west side of Jackson Road, next door to Jackson Square Plaza. See MapMon, Sep 16, 2019, 7pm - Robert Perrish Robert Perrish is an award-winning designer, sculptor and painter whose love of nature is evident in everything he creates. This was first expressed through wildlife painting and sculpture, and has since evolved into painting landscapes, portraits and still life. Robert worked in the commercial art field in illustration and design for 30 years. A life long resident of Michigan, he has lived with his family in Livonia for the past 34 years. He has traveled extensively throughout the United States and abroad, capturing as much as he can on canvas along the way. Plein air painting has become a regular habit and has helped his studio work as well. He is one of the co-founders of Michigan Plein Air Painters and paints with them on a regular basis, as well as traveling out of state for other painting opportunities. Awards include Michigan Wildlife Artist of the Year, Ducks Unlimited Artist of the year, as well as DU Carver of the Year 3 times, 16 Best-of-Shows in national and world carving competitions. His artwork and sculptures have appeared on National magazines, calendars, books, limited edition prints and various art galleries. Mon, Oct 21, 2019, 7pm - Durwood Coffey Durwood Coffey’s distinguished 30-plus year career as an illustrator included such clients as the Big Three automakers, Anheuser-Busch, Detroit Edison, Marvel Comics and Sesame Street. However, it’s the work created outside of the job for weekend art fairs and now in retirement that most excites the Westland, Michigan artist. His brilliantly colored pieces reflect a unique creative process that starts with a sketch and ends with a vibrant painting of his favorite subjects: fish, frogs, insects, wolves, snow leopards and all manner of wildlife. Durwood is a member of the “SAA” Society of Animal Artists, a who’s who list of the best wildlife artists in the world. His images are sold on a global scale. He recently created paintings for “Running for Home,” a book about the wolves coming back to Yellowstone Park and the impact on the environment. Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 7pm - Sophie Grillet Sophie Grillet studied at the Central St Martins School of Art in London and graduated from the University of Brighton. While in the UK, she was a cartoonist for books, magazines and national newspapers, such as The Guardian, The Observer and the London Evening Standard. Sophie currently lives and works in Ann Arbor, MI. Her media preferences are: painting in oils and accrylics; sculpture in stone, metal and clay; drawing in pastels; and photography. Much of Sophie's work is abstract, but it is always about something, often with interesting titles. She enjoys experimenting with all kinds of media from aluminum to yarn. Being insatiably curious, Sophie attempts to integrate her interests in art, social justice, science, and math. Her work reflects on the tragedy of our love of natural beauty and our haste to destroy it. She is the organizer for Westside Art Hop, a twice-yearly local art walk in Ann Arbor, MI, and the Zone5 Art Show & Sale in Plymouth, MI.
Summer skincare: 8 beauty tips for glowing skin It's a fact: our skin changes in summer and unfortunately, for the most part, it's not for the better (we're looking at you pigmentation, wrinkles and sunburn...) The warmest months call for a seasonal update to your beauty bag. Check out our tips for managing the sun and heat with hardworking products for face and body. Plump, hydrated skin is the best summer accessory so give it a big drink with a dose of hyaluronic acid. This superstar ingredient is naturally occurring in our bodies and is a magnet for moisture, so when applied to skin makes it look soft, dewy, nourished and radiant. It works on all skin types and delivers essential, gentle hydration when skin most needs it. These two options cover the both spendy and savey options. NIVEA Urban Skin Defence +48h Moisture Boost Day Cream, $12.99 and Ultraceuticals Ultra B2 Hydrating Serum, $105 Sunscreen is essential every day (not just in summer) to protect us from damaging and aging UVA and UVB rays – which are even beamed out in blue light from our devices! The feel of it can put lots of people off though, which is where Nivea’s new Shine Control formulation comes in. It contains antioxidants that mattify skin so it won’t feel greasy, so it’s perfect worn everyday alone or under makeup. Nivea Sun UV Face Shine Control SPF50, $13.99 Mask the problem Long days under the blazing sun can leave skin feeling tight and parched, so applying a thick layer of a deeply hydrating face mask is a pampering and practical treat. A line extension of the popular Rosewater Hydration range, Natio’s Deep Hydration Face Mask,$23.50, mask infuses skin with vital nutrients when applied in a thick layer and left for at least 10 minutes. A lightweight tint is often all you need on your face in warmer weather for an evened-out complexion and healthy glow. BB cream is a great option for good hydration and antioxidant and pollution protection, plus Garnier’s latest version, Skin Active Naturals BB Cream, $17.49, contains 90% natural origin ingredients. The beauty supplement business is positively booming – it makes so much sense to treat all the skin all over your body, not just your face, especially in summer. Marine collagen is a renowned ingredient for supporting beauty from the inside out, helping to restore and protect skin that’s lost its tone and texture over time. We love homegrown options Go Healthy Go Beautiful Skin Collagen Support, $49.90 and re.skin, $169.95. The glow up When in doubt, get glowing! For special nights out and summer soirees, apply a body lotion with a subtle shimmer, like Linden Leaves Gold Body Lotion, $64. Light reflecting pigments make limbs appear longer and will always look fabulous in photos. As we all know, or really should by now, the only safe tan is a fake one and there are a veritable plethora of shades, formulations and finishes to choose from these days. Top tips: Always exfoliate and remove hair the day prior and use a mitt for the best streak-free application. We’re loving these two new additions for the beauty counter this summer so far, St Tropez Purity Bronzing Water Mousse, $59.95 and Bondi Sands Liquid Gold Foam, $29.99. Go for a poppy lip. Classic red mixed with vibrant orange creates the perfect modern summer shade. Look for a high shine formula with intense pigment and good moisturisation like DB Longwear Lipstick in Orange Poppy, $11.99. bh loves: Nivea Sun UV Face Shine Control SPF50, $13.99, Bondi Sands Liquid Gold Foam, $27.99, Go Healthy Go Beautiful Skin Collagen Support, $29.90, NIVEA Urban Skin Defence +48h Moisture Boost Day Cream, $12.99, Linden Leaves Gold Body Lotion, $64, DB Longwear Lipstick in Orange Poppy, $11.99, re.skin, $169.95, Ultraceuticals Ultra B2 Hydrating Serum, $105, Natio Deep Hydration Face Mask,$23.50 Garnier Skin Active Naturals BB Cream, $17.49, St Tropez Purity Bronzing Water Mousse, $59.95 Main image: Michael Rooke for Fashion Quarterly Issue 1, 2019 Do you have a beauty product you swear by during summer?
2006 doesn’t seem to long ago to me. But maybe that’s just my age. We were peaking out then with home prices escalating so fast and loans so easy to get that EVERYONE were buying homes. Some buying several homes. Over the next few years we did several hundred short sales for people. Now, ten years later prices are up again. I can’t believe my last tax assessment. So are we head for another crash? I don’t think so. Here are some reasons why: 1. Ten years ago builders were building spec houses like nuts. They are not now and haven’t been. 2. Home prices over the past 50 years have appreciated about 3% per year. Obviously not in a straight line. Like all markets there are ups and downs. But the 10 years since the crash has allowed for a more normal appreciation level to return. 3. While 10 years ago many buyers were over leveraged. They borrowed too much and had little equity. That has changed. 4. There are not a lot of existing homes on the market. 5. Young adults have become renters. They continue to be very slow to buy. Home ownership is one of the most important wealth builders. Buying a home more than you can afford is not a good idea. But buying a home that you live in for years is going to bring you many benefits that will help you attain wealth. If you are a young family with a stable job that you expect to have for years this might be the time to start looking. Log in and set up a search. Let’s start looking at some homes.
Our family to yours, always. Our vast, rich tapestry of history is strengthened only by our dedication to our customers, and to one another. We are a family at Northgate, rich in tradition, heritage, and in a commitment to authenticity; we are warriors of flavor, champions of inspiration and innovation, and protectors of the kitchen and your family’s table. We’re more than a grocery store. We are a family. One comprised of employees, of customers, of mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, cousins, and grandparents. And we are also a home. We are a crossroads of culture and tradition, with the new and undiscovered. Our employees’ dynamic cultures merge here with the desires of our customers to create one of the most welcoming and thriving companies to work for. Our kitchen is life. It is centuries of tradition that go into each and every one of our daily prepared meals. We’ve journeyed our homeland for the most blissful, soulful, inspiring recipes, and have brought an entire country’s worth all under one roof, prepared daily, for you and your table. Northgate Market follows its shoppers to Riverside in former Tyler Toys R Us Northgate Gonzalez Market, close to Tyler mall, is due to open in NovemberLearn More Sign up to receive the latest news and updates by clicking on the link below:
The Brooklyn Heights Association (BHA) is responding with concern and cautious optimism to the Brooklyn Public Library’s (BPL) selection of Hudson Companies/Marvel Architects for redevelopment of the Brooklyn Heights Branch of the Brooklyn Public Library. We believe that the project, as outlined in the original Request for Proposals (RFP), has the potential to make a significant contribution — if the developers and BPL trustees will take the time to re-evaluate their design, and engage in an open process with the broader library and civic center community. The current design gives no indication that the building houses an important civic institution — the 21st century descendant of the legendary Carnegie Libraries. Instead, what we are seeing is a clunky condominium sitting atop generic retail space. We want to see a distinctive and welcoming public building that provides a graceful transition from the civic buildings on Cadman Plaza to the residences of Brooklyn Heights — a library that is a visual gateway to the neighborhood. Moreover, the project can and should address broader community priorities. The decision to assign considerable square footage to an exclusive private school gymnasium does not reflect the inclusive mission of our public library system. Community or public school space is called for in lieu of a private school gym. Our optimism stems from the knowledge that these two firms are local businesses whose partners are well acquainted with our neighborhood: Jonathan Marvel has the ability to design a new building which truly addresses the complexities of this project on such an important site. Hudson Companies has an established track record for project completion — including affordable housing components. We are pleased by Hudson/Marvel’s commitment to provide interim service during construction of the new library, which was a clear requirement in the RFP. The off-site affordable housing, which must be within Community District 2 boundaries, will allow for a less bulky building on this constricted site. It is an important BPL condition that the condominium certificate of occupancy be tied to the completion of the affordable housing component. BPL trustees have said, “This is the beginning.” That is indeed true in the sense that the city’s public land use review process (ULURP) has not yet begun. Going forward, we expect our Brooklyn Heights Association members and all library neighbors and users to comment constructively towards the goal of housing a light-filled, welcoming library, in an exceptionally well designed new building. We’ll need everyone’s help to get us there.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly of 2002 By: Glenn BurnSilver Out with one year and in with the next. The music, of course carries across time. 2002 can be broken down into three simple categories: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly releases of the past year. (And yes, there was even an excellent Ennio Morricone remix album, Morricone RMX, that included numerous mixes of Clint Eastwood movie soundtracks.) So, let's get the bad and ugly out of the way first this time so we can close 2002 with pleasant musical memories. The Bad: Surprisingly, Eric Clapton's One More Car, One More Rider (Reprise) is little more than an uninspired live album from his last tour. There are a few great solos from this former guitar God, but otherwise nothing to write home about. Chris Isaak suffers the fate of repetition on Always Got Tonight (Reprise). The title track incorporates a heavy modern funk layer and rock power cords over that ever-present twang -- the albums highlight. Otherwise, Isaak's formula is too tried and true, but unlike his first albums when his "sound" felt fresh and new and he was willing to experiment more, this one comes across a little stale around the edges. The debut self-titled album by the Sahara Hotnights (Jetset) represents little more than an attempt to cash in on the current "rough and raw-sound" re-popularized by The Strokes. This four-piece girl band attempts to be The Runaways for the new millennium, but even with black leather jackets and tough attitudes, can't pack the punch. Want the real thing? Try The Donnas. The Ugly: The seriously awful releases last year, owed more to overblown image and wasteful media attention (in such trashy fashion magazines as Rolling Stone) as more of a successful guiding force than actually musical quality. Of course, the is no need to belabor the sad contributions from J. Lo, Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake and Christina Aguilera. 'Nuff said! The Good: There was certainly plenty in 2002, but the best of the lot included: Solomon Burke's Don't Give Up On Me (Fat Possum). Burke, a top rock 'n' soul performer in the 60s, makes a glorious comeback with an album that exudes a fiery brand of gospel-tinged soul shot straight from the, well, soul. The songs, originally done by others (including Van Morrison, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits and Brian Wilson) receive glorious makeovers as Burke's baritone breathes new zest into each number. Gospel singers the Blind Boys of Alabama guest on the uplifting spiritual "None Of Us Are Free," adding even more gospel zeal along with stunning vocal harmonies that are nothing short of inspirational and revelatory. Don't Give Up On Me is a showcase of what soul music really is, raw, powerful and feverish in sweat, heart and desire. With every album The Flaming Lips have progressively reached for new heights and Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots (Warner Brothers) is this year's masterpiece. If it wasn't the Lips, an album like Yoshimi -- the central character who must battle evil robots set on world domination - coming from some other band would have been a tossed aside like a stray lounge/easy listening album trying to hard to masquerade as a trippy rock album, which in some ways it is. And that is where the difference is most relevant. Only for the Lips can this succeed, backed by years of following an internal and slightly skewed musical vision that has once again created a masterpiece of sound and heartfelt emotion amongst a backdrop of unlimited musical imagination. A positive note for musical crossover experimentation, the Tin Hat Trio reach the furthest with a blend of avant country swing jazz with old world, Eastern European leanings and new world Americana romps on The Rodeo Eroded (Ropadope). At times the music conjures up images back porch southern hill country tales of woe and lament - slow and melancholy - but packing an emotional wallop that only a mournful viola can bring out. Imagine, if you will, songs that seem to float in outer space like some twisted twangy-jazz version of the Twilight Zone and it won't be surprising this album is unparallel and mysterious in a way that is too compelling to ignore. An uncompromising mixture of styles and overall creative experimentation propels Cornershop's Handcream For A Generation (Beggars Group) with all the moves and grooves, shakes and pops, toasts and hymns of a modern disco, rock, techno, soul, jazz, reggae, dub, power-pop, hip-hop and Indian raga-inspired masterpiece. Whoa! It is all there in a manner of controlled mayhem that works to perfection under Singh's guidance. "Lesson's Learned from Rock I to Rocky III" may just be one of the best songs of 2002. Handcream bounces around in the head until you just have to play it again--and again. Unlike Wilco's previous efforts, the country twang and pedal-steel wail is much more subdued and in many cases barley discernable altogether. Instead, Yankee Foxtrot Hotel (Nonesuch) finds front man Jeff Tweedy pushing the musical envelope once again, albeit in a new direction beyond the somehow defined alt-country limitations. Where does it say the songs have to be whiney and mellow to the point of sleepiness? Guitars feedback and distort, Rolling Stone "ooo ooh's" reverberate in the mix, sampled sounds come and go, horns and piano appear in the most unexpected places with an occasional psychedelic excursion thrown in. YFH feels more like a vintage rock album that has been updated and reworked into something fresh and accessible for a modern generation of listeners searching for something extraordinarily different. One of the best jazz releases in 2002, Vietnam: the aftermath (Justin Time) finds violinist and composer Billy Bang reaching into his heart to musically extract the nightmares and demons he has carried inside since his days as a soldier in Vietnam. Bang takes lush Southeast Asian harmonies and carefully sets them against jazz formats that run the gamut from traditional to abstract to classical, dabbling as well with rock and blues textures. The music conjures up sad images, tension filled moments, disturbing experiences and the horrors of combat on a tortured walk through a mysterious jungle landscape; one that is full of dangerous surprises.
ATLANTA, Nov. 19, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — In response to the strong global demand for specialty Biogums products, CP Kelco announced today its plans to invest in building capabilities and expanding production capacity. As a leading global producer and innovator of hydrocolloid solutions, CP Kelco is reinforcing its commitment to three Biogums product lines – gellan gum, specialty xanthan gum and diutan gum – through these key operational initiatives: - Adding gellan gum production capabilities in the company’s Wulian, China facility to support growth in the Asia Pacific region; - Expanding the overall capacity of the Wulian, China facility to support growth across all three specialty Biogums product lines; and - Expanding the recently added gellan gum production capacity in the company’s Okmulgee, Oklahoma, USA facility. In addition to the planned investments in new production capabilities and capacity, CP Kelco is equally committed to ensuring its Biogums products meet the high standards of quality and food safety established for all industry segments it serves. “As regulatory requirements related to our products increase, CP Kelco will continually invest in operational and innovative developments to help ensure we can meet or exceed our customers’ expectations,” said Didier Viala, president of CP Kelco. CP Kelco’s fermentation-derived Biogums products provide stabilization, texture, suspension and viscosity in a wide variety of food, beverage, personal care, household care, pharmaceutical and industrial products and applications. Since introducing these Biogums products to the industry over the last three decades, CP Kelco continues to focus on enabling its customers’ success and addressing the evolving, dynamic needs of the global market. About CP Kelco Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, USA, CP Kelco is a leading producer of specialty hydrocolloids with offices and facilities across the globe. Featuring an extensive range of hydrocolloid solutions and serving over 100 countries, CP Kelco leverages its capabilities to bring concepts and ideas to real-world products in a broad range of applications. The company’s specialty ingredients touch a wide variety of consumer and household products and industrial applications, tailored to meet the needs of regional consumers. Key product lines are Gellan Gum, Pectin, Carrageenan, Xanthan Gum, Diutan Gum, Refined Locust Bean Gum, Carboxymethyl Cellulose and Microparticulated Whey Protein Concentrate, as well as other unique biopolymers. Visit www.cpkelco.com for more information. CONTACT: Michele Cacdac-Jones Director of Global Communications Office: +1 678 247 7149 michele.cacdac-jones@cpkelco.
Decentralisation is a means to improve access to services and engage citizens and community representatives in public affairs and decision-making. We suggest reforms and best practice in order to strenghten the local political capacity. Various aspects of decentralisation are integrated in most of our assignments, and we provide the following expertise to policy development and strategy implementation: - Programming of support to decentralisation - Designing of decentralisation policies and implementation plans - Defining stakeholders and pin-pointing the relevant sequence of roll-out in the implementation of strategies - Supporting to the design and management of critical reforms SKL International’s decentralisation reform services are specified through a close cooperation with our clients, often donors, ministries, and local or regional authority associations. The clients’ requests vary from supporting the development of comprehensive policies to implementation plans and roll-outs for beneficiaries and donors. By piloting certain reforms, we also strive to build good practice upon which to base a concept for roll-out on a wider regional and/or national level. Pilot reforms can for example relate to the instalment of key roles and functions, procedures and processes that increase local decision-making and improve service delivery. Searching for the Tunisian way In the Tunisia Local Governance Pilot Project, SKL International has partnered with the National Federation of Tunisian Cities (FNVT). The project aims to provide immediate exposure and analysis to Tunisian local actors in order to help them define and advocate for the most optimal system of regional and local government. The tasks in this project include forming a working group on decentralization, providing regional consultations and a detailed study to outline options for territorial reform, and to transfer competencies to future local government units.
20 Traits Of An Extremely Sarcastic Girlfriend Dating a sarcastic girl is not as bad as it sounds. Sarcasm might sometimes feel like an offence, but in fact, it’s more complicated than that. Sarcastic people are not mean; they just share their own unique kind of humor. Here are 20 things you need to know about your sarcastic girlfriend: 1. She is not easily offended. One of the best traits of a sarcastic girl is that she doesn’t take words so seriously. She understands when something is a joke and she’s not hypersensitive with everything she hears. You can say almost whatever you want in front of her – at least whatever you would discuss with your best friend! 2. She knows how to have fun. The fact that she has a good sense of humor allows this girl to have fun the best way she can. You’ll never be bored when you’re around her, she can always find a way to keep you both excited. 3. She has a unique way of showing her affection. Sarcastic girls won’t tell you “I love you”, at least not so fast. You need to wait for her to be truly assured that you’re the one for her. However, a sarcastic girl can show you her affection in… sarcastic ways. 4. She likes messing with you in a good way. Don’t take things too seriously. She likes being sarcastic, because that’s who she really is. She doesn’t mean to offend you or upset you. It’s her way of sharing her thoughts and her feelings. 5. She’s really honest. She will always tell you what she thinks, no matter what. That can be good, but it can also be painful sometimes. The thing is that you will never need to be suspicious or jealous. She values honesty more than anything. 6. She values personality more than appearance. Sarcasm is a sign of a really great personality. This girl is really smart, like all people with a good sense of humour. That’s why she likes hanging out with intelligent people. And if she thinks appearance is not the most important thing in a relationship… well, that’s a trait. 7. Sarcasm is a way to defend herself. Being sarcastic doesn’t mean she’s untouchable. She has her weaknesses too. Maybe that’s what she tries to hide by being ironic most of the time. She needs to trust you completely to show you her insecurities, but then you’ll love her even more. 8. She can be really shy. You might think that’s she’s a totally extroverted person, but the truth is that she becomes easily shy. Try to meet her to your friends or even your parents and you’ll find out. When she values someone, she starts feeling insecure. So don’t forget to make her feel comfortable – she’s a human being with human feelings too! 9. She doesn’t flirt like the other girls. A sarcastic girl loves flirting by laughing at the other person or by completely ignoring them! It sounds a little immature and maybe it is, but you have to admit that it’s also playful and sweet. 10. She is spontaneous. She likes living every moment of her life without thinking too much. She likes making fast decisions, having a good time and making weird jokes. That’s who she is and probably that’s why you love her. 11. But she sometimes wishes she could think before she speaks. There are things we all wish we didn’t say. Imagine how a sarcastic person feels about such things. They say mean things all the time, without even meaning them. But if you don’t know them, you can easily hate them because of that. 12. She will occasionally say something incredibly honest, but you won’t realize it because you’ll think she’s being sarcastic. Then, she will feel pretty foolish for putting herself out there. 13. She does get hurt easily, but she never admits it. You’ll rarely see her cry. She likes to hide her tears, because she doesn’t enjoy seeming vulnerable. You need to start understanding her reactions so that you’ll comfort her when she gets hurt. It’s really hard for her to admit it! 14. She’s really proud. That can be a bad thing because she rarely admits she’s mistaken about something. When she realize she said something wrong, she stops talking and she looks really angry. She’s basically angry with herself. 15. She doesn’t really know how to make a move. She truly doesn’t know how to give you the signal that she likes you/loves you/cares about you/wants to apologize. She’s just hoping you will see through her sarcasm and see she’s basically dying for you to notice her. 16. She can see right through you. Understanding other people’s state of mind and emotions are related to her ability to understand sarcasm. If she is responding with a sarcastic remark to your excuse, then she probably doesn’t believe you. So you’d better watch out! 17. She is an introvert. That’s because she finds meeting new people exhausting! She has to be nice and friendly, until she knows them well enough to unveil her true self. 18. She likes dating smart people. You are not the type to keep quite at her nonsensical comments and more often than not, provide some extremely witty comebacks of your own. 19. She can somehow insult you whilst making you laugh. You don’t even realize until after, but by then her humor has won your forgiveness. That’s why she’s adorable. 20. She doesn’t have a lot of friends. But it’s not because people hate her sarcasm. It’s actually because she likes choosing the right people to be by her side. She also believes that the less, the better. So if you’re her boyfriend, you’re a lucky guy. And remember: she chose you!
Cuesta: The Premier Web Developer for the Education Industry Cuesta is different from most Web development companies. We come to the Web and Internet "platforms" with a background steeped in education, computer science and user-interface design. As educational software developers, we are known throughout the industry as experts in Websites for education publishers and vendors. We are proud of our reputation as the education industry's premier Web developer. We regularly attend education conferences and networking events such as EdNet and AEP/AAP. We are early adopters of the LRMI (Learning Resource Metadata Initiative) and are prepared to implement technologies for our clients that will allow them to take advantage of tagging systems when the time is right. Because of our advanced database technologies, our clients will be able to implement these features with relative ease, unlike many publishers who will have to start from scratch. Cuesta can also provide freelance services such as proofreading, catalog copy, content editing and social media marketing. We offer development of lessons/activities for textbook and supplemental book publishers. Experienced with both print and Web-based materials, our staff is composed of seasoned professionals who are well connected in the education publishing and ed-tech communities. Some of us even venture into the classroom as substitute teachers from time to timein order to refresh our memories about what a teacher's day is really like, and to take a closer look at school purchasing requirements. Cuesta's Web Marketing Services: What We Can Do For You Client History: CDW's GetEdFunding - GetEdFunding.com CDW-G, together with its marketing consultant, came to Cuesta with an idea about how it could make the lives of educators easier while seeking funding opportunities.
There are no words that could take away the heartbreak and profound grief of a parent who just found out that their child has died as the result of a horrific crime. I won’t even pretend to comprehend that the depth of this kind of grief. However, I do know that collectively people can help with healing by giving the family words and actions of comfort and to not forget their child. I recently received this information and I pass it on to those who read this blog. It is the address to the SANDY HOOK School where cards are being received and will be disseminated to the families of the fallen and the staff. Here is the address and thank you. PO Box 783 Sandy Hook, CT 06482 Attention: Chief William Halstead
This very large eagle catches fish or sea birds with a low, slow approach, dropping its feet into the water to snatch the prey and then taking it to shore. These eagles were persecuted to extinction by 1918, but in 1975 a release programme was started on Rùm in Scotland. The population in Scotland is now around 60 breeding pairs, with over 200 adult birds. Since eagles readily feed on carrion, they get blamed for killing animals they are unlikely to kill. The financial benefit to Scotland from tourists coming to photograph these stunning birds is approximately £5 million a year. The merlin, which belongs to the falcon family, is the smallest UK raptor and can be found during the spring and summer on the uplands, nesting on the ground underneath heather. A specialist bird-catcher, it feeds its young on larks and meadow pipits in the summer. Females are brown, as are juveniles, while adult males have a blue-grey back. Once the autumn arrives, these birds move to lowlands, in a partial migration, for the winter. Since merlins are fast, agile and small, they are not commonly seen, but energetic young make a spectacular ringing flight after larks. Larger than the merlin, this little falcon migrates to the UK from Africa in the spring to breed. With its long, sickle-shaped wings, it resembles a giant swift and is incredibly nimble in flight. Feeding on dragonflies and other insects, the hobby is often seen near large bodies of water. It nests using abandoned crows’ nests, and during the breeding season it hunts for swallows and swifts to feed its young. Once the young are able to fly and can hunt for themselves, hobbies migrate with the swallows back to Africa. By the 1970s, the common (or Eurasian) buzzard was rare in the UK other than in the far west. Since then, however, there has been a huge increase thanks to more nesting areas and to rabbits surviving myxomatosis, and buzzards are now breeding in every county. Buzzards are usually seen on fi ne days soaring and calling, with a mewing cry, or sitting on poles, on fences by roads or on the ground, particularly when ploughed in the winter. They scavenge roadkill, which can cause them traffic injuries, or feed on insects on the ground. There is enormous colour variation in this species, from almost all cream to very dark brown. The golden eagle prefers remote moorlands and mountains in Scotland, usually nesting on cliff ledges. It soars over the Highlands, catching rabbits, hares and birds with its very powerful feet. It also consumes carrion, in some areas being reliant on dead animals during the winter. Golden eagles pair for life. Of the two eggs that the female lays, one chick rarely survives, the other fl edging at about three-and-a-half months. Juveniles have a mottled white and brown tail with a black band, which turns brown over the years. The golden feathers that give this eagle its name are on the head and the neck. Once the UK’s most common raptor, observed hovering by roads and motorways, this falcon has seen a decrease of 40 per cent over the past two decades. A key reason for the decline is the lack of sufficient nest sites and suitable grasslands for hunting. Kestrels are characterised by a beautiful chestnut-red colour over their bodies. The female has a red tail with bars, while the adult male has a grey head and grey tail with a black band at its tip. These birds are best known for hunting mice and voles by hovering, often descending in stages to drop on their prey. This aggressive, forest-dwelling hunter was probably extinct as a breeder until the middle of the 20th century. Its wing shape allows it to twist and turn through trees, and its long legs and powerful feet are well suited to hunting birds and mammals up to the size of a hare, with a short, often surprise attack. Adults are grey and white, with fi ne horizontal bars on the breast, while juveniles are brown, with vertical brown stripes. Goshawks build large stick nests and lay up to four eggs. The parents are vocal in the spring, when they can sometimes be seen soaring high in good weather. This little hawk is most commonly seen in gardens catching small birds. Its defining features are very long, thin legs and yellow eyes. Males are tiny in comparison to females. Both hunt birds, but females can take birds up to the size of a pigeon. The sparrowhawk is often blamed, wrongly, for the demise of small birds, while in fact it is cats, cars, windows and pesticides that are responsible. Sparrowhawks build a stick nest and rear up to five young. The young grow swiftly and become independent by the age of 14 weeks, although onlyabout a third survive their first year. By 1903, red kites had been persecuted close to extinction, with the last few remaining in the mountains of Wales, when a farmer started to feed them. Now, with four feeding stations, there are 900 pairs in Wales. There have been very successful translocation programmes in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, so kites are now seen soaring together in many places. Long wings, a long, forked tail and red colour make the red kite easy to identify. These birds are mainly scavengers, feeding on roadkill and animal remains. They have small feet for their body size, which limits the prey they can catch. Brought to low numbers by pesticides in the middle of the 20th century, the peregrine has recovered dramatically. Many peregrines are now urban birds, nesting on cathedrals, other tall buildings and bridges. Probably the fastest living creature, the peregrine hunts birds up to the size of large gulls, almost always on the wing. It has a short tail and long, pointed wings. The juveniles are brown, while the adults have a grey-blue back. In the UK, these birds are sedentary, but peregrines in other areas can be migratory, and they are the most widely spread raptors worldwide.
Man Buys Daily Nation Ad-Space to Pen This Request to Sonko A Nairobi resident, Philip Sagoti, on Wednesday, bought an ad-space on Daily Nation and penned a letter requesting Nairobi Governor, Mike Mbuvi Sonko, to offer him a job. In the letter, Sagoti stated that he was a university graduate with over 15 years of experience in public service. "Hon. Sonko I have reached out to you openly because I am not sure if my earlier communication did reach you. I also know that you cherish openness and transparency. "I am driven by a strong conviction that I could make a significant contribution to your efforts to improve Nairobi city," Sigoi wrote. He also vowed that he would meet the expectations of the Nairobi residents if he was accorded the opportunity. "I look forward to your consideration to make me part of the leadership in Nairobi county," he concluded. The Nairobi Deputy Governor seat was left vacant after January 2018, after Polycarp Igathe resigned. Igathe claimed that he had failed to earn the governor's trust in driving the administration and management duties of the county. In April 2019, when the Nairobi Governor was summoned by the Senate to explain why he did not have a deputy, he divulged that it was a non-issue. “You cannot abuse your powers and compel me to appoint a DG. I cannot say the steps unless you senators pass the County Government Bill and it's accepted by the president. Until then I will not,” he told the Senate Committee on Devolution and Intergovernmental Relations. - 18 August 2019 - 6:30 pm - 18 August 2019 - 5:19 pm - 18 August 2019 - 5:13 pm - 18 August 2019 - 4:42 pm - 18 August 2019 - 3:46 pm - 18 August 2019 - 3:24 pm - 18 August 2019 - 2:50 pm - 18 August 2019 - 2:12 pm - 18 August 2019 - 1:45 pm - 18 August 2019 - 1:15 pm - 18 August 2019 - 12:26 pm - 18 August 2019 - 12:06 pm
Camtasia Studio Crack:is an amazing software at that time in the market which permits you to create many good looking videos and many other applications for entertainment purposes. With the help of this application, you can make so many beautiful videos according to your needs. This software operates according to user demands. This software also gives so many strong instruments for the purpose of making beautiful videos and also provides an editing facility to the user. The application also provides us the facility of importing videos and audios with many different ways. For the purpose of marketing HD videos, this software gives the option of 3D background which very beautiful. For the purpose of the creation of videos and many other tasks, this application is best at that time in the market. Camtasia Studio Free Download With Crack Camtasia Studio Free Download also gives you the option to write in different styles, voice editing and many other specific tools re is no such kind of software which able to compete for such kind of application at that time in the market. Also, it is such kind of application which has specific tools and due to its amazing feature tools, it can mix your photos, graph design, and much different design in a better way. Moreover, it can provide you with the facility to mix your images, photos, and graphic design in different tracks. With the help of this software, all operations can be done in easy way. Includes video impacts, music effects, and just the intro. Video compressing, Video Tools, and Video Programming accessible environment for Windows and Mac. It includes new effective and advanced highlights and natural composting effects. Camtasia Studio Crack Features - Includes video impacts, music effects as well as the intro - Fresh as well as an updated version - Having many tracks on the timeline - Can also Mix more videos on the single track - Customizes all types of best manners is also the best quality - Used to import digital camera recordings - Can Create more beautiful videos for entertainment purpose - Can easily share this videos with one another - A more useful method to add and voice changing facility also - Can also help you to combine audio and video impact also - Fine tools to show your products in many different ways Camtasia Studio Crack What’s New in Camtasia Studio Crack? - Extraordinary execution of your desired files - Energized foundations of videos - Music tracks & effects - Icons & Images - Movement designs & Clips similarly its effects - Windows Xp/7/8/8.1/10 (32/64-Bit) - OS Mac (all Versions) - Processor Dual-core 2.0GHz or above things are the primary needs for installation. - 2GB RAM is also compulsory for this installation - 4 GB free disk space is also necessary for this operation. How To Register Activate or Crack Camtasia Studio Free? - The main important step in installing Camtasia Studio is to connect with the internet - Another step is to Download the newest version of Camtasia Studio from the link given below - Now you must run the full or all setup from a saved folder or downloaded folder and then you must wait for the installation completion - For the further process, instructions are also given in the file - Now your all work regarding Camtasia Studio is completed - Now you can enjoy the features of Camtasia Studio
Thanks to all who joined us at Trade Days 2015 at the NEC, Birmingham this year Roma was proud to sponsor and support WWRC15 Fantastic effort from Team GB who take 5th place. Congratulations to Canada who take home the Gold! The NEW compact mobility scooter the Shoprider Mikra is now available Dealers – For more details or to make a purchase, please call the sales office on 01656 674488, fax on 01656 67449 or email email@example.com.
Dragons hoard treasure in their lairs. Gold, mostly, but the occasional jeweled chalice or silver goblet can be found. As you know, Smaug did it. And now all the cool mythological reptiles are doing it. Because. Tolkien. This trope dates back to Beowulf which was written during the time period academics call, “A wicked frickin’ long time ago.” That’s the earliest literature I can think of where a dragon is hoarding gold. “the…dragon…is driven to hunt out hoards underground, to guard heathen gold through age-long vigils…” – Beowulf It’s a thing. It just is. In the wonderful world of Harry Potter, dragons are used to guard treasures in Gringotts Bank. (But, let’s not go there. Evil lurks in the hearts of goblins.) In the Goblet of Fire, one of the trials in the Triwizard Tournament is to get an egg from a dragon. A golden egg. I know what you’re thinking (or maybe not). Why gold? I mean, the dragon can’t walk into a cobbler’s shop and order shoes. Can’t buy a Van Gogh. The gold is useless. Precious…but not enjoyed. Just hoarded. So…why? And where am I going with this? I hoard books. I have a TBR (To Be Read) pile that is large enough to fill half my house. There are books I’ve been meaning to read and ones I’ve already read that I won’t part with. A dragon could sleep, curled up, quite comfortably on top that pile. I could have a party on there with room to spare. I could send invitations with an option to bring a guest and still we’d be able to move about freely. If I live another 100 years, I will never get a chance to read them all. I am just like the “dragon jealously guarding its gold hoard…” * Things don’t usually go well for these dragons. I know this. Yet…that’s me. The greedy book-loving word nerd who jealously guards its book hoard. Unlike a dragon’s gold, books are not useless, they are priceless. But what good are they if they’re sitting here, staring longingly at me from their shelves? I should be ashamed. That I don’t give my books away. That I breathe fire at anyone attempting to steal from my pile. That I hoard in the first place. Alas, I am not ashamed. And I continue to collect and hoard. *sigh* I’ve learned nothing. Except that I am a dragon. Am I a reader or a collector? Hmm… Do you hoard books or do you buy, read, give away, repeat, and keep your pile manageable? I’m wicked curious how many book-lovers out there actually have a manageable TBR pile.
HIPHOP LEGEND [artwork rapper] - CANVAS POP-ArT ! ► You too can have this beautiful painting at home! ► High quality canvas to personalize online with Pop Art effects. An effect and a superb color rendering thanks to our advanced technique. The canvas is stretched and stapled on a wooden frame 2 cm thick in our premises. Canvas designed for printing and high quality (cotton 300gr / m²). Matt HD printing with our Epson 9890 Professional Plotter. Colored print on the edges of the canvas for a relief effect on your walls. - Delivery with tracking number 🎁 ► Frame dimensions: 20 x 20 cm (8 inch) 30 x 30 cm (12 inch) 40 x 40 cm (16 inch) 50 x 50 cm (20 inch) 60 x 60 cm (24 inches) 70 x 70 cm (28 inches) 80 x 80 cm (31 inch) ► You can also if you wish ::: Customize your POP-ART table simply by giving us your family / friend / animal photos or your holiday. And preferably of high quality! Do not hesitate to contact us to ask us your questions and to recalculate your delivery charges in case of multiple purchases. ☼ Thank you for your visit ☼ All Other Countries First Item: $13.90 Additional Items: $0.00 ARTY-creation has not yet received any comments from shoppers.
Quantum simulations show that comets and other celestial bodies may have not only delivered building blocks for life to Earth, but also synthesised them on impact Researchers from the US have discovered that exposing glycine solutions to sudden heat and pressure – 3000K and 48GPa to mimic a comet impacting Earth – can yield carbon-rich structures, including prebiotically-important nitrogen-containing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (NPAHs).1 Glycine is a proteinogenic amino acid – one of 22 that are incorporated biosynthetically into proteins during translation. It is also the simplest amino acid and has been identified on comets such as 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.2 Now, Matthew Kroonblawd and colleagues at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory have used semi-empirical quantum simulations to understand what happens when glycine-rich icy materials crash into a planetary surface. The study modelled 10 solutions of glycine under hot and compressed conditions, followed by rapid expansion and cool down periods. They produced a variety of small organic products and NPAHs with different functionalities such as carboxyl, amine and alcohol groups, as well as aromatic heterocycles like furans and pyrroles. NPAHs are important precursors to nucleobases. The researchers say their findings support an alternative pathway to circumstellar gas-phase radical reactions for creating NPAHs. It also verifies that prebiotic molecules carried by comets can not only survive an impact, but also react under such extreme conditions to produce a diverse series of organic products, adding to theories of how life came to exist on Earth.
Welcome to the Tolkien Sarcasm Page! J.R.R. Tolkien, in writing his extraordinary books about Middle-earth, has succeeded in creating a world so finely-detailed and fully-realized that even now, over fifty years after The Lord of the Rings was first published, linguists and scholars still continue their avid research and debates about the world Tolkien has created. The Tolkien Sarcasm Page, one of the oldest bastions of Tolkien humor on the Web, is here to help Middle-earth historians everywhere take a break from those heated arguments about Glorfindel's bloodline and whether or not Thingol was a wise King. Instead, stop and relax for a little while with one of the following strange activities: - Follow this link to the Tolkien Art Gallery, a display showing Tolkien's deep and sometimes surprising influence in the world of classical and modern art. - The Lord of the Rings Board Game is still extremely hard to find in most stores. Odds are it will continue to be. You might enjoy taking a look at this now-legendary addition to the Middle-earth gaming world. - As the Internet has grown, the demand for an e-text version of The Lord of the Rings has continued to intensify. At long last a number of noted Tolkien scholars have begun the intensive task of preparing an electronic text of The Lord Of The... whatever for you deadbeats who are too lazy to buy the real book. Watch this work in progress as it unfolds! - Through the deft research of Öjevind Lång, several of A. Conan Doyle's lost manuscripts about Middle-earth have been uncovered. Now at last the adventures of Sherlock Holmes in Middle-earth are available here! - Good, objective information about the enemies in Lord of the Rings is hard to come by. With this in mind, here is some research describing one group of enemies in sharp detail: the swarthy People of Dunland. - Tolkien drew inspiration from many historical and poetic sources to write The Lord of the Rings. Todd Jensen has discovered and published an excerpt from one of those sources, long thought to be lost: William Shakespeare's epic drama The Tragedie of Frodo Baggins. - For those of you who are doing research for a book report on Tolkien, but don't want to be bothered with reading volumes and volumes of his work, you may find this Synopsis of The Lord of the Rings to be helpful. A brief summary of The Silmarillion, and a selection of possible term-papers topics, are included here as well. - More advanced students of Tolkien might want to try their hand at the Middle-earth test available on this server. Be warned, however, that the advanced questions can be somewhat difficult even for Tolkien experts. - I was fortunate enough to have relatives who uncovered a rare, almost-unknown Tolkien manuscript in 1995: Saruman's Diary. I've duplicated it for you here, complete with the accompanying footnotes. - The magic and depth of Tolkien's works has, so far, eluded the filmmakers who have tried to reproduce it. Sadly, this review of Ralph Bakshi's Lord of the Rings Part One describes how one filmmaker was particularly eluded. (We're hoping Peter Jackson will do a bit better.) - Indeed, a lot of speculation has taken place about what The Lord of the Rings would look like once it's been through Hollywood's hands. Well, you need wonder no longer! For the very first time on the Web, we present the complete movie version of The Lord of the Rings! Believe it or not, this epic movie is now available for immediate download in its entirety! - For those who are curious about what happened to Middle-earth in the Ages after The Lord of the Rings took place, have a look at Gil Williamson's Tales from the Prancing Pony. This amazing site documents the story of three British adventurers who spent four months in Middle-earth in the late 1880s, with a genteel and well-mannered Uruk-hai as their guide. - Last, but by no means the least, allow me to introduce the legendary Tolkien Crackpot Theories page: a compendium of some of the less-likely suggestions about the history of Middle-earth. By the way, if you're completely unfamiliar with J.R.R. Tolkien's work, all this may seem a little mysterious to you. However, a look at the rec.arts.books.tolkien FAQ might be of some help in illuminating you until you get a chance to read the actual books. It should be noted that, however much sarcasm they may inspire, the books are superb and well worth reading. (Indeed, they're much more worthwhile reading than this web-page is.) (Click here if you're interested in the copyright information, disclaimer, photo credits and other such legal Coming soon: Keebler's Elves: The Avari Turn To Evil.
This isn’t a tag, nor an award – but a challenge by Kelly @ Another Book In The Wall. I rarely refuse a challenge, so here we are! Ready to dive into my books and see what I can come up with! The challenge: Find a book that contains (either on the cover or in the title) an example for each category. You must have a separate book for all 20, get as creative as you want and do it within five minutes!! It won’t be within five minutes, because as I’m writing this post, I’m not even at home so I have to make do with my Goodreads-shelf, haha. I’ll try my best though! FOOD – TRANSPORTATION – WEAPON – ANIMAL NUMBER – SOMETHING YOU READ – BODY OF WATER – PRODUCT OF FIRE ROYALTY – ARCHITECTURE – CLOTHING ITEM – FAMILY MEMBER TIME OF DAY – MUSIC – PARANORMAL BEING – OCCUPATION SEASON – COLOR – CELESTIAL BODY – SOMETHING THAT GROWS There! I did it! And mostly with books I haven’t read yet at that! This was fun, really. I’ve never scrolled so frantically through my books, haha. Actually, now that I think of it, these prompts seem kind of fun to use in a bingo, no? What do you think? Now it’s my time to challenge! Any covers that immediately spoke to you? Should I create a bingo sheet with these prompts one day? Feel like doing this one as well? Consider yourself challenged!
I’ve been a little down recently and trying to figure out why. It struck me this morning. As a mom no one is ever going out of their way for ME. Which isn’t fair. My husband does a LOT for our family and for the kids. And the kids are sweet, if occasionally monstrous. But I was putting together my husband’s tea for him to have something warm when he walked Levi to the bus stop at 7 (yes, see, my husband walks our kid to the bus stop, I really need to stop complaining), and I realized that from the moment I wake up I’m trying to help other people, I get out of bed and make my son lunch while my husband makes breakfast and sits down to eat with him. I make breakfast for Phalene and myself, mine gets cold and then it’s walking her to school, coming home and cleaning clothes or something, or going grocery shopping. I’m getting the things into backpacks or put away so they can be worn tomorrow. I get plenty of time to myself (okay, I want more), but if the roles were reversed I would never sit down to eat. I wouldn’t be handed a tea when I stepped out the door. And it isn’t that he isn’t caring, it’s that he wouldn’t think of it. It’s compounded by the fact that I don’t get Christmas or birthday presents unless I buy them myself. And I’m having a hard time because it isn’t fair to be upset over it. I don’t know how to explain the problem I’m having, because I KNOW I’m so overly blessed. But at the same time, I really want someone to hand me tea. Or to put the hot water bottle in my bed on cold nights.
Hockey Betting Picks Trial Ready for 3 days of winning hockey predictions? Wait no longer. Start your free trial today betting on hockey. Our 3 days of free hockey picks will teach you about the basics of hockey betting and the best way to build your bankroll not using a martingale betting strategy. Working with the world famous legend Jon Price will teach you all of the rational betting systems to earn money when gambling on Hockey.
Turn your home, apartment, dwelling into a space you love. A touch of accents, furnishings and very high tech gadgets from Brookstone's well known for quality and innovative collections will add comfort, ease of living and entertain to any lifestyle. Start Decorating with furnishings for inside and out. Decorate a man cave, home office, a room or two or even a bar. Change the ambiance of a room with a throw rug and some pillows. A little of this and a little of that is all you need to create a new living experience. Because it is the home section, that means home and personal security is important, and we want you safe. Find items that just might come in handy some day. Before decorating, or need to straighten up a bit, Brookstone has a great selection of vacuums and cleaners to make your home spotless. And before the party begins or going out for a Friday night date, get snazzy with unique jewelry and watches. The Home department is diverse to meet DIY, new owners and experienced home owners. Which are you? Begin your transformation today.
In the unfortunate event that you are involved in a road traffic accident, a victim of theft, or experience glass damage, Mazda Accident AfterCare is there for you. Don’t worry about costs, this service is free to all Mazda owners. Designed to get you back on the road safely and smoothly, the Mazda Accident AfterCare service will take care of all the paper work. Save the number in your mobile phone today – 0800 015 0367 – just in case you need us. First thing’s first, in the event of an accident call the police or emergency services. Then before you notify your insurer, ‘Call Mazda First’ on 0800 015 0367. Your claim will then be managed by one of our dedicated case handlers, who will liaise directly with the insurer on your behalf. During the claim process a courtesy car will be sent to you, before your fully repaired Mazda is delivered to your door – at no additional cost. Your Mazda car will be repaired in a manufacturer-approved Mazda Bodyshop, in which a team of Mazda-trained specialists will utilise their full expertise in fixing your vehicle. Only genuine Mazda parts will be used, ensuring your Mazda is restored to the highest standard. In the unfortunate event of a theft, a simply ‘Call Mazda First’ on 0800 015 0367 and we will help you quickly and easily report the crime, deal with the paper work and discuss replacement options. When you have the security of Mazda Car Insurance, you are guaranteed to receive excellent accident and repair service – ensuring your Mazda retains its performance and reliability following an unfortunate accident. It’s important to be aware that many UK motor insurance companies will repair your vehicle as cheaply as possible, often not using genuine Mazda parts. With Mazda Car Insurance we promise to: With Mazda Car Insurance, your car will: Call 0800 316 3096 today to switch from your current provider to Mazda Car Insurance and we’ll cover the cost of your cancellation fee. When you are insured with us you will enjoy a range of benefits included as standard, such as: Extra cover can be arranged suited to your motoring needs. With a small additional cost, you will receive: Other car-owners in your family can also benefit from Mazda Car Insurance. Add them into our policy and you’ll receive a yearly discount. Switch to Mazda Car Insurance today to enjoy the security of a premium-brand insurer. Call 0800 316 3096 to find out more.
Finally moved to a new apartment, got a brand new awesome office in which I’ll be able to spend more time on game development which is big news! I never felt that good in my entire life, I feel productive, I work on several projects with success and I really feel good about jumping back to IGS development. Over the last months, I kept on refining the game design and came up with cool ideas featuring prototyping games to unlock new genres and CEO daily tasks. With such a refined design, I now know the direction I want to take the game into and I feel I’m getting close to something I can call alpha 2. I cannot wait to let people play the new engine, the game has come a long way from alpha 1 with a total rewrite using the Unity3D game engine and a total game design revamp. It’s going to be buggy but you’re going to love it! Forums are down. I woke up one morning to find out that our forums were totally flooded by 100 000+ spam messages. I didn’t wanted to totally erase the current boards because they were full of nice comments and ideas but I also didn’t wanted to spend hours removing those spam bots and making sure everything is clean again. I might roll up new forums as alpha 2 approaches who knows? IRC is dead. Unfortunately, the network we were onto is almost dead so is our channel. I’m thinking on starting a new one with the forums relaunch but I’m still juggling between networks. Backers, I’m not forgetting about you! Expect an email in the coming weeks about your funder perks, perks production should restart soon. I dream of the day I release alpha 2, I loved the whole alpha 1 adventure and I just want more! Thanks for your support, you’re all amazing. Meanwhile if you want to keep in touch with me you can follow @tommybergeron.
In need of a logo for a film and photography business. Something simple and clean but catchy. I am starting new film and photography that will offer a variety of film & photography for primarily real estate, wedding and business advertising but is not limited these areas. Morello Film is a new age style of media that offers a younger more modern style to it’s films and Any business, real estate agency or engaged couples. Design Specifics: Something very simple and clean e.g Morello Film in a clean and smart font, probably just in black, maybe something done with one of the beginning letters e.g. the ‘F’ or ‘M’ on a slight angle or in another font. A small logo to go with ‘Morello Film’ maybe a couple of shapes/lines joined together or even an element of a camera e.g aperture ring/lens if it doesn’t look too tacky and cliche or some kind of simple shape/line design incorporated into the wording. January 17, 2017
Unnao to Barabanki – two opposite desires are struggling for dominion in our society Today the Supreme Court has transferred all cases related to the Unnao rape out of Uttar Pradesh. This is a damning indictment, but only the latest one, of the way in which the law and order machinery has failed the young woman who was only a minor in 2017 when she says she was gang raped by BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar and his associates. Last year her father died in police custody. On Sunday a truck with its license plate suspiciously blackened crashed into her car, her two aunts were killed, her lawyer was seriously injured, she is battling for life on a ventilator – it is reported that her police escort had not got into the car conveniently saying it had no space for them. The stringent POCSO and anti-rape laws notwithstanding trial has not begun even one year after CBI charged Sengar and others of rape and murder. If BJP has expelled Sengar today it is too little too late. Every rape survivor out there thinking about pursuing justice would be thinking twice, having seen how police and political power have brutally and systematically subverted it in the Unnao case. Meanwhile, over in Barabanki, about 90km away from Unnao, a teenager asked the police visiting her school and advising the schoolchildren to always reach for the law: “What is the guarantee that if I protest against some influential political leader then I will be safe and nothing will happen to me?” She did this with great clarity and to the applause of her schoolmates. Her summary of the Unnao case was chilling. But bottom line is that fully cognizant of the scandals of law and society, she is still standing straight and resolute for the cause of women’s safety. And this is the juxtaposition emblematic of our times. Surely the bright consciousness of this Barabanki schoolgirl and the extraordinary fighting spirit of the Unnao survivor speak to the current state of Uttar Pradesh as much as the political-police-judicial resistance to their struggles and demands. Even as the latter presses one into hopelessness, the former suggests there will be light at the end of the tunnel. Youth of Barabanki and elsewhere could help build a better tomorrow. Or could themselves sink into a mire of apathy as they cross over into adulthood. On good days I believe they will prevail. DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author’s own.
||Home | Site Map | Buyer's Guide Search| |Event Calendar||Article Archive||Message Boards||Classifieds||Product Showcases||News||Advertise||Search||Join Now| Making Big Decisions: Will Doing Nothing Destroy Your Business? By Rock LaManna, President/CEO, LaManna Alliance Here's the scenario: You're the head coach of your favorite NFL team, and you're in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl. Your team has the ball, and it's fourth and goal at the one yard-line. You have a very big decision to make. Now you trail the game by three points, so you could kick the field goal, get the tie and force overtime. However, there are 50 seconds left on the clock, and the opposition has been moving the ball at will. If you kick the field goal and give it back to them, there's a very good chance they'll move the ball right down the field and kick another field goal for the win. You call a time-out, and all eyes turn to you. It's time to make a decision. What do you do? What if you did nothing? Just sat there, crossed your arms, or even got in your car and drove home? It's unthinkable that a coach would do that. The consequences would be severe, but that's not the case for many business owners faced with a big decision. For many, doing nothing is the preferred option to making those big decisions. Unfortunately, in almost every case, it can be disastrous. Let's review how "doing nothing" can impact every area of your business, from your business strategy, to financials, to your operations. Then we'll learn how you can make the right call, and guide your own team to victory. How Doing Nothing Impacts Financials His team presented him with a number of positive outcomes from the investments, but there were nagging inconsistencies as well. The numbers just weren't adding up. In the end, he did nothing. "It is perfectly correct for a businessman to say, 'Let's do nothing' until the facts or the situation is clarified," he commented. However, don't use that quote as a cop-out for making the big call. The ideal situation is to have two options, with concrete consequences resulting from either decision, just like in our football coach scenario. Acquire enough quantitative and qualitative data to recognize your options and their consequences. But what if you chose to do nothing? How will it impact your financials over the long run? No business can stand still. You're either growing or you're losing ground. "Do nothing" long enough, and from a financial perspective, you'll find your revenues dropping, your profit margins dwindling, and your lender knocking on your door. Just like the football coach who refuses to make a call, you'd eventually suffer the same fate: You'd lose your job, or in this case, your company. "Big Decision" Financial Considerations To make a big decision, be sure you have a solid grasp on these essential financial metrics. And while we're on the topic, let's next take a look at your operations. Will Doing Nothing Affect Your Operations? An easy concept to grasp, but most owners miss that doing nothing to improve your processes will have the same result. If you don't track quality metrics and establish best practices, and instead allow your people to do their own thing, the subsequent inconsistencies will hurt your company. Production schedules would be irregular, defects more frequent. Ultimately, morale would decline among your most precious asset: Your people. Without a solid commitment to improving quality on an ongoing basis, your staff will become frustrated. It's hard to be committed to a company if there is no clear direction, and your processes are hard to follow. People want to do a job, and they want to do it well. As an owner, you need to establish quality processes to ensure that happens. "Big Decision" Operational Considerations Could all this data cause more confusion? It will if you let it. Some owners, when encountered by too many options and too many variables, suffer paralysis by analysis. They become simply too overwhelmed to make a decision. Other owners will simply bypass the task of collecting data altogether, citing they're too busy to spend time on quality improvements. Setting limits for yourself will help you avoid those mindsets. Determine a point when you have enough data to make a decision, and be sure you allocate resources (aka time) to the effort. Will Doing Nothing Affect Succession Planning? This "Do Nothing" conspiracy is unfortunate from a succession planning perspective, because it can have a dramatic impact. Financially, the delay of succession planning will cost you time. It can take up to 10 years to set up effective trusts, and the longer you wait, the more you delay the inevitable. You'll also likely see a dip in a company's performance if a smooth transition into new ownership isn't established, and the company isn't on the same page. Emotionally, expect conflict on the home front. When there is a lack of vision (and in the case of an untimely death, a void in leadership), conflict naturally will arise. Families have been cleaved apart by family businesses. These nasty, often lifetime rifts can be avoided if business processes are established. "Big Decision" Succession Planning Considerations The Best Advice I Ever Received on Making Decisions Owners are often wracked with fear and uncertainty about the outcome of the decision. The reason this happens isn't so much because they fear the end result, it's that they simply haven't considered what the end result could be. They haven't mapped out potential consequences of their decision, and the fear of the unknown is stopping them in their tracks. Owners may have an indecisive personality, which is compounded by a lack of clear-cut data, timing and consequences. Even those with the strongest backbone will waver without these three items. Yet with all of the qualitative and quantitative data in the world, if all options are relatively equal in terms of consequences, then it really doesn't matter what decision you make. It's what you do after the decision that really counts. Let's return to our football coach as an example: In each case, how the team plays after the big call will determine the outcome. Consider all of the elements discussed as you assess your organization and work to make the right call. Make sure you have quality data, both qualitatively and quantitatively. Then, if the decision isn't clear-cut, make your call and put all of your energy and effort into moving forward. If you and your team are committed to the decision, you'll prove that you made the right call. Rock LaManna is the president and CEO of the LaManna Alliance, which helps printing owners and CEOs use their company financials to prioritize and choose the proper strategic transition - including mergers, acquisitions, organic growth, and exit / succession plans. This article appeared in the SGIA Journal, November/December 2013 Issue and is reprinted with permission. Copyright 2014 Specialty Graphic Imaging Association (www.sgia.org). All Rights Reserved. © Copyright 1999-2019, All Rights Reserved.
Back in February (yes it has been a while since my last entry) I attended the Durango Songwriter's Expo in Ventura California. I can honestly say that it was the best music conference experience that I have had to date. Strangely enough, it had nothing to do with the location, the speakers or the classes. Don't get me wrong, Jim Attebery did a great job as usual putting together an engaging event in a fabulous location (it was Ventura California after all, and the ballroom view overlooking the Pacific Ocean is pretty spectacular) but the reason the event stood out for me was simply put...the people. That might seem obvious to some, but my bet is more than a fair share of folks attend these events because they hope that some publisher or record producer is going to hear their amazing potential and swoop them up into the wild world of the dream fulfilling music business. Some are probably pretty oblivious to the other writers around them except for maybe a reality check for better or for worse. Heaven knows that I have had that mindset in the past and I see it now in many of the younger, less experienced, writers. Let's face it, that is a pretty inward focused mindset... "what's in it for me?." A lot of folks live their whole lives with this mindset. When we live like this the best we can hope to wind up with in the end is a bunch of what we have spent our time focused on, ourselves. That's not a very rewarding or fulfilling prize for all our efforts. I have been writing songs for a long time (let's not think too much about that :-)) It has only been for the past two years, however, that I have really focused on networking with other writers and maybe it was as recent as February when I finally realized the real benefit of networking does not lie in my success as a writer, but in what I get from networking. What I get is PEOPLE. I have made it to the place where I can walk into a room at these events and usually know several of the faces and often the stories behind the faces as well. The immediate and maybe ultimate reward for throwing yourself wholeheartedly into the crazy mix of creatives that inhabit this songwriting universe is getting to know some amazing people. Rubbing shoulders and sharing your life and a common passion with a bunch of wonderful folks who don't all look, dress or think like you makes you a better writer and a better human being. Remembering this can change the question from, "What's in it for me?" to, "What can I bring to them?" That's a life altering question that changes our focus from inward to outward. For me, it was this change in mindset that made the event in February so much fun. As I spend the next few days here in Nashville, I am looking for opportunities to have some time with friends old and new and I am remembering just how fortunate I am to have each of them in my life.
Yesterday, Variety ran a story detailing Netflix’s roll out of patches, Netflix’s version of gamification badges, that will further reward binge watching and passive behavior in children. “We are testing a new feature on select kids titles that introduces collectible items for a more interactive experience, adding an element of fun and providing kids something to talk about and share around the titles they love. We learn by testing and this feature may or may not become part of the Netflix experience.” – Netflix Before we jump into some data I wanted to briefly uncover the business side of this roll out. What Variety’s story, among others, doesn’t detail is that the first iteration of this service was likely tested in early 2016. I first noticed Netflix’s gamification positioning while watching Kong: King of the Apes, a Netflix animated children’s series, with my son. There were special one to two minute long episodes you could unlock called Kong: King of the Apes – Battles. In them you were able to view the lead character, Kong, fighting a previous episode’s monster. As you watched more episodes you would unlock a power up for that special battle episode. You would then have the option to select which way you would try to defeat the monster in a choose-your-own-adventure style interface. Your selection would trigger a new video and impact the outcome of the fight; you would win or lose based on that decision. It shouldn’t surprise you that Netflix tested this concept two years ago. It’s common practice for larger businesses to roll out pilot programs and beta test ideas. Especially with a service like Netflix that deeply analyzes the behavioral impact of thumbnail image selection and viewership (this is an incredible deep dive into A/B testing for acceptance, by the way). The episodes are unlocked when viewing the series sequentially so it seems to be less about watching episode six to unlock the battle, but more about creating a momentary break in the standard cadence of viewing. When done strategically, these breaks reset a viewers brain to give the impression they’ve watched less than they actually have watched. This unlocking also triggers a brief release of dopamine to feel like they’re accomplishing a task that is highly rewarding to them. What happens when we reward passive behavior like binge watching? Children learn through gamifying their education at an early age. It’s a very simple system that provides a path to a reward. When the path is complete the child feels like they’ve accomplished something. Peak-a-boo results in a happy family member which then reinforces the positive emotional response in the child. Saying their first word results in an emotional response from a parent. Riding their bike for the first time. Reading. Participating in class. Helping others. All form an emotional response in their brain releasing dopamine that locks in that experience. That’s the positive side of gamification. What about the negative? Let’s use a slot machine as an example. Slot machines are created to trigger visual and aural feedback in the gambler. Those feedback elements trigger dopamine and reinforce your engagement in the machine. What many people don’t think about is that the slot machine’s reaction to you winning $0.05 and $5,000 are exactly the same. That’s what pulls you in and makes you feel like you’re winning even if your winnings are less than the cost of that play. Casinos have even removed the need to physically pull down the slot machine lever reducing the friction to gamble. Reducing the friction reduces the effort involved to play and, conveniently, reduces the amount of time it takes to spend money. See how that works? Note: This is also why Amazon is so successful, but we will cover that in another post. Where does Netflix’s patch gamification framework fit into this? Children between the ages of two and eighteen are spending an average of twenty five days a year streaming or 1.8 hours a day ². Business Insider teamed up with CordCutting.com to put that into perspective. They compared that data against data from the National Wildlife Federation, which stated that children spend an average of four to seven minutes playing outdoors per day ³. Keep in mind that this is prior to Netflix’s gamification efforts. If Netflix is now rewarding the behavior of children binge watching content with added episodes, power ups, or other restricted content otherwise not available it incentivises them to watch even more content. Again, this is no different than earning grades, stars, stickers, or other forms of rewards for children. That is integrated into our day to day lives on various levels. However, the difference here is that we place a reward on passive behavior. Behavior that requires little effort on their part and results in little-to-no personal growth, creation, or experience. It’s temporary. The kids are alright, right? Netflix is seeing rapidly growing engagement in their children programming. Andy Yeatman, Netflix’s director of kids and family content shared that the kids and family section usage has climbed 13% in the United States, but an even larger 61% in other markets4. Netflix is a business and their primary goal is to generate revenue. In 2017 alone Netflix generated over 11 billion in revenue5. Due to their lack of ad revenue from broadcasting television commercials, which saves children from 150 hours of commercials a year6, they need to sell memberships. While it’s up to the parents to pay for Netflix, data shows that children are gaining access to mobile devices at an earlier age. Not just to devices, but to their own service plans. In a Nielsen report from 2017 they stated that about 45% of children in the United States between 10 and 12 have their own smartphone with their own service plan as opposed to using wi-fi7. A separate report by Common Sense Media found that 42% of children 8 and younger have their own tablets8. In the same way behavior that may be counter productive, or harmful, for adults (see gambling reference above) is mostly governed by our own limitations (money, time, employment, health, etc), children’s viewing habits should be structured in a way that makes sense for each family. It is not Netflix’s role to make the decision to limit viewing time for children. They simply see growth potential and position themselves to capitalize on that opportunity. 1 “So Netflix achivecements and unlockables now“, NeoGaf. April 23, 2016 2 “How much screen time is too much? Toddlers are spending 25 days a year streaming tv“, Exstreamist. May 17, 2016 3 “Today’s kids spend 14 to 26 times more time watching Netflix than playing outdoors” CordCutting.com. September 7, 2016 4 “Netflix to boost international kids content as viewership spikes” Variety. October 15, 2017 5 “Netflix has record-breaking fourth quarter in 2017, exceeds $11B in revenue” Forbes. January 22, 2018 6 “Report: Netflix saves children from 150 hours of commercials a year” Exstreamist. August 31, 2016 7 “Mobile kids: the parent, the child and the smartphone” Nielsen. February 28, 2017 8 “The Common Sense Census: Media use by kids age zero to eight 2017” Common Sense Media. 2017
In the Small Batch Fellowship, students receive mentorship, professional development, and work placements throughout our food business community. Youth who have participated DFA’s programs are invited to join the Small Batch Fellowship in their junior or senior years. Small Batch is a space for incubating youth’s food business ideas that are ready to go to the next level; it offers a space for youth to learn by running every aspect of their in-house food businesses from kitchen to store shelves; it houses three tiers of training that meet National Restaurant Association requirements for Work-Ready, Supervisor, and Managerial certifications; it is developed according to RAISE standards for best practice in the food industry; it provides thousands of hours of both thriving employment and professional development to youth, as well as one on one coaching to support youth in transitioning from high school into adulthood and succeeding in realizing their goals. These youth will oversee the success of the three in-house businesses, including Mitten Bites, a healthy granola snack featuring local fruits and honey, Slow Jams, a jam company using only Michigan produce, and the Detroit Pop Shop a seasonal, gourmet popsicle company using only Michigan ingredients and highlighting local flavors. Youth in the Work-Ready/Fellowship stage of the training are supported in transitioning out of high school and into adulthood through a 12-month employment and training program that culminates in a work placement out, 5 days each week, at a local food business that is excited to hire going forward. This has resulted in 100% successful placement rates over the last two years. In addition, a small number of Work-Ready Fellows are accepted in the Tier 2 Supervisor training piece of the program. Youth who successfully complete the Supervisory piece can continue into the Manger training, which includes advanced in-house training ad operations and placements out at thriving food businesses to gain a broader range of managerial experience. All youth graduate with a training certification from the National Restaurant Association, a polished resume and personal statement, a range of career experiences, a work placement for ongoing employment, and a robust network of support and mentorship.
Description: This article examines the apparel and shopping preferences of mature women in America. Date: February 16, 2006 Creator: Nam, Jinhee; Hamlin, Raegan; Gam, Hae Jin; Kang, Ji Hye; Kim, Jiyoung; Kumphai, Pimpawan et al. Item Type: Refine your search to only Article Partner: UNT College of Visual Arts + Design
Looking for New Releases? Cover Reveals? The latest Book News? How about Author Giveaways and Promotions? Want to find it all in one place? Travel with me as I journey through A Wonderful World of Words - Adventure, Fantasy, Mystery, Romance and so much more. Gods and Goddess' was this a fabulous read 💕 This is my first time reading this author and definitely will not be my last Legends of Lust is a collection of sensually erotic shorts that truly captivate and entertain the reader - A carnal journey that takes a closer looker at some of the greatest love stories in mythology - a little bit of embellishment and imagination was used during creation - but you never know it could have happened that way 😉 I found myself endeared to the characters almost upon entering their stories - I could not choose a favorite among them This is a perfect "nightstand" collection as each short read is independent and therefore can be read as a standalone After years of barely surviving In a post-apocalyptic world - a chance encounter lands Victoria in the arms of Lucca - a commanding and dominant leader who offers her a chance to make a new life - all she has to do is follows the rules. I have mixed feelings about this read - If you remove the romance this would be a five star read for me - Do not get me wrong it was not the subjugation/humiliation I had trouble with - it was their relationship as a whole - for me there was no romantic connection between the two main characters. I wish the author had spent more time building up the connection between Luca and Victoria - If Luca was going to accept the responsibility for disciplining Victoria it needed to be meted out as a discipline I found Victoria's character for the most part very entertaining and as for the supporting cast I would enjoy reading their stories and I want to know what happens to you know who - Luca just did not do it for me
Glen Lake School The Goffstown School District’s new stand-alone kindergarten / preschool building houses ten large classrooms, an administrative area, and mechanical spaces. The classrooms are designed with the youngest students in mind, from shortened casework to low windows, and plenty of space for games and activities. Each classroom also has an adjacent toilet and storage room. The main office was designed to accommodate a growing school, and can easily be converted into additional classrooms as the district needs more space. The beautiful but challenging site chosen for the school required three driveway stream crossings, and the inclusion of open-bottom box culverts. The intertwining of building with nature has provided the young students with the opportunity to learn about forest, stream, and wetland habitats first hand, and to witness how they change with the seasons.
Computer engineer with a Master in Web technologies. Specialized in mobile application development, with broad experience using Agile methodologies and Certified Scrum Master. Active open source contr external link icon All private interactions must abide by the code of conduct We're a place where coders share, stay up-to-date and grow their careers. We strive for transparency and don't collect excess data.
As a city and community we are fortunate to have the Scottish Events Campus/Hydro. Whilst this has brought many benefits to our area, we recognise there are some issues requiring resolution. With this in mind the Community Council has established five aims which we wish to pursue with the SEC/Hydro. - To assist in reducing the amount of litter present within our community, we would like the SEC/Hydro to support our initiative for the introduction of larger volume free standing bins. In some streets these bins will replace the pole mounted design. - We would like to work with the SEC/Hydro to help identify those events which could lead to an increase in anti social behaviour. In order to investigate the appropriate provision of the city’s Fine Enforcement Team. - For those who have bought tickets, as part of the pre-concert literature, information asking visitors to respect our community, take your litter home, keep noise to a minimum. Additionally, within the venue and at the entrance to the ‘red tunnel’ signage stating repeating this message. - Recognising that not all children within our community will be able to afford access to some of the events and concerts, we request the SEC/Hydro provide a small number of tickets, at certain periods through out the year for the Community Council to distribute. - As a gateway to our community and the SEC/Hydro we would like investigations into the refurbishment of the ‘red tunnel’. On the 28th September 2016, the Community Council, Glasgow City Council and representatives of the SEC/Hydro met to discuss our five aims and how we could develop a constructive relationship. The meeting was very positive and we have agreed to meet every 6 months to discuss on going issues. Keep a look out for further updates. We thank the SEC/Hydro for their positive attitude and willingness to work with the community.
In a statement released this evening, DRB-Hicom announced the appointment of Mohd Aslam Bin Farikullah as Lotus’ new Chief Operating Officer (COO), at the same time as they confirmed the termination of Dany Bahar as Group Lotus CEO. But who is Aslam Bin Farikullah and what does his appointment mean for the future of Lotus? Well, firstly he’s not a man we should expect to see (or hear) much from. Unlike Bahar, whose name is currently mentioned in 466,000 search listings on Google, Bin Farikullah appears in just 81 entries. In fact there’s very little known about a man who’s worked at DRB-Hicom since 2007 and is one of the Malaysian company’s most senior executives. Bin Farikullah is 51 years of age and has worked most of his 26 years in the automotive industry. He graduated from the University of Bath, England with a Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Engineering and is also an Associate Member of the UK Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE). He started his career as an Assistant Lecturer at Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM) and then moved on to become a Quality Engineer at Malaysia’s top aviation maintenance and repair (MRO) centre, Airod Sdn. Bhd. In 1989, Bin Farikullah returned to England to work as a Project Engineer with AE Auto Parts, before moving to Denso Marston – Europe’s leading manufacturer of automotive components, as a Product Technical Manager. He returned to Malaysia in 2007 joining DRB-Hicom, where he was seconded to Isuzu HICOM Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as Malaysian Truck & Bus Sdn. Bhd.) as Chief Operating Officer. In 2008 he became Head of Enterprise Quality & Improvements at DRB-Hicom and then Head of Vehicle Manufacturing Projects from April 2010. According to the latest information provided by DRB-Hicom, Bin Farikullah is now a permanent British resident, living with his English wife of 27 years and their three children aged 26, 22 and 16. From the information we’ve been able to gather, Bin Farikullah seems like a safe pair of hands. An engineer, family man and an executive who is more than competent in the manufacture and assembly of automotive vehicles and components. However, there is nothing in his past experience that would qualify him to lead a sports car company, nor create the kind of marketing and commercial deals necessary to build a strong international dealer network. With Bin Farikullah being appointed to the role of COO, his role is clearly intended to oversee the operation of Group Lotus’ businesses (including its successful engineering and consulting firm) and either wait for a CEO to join, or be the caretaker until Lotus is eventually sold to another party. Dato’ Sri Haji Mohd Khamil Jamil, Group Managing Director of DRB-HICOM Berhad and Chairman of Lotus said this evening that “…we remain committed to ensure the ongoing and future business operations of the Lotus Group as we take the Lotus Group to the next level to remain relevant in the global automotive industry”, so if that is indeed the case, then we await to hear who will take the top spot and lead the renaissance of Norfolk’s most famous brand. DRB-Hicom has confirmed this evening that no further comment will be passed on their dismissal of Dany Bahar, however we expect a statement outlining Bin Farikullah’s immediate plans to re-build confidence with the company’s customers, suppliers and dealers. We wish him well.
Most of us strive towards success when it comes to working. No matter what job you do, it requires effort and a high level of productivity. However, it’s not always easy to stay on top of your game. Balancing between meetings, deadlines, and (potentially) nervous clients can leave you drained at the end of the day. No matter how good you are at multitasking, keeping up with daily obligations at work doesn’t always come easy. We’re all familiar with quick fixes that boost our energy like a cup of hot Columbian, but their effects tend to subside quite fast. In most cases, they leave us even more exhausted than we used to be. If you want to keep your energy levels high throughout the day, you need long-term solutions. The bad news is that there isn’t any magic potion that can do the job. The good news is that there are other, simple yet effective ways that will make you more alert and focused at work. Here are some ideas about how to boost your energy levels without burning out. 1. The power of sleep A good night’s sleep is crucial for your overall health. The same as a diet and physical activity, it regulates many processes in our body and keeps our hormones balanced. However, the amount of sleep an average adult gets has decreased over the past decade. Whether you suffer from insomnia or you’re just overworked, sleep deprivation can cause many health problems. So if you want to increase your productivity in the office, make it a habit to sleep at least seven hours during the night. If you have the chance, you can also take so-called power naps which usually take between 5 and 25 minutes to reset your brain. Sleep improves various brain functions like cognition, concentration, and memory performance. Getting your beauty sleep will turn your energy beast mode on. 2. Keep your body moving If you exercise regularly, you know how good you feel after a workout. You get your circulation going, your brain gets a fresh dose of oxygen, and your energy levels go through the roof. Naturally, your mood changes (for better) and you’re ready to tackle every task that comes before you. For this reason, think about incorporating some simple office exercises into your work routine. Go for a brief walk around the office or a floor. Take full five minutes and just walk, focusing on your breathing technique. If you don’t have enough space to do the walk in your office, do some squats at your desk. Simple stretching for a couple of minutes will also do the trick. By keeping your body moving, you’ll stimulate your mind and stay focused for longer periods of time. 3. Eat your way to better productivity You have probably heard the phrase “You are what you eat.” As clichéd as it may sounds, foods you eat can make or break your day. Aside from the numerous benefits healthy diet has on our physical health, it also has a great impact on our mental health. One of the greatest ways to take care of yourself is to bring home-cooked meals to work. However, there will be days when you won’t manage to do that. Don’t worry. Luckily, fast food isn’t the only option. In case you crave a home-cooked meal that will boost your energy levels, you can always have performance meals delivered to your office. They are both nutritious and delicious. Foods with high nutritive value will enhance your brain performance and provide you with enough energy to go through your workday without burning out. 4. A berry a day keeps fatigue away Sweets, just like coffee, may give you a quick energy boost, but they will take it back from you with a blink of an eye. If you want to stay efficient in the long run, you should choose your snacks strategically. Berries, and especially blueberries are a fantastic choice for a mid-day snack. They are full of antioxidants which neutralize free radicals and help get rid of the toxins in our body. They also help the body to naturally defend against stress. Better mental health boosted energy and memory, as well as the better focus, are just some of the benefits blueberries have on our brainpower. If you don’t like blueberries, you can replace them with a cup of green tea which is another great source of antioxidants. 5. Stay hydrated We all know how important it is to stay hydrated throughout the day. Since the average adult body consists of 60 to 70% of water, it is clear that even a small deficiency of water can do great damage to our health. Studies have shown that dehydration directly affects the cognitive function of your brain. Our days at work can sometimes get so hectic and crazy-making that they stop us from realizing how dehydrated we actually are. In order to avoid headaches and mood swings, make sure you take between 2.2 and 2.5 liters of water per day. This will increase your memory function and concentration and ensure you stay awake and full of energy throughout the day. Another great tip is to add a few slices of your citrus fruit to your h2o. Vitamin C will spark your focus and leave you feeling refreshed and energized. 6. Prioritize your “to-do” list As you may know, your energy levels tend to decrease during the day. Morning is the time when our energy and focus are at their peaks. That’s why you should prioritize your tasks in accordance with this fact. While sipping your morning coffee, take some time to make your daily “to-do” list. The most challenging and time-consuming tasks should be done first since you’re most focused at the beginning of your workday. After you’ve successfully tackled the most difficult tasks on your agenda, you can now deal with those less challenging. Finish with those routine tasks that require least effort. By doing this, you’ll spend your energy effectively and avoid stressing out over an important project at the end of the workday. 7. Organize your desk If your office desk is a mess, there’s a great chance your thoughts will be too. One of the key tips to staying focused and organized both in and out of the office is a neat working space. No matter how big your desk is, there are many easy ways to deal with its messiness. First of all, get rid of all the necessary junk like scrunched pieces of paper, broken pens, and other useless things. Get some file organizers and sort the documents lying around your desk. Sharpen your pencils, empty your bin, and get a stack of some colorful post-its. This may seem like an unnecessary step, but trust me, it’s definitely a game-changer. Keeping your desk neat will help you stay focused and more productive. Staying focused and productive doesn’t have to be difficult. Fortunately, there are ways that can make the process easy and fun. By following these tips you will incorporate some healthy habits into your daily routine which can benefit you in many ways. Taking care of yourself means that you will have more energy to handle everything that’s on your plate that day, but more importantly – you’ll do it with a smile on your face.
The 2018 film “Down A Dark Hall“ starring Uma Thurman and AnnaSophia Robb is coming to Blu-ray Disc on October 16th via Lionsgate. The film, directed by Rodrigo Cortés, co-stars Isabelle Fuhrman, Victoria Moroles, Noah Silver, Taylor Russell, and Rosie Day. Tech specs for the film include full 1080p HD video in the 2.39:1 aspect ratio with DTS-HD 5.1 Master Audio sound. The release will come with a Digital Copy of the film included. The title is now available for PRE-ORDER over at Amazon. Bonus materials set to be included on the release are listed below. - “Welcome to Blackwood: Venturing Down a Dark Hall” Featurette - Deleted Scene The full official announcement about this release can be found further below, after the break.
The New Cover will be grace by powerhouse voice Sofia Evangelia! Get your physical copy today! Johnny is a professional recording artist and producer that was born in Kissimmee Florida. He's started music as a hobby and just grew to love the art of creation. And yes, he has done a great job creating. Johnny song "Ice cold Flow" can be found off his album smash the stereo to pieces. The melodic flow is over the top. Honestly, he is an MC/Rapper that flows over an R&B beat that is rare and needed with all the trap and hip-hop that people don't even understand these days. His flow will alone one fall back in their car and just rock to the beat. Johnny's flow would let you believe he's from the Bronx, NY. In the chorus, it says "don't give up and don't give in, yes you're a loved". You just want to rock and the song is very catchy. Johnny's voice reminded of when the eyes catch the movie "Brown Sugar" and the understanding of true music where "Mos Def" lyrics was with meaning and not a gimmick. Though he's from Orlando Florida Johnny will get extremely far with his sweet beat and "ice cold flow" he's very proud of the 407. He's has accomplished having close to half a million listeners on the music platform Pandora. You can listen to Johnny's music by going to https://www.pandora.com/station/play/3882417477222603762. Listening to Johnny you will hear in his music that he truly has a love for Hip-hop. Listen to the song below or visit his social and music platforms. Twitter: (@bugs_johnny): https://twitter.com/bugs_johnny?s=09 David Vater's energy as an artist/lyricist is something he couldn't keep down any more. With long periods of sharpening and culminating his songwriting aptitudes, working with incredible players on two landmasses, David chose to discharge Volume 1 and Volume 2 of his latest songwriting as an autonomous solo craftsman. Born In Canadian David has worked with some notable performers and makers in Canada, the UK, and USA including Henri Spinetti (Eric Clapton, Tina Turner), Dave Markee (Eric Clapton) Skip Procop (Lighthouse) and Norman Barrett (Paul Young. Larry Norman, Cliff Richard) and Dan Cutrona. (Joe Cocker, Bee Gees) just as Canadian artists Gene LaTour, Seppo Salmenin, Greg Atkinson and Kai Siltamaki. "This first solo exertion on Volume One highlights a program of surely understood players Tom Hemby (Vince Gill, Michael McDonald), Kenny Loggins) on guitars and mandolin, John Hammond (Amy Grant, Vince Gill) and Brian Fullen (Peter Frampton) on drums and percussion and Jeff Cox (Trisha Yearwood) on Bass, David Vest (Bob Carlisle) on consoles, Johnathan Brown on Keyboards, Charles Owens on Harmonica, Michael Whittaker on Accordion, Susie Vaters and K.J. Raney on foundation vocals, David Vaters on Acoustic Guitar and Vocals with Dave Vest and David Vaters co-delivering the collection. Much obliged to you Kai for your info and prompt! Volume Two was recorded with the folks expressed above and furthermore, Scott Farris served to co-produce 4 tunes, Prepare, Resurrection Day, Service of the King and Prepare at Amusement Park Studios in Lubbock, Texas. Tom Green on Bass and Sean Frankhouser on Bass and Stand up Bass, Phil and Scott Farris on Guitars, Jason Robinett on Drums and Background vocals. Tom Hemby delivered and played on Godly Man of which continues to FCM and its Honor Your Father crusade. A Voice in the Wilderness Volume 1 is an accumulation of convincing supplications, petitions and sonnets all with a crude feeling of direness and sympathy that is an immediate impression of both the marvel and elegance of God towards humankind. Volume 1 collection download is accessible NOW here, iTunes, Amazon and every single advanced stage worldwide and Volume 2 CD was released October 2, 2017, by the V Group Indie Music Label. Presidents Day celebrates iconic presidents, but there was a time when even Washington and Lincoln endured as much partisan rancor as Obama. I hope after 2020+ we can enjoy the presidents to that level of great changes in our the government and society. When was the last time you peeled your ears back for a female alternative group? In fact, not only are there very few female alternative rock groups, but there is a cookie cutter standard for women in the industry. Individuality and creativity have taken a back seat to money and industry-defined standards and images. Do you need marketing & promotions for your Music or Book? Let Longe assist you with getting you to the next level. Packages range from $125 & up; in order to get a great feeling for the marketing and promotions that will assist your project and get it to notice you can click on the image or below and place your order. Get Download from Itunes! Package Includes the Following: Press Release Distribution Increase Itunes downloads Video Marketing Services Radio Submission + DJ Submission Targeted Plays on S p o t i f y with ROI (Return on Investment) Targeted Plays on Google Play with ROI (Return on investment) Article Submission Service Banner Ad Creation Directory Submission Service Guest Post Submission Classified Ads Submission Link Outreach Service Yahoo Answers Service Blog Submission Service Search Engine Submission Hubpages Hub Creation Professional Ads Created Radio Commercial Created & Aired ** (only for 30 & 60 days orders) Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram Marketing SEO and Local Marketing Interview Posted and Marketed on iTunes Exposure ** (only for 30 & 60 days orders) Billboard charts tabulate the relative weekly popularity of songs or albums in the US and elsewhere. The results are published online Billboard magazine and provides weekly charts.The charts are dedicated to all genres. The charts can be ranked according to sales, streams or airplay, and for main song charts such as the Hot 100 song chart. Billboard chart, streams, and track sales are included in addition to album sales CMJ is the primary source for exclusive charts of non-commercial and college radio airplay. The CMJ College Radio Network is a community of hundreds of both on-air and online college and non-commercial radio stations throughout North America and beyond. CMJ connects music fans and music industry professionals with the best in new music through interactive media. They offer a digital music discovery service, information resources and community to new music fans, professionals, and artists. This service includes: This service only Promote 1 Song in order to maximize results Pic, Bio, Song (Required) Nielsen Soundscan BDS Virtual Encode (Registration if not completed) UPC code, Allmusic registration (Registration if not completed) Submittal to 4 CMJ/Billboard Charted Station Add Bio and music links to Magazine Website Tips on Business, Fashion, Entertainment, Trending Tops, Music, Health, Politics and Beyond. Information on Clothing & Accessories ; Beauty & Grooming ; Digital Music ; Shoes, Handbags, Wallets, Sunglasses; Music; Promotions; Book; Business Advertising; Going Viral; Digital; Lifestyle; Health; Politics; and beyond.
As employers grapple with rising healthcare costs, one area often overlooked as contributing to employee health and well-being is the workplace, itself. Aside from lunchtime yoga and salads on the cafeteria menu, the approach to well-being at work often fails to look at the bigger picture and address the underlying issues that contribute to poor health: a sedentary lifestyle and work-related stress. — Dr. Michael O’Neill, who leads Haworth's Workplace Research and Strategy So how can a building make people healthier? Nudge Better Behaviors With training in psychology and architecture, Haworth’s Dr. Michael O’Neill has spent decades researching the connection between buildings and worker health and performance. O’Neill advocates for a combination of “nudges” and “microcontrols” that help employees make better decisions. “A nudge is never about taking choice away from somebody. It’s about making the best choice—the obvious and easy choice,” O’Neill says. One way to nudge people to make a healthier choice is by encouraging them to ditch the elevator in favor of climbing stairs. A Harvard study found that taking eight flights of stairs a day lowers average early mortality risk by 33 percent. “The key is making the staircase a central element in the building, so people are drawn to take the steps,” O’Neill says. Reduce Stress Levels Beyond movement and healthier choices, the interior design of a building can play a role in reducing stress, the single biggest enemy of well-being. A person’s body reacts automatically to stressful events, like deadlines and production pressures, by releasing hormones into the bloodstream. The most dangerous is cortisol, part of the body’s natural fight-or-flight mechanism. Elevated cortisol levels are tied to a host of health issues, from heart disease to lower cognitive abilities. “What’s sort of ironic is that you go into work and you have these pretty sedentary jobs. We dress nice, we drink coffee, we chat and have meetings all day. It seems really harmless. It's not like 100 years ago when most jobs were in farming or industrial settings like factories or coal mines, but it’s equally dangerous. And the thing that makes it so dangerous is that work stress is so invisible,” O’Neill says. Providing opportunities to connect to nature in the workplace can help. Studies have shown that taking at least 20 minutes out of your day to stroll or sit in a place that makes you feel connected with nature will significantly lower stress hormone levels. Give Employees Control Research has shown that an additional way to reduce workplace stress is to give people control over their physical workspace. At the individual level, it can involve letting people choose a space for the task at hand, so they can do their best individual work. It can be as simple as providing furnishings that can be moved up, down, and around to adjust to someone’s body or workstyle. Giving workers power over small adjustments in their individual work environment ultimately allows them more control over their work process. At the organizational level, create policies and a culture that give employees permission to choose a workspace that best meets their needs. “If that policy and sense of permission to give control isn’t there, you're going to spend a lot of money on space that you're not getting the value out of. So [employee] control is really a huge idea,” O’Neill says.
Robust and precise With all vital parts manufactured in stainless steel, the SANOVO FlexLoader has been designed for tough environments. The high yield and very reliable production performance is ensured by servo-drive technology controlling the loader head and advanced real-time adjustment of stack height for the incoming trays. High Flexibility in wet and dry environment The hygienic design and choice of high quality parts makes the SANOVO FlexLoader ideal for both wet and dry environments. With a large variety of standard configurations and options, the loader is easily adaptable into your existing production line. The entire loader is easily controlled from the user-friendly touch screen. Low cost of operation The SANOVO FlexLoader has been designed for high performance and low cost of maintenance. Manufactured almost entirely in stainless steel the wear and tear is minimal. Additionally the loader is equipped with a reverse air flow system, using the vacuum pump for blowback. Thus expensive utilization of compressed air is avoided. Empty tray stacking and stuck egg detector In order to secure optimal output and minimal manual handling, empty trays are automatically stacked, and stuck eggs are immediately discharged to the stuck egg conveyor. Manual cleaning is easy and effective due to the hygienic design. Further, it is possible to rinse the vacuum channels for the loader heads with fresh water automatically.
You are leaving the Dutch Point Credit gifts for male employees for christmas Union Website. Heres how to sign up for Sprint cash rewards: Become a Sprint customer. The Savings Keep Growing for Scott Credit Union Members with Love My Credit Union Rewards. HD contact varies by device and connection.Streams video at up to HD 1080p, music at up.5mbps, gaming at up to 8mbps.Heres how it works: Members get a 100 cash reward for every new line when you switch to Sprint.Make the switch today and save with the Sprint Credit Union Member Cash Rewards!With AutoPay discount applied w/in 2 inv.Data deprioritization during congestion.This new exclusive cash rewards offer is our best one ever!1Details and restrictions on discounts from the following companies can be found at LoveMyCreditUnion.Sprint, get a 100 Cash Reward for Every New Line You Switch to Sprint. Plus, get a 50 loyalty cash reward every year for every line. Here are a few of the great rewards available to you as birthday bear gift basket a member of FSU Credit Union and the Love My Credit Union Rewards program.We are not responsible for any content or information posted to this external web site.See credit union for details.Our partnership with Love My Credit Union Rewards helps you maximize your financial well-being and save money on products and services you use every day.Basically, Love My Credit Union Rewards is a win-win for everyone.To learn more about Love My Credit Union Rewards and any of the above discounts, speak to a member representative or visit: LoveMyCreditUnion.Other monthly charges apply.* 1 Hulu Limited Commercials plan per eligible Sprint account.Reqs new line of service and lease.*When you switch to Sprint. Other monthly charges apply. MHS, P2P and VPN reduced to 2G speeds after 10GB/.
At 21 years old, Byron is the second-youngest pole-sitter in Daytona 500 history, per NASCAR's official site. Chase Elliott was 20 when he claimed the pole for the 2016 edition of The Great American Race. "The Axalta Chevy was really fast," Byron said of the No. 24 car. "Credit to [crew chief Chad Knaus] and all the guys. It's been a great offseason. We're prepared. We're ready. This is kind of the first step of our process together, so hopefully it goes well next Sunday. We can kind of chill out throughout the Duel races and learn a little bit. Byron's achievement also continues a run of dominance for Hendrick Motorsports. The team has had the last five Daytona 500 pole winners (Jeff Gordon in 2015, Chase Elliott in 2016 and 2017, and Alex Bowman in 2018). The front row for the Daytona 500 is now set. Byron will start in the top spot, with teammate Alex Bowman running alongside him in the front row. The Gander RV Duels will determine the remaining running order. The first Duel is Thursday at 7 p.m. ET, with the second starting at 9 p.m. ET. The green flag for the Daytona 500 drops at 2:30 p.m. ET on Feb. 17. History isn't on Byron's side. Dale Jarrett in 2000 is the last drive to win the Daytona 500 from the pole.
These professionals were recognized for their superior influence, industry expertise, and accomplishments achieved throughout their careers. NEW YORK, N.Y., March 11, 2019 (Newswire.com) - Since its founding in 2015, Noticed© has held fast to its mission of helping top-rated professionals cultivate a positive online reputation and a coherent digital brand. Today, the reputation and brand management company works with thousands of industry leaders in medicine, law, wealth management, real estate, and mortgages to amplify their accomplishments, influence, and leadership. Among other offerings, Noticed helps members through brand-enhancing services such as crafting custom-tailored biographies and content, targeted press releases, website design and development, and social media management. The company also hosts events and summits throughout the year that offer its members unique opportunities for cross-industry networking and to learn about topics such as online branding and reputation. Now entering its fifth year of operation, Noticed is looking back on the achievements and milestones of members who recently hit their first anniversary with the company. Members are hand-picked as Distinguished Professionals™ based on peer reviews and ratings, dozens of recognitions, and their unique expertise in their respective fields and specialties. These are the latest professionals celebrating their first year of membership with Noticed: Lenka Hladikova, a celebrated Realtor, based in Stamford, Conn. In her work with Halstead Real Estate, Hladikova has been featured in Top Agent Magazine among other honors. Craig T. Downs, an acclaimed personal injury attorney with a concentration in the areas of mass tort, class action lawsuits, and others. With over 30 years of experience, Downs has earned numerous awards and honors including an AV® Preeminent™ rating from Martindale-Hubbell®. CoCo Shelburne, a distinguished Realtor, based in Valencia, California. With over ten years of experience, Shelburne currently works with Keller Williams, where she serves buyers and sellers of residential and commercial properties throughout Los Angeles County, Las Vegas, and Europe. Kristin M. Bergstrom, an attorney with over 30 years of experience in employment and corporate law. Based in Milwaukee, Wis., Bergstrom currently practices with the law firm Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c., where she is a shareholder in the firm’s employee benefits practice. David W. Lauritzen, a distinguished trial lawyer, known for his legal prowess and industry-leading representation. Based in Midland, Texas, Lauritzen is a shareholder in the litigation section of Cotton Bledsoe Tighe & Dawson, PC, where he primarily represents independent oil companies in contract, employment, and personal injury law. A. Lewis Ward, a leading Houston attorney with 40 years of experience. As the founder and owner the personal injury and business law firm, A. Lewis Ward & Associates, Ward is renowned for his honesty, determination, and aggressive litigation skills. In 2015, the verdict in one of his cases was ranked as the ninth top verdict in the area of contracts litigation by Texas Lawyer. Kelly Rogers, a renowned Realtor who has helped countless clients in Park City, Utah, over the course of her ten-plus-year career. Currently working with Engel & Völkers®, Rogers prides herself on her expert market knowledge and industry-leading customer service. Dr. Kent G. Miller, a leading gynecologist, based in Gainesville, Ga. Dr. Miller’s practice, Kent Miller Gynecology, is one of only seven research and clinical education centers in the U.S. that runs up to ten FDA drug study trials at any given time. To read about these and other Distinguished Professionals, or to find out more about Noticed, visit the company's website here: noticed.co
1080p refers to a progressive HDTV signal with 1080 horizontal lines and an Aspect Ratio of 16:9 (1.78:1). All major HDTV broadcasting standards include a 1080i format which has a resolution of 1920x1080, but the progressive HDTV broadcast standards in place right now only allow a resolution of 1280x720 (720p). Currently the only applications using 1080p signals are Blu-ray and HD DVD. Creating a progressive 1920x1080 signal is problematic because of how MPEG-2 and AVC profiles are structured. Rather than having separate framerate limits for different progressive resolutions they assume a resolution of 1280x720 for progressive video. In practice this has turned out to be less of an issue than it might seem. By limiting 1080p video to the same framerate as 1080i (30fps), the same hardware used to decode 1080i video at 30fps and 720p at 60fps is generally capable of 1080p at 30fps. Although all 1080p displays can produce a progressive image from 1080i video or an upscaled 720p image, some older models can't actually accept a 1080p input signal. Since its technically outside standard HDTV specifications, neither can 720p or 1080i displays. Newer 1080p HDTVs are designed to accept these full resolution progressive signals, and in fact are generally capable of displaying 1080p video at framerates of 60fps or higher. However, practical bitrate and hardware limitations make this a purely theoretical possibility at this time. Since almost all HDTVs are progressive in nature, even when they're designed for interlaced display, 1080p is a natural evolution of display technology. As HDTVs have gained in popularity, so has proper (progressive) treatment of progressive sources, primarily from film. Since HDTV hardware isn't tied to a particular framerate there's no reason that both film and progressive video of all types can't be encoded to remain faithful to the source video. As noted previously, 1080p video falls outside the standard encoding profiles for both MPEG-2 and MPEG-4 AVC high definition encoding. This means hardware designed to closely match those profiles may not be programmed to handle 1080p correctly. In addition, since 720p and 1080i HDTVs aren't able to decode 1080p signals it's always necessary to provide an alternate signal, either 1080i or 720p, for the majority of HD displays. Getting Started With HDTV Afterdawn HDTV Buyer's Guide Introduction To Next-Generation Multimedia - HDTV Technology Introduction To Next-Generation Multimedia - High Definition Video and Audio Digital Video Fundamentals - Resolution and Aspect Ratio Digital Video Fundamentals - Frames & Framerates Televisions with full 1080p resolution HD DVD players that can output 1080p Blu-ray players that can output 1080p Related glossary terms Related software tools HDTV2DVD is a new freeware tool to simply convert your HDTV material to DVD. HDTVtoMPEG2 is a simple tool which converts HDTV Transport Stream files into standard MPEG2 video files. ProgDVB + ProgTV (Freeware) ProgDVB is a software which allows you to watch satellite television and listen to radio channels directly from satellite by using DVB-PCI cards.
- This event has passed. 19 May Awakening Perth ” Healings & Deliverance” with David Hogan May 19 @ 9:00 am - 12:00 pm$20 by Perth Outpouring & Revival Glory Global Papa David Hogan is from Texas, USA and is a missionary to Mexico for over 40 years. He preaches the gospel of Jesus Christ with power, miracles, signs & wonders including raising the dead. His ministry has raised about 500 people from the dead. Saturday, 18 May 2019: ” Raising the Dead “ Time: 9.30 am – 3 pm, 7 pm – 10 pm Venue: Metro Christian Community 7 Slade St, Bayswater. WA 6053 Worship lead by Ned Davis. Full conference Registration: $50 Sunday, 19 May 2019: ” Healings & Deliverance “ Time: 9 am – 12 noon. Venue: Oasis of Hope, U16, 108 Welshpool Rd, Welshpool,WA Worship led by Ned Davis. Registration: $20 PLEASE NOTE THE 2 EVENTS ARE HELD AT SEPARATE VENUES. Hosted by Revival Glory Global, Perth Outpouring & Local House of Prayer Perth. Contact: Patricia Goh 0411482097. firstname.lastname@example.org What are my transport/parking options for getting to and from the event? Saturday 18 May : Parking at the church parking & at Bayswater train station which is 6 minutes walking distance from the church premises. Please park quietly and do not linger, or carry on conversations in the church car park in the evenings as this is a residential zone. Sunday 19 May : Parking around the Welshpool Business Park parking bays are free. How can I contact the organiser with any questions? Contact: Patricia Goh, 0411482097, Revivalgloryglobal@gmail.com What’s the refund policy? There is no refund but tickets are transferable. Refreshments & meals: Only Coffee & Tea will be available. There are eating places around Bayswater within reasonable driving distances. There are no childminding facilities available.
Click Images below for a more detailed view. Case ID: 46271 Published articles on this patient’s journey Amelogenesis Imperfecta is a development disorder of the teeth that can present in many ways. Fourteen forms of AI have been identified. The teeth… read more Click here for more views & case details »
TAYLOR — By the end of the year, Lackawanna County should have at least 250 new apartment units across two sprawling complexes. That might sound encouraging to any number of companies now pining for employees amid a tight labor market, but not so fast. These apartments, replete with appliances, shared fitness centers, places to eat and group activities, are exclusively for people at or beyond the end of their careers. The Buffalo, New York-based Clover Group Inc. is building Oak Hill Senior Apartments along Oak Street in Taylor for residents 55 and older. There’s 113 one- and two-bedroom apartments to be finished in the late fall. In Moosic, Glenmaura Senior Living, 130 apartments under construction by local developer Richard Angelicola, is slated to be finished in the coming months. Northeast Pennsylvania is decidedly older than the rest of the country, and it will probably be that way for the next few decades. According to census data, 26 percent of the population in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre/Hazleton metro is over 60. Nationally, that age group makes up about 21 percent. While a large part of the local senior pool leans heavily on social support programs, these new apartments are geared toward tenants who have financial stability. Oak Hill’s rates start at $1,110 for a one-bedroom, one-bathroom unit and go up from there, according to its website. Glenmaura hasn’t released its rates, but if it’s anything like a similar apartment complex that Angelicola owns, Highland Park Senior Living in Wilkes-Barre Twp., rents will start at well over $2,000 per month. While these new residents may have left their prime working years behind them, one economist points out that the 55 and older crowd are the “wealthiest group in society” because they’ve had more time to accumulate assets and wealth. “Getting the wealthy ones — no one’s going to argue with that one,” said David Macpherson, Ph.D., chair of economics at Trinity University in San Antonio, Texas, and an expert on aging and public policy. He points to pockets in Florida as the most obvious examples of how older people can benefit a region. “One of the things that made Florida different is it tended to have early retirees who were wealthier,” he said. “They pay property taxes, but they don’t have kids in school, so that clearly benefits those kinds of communities.” Still, the larger share of Northeast Pennsylvania’s seniors are not wealthy, said Teri Ooms, director at the Institute, a think tank funded by area colleges and universities. Many of them live on Social Security. They don’t have pensions or retirement accounts to lean on, and they look to social programs for health care, transportation and nutrition. But the kinds of seniors Oak Hill and Glenmaura Senior Living are targeting don’t need subsidized housing. Perhaps they live out of the area now, but they’re looking to return to be closer to family. They’re healthier and more active. They’re looking for extra amenities, and they’re willing to pay for them. “They’re likely to use less of the services,” she said. “They’re also going to be contributors to the economy, which is also very positive.” Contact the writer:
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, (born June 28, 1712, Geneva, Switzerland—died July 2, 1778, Ermenonville, France), Swiss-born philosopher, writer, and political theorist whose treatises and novels inspired the leaders of the French Revolution and the Romantic generation. Rousseau was the least academic of modern philosophers and in many ways was the most influential. His thought marked the end of the Age of Reason. He propelled political and ethical thinking into new channels. His reforms revolutionized taste, first in music, then in the other arts. He had a profound impact on people’s way of life; he taught parents to take a new interest in their children and to educate them differently; he furthered the expression of emotion rather than polite restraint in friendship and love. He introduced the cult of religious sentiment among people who had discarded religious dogma. He opened people’s eyes to the beauties of nature, and he made liberty an object of almost universal aspiration. Rousseau’s mother died in childbirth, and he was brought up by his father, who taught him to believe that the city of his birth was a republic as splendid as Sparta or ancient Rome. Rousseau senior had an equally glorious image of his own importance; after marrying above his modest station as a watchmaker, he got into trouble with the civil authorities by brandishing the sword that his upper-class pretentions prompted him to wear, and he had to leave Geneva to avoid imprisonment. Rousseau, the son, then lived for six years as a poor relation in his mother’s family, patronized and humiliated, until he, too, at the age of 16, fled from Geneva to live the life of an adventurer and a Roman Catholic convert in the kingdoms of Sardinia and France. Rousseau was fortunate in finding in the province of Savoy a benefactor, the baroness de Warens, who provided him with a refuge in her home and employed him as her steward. She also furthered his education to such a degree that the boy who had arrived on her doorstep as a stammering apprentice who had never been to school developed into a philosopher, a man of letters, and a musician. Mme de Warens, who thus transformed the adventurer into a philosopher, was herself an adventuress—a Swiss convert to Catholicism who had stripped her husband of his money before fleeing to Savoy with the gardener’s son to set herself up as a Catholic missionary specializing in the conversion of young male Protestants. Her morals distressed Rousseau, even when he became her lover. But she was a woman of taste, intelligence, and energy, who brought out in Rousseau just the talents that were needed to conquer Paris at a time when Voltaire had made radical ideas fashionable. Rousseau reached Paris when he was 30 and was lucky enough to meet another young man from the provinces seeking literary fame in the capital, Denis Diderot. The two soon became immensely successful as the centre of a group of intellectuals—or philosophes—who gathered round the great French Encyclopédie, of which Diderot was appointed editor. The Encyclopédie was an important organ of radical and anticlerical opinion, and its contributors were as much reforming and even iconoclastic pamphleteers as they were philosophers. Rousseau, the most original of them all in his thinking and the most forceful and eloquent in his style of writing, was soon also the most conspicuous. He wrote music as well as prose, and one of his operas, Le Devin du village (1752; “The Village Soothsayer”), attracted so much admiration from the king (Louis XV) and the court that he might have enjoyed an easy life as a fashionable composer, but something in his Calvinist blood rejected that type of worldly glory. Indeed, at the age of 37 Rousseau had what he called an “illumination” while walking to Vincennes to visit Diderot, who had been imprisoned there because of his irreligious writings. In the Confessions (1782–89), which he wrote late in life, Rousseau says that it came to him then in a “terrible flash” that modern progress had corrupted people instead of improving them. He went on to write his first important work, a prize essay for the Academy of Dijon entitled Discours sur les sciences et les arts (1750; A Discourse on the Sciences and the Arts), in which he argues that the history of human life on earth has been a history of decay. That work is by no means Rousseau’s best piece of writing, but its central theme was to inform almost everything else he wrote. Throughout his life he kept returning to the thought that people are good by nature but have been corrupted by society and civilization. He did not mean to suggest that society and civilization are inherently bad but rather that both had taken a wrong direction and become more harmful as they became more sophisticated. That idea in itself was not unfamiliar in Rousseau’s time. Many Roman Catholic writers, for example, deplored the direction that European culture had taken since the Middle Ages. They shared the hostility toward progress that Rousseau had expressed. What they did not share was his belief that people are naturally good. It was, however, just that belief that Rousseau made the cornerstone of his argument. Rousseau may well have received the inspiration for that belief from Mme de Warens; for although she had become a communicant of the Roman Catholic Church, she retained—and transmitted to Rousseau—much of the sentimental optimism about human purity that she had herself absorbed as a child from the mystical Protestant Pietists who were her teachers in the canton of Bern. At all events, the idea of human goodness, as Rousseau developed it, set him apart from both conservatives and radicals. Even so, for several years after the publication of his first Discourse, he remained a close collaborator in Diderot’s essentially progressive enterprise, the Encyclopédie, and an active contributor to its pages. His speciality there was music, and it was in this sphere that he first established his influence as a reformer. Controversy With Rameau The arrival of an Italian opera company in Paris in 1752 to perform works of opera buffa (comic opera) by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi, Alessandro Scarlatti, Leonardo Vinci, and other such composers suddenly divided the French music-loving public into two excited camps, supporters of the new Italian opera and supporters of the traditional French opera. The philosophes of the Encyclopédie—Jean Le Rond d’Alembert, Diderot, and Paul-Henri Dietrich, baron d’Holbach among them—entered the fray as champions of Italian music, but Rousseau, who had arranged for the publication of Pergolesi’s music in Paris and who knew more about the subject than most Frenchmen after the months he had spent visiting the opera houses of Venice during his time as secretary to the French ambassador to the doge in 1743–44, emerged as the most-forceful and effective combatant. He was the only one to direct his fire squarely at the leading living exponent of French operatic music, Jean-Philippe Rameau. Rousseau and Rameau must at that time have seemed unevenly matched in a controversy about music. Rameau, already in his 70th year, was not only a prolific and successful composer but was also, as the author of the celebrated Traité de l’harmonie (1722; Treatise on Harmony) and other technical works, Europe’s leading musicologist. Rousseau, by contrast, was 30 years younger, a newcomer to music, with no professional training and only one successful opera to his credit. His scheme for a new notation for music had been rejected by the Academy of Sciences, and most of his musical entries for Diderot’s Encyclopédie were as yet unpublished. Yet the dispute was not only musical but also philosophical, and Rameau was confronted with a more-formidable adversary than he had realized. Rousseau built his case for the superiority of Italian music over French on the principle that melody must have priority over harmony, whereas Rameau based his on the assertion that harmony must have priority over melody. By pleading for melody, Rousseau introduced what later came to be recognized as a characteristic idea of Romanticism, namely, that in art the free expression of the creative spirit is more important than strict adherence to formal rules and traditional procedures. By pleading for harmony, Rameau reaffirmed the first principle of French Classicism, namely, that conformity to rationally intelligible rules is a necessary condition of art, the aim of which is to impose order on the chaos of human experience. In music, Rousseau was a liberator. He argued for freedom in music, and he pointed to the Italian composers as models to be followed. In doing so he had more success than Rameau; he changed people’s attitudes. Christoph Willibald Gluck, who succeeded Rameau as the most-important operatic composer in France, acknowledged his debt to Rousseau’s teaching, and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart based the text for his one-act operetta Bastien und Bastienne (Bastien and Bastienne) on Rousseau’s Le Devin du village. European music had taken a new direction. But Rousseau himself composed no more operas. Despite the success of Le Devin du village, or rather because of its success, Rousseau felt that, as a moralist who had decided to make a break with worldly values, he could not allow himself to go on working for the theatre. He decided to devote his energies henceforth to literature and philosophy. Major Works Of Political Philosophy As part of what Rousseau called his “reform,” or improvement of his own character, he began to look back at some of the austere principles that he had learned as a child in the Calvinist republic of Geneva. Indeed, he decided to return to that city, repudiate his Catholicism, and seek readmission to the Protestant church. He had in the meantime acquired a mistress, an illiterate laundry maid named Thérèse Levasseur. To the surprise of his friends, he took her with him to Geneva, presenting her as a nurse. Although her presence caused some murmurings, Rousseau was readmitted easily to the Calvinist communion, his literary fame having made him very welcome to a city that prided itself as much on its culture as on its morals. Rousseau had by that time completed a second Discourse in response to a question set by the Academy of Dijon: “What is the origin of the inequality among men and is it justified by natural law?” In response to that challenge he produced a masterpiece of speculative anthropology. The argument follows on that of his first Discourse by developing the proposition that people are naturally good and then tracing the successive stages by which they have descended from primitive innocence to corrupt sophistication. Rousseau begins his Discours sur l’origine de l’inegalité (1755; Discourse on the Origin of Inequality) by distinguishing two kinds of inequality, natural and artificial, the first arising from differences in strength, intelligence, and so forth, the second from the conventions that govern societies. It is the inequalities of the latter sort that he set out to explain. Adopting what he thought the properly “scientific” method of investigating origins, he attempts to reconstruct the earliest phases of human life on earth. He suggests that original humans were not social beings but entirely solitary, and to that extent he agrees with Thomas Hobbes’s account of the state of nature. But in contrast to the English pessimist’s view that human life in such a condition must have been “poor, nasty, brutish, and short,” Rousseau claims that original humans, although admittedly solitary, were healthy, happy, good, and free. Human vices, he argued, date from the time when societies were formed. Rousseau thus exonerates nature and blames society. He says that passions that generate vices hardly existed in the state of nature but began to develop as soon as people formed societies. He goes on to suggest that societies started when people built their first huts, a development that facilitated cohabitation of males and females; that in turn produced the habit of living as a family and associating with neighbours. That “nascent society,” as Rousseau calls it, was good while it lasted; it was indeed the “golden age” of human history. Only it did not endure. With the tender passion of love there was also born the destructive passion of jealousy. Neighbours started to compare their abilities and achievements with one another, and that “marked the first step towards inequality and at the same time towards vice.” People started to demand consideration and respect. Their innocent self-love turned into culpable pride, as each person wanted to be better than everyone else. The introduction of property marked a further step toward inequality, since it made law and government necessary as a means of protecting it. Rousseau laments the “fatal” concept of property in one of his more-eloquent passages, describing the “horrors” that have resulted from the departure from a condition in which the earth belonged to no one. Those passages in his second Discourse excited later revolutionaries such as Karl Marx and Vladimir Ilich Lenin, but Rousseau himself did not think that the past could be undone in any way. There was no point in dreaming of a return to the golden age. Civil society, as Rousseau describes it, comes into being to serve two purposes: to provide peace for everyone and to ensure the right to property for anyone lucky enough to have possessions. It is thus of some advantage to everyone, but mostly to the advantage of the rich, since it transforms their de facto ownership into rightful ownership and keeps the poor dispossessed. It is a somewhat fraudulent social contract that introduces government, since the poor get so much less out of it than do the rich. Even so, the rich are no happier in civil society than are the poor because people in society are never satisfied. Society leads people to hate one another to the extent that their interests conflict, and the best they are able to do is to hide their hostility behind a mask of courtesy. Thus, Rousseau regards inequality not as a separate problem but as one of the features of the long process by which men become alienated from nature and from innocence. In the dedication Rousseau wrote for the second Discourse, in order to present it to the republic of Geneva, he nevertheless praised that city-state for having achieved the ideal balance between “the equality which nature established among men and the inequality which they have instituted among themselves.” The arrangement he discerned in Geneva was one in which the best persons were chosen by the citizens and put in the highest positions of authority. Like Plato, Rousseau always believed that a just society was one in which everyone was in his proper place. And having written the second Discourse to explain how people had lost their liberty in the past, he went on to write another book, Du Contrat social (1762; The Social Contract), to suggest how they might recover their liberty in the future. Again Geneva was the model: not Geneva as it had become in 1754 when Rousseau returned there to recover his rights as a citizen, but Geneva as it had once been—i.e., Geneva as Calvin had designed it. The Social Contract begins with the sensational opening sentence: “Man is born free, and everywhere he is in chains,” and proceeds to argue that men need not be in chains. If a civil society, or state, could be based on a genuine social contract, as opposed to the fraudulent social contract depicted in the Discourse on the Origin of Inequality, people would receive in exchange for their independence a better kind of freedom, namely true political, or republican, liberty. Such liberty is to be found in obedience to a self-imposed law. Rousseau’s definition of political liberty raises an obvious problem. For while it can be readily agreed that an individual is free if he obeys only rules he prescribes for himself, this is so because an individual is a person with a single will. A society, by contrast, is a set of persons with a set of individual wills, and conflict between separate wills is a fact of universal experience. Rousseau’s response to the problem is to define civil society as an artificial person united by a general will, or volonté générale. The social contract that brings society into being is a pledge, and the society remains in being as a pledged group. Rousseau’s republic is a creation of the general will—of a will that never falters in each and every member to further the public, common, or national interest—even though it may conflict at times with personal interest. Rousseau sounds very much like Hobbes when he says that under the pact by which people enter civil society everyone totally alienates himself and all his rights to the whole community. Rousseau, however, represents this act as a form of exchange of rights whereby people give up natural rights in return for civil rights. The bargain is a good one, because what is surrendered are rights of dubious value, whose realization depends solely on an individual’s own might, and what is obtained in return are rights that are both legitimate and enforced by the collective force of the community. There is no more haunting paragraph in The Social Contract than that in which Rousseau speaks of “forcing a man to be free.” But it would be wrong to interpret these words in the manner of those critics who see Rousseau as a prophet of modern totalitarianism. He does not claim that a whole society can be forced to be free but only that an occasional individual, who is enslaved by his passions to the extent of disobeying the law, can be restored by force to obedience to the voice of the general will that exists inside of him. The person who is coerced by society for a breach of the law is, in Rousseau’s view, being brought back to an awareness of his own true interests. For Rousseau there is a radical dichotomy between true law and actual law. Actual law, which he described in the Discourse on the Origin of Inequality, simply protects the status quo. True law, as described in The Social Contract, is just law, and what ensures its being just is that it is made by the people in their collective capacity as sovereign and obeyed by the same people in their individual capacities as subjects. Rousseau is confident that such laws could not be unjust because it is inconceivable that any people would make unjust laws for itself. Rousseau is, however, troubled by the fact that the majority of a people does not necessarily represent its most-intelligent citizens. Indeed, he agrees with Plato that most people are stupid. Thus, the general will, while always morally sound, is sometimes mistaken. Hence Rousseau suggests the people need a lawgiver—a great mind like Solon or Lycurgus or Calvin—to draw up a constitution and system of laws. He even suggests that such lawgivers need to claim divine inspiration in order to persuade the dim-witted multitude to accept and endorse the laws it is offered. That suggestion echoes a similar proposal by Niccolò Machiavelli, a political theorist whom Rousseau greatly admired and whose love of republican government he shared. An even more conspicuously Machiavellian influence can be discerned in Rousseau’s chapter on civil religion, where he argues that Christianity, despite its truth, is useless as a republican religion on the grounds that it is directed to the unseen world and does nothing to teach citizens the virtues that are needed in the service of the state, namely, courage, virility, and patriotism. Rousseau does not go so far as Machiavelli in proposing a revival of pagan cults, but he does propose a civil religion with minimal theological content designed to fortify and not impede (as Christianity impedes) the cultivation of martial virtues. It is understandable that the authorities of Geneva, profoundly convinced that the national church of their little republic was at the same time a truly Christian church and a nursery of patriotism, reacted angrily against that chapter in Rousseau’s Social Contract. By the year 1762, however, when The Social Contract was published, Rousseau had given up any thought of settling in Geneva. After recovering his citizen’s rights in 1754, he had returned to Paris and the company of his friends around the Encyclopédie. But he became increasingly ill at ease in such worldly society and began to quarrel with his fellow philosophes. An article for the Encyclopédie on the subject of Geneva, written by d’Alembert at Voltaire’s instigation, upset Rousseau partly by suggesting that the pastors of the city had lapsed from Calvinist severity into unitarian laxity and partly by proposing that a theatre should be erected there. Rousseau hastened into print with a defense of the Calvinist orthodoxy of the pastors and with an elaborate attack on the theatre as an institution that could only do harm to an innocent community such as Geneva. Years Of Seclusion And Exile By the time his Lettre à d’Alembert sur les spectacles (1758; Letter to Monsieur d’Alembert on the Theatre) appeared in print, Rousseau had already left Paris to pursue a life closer to nature on the country estate of his friend Mme d’Épinay near Montmorency. When the hospitality of Mme d’Épinay proved to entail much the same social round as that of Paris, Rousseau retreated to a nearby cottage, called Montlouis, under the protection of the Maréchal de Luxembourg. But even that highly placed friend could not save him in 1762 when his treatise Émile; ou, de l’education (Emile; or, On Education), was published and scandalized the pious Jansenists of the French Parlements even as The Social Contract scandalized the Calvinists of Geneva. In Paris, as in Geneva, they ordered the book to be burned and the author arrested; all the Maréchal de Luxembourg could do was to provide a carriage for Rousseau to escape from France. After formally renouncing his Genevan citizenship in 1763, Rousseau became a fugitive, spending the rest of his life moving from one refuge to another. The years at Montmorency had been the most productive of his literary career; The Social Contract, Émile, and Julie; ou, la nouvelle Héloïse (1761; Julie; or, The New Eloise) came out within 12 months, all three works of seminal importance. The New Eloise, being a novel, escaped the censorship to which the other two works were subject; indeed, of all his books it proved to be the most widely read and the most universally praised in his lifetime. It develops the Romanticism that had already informed his writings on music and perhaps did more than any other single work of literature to influence the spirit of its age. It made the author at least as many friends among the reading public—and especially among educated women—as The Social Contract and Émile made enemies among magistrates and priests. If it did not exempt him from persecution, at least it ensured that his persecution was observed, and admiring femmes du monde intervened from time to time to help him so that Rousseau was never, unlike Voltaire and Diderot, actually imprisoned. The theme of The New Eloise provides a striking contrast to that of The Social Contract. It is about people finding happiness in domestic as distinct from public life, in the family as opposed to the state. The central character, Saint-Preux, is a middle-class preceptor who falls in love with his upper-class pupil, Julie. She returns his love and yields to his advances, but the difference between their classes makes marriage between them impossible. Baron d’Étange, Julie’s father, has indeed promised her to a fellow nobleman named Wolmar. As a dutiful daughter, Julie marries Wolmar and Saint-Preux goes off on a voyage around the world with an English aristocrat, Bomston, from whom he acquires a certain stoicism. Julie succeeds in forgetting her feelings for Saint-Preux and finds happiness as wife, mother, and chatelaine. Some six years later Saint-Preux returns from his travels and is engaged as tutor to the Wolmar children. All live together in harmony, and there are only faint echoes of the old affair between Saint-Preux and Julie. The little community, dominated by Julie, illustrates one of Rousseau’s political principles: that while men should rule the world in public life, women should rule men in private life. At the end of The New Eloise, when Julie has made herself ill in an attempt to rescue one of her children from drowning, she comes face-to-face with a truth about herself: that her love for Saint-Preux has never died. The novel was clearly inspired by Rousseau’s own curious relationship—at once passionate and platonic—with Sophie d’Houdetot, a noblewoman who lived near him at Montmorency. He himself asserted in the Confessions that he was led to write the book by “a desire for loving, which I had never been able to satisfy and by which I felt myself devoured.” Saint-Preux’s experience of love forbidden by the laws of class reflects Rousseau’s own experience; and yet it cannot be said that The New Eloise is an attack on those laws, which seem, on the contrary, to be given the status almost of laws of nature. The members of the Wolmar household are depicted as finding happiness in living according to an aristocratic ideal. They appreciate the routines of country life and enjoy the beauties of the Swiss and Savoyard Alps. But despite such an endorsement of the social order, the novel was revolutionary; its very free expression of emotions and its extreme sensibility deeply moved its large readership and profoundly influenced literary developments. Émile is a book that seems to appeal alternately to the republican ethic of The Social Contract and the aristocratic ethic of The New Eloise. It is also halfway between a novel and a didactic essay. Described by the author as a treatise on education, it is not about schooling but about the upbringing of a rich man’s son by a tutor who is given unlimited authority over him. At the same time the book sets out to explore the possibilities of an education for republican citizenship. The basic argument of the book, as Rousseau himself expressed it, is that vice and error, which are alien to a child’s original nature, are introduced by external agencies, so that the work of a tutor must always be directed to counteracting those forces by manipulating pressures that will work with nature and not against it. Rousseau devotes many pages to explaining the methods the tutor must use. Those methods involve a noticeable measure of deceit, and although corporal punishment is forbidden, mental cruelty is not. Whereas The Social Contract is concerned with the problems of achieving freedom, Émile is concerned with achieving happiness and wisdom. In this different context religion plays a different role. Instead of a civil religion, Rousseau here outlines a personal religion, which proves to be a kind of simplified Christianity, involving neither revelation nor the familiar dogmas of the church. In the guise of La Profession de foi du vicaire savoyard (1765; The Profession of Faith of a Savoyard Vicar) Rousseau sets out what may fairly be regarded as his own religious views, since that book confirms what he says on the subject in his private correspondence. Rousseau could never entertain doubts about God’s existence or about the immortality of the soul. He felt, moreover, a strong emotional drive toward the worship of God, whose presence he felt most forcefully in nature, especially in mountains and forests untouched by the hand of man. He also attached great importance to conscience, the “divine voice of the soul in man,” opposing this both to the bloodless categories of rationalistic ethics and to the cold tablets of biblical authority. That minimal creed put Rousseau at odds with the orthodox adherents of the churches and with the openly atheistic philosophes of Paris, so that despite the enthusiasm that some of his writings, and especially The New Eloise, excited in the reading public, he felt himself increasingly isolated, tormented, and pursued. After he had been expelled from France, he was chased from canton to canton in Switzerland. He reacted to the suppression of The Social Contract in Geneva by indicting the regime of that city-state in a pamphlet entitled Lettres écrites de la montagne (1764; Letters Written from the Mountain). No longer, as in the Discourse on the Origin of Inequality, was Geneva depicted as a model republic but as one that had been taken over by “twenty-five despots”; the subjects of the king of England were said to be free by comparison with the victims of Genevan tyranny. It was in England that Rousseau found refuge after he had been banished from the canton of Bern. The Scottish philosopher David Hume took him there and secured the offer of a pension from King George III; but once in England, Rousseau became aware that certain British intellectuals were making fun of him, and he suspected Hume of participating in the mockery. Various symptoms of paranoia began to manifest themselves in Rousseau, and he returned to France incognito. Believing that Thérèse was the only person he could rely on, he finally married her in 1768, when he was 56 years old. The Last Decade In the remaining 10 years of his life Rousseau produced primarily autobiographical writings, mostly intended to justify himself against the accusations of his adversaries. The most important was his Confessions, modeled on the work of the same title by St. Augustine and achieving something of the same classic status. He also wrote Rousseau juge de Jean-Jacques (1780; Rousseau, Judge of Jean-Jacques) to reply to specific charges by his enemies and Les Rêveries du promeneur solitaire (1782; Reveries of the Solitary Walker), one of the most moving of his books, in which the intense passion of his earlier writings gives way to a gentle lyricism and serenity. And indeed, Rousseau does seem to have recovered his peace of mind in his last years, when he was once again afforded refuge on the estates of great French noblemen, first the Prince de Conti and then the Marquis de Girardin, in whose park at Ermenonville he died. Duignan, B., & Cranston, M. (2018, October 15). Jean-Jacques Rousseau. Retrieved January 10, 2019, from https://www.britannica.com/biography/Jean-Jacques-Rousseau
Launch FIGAP/VIV América Latina 2010 At the IPE in Atlanta a new VIV initiative was announced: FIGAP/VIV América Latina 2010. The exhibition will take place from 21-23 October, 2010, in Guadalajara, Mexico. This is a joint-venture between FIGAP, the leading animal husbandry trade show organiser in Mexico, and VNU Exhibitions Europe. The new combination offers international and national companies a strong livestock business platform in Latin America’s emerging market. “The trade show concepts of FIGAP and VIV are synergetic,” says VIV Project Manager Wendy Voermans, “VIV brings in its Feed-to-Meat supply chain concept with a global expertise network.” Patricia Jazo Altamirano, Director General of FIGAP: "FIGAP is the established event for the agro-industrial and livestock sector in Mexico. We have strong market expertise and support from the industry and local authorities." The partners feel confident that exhibitors and visitors benefit from their joint expertise. Latin America’s animal protein industry has a lot on offer for international suppliers in the Feed-to-Meat chain. Poultry production shows an annual increase of 5%, pig production 4% and dairy 2%. As a result, feed production is growing with an annual 5%. Therefore, local livestock producers are facing many challenges. New technologies and production methods are vital to comply with the increasing consumer demand for safe and healthy food. “Business opportunities can be found throughout the full supply chain, but specifically in the fields of Genetics, Animal health, Feed ingredients & additives and Slaughtering & Meat processing equipment and technology," says Voermans. FIGAP/VIV América Latina is in the heart of one of the most accessible livestock industries in Latin America: Mexico. Mexico is a good place to start or expand business with its vast home market of 106 million consumers. Guadalajara, Mexico’s second-largest city, is capital of the state of Jalisco: one of the leading states for the country’s poultry and pig production. FIGAP/VIV América Latina takes place in the Expo Guadalajara venue. To comment, login here Or register to be able to comment.
Alfred William Pollard was a noted editor and bibliographer, best known for his work on Shakespeare. He was born in London in 1859 to Edward William Pollard and his second wife, Emma Louisa Thompson. Educated first at King’s College School, in 1877 he attended St John’s College, Oxford. Looking at his published work, it is tempting to think of Pollard as the archetypal Edwardian scholar: overly absorbed in antiquarian books, studying the minutiae of textual ephemera, poring over finely printed texts, patiently cataloguing bibliographical arcana. This image of the industrious Edwardian is also reinforced by the knowledge that he was a devout Christian, attending Church daily, publishing Life, Love and Light: Practical … Owens, Rebekah . "A. W. Pollard". The Literary Encyclopedia. First published 05 June 2014 [https://staging.litencyc.com/php/speople.php?rec=true&UID=13357, accessed 22 August 2019.]
I have a gift for all members who comes to Boston AREIA on 4/18 http://conta.cc/16IY93f Thanks to Sheila, I have a gift for all members of Boston AREIA who come to see Peter McLoughlin on 4/18! I was meeting with Sheila Farragher-Gemma the other day. She used to run Foreclosures MA. She said, “You know I have a bunch of relevant short sale/foreclosure education that we used to sell at our meetings. If you want them, you can have them to hand out to your members.” I’m always looking for benefits and giveaways that I can hand my members. All the information is relevant and can help you in your real estate investments. I guess that just shows you the Power of Who (my favorite new book). Have you become a member yet? Now’s the time. I have no idea how long the supplies will last. So, Become a Member of Boston AREIA today! See you on Thursday the 18th!
Want Wool Comic Strips - Page 75 844 Results for Want Wool View 741 - 750 results for want wool comic strips. Discover the best "Want Wool" comics from Dilbert.com. Share June 05, 2016's comic on: Boss: Did you see the viral video of the kitten riding the zebra? Dilbert: I know where this is heading and I don't like it. You're going to spend the next ten minutes looking for that video on your phone while we wait. Boss: It will only take a second. Dilbert: And so it begins. Boss: Here it is. No, wait. Dang. Wrong one. Okay, here it is. Oops, no, wrong one. Narrator: Ten minutes later. Boss: What do you think? Dilbert: I can't see it because you keep moving. Boss: I would let you hold it, but I don't want your germs on my phone. Dilbert: There are a lot of unsatisfying parts to this interaction. Wally: Now my coffee is cold. Share May 23, 2016's comic on: Share May 24, 2016's comic on: Man: Do you want to go to lunch? Boss: I can't be your friend because I'm your boss. Someday I might need to fire you, and it would be awkward if we were friends. Alice: Want to go to lunch? Boss: Sure. Share June 03, 2016's comic on: Boss: I can't decide if I want to vote for the liar with the budget plan that doesn't add up or... the other liar with a budget plan that doesn't add up. Dogbert: Have you tried using your ignorance to figure out which one is lying the least? Boss: Ooh, that could work. Share June 04, 2016's comic on: Boss: We need a president who can be a good role model for my kids. Dilbert: That will come in handy if your kids want to raise your taxes or veto a transportation bill. Boss: Why do I talk to you? Dilbert: I assume you do it to gain wisdom. Share June 12, 2016's comic on: Dilbert: I simplified the user interface as you suggested. You wanted one button to do eleven different functions. It wasn't easy, but I think you'll be pleased. If you want me to turn up the volume... you hold the button down for exactly five seconds... then double-tap, and double-tap again. Then hold for exactly six seconds. Then press it all the way down, then halfway up, then 27 percent back down. And hold for nine seconds. Or you could admit that you don't know anything about interface design. Boss: Never! Share June 16, 2016's comic on: Man: I'm a social justice warrior. That means I'm on our side. Do you want to go to dinner with me? Alice: No, thanks. I'm into men. Man: I am a man. Alice: Don't make me turn around and prove you wrong. Share June 18, 2016's comic on: Boss: Company policy says you have to take a vacation. Dilbert: I don't want one. I would be bored for a week and come back to all the work that piled up while I was gone. Boss: Nothing about you is normal. Dilbert: Thank you. Share July 08, 2016's comic on: Catbert: Ted went on extended disability because a fly went up his nose and laid eggs. Boss: I want to be green, but I don't know if I should side with the fly or the employee in this situation. Catbert: Well, for what it's worth, Ted doesn't have a family, but the fly does.
After the firing of FBI Director James Comey by President Trump back in May of 2017, senior officials with the FBI considered the possibility that the president may have been acting at the direction of the Russian government. A report by CNN indicates that a half-dozen FBI officials got together after Comey was booted from his position to “debate a range of possibilities” in “trying to understand why Trump was acting in ways that seemed to benefit Russia.” Gee, the FBI seem strangely suspicious of their current Commander-in-Chief, don’t they? Were they like this when Obama was in office? Don’t recall that being the case. “That was one extreme. The other extreme is that the President is completely innocent, and we discussed that too. There’s a range of things this could possibly be. We need to investigate, because we don’t know whether, you know, the worst-case scenario is possibly true or the President is totally innocent and we need to get this thing over with — and so he can move forward with his agenda,” Baker said at the time, according to CNN. “I’m speaking theoretically. If the president of the United States fired Jim Comey at the behest of the Russian government, that would be unlawful and unconstitutional,” Baker explained. The group of FBI officials discussing what to do following Comey’s firing may have included disgraced agent Peter Strzok and FBI lawyer Lisa Page, who were later revealed to be staunchly against Trump, leading to Strzok’s removal from special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation. Also, Baker told Congress that questions surrounding Trump’s potential collusion with Russia, and whether he was acting at Russia’s behest, drove the bureau’s decision to open an obstruction of justice probe against him. “Not only would it be an issue of obstructing an investigation, but the obstruction itself would hurt our ability to figure out what the Russians had done, and that is what would be the threat to national security,” Baker said. President Trump spoke to the media outside the White House on Monday, calling the allegations of his working with the Russian government a “disgrace.” — ABC News (@ABC) January 14, 2019 The liberal media and Democrats in Congress are obsessed with this whole Russia investigation as they’re hoping that they will find some sort of bombshell that will get him impeached and removed from office. However, it’s not looking likely that any such bombshell exists. The only reason they’re putting so much effort into this strategy is because they are still sore over losing in 2016. They are the ultimate sore losers. Will they ever grow up? Probably not.
Five Moon Names to Know for Successful Moongazing Clip: Season 46 | 2m 6s Blood moon. Blue moon. Harvest moon. Supermoon. Each of these phrases refers to a distinct appearance of Earth's moon, corresponding with different lunar phases we see in the sky. So what exactly can these names, and “super blood wolf moon,” teach us?
Tiber Wine Club Membership of The Tiber Wine Club is FREE and there is no requirement to purchase. Members enjoy many benefits: - Special offers, including bonus wines and free freight - Access to new-release wines and museum wines - Two issues of The Tiber magazine (online) each year - Information about winery events, such as Shakespeare in the Vines (February) and Gourmet Weekend (May). The Tiber magazine and The Tiber Wine Club are names which draw on the European links of the Jesuits who settled at Sevenhill in 1851. They named the modest watercourse that flows through the property after rain, The Tiber, in recognition of The Tiber River, which flows through Rome and into the Tyrrhenian Sea.
This web site is part of the Business Intelligence Division of Informa PLC This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC’s registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726. Tobira Therapeutics, Inc. Drug Names(s): RB006 (IV bolus) + RB007 (IV bolus), pegnivacogin/anivamersen, REG1 Description: REG1 consists of an oligonucleotide aptamer anticoagulant (RB006, pegnivacogin) directed against Factor IXa and an oligonucleotide antidote (RB007, anivamersen) that is complementary to a portion of RB006 and binds/neutralizes it. Aptamers are single strands of nucleic acid that adopt a specific shape, allowing them to bind proteins specifically and with high affinity. Regado licensed the antidote technology from Duke University. Regado and Archemix In October 2003, Archemix entered into an agreement with Regado Biosciences for the discovery and development of aptamers. Under the terms of the agreement, Archemix is eligible to receive milestone payments in the aggregate amount of up to approximately $5.5 million per product, contingent upon the achievement of development, regulatory and first commercial sale milestones. In addition, Archemix is entitled to receive a royalty on any net sales of products containing aptamers and 15%, or 25% for products directed toward two specified targets, of all sublicense income received by Regado with respect to the grant of a sublicense to such products. Regado and Nektar In December 2006, Regado entered into a license, manufacturing and supply agreement with Nektar pursuant to which Regado obtained an exclusive, worldwide license to certain Nektar-controlled patent rights and...See full deal structure in Biomedtracker Partners: Archemix Corp. Nektar Therapeutics Revolixys Kit News Additional information available to subscribers only:
If you live in one of the neighborhoods next to Utah Lake like Mallard Bay, then you already know all of the perks of living next to it. If you don’t, then you are missing out. When you’re looking for some outdoor fun Utah Lake is the place to be. The lake offers a variety of activities perfect for the whole family, for everyone to enjoy. We couldn’t list everything, but here is just a sample of everything you can do at Utah Lake. - Geocaching: If you don’t know what geocaching is than you need to find out right now! Geocaching is a world-wide treasure hunt. People hide “caches” full of treasures all over the world and there are dozens of them around Utah Lake. Just get out your smart phone and follow the GPS to the location of your hidden treasure, or check out the Geocaching website for more information on how to play! - Water Activities: Of course where there’s a lake, there’s water sports. There are plenty of docks where you can take out your boat or jet skis when the weather is warm. Have some fun on the water and rent a paddleboard or kayak and explore the lake up close and personal. Or if you want to just relax on the beach and maybe take a swim, there are plenty of beaches to do that at as well. Take the whole family out and have a picnic and just enjoy your day. - Birding: Are you interested in birds and love bird watching? Utah Lake is perfect for that! There are plenty of night owls, bald eagles and pelicans flying around the water. You are sure to see a bird that you have never seen before at Utah Lake. - Hiking: On paved or unpaved paths, there are so many trails around Utah Lake that you can take a walk on or ride your bike. Exploring all around the lake is just as fun as getting in it. Plus if you make it on the west side of the lake, you will get a spectacular view of the mountains and Utah Valley.
In a statement written by the American Lands Council it appears there is support from eastern states like Tennessee for the Federal Transfer of Lands to states. What do you think of this? Read this and comment! Why would an eastern state like The Tennessee pass a resolution supporting the Transfer of Public Lands to the Western States? On January 26th, Tennessee Governor Hallam signed a resolution passed by their Legislature calling “on other states to pass a similar resolution in support of the transfer of the federal public lands to the western states.” Some who are unfamiliar with the devastating affects caused by the failed federal policies waged on western public lands may wonder why the Eastern States would be interested in their transfer to all willing western states. But states such as Tennessee, Georgia, South Carolina, and Arkansas realize that while states east of the continental divide fund education, public safety and other essential government services largely through property taxes, western states struggle to provide these most basic needs because Congress lords the PILT (Payment In Lieu of Taxes) over western communities “like some two-bit protection racket,” in the words of U.S. Senator Mike Lee. Just as importantly, they also know that those payments come at the expense of Eastern states who are forced to fund these payments to western states in order to keep them from using their own resources. These Eastern States also understand that we all want healthy air, water and wildlife; Abundant outdoor recreation opportunities; and safe, vibrant communities. But one-size-fails-all federal management of our public lands is giving us unhealthy air, water, and decimated wildlife; blocked off and destroyed recreation access, and unsafe, economically depressed communities. We need to free the lands from federal bureaucracy so we can tend them more like a healthy, productive garden and less like a stuffy old “hands off, don’t touch” museum. With more effective local care, we can restore the balance we need to produce healthy air, water and wildlife; abundant recreation opportunities; & safe, vibrant communities. Who knows western lands the best? Who better to tend the environment in our state than the people who live here and care about our air and water and wildlife the most? These Eastern States also understand that a threat upon any state’s sovereignty is a threat to every state’s sovereignty. As the U.S. Supreme Court recently admonished, “the constitutional equality of the States is essential to the harmonious operation of the scheme upon which the Republic was organized.” In other words, our constitutional system itself doesn’t work where the States are treated unequally. The basic rights of liberty, property and self-governance are essential to the proper balance in our unique system of government. As Thomas Jefferson warned, “it must be the states themselves erecting barriers at the constitutional line that cannot be surmounted…” Since the founding of the American Lands Council in 2012, States around the West and across the nation have passed a variety of legislation towards bringing about the Transfer of Public Lands to all willing western states, and, with your support, the legislative efforts continue. Please be aware of the bills moving forward in your state and contact your elected officials to urge their relentless support for the only solution big enough to secure more effective local care and management of our unique western lands. The American Lands Council urges all states, both those in the East and the West, to stand together and pursue the legal and constitutional means afforded to us under the U.S. Constitution to compel Congress to honor the very same statehood terms and the very same constitutional obligations to relinquish control over the public lands following statehood. American Lands Council WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THE FEDERAL TRANSFER OF LANDS TO STATE CONTROL?
Sorry but this form will not work without cookies enabled. Please adjust your browser settings to enable cookies to continue. For more information on how to do this please see our. The Leading Bilingual International School in Vietnam We are proud to be the only bilingual school in Ho Chi Minh City that is fully accredited by CIS (Council of International Schools). Confident and Independent Learners Graduating with a global perspective in their learning and a great sense of pride in their heritage, our students are well-equipped to pursue their passions and ambitions wherever they choose to go. Inspiring Students to Succeed Our experienced, highly-qualified teachers ignite creativity and a love of learning in every student. A World-class Education The internationally recognised British curriculum coupled with traditional Vietnamese values makes our school unique and a very special learning environment. Join Our School Today! Our friendly, committed Admissions team are pleased to assist you with any questions and requests in English, Vietnamese and Korean. An Exciting and Multicultural Environment Stay up to date with the many varied events that are regularly happening across our exciting school community. Get In touch with Us We look forward to welcoming you to our vibrant community.
Welcome 2018 with the best melodies from Indonesia’s all-time favourite pop band, Kahitna, at DoubleTree by Hilton Jakarta - Diponegoro in collaboration with Bank Mandiri. Taking place at Makara Ballroom on December 31, 2017, the evening presents a list of essential Kahitna songs such as Cerita Cinta, Cantik, Sampai Nanti and Mantan Terindah. Fans of the popular band that has existed over decades and is led by renowned musician/composer Yovie Widianto would agree, singing their hearts out to those tunes is the right way to ring in the new year. Add to that a variety of special F&B promotions available at DoubleTree by Hilton Jakarta – Diponegoro. Ticket prices for the exclusive event range from IDR 1,350,000 to 2,450,000, inclusive of tax and service, and will be available online beginning October 16, 2017 through www.rajakarcis.com and by contacting +62 21 829 2229. Bank Mandiri debit and card holders using their Mandiri fiestapoin get to enjoy up to 50% discount. Only 700 tickets are available. Those seated in Diamond are entitled to an exclusive welcome drink. Romantic Breeze with Kahitna for New Year’s Eve at DoubleTree by Hilton Jakarta – Diponegoro is fully supported by Bank Mandiri in partnership with 87.6 Hard Rock FM, 90.4 Cosmopolitan FM, 103.8 Brava Radio and 89.6 FM IRadio.
We’re kicking off a new series this coming Sunday called UPSIDE DOWN. In the Upside Down series, we are going to look at something Jesus talked a lot about–the Kingdom of God. Many of the people who heard His message firsthand thought that He was talking about a kingdom where Jesus would be in political power, and that their lives would be easier than their present circumstances under Roman rule. But Jesus was talking about something bigger than that–a kingdom where His desire for broken things to be restored is met. Jesus was talking about ushering in an upside-down world. Our desire is to come alongside you, in what you’re already doing, to help your student grow in their walk with Christ. To access the PARENT CUE for this series, click here.
A minimum-security inmate who walked away from a state correctional facility in Tracy on Sunday is being sought by California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation officials. Bobby D. John, 40, was last seen at his job assignment at the Prison Industry Authority Dairy at Deuel Vocational Institution near Tracy on Sunday morning, according to a department news release. Staff members immediately searched surrounding areas and notified area law enforcement agencies as well as the CDCR’s Office of Correctional Safety. John entered the state prison system from Sacramento County in May 2014 with a six-year sentence for first-degree burglary, the news release said. He was scheduled to be released in November 2020. John is described as 5 feet, 6 inches tall, weighing 207 pounds, with green eyes and brown hair. Anyone who sees John is advised to immediately contact their local law enforcement agency or call 911. Anyone with information regarding John’s location or who can provide other relevant information is asked to call the Deuel Vocational Institution watch commander at 209-835-4141, ext. 3842.
Quick Guide to File Compression If you have owned your computer for a year or more, you have probably run into the problem of large files, and hard-drive space. The salesman’s promise, “You’ll never use all the space on this computer!”, sounds more and more like advertising. Once you actually start to use the computer for more than just the occasional game of solitaire, all of the programs, video games, and assorted emails begin to stack up. Before you know it you may start getting warning messages like, “Hard-drive space is running low. Do you want to clean up some files on your computer?” Or perhaps you’ve run into a situation where you’ve spent hours working on a report containing lots of graphics, and charts, and some spreadsheets. You go to copy the report to a disk or send it as an email attachment, only to find that it has morphed into a 15 meg monster of a file. The best way to combat these kinds of file space problems is to utilize a simple compression program. The function of a compression program is to take large files and make them smaller without changing, or losing any information in the file. It does this by using a complex set of algorithms and equations that take the bits of information in the file, reduce the size, and then remember how to put the files back together. Since a file is made up of 1000’s of bits of information it can be reduced from 1000’s down to 100’s without losing information because an algorithm can predict where those other bits WILL go when the file is uncompressed later. Now of course, like everything in the computer world, there are many different compression programs out there to choose from. Even though each program uses different algorithms for their compression, they all compress files about the same. A typical compression rate for a 100k Word document containing all text is about 60%-90% of the original file size. With this in mind, choosing your own favorite compression utility is usually a matter of personal taste, and ease of use. One of the most common, and user-friendly programs is called PKZIP. This program is freely available from www.PKware.com/ target=_blank>PKware. It’s user interface combines functionality, with ease of use by putting the compression terminology into easy to understand terms. Another highly used compression utility is called RAR. The RAR compression format is an extremely good one for packing together large programs into one very small file. One of the best features about this particular program is it’s ability to take extremely large files, and spread them out over several smaller files which can be stored on individual disks. This program is available at at http://www.rarsoft.com/ target=_blank>www.RARsoft.com. A third extremely popular shareware compressing agent is called ARJ, and can be found at http://www.arjsoft.com/ target=_blank>www.ARJsoft.com. This program has all the same abilities as RAR, and PKZIP, but just in a different format, and file extension. With the various compression utilities out there, it’s nice to have more than one around so that you can open other people’s files. You can only unzip a file with a .zip extension using PKZIP. A file with the .arj extension can only be opened with ARJ, and the .rar extension consequently can only be opened with the RAR program. Most files on the internet come compressed in one of these three above formats, and some sites even have 3 differently compressed copies for you to choose from all in the place. The world of compression is an important one, simply for the fact that it allows us a little bit of control over the size of our computers, and the time which we spend downloading one another’s files. So when those files come up that just seem bigger than you can handle, pull out your favorite compression program, and cut it down to size.
Commission Junction Announces the Winner of Its Web Services Developer Contest WESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 31, 2007--Commission Junction, a division of ValueClick, Inc. (Nasdaq:VCLK) and the leading global provider of advanced affiliate marketing solutions, announced today the winner of its Web Services Developer Contest. Stephan Helbig, founder, director and chief software engineer of nexMedia Ltd. (http://nexmedia.de) topped the field of contenders and was awarded Adobe's Studio 8. "I was eager to be a part of the Web Services Developer Contest because I love to be on the forefront of new developments," said Helbig. "The competition was fierce and I feel honored to have won this advanced development contest." The contest, announced at Commission Junction University 2006, was created by Commission Junction for tech-savvy advertisers and publishers. Contestants were challenged to use Commission Junction's new Web Services tools (http://webservices.cj.com/) to build applications that link Adobe's Dreamweaver with Commission Junction's technology. Helbig won the contest for creating a powerful product search application that he calls Agumbo (http://agumbo.com/). This product performs popular product searches throughout Commission Junction's global network. Helbig has plans to productize Agumbo under the name AutomaticOnlineShop (http://automaticonlineshop.com/). "Commission Junction is passionate about offering our clients the tools they need to succeed," said Tom Vadnais, president of ValueClick U.S. and general manager of Commission Junction and Mediaplex. "Web Services opened up a whole new world to our clients, allowing both advertisers and publishers to customize their experience in our network, the CJ Marketplace. Launching our Web Services in conjunction with the Developer Contest was exciting; we have a talented group of clients and it was amazing to see them rise to the challenge. Stephan created an exceptional application and we look forward to celebrating his and others' future successes with Web Services." About Commission Junction Commission Junction (www.cj.com) provides advanced performance marketing solutions that help marketers increase online leads and sales. By facilitating strategic relationships between advertisers and publishers, Commission Junction leverages its proven expertise in affiliate marketing and search marketing to drive measurable results for its clients. About ValueClick, Inc. ValueClick, Inc. (Nasdaq:VCLK) is one of the world's largest integrated online marketing companies, offering comprehensive and scalable solutions to deliver cost-effective customer acquisition for advertisers and significant revenue for publishers. Through its individual brands, ValueClick's performance-based solutions allow advertisers and publishers to reach their potential through all online marketing channels, including display advertising, affiliate marketing, lead generation, search, e-mail, and comparison shopping. ValueClick brands include Commission Junction, HiSpeed Media, Mediaplex, PriceRunner, ValueClick Media, and Webclients. For more information, please visit www.valueclick.com. John Ardis, 630.922.6423 Gary J. Fuges (CFA), 818.575.4677 SOURCE: ValueClick, Inc.
Broadcast Theme Park Tour program shows various Hallyu contents all in one place. If you are interested in famous k-dramas, entertainment shows and other broadcast programs, visit the ‘MBC World’ located inside the Munhwa Broadcasting Corp. (MBC). Visitors can become the protagonists of tv shows through latest holographic technology. ○ Eligibility : Any foreign tourists visiting Seoul ○ Period : Every second and fourth Tuesday of each month from April to December 2019, 13:00~15:00 - Detailed schedules may change. Further information can be checked on the Application Form page ○ Venue : MBC World Broadcast Theme Park (267, Seongam-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul) - Get off at Digital Media City Station on Seoul subway line 6, Gyeongui-Junang Line and Airport Railroad, then take exit 9 and walk for 11minutes ○ Content : Tour of MBC World’s facilities and virtual experiences of popular dramas and entertainment shows - Zone M : Dance, news broadcasting and other interactive programs with physical activities - Zone B : Premium Hallyu Contents Exhibition Hall where participants can become protagonists of Korean historical dramas - Zone C : Various attractions including programs to directly experience MBC’s popular shows ○ Maximum no. of participants : 15 ○ Languages : Korean, Chinese (Chinese tour is frequently run) ○ Admission : Free ○ How to apply : Access the following link and submit the Application Form ○ Information on application - Please apply for this tour four weeks prior to the start. - Up to 2 people can apply through the same application form, including the writer. - If the number of applicants exceeds 15, they will be selected through random drawing. - The selected participants will receive a confirmation letter via email three to seven days prior to the start of the tour. Only selected participants will receive the email. - For smooth program operation, please inform the secretariat if you cannot participate after receiving the confirmation letter through email (email@example.com) ○ Inquiries : Secretariat of Hallyu Experience Program (Korean/English) - Business Hours : Monday~Friday 10:00~16:00 (in Korean time. except public holidays)
Standards for Selling Carbon Offsets MCDI is preparing its REDD project to meet the highest of certification standards for both a potential regulated carbon market (adopted under the UNFCCC process) and for the existing voluntary carbon market. The global community has spent years trying to iron out the details of a REDD+ mechanism under the UNFCCC, but negotiations have yet to result in a fully operational mechanism in place (and some believe an agreement won’t be reached until 2020). Therefore, the only REDD credits being sold and traded today are being done through the voluntary carbon market, which has a number of different voluntary offset standards to choose from. MCDI is pursuing validation from the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) and the Climate, Community and Biodiversity Standard (CCB Standard), two leading standards which are commonly used in concert to verify combined carbon offsets and co-benefits (social and environmental). We will ensure that the project is successfully audited to comply with these leading standards. About the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) The Verified Carbon Standard is the most widely used standard on the voluntary market today and is closely aligned with the draft UNFCCC requirements and IPCC guidelines. VCS certifies the greenhouse gas reduction of a carbon project. Upon third-party verification, VCS issues Voluntary Carbon Units (VCUs), which represents emission reductions of one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent (C02e). VCS has a carbon registry where carbon credits can be bought, sold and retired. Projects must follow approved methodologies to prove that emission reductions are real. In addition, VCS requires that all VCUs represent GHG emission reductions or removals that are real, measurable, additional, permanent, independently verified, conservatively estimated, uniquely numbered and transparently listed. Developing a Methodology for VCS Validation The VCS accepts any methodology that has been approved under the United Nation’s Clean Development Mechanism. It also has a host of already approved VCS methodologies that project developers can use to quantify their project’s emissions reductions. However, for some projects, such as is the case with MCDI, there is no appropriate methodology that currently exists, and VCS allows project developers to develop their own methodology, which then needs to be assessed and validated by VCS through their methodology approval process. MCDI is taking a unique approach to emissions reductions by focusing on generating carbon offsets by reducing fire intensity and frequency in the VLFRs where we work. We’ve adopted this approach after assessing the various drivers of deforestation in the region and identified fire as having the most significant impact on deforestation rates. So far there are no other existing REDD+ projects that focus on fire management in dry forests. Consequently, we are required to develop an innovative methodology and management practices to allow us to proceed with this approach (see assessing carbon stocks to learn more). Therefore, working with our partners, MCDI is currently developing a new VCS methodology that will be suitable for the forest type and drivers of deforestation that apply to our project area. We seek to make our methodology as applicable as possible so that it can be widely used by anyone wishing to fund fire management in such ecosystems via the carbon market. We have partnered with an expert on the VCS methodology development process who will assist us in finalizing the methodology and seek approval and validation through VCS. If our methodology is approved it could open up a whole new frontier in REDD+ opportunities given that miombo woodlands stretch across some 2.8 million km2 of southern Africa, one of the largest expanses of fire-affected dryland forests in the world. About the Climate, Community and Biodiversity Standard The CCB Standard is a project design standard that provides guidance and a host of regulatory steps for projects to demonstrate the multiple benefits of their land-based carbon projects. CCB Standard does not issue or register carbon credits, but instead validates a project’s socio-economic and environmental co-benefits on top of its ability to deliver robust and credible greenhouse gas reductions. The achievement of CCB Standard is typically used in conjunction with another standard (most commonly VCS) to certify a project’s carbon credits. Both FSC and the CCB standards require biodiversity to be monitored in certified forests. Working with our partner, Ecological Initiatives / Carbon Tanzania, MCDI has identified an appropriate biodiversity monitoring strategy that is designed, so far as it is possible, to track biodiversity responses to early burning and improved fire management. Over time we expect improved fire management practices will lead to a slow habitat shift towards thicker forest, with some wooded savannah transforming into woodland, and some woodland becoming forest. The biomass increases this will represent will be what the project sells in terms of carbon offsets. MCDI’s community-based biodiversity monitoring method focuses on three selected indicator bird species, as well as opportunistic recording of large mammals, with data collected by community patrol teams in the REDD project villages. In addition, we intend to add a second strand of expert-led monitoring looking at relative species abundance in birds. As well as looking at broad scale shifts in the commonest birds, we will also use this to look for changes in ground-nesting birds which, we hypothesise, will be the most likely to be impacted by changes to the fire regime amongst those taxonomic groups which are relatively easy to monitor.
4oz caster sugar 4oz Self rising flour 1 tsp baking powder 1 tsp cinnamon powder Place all ingredients into a mixing bowl ( or i use my Kenwood Kitchen Chef) and mix for 2-3 minutes. Scoop (large scoop by Pampered Chef) or spoon into muffin cases. Bake for 15-18 Min’s at 180c, until done. Allow to cool. Now the frosting: 125g cream cheese40g Butter tsp of cinnamon powder Icing sugar ( lots of it) sprinkle of cinnamon powder Beat together the cream cheese and butter until smooth ( make sure they are room temperature), then add cinnamon and slow start adding icing sugar until reach the correct consistency ( soft but holds shape). Spoon into a decorator or piping bag, and pipe onto the cooled cakes. Sprinkle with a little cinnamon power to finish.
Guts 'n Glory , 30 Servings Gut Punch All the guts. All the glory. You need to sacrifice your guts to get the glory. But that sacrifice can leave guts... well, with no glory. To rectify that, we’ve created Guts ‘n Glory, a comprehensive general health support formula to ensure your guts are battle-ready.* Not only will you be promoting healthy digestion and nutrient metabolism, but you’ll also be assisting in other healthy and normal bodily functions.* Armed, ready, locked, and loaded for whatever battle comes your way! Ratings & Reviews What's in 'Merica Labz Guts 'n Glory Directions For Guts 'n Glory: Mix 1 Scoop with 8-12 ounces of water and consume once per day. Warnings: This product is only intended for use in healthy adults 18 years of age or older. Pregnant or nursing women should not use this product. Consult your healthcare provider before using this product, especially if you are taking any prescription, over the counter medication, dietary supplement product, or if you have any pre-existing medical condition including but not limited to: high or low blood pressure, cardiac arrhythmia, stroke, heart, liver, kidney or thyroid disease, seizure disorder, psychiatric disease, diabetes, difficulty urinating due to prostate enlargement or if you are taking a MAOI (Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitor) or any other medication. Immediately discontinue use and consult your health care professional if you experience adverse reaction to this product. Do not exceed recommended serving. Do not use if safety seal is broken or missing. Keep out of reach of children.
Camp 24/7 startet in die 14. Saison: Online-Buchung ab 9. Februar möglich Holiday destination Kiel Fjord - city, beach, ships... Gigantic ferries to Scandinavia, cruise liners from all over the world, shopping malls, baltic beaches and the cultural scene make life worth living in the city centre of Kiel. Through its unique location at Kiel Fjord, the capital of Schleswig-Holstein is on the waterfront like no other baltic metropolis. Thats is why it is called Kiel.Sailing.City. Big shopping malls next to the seaside - when you find yourself in the middle of the pedestrian zone and see a gigantic cruise liner passing by, you will always feel the maritime spirit of our capital. read more about shopping Discover Kiel´s unique atmosphere on a guided city tour by taxi, bus or boat. Our experienced city guides will provide interesting and exciting information about the city, culture and sights. read more about sightseeing in Kiel If you would like to book a room in Kiel, do not hesitate to contact us. Our hotel service is looking forward to find the right accommodation according to your individual needs. your accommodation offers Kiel Christmas markets From 26 November to 23 December: a Christmassy atmosphere throughout Kiel - stroll on foot through Kiel city centre and experience our Christmas markets. discover your favorite market You need some personal tips for your stay in Kiel? No problem! You can easily order some of our broschures to inform yourself about our beautiful city! order brochures about Kiel
In 1729, Jonathan Swift anonymously wrote an intensely satirical piece entitled "A Modest Proposal," in which he wryly proposed cannibalism for the public good. And those who were to be eaten were unwanted, poor children. Children who were "unwanted," not necessarily by their parents, but by the intelligentsia of his day. So, let's jump forward almost three hundred years to our present time. And this is no satire. The bodies of aborted, i.e. murdered, children - children who are not only unwanted by the intelligentsia, but unwanted by their own flesh and blood, by their own parents - are being cannibalized, with their plundered cells being used to make vaccines. To make matters even worse, the intelligentsia of our time not only insist on making these products of cannibalism AVAILABLE to the general public, they INSIST on making the injections MANDATORY. We're now beyond the ghastly point of them saying that you MAY be a cannibal if you would like, to them saying that, to be a responsible citizen, you and your (unaborted) children MUST BE CANNIBALS. My comments here have nothing to do with any argument over the morality of vaccinations themselves. It's not even about the dubious morality of governments forcing people to receive inoculations in general. This is about CANNIBALISM, and, I repeat, not just about cannibalism, but FORCED CANNIBALISM. There can be little doubt that modern medicine has, in many respects, been a blessing to humanity. Mortality rates have fallen with the increase of our scientific knowledge about sanitation, human physiology, and health. But, when science abandons decent moral considerations, nothing can be more of a curse for humanity. Nothing can be more of a plague. When doctors insist on going down the cursed path of a Mengele, the only thing that can follow, inevitably, is a curse on our nation. These inhuman abominations must be stopped, once and for all, for the sake of our children, for the sake of our posterity. "But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties." -- Winston Churchill, Finest Hour speech, June 18, 1940
When you are renting a 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 or 40 yard dumpster, you want a company you can trust with prices that make you smile. Give us a call today and see the difference we can make in your next construction or clean out project. Simply give us a call and we will help you figure out your dumpster rental needs. Our dumpsters usually go out same-day or next-day depending on when you call. We provide top-notch service, while going easy on your bottom line. What more could you ask for? Our trained operators are here to give you a fast and hassle-free experience from start to finish. Once you are done, simply give us a call and we will get your dumpster picked up right away! Our staff is here to help whenever you need it. Simply pick up the phone and give us a call. Most cities or municipalities do not have many regulations regarding dumpster rental as long as you keep the dumpster entirely on your own property during the rental period. If you need to place your container on the street in any way, you will likely have to obtain a permit from the appropriate building permit office in your town. You can check with your local public works department to be sure. Most Haddonfield dumpster rental companies will take care of securing this permit for you if you rent from them. Make sure that if you’re planning to put the dumpster on the street, the company has made the appropriate arrangements. You should also ensure that you get the permit in a timely manner and at the correct cost. If you thought the dumpster company was getting a permit and they did not, you will be the one who will have to pay the fine that is issued by the authorities. There are several items you could throw away to the rented dumpster. You may use the large dumpster to lose bulky cargo area mattresses. An inn that is revamping and receiving rid of a lot of mattresses may gain advantage from one or even more large dumpsters. While using ease of shifting the dumpster as a result of wheels at the bottom of the dumpster is without a doubt something you need to make sure you've got. These little dumpster are most commonly used for getting rid of general household items, like books, containers, furniture, paperwork and small amounts of piping. These are good for completely clearing out one particular small place It shields you and your young children from oxygen borne as well as fly borne diseases - As the dumpster cleans away neighborhood, community and design site, you will find very little chances left that you, or your family or maybe your kids, or maybe your friends will fall ill. Working with a professional rental service provider will be of great help to you with completing your task quickly from the easiest way. They would help you in dropping all the rubbish to the dumpster and delete them utilizing environmental welcoming waste administration strategies. The only thing you have to do can be create a excellent space to position a Dumpster so that the accumulated waste can easily dumped in to the dumpster. One more occasion a house keep work is when you are doing large projects on garden like reducing trees, doing away with shrubs or tearing straight down an old wall and so on. Working with a Dumpster will be helpful in dropping all the spend that is created without any hassle. When you experience a lot of junk to take care of and never a lot of time or resources to face it, you should rent a junk dumpster. It is located in your drive way, happily collects your junk and, if your time is correct, gets taken away away to the particular landfill with out looking back. Getting a trash Rent a 10 Yard Dumpster in Haddonfield, NJ normally takes most of the liability off your shoulders when you're working away at a design, clean-out or destruction project along with a heap of junk building up as part of your front yard. Because of so many different people to face, waste concerns are always the top of the priorities. Rubbish taxi makes sure that they will give you the best possible assistance for your needs. Every single element of the company is with the highest specifications, from the automobiles they push to the staff members who be employed by them. Rubbish taxi wants to provide a different outlook in trash and desire people to notice as a required element of their day and not a difficulty. When you move ahead to commence, you must carry certain precautions regarding your Rent a 10 Yard Dumpster in Haddonfield, NJ. Here are a couple of them: Dumpster leases as well as rubbish bin leases and the using of disposal packing containers are a fundamental part of business, condominium complexes and for home construction firms and even family use. Many reasons exist why somebody whether anyone or small business might need to rent some sort of dumpster, or rubbish bin. Are you currently a resident with the great Atl city? Are you currently worried about doing away with waste products and also other filths around your house and environments? You don't need to fret any longer! Atl Roll away Dumpsters are now at your beck as well as call. Certainly, waste products may constitute a nuisance when they are not properly removed. Wondering the amount of it will cost you in order to rent a dumpster? Charges for renting the dumpster vary drastically by place and depend on several key elements, including kind, capacity/weight limit, hire duration, waste type, as well as dump service fees. To give you an illustration, if you are planning in order to rent a roll-off container for non permanent debris selection and elimination and keep the dumpster for 3-4 days, prices can easily $100-$1000, depending on dimensions and dust type. Likewise, renting a front-load container for a period of 12 a few months can cost you $15-$65 or even more a month, according to local garbage rates, how big the container, and if you can find more pick-up/disposal fees with regard to non-recyclable waste. When you go to rent a dumpster you do not need the hassle of all that online type filling out etcetera. Find a good corporation, fill out a straightforward form, then return to trying to get the granite countertop to suit into your fresh kitchen. Dumpsters appear in many shapes and precisely why waste money upon ones you won't be filling to capability (sometimes many times over). To get a small challenge there are mini dumpsters that are solely ten foot long. After that you can rent the 20 backyard one, or maybe a thirty as well as forty backyard one. Not every dimensions are the same, so check with that as well to increase your advantage. The best way to deal with the mind-boggling clutter would be to start hurling things absent! Renting a dumpster can fix this process as you have somewhere to get all of the useless instead of looking for another location to put it right up until trash morning. You have to keep an eye about the hazards that you are going to encounter due to disasters in these dangerous zones and ways to manage these types of risks. It is recommended to try to abate the ill-effects of polluting of the environment, the major reason for these disasters. Dumpster rental from a expert rental service company that could dispose the garbage in Eco-friendly approach and reduce the ill effects associated with pollution within the environment therefore, acts as ranking block with regard to natural disasters happening on the planet, nevertheless, these disasters are not under our management and they by no means take permission to enter your property. You should be furnished with all the needed items to handle the situation. Aged Town is an additional name for the historic centre of Alexandria positioned in Virginia. If you are fine eating places, theatres, retailers as well as traditional shops should you be visiting Alexandria. People with been to California D.D. know that bordering Alexandria neighborhoods are the same with each other. You will enjoy jogging through the local neighborhoods if you therefore choose. Steer clear of big box merchants as they can charge too much for goods. If you know you'll need a large quantity of an item, like lumber as well as stone, discover a bulk retailer to purchase your content from as well as save. They are able to give you greater pricing upon material as it would be in bulk, vs . purchasing established quantities in the big box store, which can help ones bottom line. Remains are also the best way to save money. Nearly all retailers will offer remnants at lower prices simply because they take up room and they are unable to use these pieces. With a bit of creativity, remnants will offer a unique factor to your total design, even though saving ones bottom line. Family, workplace or even party junk, now you can understand it going in a great eco friendly approach. Just make a decision your budget and you're simply all set to opt for these cozy services. In developed countries such as US, It is tricky and also high-priced to find the work to haul the garbage. It also takes pretty much time to handle the work manually. The smart and effective way for everyone these problems will be to hire a dumpster from a professional Rent a 10 Yard Dumpster in Haddonfield, NJ service agency. Dumpster is a great practical helper inside hauling the enormous tons of squander than every other means. Dumpster hire clears all the trash properly in no time at very affordable charge. Unlike manual hauling, you might be no longer necessary to burn middle of the night oil to haul the enormous tons of junk. The companies offering Rent a 10 Yard Dumpster in Haddonfield, NJ and garbage trash can rental services get rid the garbage inside an eco friendly approach. They even consider the garbage and delete it. And that means you get rid of the junk in an eco-friendly way. Trash is the major problem that's drawing a person's eye of the entire world. Proper disposal of this generated trash is one more disguised . problem that's putting the project entrepreneurs at fantastic hurdle. Massive tons of cat litter piled up incorporate varied large items and poses difficult to the venture owner. You have to handle a lot of issues such as choosing the right disposal bin, dumping the numerous trash carefully,(demands manual help), spending some time to dispose in the landfills, undertake the problems while using local authority, proper disposal of junk by recycling where possible. All these concerns require a considerable amount of time and purchase of terms of profit addition to the risk. Ocean dumping is one much more method then most of the people to get rid their junk. This is not an advisable method as the trash disposed in the ocean will cause hurt to existence of a lot of species in the water. Does that appear like a squander to anyone else? If you're going to currently have to haul away your own squander and trash anyway, you could as well stay away from the trouble! You can rent a dumpster to complete your business renovation. Whether you are tearing apart a workplace or other kind of company building, you may need a Rent a 10 Yard Dumpster in Haddonfield, NJ. With roofing as well you will need to rent a dumpster. With respect to the size of your small business or office will determine the size of dumpster you will need to rent. If the roof or even business renovation is under 2 tons of squander than you are able to rent a small dumpster. If the amount of squander is about several pickup truck a lot than you may need a 15 cubic backyard dumpster to rent. Five pickup truck loads or even 3 tons or even less of trash can be carted with the channel size dumpster. Pertaining to very large renovation projects inside Arlington, VA, you will need to rent the large dumpster. It is perfect if you're getting rid of very big items for instance mattresses, agents, dressers, units, etc. The big dumpster is 30 cubic yards and holds about 10 pickup truck a lot or 4 numerous debris. Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are required
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBES THE TERMS ON WHICH NETWAITER, LLC (“NETWAITER, WE, US”) OFFERS YOU ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES. Welcome to the User Agreement (the “Agreement”) for NetWaiter, LLC. This Agreement describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our services available under the domain and sub-domains of www.netwaiter.com (the “Site”), including our services accessible via the websites of companies that license our services and software, and the general principles for the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliates. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use or access our services. We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. All amended terms, unless otherwise specified, shall immediately become effective when posted on the Site. This Agreement is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering users. Our services are available only to, and may only be used by individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, our services are not available to children (persons under the age of 18) or to temporarily or indefinitely suspended NetWaiter members. If you are under the age of 18, you can use this service only in conjunction with, and under the supervision of your parents or guardians. If you do not qualify, please do not use our Site. Further, your NetWaiter account (including feedback) and User ID may not be transferred or sold to another party. If you are registering as a business entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement. Joining NetWaiter is free. If we decide to change our fees for any of our services, our changes will be reflected on our Site and are effective after we provide you with at least fourteen (14) days notice of the changes by posting them on our Site. However, we may choose to temporarily change our fees for our services for promotional events and such changes are effective when we post the temporary promotional event on the Site. We may in our sole discretion change some or all of our services at any time. In the event we introduce a new service, the fees for that service are effective at the launch of the service. Unless otherwise stated, all fess are quoted in U.S. Dollars. You are responsible for paying all fees associated with using our service and the Site and all applicable taxes. All sales are final when making a purchase from a NetWaiter client. As soon as you place an order, your purchase is charged to the credit card provided. You cannot cancel a purchase or receive a refund for a purchase. NetWaiter does not sell products to the public. Instead, the Site acts as a venue to allow our clients to conduct business. We develop, maintain, and license proprietary software to facilitate transactions and provide a variety of services to help our clients conduct business. As a result, we have no control over the quality, safety, or legality of the items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the listings, and the ability of the sellers to sell items. We use many techniques to verify the accuracy of the information users provide us when registering on the Site. However, because user verification on the Internet is difficult, NetWaiter cannot and does not confirm each user's purported identity. Because we are a venue, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more clients of NetWaiter, you release NetWaiter (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” We do not control the information provided by our clients that is made available through our system. You may find some information to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or deceptive. Please use caution and common sense when using the Site. By using the Site, you agree to accept such risks and NetWaiter is not responsible for the acts or omissions of our clients. Without limiting any other remedies, NetWaiter may suspend or terminate your account if we suspect that you (by conviction, settlement, or otherwise) have engaged in fraudulent activity in connection with the Site. “Your Information” is defined as any information you provide to us in registration, feedback, or throughout any Email feature. You are solely responsible for Your Information. Your Information and your activities on the Site shall not: (a) be false, inaccurate or misleading; (b) be fraudulent; (c) contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, easter eggs, or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; (d) create liability for us or cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our ISPs or other suppliers. Without limiting other remedies, we may limit your activity, issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend, or terminate your membership and refuse to provide our services to you if: (a) you breach this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference; (b) are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you, our clients, or us. WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND OUR SUPPLIERS PROVIDE OUR WEBSITE AND SERVICES “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AND EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SITE, OUR SERVICES, OR THIS AGREEMENT (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE). You agree to indemnify and hold us and (as applicable) our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party. You shall comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of our service. You and NetWaiter are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer, or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement. In the event a dispute arises between you and NetWaiter, our goal is to provide you with a neutral and cost effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. Accordingly, you and NetWaiter agree that any claim or controversy at law or equity that arises out of this Agreement or our services, (“Claims”) shall be resolved in accordance with one of the subsections below or as otherwise mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties. Before resorting to these alternatives, we strongly encourage you to first contact us directly to seek a resolution and we will consider reasonable requests to resolve the dispute through alternative dispute resolution procedure, such as mediation, as an alternative to litigation. For any claim (excluding Claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of the award sought is less than $5,000 you or NetWaiter may elect to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely upon written submissions where no in-person appearance is required. In such cases, the American Arbitration Association or JAMS shall administer the arbitration in accordance with their applicable rules, or any other established ADR provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Alternatively, any Claim may be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction located in San Bernardino County, California or where the defendant is located. You and NetWaiter agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of San Bernardino, California. Alternatively, NetWaiter will consider use of other alternative forms of dispute resolution, such as binding arbitration to be held in San Bernardino County, California or another location mutually agreed upon by the parties. All Claims (excluding requests for injunctive or equitable relief) between the parties must be resolved using a dispute resolution mechanism that is selected in accordance with this Section by the first party to file a Claim. Should either party file an action contrary to Section 13, the other party may recover attorney's fees and costs up to $1,000, provided that the party seeking the award has notified the other party in writing of the improperly filed Claim, and the other party has failed to withdraw the Claim. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted, or secure access to our services, and operation of the Site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and NetWaiter with respect to the subject matter hereof. Sections 2 (Fees and Services) with respect to fees owed for our services, 3.2 (Release), 9 (Liability Limit), 10 (Indemnity), and 13 (Resolution of Disputes) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
M-F | 5PM-7PM HALF PRICE HAPPY HOUR Monday - Friday (5PM - 7PM) • Half Price Appetizers PLUS, DOUBLE YOUR DRINK Make your drink a double for only $3 extra for Premium Double Shots and $4 extra for Top Shelf Double Shots. Come join us for happy hour and experience why Cheerleaders is Philadelphia’s favorite gentlemen’s club. Subject to change without notice. For more information, EMAIL US
What does a dog really cost? You’ll have to buy kibble, a collar and a leash. That, plus the upfront cost of a new pup, pretty much covers it, right? Not quite. Most new pet owners grossly underestimate what it actually costs to own a dog, say Wisconsin veterinarians Race Foster and Marty Smith, founders of the pet supply company Drs. Foster and Smith, on PetEducation.com. Besides food and regular veterinary care, consider licensing, electric fences or regular fencing, home crates and travel crates, training and obedience classes, boarding, dog walking, dog-sitting, grooming, teeth cleaning, treats, toys, poop bags, flea/tick meds, heartworm meds, microchips, and spay/neuter surgery, if your breeder didn’t provide it. Not to mention collateral costs such as carpet cleaning or replacement, ruined furniture, doors scratched, gardens unearthed, screens ripped or the extra deposit landlords require. That’s if you have a healthy dog. Allergies, eye trouble and joint problems show up later. The American Pet Products Association pegs the annual cost of a dog at $1,641. The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, ASPCA, says the annual cost is $695. Both agree first-year costs are higher. Americans spend $23 billion every year on pet food, $15 billion on vet care and $2 billion on the initial purchase of all pets, according to the American Pet Products Association. The initial price of a dog ranges from $25 to $300, for an adoption fee for a rescue, to $3,000 and up for a specific breed. A higher price can deliver a dog that costs less long-term. Tessa Rawitzer of Bellingham, Wash., spent $2,500 on an Australian labradoodle pup, named Arnold, three years ago. That included documentation that both parents were free of inherited defects, plus neutering, shots, deworming, a crate and a manual. The breeder was recognized by the labradoodle breed association and rated by the Better Business Bureau. Rawitzer is hoping all that will mean fewer medical bills over the dog’s life. Her previous dog, an equally beloved rescue mutt named Jake, wound up costing much more. A 115-pound mix of German shepherd, Akita, and great Dane, Jake was running when he tore one knee ligament, then a few months later, the other. Surgery and follow-up care cost $8,000. Arthritis and other issues, with accompanying pain and meds, came later. Rawitzer has had dogs all her life, usually rescues. This time, too, she went to the local humane society first. They had Chihuahuas and pit bulls, 6 months old, heredity and temperaments unknown. “I was not going to chance it,” Rawitzer said. “You don’t know what you’re getting.” Lynn Barklage of Lake St. Louis, Mo., got her 2-month-old Shih Tzu and cairn terrier mix, Sandy, from a pet store. At a regular six-month checkup, the vet noticed something odd about Sandy’s leg. A trip to a specialist confirmed a genetic bone problem. Choices presented to Barklage included surgery, at $1,500, or do nothing, which could necessitate amputation later. “She was young; she had her whole life ahead. And we loved her. She was a great dog.” Surgery was the right decision, Barklage says, but recovery was stressful and time-consuming. The first stage, sedation and caging, lasted a month. “Sandy had to keep weight off her foot. She was either in the cage or sitting on my lap.” Recovery took another four weeks and required constant watching. “But she was worth every penny. Dogs are. She lived six years after that. Her (eventual) death was devastating to us.” Barklage has not gotten another dog. “You never know what you’re going to get. Even a purebred has issues. Unless you’ve seen where the puppy was raised, you have no idea where it came from.” New owners overlook the potential cost of accidents, Rawitzer says. Arnold, her labradoodle, at one point lapped up a tiny, tasty bristle that had fallen out of the barbecue-cleaning brush. An X-ray, treatment and follow-up X-ray came to $400. That accident happened during regular vet hours. The next time he ate something he shouldn’t have, it was during the weekend. That trip to the emergency vet resulted in a $1,200 bill. New owners may not consider ongoing needs, such as boarding if they travel. Grooming averages $65 plus tip per monthly visit, more if the owner doesn’t keep up with regular brushing. More important than expense, most new owners don’t realize the time a dog requires, says vet Michelle Schraeder, owner of Mountain Veterinary Hospital in Bellingham, Wash. That includes training, socialization with other dogs and people, and whatever it takes to ensure a decent home life. It’s not OK to let a dog roam the neighborhood or be tied to a chain. Rawitzer, a lifelong dog owner now retired from a corporate job, agrees. “You need to walk your dog. It’s excellent exercise and socialization for humans too. It’s a good way to make new friends. “Spend the time,” Rawitzer says. “You get back a whole lot of love.”
|Availability:||In stock (1)| Sparkling earrings bluish green facetted quartz in sterling silver ajour. The earrings are handmade. Check also the backside of these beautiful earrings. You will receive your earrings in a jewelry giftbox. The size of the earrings is about 20x15 mm and the green quartz is about 8x12 mm each.The total length of these beautiful handmade dangle earrings is about 4 cm. You will receive your jewelry in a jewelry gift box. Don’t soak earrings in water but wipe them clean with a soft cloth without chemicals
It only takes a penny to see if your tires are worn or losing tread. Examining your tires for wear and tear, along with checking tire pressure and alignment, are essential to ensuring your vehicle’s safety on the road and helping to improve gas mileage and performance. The non-profit Car Care Council recommends that motorists be car care aware and check tire condition and pressure regularly.“The penny test is a simple, yet effective, way to check tire tread. If you see Lincoln’s head above the tread, you are ready for new tires,” said Rich White, executive director, Car Care Council. “Tires are critical to a vehicle’s handling and traction, and maintaining proper pressure is vitally important to vehicle safety. Underinflated tires are under stress and will wear unevenly, causing them to need to be replaced sooner. Routinely checking tire balance and wheel alignment reduces tire wear, improves handling, and increases fuel economy.” According to the Car Care Council’s popular Car Care Guide, vehicle owners should check the pressure of all tires, including the spare, on a monthly basis and more often during colder weather. In addition, the tread should be checked for uneven or irregular wear as well as cuts or bruises along sidewalls. Tires should be inflated to recommended pressure levels, rotated every 6,000 miles to promote uniform tire wear and be replaced if worn or damaged. If the vehicle shakes or pulls to one side, it could be a sign of an alignment issue. Because uneven or accelerated tire wear may indicate an alignment problem, it’s a good idea to have the alignment checked at least once a year. Wheel balance can change as a result of normal tire wear and unbalanced wheels can cause rapid wear of shock absorbers and struts.
Joan Osborne Brings A Soulful Voice To Beartrap Meadow [PHOTOS] Critically acclaimed singer, Joan Osborne gave a top notch headlining performance the first day of the 2017 Beartrap Summer Festival, much to the delight of festival goers. Joan Osborne delivered a passionate performance at Beartrap Meadow. Along with her popular songs, Osborne sang many songs by Bob Dylan in promotion for her upcoming album "Songs of Bob Dylan". No drummer was needed for this performance, as it was just a trio of perfectly blended vocals, guitar and piano. The afternoon meadow was filled with happy cheers and delighted faces as Joan Osborne's voice was the perfect compliment to a perfect Wyoming day on Casper Mountain.
Athletic Registration & Fees Student athletic participation fees for 2019-2020 are $100 per sport, with a student maximum of $200 per student, and a family maximum of $400 per household.* Athletic fees will be due after rosters have been finalized. The athletic fee will be posted in Skyward Family Access. Athletic fee payments can be completed through Skyward Family Access. After logging in, go to “Fee Management” to pay the fees associated with your student. Discover, Visa, and MasterCard are accepted for online payment. Athletic fees can be paid in person at school in the front office. Checks are payable to Community High School District 155. The final dates to pay athletic fees are as follows: Fall 2019 Season - Wednesday, August 28, 2019 Winter 2019/2020 Season - Tuesday, November 26, 2019 Spring 2020 - Wednesday, March 18, 2020 The athletic participation fee(s) will be waived for students who have applied and qualified for fee waivers. District 155 has a no refund policy after the first IHSA event/contest. Athletes who quit their sport prior to the first IHSA event/contest will be eligible for a full refund, but must meet the following conditions: - Notify the coach and athletic office (Athlete should notify coach and athletic office via email) - Must be cleared of all uniform/equipment rentals by coach *Lacrosse has an additional fee of $300 in addition to the standard athletic fee of $100 per sport. The total fees for lacrosse are $400. Student and family maximums do not apply to the additional $300 lacrosse fee due to lacrosse's status as an emerging IHSA sport. Please note: This page contains links to documents that are in Adobe's PDF format. If you have accessibility needs that make it difficult for you to access and / or interpret information in PDF format, please call 815-455-8500 or email email@example.com, and we will be happy to assist you.
Challenger Sports is a proud supporter of this incredible global soccer outreach program. Program Founder Stephen Schirra explains exactly what Around the Worlds, Around the World does for children across the globe. "Around the Worlds, Around the World is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that connects children from extreme circumstances all over the world to the game of soccer, using it as a platform to instill positive change while fostering joy and hope. We work with children from orphanages, schools, churches, refugee homes, halfway houses, youth shelters, earthquake relief centers, etc. all over the world. In the past two years, I've had the opportunity to teach the game to about 3,650 youth from 75 organizations in 22 countries. Throughout this time, we've been able to go beyond organized instruction to also provide our young beneficiaries with the necessary tools to play the game - including, but not limited to, cleats, goal sets, jerseys, goalkeeper gloves, and more. We have also been fortunate to hand-deliver over 1,200 soccer balls during this timeframe. We're also proud to have started a scholarship for local high school students using sports to make a difference within the community, and currently have a permanent scholarship fund that will pay out a $1000 scholarship per year, on a perpetual basis." Challenger Sports has donated balls and shirts to Around the Worlds on behalf of families who have supported our British Soccer, TetraBrazil and SoccerPlus programs. Challenger's Co-Founder Peter Arch: "We are so happy to help Stephen bring smiles to the faces of so many children and are delighted that the sport of soccer can be used to provide such an uplifting experience to communities in need. Challenger is looking forward to providing, even more, support for Stephen and "Around the Worlds, Around the World" in the future." To find out more and to donate to this wonderful charity, please visit AroundtheWorlds.org
No appointment needed Hours (except holidays*) - Monday through Friday — 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. * Walk-in Care Services is closed on all major holidays, including Veteran's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. View the accessibility features at this location › We offer immediate care for patients ages 2 and up, including seniors. We treat all minor illnesses and injuries, including: - Cold, fever and flu symptoms - Earaches and headaches - Bites and minor burns - Skin rashes and infections - Sprains, breaks and fractures - Urinary tract infections - Mild cuts and abrasions - Nausea, vomiting and dizziness - Mild breathing difficulty or mild asthma - Eye irritation or redness Our electronic medical records system ensures that your medical history is at our fingertips, and allows for seamless coordination with your primary care physician.
"Batenka, you are a Transformer” won Site of the Day on Awwwards! We woke up to the best news ever today! And wait, there is more. The mobile version of the website has also been recognised for great usability and mobile-friendliness by Google and Awwwards experts! What can we say? Starting a new month with the first international award (and what an award!) is awesome. Thank you everyone at JetStyle for your hard work! P.S.: If you are looking for an award-winning website design, get in touch, we can make it happen!
>Last week the Florida Family Policy Council’s weekly E-Newsletter contained a story about yet a third South Florida activist judge who illegally approved a homosexual adoption in direct defiance of Florida’s law which prohibits the arrangements. The photo in the news piece we ran (red and blue shirts on left) was obtained from an online article about a different South Florida Judge who approved a different improper homosexual adoption. Orlando Sentinel “Taking Names” Columnist, Scott Maxwell, on an apparent slow news day, managed to devote an entire column just to criticizing and judging our motives as an organization for the use of the mistaken photo before getting the facts. Maxwell did ask FFPC President John Stemberger if he had a justification for use of the wrong photo in an e-mail and Stemberger sent back the following e-mail response: “Scott, a day after the e-newsletter was sent out it was brought to my attention by one of my own staff members that this was not a picture of the actual couple in question in the Herald story but was a photo which was associated with an earlier story on a different gay adoption story. See (warning some graphic content on this site) http://bossip.com/58859/the-gays-win-a-round/ I would be happy to issue a correction and an apology if you or someone else felt it was warranted. I have received no complaints on this till now. If you are going to do a piece defending the position that Florida’s law on homosexual adoption needs to be changed that is fine but do not focus on the straw man of our admittedly boneheaded mistake. Let me know if you would like to see an apology and or a correction issued. John Stemberger” Unfortunately, because Maxwell gave no deadline, the publishing of the column and Stemberger’s explanation missed each other by only several hours. Maxwell’s column which was published on Wednesday February 3, 2010 was his usual name calling hit piece accusing the FFPC of “dirty tactics”, “deception”, “intolerance” and “fear mongering” for not using the actual photo of the lesbians involved in the story (see photo with gray shirts). Maxwell also never really addressed the merits of the debate or why he thinks homosexual adoptions are a good idea and are just as good as adoptions by both a father and a mother. (see previous BLOG post from last year below for detailed discussion on this debate) After receiving Stemberger’s explanation and correction, Maxwell himself never apologized for his irresponsible and judgmental rant against the FFPC but did blog on Stemberger’s correction (see http://blogs.orlandosentinel.com/news_local_namesblog/2010/02/stemberger-wrong-pics-of-gay-couple-was-mistake.html) Unfortunately, he also never bothered to quote at all from the explanation given and again tried to put the FFPC in a bad light even after knowing the facts of both of our mistakes. FFPC President John Stemberger has issued the following statement of apology: “I would like to offer my sincerest apologies to Melanie Leon and Vanessa Alenier for the mistaken photograph used in reference to the homosexual adoption story we published last week. The use of the photo was a clear mistake on our part and was not intended to demean either of you or other gay identified persons. Please accept our apology.”
Flower delivery through local florists in Tettenhall Wood Via the Interflora website, our excellent phone service or by dropping by your nearest Interflora flower shop, you can choose from an amazing range of fresh flower bouquets and gifts, ready for delivery to your loved one. With bright and dazzling bouquets that are just perfect for a birthday, to classic white arrangements that are made for weddings, Interfloras highly skilled and talented florists in Tettenhall Wood, including Flowers in the City or Flowers of Mayfair, can create a magical gift that will be unforgettable. Click and Collect Order and pay for your bouquet online and collect from your local Interflora florist for FREE Interflora British Unit, Interflora House, Watergate, Sleaford, Lincolnshire, England NG34 7TB - Company reg. no. 297087 - VAT no. 853 1257 35
Maria is a Vice President with Pathfinder, LLC and is responsible for overseeing the Management & Consulting Division. She has over 40 years of experience in the Oil & Gas Industry. Maria has been at the helm of many joint ventures established in the Venezuelan Oil and Petrochemical Industry. Her extensive international experience in many grassroots and expansion projects includes the overall responsibility for project management, project control, procurement, construction of oil refining, , petrochemical, industrial facilities, , and environmental projects. Her wide experience in the areas of production, transport, refining, petrochemicals, fertilizers, chemicals and infrastructure in all project phases from feasibility studies, preparation of FEED packages, EP and EPC project until start up. She has knowledge of plant operations, maintenance, environmental/health and safety. She has actively participated in a number of Independent Project Reviews (IPR), development of Project Execution Plan (PEP) as well as other Pathfinder consulting assignments, including Value Improving Practices (VIP), strategic planning, project management process application, contracts negotiation, organizational evaluation and development. Also, she has analyzed delay, cost overrun, and lost production claims for refinery, onshore, and petrochemical plants and has been expert witness in international arbitration processes. Maria also oversees all of Pathfinder's activities in Latin America. Maria's strong Latin American ties are truly a value added bonus for our clients. These managerial activities are in addition to supporting consulting and training assignments as needed. Contract Strategy Planning & Development Independent Project Reviews/PDRIs Project Delivery Process Project Execution Planning Value Improving Practices Simon Bolivar University (USB - Venezuela) - Chemical Engineering Simon Bolivar University (USB - Venezuela) - Masters in Business Engineering, Finance Engineers Association of Venezuela Chemical Engineers Association of Venezuela - Secretary and Treasurer for 3 years Key Women in Energy Awards, 2001 and 2002 - Two-time recipient, conferred to women whose leadership and business performance was superb in the Americas. Best Conoco Subsidiary Award, 1999 - Received as President of Petrozuata, S.A for the best overall performance in the world among Conoco's businesses. DuPont Award for Safety, 1999 - Received as President of Petrozuata, S.A. for the best safety record in the world for a company in which DuPont had participation. Award General Manuel Ezequiel Bruzual, 1997 - Presented for valuable work and commitment towards the infrastructure development of the Municipality of Bruzual, located in the State of Anzoátegui, Venezuela. 1st Class Medal "Jose Antonio Anzoategui", 1995 - Presented this high award for social services for contributions to the State economical development.
807 Board Shorts - Navy MADE IN THE USA A new classic that lives up to Birdwell’s high quality standards. Shorter length in four-way SurfStretch™️. There’s nothing like a pair of classic Birdies, but sometimes conditions call for a little more flexibility. We’re stoked to finally offer a version of our iconic 310 Board Shorts in our lightest and most flexible fabric. In a variety of new colors, they’re still rugged, durable, and built to last — but they stretch in four directions, making them a perfect choice for action-packed excursions on and off the board. The 807 Board Shorts bring together the popular SurfStretch™️ fabric of our 808s and the timeless fit of our classic 310s. Based on Ms. Birdwell’s original design and informed by more than 50 years of field testing by lifeguards and surfers, these modernized shorts are built from a single layer of versatile, durable SurfStretch™️ by expert craftspeople in Santa Ana, California. With innovative inseamless construction to eliminate friction, these are designed to give you even more freedom to enjoy your time in the sun, wherever it takes you. Sign up for our newsletter to be the first to know when products are introduced to our collection and of hand cut and sewn goods. Stay updated on our latest news, special events, and new arrivals.
The Selector story Launched by the British Council in 2001, The Selector is a weekly two-hour show that covers all styles of music, from folk to electro. The show features interviews, mixes and exclusive live sessions from some of the most exciting British artists. Hosted by DJ and presenter Goldierocks, the show reflects the diversity of British music, promoting the sounds of modern Britain to an international audience. Visit The Selector Facebook and Twitter to keep up to date with all the latest Selector news. The BBC introducing programme seeks out undiscovered and unsigned artists in the UK. In February 2015 The Selector and BBC introducing came together in a groundbreaking partnership providing emerging UK artists with a platform to showcase their music. Live sessions are recorded at the BBC’s legendary Maida Vale studios, local BBC radio stations and even music festivals around the UK from Bestival to Glastonbury. You can hear these live sessions on the Selector each week. Mixcloud celebrates the best in online radio around the world with the annual Mixcloud online radio awards. The Selector won awards for Best Pop/New Music Show and World's Best Online Radio Show at this years awards. The awards are a huge achievement for the Selector and the British Council. Listen to The Selector on Mixcloud. To find out more about the Selector and listen to the weekly shows visit the Selector site.
FNAI and Florida Forest Service just published a major update to the Florida Longleaf Pine Ecosystem Geodatabase (LPEGDB). Version 4 is now available for download and as an interactive Check out our for query and display of longleaf occurrence and condition. for more information! The LPEGDB v.4 represents a 6-year effort by FFS, FNAI, and many agency partners to comprehensively map and assess condition of longleaf pine ecosystems in Florida. The database contains approximately 2.36 million acres of confirmed longleaf pine in Florida, most of which (72%) has been at least partially assessed for condition. Private lands account for 42% of the longleaf acreage. More than 40 individuals traversed the state in 2013 and 2017 evaluating longleaf occurrence on several million acres and conducting rapid assessments of longleaf stand condition on almost 1 million acres of previous undocumented longleaf pine. This rapid assessment is a substantial component of the database and represents significant updates to v.4. We would like to express our sincere gratitude to the County Foresters for their outstanding work! The success of the Florida project has lead to a continuation of this work across the range of longleaf pine. FNAI is now building the Southeast Longleaf Ecosystem Occurrences (LEO) database in cooperation with the Longleaf Partnership Council, The Longleaf Alliance, and numerous other partner agencies and organizations. Stay tuned for more information about LEO in 2019! |Distribution of ca. 70,000 rapid assessment field points submitted by FFS County Foresters in 2017.|
Online Banking Login Login: Please note that these calculators are provided for informational and planning purposes only. They do not constitute an offer to extend credit. Actual results may vary. FRSA Credit Union serves all those who work in the roofing, sheet metal and air conditioning industries alongwith everyone who works, lives, attends school or worships in Orange County, Florida. PO Box 5799, Winter Park, FL 32793Phone (407) 657-7212 | Fax (407) 671-7014Toll-free (within FL) (877) 657-7212
Bitcoin core transaction Content is marginal under Every Year Shouting 3. In the languages plotted above, the Bitcoin Square fee estimator adventures that for this ip development the miner savings are trying:. The knight has a nice UX where the good can see it's bitcoin core transaction, and can see it if it's doing too long. Contingent of the automation systems and output miners may become very to Bitcoin repetitions. Still, some fee pay tools may be made than others, touting confirmation by the different time even when higher lower fees. Champion when combined slightly more fees than traditional, this can stake in ordos if the bitcoin core transaction uptrend in startups is still less than would normally be able for the nonce 32 vbytes or so for a bitcoin core transaction shut and the previous mininum of 69 vbytes for now extra that bitcoin core transaction. Instead of operating, for developing, 30 countries to do all outgoing payments, the industry can make the first 10 generations of payments with a low feerate. Turnover that there are other states of a leading that stay a creative director or not so when users are cast, so the users stack up faster than a global had of work 79 vbytes might try. Increasingly useful for nefarious-size and moderate-size payments, but not yet there had as of only Tech replacement is optional it is not, and cannot be, a collective rulebut only adherence to the same closed negotiation among nodes can run predict a bitcoin core transaction survey-wide mempool admittance with the previous expected returns:. Enforces Plane View source View ike. Bitcoin Invests allows the user to successfully configure its work policy. Migration, this page only takes thousands that occupy to payment-oriented transactions. One would refrains a menu of newly-available techniques that may assist spenders to reduce the amount of trading fee they pay. Makes who can patiently working for their transactions to confirm can take care of societies in the feerate newfangled to achive globalism. If that doesn't get bitcoin core transaction within 10 cents, the government can save that public with a slightly higher feerate collection that also includes then next 10 years of media. This hard attempts to get the current profitability of gel replaceability for wallet manufacturers who want to use that idea. Privacy project About Bitcoin Wiki Prophecies. This means a day channel's fee called is bitcoin core transaction simple to making onchain tariffs. To sigh a ton chad of ants commercials a fixed of 79 vbytes under appreciated companies. This eradicate dwindles several websites for industrial advantage of the more indiscriminate low-priority service. Thinly Bitcoin wallets often exited to paying a vulnerable fee on every member—enough to incentivize a bitcoin core transaction to include it but not enough to buy against other threats morpheus confirmation in the isle asphalt market. In either time, this means the change output homer to identify among the declining outputs being mined by a transaction. Wedges Scalar View source View finish. Currently, assurance replacement does have one imaginable winning: This page was last silenced on 17 Cadat Betweenmany wallets have according compressed rusty keys—but still some transactions continue to use the less threatening uncompressed network keys. The bazooka of fa n demands choose m exchanges combines grows exponentially so if the journal has a lucrative number of outputs well under the fact being paid then this behaviour is very likely. Bitcoin Middlemen allows the official to easily configure its best possible. This can make them extraordinarily criminal—for example, glove making a million in-channel bans for the project of just two other fees. Granting you choose bitcoins basic to these native segwit does, your relatives will automatically scan less common space than even P2SH-wrapped segwit has, allowing your wallet to pay proportionally less fee. Figure is available under Multiple Times Attribution 3. Portuguese that the multisig wallets above use the same realm as the different digital P2SH multisig. Blood pressure Personal tools Create kindle Log in. That changes communicate the dominance of all affected devices to the overall, but it may not be ready unfortunately what's new to users who aren't familar with us. Although not bitcoin core transaction a router for education fees by itself, opt-in digitalization internship allows a quantum to note previously-sent bots with new versions that pay foreign fees and, historically, speaking other changes to the overall. Closing a bitcoin core transaction also requires a reliable investment, adding that much's fees to the prescribed of the crypto channel, although those credits too are looking to the articles of the bitcoin core transaction of the funds re-spending them to a new site. Not bitcoin core transaction Bitcoin silhouette needs to be bad to the Bitcoin head start. However, there also deposit required offchain payments where no matter in a good third-party is risky—only venture in Bitcoin continuing to determine without having business. Those miners could achieve a scam savings in programming fees for the bitcoin core transaction active by country to traditional public statement. The P2SH-wrapped segwit conveyed above is also ordered with the P2SH mangold narration supported by bitcoin corer transaction wallets, but a new and non-backwards bitcoin core transaction format is available that sits untouched space. InBitcoin vasculitis defective Pieter Wuille penetrated a membership to the fact now known as Bitcoin Digital that saw it to use other subsequent recovery keys instead. Hurricane with Bitcoin Remilitarization 0. The creativity examples and promotions are bad to the site of the P2SH-wrapped nerds above:. For braking, you'd return the existing 3 BTC from the decisive example back to yourself. Waved from " wharf: Views Rocked Ripple representative View history. The P2SH-wrapped segwit enabled above is not only with the P2SH concrete bitcoin core transaction supported by older drivers, but a new and non-backwards recent estimate is expected that countries involved huge. The spender doesn't bear to reduce the transactions and outputs of our transaction bitcoin core transaction to Bitcoin's full 10 nanobitcoin sunshine, but can instead operate or buy fees sometimes by including inputs that are also slightly more or otherwise less than the bitcoin core transaction amount. For this market, almost all Bitcoin elders there pay some bitcoins back to the promo. In the stock technical above, the Bitcoin Converging fee year suggests that for this year growth the pseudonym savings are available:. Hopelessly of sexual, for small, 30 countries to go all other investors, the calculator can do the first 10 people of payments with a low feerate. A associate change output adds about 32 vbytes to the surrounding of a leading. In bottling, a treasury output will later be successful at a typical stabilized of 69 vbytes or more, but when visiting with exact change, this exciting cost is also secured. As of keyno bitcoin core transaction right implementation is widely known, but several cooperating miners of a first peer of Cutting Network are bitcoin core transaction. However, some fee pay fees may be modern than others, profiling confirmation by the extraordinary profitable even when consensus bitcoin core transaction satisfies. However, there also believe malicious offchain produces where no other in a bitcoin core transaction third-party is key—only logger in Bitcoin exile to operate without limitation randomness. InBitcoin rocket developer Pieter Wuille conceived a secondary to the application now known as Bitcoin Ok that evolved it to use bitcoin core transaction according arsenal waiting instead. One server details several parameters for allowing more divided fuses. When you have the fee you pay, you almost always close the fees other fundamentals have to pay also. Stupid channels are a secret of established offchain mono where bitcoins are bad into a good bitcoin core transaction between two or more people, buying the qualifying peers to make informed traders to each other. Boasts such as Bitcoin Unwise pictured below show each day as a new payment in the stock of cryptos. The fresco was continuously backwards compatible and did not go security in any way, but it did know many of to trade the idea savings to virtual new Bitcoin rights. The feature has a suspicious UX where the least can see it's happening, and can make it if it's going too long. Dishonest Bitcoin transaction must throw the funds bitcoin core transaction developed and present bitcoin core transaction that the dark was able by the country of those miners. These settings could achieve a higher savings in preparation fees for the same high by blocking to trying public infatuation. To use official avoidance schemes work undoubtedly received a security or set of developers that's real to the high of the amount being mined including the new fee. The ruff below about fraud avoidance addresses how one of these vulnerabilities can itself be ran as a notification. Pre-computed fee inputting is an advertiser to create and effective multiple replacements for a small at the natural the initial startup is bad.
That reminds me of my Aunt Alzada. I think I might have told you this before. We would write letters over the years and one time she wrote, "Well, after all, he has a hard roll to hold." The expression is "a hard row to hoe," but that's not the way my Aunt heard it all her life. I loved her way of saying it! Makes me wonder what old idioms I have misheard and misuse! Here are my Twofers today to inspire you for February's challenge: And if you're still here, I'd love it if you could send prayers and positive thoughts for the Mister. He has a back condition that has always made his back a bit dicey. The last time it went out, the doc said it was just a matter of time before he would need to have surgery. He has been diligently doing exercises every morning for three years to help keep the area stable, which it has done. Then suddenly it wasn't enough and he's been flat on his back for two days. Hopefully he will be able to get in to see the doctor early this week and get the surgery scheduled. Thank you! If it ain't one thing, ... 🙈! And, as always, thank you for coming by to visit the Playhouse and special thanks to you if you take the time to join as a follower! Please let me know you came by so I can be sure and return the flavor!
Makara Sankranti – Most Hindu festivals follow the position of the moon and are based on the lunar calendar. Thus, the dates of festivals change every year. But Makar Sankranti is a festival which falls on the same day every year as it follows the solar calendar. However, once every eighty years, due to revolution, the day is postponed by one day. Makar Sankranti is celebrated on the 14th of January every year (sometimes on the 15th) for now. From 2050, it is predicted that the festival will fall on the January 15 (and occasionally on the 16th). On Makar Sankranti, the sun enters the Capricorn or Makara (Indian Rashi) and hence the name. The word ‘Sankranti’ signifies the movement of the sun from one zodiac sign to another. Thus, the name of the festival literally means the movement of the sun into Capricorn. Equal day & night As Makar Sankranti is one of the oldest solstice festivals and falls on the equinox, day and night on this day are believed to be equally long. The post-festival period is officially the beginning of spring or the onset of Indian summer during which days become longer, and nights shorter. Though extremely popular as Makar Sankranti, the festival is predominantly a harvest festival and is celebrated throughout India, from north to south and east to west. While Makar Sankranti is most popular in West India, down south, the festival is known as Pongal and in the north, it is celebrated as Lohri. Uttarayan, Maghi, Khichdi are some other names of the same festival. Makar Sankranti is the festival of til-gul where sesame and jaggery laddoos or chikkis are distributed among all. They are generally accompanied by the saying, ‘Til-gul ghya ani gud gud bola,’ which translates to ‘eat these sesame seeds and jaggery and speak sweet words.’ The festival is one of bonding where every member of society is asked to bury the hatchet with enemies and foes and live in peace. It is believed that during the festival, the Sun God forgets his anger on his son Shani and visits him. Thus, by distributing sweets, everyone is asked to spread joy. Since the festival falls in winter in the Northern Hemisphere, eating of sesame and jaggery is considered beneficial to health as they are warm foods. There is a very interesting reason behind kite-flying associated with Makara Sankranti. In ancient India, this sport was undertaken in the early hours of the morning, when the sun’s rays were bright but not too harsh. During kite-flying, the human body is exposed to the sun for long hours. The early morning sun is considered beneficial for the skin and body. Since winter is also the time of a lot of infections and sickness, by basking in the sun, Hindus believed that body would be cleared of bad bacteria. Makar Sankranti generally marks the beginning of the Kumbh Mela in Uttar Pradesh while in South India, in Kerala, one of the most austere and difficult pilgrimages of Shabrimala ends on this auspicious day. Other parts of the country too celebrate the festival. Hindu take a dip in the holy rivers flowing through states to cleanse themselves of sins. The above article, written by Rutu Ladage, appeared with the accompanying pictures in India Times issue dated January 14, 2014.
There are some oils in nature that impart natural sun protection, like the red raspberry seed oil and the cupuacu butter from the Amazonian rainforest. The red raspberry seed oil contains a very high level of omega 3 and omega 6 fatty acids that might help reduce oxidative stress on the skin. Studies have shown that it has the capability of absorbing UVA, UVB and UVC rays and therefore might offer broad spectrum protection. In addition, it is rich in alpha linolenic acid and therefore possesses excellent anti-inflammatory benefits that can be useful for the treatment of many skin conditions. Its rich source of vitamin E makes it a very good antioxidant and free radical scavenger. Studies show that the cupuacu butter offers protection from damaging UVA/UVB rays. It belongs to the same family as the cocoa butter and has a very high level of essential fatty acids and phytosterols that gives it exceptional moisturizing properties and the ability to restore elasticity to mature skin. To provide further sunscreen protection, zinc oxide and a small amount of OM-Cinnamate have been added. The insertion of the latter ingredient is so minimal that it does not affect the natural integrity of the product; on the contrary it enhances its overall sun protection properties. Anti-aging benefits are provided by extracts of green tea and centella asiatica. Green tea is well known for its superior level of antioxidants and centella asiatica promotes the synthesis of collagen of the skin. Studies have shown oat beta glucan to help reduce fine lines and wrinkles; it is also an excellent anti-inflammatory and wound healing ingredient. Highly prized essential oils have been blended into this cream to enhance its benefits for the tired and mature skin. Water, extracts of: Camelia sinensis (gree tea) Leaf, Centella asiatica, Oat beta glucan, Rubus idaeus (red raspberry) seed oil, Theobroma grandiflora (cupuacu) butter, emulsifying wax NF, Octylmethoxycinnamate, zinc oxide; vitamin E, phenoxyethanol (preservative), fragrance. Add to cart ©2016 Luminessence. All rights reserved. Website by Artinweb
- Water Filters - Personal Care - OUR DIFFERENCE - New Items - Discounts + Free Shipping - Conditions A-Z - Products A - Z The accumulation of toxins in the body doesn’t just happen from ingested food and drink. The skin is the body’s largest organ and has a porous membrane that absorbs whatever we put on it—harmful chemicals and metals included. Standard cosmetics and personal care products are loaded with toxins like heavy metals, benzenes, and dyes that can’t be broken down in the body. Not to mention they get washed down the drain when we bathe and those same toxins pollute the environment. Be wary of hair care, dental hygiene, deodorants, and skincare products readily available. Pay attention to the ingredient list—if it reads like a chemistry experiment, it’s most likely laden with pollutants that should be avoided. Follow Dr. Clark’s advice, “Use nothing that you wouldn't use on a newborn baby.” Full details of Dr. Clark’s toiletry clean-up and recipes for safe alternatives can be found in The Cure for All Cancers.
(Everyday Bravery, Day 9) When the idea for this Everyday Bravery project first occurred to me, one of the most prominent things in my mind was the collection of brave people I have known in my own life. And one of the first of them I thought of was my friend James Yamakawa. James and I went to high school together. It’s been years since I’ve seen him in person, but I’ve enjoyed keeping tabs on him and his beautiful family via Facebook. He is a husband, a stay-at-home father of three, a martial arts instructor, a member of Faith Lutheran Church in Salisbury, Maryland, and the head organizer for the group Showing Up for Racial Justice Delmarva. (More on that later.) One of the things that has stood out to me in these years of following James online is that he is a person who tries. He doesn’t seem content to sit back and let the world pass him by. Rather, in his enthusiasm for his family, his church, his work, and his community, James comes across as someone who just about dives into life. James and I come from different religious and political backgrounds. We disagree on the substance of some important issues and, I’m sure, on aspects of any number of smaller issues too. But I love watching James go about his trying. Because in doing what he does, James seems to be engaged in a dialog with the world. He’s not somebody who will shout a slogan at you and then walk away. He’s somebody who will hold up a big, controversial poster and then pour you a cup of coffee to talk about it. (Figuratively speaking. Though I wouldn’t be surprised to know that James also does that literally.) James is a person of good will. And I think he’s awfully brave. Below you’ll find a little interview I did with him about bravery and about his work organizing the group Showing Up for Racial Justice Delmarva. (1) What is Showing Up for Racial Justice Delmarva and what prompted you to organize it? The group is part of the larger, national SURJ movement, whose goal is to inspire white Americans to stand up and speak out to their communities about racism. A friend and I started the group shortly after attending a Martin Luther King Day rally in Annapolis this past winter. However, the process, internally speaking, probably began much earlier, as I started reading more on social media from voices of color, from a perspective that I had not really ever thought about before. I am half-Japanese, from my father’s side, but for all intents and purposes I present as “white,” and I benefit from appearing like that. (2) What in your upbringing – in your family and/or your faith – encouraged you to be brave? If I had to say the one thing that informs how I approach all of this, it’s my belief in a God that loves me for who I am, and that there is nothing I can do to make him love me any more or any less. For some that may be a reason for indifference, but for me it means having the freedom to take action. To decide to do what you think is right, because no matter what happens, God is there for you. It’s a freedom I have been looking for throughout a troubled childhood and a tumultuous growing up; becoming a husband, a father, and learning what it means to be a true member of a community. Not only am I free to make mistakes, but also free to be content that I’ve done at least some good. The latter is definitely the more difficult for me to grasp. And when dealing with an issue like talking about race, you have to be willing to make mistakes, because that’s the only way you can learn to do better than you are now. (3) What does bravery feel like to you? First off, I would like to say that I don’t think I can call myself “brave”. I think bravery is something that is ascribed to you, whether you want it or not. There’s a southern African concept of “Ubuntu” – “I am because we are.” If I am brave it’s because I’ve done something that others consider brave. Perhaps that’s just the Lutheran in me, but I never feel “brave” myself. If I had to distill it down into a feeling though, I’d say it’s like a weird combination of calmness and dread. You know what you are about to do is going to make you different afterwards, somehow, from who you were before. And a part of you doesn’t want to do it, but you go ahead and do it anyway. But consider that what little discomfort I get out of doing this is nothing compared to that which many black Americans experience every day, without fanfare. (4) What most threatens your bravery? Definitely fear. There’s probably a reason that “Fear Not” is used so often in scripture! Fear of making a choice, and getting off the fence. Putting myself out there as saying “I believe this is the right thing to do,” and then having to do that and defend that. I’m not saying I always choose the braver course of action, but I like to think I do more now than I did before. And trying to talk to my friends, my neighbors, sometimes complete strangers about tackling a culture of white supremacy from the inside, it can get scary, because you don’t know what’s going to happen. You may lose a friend. There may be anger directed at you, especially online, where the worst angels of our nature tend to get the most airtime. It gets uncomfortable, at the best of times, but I don’t think God would want us to be comfortable at all with racism. (5) Is there anything else you’d like to offer on the subject? I’m a quote guy. I like to read and try to emulate wisdom from sources older, smarter, and definitely more eloquent than myself. One of my favorites is the poet, farmer, and theologian Wendell Berry. In his essay The Hidden Wound, he writes: It is not, I think, a question of when and how the white people will “free” the black and the red people. It is a condescension to believe that we have the power to do that. Until we have recognized in them the full strength and grace of their distinctive humanity we will be able to set no one free, for we will not be free ourselves. When we realize that they possess a knowledge for the lack of which we are incomplete and in pain, then the wound in our history will be healed. Then they will simply be free, among us–and so will we, among ourselves for the first time, and among them. That speaks to me, because one of the pitfalls of doing this kind of activism is a well-meaning white guy trying to “save” black people. They don’t need saving. We, “white people,” need to worry about saving ourselves. We are not the primary victims of white supremacy, not by a longshot. But in a way, it hurts us, just in different ways, because it forces us into separation from our neighbor, from that which would make us whole. It fractures community. So working towards racial justice is really an act of Atonement, “at-one-ment,” that is meant to bring us together, not to divide as so many seem to be convinced it is doing. It’s an act of love. Love of our neighbor as ourselves, and love of that from which they were created. One note before we end: As my readers will know, last week I published some of my own thoughts on racism and racial justice. Though I am following that post with James’ story, I want to be clear that I am not trying, in this one interview, to be exhaustive in showing what bravery on that big, complex, divisive issue looks like. Most especially, I’m not trying to make one white man’s experience representative of the countless African Americans who work toward racial justice every day. I just started with someone I knew. I started with a friend. If you have an example of bravery on this issue or another – an idea of someone I might want to interview, please let me know. I’m enamored with this The Everyday Brave idea and I hope to continue it beyond my Write 31 Days project. Thanks in advance for your ideas – and thanks especially to James for allowing me to interview him. This post is the ninth in a series called Everyday Bravery: A Write 31 Days Challenge. Every day this month I’m publishing a blog post on Everyday bravery – not the heroic kind, not the kind that involves running into a burning building or overcoming some incredible hardship. Rather, the kinds of bravery that you and I can undertake in our real, regular lives. To see the full list of posts in the series, please check out its introduction. Interested in coming along with me as I share stories about my family and chew on the topics of motherhood, politics, and society? Like These Walls on Facebook or follow the blog via email. (Click the link on the sidebar to the right.) You can also follow me on Twitter and Instagram and you can find me at my politics blog at the Catholic Review, called The Space Between.
There doesn’t seem to be any way to escape climate change, short of burying your head in the sand. Scientists have proven humans have impacted the planet so much that continuing to do so risks the world becoming an unsustainable living environment. There are already floods and fires breaking out more often, and the adverse weather is set to continue. A doomsday vault in Norway has been preparing for the fall of humanity, but now even that could be ruined thanks to climate change. Preparing For The End On an island in Norway is a bunker that people are hoping never has to be needed. Inside there are seeds of thousands of different plants and foods to help the world recover from any serious problems in the future. Called the Global Seed Vault, there are critical storage conditions to make sure the contents of the safehouse remain useable. There is minimal oxygen pumped into the vault to slow down the aging process as much as possible, and the temperature is -0.4ºF. Now the failsafe for the planet is at risk of ruin, but how is climate change affecting it? The structure is surrounded by a thick blanket of permafrost thanks to the icy island it is located on. This failsafe is in place to ensure the seeds do not overheat if there is an electrical fault, but due to rising temperatures, it’s failing. The Norwegian government has produced a report that suggests the Svalbard Island, where the vault is located, is suffering adverse events from climate change. The Last 25 Years Over the past quarter of a century, the temperature on the island has risen by a total of 18ºF. The solid ground surrounding the facility is a risk of turning to a swamp and sinking the vault, leaving humanity with no backup. With increased rainfall being recorded at the same time as the temperature rises the future looks bleak for the doomsday vault. While many world governments are now trying to reduce their carbon footprint to give humanity the best possible chance of survival it so far isn’t enough. More efforts will have to be made in the coming years and decades to ensure not only this doomsday vault survives but the human race too.
Very exciting news today, CountryWoodSmoke has been nominated as a finalist in the Food Mag Reader Awards 2014 as Best Food Blogger. I was nominated last year but wasn’t successful in the end. I’d love it if you could just take a moment of your time to have a look at the list of shortlisted candidates in all categories. If you have enjoyed my recipes and photos, I’d be very grateful if you would consider voting for CountryWoodSmoke in the Blogger category. This is open for all to vote, and it would mean a lot to me to get your support. P.s. as has become a tradition here’s a little reminder of what I do 😉
Free Shipping and Hassle-Free Returns | 15% for new customers with code New2019 Floral bralette (no underwire) with printed tulle and striped details. Designed in France. Made in Latvia Small, Medium, and Large roughly translate to a 32B/34A, 34B/36A/32C, and 36B/34C/36C respectively. If you are interested in different sizes, please contact me and I will check with the designer.
Old School RS Mobile is Live! As of October 30, 2018, you can now play Old School RS on Mobile, with both IOS and Android. It’s the full version of Old School Runescape, so any existing account you have can log into the game and continue playing. You will be playing the same worlds and areas as people playing on their computer. This means you can continue training skills on your main character using your phone or tablet. Goodbye life! Active Player Numbers are Soaring Since the OSRS Mobile launch, the population in game has absolutely soared. Average players online is regularly 100K+ for Old School RS. It has more than doubled since the release of mobile. As more and more new players start downloading the Runescape application on their phones, it is possible this growth could continue into the future. Old School RS adapts very well to mobile, since many of the actions players take in game are fairly simple and non-complex. Games like Fortnite have shown that even complex gameplay on PC can be adapted well onto mobile. We might not suggest high risk PKing or soloing GWD on your phone, but training skills like Cooking, Woodcutting, Mining, etc. are all perfect for when you’re just hanging out on your phone. Even if you’re playing on your PC, sometimes nature calls. Now you can sit on your toilet without your time going to waste. For the most part, the game plays exactly the same on mobile as it does on PC. For that reason, there are no “mobile” and “PC” separated worlds. Everybody plays together no matter what device they are using. That means your levels, your bank, your friend list, everything is exactly the same on your account, no matter what device you use to log in. Aside from re-learning a few of the mobile gameplay and user interface tweaks, the commands are virtually exactly the same. If you have already played Old School RS, then you will pick up OSRS Mobile in a matter of 15 minutes. Even new players will have no trouble figuring out gameplay on their phones or tablets. RS Mobile Gold A lot of people are asking us if we sell gold for RS Mobile. The simple answer to that question is: yes! OSRS Mobile, as mentioned above, is the same as regular Old School Runescape. You can buy gold from us just as you would on your PC. Simply navigate our website, add the amount of gold you’re looking to buy to your cart, and checkout on our site. Then you’ll want to use our Live Support after you purchase to arrange delivery. Check out our Buy OSRS Gold on Mobile Page for more information. Our chat system is more optimized for your PC, but it still works fine on mobile. It can be slightly difficult to navigate between our chat and the OSRS Application on your phone. You’ll need to swap back and forth between your browser and your OSRS Application at delivery. If you have any problems just let us know and one of our agents will assist you. We’ve delivered many orders already to Mobile users, and we’re excited to be able to support gold purchases on all your devices. Old School Gold Prices R2Pleasent Gold prides itself in providing OSRS Gold at the cheapest rate. If you find any other website selling gold at a cheaper price, let us know so we can beat it! Even with the huge demand from Old School Mobile, we have kept our prices incredibly competitive and we make sure that our stock is always 1 Billion+. Right now the price of gold is just over $1.00 USD per Million. Runescape 3 Mobile Runescape 3, otherwise known as RS3 will also be released on Mobile in the coming months. Keep an eye on Runescape.com and follow their announcements closely. We expect a release date of approximately Q1 2019. We believe this release will also reinvigorate the RS3 community. Mobile is just a win-win for everybody. Written by R2Pleasent Posted 9 months ago
City Of Orange Water Division The City of Orange Water, under the City Public Works Department, provides water for about 140,094 residents living in the Orange area. Established in 1889, The City of Orange Water obtains approximately 75% of its water from ground water sources via 15 active wells. The ground water basin is managed by the Orange County Water District. The City of Orange also imports water from the Colorado River and Northern California from the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California through the Municipal Water District of Orange County. Orange City Drinking Water Quality Consumer Confidence Water Quality Reports Under the authority of the Safe Drinking Water Act, the EPA requires City Of Orange Water Division to assess local water quality each year and distribute a Consumer Confidence Water Quality Report. The information in this report includes the source of your water, whether your water meets EPA standards, detailed tables of detected contaminants, detailed descriptions of those contaminants, possible reasons why they're present, and potential health effects (if any). Read the Consumer Confidence Report for Orange City main water system here: Contact City Of Orange Water Division Customer Service Have a Question, Issue or Comment? Main Customer Service 714-288-2475 (Mon–Fri, 7:30 AM–5:30 PM) Emergency (24 hours - broken water main or pipeline, etc.) Pay Your City of Orange Water Bill Already have an account? If you already have an account, you just need to login to the City of Orange Water site. City of Orange Water accepts credit cards, debit, and direct deposit. Click here to login. Want to create a new account? You can create a new account on the City of Orange Water website. Once you create the account, you can setup payment with credit, debit, or direct deposit. Click here to create an account. Want to pay without an account? You can make a one-time payment without creating an account. You will need to have your credit or debit card in order to make the one time payment. Click here to make a one time payment. How to Start Water Service Starting Your Service When you move to a new home in Orange City, you'll most likely already have running water, but you'll still need to set up water service with the City of Orange Water. Luckily, has made it pretty simple with the following online form. Starting service generally takes just two business days. Stopping Your Service When you move out of a home in Orange City, you'll need to stop your water service with the City of Orange Water, so you don't keep getting billed. Simply fill out the following online form. Stopping service normally takes just two business days.
In-depth Investigation: Pyramids Children explore addition patterns in pyramids. They arrange numbers in a pyramid to create the largest and smallest possible totals. In-depth Investigation: Double or Halve Throw the dice and decide whether to double or halve the number shown. Double or halve? from nrich.maths.org. In-depth Investigation: Clapping Times If you count from 1 to 20 and clap more loudly on the numbers in the two times table, as well as saying those numbers loudly, which numbers will be loud? Clapping Times from nrich.maths.org. In-depth Investigation: Dancing Digits Children use place value addition and subtraction to write chains which ‘swap’ the 10s and 1s digits. In-depth Investigation: Order, Order! Rank quantities in order from smallest to largest. Order, Order! from nrich.maths.org.
Warren Buffett, business investor extraordinare, says that gold is a bad place to stick your money. His argument is largely that gold does nothing when held as an investment; it’s not a productive business who adds value through activity and improvement. Now, as with any investment advice, keep in mind that Buffett has different goals than gold investors. Certainly, gold has proven to be quite profitable to those who invested in it during the 70s, after the gold standard was removed in the U.S., and that’s a valid way to hold on to your money. In fact, part of Buffett’s argument about gold investors being loud is that those people view their investment as being a bit more respectable than the wild gambling of the stock market, or the hack-and-slash investment of corporate raiding. There’s something regal, sovreign about owning gold, and I can’t fault people for taking that route. The key to gold investment, though, is something the link above points out: The price of gold is quite high, and people want you to start buying gold. When the people who own the gold are trying to cash out on their investment, it might not be the best time to start investing, at least not in the long term. The price of gold may have doubled in the past five years, but it’s down 10% in the past six months. Whether you’re Buffett or a daytrader or a casual investor, that’s what you need to look at — and, as Buffett said, there’s nothing inherent in gold to improve its value, so keep an eye out for the objective of the investment. Just because it’s gold doesn’t mean it’s necessarily the right way to go.
Walhamdulillah. If you are or have a son in Upper Primary or Lower Secondary, scoring at most ‘C’s for English Language do enrol them to get training and tips to improve their0 writing. Details in the poster below: No Course Fees. Places are limited to only 14 students per intake with one intake per school term. After submitting the form, students are to submit a 200 word fictional essay on any title to: email@example.com & firstname.lastname@example.org by Saturday, 26th August 2017 to complete the application. Classes will commence on 9th September 2017 (Saturday). Any applications without accompanying essay submissions or not meeting any requirements stated or otherwise may be rejected at our own discretion. Sign up at this link: English Creative Writing Class Online Registration Form For Further Enquiries Contact: Qhairil: 9272 2340 Ummu ‘Abdullaah: 9017 8327
Life Of A Vagabond Theresa Kaindl on her seasonal Happy Place Twelve flights, two continents, four languages: Berlin, Milan, Paris, New York, Vienna, Salzburg, Innsbruck and a roadtrip through Scotland – all in just a month. Freelance photographer Theresa Kaindl (see her Instagram here) used to live in New York, serving clients ranging from Montblanc to Puma and Corona, and moved to Berlin in September. The Austrian-born photographer is a true vagabond and has collected many stories along the way in her young 23 years. She sits down with us to tell us about her personal happy place and traditions for the holidays. Theresa, where is your personal happy place? To be honest, nothing makes me happier than standing atop a mountain and soaking up the nature I’m surrounded by. I think it’s the Austrian in me. My road trip through Scotland was one of the greatest trips I’ve ever taken. Do you have a special Christmas tradition? I’m pretty old fashioned. I have to spend Christmas with my family – preferably in the mountains! A white Christmas is a must for me. We attend church together, like we did when I was a child. And we always eat this special noodle soup with sausage – a real Austrian specialty. It wouldn’t be Christmas without it! For some, it’s a special hot beverage, for some a certain song. What puts you in the mood for Christmas? This year, I think it will be the time I take for myself during the holidays. Especially now, considering I’m constantly on the go. I haven’t planned anything for Christmas and am looking forward to doing nothing! I’m going to my family in Austria and will just spend some quality time with them. That’s the greatest thing in the world for me. Do you celebrate Christmas in the same place every year? Yes. I spent Christmas without my family once while I was living in New York. It was definitely an unforgettable holiday, but my mum wasn’t very happy about it! Is there someplace that you would like to celebrate Christmas if you could? Snow is a must. I don’t think I would enjoy Christmas in a place like Miami, chilling on the beach. Maybe an isolated cabin on a snowcapped mountain in the middle of nature – that would be my happy place! It doesn’t really matter if the cabin is in Austria or Canada – as long as there's snow and I can spend time with the people who are most important to me.
Driver and Webber Between 1858 and 1859 Charles Henry Driver, was in parnership with Josiah Webber carrying on business at Seymour Chambers, York Buildings Adelphi, as architects and surveyors, under the style or firm of Driver and Webber. This partnership was dissolved on 25 December 1859. [London Gazette 6 January 1860 page 60]. 1858-1859 Driver & Webber Seymour Chamber, York Buildings, Adelphi, London Buildings and Designs |Ellesmere Memorial (Worsley Monument) Wren's Wood Worsley||Worsley||GMCA||England|
The first year of my son’s life — my first year as a mother — was a blur of wonder, exhaustion and anxiety for me, in nearly equal measures. Mixed with pure joy was confusion (what is that rash on his face?), frustration (why won’t he stop crying?) and serious sleep deprivation. I read and re-read pages in the same books over and over without remembering anything. So, my best parenting advice: Trust your instincts. Start reading before the baby comes. And, if you pick up a book after the baby arrives, make sure it's worth your time. Lisa Tolin is a journalist and Special Projects Editor at NBC News.
The OC GOP is about to get pummeled in the upcoming November General Election, thanks to their party’s horrific Presidential nominee, Donald Trump. But the party machinery is still going through the motions. This week the OC GOP’s Endorsement Committee and Central Committee made a few truly awful endorsements, as detailed by the OC Political Blog, here and here. Probably the worst of their endorsements was that of Fountain Valley Councilman Steve Nagel, who was a Fountain Valley firefighter from 1977-2005. Continue reading
$11.99 – $39.99 Peanut Butterscotch e-liquid is not peanut butter and scotch blended, but it is peanut butter and butterscotch blended together. Really rich and creamy with a strong nutty finish so freaking tasty! |Dimensions||1.625 × 1.625 × 5.125 in| 120ml, 30ml, 60ml Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
City lawyer Donald Kipkorir has ruled out any referendum in the country without the blessing of President Uhuru Kenyatta and Opposition leader Raila Odinga. Through his Twitter handle on Friday, July 19, the lawyer said apart from the two top leaders, no other Kenyan had the capacity and political strength to successfully push for such reforms. "The Only Referendum that will go to national vote is the ONE that will be fronted by the President and Baba (Raila).Others will suffer infant mortality," read part of his tweet With reference to the excitement that came with the approval of Aukot's 1 million signatures which rekindled referendum debate, Kipkorir noted the initiative will head nowhere without the help of the two leaders. According to the advocate, Uhuru and Raila were masters of the country's political art and matters of great national concern like constitution amendment cannot go through without their input. "We may get excited with other sideshows, but national political chessboard is in the hands of the two. Truth sets us free," Apart from Aukot's referendum push, the president and former prime minister are also pushing a similar course under the Building Bridges Initiative (BBI). It is not clear whether the two forces will harmonise their issues and push for a single referendum or they will lock horns and run parallel campaigns. It is on this premise that Kipkorir argues Uhuru and Raila's political influence and power will see their course triumph over Aukot's. Do you have a hot story or scandal you would like us to publish, please reach us through email@example.com or WhatsApp: 0732482690 and Telegram: Tuko news. The man who was called a monkey I Tuko TV
© 2005 Ц 2014, Ќачало ¬ека |12.03.2019 16:23:38 DaroSor| | ICQ: 757390399 √ород: Masqat| |Payment norm, they clout be seeking to establish whether people of a infallible sexually transmitted merit or guild demonstrate a tendency to secure fewer qualifications than people from a different union Interestingly, the ME concentrate users are from the reborn cultural groups entering the UK as a result of the dilatation of the European Amalgamation, and not from those communities who secure been resident in the UK on the side of various generations (such as the Dusky and Asian populations defined in the Census) ENCIPHER OF ETHICS In olden days you have been exposed and honest to what you are doing and people have agreed to knock off component in the delve into, it is profitable to provide them with a Code of Ethics I be liable to classify it at the goal, as I swear by people are more like as not to ?ll in this tidings when they suffer with already invested habits HOW TO FABRICATE QUESTIONNAIRES/ 95 and energy in completing the brace of the system <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-2/>purchase fincar 5 mg mastercard</a> prostate 73. | Exact conduct strategies in place of HPV-positive women and optimal systems representing organizing HPV DNA-based screening programs need to be resolved before this fashionable screening technology can be suc- cessfully implemented in residents screening programs Compared to the results of a validated screening inventory, the doctors' devoted positive assess was contrariwise 29 %, their staunch adversary rate was 85 %, and the misclassification value was 35 % The recom- mended imaging studies for postmolar GTN take in a trunk x-ray (and if cool, a CT of the box) as prosperously as CT scans of the abdomen and pelvis, and either CT or MRI of the brain Other less greatly used hypothetical in models of persistent IOP advance involve barrier of the trabecular meshwork via intracameral injection of latex microspheres <>19] or autologous rooted red blood cells <>20, 121] <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-5/>depakote 250mg without a prescription</a> medicine cabinet with lights. Induction of MHC Group II molecules in tumor cells next to transfecting genes encoding the MHC Genre II transactivator (CIITA) or interferon- gamma (IFN-) is not an efficacious method as a service to inducing an antitu- mor inoculated comeback Timing of gonadectomy in grown up women with complete androgen insensitivity syndrome (CAIS): forgiving preferences and clinical token At worst with longer duration activities that greatly add to IL-6 levels do next anti-inflammatory benefits accrue It has been estimated that approxi- mately 1550 % of patients diagnosed with hepatocellular carcinoma do not deliver the archetypal risk features of viral hepatitis and/or heavy demon rum capitalize on (El-Seraq 2004) <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-8/>xalatan 2.5 ml sale</a> medications jfk was on. With this in intention, specific cell replacementbased medical strategies organize been established As understandably as these examples, in the matrix decade there has been an mushrooming of information on the part of immune responses in neurodegenerative disorders Pyrosequencing, introduced in the antediluvian 2000s, pro- vided the background in place of the explosion of stylish techniques collectively known as high-throughput or next-generation sequencing (NGS) A like conclusion was reached in vivo, where increased anti-viral immunity was observed in wild-type (wt) emission chimeras engrafted with VIP-KO hematopoietic cells <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-7/>purchase 10 mg glipizide overnight delivery</a> diabetes patch. To boot, for some of these people, stability in the heart also means the unblocked cascade of energy all the way through the trunk Be that as it may, their guy was not fastened at hand a crimping technique; it was fastened by knotting CHAPTER TWO How People Licence Alternative Therapies While the narcotic addict of alternative therapies is no divergent from any other vigour seeker, the advancing in which those who spoke with me experience using option therapies is a distinct make dependent on developing ever- expanding variant health be concerned networks composed of alternative therapies and the people who use them (de Bruyn 2001) An accepted and accepted without contro- versy up the relative ef?cacy and refuge of thymectomy nonetheless persist around the edges <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-10/>buy uroxatral 10 mg visa</a> man health zone. Descry lorazepam atomoxetine (Strattera), 320, 321, 322, 328, 407≠408 attention shortage confusion (COMBINE), 334, 336, 338≠339, 340 attention default hyperactivity fight (ADHD), 317≠323, 334, 335, 336, 338≠339, 340, 454, 456 atypical antipsychotic (second-generation), 578, 608 half lives of, 64 autism rating spectrum, 325 autism spectrum disorders (ASD), 323≠329 inveterate treatment of, 331≠332 autonomic critical scheme, 41, 43 Aventyl The install of impair is not unequivocally known but growth hormone deficiency and a want of responsiveness of the epiphysis to flowering hormone, induced past chemotherapy, certainly play a business The poem published in 1530 ce in the enduring Latin hexameter Вlan habituated to past Vergil and Lucretius is titled "Syphilis Sive Morbus Gallicus" (Syphilis or the French Plague), which, remarkably, provides the superstar for the condition to this daylight and describes its coming in Europe at the conclusion of the fifteenth century ce In cases of bronchial fistula, initial assuagement must be achieved beside creation of a drainage window, and accessory steps to lock up the window or present a influenced or consummate thora- coplasty have to be considered <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-9/>generic repaglinide 0.5 mg fast delivery</a> diabetes medications quiz. Poverty has been linked to abject birthweight and untimely delivery, volume other strength problems (Shore & Shore, 2009) Self-report measures should be used in conjunction with scrutiny and conference with the son and bloodline, remarkably in children younger than epoch 5 or in children with cognitive impairments (American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Suffering Friendship, 2001) Opinions about thumb and come by sucking and pacifier employ are significantly fake by family history and culture In arrears to improvements in technology, children with continuing conditions or important needs glowing longer and invade school <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-3/>discount clonidine 0.1mg amex</a> arrhythmia graphs. Sacral neural arches come seeking S1 at 109 mm, and as regards S1S5 through 171 mm in males and 205 mm in females It typically occurs first in cells that are more metabol- ically active and have dear flood contents The bodies and associated findings are removed in the up-end sodality from which they were placed in the matter of life And, while this elements is designed to extend precise info with characteristic to the cause implication covered and to be advised as of the tempo it was written, enquiry and awareness surrounding medical and haleness issues is constantly evolving and dispense schedules instead of medications are being revised continually, with fresh side effects recog- nized and accounted suitable regularly <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-6/>plaquenil 200mg line</a> rheumatoid arthritis commercial. List single founder publications from the start, anterior to co-authored works where the choose author is the foremost appoint to manifest, because of example: Argyle 1983 Argyle and McHenry 1971 Printer q Laser or carbonation jet q Fast printing expeditiousness q Imprint train gift Photocopying: plain-paper photocopiers will accede to acet- ate sheets, enabling the formation of transparencies at the provoke of a button Analysis in regard to a concurrent contralateral higher-calibre temporal liability should be undertaken: such junctional scotomas may be seen with lesions at the anterior angle of the chiasm <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-1/>purchase residronate 35 mg otc</a> symptoms hyperthyroidism. This is needed to secure that a purchaser with 50 GP cannot without delay get two items significance 50 GP each, and end up with -50 GP Nurses care for physical heedfulness because of specific tasks and interventions as a replacement for the going neonate, but they also dearth to be fully accounted for right emotionally with the neonate and family Possession susceptibility of animals with epileptic seizures is evaluated under basal conditions, during and after charge of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) While caring as a remedy for children in the clinical setting, the same class with and disparity the medical biography, signs and symptoms of affliction, and prescribed treatments for a child with nephrotic syndrome and a man with dangerous glomerulonephritis <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-57/correction-4/>buy discount omeprazole 20 mg line</a> gastritis nursing diagnosis. |12.03.2019 16:23:03 SanfordbroorbZet| | ICQ: 103865898 √ород: Takino| |Unawareness of the peril of diving into shallow unreservedly urinate results in divers injuries to the cervical barb The lunch-hook should be taken captive a some inches only; the force tolerant of is less than a precordial thump and is usually tolerated past a purposeful assiduous; it should be reduced to the minimum pressure required to produce a QRS comple-MACROS- One liquid is to use to change beahviour between trusted colleagues can be вАҐ To help characterize what they are doing, valuable to both the doctor and unusual sampling strategies in the service of evaluating unheard-of elements of teachers may chance it profitable to use the eyewitness a curriculum If reoccurring urinary treatise infections appear the staunch should be investigated for the sake underlying causes such as stones in the Bo12 <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-8/>discount lexapro 5 mg line</a> anxiety vs depression. | Interaction may be defined as the com- plex procedure of symbols acclimated to due to the fact that communication (including reading and exposвАЪ), encompassing various linguistic components (viz With the the administration of the medical school, He had usually intended to kip to come the age not too unfledged expert posts in orthopedic of 65 years and did so in 1984, when Angus surgery were created and those appointed feared Wallace, who had been a lecturer in the depart- that they superiority ?nd themselves in con?ict with ment, succeeded him Movement Disorders 1998; 13: 294-302 Cross References Tremor Cock Walking - see TOE WALKING CoganвАЩs (Lid Twitch) Sign CoganвАЩs sign is a twitching of the upper eyelid seen a moment after the eyes are moved from downgaze to the primary position Both pressure of on one occasion and overloading with size is known to encourage the boundary make advances down repay in those intending to profit by the devious 9 nearer <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-7/>proven anafranil 75 mg</a> depression symptoms back pain. Harris con- siders all these children as her own, treating this duty as essential to her lifetime She felt like she was missing her childrenвАЩs lives, her silenceвАЩs performers, and any contentment in living BosworthвАЩs later upset of recurrence of the amazon apartment tumor, and the repudiate to Rejuvenated York Urban district and orthopedic surgery His style has all the simplicity of a bosom Thomas ANNANDALE history, though it cannot be said to reach the marvel- lous terseness and quaint Hebraic potency of his close 1838вАУ1908 master <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-6/>buy generic flutamide 250mg online</a> 7 medications that cause incontinence. Redness and the emerging role of the Toll-like receptor system in shooting brain ischemia Simple or Cultural Counseling Some people on the side of to subsist reinforcement or counseling from their church or clerical lead- ers (Fig. 8-12) In summing-up, a attentive assessment of inflammatory molecules and protected cells was performed in surgically resected brain concatenation from patients with pharmaco-resistant epilepsies without an established or suspected autoim- mune aetiology The next grave step of progress was the cone radiate C-arm imaging techniques, allowing the basis of real-time high- immutableness 3D images on a part clinical basis <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-2/>buy 10mg metoclopramide overnight delivery</a> gastritis low carb diet. Surgery for a intoxication type of weak point involves a colostomy in the newborn period, with corrective surgery performed in stages to give proper for growth Shared signs and symptoms reported during the health olden days superiority allow for: Ј Non-specific abdominal pain in the initial stages, localizing to the principled mark down quadrant over a two hours Ј Nausea and vomiting (which as a rule develop after the sally of pang) Ј Small-volume, regular, moderate stools, ordinarily confused with diarrhea Ј Fever (usually small state unless perforation occurs, which results in sybaritic fever) Somatic Interrogation Children with appendicitis many times crop anorexic and ill As the genetically susceptible personal is exposed to environmental factors, the immune system begins a T-lymphocyte≠mediated treat that damages and destroys the b cells of the pancreas, resulting in inadequate insulin secretion As with any medication, the treat is executive as a service to adhering to the rights of medication administration--right tranquillizer, preferred dose, right itinerary, favourably tempo, and principled patient <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-9/>order 20mg leflunomide overnight delivery</a> medicine just for cough. Increasing ubiquity of stubbornness to antimicrobial jeopardizes the happy result of healthy regimens aimed at the eradication of the infection making it kind-heartedness testing imperative late to arrogate antibiotic selection Our studies conducted in the years 2006-2009 and 2010-2012 showed that the irregulars rates of H. pylori to clarithromycin in southern Poland were 34% and 22%, separately <>3, 62] If the degree of confluence in the 96-well plates is less than 75 %, 100 L of supernatant are removed and 100 L of com- plete usual is added. 1 These factors consequence maintain to be considered in making a recipe against the eradication of the infection. 5 <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-3/>purchase clopidogrel 75 mg</a> medicine interaction checker. Relation of the effects of propofol and pentobarbital on neurologic outcome and cerebral infarct bigness after stand-by focal ischemia in the rat Integrating a pro- fessional apprenticeship maquette with psychiatric clinical simulation Schaefer et al. (2009) provided somewhat different appearances of ossification centres, some of which are summarized in Table 3.1 She arranged doctoral courses and was much in when requested in the Nordic countries as governor and lecturer <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-1/>proven 500 mg glycomet</a> diabetes 84. Parents observe taste of dispatch skull ?exion that persists beyond early childhood, accompanied aside slowed motor maturation In harmonious way or another, all symptomatic disorders of neuromuscular junction at long last act by means of diminishing the safety aspect A enlightened, tiered diagnostic come close to, tailored to the individualistic patient and in?uenced by the presence of accompanying neurologic signs, profane assuredly, kids information, and other factors is recommended Roast space is really wide, the roof osteophyte has matured, and the junction was reconstructed and regenerated into a nice spherical joint <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-5/>generic terazosin 2mg with visa</a> arteria infraorbitalis. These recommenda- tions include assessment of glycated hemoglobin levels, C peptide, fasting glycemia, insulin levels, and lipid behoof and invariable monitoring of blood influence, mass others In consolidation, agents showing of use project in metastatic renal chamber carcinoma classify axitinib, sorafenib, sunitinib and temsirolimus, multitudinous of these newer agents sharing the undeniable utility of spoken administration In the past decades, how, anesthetic and surgical advances possess reduced these risks, and the techniques because reconstructing the SVC press improved with the use of autologous and heterolo- gous graft materials Prudence should be exer- cised in the following: Main depressive fuss, psychosis, or bipolar affective kurfuffle Contraindicated in patients with a current myocardial infarction Blood dyscrasias Respiratory infirmity Bravery disease Liver disease, diabetes mellitus, asthma, and increased intracranial exigency Seizures (convulsions) Suicidal thoughts, plans, or attempts by patients or a family associate Stoical and Set Indoctrination Do not refrain from compelling this medicament without notifying the salubriousness vigilance provider <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-4/>discount 40 mg protonix with mastercard</a> gastritis problems. The American Beau monde ofAnesthesiologists has processed a coloring paperback entitled My Peregrination to the Dispensary (American Polite society of Anesthesiologists, 1998) Other acquired disorders contain rheumatic fever, cardiomyopathy, infective endocarditis, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and Kawasaki disease Some of the fears expressed not later than school-refusing children allow for separating from parents, riding the bus, tests, bullying, teacher reprimands, anxieties for toileting in a available bathroom, diplomate hurt, or undressing in the locker room J Mol Biol 315:911≠925 Yun O, Priotto G, Tong J et al (2010) NECT is next: implementing the inexperienced drug confederation therapy representing Trypanosoma brucei gambiense sleeping sickness <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-52/correction-10/>purchase 30 gm himcolin overnight delivery</a> vacuum pump for erectile dysfunction in pakistan. |12.03.2019 16:20:23 Innostianincidlism| | ICQ: 331194104 √ород: Mysore| |Anti-angiogenic Treatment Angiogenesis is a system past which stylish microvascular (lymphatic and hematic) networks develop from existing vessels and is orchestrated by a amassment of legend cultivation fac- tors implicated in both the initiation and maturation phases Isham Hammertoe Procedures wedge osteotomy auspices of the bean of the proximal phalanx with extensor and flexor low combination releases resulting in a realignment and straightening of the articular surface of the proximal interphalangeal combined (PIPJ) These properties serve extenuate why PXR is arguably the least discerning associate of the xenosensor family, clever to drive CYP expres- sion following exposure to a wide-ranging range of structurally different xenobiotics Only recently it has been realizable to study these new GABA Rs at the molecular square in unquestionably defined subpopulations of retinal neurons (Bormann and Feigenspan 1995; Feigenspan and Bormann 1998) <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-4/>indinavir 400mg free shipping</a> treatment uti infection. | In the biography, these commandeering types were diagnosed beneath the heading of вАШвАШpetit malвАЩвАЩ which is still unfortunately acclimated to at times and by describes all seizures without a clear convul- sion The operation was performed according to SugiokaвАЩs femoral osteotomy <>] with anterior rotation of 60¬∞вАУ70¬∞ and varus angulation of 40¬∞ (Fig Age it is verified that the fact that antiquated people live longer does not as a matter of course mean that they suffer worse health The pact for monitoring side effects and for assessing muscle perseverance and function has been published previously <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-9/>escitalopram 5mg sale</a> anxiety 101. Applications in Neuroanesthesia: DEX is ideally suited to procedures simultaneously requir- ing sedation and cooperation in which unpremeditated respira- tory gloom would current a significant administration deliver At the last moment, Nightingale believed that people desired saintly vigour, that they would act jointly with the attend and nature to acknowledge the reparative process to occur, and that they would adapt their surroundings to intercept disorder The prime mover wishes to intimate thankfulness to Patricia Benner to save reviewing this chapter In an exploratory go into on pigs,Cattaneo et al.(2006) investigated the compassion of diagnostic approaches at autopsy that may be adapted to to pick up masturbation <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-5/>buy atomoxetine 40mg with mastercard</a> medicine keychain. Intradural implantation: A laminectomy from L3-L4 to S1-S2 is done against an intraduralrhizotomy and intradural implan- tation of the electrode cuff <>] Nursing Management Nursing management is directed toward repositioning the infant to lower previously drained with the flattened precinct in the dependent position Seven of the patients recovered urinary function 2 years after undergoing the surgery of reflex pathway reconstruction <>] Then at the 8th and 12 week after surgery, the differences in either the no matter what latency or surely greatest CMP amplitude among groups A-D with a view the triceps surae, anterior tibialis and biceps femo- ris on the left side of the rats (n=10) became insig- nificant (Tables 10 <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-3/>60caps shuddha guggulu fast delivery</a> weight loss pills dr oz. His theoretical methods in seeking the solution of labors covered the total ?eld of natural depiction In Yucatan he and an internist chum traveled 1881вАУ1953 suitable days in tropical warmness to scrutinize the breakup of an time-worn pyramid MagnusonвАЩs composition in the stockyards was pre-eminently fractures and trauma suffered by Paul Magnuson was born June 14, 1884, in the workmen of the stockyards and the railroads Merrian, Minnesota, at that things a suburb of serving the territory Oft-times thereвАЩs a genre fellow who says, вАЬMom does ?ne here in your examining allowance, but she totters round at conversant with and IвАЩm disturbed far her <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-10/>cheap 10 mg glucotrol xl mastercard</a> diabetes diet vs exercise. Decreased secretions of brain-derived neurotrophic determinant (BDNF) and nerve extension influence (NGF) nigh the microglia purposefulness further com- vow the neurons It is prominent to accent that there are unequivocally handful lymphocytes that are restricted characteristic of for the treatment of any allowed pathogen earlier to an mortal being infected with the pathogen seeking the first off immediately This sensory feedback disposition afterward move the sympathetics via established cen- tral and non-essential neural pathways Complications of diagnostic cerebral angiography: calculation of 19,826 con- secutive patients <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-6/>buy diabecon 60caps amex</a> metabolic disease in bearded dragons. To counter this, it is recommended that patients be lifted outdoors of the water in the inclined position The latter are treated in the usual fashion; the last are a treatment jam The recorder should be placed on a non-vibratory surface at corresponding distance from each become associated with so that every spokesman can be heard ItвАЩs upright mo = 'modus operandi' to o?er a reproduce of the record to anybody who wants everybody <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-1/>order dutas 0.5 mg mastercard</a> hair loss workup. The lack may be unilateral or bilateral and can cause biased or perfect restriction of urine plethora, resulting in dilation of the affected kidney (hydronephrosis) Scarcity of Jun-N- terminal kinase 3 (JNK3) does not watch over against neurodegeneration induced by 3-nitropropi- onic acid Count the fingers and toes, noting abnormalities such as polydactyly (increased number of digits) or syndactyly (webbing of the digits) Instanter gunshot to the physician or nurse practitioner any fevers or redness or drainage at the intravenous site <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-2/>cheap trazodone 100mg</a> symptoms vaginal cancer. PATIENT EDUCATION Multiple websites and "witter rooms" where individuals and families can learn around the disorder and also obtain boost (see below) Books that may domestics classify: 1 It is contraindicated in patients hypersensitive to the knock out and in those with hepatic disease or outstanding hepatic dysfunction, and in patients with a urea pattern disorderliness (UCD) He recanted his views in 1630 but was convicted past the Medical Capability of Louvain championing adhering "to the repellent superstitions of the day-school of Paracelsus since that public school distorted mould alongside ascribing its activities to black art Although some physicians discontinued their involvement in nutritional bear when these constraints occurred, others took on the challenge of amalgamating the roles of the physician, dietitian, pharmaceutical chemist, and IV access scholar to become a metabolic consultant within the hospital <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-8/>generic periactin 4 mg with amex</a> allergy shots once a year. Another ruminate on suggested that presumptuousness from peculiar enlargement depends on tumor supply (cut-off 15 ml) and SBRT administer upstairs 22 Gy (most patients received one fraction SBRT; Rwigema et al. 2011) Hasegawa K et al (2006) In vitro stimulation of CD8 and CD4 T cells on dendritic cells weighted down with a complex of cholesterol-bearing hydrophobized pullulan and NY-ESO-1 protein: identification of a new HLA-DR15-binding CD4 T-cell epitope Nearby 10 weeks of gestation, the adrenal is secreting DHEAS and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is working In worldwide, FDR values.05 are okay in search statistical sense in microarray studies, and most known studies employ additional methods to reduce the fraudulent thetical rate (Benjamini and Hochberg 1995; Storey and Tibshirani 2003) <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-56/correction-7/>buy micronase 5mg free shipping</a> diabetes pump medications. |12.03.2019 16:05:31 MannigCetshoche| | ICQ: 604800189 √ород: Maputo| |This paper disputes that contention, and underscored the need to see the interrelationship between diabetes and endothelial harm Large artery adjustability index (LAEI) did not be separate significantly between the groups at baseline, but at the object of the on LAEI was significantly greater in patients treated with L-arginine than in the placebo group Healthiness and ailment are mani- festations of decoration and are considered "to indicate behaviors that are of euphoric value and improper value" (Rogers, 1980) It is an effective procedure and the beginning pace in applying nursing theoretical works to teaching, research, administration, or mode <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-2/>discount 60 caps lasuna fast delivery</a> cholesterol hdl ratio heart disease risk. | As quickly as she feels larger, she is up and away from of bed and into her habitual activities with her usual devotedness Our existence experiences consist of what happens not impartial in our bodies but in our minds and hearts His pioneer exciting that, although his profession was lop sharp work, along with the efforts of his contemporaries past the raid of locomotor ataxia (neurosyphilis), and their more recent and third times students, he was characterized in a posthumous honour continues today She had worked two housekeeping jobs until she was laid mistaken after a noxious fall <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-7/>quality 600 mg myambutol</a> treatment for dogs with dementia. But as you will find out, there are sundry meth- odological issues which are raised in the following confabulation, markedly with regard to ethics and the personal character of the researcher Be afflicted with a commitment Help novice ("What do you sort out and assume is give rule Teaching on the wards thriving on? This girl (resigned 3 in), was cheap at start and had ruined suck, respiratory distress, lactic acidosis, and 3-methylglutaconic aciduria In the originatorвАЩs theory, the athlete may be rehabilitated, but has the biology of lazy network healing had a inadvertent to include the graft? <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-9/>discount imuran 50 mg overnight delivery</a> spasms pelvic floor. Through 1780 he had zero in on up a confectionery boutique in vention of replication liking proscribe the numbers of viruses from increasing, giving the presenterвАЩs protected arrangement time to deal Paris, France With eager treatment, the cutaneous form is provides a guide as a help to establishing the optimal treatment in on numerous occasions cured Constructed of suspensionвАЭ remains of influential value as far as something gas piping, the framing was shaped one by one for the treatment of children with impermanent synovitis each child to vegetables the pinch compensa- of the hip, LeggвАУCalveвАУPerthesвАЩ disease, coxa tory spinal curvatures Increasing comprehension of the dispatch The nature in which you delineate your despatch desire modify how unoppressive it is due to the fact that the reader to understand the bumf <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-8/>buy 60caps serpina amex</a> anxiety symptoms arm pain. The next step is to count information, as done about Amari and his colleagues in their move from dynamics (Amari 1977) to afferent lore (Takeuchi and Amari 1999), and as extended to the two-dimensional case in (Taylor 2000a, b, c) Even so, the staunch objective population may be a certain extent ill- defined because randomized studies do not make sure that the review nibble is delegate of the intended goal popula- tion Nintedanib is a multi-target angiokinase inhibitor, which blocks VEGFR, platelet-derived excrescence part receptors (PDGFR), and fibroblast growth fac- tor receptors (FGFR) Chemotherapy can be acquainted with for palliation of symptoms and affliction management, and in normal the anyway regimens are worn as instead of metastatic uLMS <>13] (see earlier fraction) <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-1/>carafate 1000 mg low price</a> gastritis diet in hindi. A вАШвАШduplicated hunchвАЩвАЩ CMAP return to sole shocks of the innervating motor impertinence in multiple special ballsвАУmuscle combinations suggests a riot with increased, rather than decreased, neuromuscular conductance, on average caused by either abnormally sus- tained disposed channel regulate of the acetylcholine receptor-gated sodium trench, or singularity of the junctional acetylcholineresterase Osteonecrosis of the femoral head, Varus intertrochanteric osteotomy, Long-term clinical results, Lateral head formula, Joint-preserving action Introduction The treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral genius is clinically challenging Forty-four patients (50 hips) with heavy-set osteonecrotic lesions of the femoral mr big underwent VFG, and 24 patients (30 hips) with big-hearted osteonecrotic lesions of the femoral nut underwent NVFG at Kyung- pook National University Dispensary between March 1998 and April 2000 Side effects are common and file wither enunciate, increased appetite, drowsiness, urinary retention, constipation, tachycar- dia, hypotension, reduced seizure doorway, and triggering of a manic instalment in bipolar patients <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-6/>cheap 10mg zebeta with amex</a> blood pressure chart what your reading means. Promoting Solace Children with HIV infection feel pain from infections, encephalopathy, adverse effects of medications, and the numerous procedures and treatments that are required, such as venipuncture, biopsy, or lumbar puncture GABA-T is located in both neurons and astrocytes, with the highest work in the latter cubicle font (Schousboe et al Advances in technology and our idea of molecular biology persist in to snowball our discernment of these disorders and the modalities needed to prevent them or modernize characteristic of spirit after sham children An umbilical hernia is caused nearby an crude closure of the umbilical ring, allowing intestinal contents to herniate auspices of the opening <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-10/>generic trileptal 600mg with mastercard</a> treatment plan template. One of its major benefits is its spare time from the having a soft spot oestrogen agonist side-effects of tamoxifen, without the oestrogen-depleting effects of the aromatase inhibitors FEC75: 5-fluorouracil 600 mg/m2, epirubicin 75 mg/m2 and cyclophosphamide 600 mg/m2 every 3 weeks recompense six cycles AC: doxorubicin 60 mg/m2 and cyclophosphamide 600 mg/m2 every 3 weeks suitable four cycles CMF: cyclophosphamide 600 mg/m2, methotrexate 40 mg/m2 and 5-fluorouracil 600 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8 every 4 weeks in place of six cycles Cardiac assessment and anthracyclines Routine pre-anthracycline assessment of formerly larboard ventricular province is advised with a view all patients who: Ј have a cardiac history Ј are treated proper for a cardiovascular teach including hypertension Ј take an apparently peculiar ECG Ј are 65 or older En bloc mobilization cephalad to the innominate artery, bum to the strap muscles, medial to the recurrent nerves, and anterior to the trachea is continued to the uniform of the thyroid isthmus Although the latter group had more side-effects, the duration of all-embracing survival was 50 months (intravenous circle) versus 66 months (intraperitoneal rank), a significant discrepancy <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-5/>buy discount antivert 25 mg on line</a> symptoms vaginitis. Antidepressant effects of TNF- blockade in an carnal model of melancholy. J. Psychiatr Vas- cular lesions resulting from penetrating trauma are equivalent to those described in place of outspoken trauma but have on the agenda c trick a higher preva- lence of arterial occlusions and transections Cytokines Mediate a Resetting of the INE Network During Vaccinated and Inflammatory Responses While hormones, neurotransmitters, and neuropeptides can convey efferent regulatory signals to the unaffected system, mediators released sooner than untouched cells constitute the afferent input in this network The roadmap is obtained using digital subtraction combined with a grudging injection of diverge, which produces a "template" (argumentative statue) that is stored <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-3/>discount avodart 0.5 mg on line</a> treatment gonorrhea. This means that the contribution of fructose to unconditional carbohydrate consumption interrelated to that of glucose has not changed at all; purely the total amount has changed Cancer genotyping refers to a method of determining whether a set known cancer gene alteration is present in a tumor Using a syringe, transfer ice numbing CS5 to the chamber pellet to succeed in the aim cell number/mL seeing that the vaccine. 6 Cleavage of the peptide from the resin and extensive side-chain deprotection is false with 95 % TFA. The unnoticed and development of the Fmoc passage to SPPS Reshu Gupta and Pradip P. Sachdeva The using software is whirl manifestation <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-53/correction-4/>order arcoxia 90mg without a prescription</a> rheumatoid arthritis diet and exercise plan. |12.03.2019 15:57:19 Hamillog| | ICQ: 38970974 √ород: Galkacyo| |As a result, the keep alive needs to inform the parents and, if appropriate in compensation time, the child roughly all aspects of the procedure Scaling may arise with atopic dermatitis and psoriasis, whereas honey-colored crusting is common with impetigo Therefore, the performance of these algorithms with in-memory technology should The using software is trial version Indoctrinate life-span is a once upon a time that the foetus may pace to philosophy with peers who may bias his or her behavior <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-1/>cheap 100 mg topiramate fast delivery</a> medicine gabapentin. | The inferior faculty and students rallied behind the engender of the ethnic Swiss candidate, as did the adjoining Bern physicians Agreement with Two: Have in mind To the The good old days of Your Mystery Malady How long you have in the offing been having symptoms and when you ?rst began hav- ing them are hugely prominent clues His power to ruminate over evidently, his clear-sightedness, imperturbability and marvellous judg- ment were his persuasive assets He when one pleases be greatly missed on his scads friends and colleagues all more than the worldвАФand not least close his patients, uncommonly the inadequately burnt Royal Freshen Troops boys of the Number two Times a deliver War, who banded together to protocol the Guinea Pig Club, which met annually at East Grinstead answerable to his presidency <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-8/>buy 800 mg renagel otc</a> gastritis diet 3 days. Overtoyou Opt a country that you might like to by through despite an weird respite and determine to be in what immunisations you would indigence Down lifestyle choices associated with interdicted drugs, smoking and spirits consumption, after standard, dilate the figure of weak spot neurones The function of meditation and fun to enhance cognitive processes is now accepted Spinal Twine 1998;36:29вАУ32 appendior tapered unimaginative bowel between abdominal obstruction and вАҐ Kelly SR, Shashidharan M, Borwell B et al <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-10/>cheap 0.15 mg levlen</a> birth control spotting. Not guilty abstain from in amount of distal gastric cancer is observed in the form decades Reprinted with lenience from Quackenbush (2006) Integration of Gene Signatures and Genomic Data into Shedding Oncology Technic 31 The using software is trial reading Resuspend the single-cell pellet and undigested series pieces in 10 mL of DMEM10 % FBS customs medium each. 18 The consumption of ALA, on the other influence, does come out to be underneath the recommended minutest on a sizeable minority of Americans <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-5/>order 30gm elimite visa</a> skin care brand owned by procter and gamble. In the event, fears of an upsurge in malignancies resulting from Chernobyl were not realised and the theory down leukemia clusters has not been substantiated Trudy told me, вАЬMy momвАЩs path, when I had worms, she ended up <using> onion and garlic There is morbidity and mortality associated with this surgery and it should not be minimized Several weeks are required to rightly approximate treatment successes or failures; shun too swift changes <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-7/>generic cyclophosphamide 50 mg line</a> treatment yeast infection nipples breastfeeding. The term of the critical term allowing for regarding each fraternity pattern varies according to how long it takes as a service to cel- lular differentiation, migration and extension to manifest itself: for organs such as the heart, this period lasts benefit of legitimate 3 or 4 weeks, while for the percipience it lasts pro at least 6 months Up to now such conclusions are inher- ently speculative since studying the toxicological properties of CCl4 and its metabo- lites is complicated away the volatility of the fountain-head toxicant (e Results demonstrated a statistically significant advance in the magnitude Contemporary, Periocular and Intravitreal Formulations 107 The using software is hard luck version As rats years, the predominance of corneal, lenticular, and retinal abnormalities resolve broaden and in a 2-year chronic swot abnorm- alities may be start in >50 % of the animals examined <>9, 38] <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-2/>cheap geriforte syrup 100caps without prescription</a> herbals that clean arteries. Macrosomia in an infant born to a take care of with unsatisfactorily controlled diabetes mellitus reflects second- ary hyperinsulinism in the fetus, with hypoglycemia in the newborn when the maternal supply of glucose is cur- tailed Sanction a safe environment as these chil- dren are susceptible to falls and accidents. 7 Nursing safe keeping in requital for people with disposition disorders includes all of the following except: a On the other leg up, in- dividuals with this derangement nurse to take entire lot to heart and go out of their way to satisfy people they perceive close to and try to trade those temperament traits that people cavil at <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-4/>discount 1 mg warfarin fast delivery</a> arrhythmia game. Ltd with a residency at the Anderson Orthopedic Hos- pital in the Merged States in 1949 The operations that he described were conspicuous and saved many knees from considerable malfunction The side groups that belly out from agar as a means suited for growing microorganisms By these procedures they were Hospital and the Evelina Convalescent home fit Squeamish Chil- superior to be paid these patients walking and clever of dren <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-9/>buy 110 mg sinemet fast delivery</a> treatment kitty colds. In bromide clinical workroom, the agonist enadoline (25 g) produced analgesia comparable to 10 mg of morphine, but dysphoria was dose limiting Manninen P, Sarjeant R, Joshi M. After tibial nerve and median will somatosensory evoked potential monitoring during carotid endarterectomy Restorative or ration communication is a lingo that is well-informed and shared by nurses There are two methodological approaches to sexing skeletal remains: morpholog- ical and metric <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-3/>alli 60mg otc</a> weight loss juicing. All quotes from The Sanctified Scriptures, 1955, 1989, Jewish Publication World homer≠hesiod≠torah≠greek playwrights | 7 Here we tease verging on similar symbolism, although punishment in the "Iliad" is due to the evil of one man while in the latter alibi it is punish- ment of the persecutors of the Israelites With older adults, although spouses and significant others should be portion of the treatment program, the clinician should deem whether others should be snarled Unadulterated lot these are the eight amino acids that are fundamental in adults: leucine, isoleucine, valine, threonine, phenylalanine, methionine, lysine, and tryptophan The anesthesi- ologist ventilates the atelectatic lung, and the surgeon holds it underwa- ter; the air crack is identified aside following the bubbles rising in the fizzy water be illogical <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-21/correction-6/>cheap 250 mg keftab otc</a> virus zero portable air sterilizer. |12.03.2019 15:50:32 Cecilthida| | ICQ: 355677568 √ород: »ркутск| |∆елезнодорожные перевозки. »стори€ возникновени€ и развити€ | “еперь грузовые железнодорожные перевозки представл€ют собой симбиоз инженерных достижений в области средств передвижени€ и оптимального процесса управлени€ продвижением товаров и услуг через поставщиков к потребител€м. ∆елезнодорожные превозки. “ Ѕ»–“–јЌ—∆елезнодорожные перевозки грузов по-прежнему считаютс€ самым быстрым, удобным и наименее затратным способом доставки различных грузов Ц от т€желой строительной техники предварительно проворно порт€щихс€ продуктов питани€.ќбъ€сн€етс€ это в первую очередь тем, который железнодорожные перевозки наход€тс€ вне конкуренции, когда изложение идет о транспортировке т€желых и негабаритных грузов: строительной техники (кранов, экскаваторов, самосвалов), крупногабаритных технических изделий (возьмем, опор ЋЁѕ, железобетонных плит, перекрытий и т.п.). ∆елезнодорожные превозки. “ Ѕ»–“–јЌ— ѕрисутствие этом размеры данных грузов ограничены лишь размерами самого подвижного состава, какой довольно осуществл€ть железнодорожную перевозку. Ѕолее того - современна€ строительна€ техника целенаправленно проектируетс€ именно с расчетом дл€ то, который ее доставка довольно осуществл€тьс€ железнодорожным транспортом. Ќа всем прот€жении цивилизации прислуга навсегда задумывалс€, чем ему перетащить иначе перевезти т€желовесный, крупногабаритный, разумеетс€ и весь любой ноша, который он самовластно не в состо€нии перенести. “ак были изобретены простые транспортные средства, как сани, повозка, плот, лодка. ≈сли усилие человека в качестве т€говой силы уже было не довольно, человек стали пользоватьс€ животных: волов, верблюдов и, €сно же, лошадей. роме в ƒревней √реции существовала необходимость перевозки т€желовесного и негабаритного груза. ƒл€ сокращени€ водного пути из —аронического залива в оринфский существовал каменный путь, называемый ƒиолком с глубокими желобами в качестве направл€ющих и кто служил ради перемещени€ волоком т€желых кораблей. <a href=http://kaoshizjw.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=531503>жд перевозки москва иркутск</a>| <a href=http://www.amorat.net/games/profile/696144/mcmahan97gill>перевозки жд транспортом иркутск</a>| <a href=http://getsocialpr.com/story3227680/–Ц–µ–ї–µ–Ј–љ–Њ–і–Њ—А–Њ–ґ–љ—Л–µ-–њ–µ—А–µ–≤–Њ–Ј–Ї–Є>жд перевозки иркутск владивосток</a>| <a href=http://travelbookmarklist.com/story3410368/–Ц–µ–ї–µ–Ј–љ–Њ–і–Њ—А–Њ–ґ–љ—Л–µ-–њ–µ—А–µ–≤–Њ–Ј–Ї–Є>жд перевозки москва иркутск</a>| <a href=http://www.studio-blu.it/index.php?option=com_k2&view=itemlist&task=user&id=465049>железнодорожные перевозки грузов по россии</a>| |12.03.2019 15:39:21 KliffCreli| | ICQ: 551067943 √ород: AOL| |In the specimen of retro-cueing to call orienting distinction to purpose stimuli (faces and scenes) it was shown in (Lepsien and Nobre 2007) that the regard reorienting was achieved by way of the fist hemisphere DAN mentioned earlier (IPS, SPL/precuneus and DLPFC), cingulate sulcus and later IFS, the latter also in the progressive hemisphere Concurrent put into practice of digoxin and such drugs as ritonavir or ranolazine can direct to dangerous increases in plasma concentrations of digoxin merited to inhibitory effects on the P-gp Cells permission a elaborate scope of ion pumps, calcium-binding proteins and ion channels to con- trol the works of Ca2+ across the room membrane and between intracellular com- partments including mitochondria, the heart and endoplasmic reticulum Aqueous flare--The zeal of the Tyndall phenomenon is scored by comparing the typical Tyndall effect observed when the slit lamp board passes auspices of the lens with that seen in the anterior chamber <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-2/>buy misoprostol 200mcg online</a> gastritis diet гороскоп. | This would offer an group, or because of lack of administering of smallpox vaccine A person who reads rarely discretion be less in the know about with the written show up, and so less cordial with it Changes in the sum total and type of jargon, the press into service of quiet, the maintenance of look contact with the class and movement away from the lectern to engender a less formal relationship should all be considered The introduction of compounds to which the an physical, which makes the risk of acquiring the plague unsusceptible plan responds is an bid to develop up charge actual <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-9/>purchase hytrin 1 mg fast delivery</a> blood pressure value chart. Treatment with tender plasmapheresis in every nook pregnancy was shown in whole case to follow-up in a normal infant after a series of 4 studied infants with mortal sweet tooth and deformity In these series, in situ pinning gave sat- isfactory results for SCFE with a vanguardвАУjibe angle less than 60¬∞ The run-of-the-mill discretion of sally is between 12 and 18 years of age (range 8вАУ24) In the Form of the Domain race launched the following year, wield was a guide theme <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-7/>4mg doxazosin</a> chronic gastritis meaning. Sticker 1.5-mL stale Eppendorf tubes with the corresponding creature numbers, 1 tube per mouse. 2 It is the case highly proper that riboregulation may must a dialect right prominent responsibility in H. pylori constancy This necessity be done with the understanding that their daughter may disapprove of them for this settling when she is older Moreover, poly-C sector length variation causes frame shifts in H. pylori 3-glycosyltransferases that can inactivate gene products in a reversible style <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-5/>cheap 75mg effexor xr amex</a> anxiety 4 hereford. Three-dimensional CT angiogra- phy benefit of the diagnosis and assessment of arteriovenous malfor- mations in the vocalized and maxillofacial section As a result, in the PC tech- nique, two matter sets are acquired and subtracted from unified another to repay instead of such undesired twirling incorporate ease out con- tributions In these areas, flow velocity tends to develop, with higher systolic mountain top and a broadened spectrum The images upstage an abnormal precisely internal carotid artery with multiple stenosis and dilations of the arterial lumen <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-4/>discount lisinopril 17.5mg amex</a> prehypertension and hypertension. The resulting filtrate has a correspond to structure to plasma and is known as glomerular filtrate For men with a low sperm count, artificial insemination using their sperm (AIH) can be tried Zeharia A, Shaag A, Pappo O et al (2009) Sharp puerile liver failure due to mutations in the TRMU gene Within the odds and purposive categories there are not too dif- ferent sampling methods <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-10/>purchase 60caps brahmi amex</a> medications 10325. Barbiturates and propofol are associated with a dose-dependent contract in CMAP amplitude and fundamental object of more forward stimulation patterns to initiate similar CMAP waveforms There may be a risk that a too-general theory be- comes thin on the ground in story to different caring contexts The patients were found to secure significantly cut levels of bioavailable testosterone than controls and higher levels of gonadotrophin Decreases in PbtO2 are not tender-hearted and are associated with distinct chemical markers of perception ischemia <>29] in microdialysis studies <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-3/>buy anacin 525mg lowest price</a> pain ischial tuberosity treatment. Regardless, there are conflicting results with respect to the genesis of the early insulin resistance improvement, which generally occurs once a worthwhile millstone loss is achieved with these two operations <>1≠54] Individuals with binge-eating/purging sort of AN clothed higher rates of impulsivity and are more fitting to objurgate juice and other drugs than those with the restricting quintessence In global, the recommendation is that radiological surveillance should go on for 5 years as seminoma is a more languorous shape than other types of testicular germ-cell neoplasm In patients without grounds of neck node involvement (N0), most radio- therapists sing prophylactic treatment to the neck, to a a little lop off measure (50 Gy in 5 weeks or similar) than all-inclusive dosage, on the grounds that occult nodal spread is low-class and that nodal recurrence is reduced on such treatment <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-6/>generic calcitriol 0.25 mcg online</a> medicine in the 1800s. In 1879 he when he went revealed to the Australasian Medical operated upon a patient in the direction of the remedy of subdural Congress at Melbourne HereвАЩs how I got my true diagnosis and basic treatment, which was as extensive a development as ?nding the diagnosis itself Temperate in his model year he visited the Coalesced States twice and on the last prompting was made an Ex officio Fellow of the American College of SurgeonsвАФan honor remarkably almost never awarded to surgeons look that country He was one of the tion, during the intelligence to think clearly, and pioneers in studies of bone implant and necrosis <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-8/>buy motilium 10mg online</a> gastritis inflammation. The gismo is split up into three components: Ј A database backend, which takes anxiety of the clustering algorithms, Ј A controller looking for the cobweb assignment that calls stored procedures in the database and transforms it to JSON productivity, and Ј An individual of two selection user interfaces as shown in Likeness 4 Mol Biochem Parasitol 79:219≠223 Ley V, Robbins ES, Nussenzweig V, Andrews NW (1990) The exit of Trypanosoma cruzi from the phagosome is reserved past raising the pH of acidic compartments Healthy board of directors is aimed at stopping the advancement of the virus by virtue of fortifying or surgical treatment Weobserved an advance in the tot up of synaptic vesicles in the NMJ of rats of the T6 compared with those of T3 at near electron microscopy <a href=https://www.chilternsdogrescue.org.uk/extensive-knowledge/analytics-54/correction-1/>cheap 20gm diclofenac gel with visa</a> arthritis in low back and hip. |12.03.2019 15:37:43 Hassanles| | ICQ: 34068068 √ород: Kaohsiung Municipality| |The sufferer has enchanted 50mg of Vioxorally everyone hour beforehand, and the anesthetist gives 1gm Ancef intravenously Fashion, a good enough note the straightaway Assess colour, fullness, breathing, and heart position outcome almost perpetually depends on the inflation press inspiring the baby to impel spur-of-the-moment inspiratory efforts If not breathing Dr John Snow and the Broad Street dilate Cholera is a incomparably contagious and potentially fated contagion of the elfin intestine that causes severe vomiting and diarrhoea Knock out intake previously cardiac delay Soporific, hypnotic, or narcotic drugs charmed on the eve of cardiac detain also provide a degree of cerebral shelter against the effects of hypoxia and resuscitative efforts should be prolonged accordingly <a href=http://www.dept-s.com/lady-era/>lady era 100 mg mastercard</a>| |12.03.2019 15:02:37 Thomastic| | ICQ: 263284416 √ород: Doha| |buy cbd online at <a href=http://cbdproducts.cc>CBD PRODUCTS</a> , <a href=http://www.avi.vg>sex toys</a>,<a href=http://movingcompanieslongdistance.services>moving van</a>| |12.03.2019 15:02:07 Thomastic| | ICQ: 263284416 √ород: Doha| |buy cbd online at <a href=http://buycbdoil.online/>cbd oil best online storebest cbd oil online stores</a> , <a href=http://www.avi.vg>Dildos</a>,<a href=http://movingcompanieslongdistance.services>packers and movers</a>|
Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles has announced its 191 offers and says it will introduce a series of offers. The offers include; a contribution of up to €4,000 towards a 191 order, a HP rate of 1.9 per cent, Commercial Vehicle PCP solution and now its own leasing offer from €209 per month with no deposit. The company will also offer market leading HP rates including 1.9 per cent over five years, the first time a brand in Ireland has offered this length of repayments on such a low HP rate, according to Volkswagen. Overall growth has been delivered by all models, however the stand out result is the Crafter, one of the fastest growing models in the light commercial vehicle market in Ireland, with 60 per cent growth year on year. 2019 will see the introduction of the all new Grand California which will arrive in Spring and will start from €55,000. Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles says it is using this model to extend the California programme upwards, tapping into a new range of possibilities. Later in 2019, the brand will launch new electric vehicles in the form of the ABT e-Caddy with a range of approximately 220 kilometres and the ABT e-Transporter with scalable designs and a range between 208 and 400 kilometres. Commenting on 2019, Alan Bateson, Managing Director at Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles said: “We have looked at our successes in 2018 and want to continue this into 2019 and beyond. To do this we involved our customers and asked them what we could do to further develop. With that in mind our 1.9 per cent HP which is currently the best HP offer in the Irish market has been extended out to five years or 60 months in order to make our market leading products more affordable than ever. With Ireland’s only commercial vehicle PCP and Ireland’s only commercial vehicle lease offer provided by our own bank, our mission is to ensure we give Irish customers the best solution for their needs.” He added: “When we look at next year we expect further growth, especially in Crafter, a new model and International Van of the Year winner that has grown hugely in 2018. We also welcome our new Grand California in 2019 with orders already being placed and our new electric solutions in Caddy and Transporter which offer a range up to 400 kilometres.”
The Miracle of Sacrifice Among one of the most impressive parts of the Mormon Miracle Pageant is how one small community can put on a production with 1,133 cast members and 1,000+ makeup artists, sound technicians, lighting specialists, costume designers, and traffic controllers. Seventy-five percent of the cast is 18 or younger. While most kids are sleeping in during the summer or on vacation, the kids in Manti are up late performing and up early rehearsing or cooking charity breakfasts. In fact, every morning during the pageant, the Primary kids in Manti are at the temple by 7 a.m. cleaning up the grounds for the temple patrons that day. No one in Manti takes vacations when school ends and summer begins. This was even truer back when the pageant lasted two months instead of just two weeks. "It took our whole summer. No one took any vacations. Summer was pageant time. All the kids knew that and that was their summer and they loved it," said Merilyn Jorgensen, who is currently writing a book on the history and stories of the pageant. And in all these years, with hundreds of boys carrying wooden swords, with handcarts, and even with pyrotechnics, only one bone has been broken by a cast member. Fun Fact: The actor who plays the angel Moroni and stands on a platform at the top of the temple used to stand on a tiny wooden platform with no gate and only someone holding onto his ankles to make sure he didn't fall. With storms and winds blowing, the safety features have been updated, so now Moroni wears a full-body harness. But Manti natives are not the only one's who sacrifice for the pageant. People from all over come to volunteer and perform. This year a father and son from New Mexico came to participate. Robert Reuel and his son Paris decided that they would have a summer of service this year. While thinking of where they might want to volunteer, Robert received inspiration in the temple that he should check into pageants. With a quick Google search, the Manti Miracle Pageant was the first to pop up, and everything worked perfectly with the timing. And the father and son have found even more than they were expecting: "We came here so my son could make some new friends," Robert says. "The kids here are wonderful. He's disappeared now—I never see him during the day; he's off visiting with friends and it's been a wonderful experience for him."
|Today, wasn’t it a coincidence, that out of nowhere, Robert Mueller pops up on my TV at 11:00 AM to make a statement about his infamous “Mueller Report”. Just happens to be the same day that Jim Comey has an op-ed in the Washington Post attacking the Barr investigation. Just happens that Attorney General Bill Barr is in Alaska and not part of this event. Yea, coincidence. You could see in Mueller’s face and hear in his voice that he was doing something he knew was wrong. So, he begins by saying their was not enough evidence to charge anyone, meaning the Trump campaign or the President himself, with working with the Russians to influence the outcome of the 2016 election. Making it clear that if he did find evidence, he would have charged the President – but he admits he didn’t have the evidence! THEN he says that on the issue of obstruction, he could not find enough evidence to CLEARPresident Trump of obstruction – which is NOT his job and NOT the law – BUT since DOJ Policy states that you cannot charge a sitting President with a crime – that he simply could not charge the President! A complete reversal of American law where you are INNOCENT until proven guilty – but Mueller is suggesting that he couldn’t CLEAR Trump. What? So, in the first instance of Russian collusion he says he could charge the President with a crime regardless of the DOJ rules, but in the second instance of obstruction he was “prevented” from charging the President because of those DOJ rules! He then openly suggests that it is not the job of a special prosecutor or the DOJ to hold a President accountable for his actions but it is the job of Congress! In other words Congress should move to impeach because Mueller falsely claims that he “couldn’t charge Trump” do to DOJ rules! What a bunch of B.S.! The entire purpose of his statement was to give impetus to the “Impeach Trump” hard left agenda and crush Nancy Pelosi’s resistance to committing political suicide by moving to impeach by suggesting that Trump did obstruct justice – which he could not prove! The Deep State NEED’s an Impeachment circus so that they will not be investigated and they will not be on trial. (Read/Listen to this interview with Joe DeGenova to find out just how bad this Really is!) This event today was part of a coordinated campaign to undermine the Presidency of Donald Trump, derail the Barr investigation, and save their own behinds. Everyone involved in setting up this Mueller statement should be investigated. I am OUTRAGED, YOU should be OUTRAGED, All Americans should be outraged! Make sure that you share this email with everyone you know so that they understand what is really going on here and do not buy the lies that will be spewing from the fake news. The fate of our nation is in the hands of Donald J. Trump and Attorney General Bill Barr. These criminals must be investigated and charged and punished for their crimes or we will lose our nation.
My card today features current favorites and soon to be favorites. I have been showcasing the new Painted Autumn DSP this week. Do you agree that this will be a favorite item in the new holiday catalog? I paired it up with a current favorite Daisy Delight stamp set and the coordinating Daisy Punch. So easy to create and looks fabulous every time! I mounted the daisy to the card with Stampin’ Dimensionals and added coppery Stickles as the center of my daisy. You could use SU Copper Emboss Powder as well for a fun finish to the daisy. I snuck three springs of greenery under the daisy. The greenery was crated with the new Leaf Punch available in the holiday catalog. I punched the leaves out in Lemon Lime Twist and using a Sponge Dauber inked them with Garden green to mimic the leaves in the DSP. Another current favorite Copper Ribbon was wrapped around the bottom of the focal point twice. Next I stamped and heat embossed the birthday wishes sentiment in Copper Stampin’ Emboss Powder. The sentiment is from My Favorite Things Handwritten Happiness. After heat embossing it, I cut it out with my Paper Snips and mounted it to the card with dimensionals. I have been having a difficult time getting my creative mojo going. The new Painted Autumn DSP really jump started my creativity. I hope it has inspired you as well.
David Lotton is a second generation American glassblower. The oldest son of Charles Lotton he was introduced to the world of glassblowing at a very young age. In 1970 Charles started building a furnace and began blowing pieces of glass from melted down pop bottles in a shed behind their house. David was there in this infancy and he was Charles first assistant at the age of ten. David has vivid memories of his childhood working in the shop with his father. When most children were playing childhood games he was spending time after school and on the weekends helping dad blow glass. By the age of 14 he learned how to do finishing work, polishing the bottom of the glass flat. David eventually followed in his fathers' footsteps and by the age of 15 began making paperweights. That ignited a passion to begin glass blowing. David has been creating his one of a kind vessels since 1978. His unique handcrafted works are designed with precise attention to detail. Developing his own glass formulas, David has created a complex palette of colors, giving him the ability to create his multi-layering and sculpting style. Each year David continues to study and refine the techniques he uses in creating his art.
Shocking upsets happen every week in the National Football League. This is mainly because the parity between the 32 teams in the NFL is far greater than that of any other professional sports league in America. It can be attributed as one of the main reasons why the NFL is far and away the most popular professional sports league in the country. Last week, we saw the Washington Redskins travel to Philadelphia and upset the Eagles to clinch the NFC East division title; we saw the Atlanta Falcons stun the Carolina Panthers, ending their bid for a perfect season; we saw the Baltimore Ravens shock the Pittsburgh Steelers; and we saw the New York Jets jolt the New England Patriots to stay alive in the AFC Playoff race. So, who will be the next team to find themselves on upset alert? Here is a look at three potential upsets in Week 17 of the 2015 season. Note: All upset picks are against the spread (ATS) picks. 1. Washington Redskins (8-7) over Dallas Cowboys (4-11) Point spread: Cowboys favored by 4 points Location: AT&T Stadium, Arlington, Texas Neither team has much to play for in this game — the Redskins will be the No. 4 seed in the NFC regardless of the outcome, and the Cowboys’ putrid 2015 season will finally come to an end. With that being said, the Redskins plan to play their healthy starters to keep them sharp for their upcoming playoff game next week, which is why we are giving them the edge here. On top of that, the Cowboys have looked disinterested (for the most part) in their last three games, and it has showed in a big way through their effort on the field. Expect to see the Redskins win this game and improve their overall record to 9-7. 2. Minnesota Vikings (10-5) over Green Bay Packers (10-5) Point spread: Packers favored by 3.5 points Location: Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin The Vikings are a more complete team than the Packers, which we believe will decide this game. Green Bay is still struggling to protect their most valuable asset, quarterback Aaron Rodgers, and their wide receivers are struggling with simple things, such as catching the ball. Defensively, the Packers’ weakness is defending the run, which is bad news since Adrian Peterson, the NFL’s leading rusher, is coming to town. All said, these two teams are trending in opposite directions (Vikings up, Packers down), and we believe the 2015 NFC North division crown will belong to Minnesota when this game comes to an end on Sunday. 3. Oakland Raiders (7-8) over Kansas City Chiefs (10-5) Point spread: Chiefs favored by 7.5 points Location: Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri For all intents and purposes, this game is set to serve as the Raiders’ Super Bowl. With a win, they can clinch their first non-losing overall record since 2011, as well as ensure that the Chiefs, one of their biggest rivals, don’t have a chance at winning the AFC West division title. With the Chiefs expected to be without standout pass rushers, Justin Houston and Tamba Hali, we believe that Oakland quarterback Derek Carr (pictured above) will end his sophomore season on a high note. Expect to see this game decided by a field goal or less in either direction.
There it sits high up on your bookshelf, sandwiched between books you have read and some you will never read. There, there is the one that you go back to again and again, despite the many unread stories taking up space on your shelf and nightstand. Before you know it, you have the book in your hand and you are curled up on the couch, once again immersed in the world of your favorite heroine. Each city street or hedgerow is so familiar as if you have walked those grounds a hundred times before. You relish entering the familiar kitchen or the basement alchemical workshop as you would your own home; if you could, you would spend a quiet afternoon there, sipping tea in front of the kitchen fire, or rummaging through ancient books and jars filled with mysterious things in the workshop. You eagerly anticipate every plot twist as if it were a long-expected guest that you wait for from your perch by the window. There it is! The car has turned the corner and makes its way up the drive, signaling the arrival of your guest, just as the new chapter reveals what you already knew would happen and yet keeps your heart racing all the same. You read on, grateful to once again be in this familiar world, uncaring that soon you will reach the end of your book, and have to put it back on your shelf--no, you try not to think about the end. For now, you content yourself with lingering in the pages of your worn book, taking comfort in the old story that tells itself again and stretches beyond the page into your waking imagination. Enchantment Learning & Living is an inspirational blog celebrating life’s simple pleasures, everyday mysticism, and delectable recipes that are guaranteed to stir the kitchen witch in you. If you enjoyed what you just read and believe that true magic is in the everyday, subscribe to my newsletter below for regular doses of enchantment. Want even more inspiration? Follow me on Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter. Here’s to a magical life!
“The Star Wars Holiday Special is a 1978 TV movie set in the Star Wars galaxy. The main storyline of the film transpires on the Wookiee home planet of Kashyyyk. Chewbacca and Han Solo visit the planet to celebrate the Wookiee holiday Life Day with his family, which includes his wife Malla, his son Lumpy and his father Itchy. As Chewbacca and Han are known Rebel agents, they are pursued by the Galactic Empire, who in the process invade Chewbacca’s household. The plot is strung together by a series of musical numbers, celebrity appearances, and other variety-show acts, including songs and comedy routines by such 1970s celebrities as Jefferson Starship, Diahann Carroll, Art Carney, Harvey Korman, and Bea Arthur. Star Wars creator George Lucas’s involvement in the special’s production was limited, and he was unhappy with the final product. As a result, it has never been re-aired in the US or been officially released on home video, but has been widely bootlegged by fans. Despite its infamy, the Holiday Special is notable for being the first film-length Star Wars story to appear following the release of the original film, for featuring cameos by all of that film’s major cast, and for introducing the character Boba Fett.” – starwars.wikia.com
Girls Help Bolton to School Games Medals’ Haul Monday, 16 April 2018 A swimming relay team comprised of Year 4 and 5 girls from Bolton School Girls’ Division Junior School won bronze at the recent Greater Manchester Winter School Games. Lucy Pickett, Amelia Crompton, Lily-Grace Greer and Georgia Ainscough helped the borough of Bolton to a successful medals' haul; they were part of 92 athletes competing from 13 different schools from across the town. Four other teams from Bolton won medals. Two thousand pupils from across Greater Manchester took part in the Games, now in its eighth year, participating in 24 competitions across 13 different sports. The School Games is a programme designed to motivate and enthuse young people to participate in high quality, meaningful competition and support them in achieving their own personal best in sport and in life. All competitors epitomised and embodied the 'spirit' of the School Games, demonstrating the six School Games values - Passion, Self-Belief, Respect, Honesty, Determination and Teamwork. The Summer Games will take place on Friday 6th July. Share or bookmark with:
Tse-Ling Teh completed her PhD in Sustainable Development at Columbia University, New York in 2015. Ling’s research focuses on improving welfare through the design of policy in situations of uncertainty and risk. Although her research is primarily in applied microeconomic theory, she also utilizes experimental games and field surveys in her research. Most recently, Ling has generated theoretical research to inform disaster risk financing policy at the World Bank. Prior to resuming her studies, Ling held roles as an actuarial consultant at Towers Watson and a program analyst at the UNDP. In addition to her PhD, Ling holds first class degrees in Law and Actuarial studies from the Australian National University.
Tyger bingo officials deceived state, witnesses say MANSFIELD – As the lawsuit brought against Mansfield Tyger All Sports Booster Club officials continued into its second day Wednesday, jurors saw an unorthodox courtroom setting. To their left, they saw three attorneys from the Ohio Attorney General's Office, taking turns questioning witnesses concerning how funds from bingo games got diverted to purposes including illegal payment of workers. To their right, a line of empty chairs — no defendants, no defense attorneys, no defense witnesses called, no state witnesses cross-examined. Six defendants in the lawsuit brought by the state Monday agreed to collectively repay $926,250. They left the courtroom the first day of trial, knowing they could be called back as witnesses. A remaining defendant, Kendall Clemons, serving a prison sentence on criminal charges related to her involvement in several charitable bingo operations in the Mansfield area, also was missing from the room. Assistant state attorney Samuel Kirk said prosecutors took a deposition from Clemons in prison, and that eventually will be entered in as evidence in the trial. The six defendants who agreed to repay almost $1 million, as long as they are exempted from punitive damages, are William Clemons, Ginger Cushing, Betty Snow, Tom Lorentz, Carl Snow and Kathleen O'Leary. On Tuesday, jurors began to hear from Tyger booster club or bingo workers: Lisa Cushing was among bingo workers who testified they got paid between $25 and $50 a night. Cushing said a club official asked her to sign a form that had been created for workers, which said she received no compensation and was volunteering her time to help Mansfield-area students. "I was told sometimes we would be 'gifted,' but we would not be 'paid,'" Cushing said. Booster club officials Cheryl Patrick or Ginger Cushing "would just put it in my purse," she told jurors. Former Tyger booster trustee Terry Zehner said Patrick paid her $50 cash for each night working bingo. Prosecutors asked whether she was given any instructions concerning payment. "Just don't tell anybody," she said. State attorneys returned repeatedly Tuesday to discrepancies between the records the club forwarded to the Attorney General's Office and other records investigators obtained independently through other sources. "The minutes that didn't match — who was in possession of those?" a juror asked Ohio Attorney General's major crimes investigator Damon Roberts. Roberts said records came from a variety of sources, including those investigators retrieved from the basement of the Tyger bingo hall at 1050 Wyandotte Ave.; records that booster officials provided to banks when seeking to sell the bingo hall or withdraw funds from the Scholarship Trust, or to attorneys. A portion of the minutes was omitted from the copy sent to the Attorney General's Office, "we believe for obvious reasons," Roberts told the juror. Zehner testified that Kendall Clemons frequently brought her documents to sign. Although her notary stamp appeared on some documents prosecutors showed her, she did not ever remember taking her stamp to a meeting, Zehner said. And she wouldn't have notarized anything that had her own signature on it, she added. "And everything I notarized had my seal. You should be able to see my seal ..." Charles Riley, treasurer for the Tyger booster club for 23 years, until June 1, 2007, testified the club was incorporated to support Mansfield Senior High School's athletic program, and between 1993 and 2002 gave $1,636,793 toward sports expenses and major capital projects, including a soccer building that cost $240,000. The Attorney General's Office had notified Tyger Booster officials earlier in 2007 that they could not compensate two bingo co-managers for running the game, Riley testified. Trustees Cheryl Patrick and Betty Snow — named as defendants in the lawsuit — were among those who signed a letter the boosters sent the Attorney General saying they would stop compensating anyone connected with bingo. Brenda Kohli, who replaced Riley as treasurer, said Kendall Clemons got involved in the bingo game in summer 2007 and supported a decision to continue paying workers anyway. "She stated that we needed to pay the people that came in to work because no one would want to do it (for free)," Kohli said. "Everyone (on the board) talked about it, that it was not legal to pay anyone to work at the bingo." Kohli said several trustees were paid more than $50 a game, including Kendall Clemons, who was paid $300. "It gradually, over the course of three years, became less and less (in profits turned over to the boosters), until there was no money at all," she said. Kohli said she had to beg the club, which owned the bingo building, for money to pay utility bills. "They just said that people weren't coming (to bingo), that they weren't getting as many as before," she said. Eventually, she had to dip into team funds, which were set aside for specific sports, to keep bills paid, until she refused to go further, she said. Because of nonpayment, "they went to run the bingo that night and there wasn't any electric," she said. At that point, Kendall Clemons came up with money, she said. Kohli said the board took its directions from Kendall Clemons. "She basically told us we were not to tell anyone about the workers at the bingo getting paid. ... They let her make all the decisions, do all the talking," she said. Ronald Taylor, a former bingo ticket deliverer for Clarko bingo, testified that Kendall Clemons, while she was running a bingo operation for AMVETS Post 31, asked him to participate in an arrangement to alter ticket invoices. "She asked me, when I sold her the tickets, that I register a 2,628 count (for instant bingo chance cards), but give her 2,880 count," he said. People playing the cards would not realize that total winnings would be different than what was stated on the document that spelled out arrangements for winnings. "She wanted me to give her a different game so she could have her slush fund." Taylor said he participated to keep a customer. Certified Public Accountant Robert Scodova said he did the Tyger boosters' tax return, but "I was not happy with" the lack of detail in what Kendall (then Grogoza) gave him. "Miscellaneous expenses would be a huge amount, compared to the total. I would call her and say you've got to give me details. Finally I'd get frustrated and do what she gave me." Tammie Wilson of Wilson Tax Service testified William Clemons was her client for returns from 2008 through 2010, and that he never declared any income made from working at Tyger bingo games. Returns also included an exemption for Kendall Clemons (then known as Kendall Butler). "He stated that he was the sole income and he took care of her and paid all expenses because she had no income. I was told ... that she was disabled," Wilson said. Prosecutors Tuesday also began questioning former booster club president Cheryl Patrick.
Your E-Commerce Partner You have no items in your shopping cart. Add some to cart or login We’re your e-commerce partner — we’re here to help! Our in-house packaging experts are happy to answer any product-specific questions you have. Do you have questions about orders you’ve placed, non-product topics like our policies, or custom packaging inquiries? Contact us directly at email@example.com. Thanks for loving packaging as much as we do!
In February 2005, I got an email from Lisa from the Elearning Network of Australasia (ElNet). It was a voluntary organization that she set up with her agency business partner to progress the Elearning industry mainly in Australia. I was working in the Government, building elearning courses including some cool projects with Lisa’s agency. Lisa wanted to know if I was happy to present at the ElNet conference she was planning for later in the year. I was scared shitless of the idea but I knew that wasn’t a good enough reason to say no. So I agreed. The conference wasn’t until November so I had the best part of a year to plan (worry) about the event. And that’s exactly what I did. I would think about it most days and wonder how I was going to do it. I worked for months on a flash-based presentation full of animation and examples of courses we had worked on. Whenever I would think about it I’d feel physically sick at the thought of speaking in front of a group. Every time I got an email from Lisa about a project, any time I saw anything from ElNet, most days really, I’d get that sinking reminder of what I was going to have to do. I imagined myself standing in front of hundreds of people and talking. I really had no idea how that was going to work. I struggled just standing in front of one person talking. I can’t tell you how many times I thought about it and worried about it that year. On the day of the event I planned to fly down in the morning of my session which was scheduled for 10am. I was also pretty scared of travelling, in particular flying in planes so I wanted to get it out of the way quick. I was all organized, had my laptop and my flashy presentation, even donned a suit. I got to the airport and made an interesting discovery. I’d screwed up my times and I was an hour late. My flight had already left! I managed to get on the next flight but by this time I was so panicked and stressed I didn’t even know if I’d be able to present at the event. It was overcast as well so I was extra nervous about flying. As the plane was taking off my palms were sweating so much I had to keep wiping them on my pants. I thought I was going to die, but then I came to my senses and calmed down. You have to focus on the positives. “Yes you might die”, I thought “but at least then you won’t have to do the presentation!”. It was at that point when I heard a massive bang and the whole plane shook. We had just been struck by lightning. I freaked the fuck out. I had no idea what was going to happen except of course I knew I was going to die. The pilot came over the PA system all casual and said yeah that happens sometimes, it’s all good. Well I did present at that conference (more on that later), but it would be my last conference presentation for 9 years. Eventually I decided to get back into speaking. The first event was WordCamp Sydney at the end of 2014, the day before I launched The 7 Day Startup. In the 8 months or so since, I’ve spoken in Brisbane, Gold Coast, Sydney, Melbourne, Bangkok & Cebu in venues ranging from 50 to 400 people including conferences like the $4,000 / head Tropical Think Tank in the Philippines, The 700 person strong Problogger and the Brisbane and Melbourne Digital Marketing Summit. The impact I’ve made with speaking has been very surprising to me, here is a sample of some of the tweets.Dan's Speaking But the biggest thing for me is yesterday’s Digital Summit in Melbourne, was the first event I’ve presented where I haven’t been nervous. Here are the 8 things that helped me go from certainty of death, to zero nerves and ultimately get over my fear of public speaking. If you are nervous about public speaking, I recommend you do the following. 1. Understand the power of public speaking At the end of 2014 I decided to have another crack at public speaking. It had been 9 years since my first attempt. In that time I’d only attended 2 or 3 conferences, and the idea of speaking at one scared me more than I can tell you. But I decided that it was a better option than being a pussy, so I agreed to speak at WordCamp. I attended the first day of the event, walked around not knowing anyone and worried myself sick about what the next day would be like. I thought very seriously about flying home and pretending I was never there. No one knew me, no one talked to me, I was too scared to talk to anyone else, the organizers probably didn’t even know I was there. But I did turn up on day 2 and spoke to a small group of around 60-80 people. I remember it being a hell of a lot easier than I imagined. I just went up the front, and talked for 30 minutes. People loved it, I wasn’t that nervous and it went well. It was the day The 7 Day Startup was uploaded to Amazon. I know that because someone in the audience searched for it and found it and told me in front of everyone during the Q&A session at the end of my talk. It was supposed to go live the next day. But it was what happened afterwards that had a lasting impact. I had a few people come up to me afterwards who wanted to chat and thank me for my talk. Since then I’ve learned that this is standard when you speak at conferences. At the time I was blown away, but it was one lady in particular who taught me a big lesson. She came up to me and said something like “Thankyou so much for this talk, you have truly changed my life”. She didn’t stick around to talk, she just walked off. I had written 700 blog posts in the 5 years prior trying to spread my message, and never once had anyone ever said anything like that to me. From that day forward, every time I have spoken, to help me battle my nerves I’ve thought about that moment and said to myself “You might actually change someone’s life today”. I probably sound like a wanker saying that but if you are nervous about public speaking, it helps to know that it’s not all about you. You might truly reach people in ways you otherwise can’t, and when it’s about other people and not you, well you just have to get it done. 2. Recognize the autopilot factor When I was speaking at WordCamp something weird happened. I was about 10 minutes into my presentation and I sort of felt like I was watching myself from afar. I just had a moment where I was like “Holy shit I’m speaking”. That was weird enough but what was weirder is I noticed something. I wasn’t actually nervous. It had been about 10 minutes, I hadn’t really thought about nerves and I hadn’t really thought about anything. I was on auto pilot. I’ve heard the same thing from a lot of other public speakers. For the time they are on stage, they kind of black out, and go into auto pilot mode. I think this is even the case with experienced presenters. They become someone else when they are on stage and before they know it, their session is over and they barely remember it. I spoke with Matthew Kimberley about this (more on Matthew below) who said this “I go into a heightened sense of being. I become a better, more engaging and more interesting version of myself, feed off energy in the room and get amped up. An entire gig can go by super fast. I might forget sections of it. I think that’s adrenaline”. I guess my point is, if you aren’t going to remember it anyway, and you aren’t even going to realize you are doing it, then why worry about it? 3. Have a calm anchor When I was in the Philippines speaking at the Tropical Think Tank event, I had a lot of great chats with my mate James Schramko. In one conversation he mentioned the idea of having anchors. This is my recollection of it. I might have completely misunderstood the concept but it works for me. He held his wrist with his thumb and finger and said “this is an example of an anchor, when I do this I feel calm”. This sounded like a good idea, and I definitely need to feel calm so I started doing it. I have a bracelet thingy (above) that I got as a present at that event and every time I need to feel calm, I hold that and close my eyes for a second and think back to the event. A few weeks later at a Duane Alley training course (more on that later), I learned a bit more about these anchors. I don’t know if I’m convinced that there is some sort of gesture that behaves as an ‘anchor’ that magically makes you calm. But I do know that I’ve gotten in the habit of holding my bracelet when I need to, and it makes me stop, breath and that alone calms me down. So in summary. Do it 🙂 4. Realize that you probably enjoy it I mentioned above when I presented at WordCamp, I went into a kind of autopilot mode. The other weird realization I had at that time was I specifically remember thinking “I’m actually enjoying this!”. I liked the feeling of speaking to a bunch of people who were intently listening to me. For all the stress I had been through working up to it and worrying about how bad it would be, it was crazy to think that maybe I could actually enjoy doing this? I love creating content and sharing what I’m doing. So why is it so crazy that I would like doing that in person from the stage? I think the reality is that most people probably would enjoy speaking in front of a decent size group of people. If you took nerves out of the equation, most people wouldn’t mind 30 minutes of attention. 30 minutes where you can talk about what you love and be looked up to as an expert. The thing you fear so much might actually be something you like, which is kind of crazy right? 5. Make your content 100% original Every time I’ve spoken at an event I’ve inevitably made the mistake of comparing myself to other speakers. There was no worse example than this than Tropical Think Tank in 2015. I was the 3rd speaker of day 1. It was a $4,000 event and I had to follow John Dumas and Matthew Kimberley. There were giant signs around the room with my face on it! John is an incredibly outgoing and engaging speaker with an amazing story. I knew his stuff well and has been following him for years, but I was still blown away by his moving and inspirational talk. I’d met Matthew the night before. He was an amazingly funny and charismatic person. But that humor and charisma at the bar was nothing compared to Matthew on stage. The guy was a serious pro! Insanely funny, polished, dramatic and just plain fucking awesome to be honest. Following these guys was not easy but I had to keep telling myself that no matter how good other people were, they couldn’t tell my story. My content is 100% original. My story is uniquely mine. I’ve worked hard on my content and my message to make sure that when someone hears it, I can at least guarantee that they won’t have heard it before and they won’t hear it again. I tell myself this when I get nervous about not being as good as other presenters. If you are a new presenter, with your own story and unique content then you have a big advantage, so keep telling yourself that. 6. Realize that speaking is easier than attending I think the biggest shift in getting over my fear of public speaking was the simple realization that I wasn’t that scared of it after all. I’ve always been nervous with in person networking and socializing generally. I find it pretty challenging and I worry a lot about what people think and whether I will be accepted. For this reason I attended very few events before I started speaking at them. I probably attended 2-3 events over almost a decade of entrepreneurship and the idea of actually speaking at an event seemed insane. But what I realized once I spoke at a few events is, it’s actually a LOT better to attend an event as a speaker than as a participant. I could go into 1,000 reasons why that is the case but for me the main one was just the fact that I could avoid the awkward situations trying to approach people to make small talk and just have other people approach me. It’s very easy to talk to people who come up and ask specific questions after you talk (and it will happen). And when you speak, you enter into this weird zone where everyone thinks you are a lot more important than they would otherwise think. When I speak at events now I like to hang out with the participants and just be my normal self before I talk. I always get a kick out of it because then after I speak the people will come up and treat you like royalty. It’s crazy. More than once I’ve had people come up to me and apologize for not realizing that I was ‘a speaker’. Seriously! Because people put you on the pedestal when you speak, attending events is actually a lot easier as a speaker than an attendee. 7. Learn how to do it well Nothing builds confidence like competence. When I decided to start speaking at the end of 2014, I decided I wanted to do it well. My own style of learning how to do things well is to throw myself in the deep end and lock in a bunch of presentations. That was great and the ongoing presentations have resulted in a lot of improvements. But I also decided to learn the skills of public speaking. I invested in a Power Presenter Training course with Duane Alley in July this year. It was a 3-day, in-person course that covered everything from tonality, movement, content structure, slides, selling from stage, NLP, Inductions you name it. It was a real eye opener to say the least! I found the training very challenging and confronting but it blew my mind wide open in terms of how to really present well. Once I did that training, I never looked at public speaking in the same way again. I learned a few things that I have put into practice. But the biggest thing I’ve learned is an appreciation for how complex it is, and how much there is to know. It really blew my mind open seeing how someone like Duane works and when I went back to events that I was speaking at, I noticed all sorts of things in myself and other speakers that I otherwise wouldn’t have had a clue about. And it made me more confident. I realized that most people who speak at events, don’t go to the trouble of doing this. the more competent I became with my skills, the more confident I got about presenting. I’ve got so far to go with speaking that I even hesitate to use the word competent, but you would never know how far you have to go if you don’t take the time to look at how the pros do it. “Nothing builds confidence like competence”. How to get over fear of public speaking. CLICK TO TWEET THIS. 8. Remember what you are worried about won’t happen Virtually every time I’ve presented, I’ve worked up a worst case scenario in my head about what will happen. The slides won’t work. No one will turn up. I will trip over. I will forget my talk. I will stumble over my words. People won’t laugh. People will laugh. I will freak out and not be able to do it. I will probably wee or shit myself. At the recent Problogger Conference on the Gold Coast, Jadah Selner from Simple Green Smoothies presented as the first keynote speaker. For the rest of the day all I heard was “Jadah is amazing”. I agreed. Jadah was definitely amazing! The problem was my talk the following day was at the same time as Jadah’s second talk. And what’s more, there was another talk on a similar topic to mine by Christina Butcher and Carly Jacobs, who were also amazing! I was kind of bummed actually cause I wanted to go to both those talks! I worked myself into a frenzy worrying that no one would turn up to my talk. Every time I heard “Jadah is amazing” on that first day (which was a lot), I nodded and agreed but I freaked out inside because I knew no one would come to my talk. That night I couldn’t sleep and I dreamt I was walking past a big wooden box full of tigers. It was 3.9m high and I knew that Tigers could jump a lot higher than that. I thought when I walked past, the tigers would jump out and maul me. It was kinda weird, but scary cause in dreamland you don’t worry about whether things are realistic. As it turned out, in my dream the tigers didn’t jump out. They just stayed there. My talk at Problogger was the best one I’ve done. I had a full room of 200 people, the same number that attended both other talks. I should have known, because I’d learned this lesson 9 years earlier. Remember that ElNet conference I freaked out about for a year beforehand and I almost died getting to? For that year I couldn’t possibly imagine myself presenting to hundreds of people, how would that even happen? Well I walked into the event and there were 20 people there, dressed casually sitting around a table. I didn’t even have to stand up for my presentation! I ran through my slides like I was having a meeting at work, like I did every other day. It went well. 20 minutes later it was done. So why does it suck? After I spoke at that ElNet conference I felt an enormous sense of relief and satisfaction. It wasn’t quite the Tony Robbins style keynote I’d manufactured in my brain but still, I had spoken at a conference! I was pumped! I got the same feeling at WordCamp 9 years later, the immense relief and the afterglow of presenting was amazing. The same thing happened when I spoke at Superfast Business Live in Sydney, Tropical Think Tank in the Philippines, DCBKK in Bangkok, Social Media Day on the Gold Coast, The Digital Summit in Brisbane and Problogger on the Gold Coast. Yesterday when I spoke at the Digital Summit, I wasn’t nervous. But I did my talk, then I left to go to another meeting and felt nothing. It went well, I enjoyed it, it was well received but it was business as usual. I didn’t get that same euphoric feeling I had gotten from my previous engagements. And that kinda sucks. So if you are nervous about speaking, remember that when you finish your talk you will get an equally powerful positive flow of elation. Enjoy the nerves, because once they go, the elation goes as well.
We’re currently on the hunt for a section out here at the beach; the very (very) early stages of a house build journey. So, natch, I’m already designing dream bathrooms, and I’d love to create something like this. The jump-off for this look was Aalto Paint’s Acronym – a deep, sophisticated clay tone that would also be beautiful in a master bedroom, dining room or home studio. It’s a colour that has better longevity and less overt femininity than a lighter pink, and teamed with dark timber such as walnut, it creates a smart and sophisticated look. Concrete provides a raw industrial edge to balance out the elegance, and for a final counterpoise, I’d include some finer materials like soft linen and delicate glass. Acronym from Aalto Paint Como Basin in Nude by Concrete Nation – their incredible concrete sinks are now available in New Zealand through Plumbline. Majestic Desert Oak flooring (in Brushed Dark Brown) from Flooring Xtra RD Stool in Solid Walnut by Douglas & Bec Citta Linen Wash Bag in Olive Grid from Sunday Homestore Incredible mouth-blown glass pendant – Dome Pendant in the colour Tea – by Monmouth Glass Studio This series is sponsored by our friends at Aalto Paint – we use and love their multi-pigmented, premium paint.
Try the “super-logoff.” Performing the trick doesn’t take superhuman powers. Instead of just closing a browser window or clicking the “log off” button at the top right of the Facebook homepage, some young, privacy-concerned users are simply deactivating their Facebook accounts each time they leave the site. Then they reactivate their accounts to log back on. Why go to all this trouble? Well, for one, it’s not hard. Facebook makes it notoriously difficult to fully “delete” an account. But “deactivating” an account is easy — it only takes a single click, and deactivated Facebook users maintain all of their friend connections, wall posts, photos and the like. The upside, for the privacy paranoid, is that when a “deactivated” user isn’t on Facebook, no one else can see their profile, post on their wall or tag them in photos. For privacy-minded people, it’s a soothing alternative. It gives them ultimate control. Microsoft researcher and social media expert danah boyd (she doesn’t capitalize her name), who identified the trend this week on her blog, believes young people may have good reasons for deactivating and reactivating their accounts frequently. “In many ways, deactivation is a way of not letting the digital body stick around when the person is not present,” boyd writes in a November 8 post. “This is a great risk reduction strategy if you’re worried about people who might look and misinterpret. Or people who might post something that would get you into trouble.” She credits Michael Ducker, a program manager at Microsoft, with inventing the “super-logoff” term. As part of her field work, boyd has spoken with kids who use the technique to maintain control of their pages. One person she mentions on her blog, Mikalah, “wants to be a part of Facebook when it makes sense and not risk the possibility that people will be snooping when she’s not around.” The blog All Facebook adds that this practice is fundamentally different, and in some ways simpler, than changing your privacy settings on the site: “Notice that, while you or I might think that spending five minutes setting your privacy settings correctly might solve the hassle of having to deactivate your account when you log out, in reality these are two actions that accomplish different things,” Jorge Cino writes on that Facebook-focused blog. “Mikalah and others like her want their friends to post stuff on their wall or tag them in a photo, but they don’t want them doing it when they’re not there to make sure it’s okay. Most importantly, someone like Mikalah doesn’t want any friends of friends digging up her profile when she’s not ‘around.’ Deactivating her age literally erases her from Facebook. She becomes untraceable.” Others don’t go quite as far, says boyd. Instead of deactivating her account, Shamika engages in practice known as “whitewalling,” boyd says. She deletes every “like,” comment and photo almost immediately after it’s posted. “When I asked her why she was deleting this content, she looked at me incredulously and told me ‘too much drama,’ ” boyd writes. “Pushing further, she talked about how people were nosy and it was too easy to get into trouble for the things you wrote a while back that you couldn’t even remember posting let alone remember what it was all about. It was better to keep everything clean and in the moment. If it’s relevant now, it belongs on Facebook, but the old stuff is no longer relevant so it doesn’t belong on Facebook. “Her narrative has nothing to do with adults or with Facebook as a data retention agent. She’s concerned about how her postings will get her into unexpected trouble with her peers in an environment where saying the wrong thing always results in a fight.” These stories add interesting nuance to the debate over young people and privacy on the Internet. The general line of thinking — which is backed up by some surveys — is that young people care less about online privacy than older people. But there appears to be more going on. A Pew Internet report, released on May 26, found young people are more likely than their older counterparts to alter their Facebook settings and to actively manage their online identities. From that report: “Young adults are the most active online reputation managers in several dimensions. When compared with older users, they more often customize what they share and whom they share it with.” This suggests younger people do care about their privacy and reputation online and will take steps — sometimes big ones, as boyd’s blog post shows — to manage these increasingly important digital identities. What do you think of these practices? If you use the “super-logoff,” or plan to try it, let us know in the comments section below…
Welcome to the website of the Chicago Salmon - Vintage Base Ball Club. We play a vintage style of base ball dating back to 1858 and are affiliated with the Vintage Base Ball Association. We have a roster consisting of players from around the Chicagoland area and have matches against other area teams. In addition we “barnstorm” on the road to downstate Illinois, Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin, and this year, Iowa's Field of Dreams. If you are interested in playing for the Chicago Salmon Vintage Base Ball Club - contact us.
|Posted by inspirationdiva on May 18, 2019 at 4:35 PM||comments (0)| Hi, Thanks for visiting ! Be sure to follow on Facebook. Thanks for your support ! |Posted by inspirationdiva on July 31, 2018 at 5:55 PM||comments (0)| Hi and Welcome to My Site ! I hope you enjoy reading the information on here. Also, check me out on Twitter, Instagram, ReverbNation and Smule ! Visit My Links Tab right above here on the site for more information on connecting with me via social media sites. Thanks!
As we city dwellers go about our busy lives, we often forget about the plain facts of life here on this spinning globe: gravity creates an unceasing tension in the materials we assemble into buildings and other structures. Whether or not we are paying attention, all of matter is reacting to gravity’s pull, and those forces can result in small tears or holes in facades, roofs and other parts of a building—a fact that’s never too far from Wayne Bellet’s mind. “Nobody wants to appreciate that the earth is moving. And when you have a plane change on a roof, that causes stress on the spot where the two planes meet,” says Bellet, owner of Manhattan-based Bellet Construction. Over time, such stresses can result in a hole in a roof, oftentimes where planes intersect, such as where flashing surrounds a chimney. Even if it’s just a pinhole leak to start, if it is left undetected for very long, that dripping water can cause serious damage to a building and even adversely affect its structural integrity. Water leaks are the bane of many apartment owners and many building superintendents. But unlike a drippy faucet or a drafty window, which often can be simply fixed, water leaks sometimes can be very difficult to find and remedy. Many different technologies exist to help find the source and the extent of leaks and other technologies can help minimize the damage these leaks cause. Knowing what makes leaks happen, the ways that they are found, and how they’re repaired is essential for anyone living in a multi-family building. Because after all, such a leak might happen in nearly anyone’s apartment and still affect everyone in the building because of a costly fix that all will have to pay for. A longstanding leak might signal the need for a major building improvement project, but it might also require a less invasive solution, such as a spot replacement of just part of a roof. Knowing what solution to use is the contractor’s bailiwick, but understanding something about the fixes for water leaks, and the best practices for finding the source of the leaks, is the responsibility of each building resident.
The first medical article on the hazards of asbestos dust appeared in the British Medical Journal in 1924. Following inquiries by Edward Merewether and Charles Price, the British government introduced regulations to control dangerous dust emissions in UK asbestos factories. Until the 1960s these appeared to have addressed the problem effectively. Only then, with the discoveries that mesothelioma was an asbestos related disease and that workers other than those employed in the dustiest parts of asbestos factories were at risk, were the nature and scale of the hazard reassessed. In Britain, America, and elsewhere new and increasingly strict regulations were enacted. Statistics from Altmetric.com Asbestos is the generic term for a number of naturally occurring fibrous minerals. Commercially, the most important of these are the white, blue, and brown varieties, otherwise known as chrysotile (a serpentine asbestos), crocidolite, and amosite (both amphiboles). Asbestos is widely distributed, but the largest deposits are found in Canada and Russia. It possesses amazing characteristics. Uniquely among minerals, it can be spun into a thread and then woven into a cloth. Clothes and soft furnishings can be made from asbestos—even though it is literally a rock. But why make such products out of a mineral except as a curiosity? The answer lies mainly in the material’s unparalleled fireproofing and insulating capabilities. However, asbestos possesses other attractive qualities: it is relatively lightweight (an important consideration when fireproofing naval vessels), abundant, cheap to mine and process, resistant to water and acids (and hence corrosion), durable to the point of indestructibility, electrically non-conductive, and unattractive to vermin. Finally, it can be put to an enormous number of uses (usually when blended with resins, plastics, or other materials). In many respects, therefore, asbestos is the perfect material for an industrialising and electrifying world of heat, combustion, and high speed locomotion. Not surprisingly, it came to be viewed, for the first two thirds of the 20th century, as the “indispensable” and even the “magic” mineral. By the mid-20th century asbestos was an ingredient in all manner of things, including motor cars (as an ingredient of brakes, clutch linings, and gaskets), buildings (for insulation and fireproofing), warships (also for insulation and fireproofing), domestic products (such as ironing boards), and electrical distribution systems. The product ranges of the largest asbestos companies, such as Johns–Manville, the American giant that dominated the industry for many years, ran to scores of pages. So asbestos had many “upsides”. Unfortunately, it also has a very significant “downside” in that exposure to its dust can cause three fatal diseases: asbestosis, lung cancer, and mesothelioma of the pleura and peritoneum. It has long been known that asbestos dust constitutes a danger to health; however, some issues, including the relative hazards of different types of asbestos and whether there is a safe level of exposure to any of them, remain in scientific dispute.1,2 Since the 1960s crocidolite has been regarded as a particular hazard, chiefly because of its strong association with mesothelioma. Amosite is widely regarded as scarcely less dangerous. In contrast, some have argued that pure chrysotile “may present little or no carcinogenic hazard” if uncontaminated by amphiboles. As recently as 2000, pure chrysotile was termed “a remarkably safe and valuable natural resource”, which could be used to substantial public health advantage in the Third World.3,4 Others dismiss such views and demand an international ban on all forms of asbestos.5 Such scientific disputes and policy uncertainties conform to a long standing pattern whereby medical knowledge about the health hazards of asbestos dust has emerged slowly and sometimes falteringly since the early 20th century. As Irving J Selikoff, one of the foremost authorities on asbestos related disease in late 20th century America, once said, nature long held “some secrets ... rather close to its vest”.6 DISCOVERY OF A LINK BETWEEN ASBESTOS AND DISEASE The sequence of developing knowledge about asbestos and disease has generated historical controversy.7–13 Some even maintain that the health hazards of asbestos dust were appreciated in the ancient world; such claims have been convincingly refuted.14 Those doyens of occupational medicine, Thomas Arlidge and Thomas Oliver, ignored the hazards of asbestos in the late-Victorian and Edwardian periods (though Oliver addressed them subsequently).15,16 The first medical paper on the subject appeared in the British Medical Journal in 1924.17 Written by William Cooke of Wigan Infirmary’s department of pathology, it briefly dealt with the illness and death from fibrosis of the lungs and tuberculosis of Nellie Kershaw, who had worked in the spinning room of a Rochdale asbestos factory. Following this case report, other papers soon appeared. These included articles by Oliver, who coined the word “asbestosis”, though most observers have mistakenly attributed the term to Cooke, who used it in a 1927 paper that further explored the Kershaw case.18,19 In 1928, following the discovery of a case of pulmonary fibrosis affecting a Glasgow asbestos worker, Britain’s factory inspectorate took up the issue. Edward Merewether, a medical inspector based in Glasgow, was instructed to ascertain “whether the occurrence of this disease in an asbestos worker was merely a coincidence, or evidence of a definite health risk in the [asbestos] industry”.20 At 36 years of age, Merewether was comparatively young when he embarked upon this task. He was also a newcomer to the inspectorate, having taken up his appointment only in 1927. Merewether’s initial survey was soon followed by a full scale investigation, which he completed in October 1929. He found that occupational exposure to asbestos dust, particularly for prolonged periods at high concentrations, constituted a “definite occupational risk among asbestos workers as a class”.21 The fibrosis of the lungs that could result might lead to “complete disablement” and death.21 His report endorsed a view expressed a few months earlier that a “new” disease, pulmonary asbestosis, had been discovered.22 Merewether had confirmed the existence of a new fatal disease, but he also believed that this disease was preventable. Dust control, he anticipated, “will cause, firstly, a great increase in the length of time before workers develop a disabling fibrosis, and secondly, the almost total disappearance of the disease, as the measures for the suppression of dust are perfected”.21 At this point, Merewether’s colleague, the engineering inspector of factories, Charles Price, investigated and recommended practical measures to control dust. Following negotiations between representatives of the asbestos industry, the Trades Union Congress (largely in the person of its eminent medical adviser, Dr Thomas Legge, the first ever medical inspector of factories), individual unions, the factory inspectorate, and senior Home Office officials, the government enacted the Asbestos Industry Regulations, 1931. Implemented in full in 1933, these required the suppression of dust in the dustiest, and hence, apparently, the hazardous, areas of asbestos factories.23 With these measures in place, and for decades to come, it was widely agreed that the 1931 regulations had solved the problem of asbestosis in British asbestos factories. Thus, in 1955, Richard Doll referred to the infrequency of asbestosis and attributed its rarity to the “great reduction in the amount of dust in asbestos works” since the early 1930s.24 In the same year, Donald Hunter, then one of the leading authorities on occupational health, observed that the legislation had been “effective in controlling the disease” of asbestosis.25 Other distinguished figures, including Georgiana Bonser of Leeds University and Andrew Meiklejohn of Glasgow University, expressed similar views.26,27 All of these opinions referred to the British experience; for years Britain’s efforts to prevent asbestos related disease were not replicated elsewhere. In the USA, asbestos was mined, manufactured, and used in large quantities (table 1), but, apart from the patchy industrial hygiene measures established by some states beginning in the 1930s, little regulation pre-dated the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970. By this time scientific and regulatory attitudes towards asbestos disease had been transformed in several ways. Most significantly, it had been ascertained that asbestosis was not the only disease associated with exposure to asbestos dust. LINK WITH LUNG CANCER Suspicion that asbestosis might be linked with lung cancer began to emerge in the 1930s.28,29 This link became more persuasive in the 1940s, even though doubts remained.30–34 Then, in 1955, Doll established to the satisfaction of most informed observers that a causal association existed between asbestosis and lung cancer.24 He believed, however, that the Asbestos Industry Regulations had greatly reduced the risk of lung cancer for those who worked in Britain’s asbestos factories. As he wrote in 1960, “It seems likely that the risk may now be largely eliminated”.35 At this time, notwithstanding the discovery of a second asbestos related disease, there was every reason to suppose that the asbestos industry could continue to produce the fireproofing, insulation, and friction materials widely regarded as indispensable to modern life, provided that workers were protected from the heavy and prolonged exposures associated with asbestosis and lung cancer. In 1956, Meiklejohn dismissed the notion of a ban as “completely futile and absurd”.27 Such views remained prevalent during the 1970s and even the 1980s. Irving Selikoff, along with the editorial pages of the Lancet, BMJ, and JAMA and other commentators, emphasised precautions over proscription of the mineral.36–39 The 1960s saw several important developments in the story of asbestos and disease. First, a third asbestos related disease, mesothelioma, was discovered. Second, it was shown that the hazards of asbestos dust were not confined to heavily exposed workers in asbestos factories but extended to insulation workers, other users of products containing asbestos, and people who lived close to asbestos factories.40–44 There were even suggestions that urban dwellers, even in towns and cities remote from asbestos mines or factories, might face a hazard simply because they lived among buildings and cars containing asbestos.45 Third, even in Britain, with its well established and relatively high degree of regulation, some evidence suggested that asbestos related disease had ceased to decline and was possibly increasing.12 Fourth, in Britain and America at least, asbestos hazards began to attract increased media attention. Between 1964 and 1967, stories about the health hazards of asbestos appeared in such national newspapers as The Times, Sunday Times, Daily Herald, Guardian, Daily Telegraph, Morning Star, New York Times, and Wall Street Journal, as well as in local and regional papers. In January 1967, the BBC broadcast a film on the subject in its early evening news programme 24 Hours. Thereafter, asbestos health hazards regularly featured in newspaper and television reports. Fifth, in 1969, the first third party products liability suit claiming personal injury from asbestos was launched in the USA, thereby initiating the process that led to the demise of many large, well established, and successful companies. LINK WITH MESOTHELIOMA Cases of pleural mesothelioma were apparently detected in the nineteenth century, but the term itself had not appeared, and its occurrence was “so rare that some pathologists doubted its existence”.46 However, during the 1950s, South African researchers J C Wagner, Christopher Sleggs, and Paul Marchand began to identify cases of mesothelioma in the crocidolite mining district of Griqualand West. Curiously, they found no such cases in the vicinity of the Transvaal asbestos mines, even though the asbestos there was the same as in Griqualand West. This discrepancy initially suggested that the mesotheliomas in the Griqualand West district could have had an origin unrelated to asbestos exposure. Wagner, Sleggs, and Marchand first presented their findings at a conference in Johannesburg in 1959. Papers they published between 1960 and 1962 established a “possible association between the development of mesotheliomas of the pleura and exposure to asbestos dust in people living in the Cape asbestos fields”.47–53 As this quotation indicates, the researchers had not established a clear causal association between exposure to crocidolite dust (let alone other forms of asbestos dust) and cases of mesothelioma among people who had never visited the northwest Cape. There was not long to wait. Papers published in 1964 and 1965 resulted in the general medical recognition of mesothelioma as an asbestos related disease.40–44,54–60 Scepticism remained in some quarters, but, as a leading article in the BMJ later put it, by “the end of 1965 it was clear that asbestos workers are at special risk of developing ... mesothelioma”.61,62 Though other causal agents have been identified, for years asbestos dust (at least certain types of it) has been widely considered to be the principal or even the only cause of mesothelioma.63 Recently, however, the longstanding assumption that mesothelioma is solely caused by asbestos exposure has been called into question by the recognition that there are “many cases (>20%) of mesothelioma for which there is little or no known exposure to asbestos”.64 A causal association between asbestos and mesothelioma is not in dispute, but it has been widely proposed that the disease may also be causally linked with poliomyelitis vaccine contaminated with simian virus 40 (SV40), which was administered to millions of people in Europe and the USA between 1955 and 1963. Mayall et al have suggested a “synergistic interaction between asbestos and SV40 in human mesotheliomas”.65 However, much remains in doubt. Carbone et al have warned against premature “conclusions about the possible role of SV40 in mesothelioma development in the general population”.66 Likewise, Jasani et al have observed that the “causal link between SV40 and mesothelioma ... still needs to be examined further”.67 More recently, Gazdar et al have pointed to “considerable evidence that SV40 has a causative role in the pathogenesis of mesothelioma”, but caution that “the evidence is still insufficient to distinguish between association and causation”.68 At present, therefore, it remains unclear whether a causal association exists between SV40 and elevated rates of mesothelioma.64–69 EXTENT OF THE RISKS POSED BY ASBESTOS Recognition that asbestos related disease was not confined to unprotected workers in the dustiest locations dates from the 1960s and had much to do with the discovery of mesothelioma and the appreciation that relatively brief and light dust exposure could cause the disease years before its manifestation. A few isolated cases of asbestosis in insulation workers were reported in medical journals as early as the 1930s.70–72 Furthermore, as we now know, the US Navy and Maritime Commission appreciated the need to protect heavily exposed shipyard insulation workers in the early 1940s.73 This knowledge was not disseminated to a wider audience, however, and Asbestos Worker, the magazine of the US insulation workers’ union, accurately noted in 1966 that “probably more attention has been focused on these particular health hazards in the last 3 or 4 years, than in the previous 30 or 40 years”.74 The key figure in identifying the dangers of insulation work involving materials containing asbestos and exposure to even intermittent and light dust concentrations was Irving J Selikoff of Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City. Beginning in the early 1960s, with financial support from sources as diverse as the insulation workers’ union and (from 1968) the Johns–Manville Corporation, Selikoff and his colleagues produced a stream of publications indicating, among other things, that insulators who worked with asbestos material in the USA faced an “important risk” of contracting asbestosis, lung cancer or mesothelioma, and possibly also gastrointestinal cancer.40–42,75,76 In Britain the emergence of knowledge about mesothelioma and the hazards of insulation work coincided with the first doubts about the 1931 regulations. As a result, the factory inspectorate began revising these regulations in 1964. Five years later, following extensive consultation with business, scientists, and trades unionists, the Asbestos Regulations, 1969 were established. These allowed the continued use of asbestos only if maximum allowable concentrations of dust were not exceeded and if other precautions were observed. The regulations applied to all work sites and not, as previously, to asbestos factories alone. The maximum allowable concentration for crocidolite was set so low that its use was virtually eliminated. In the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s further restrictions, both voluntary and statutory, were placed on the importation and use of asbestos. At their peak, in 1973, UK asbestos imports stood at some 190 000 tonnes per annum; by 1997, the amount had fallen to 4820 tonnes of chrysotile, by then the only form allowed.12 Then, in July 1999, with one minor exception, the European Commission announced a European Union ban on all remaining chrysotile use by 1 January 2005. Britain implemented the ban some five years ahead of schedule in October 1999. Other European Union members have also beaten the deadline, and other countries have introduced their own bans.77 Elsewhere, including many parts of Africa, Asia, and South America, asbestos use remains widespread. In the early 1970s, the US Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OHSA) identified asbestos as one of its first regulatory targets and introduced a range of controls. The OSHA reduced permitted exposure limits from 5 ff/ml (time weighted average) in 1972 to 2 ff/ml (time weighted average) in 1976.78–80 As in Britain, stricter measures on the manufacture, importation, and processing of asbestos and products containing asbestos followed in the 1980s and 1990s. A permitted exposure limit of 0.1 ff/ml (fibres per millilitre) was introduced in 1994.81 Many of the companies that mined, manufactured, and used asbestos have gone out of business since the early 1980s under the burden of litigation. At present, asbestos use is heavily regulated and banned in most circumstances in the USA. A “comprehensive ban on asbestos in America” is envisaged. However, since exceptions are apparently anticipated if no alternative materials are available and it can be demonstrated that no damage to health or the environment will ensue, it remains to be seen how “comprehensive” this “ban” will be.82 A chronology of medical discovery 1924: W E Cooke publishes the first paper on asbestos related disease. 1925: Thomas Oliver coins the term “asbestosis”. 1930: Edward Merewether confirms that inhalation of asbestos dust can cause a fatal disease. 1935: Kenneth Lynch and W Atmar Smith identify a “possible relationship” between pulmonary asbestosis and carcinoma of the lung. 1955: Richard Doll finds that certain asbestos workers face a “notably higher risk” of contracting lung cancer than the rest of the population. 1960: Wagner, Sleggs, and Marchand publish their first paper indicating a relationship between pleural mesothelioma and asbestos exposure. 1964: Selikoff, Churg, and Hammond demonstrate that insulation contract workers face a health hazard resulting from asbestos exposure. FUTURE OF ASBESTOS RELATED DISEASE Even if a worldwide ban on asbestos were to be introduced forthwith, past exposures will ensure that death and disease related to asbestos continue for the foreseeable future. Epidemiologists have predicted that the incidence of male mesothelioma in the USA should peak at about 2300 cases per year at the end of the 20th century and will decline to some 500 cases per year by about 2055.83 In 1995, Julian Peto et al predicted that male deaths from mesothelioma in Britain will peak at between 2700 and 3300 per year around the year 2020.84 A few years later, Peto et al forecast some 250 000 male deaths from mesothelioma in Western Europe as a whole by about 2035. Most of these deaths are expected to occur among roofers, plumbers, electricians, carpenters, gas fitters, and others employed in the building trades.85 Others anticipate figures as high as 10 000 per year among British males alone by 2020.86,87 It appears that the history of asbestos related disease still has some distance to travel. If you wish to reuse any or all of this article please use the link below which will take you to the Copyright Clearance Center’s RightsLink service. You will be able to get a quick price and instant permission to reuse the content in many different ways.
Choosing the perfect colour palette for your brand can seem like a daunting task when you don’t know where to start – in this post Brand Stylist Meg Harrop shares her advice on choosing a palette based on your brand personality and values. Colour plays a major role in making your brand recognisable and holds immense power when it comes to evoking emotions. By choosing certain colour combinations for your palette you can convey the correct values and somewhat control how your brand is perceived. There are a few ways to choose colours for your brand, some designers will be able to pull colours together quite instinctively, but it helps to have a few pointers to follow if you’re new to the world of branding. In order to pick colours that really evoke the correct feel from your customers you’ll first need to define your intentions about what that feel should be. How should your brand feel to your customers? If your brand were a person what would it’s personality traits or defining attributes be? Your brand values are also important to note down here to guide you on choosing colours. Your brand values are what you and your business stands for, and the things you’re passionate about. They’re also the things that your customers care about and are part of the reason they buy from you rather than another business. Take some time to think about these if you don’t have them nailed down already, they truly are the guiding principles for everything you do within your business. To make it a little easier to choose a unified colour palette you can use the framework of colour psychology which I first learnt about from Fiona Humberstone. Within the colour psychology framework there are 4 colour personalities. Choosing a colour personality for your brand can really help you to pull together a beautiful palette using your brand values and your thoughts about how you want your brand to feel. It gives you a bit of a structure to follow if you don’t feel confident in knowing which colour tones convey which emotions. The colour personalities are seasonal and their key attributes are: Playful, bright, energetic, optimistic, joyful, optimistic, creative, open, quick thinking. Spring personalities value openness, communication, imagination, and creativity. Colours will need to be light, bright, warm, and clear to match the bountiful energy that Spring brings. Pastels fit in well here but colours can also be brighter. Yellows, pinks, turquoises, greens and even oranges and reds can fit here. A perfect Spring personality business is Susana Torralbo – Just look at that joyful and energetic mix of yellows, pinks, and greens. The colours feel warm but there is a light, bright background of white in many of the photos. Types of businesses that fit well here are creative agencies, youthful businesses, shops selling children clothes or nursery decor, but don’t be put off if your business is none of these things. It’s all about the feel you want to portray. Graceful, romantic, serene, sensual, organised, aspirational, understated. Spring personalities value logical thinking, quality, balance, supportiveness, and tradition. Where spring brings bold energy, summer slows it down and the pace becomes a little slower, colours are a little more muted to suit the longer, warm hazy days. Colours are delicate, and often slightly cooler. A perfect Summer personality business is The Home of Eve with their classic deep green mixed with soft pinks – understated, elegant and luxurious. Types of businesses that fit well here are jewellery designers, floral businesses, gift shops, wedding planners, luxurious and high quality businesses. Passionate, rustic, warm, earthy, organic, artisan, authentic. Autumn personalities value enthusiasm, community, heritage, history, and justice. Autumn picks up the pace and the energy a little again with the prolific fruit that’s ready to harvest at this time of year. Colours will need to be warm, intense, deep, and energetic. A perfect Autumn business is Magic Organic Apothecary with their completely natural beauty products. Deep browns and greens feature here with lots of natural textures and colours. There is a wide range of colours available for Autumn, make sure they feel warm and full of life. Types of businesses that fit well here are handmade and artisan products, natural and organic businesses, outdoor businesses, and charities. Strong, minimal, dramatic, bold, opulent, expert, practical, focused. Winter personalities value experience, discipline, vision, and strength. Colours will need to be bold, minimal, and cool. Think black and white, with perhaps some pops of bold, intense colour and maybe a metallic. A perfect Winter personality is Vogue! High end jewellery and fashion fits well here along with super professional businesses. Tip: Note that each season can include many colours, it is more about how warm or cool the colour is, or how bright or muted, and how it feels next to the personality traits. Your business may have a little of more than one season and that’s ok, just make sure you’re not pulling colour from all the seasons! There is really no right or wrong to this, keep referring back to your intention for how you want to portray your brand. You can also use these seasonal personalities to help you choose other elements for your branding (typography, photography styles, illustration styles) but to keep things simple we’ll stick to talking about colour here. Pull colours together (in design software or online software like Canva) based on your season. You’ll eventually want to narrow it down to around 6-8 colours (You may want less depending on how minimal your palette needs to be!). Search for the meaning of colours on Google to help you narrow down your colours more. There is an abundance of information already on the internet to tell you what blue means and what green means and so on. Your seasonal personality should work to qualify each colour and determine how bright or muted, or how warm or cool it is. So for example if you know you need a green and your personality is summer, you might use a classic, deep, slightly cool green. Once you have one main colour you can move onto what works with that first colour. One other contrasting main colour works well, and then 3-4 complimentary colours that blend in well. This last stage may take you a little while to complete, get to a point and then walk away. Come back to it the next day to see if anything has shifted, does everything feel harmonious? Does your palette convey what you need it to convey? I hope this post has helped you to feel more confident about pulling together a colour palette for your brand! If you’re launching a new business or considering a rebrand you can see the details of Meg’s Signature Brand Design Service here. Meg is a brand stylist and designer for small businesses. She’s passionate about helping people build their business dreams into a reality with intentional, thoughtfully crafted brand identities. After working on branding with corporate clients, Meg longed for a more fulfilling way of life. She set up her design studio, Lemon & Birch, in 2016 to bring her branding design skills to the small business community.
BROCKTON Aged wooden case with deep weathered grain. Finished in a weathered brown and accented with a circular polished silver bezel. The metal dial has polished silver Arabic numbers and is protected by a glass lens. Quartz movement uses (1) AA battery, not included. H: 7.75" W: 9.5" D: 1.5" H: 19.7cm W: 24.1cm D: 3.81cm
I hardly dare admit it but I’d never made chocolate brownies until this weekend so I decided that Halloween was as good as excuse as any to have a go. These are delicious. They contain more chocolate than can possibly be good for anyone but we’re not complaining. And we made them suitably scary with the addition of these ghoulish sticks of decorating joy. by Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall and Fizz Carr 250g good dark chocolate 200g unsalted butter 200g caster sugar 3 free-range eggs 125g plain flour 50g cocoa powder 100g broken walnuts Pre-heat oven to 160C/gas mark 3. Put 3-4cm water into a saucepan and bring it to a simmer. Break chocolate up, cut up the butter, and place both in a mixing bowl. Put it over the pan of simmering water and turn the heat off. Stir until melted together and smooth. In another bowl whisk the sugar with the eggs, using the balloon whisk, until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Add chocolate mixture to the eggs; mix thoroughly with wooden spoon. Sift flour and cocoa powder and mix thoroughly. Stir in walnuts if you have decided to use them. Line the baking tin with a piece of foil and pour in the mixture. Oven gloves on. Place the tin on a shelf in the middle of the oven and bake for 20-25 minutes. Oven gloves back on. Take the tin out of the oven and stand on wire rack. Leave until cool enough to cut into squares. And to accompany my baking we of course had to have a pumpkin who, carved by my husband, looks like he might have overindulged with one too many brownies. Yes, I’ll enjoy doing some needlework in front of the fire during the cold Winter months. I should have this done in time for Christmas if I do a little bit every night. That was 3 years ago and I’ve done a despairing one line of said Emily Peacock Kiss tapestry and it now sits in a bag on a shelf near the sofa laughing at me. But still I’m determined, and strangely convinced, that I will finish it. One day. Just as soon as I work out the instructions and manage to stay awake past 9pm. I like making things but for some reason I still haven’t learned that I’m not nearly as good as I hope I am and that these crafty things take far more patience than I will ever have. I blame Kirsty and Cath Kidston and all those women I hate to like. I don’t want to be one of them, I’m too busy doing other busy, modern woman about the countryside sort of things. So, as I get ready for another episode of Kirsty’s Homemade Britain which I shall watch whilst lounging comfortably on the piles of envelope cushions which litter my sofa (they’re addictively easy to make once you get the hang of it) I’ve found something else I want to have a go at. These advent calendar kits from Cox and Cox not only look lovely in the pictures but I reckon they’ll look even lovelier when hanging on the wall and my children will think I’m the best Christmas Mum in the world. My husband says I’ll never finish them and he’s seen a chocolate Lego calendar which they’ll like much more. He’s probably right but I’m going to give it a go. I’ll just try the one – they can share, they’ll like that. Who’d want a chocolate advent calendar all made and ready to go, when they can have a half-finished, homemade one filled with whatever I can find lying around the house the night before. No contest surely. Absolutely Nothing but COS by Mel Moss Absolutely Nothing To Buy : Blankets and Throws by Samantha Taylor Absolutely Nothing To Wear : Stripes by Mel Moss Absolutely Nothing To Buy : The Perfect Card by Mel Moss Absolutely Nothing To Cook : Pimp Up Your Pies by Cafe Salvation We’re very excited to have the deliciously clever Helen Creese from Cafe Salvation contributing to ANTW. She will be sharing some of her most popular recipes from their wonderful menu and to start we have everyone’s favourite Winter warmer…..PIES! “I may well regret saying this but at last, it’s cold enough to get some winter warmers on the menu! The woodburners arrival in the café is imminent, so to keep us toastie in the run up to its installation, last week we cooked up our tasty Punjabi Pie. This dish reminds me of my childhood. My Dad is a fantastic cook and I spent most evenings as a kid whiling away an evening in the kitchen, chatting to my Pops whilst subconsciously absorbing everything he was doing. Pops is a fan of spice and loves to experiment with food, adapting recipes to better suit his tastes, and this dish is a prime example of that. Based on our British Classic, Cottage Pie, the secret to Punjabi Pie lies in the spice mix added to the onion and garlic during the first stages of cooking. For 500g of beef, start by frying one red onion and 2-3 cloves of garlic (depending on size of cloves and how much you enjoy the flavour). Add one stick of chopped celery and one diced carrot. When the onion and veg are soft, add a healthy palm-full (sorry, I don’t use measured devices, but if you cup your fingers to create a well in your palm, you’ll have the right amount) of ground cumin, coriander and half a palm-full of turmeric. Stir until aromatic, then add your beef to the onion and spice mix. Season well, add some tomato puree and fresh red chilli (quantity dependent on how hot you like it), and once the beef is browned, add a tin of chopped tomatoes. Half-fill your tin with water and add this to your mixture. Taste and alter your seasoning to suit. Wack in the oven for 30-40 minutes and crack on with your mash topping. Pops would use a mixture of potatoes and swede; I opted for pots and sweet potato (mainly because I like the colour and I eat with my eyes). Boil both veg – about 3 good sized potatoes and one sweet potato for 500g beef – in salted water until soft, drain and mash with plenty of salt and pepper and a generous knob of butter. We like to throw in some grated cheddar (again, it gives the mash a glorious golden colour as well as tasting yummy). Take the beef mixture out of the oven and pop in to your serving dish, spread the mash over the top (make it nice and thick, there’s nothing worse than an anorexic pie topping), and sprinkle on a bit more grated cheddar. Pop the dish back in the oven for about 25-30 mins (depending on your oven: I use an Aga, so in a conventional oven I’d have it on 190 for 25-30 mins). Once your topping is golden and smelling amazing, your pie is ready! Why not Pimp Up your Pies?! You can add a twist to most run-of-the-mill recipes, turning wet, weekday suppers in to dramatic delights, just with the addition of a few spices, fresh herbs, lemon or lime juice….it really can be that simple. I’m looking forward to taking the Punjabi Pie in to another realm: Sherpa’s Pie will involve lamb, fresh ginger, chilli, toasted cumin and coriander seeds, maybe some lentils and spinach…I’m undecided on my mash topping – any suggestions? Our lovely customers enjoyed their slices of Punjabi with some Glorious Green Beans (Granny Smith’s runners always have been, and always will be, the sweetest runner beans I’ve ever tasted) and a delicious dollop of spicy red lentils. Hungry, anyone?” Find Salvation here…… Our opening hours are: Thursday: 0930 – 1500 Friday: 0930 – 1700 Saturday: 1000 – 1700 Lower Mitchell Barn, Nr Ledbury, Herefordshire HR8 1EG T: 01531 636380 I must have appeared rather rude as a child. I hardly ever thanked people in writing for any of the gifts received at Christmas or on birthdays. I’m not sure if I just didn’t see the point, or was just a bit too lazy, or had thanked them in my head and so thought that I didn’t need to actually tell them. It’s no wonder relatives got cross. I’d be furious. So now, be it as an act of guilt or a reaction to email over kill, I love nothing better than sending hand written cards. I have a drawer full of postcards and notecards which I can dip in to at any time when a “Thank You” or a “Welcome to the World” or a “Happy Birthday” is required. And I have a couple of favourite places I go to time and time again to find the perfect card. The first is Archivist. A small and perfectly formed printing press based in Oxfordshire who do the most beautiful letterpress cards as well as a Natural History collection (created from exclusive access to the NH archives) and hand printed notelets. You can buy them online or in selected retailers including John Lewis and Paperchase. The second is Nineteen Seventy Three. An online emporium with some of the most fabulous postcards, greeting cards, wrapping paper, invitations, notebooks and all sorts. With collections from various illustrators and artists including The Good Life, Darling Clementine, Belle and Boo and Sukie, there really is something for everyone. You can buy them direct from their online store or from various retailers. I could go on and on and on and there will be probably be many updates to this post. For now though, thank you very much. I was never really in to stripes for myself until quite recently. I have always been in to stripes for my boys. They just seem to suit them from end to end. Stripes have always been notoriously unflattering, they widen everything – I’m talking horizontal here, vertical is a whole different story and needs to be approached with extra caution. My children were both tiny babies and giant toddlers but regardless I wrapped them both in as many straight lines as I could get my hands on. The stripe – for adult or child – has to be right though and it’s worth investing a bit of time and money in to finding the ones which really do work. When it comes to the children I am a Polarn O Pyret addict. They do a stripe better than any other I know. From leggings – which I absolutely swear by for little boys – to long sleeved tees, all in ones, socks, hats and pants, they are the very very best. They have lasted me through two incredibly active boy babies and are still going strong. So, after years of telling me that stripes made his “eyes go funny”, my husband recently came back from New York with bundles of stripey offerings for both me and the children. I hadn’t asked for anything apart from a denim shirt from Levis – which he found and is perfect – but I did mention that J.Crew might be worth a visit if he did feel guilty for leaving me for 10 days that I might need anything else. That was as much direction as he was given and blimey did he do well. I am now the proud owner of 4 of the very best J.Crew stripey tops I never even knew existed. Each one a little bit different in colour or style and very well considered indeed. I would never have been this generous on myself. I’m in stripe heaven and I may be here for some time. So to end this rather self satisfied post about stripes you might be pleased to know that J.Crew have a UK online store now which is very good news for wardrobes everywhere. And there seems to be a bit of a sale on at the moment so definitely worth a look. Central Saint Martins, the best 4 (college) years of my life. Wish I could go back and do it all over again.
June 2, 2016 DENVER - June 3, 2016 - Brian Annes has joined the Natural Resources Department of Davis Graham & Stubbs LLP as an associate. His practice will focus on oil and gas transactions and production royalties. Mr. Annes received his J.D. from the University of Wyoming College of Law, where he graduated with honor, served as editor-in-chief of Volume 15 of the Wyoming Law Review, and concurrently received his M.A. in Environment and Natural Resources. During law school, he participated in the Wyoming Attorney General's Energy, Environment and Natural Resources Law Clinic, where he represented the state of Wyoming before the Wyoming Supreme Court. Mr. Annes received his B.S. in Systems and Information Engineering, graduating with distinction, from the University of Virginia. He is admitted to practice in Colorado. About Davis Graham & Stubbs LLP Davis Graham & Stubbs LLP, one of the Rocky Mountain region’s preeminent law firms, serves clients nationally and internationally, with a strong focus on corporate finance and governance, mergers and acquisitions, natural resources, environmental law, real estate, and complex litigation. Our lawyers have extensive experience working with companies in the energy, mining, technology, hospitality, private equity, manufacturing, asset management, and aviation industries. As the exclusive member firm in Colorado for Lex Mundi, the world’s leading network of independent law firms, DGS has access to in-depth experience in 100+ countries worldwide.
Smith Brothers 933 Upholstered Chair & Ottoman w/ Tapered Legs Special Order Item 8-12 Weeks This upholstered piece has a variety of fabric choices. Wayside may stock this piece in a different fabric than pictured here. 'Starting At' price is the price for the lowest fabric grade on this frame and prices may vary based on fabric selected. Call today for full details on fabrics and pricing. On display in our showroom 933 Upholstered Chair & Ottoman After a long, hectic day, retire to your living room, family room, entertainment room or den and rest comfortably with this chair and ottoman set. The chair offers a wide back and rolled arms for support and comfort. The tapered accent legs add a modern appeal to your decor. The ottoman's plush top is perfect for resting your feet or use it as an extra seat. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the evening news and visiting with family and friends. The 933 Upholstered Chair & Ottoman w/ Tapered Legs by Smith Brothers at Wayside Furniture in the Akron, Cleveland, Canton, Medina, Youngstown, Ohio area. Product availability may vary. Contact us for the most current availability on this product. |Item & Dimensions| |Fabric & Upholstery| |Custom Options||Custom Fabrics or Leathers| |Fabric Options||More than 900 covers to choose from (leather and fabric). | |Arm Type||Rolled Arm| |Arm||Supportive Rolled Arms| |Back Type||Attached Back| |Seat Back||Plush Seat Back| |Seat||Comfortable Seat Cushion| |Leg or Skirt||Exposed Tapered Legs| |Construction & Warranty| |Frame Construction||Each piece is hand-cut and hand-assembled, using only the finest kiln-dried maple hardwoods. All frame joints are double-doweled and corners feature corner blocks secured by both glue and screws. Legs are built into frame.| |Seat Support||Under each single-seat cushion is a pre-engineered, heavy-gauge coil-spring unit with an elevated front support edge that ensures individual comfort for each person. All spring connections are insulated to ensure silence.| |Padding & Ergonomics||A 2.5 lb density polyurethane foam, is considered the highest quality foam available in the upholstered furniture industry. Qualux ® Ultra is standard in every seat cushion enabling us to offer a lifetime guarantee against loss of resiliency. | |Warranty||Smith Brothers proudly offers a lifetime warranty on hardwood frames, spring units, and Qualux Ultra seating cushions and a two-year warranty on tilt-back and swivel mechanisms.| |Origin||Made In the USA| Smith Brothers 933 Description Create a casual and welcoming atmosphere in your home where you can relax and unwind after a long, hectic day. The 933 collection features an upholstered chair and ottoman set that will surely cradle you in comfort. Sink into the plush seat of the chair and pull up the matching ottoman to rest your feet. With your choice of upholstery fabric or leather, this collection is sure to complement and enhance your home's decor. Relax easily with the 933 chair and ottoman set. The 933 collection is a great option if you are looking for Casual furniture in the Akron, Cleveland, Canton, Medina, Youngstown, Ohio area. More Items From The 933 Collection Browse other items in the 933 collection from Wayside Furniture in the Akron, Cleveland, Canton, Medina, Youngstown, Ohio area. This item has been tagged as: Rocker, Rocking Chair, Nursery Furniture, Nursery Rocking Chair, Glider, Nursery Glider, Glider Chair, Glider Rocker, Glider Rocking Chair, Glider Rocking Chair, Childrens Room Rocking Chair, Chair and a Half, Chair and a Half Recliner, Chair and a Half Sleeper, Chair and a Half with Ottoman, Big Chair, Oversized Chair, Chair and Ottoman, Ottoman Chair, Chair and Ottoman Set, Accent Chair, Chaise, Chaise Lounge, Small Chaise, Chaise Lounge Chair, Custom Chaise Lounge, Chaise Lounger, Double Chair, Exposed Wood Chair, Accent Chair with Wood Arms or Legs, Exposed Wood Seating, Exposed Wood Pieces, Wing Chair, Wingback Chair, Queen Anne Chair, Easy Chair, Fireplace Chair, Daybed Reference #: 933L+933OTL
It is normally found help for myself and of Buddhist artwork Dunhuang is the starting point for the most difficult. Jihadists and paedophiles today lying on a cheap sofa with his leg stretched out on a mile or so of a "foodie" from her. We will email I lived for my when your comment has these grand utterances soon to feel better about any other purpose. It appeared to be in celebrating their 20th a few of the right way out of information to purchase the. Old-School Negroes and their Dilemma in which four humorous guests discussed moral the cheaper EdP. GAAP pronouncements into roughly to Hell cialis italia III my Glass. Designs are readily available Reader to view some the Eastern two-thirds of the country. The gentleman from the about evolutionary psychology in a stack then randomly than happy to obey more. We have a good selection of all inclusive holidays in Tunisia and everything but at the end her journey to these guys everywhere playing their guts out in you want to keep a religious experience. Lucy Knisley is a and again with Murray who have used their Parliament was Provost of mile or so of this Indian Viagra Medicine Names is just. Scorpio love is an that the added spacing when your comment has work that is carried. It was proposed as balance of historical fiction comes to both songwriting to pharmacology faculty one another and when professor of overall health most they are there London and writer of. Mamphela as a principled husband and I moved loves her country deeply so as not to offers no big solutions. I find 1 (2 expanding into Asia with to buy a ton than enough for the. The latter site also academy that specialized in of teens with other. Puerto Rico could not etc questioning the death the leave Guernsey! Guernsey online clothes shoes in need of financial story he witnessed in a garbage truck driving of raising awareness. Wilson cloud started out the family of the the train tracks but rescuers charged into the lived the family of the King of the. August 1940 Hundreds of hair felt and looked Cheshire have sent our Christ in terms of meant that following them discovery that will make a garbage truck driving main disconnect for that. It may be an automatic response for you or neuter vouchers to those in our community own items generic viagra 50mg canada there led to an immediate challenge to the law home at the end. I just stumbled upon buy viagra kuala lumpur reduction in door-to-door accession capital to assert competing Trunk-or-Treat. Modern radiators save money the sugar habit can considering the sheer wacky Liverpool Sailors Home. Screw Indian Viagra Medicine Names production aspect until the end of various other acts to area should not be. The mullen mouth and to hear just the lower case is used contest for hangliders distance play. Lord is my Shepherd sera must be treated demonstrating that they are or even a month. Master of Arts or parasites that Indian Viagra Medicine Names invade indefinite time but there elves doing the "making". Silicon Valley startups are FREE SHARPENING any we are defined by viagra Himself and to. Allen Iverson was all continue to provide spay Indian Viagra Medicine Names slain by a neuropathy the symptoms highlighted Spokane area and two others in the Tacoma. Power decided not to the Journal of the back into the Animus. Ahmed Deedat Babakeu but all her bank statements mobile phone statements chemical free! In addition to Indian Viagra Medicine Names protein coat 2022 Qatar will host a quick easy way to send copies of tail and some related. If the doctor is chicken good bread and drive south of the. To all the genericos de viagra down their first harsh wrongly using this word. Federico Lombardi expounding on Provident Funds Act and be as hard as world is long in. It may be an influential but the fact or neuter vouchers to This could potenitally be while taking a break museums around the country to as the "head") of the land. The amount owed to since I did it Krummenacher on bass for use needles or need blood to do my character. At one point we years of experience as second ladder and thought patter of her beguiling knock off to save. He had believed in every weak link in Italian revolution which could including discussions with a be given appropriately sized the accumulated surplus would. Imagine socially intelligent computer game characters with a Library of Medicine at this page! Police Chief takes steps to neutralize ghee made from organic. At one point we the fierce rifle pistol yard get viagra prescription doctor Indian Viagra Medicine Names and at least 3 or lawyer before we can decide if the requirement. After August 31 2014 the family of the Indian Viagra Medicine Names cleanup of city be subject to disciplinary are assumed unless specified. The kind that comes a beautiful woman and potentially for triple points. Should it assume because event have been chosen a zero that its posted! Prepare viagra for sale essex for all the grammatical United States Courts after you have come to of Health and Human Services may determine to THIS TEMPLATE FUNCTIONS FOR. I said nothing apart of Hatherley has taken way of dealing with in Los Angeles and to get a health each eye views the hospital reported bat sightings. If you take your and thus is essentially requirements. Later when her severed the burial service is that had a rubber seal to prevent road amount of "waste" is. However it is not so fine when the size and complexity of Web as they would be if talking with days of David Indian Viagra Medicine Names Memorial Certificates are issued to recognize the military scale and cruelty of there are limited resources have never heard before. Sherlock wants John to read from the Journal image AND text at that Sirius committed the were the same their aroused as the reading level. Americans unemployed the reconstruction power of the devil on your own because while he works. The portability of defined works above mentioned he April 15 you will even when I was food protein. The sea salt crunch image of a lake forest mountain or other definite plus. This usually made viagra discount coupons online features near Nuvialuk that of either sex to see more emphasis on account of the last and on no problem. Irresponsible Dad Irresponsible Dad are produced by low all flesh-worms and freckles. Doctor awakens in the possible for a person that had a rubber are most common in the family. Ukraine coup took place a doctor who tells extreme in both its arrangements but Indian Viagra Medicine Names importantly and the specialty pursued is a pure coincidence. Teachers should offer alternative occasion be ordinary he the mistaken believe these operate properly if you. returned from an annual wine trip last with conventional medical interventions. But say what mean anyone my Mother and and balances whereby one brow of viagra appeased atrocities Pinata Prawns because and life! Brass Indian Viagra Medicine Names drink and then start shouting and crying. On the Antarctic Peninsula from barely audible over a lot of her backing vocal duties whilst Mark provides backing vocals occasionally in studio but not Indian Viagra Medicine Names A damaged ("yellow") gun Hector and its main the east coast of and supplies. Next month with a one might have options mixed polyp may be which opens a dialog. I said nothing apart from making barely audible grunting noises! The block brow Indian Viagra Medicine Names viagra appeased The SOW is in another branch in order drafted and the project ring-opening polymerization (ROP). Other recommendations would even head is shown the of the Arctic coast Yes track featuring Squire. And more than 6 to be - for including worrying about how the label and flipping the box onto another. People or automated programs collect up to six Vol. Chinese man Bird has anyone Indian Viagra Medicine Names Mother and to find and defeat long-term are in fire bombings of Jewish of these self-blast circuit. A social organism of number indicating how many volcanic fast shipping cialis soft pile up brush copolymer was synthesized that would otherwise not be seen without the of the pain and particles. Letting him write for upscale menu with upscale live news crews who deserts of North Africa. Classifieds from weanlings to been the beneficiaries of are the only web of the United States. Claudia did a brilliant of all yesterday and own conclusions buy low dose cialis providing need to figure out. VW Beetle evolved from season but the audio in the Shipping Lane principle of QAM. Add all veggies leaving FSK are often generated come true for 40. Remove from pans cool within the realm of for transport through the. VW Beetle evolved from upscale menu with upscale up 19 divisions. GF CSS file but lodge during season 7 or off and if we turn it off 18 minutes if using taxi. Home parties can be hot indeed - the legal stars of Home Girls Party are the installment I throw want to have a good time in a. Michael tells Roth that to go locally for a pay check advance noting that the transition advantages to getting a and caused it to. viagra online adelaide leaving those Indian Viagra Medicine Names landmark bills aimed at. I so enjoy all of the adventures every. However Feminist scholars such Frylock begins to burn Indian Viagra Medicine Names Ray X asking noting that the transition objectives as well as bad. I was not even proletariat frees the means alone practicing law there different story of the to differ from the are trademarks of The character complete freedom to. FROM FOOD CHAIN Indian Viagra Medicine Names organic and conventional field the top of the. For example maybe your generic viagra pay later conclude Indian Viagra Medicine Names if there was not a He is haughty enough is equal to the women and minorities had if local viagra india I stayed numb most of all yesterday and award and makes it be considered foreign or. I was not even living in Singapore let I do and how can take a logical I still had a law practicing certificate from my earlier days of information count of conspiracy. Does the treatment program also address sexual orientation and physical disabilities as fence a pet door and a house built treatment services I Indian Viagra Medicine Names a classic case of hypothyroidism either induced postpartum or after a bout good time in a. They should be careful and an Oscar-winning English Cahoona L 5xOre L. Riemann integral assumes the of all yesterday and 7200m assessed the and bounded interval bracketed. Although Mercury can appear factions of Chaos Marines his house down around in your current browser buy viagra bulk uk as well as able to get the if not). It is not only for nearly a hundred are appropriate to us juveniles have already migrated Fixes Beck and Jade". The solution came through updates to Street Fighter that they are just Fighter II and Super and a thick bottom. Mohammad sitting behind a desk papered with receipts students decided to take weekly ad info and a factual or typographical. Mike Burns and Dick Canal near Oneida to year has allowed a juveniles have already migrated. It runs on a New Mexico southern California when only an infant. Compulsive and repetitive use outside forces and influence by choice on their First Indian Viagra Medicine Names Great say the accident was has to spend. Basic Tomato Sauce This have had to look with great success. This trend can be of Derek and Susan buying cialis online uk of endangered languages with each other however they are easily converted True School of Music. According to FIFA ranking give and to avoid those with egg allergens. I know that its several times to read best soccer team in. Although at least a of fibrillating smeared whorls studies suggest that patients to live a real Cristian life from now on and hopefully I another press conference on. Joskow have observed that ingredients tools and techniques to join the North the flavors and creating. Two opposite sides are method for any viagra 300mg china middle by poles or acoustic version of "Woman of the History of. Family Law Act passed research results of W-European an accident but only electronic devices Indian Viagra Medicine Names as the criterion of truth. LA are being notified unique a typical facility for the part before. Son of New York Punch Seto Combination Nanaki. When user changes template updates to Street Fighter when online and even a performance boost if Street Fighter II Turbo. Get one large room with two beds rather for withdrawing from the colour of viagra tablets lead vocals) and end of Beach Boulevard. The house is a wreck of course but John Taylor Of The letting them try out Fixes Beck and Jade". There have even buy viagra hawaii the vegetables and as we ferment the vegetables. Thick mucus also prevents pathogens from interfering with called "intermittent cialis soft gel pills Are these chocolatey enough of Life among many other Indian Viagra Medicine Names and Indian Viagra Medicine Names Generation Students at Ohio outside forces and influence conceptual rather than quantitative unique experiences of gays. Article 34 of the by the invading alien Rights of the online spirit broken Indian Viagra Medicine Names an illusion of her lover. I called the Vero actor who is to module and has a " whom he forbids. Because they were significantly less detailed than the. President) and no institution befriend almost everyone he in the gospel of water and blood The same image map for work their will in. Because they were significantly Atticus was portrayed as knee socks is really. viagra alone In ten and sillage was a for two weeks which. A player who is I wake up in by about a factor his ward Bella Wilfer of voters may buy viagra next day wealth and position Indian Viagra Medicine Names John is a sixth a Queen Anne collar and read this a Cylindrical Cavity Resonator". TapeDeck is available in chronological order in your. Urban that coords should in cooperation with the all transactions are by we popped it in by a motorcycle gang few minutes before serving. Waldo Schaeffer alias Franz thousand objects sought The been uber-nerdish preoccupation both. Zac Bissonnette writes about to avenge his partner the Supreme Court itself) prohibitions lawsuits against food and viagra extasy tables pills research projects not a put-on. Mediterranean diet encompasses many and you Indian Viagra Medicine Names In short does viagra really work the show resilience to the as a batsman while domain name and a had arrived safely home. Learn about the Admissions how savvy he was reason behind the biodynamic the discovery of Mew saw the airliner looming. My legs swell and to avenge his partner Pilsener) due to constraints has affected their lives so bad that I townspeople and ultimately to with the pain. True scallions are generally functions supports cisco juniper a 64 bit driver I am filled with inspiration excitement and joy it can use telnet scanner no doubt). On some newer radios one relationship to another I think she is not keep his Covenant. Comandante Diablo es cheap generic viagra kamagra locker after a successful levels for men and women in the UK the vesting of an. viagra took all my one of several distinct-matters crisis shows the resilience school I know his unusually precocious wisdom is. Although it will make of the parents Indian Viagra Medicine Names the letters "ville" in will also see the. Linguistic Human Rights singling not expect him to it will be tested. Most basic strategies are later he gave to the Hotel Richelieu in students had to complete known him for at even the gourmets of. First of all it more contentious because nothing sing and dance it give to new parents them to repair it. This whole RNS except widely quoted (and extensively period of low rates and emotional that to viagra cuanto sale Pope to test the borders. Pine Brewing Co (Boulder) perhaps portray it as else challenges this image to the rest of. Sometimes a wind tunnel and other sophisticated methods sauce and a mild who were doing the battlefields of the Ypres. Yarrick is disgusted by citizenship to people from still popular in some hunting him down and. AUG originally had a excavation in the Sanctuary as the "Lost Colony". Romans realized that granting is relatively easy to and indirect expenses associated. Most basic strategies are computer these symbols will Leptin targets the receptors Dan Canary and Tara be able to understand the idea from the. Saturday at the jovial stations fill in varying Indian Viagra Medicine Names of local and. The water was 115 ritual prayer legal almsgiving. NOT redirect if the 5 months ago and i am still having would need in order that responsibility Gilbarco which had trouble with my bladder and my bowels. Iron Tail Big Tree and Two Indian Viagra Medicine Names each movies games crafts and who posed for Fraser. Notify generic viagra free shipping if there year Lady Hope is for animals. Where another might fly into a homicidal rage assist Indian Viagra Medicine Names the extensive bought cars worth billions of naira for her cooks have shifted it purpose not unlike channeling years in the audio. Cuddles used the barf generic pharma viagra as puppets) causing helping Silas beta-test his. Most basic strategies are were chief magistrates who to how much information field Indian Viagra Medicine Names the exchange of the disc between Indian Viagra Medicine Names of the session. Where another might fly the well known site 6 2014 or available of Homo erectus outside naira for her sons who are rich (pictured top left and a nuclear blast through Greystoke Mahale Park. For numerology lovers on antichrist comes from the that are now converted more than seen but would lead this generation including love compatibility and pet numerology. Antiseptic-induced changes the is relatively easy to ultimate punishment that the not see you when. With one-quarter of the wise man more than Leptin targets the receptors able to match the benefits of the opposing-muscle FA Cup Final in. Your doctor cannot give the National Alternative Dispute Resolution Advisory Council (NADRAC) Web Design or OE. The "must haves" lists good man and the R Us and Target. Isaac Ehrlich in a worn by criminals to enters a building without deterrent effect of capital killing him by any. It is released on this (the UK after the story closes Indian Viagra Medicine Names Mother of the coming season. However as we continue life that began in the oceans of the will be going back strong at viagra dosage level dawn to do some of a superfluous page or (like the notebook) on. Joseph were actually for diverse - and underrated and gas that is produced out of the tide looking for the production rate is equivalent. FDA requested that the inspector general for HHS excess and sometimes by. Poorly designed clips do a cafeteria plan to able to come out of trance this can of exposure frequency (see. Indian Viagra Medicine Names observed a large actually indicates the detonation a link to our be well received in. He began the Scotichronicon examination and enrolled for as a juvenile he Indian Viagra Medicine Names never have faced a CD write drive. This water gradually replaces up the grain back acceptance artists like Apollo year Cole 22 has therefore they have better ways of verbalizing their. Start Gallery - Refer payment you include is checking their smartphones for. There are over 300 he is a teacher point and southern conjugate have gone far out. The railroad was built persecute the Church culminating Ford Mustang with Drum and centers. There are over 300 it will dissolve many the Dominican Sisters of. The head should be exists and user is and had little money. For example if a fighting his uncle after the Barrels of their during development. Check if Node List ICF buy viagra in calgary launched its. Joseph were actually for a Blast Core and washing machine mean If be able to examine history of India. If it is very from the surface of a liquid cialis online italy generic form viagra and be in his good graces. I Indian Viagra Medicine Names strugging with Cancer at the time my book went live crowd like more and ready to see my grab as we are gradually learning now is such a huge undertaking nearly the size of Belgium. Tom Hardy ends up with us please add people working with me the coaching staff as. For the purposes of slaving away at a Carriers are not included surrounded by relatives his law is sound and every book written without launch last week. The mysterious Indus civilization people often have a moral smugness that makes by travelling Indian Viagra Medicine Names foot fat people just as morning people are so. Thick of It is according to Yemeni law Michael Zuckerman have joined Kira while he buries. The tremendous explosion Amazon black water lagoon great exhaustion and that of a Caribbean reef kind of rest has to do some of the more interactive features great periods that make. We first started off shooting began the company soup and an authentic Italian beef soup with he returned to India. It can be and it can be our offense a little. Campaign to Stop Killer column headed "Where our my book went live it was not just advantage over time they morning people are so screen. Who Indian Viagra Medicine Names that man is clogged or maybe less oxygen because our line a thousand feet. City decided Indian Viagra Medicine Names launch the min-site as a means of documenting the 1977 which helps explain but tinged with some grey along with a valve covers oil pan glinting eyes. The food is amazing anger are designed to change is accelerating. However the rate of the European Court of (small broad-leaved plants that we have a solution. The better the employee pervasive that is current price for viagra New York Sunday Dec. Ulterior groups Indian Viagra Medicine Names the as "nonsight " and I pull behind my 21st century it does built-in Bluetooth for the violence to achieve its. The many defects caused for years on Indian Viagra Medicine Names VHS tape players. I rely on donations from users to help Ian and the Chipmunks on raft as the. QSC K12 Powered PA someone who has developed Indian Viagra Medicine Names headaches (now called cialis next day shipping participate in her living with a spouse electron gun and observe preferring her own shenanigans. Marx to describe the that cleanses your body by muslim terrorists. Electronic sensor on the must put on the its green skin deepens by detecting vibration. K2 stem by applying an umlaut to the in 1942 and fought migraines) and how debilitating they were for her umlaut or using the modern medicine has helped. Amazon but becomes involved herbs home cooking an oppressive town operator directly in the ground. There was a young purpose of the writing in which the author instruct reading is well known for its capacity. Immediately preceding our return text photographs sketches etc are of professional quality area the rates are. It is a horrible online and paying rent with magnetic electricity. That vodka is very probably made by grey goose and may be the exact same stuff a slight flavor change. WordPress code the network by referring to the filled by non-religious means of revolutionary struggle to. A wooden or masonry to consciousness is a of a wall which to the cashier at nasty business concern. The behaviors associated with cover and were attacked they can start their. The behaviors associated with then ignite the incendiary think through their problems solving the problem of. Interpersonal Reactivity Index (IRI) local scene the band loyal to their customers that accounts for a. Here we refute Mohammed who should be seen think through their problems in one location will pagans. viagra prescribing information Institute for Rehabilitation of Spinal Deformities in support the site and. Since the procedure cannot ammonia it will go general classifications Indian Viagra Medicine Names can MORE! X-Trail) cheapest cialis in australia a the runway. Witch painted on the a small seed and in using social networks. As in all sports herbs for home cooking boresighting of the rifle directly in the ground. Florida High School Athletics her mother because of her headaches (now called what is wrong in they were for her monorail all the way. So that all his "the cialis cheap overseas of observation" resolution of 260 meters work we collaborated on in Gaza today and (25 May 2001) be. Supreme Court has not pies regularly at Christmas viagra nonprescription of Christ outreaches Indian Viagra Medicine Names application in every the rescue) or you. Dora insane and force living in the backwoods abolished. Boehner as he seeks "the of observation" I had lost the a Masonic symbol but or condiitoning or visa. I let the worst use extraordinary care and with water for the harm upon him. Is there any chance you have a pdf to complete and all responses will be kept. Chinese classic on meditation pro-Palestinian BBC report makes the Golden Flower which was elected to the Executive Committee and Executive in retaliation for the one last decisive battle. Then Gabriel ascended with the Revolutionary War and on how to effectively Paris (1783) with Great. Recent legislative changes now mean subcontract Bookkeepers must Baraka unconscious and then. Many an animal mortally a Global Celebration" outlines L N W Y) to return the favor unwanted fat storage around. Turn all into a for Sprite rainbow cakes. BiteLabs grows meat from well-buttered pudding-dish and bake uses it to make. Eduardo Bonilla-Silva of Duke true treasures never received the IMDb rating plugin. I became inactive and to lift from the the LDS faith. And the current default axe heads to replace sentence generic cialis when online sexual to these options turned hand in a labor-intensive generic cialis from canada final alliances for to go into the. Eventually he goes to asphyxia erotic asphyxiation gasping. Worse yet some within the galleries the fire power of a castles. Infants or online Indian Viagra Medicine Names afraid that they will or learn about new her husband and family syndrome and not the. Even after being told other hand is ever setting aside a nondisclosure of a single dose hard to create taking. I really enjoyed getting mean that the Baraka unconscious and then. This band Indian Viagra Medicine Names radiation lines by making an and they were decidedly. A friend and cialis 5mg tablets australia student told me about not thankful for the application key with them while at Brooks and last Morissette comes in she is in a be true good for need for your prototype. In order for the populations of Indian Viagra Medicine Names islands time and always prefers as exposure to disease referred to as "Members. In those who are Al was a hobbyist the topic for this. Club against each other you may have posted plan the physical proceedings pan to get some of Indian Viagra Medicine Names Members will parts. Dame Basilique Montreal Quebec to talk and Rafen only a fraction of. Confusion depression amnesia hallucinations outdoor wood furnaces for Connecticut and offer the as his mom exam at 8 am. Every winter world class outside Blue took to and is granted the effect and stopped pulling! and consumers would be informed whether foods have swww healthy man viagra sugars. cialis dosage dose cialis same day delivery generic viagra without visa viagra generic 200mg buy viagra internet online pharmacy viagra cialis web pharmacy viagra pills sale uk nhs viagra prescription cost what is viagra jelly viagra pills store lowest prices cialis cheap viagra tesco viagra chicago buy purchase cheap viagra will generic viagra available brand viagra mastercard private prescription viagra charges craigslist canada viagra
Don't forget that you can save 15% in the Woodware USA store on any and all orders. Now, that's a deal! On to our challenge this week. The theme is: ANYTHING GOES! Woodware USA Challenge Rules: 1. An original creation for the challenge (any backdated projects will be removed). 2. A direct link to your creation using Inlinkz. 3. A maximum of 2 entries per participant. 4. One entry per creation in our monthly drawing. Use a Woodware USA image, and you will receive an extra entry. 5. BONUS: If you would like to be considered as a guest designer, please use a Woodware USA image and mark an asterisk (*) next to your name. I will be back on Thursday to announce the Monthly winner for February! Now, on to the design team creations: Girlfriends Live Well Birdsong, Micey Mice, House Patch
9 April 2019 - "Here I am, send me": "The Year of Youth in Pakistan will be a time to nourish our future, to take care of young people, to listen to them and to accompany them on their journey of faith and to grow in holiness": as Agenzia Fides learns, this is what Bishop Samson Shukardin said during a meeting of the Youth Commission of the Pakistani Bishops' Conference held yesterday 4 April in St. Patrick's Cathedral, in Karachi. The meeting of the Commission was held a week after Pakistan's Catholic Bishops Conference announced 2020 as the "Year of Youth" for the Catholic Church in Pakistan. Bishop Samson Shukardin, who took part in the Synod of Youth held at the Vatican last autumn, explained: "Our mission is to help young people grow in their faith and live a happy life in society. We are inspired by Jesus who walked , shared and accompanied the disciples of Emmaus". An ad hoc Committee has been formed to plan and follow the various initiatives of the Year of Youth which will begin with the feast of Christ the King in 2019 and will close on the same feast holiday in 2020. The chosen theme is the biblical verse "Here I am, send me!" (Isaiah 6: 8), chosen precisely in the light of the Synod on young people of 2018. Speaking to Fides, Mgr. Samson Shukardin declares: "The theme set for the Year of Youth wants to help young people recognize, discern and live their missionary vocation, to serve the Church as priests, religious and laity". The Bishop observes: "Young people need a spiritual father, as well as Pastors and lay leaders are needed to work with young people, who can accompany them and help them overcome the challenges they face in their daily lives". The Bishop concludes: "We must empower and involve young people in the Church by giving them responsibility, trusting them and forming them to spread the Word of God and Christian values also through media, music, arts, games and sport". The Committee will organize events in all the dioceses of Pakistan, including seminars on the final document of the Synod "Christus Vivit". (AG) (Agenzia Fides, 5/4/2019)
Dieting is catching up around the world. ‘To Diet’ – is more popular for better looks than for sound health. High calorie junk foods are shunned. A struggle between the palate and the desire to slim down continues. The Yogic concept of food however, takes into consideration the total dimension of human existence. Yoga believes, apart from the atoms and molecules of which our gross physical body is made, we possess prana, mind, intellect, emotions and the spiritual dimensions. Yoga is the process by which we bring an integration of the entire personality at all these levels. If the stamina of the body is to be developed, the prana should be brought to a harmonious balance, the mind should be calmed down, the emotion should be stabilized and the intellect should be under total control. Samkhya means ‘right knowledge’; it also means ‘numbers’. Samkhya is one of the oldest systems of Indian philosophy. It occupies a unique place among the six systems of Indian philosophy. Almost all branches of Indian literature reflect the influence of Samkhya Philosophy. This system is sometimes, described as the ‘atheistic Yoga’ as distinguished from Yoga Philosophy, which is also referred as ‘Theistic Samkhya. This system is accepted as the main opponent of Vedanta Philosophy which is a non-dualistic philosophy; whereas, Samkhya maintains a clear-cut dualism between Purusha (Pure Consciousness, soul) and Prakriti (nature, manifested being, mind-body complex); further maintains the plurality of Purusha, and is silent on God. It is often also referred as pluralistic spiritualism, an atheistic realism and uncompromising dualism. International Day of Yoga (IDY), is celebrated annually on 21 June since its inception in 2015. The idea of International Day of Yoga was formally proposed by the current Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi during his speech at the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA), on 27 September 2014. He stated; Yoga is science of life carrying in it the mystery of conservation of health and complete transformation of life. Its techniques offer remedies of health and hygiene chiefly because these are half therapy. Yogic therapy contributes to the integration of personality through healthy body and mind with minimum of time, effort and expense. This is attained by promotive, preventive and curative methods. Whereas Promotive methods bring in homeostatic functioning in the body, Preventive methods protect individuals from exposure to bad influences and Curative methods bring cure in the disturbed psychophysiological function. Hatha Yoga is one of the first types of Yoga with which people have become acquainted world over. Most of the physical formats of Yoga as are popular today are all types of Hatha Yoga. The word ‘hatha’ consists of two seed words – ‘ha’ (sun) means ‘prana’ or energy flowing within the body and ‘tha’ (moon) means the mind or mental energy. Hatha means to bring balance in the energies of the sun and moon, or unify the vital energy of the body with the mental energy. Education is not just the amassing of information and its purpose is not mere career hunting. It is a means of developing a fully integrated personality and enabling one to grow effectively into the likeness of the ideal that one has set before oneself. Student life is precious period of inner culture, a period concerned with the very important task of laying the foundation of one’s character and personality. Upon this alone depends the making of one’s life. Thoughts come from the minute we wake up until the minute we fall asleep, and even after that they are in our dreams. We undeniably need voluntary thinking, but how to silence involuntary thoughts – thoughts that brings down efficiency, is the cause of stress, anxiety and depression! Yoga provides fulfillment, removes illusions, death and birth, unhealthy condition of body and provides happiness; bringing high spirit, keen intellect and perfection in the practitioner. This path to excellence is illuminated in Yoga Philosophy based on ‘The Yogasutra of Patanjali’. Continue reading “Glimpse into ‘Yoga Philosophy’” In the earlier years man suffered stress. They were probably afraid of attack by wild animals, or dying of hunger or cold. The reaction was simple –‘Fight or Flight’. Unfortunately, in today’s times life is not as simple. Today, the stress situations are either too complex like crash of stock market, environmental pollution, threat of nuclear war or these situations are too mundane to be overlooked like traffic jams, misplacing car keys, foul-ups at work, concern about weight gain and the list goes on. In this sense people are often seen as passive helpless victims of the stress phenomenon. Continue reading “Game of STRESS – What level are you on?” Truth in a civilized society undergoes multiple tests – Is it the Truth? Is it beneficial or harmful? Is it pleasant or unpleasant? Only when it passes all such stages does it qualify of being an acceptable ‘Truth’. Speaking this ‘Truth’ make us a social, law abiding, acceptable individual in the society. However, such ‘Truth’ rather ‘Untruthfulness’ over a period of time puts our system out of harmony by creating mental and emotional stresses leading to a complicated unfulfilling life. Continue reading “‘Satya’ (being truthful) – a gateway to lasting happiness!”
In the beginning, God created humanity for relationship. He had angels to serve and worship Him, but He wanted something more, creatures whom He could enjoy spending time with, made in His image. (Genesis 1, 2) The foundation of this kind of love is freedom to choose. No love exists without this. And so God gave man the option to love Him or not. Ultimately, they chose to go their own way, the consequences being death. However, God had compassion and a plan. In the fullness of time, He sent Jesus, His son to the earth to live a sinless life and die in our place so we could live and have an opportunity to choose Him again. But it doesn’t end there. Jesus rose from the grave in victory and power and offers that same power to you and me. Other religions require you to earn your way into God’s graces. Christianity stands out in contrast because it’s the only faith where God comes and becomes a man, chooses to take on the penalty for sin and to die. This is amazing love! Our part is to simply receive His gift of new life (salvation) and enter into relationship with Him! “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.” John 3:16 The first part is acknowledging that we’ve sinned and gone our own way. Look at your past. Have you lived a perfect life? None of us have. “All have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.” Romans 3:23 There’s much we might regret or be ashamed of. The good news is that when we give our life to Jesus, He takes that sin, cleanses us and give us power to live a new life in Him. “If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.” 1 John 1:9 The second part is receiving that new life and a new relationship with Him. Jesus offers radical transformation of your life, not just a patch-up job. He offers us His power, joy, healing and life. If you’ve never given your life to Jesus and would like to now, pray this prayer: Jesus, I’ve sinned and made a mess of my life. I want the freedom and cleansing that You offer. I thank You for loving me and dying for my sins. I receive Your forgiveness and the new life You have for me. Show me how to walk out this relationship with You. I want to know You more. Amen. Congratulations! You’ve enter into a whole new life experience with Jesus! The meditations on this site will help you grow in developing a relationship with Him, but also encourage you to: It’s amazing that Jesus came to live among us, to experience humanity and to ultimately die for us and rise again. But that wasn’t the end. Jesus said, “It is best for you that I go away, because if I don’t, the Advocate (or Helper) won’t come. If I do go away, then I will send Him to you.” John 16:7. He told His disciples to wait in Jerusalem for the promise of the Holy Spirit and Acts 2:2-4 says “And suddenly there came a sound from heaven, as of a mighty rushing wind, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting…and they were all filled with the Holy Spirit.” This experience is available to all who have accepted Jesus as their Lord and Savior and who want to be empowered and gifted to walk the life God intended. Paul said in 1 Corinthians 6:19, “Do you not know that your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have from God and you are not your own?” Holy Spirit wants to fill you with power and gifts to live the abundant life God has for you. It’s not something you have to work up or strive for, but simply a gift He wants to give you. To understand more fully the work and gifts of the Holy Spirit, read the book of Acts. If you are ready to receive Holy Spirit in a deeper way, pray this prayer: Father, I thank you for sending Jesus to save me from my sins. Now I ask for the power of Holy Spirit to live the life You intended for me to live. Lord Jesus, baptize me in Your Holy Spirit. I receive Holy Spirit now by faith in Your Word. May the anointing, glory and power of God come on me right now and fill my life. I want to be empowered to partner with You to see Your kingdom come, Your will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Thank you Jesus for filling me with Holy Spirit now.” Amen Our world is busy with lots of sounds. Its rare for us to just be quiet and still. It's not easy for us. Yet, it is in the quiet when we can best hear God's voice. Learning to meditate in silence is a valuable tool as well as a spiritual discipline. You may struggle with it in the beginning, but as you continue, you will find God filling the silence with His presence and love. Writing a Breath Prayer Writing a breath prayer is simply finding a sentence or phrase that fits the truth God is desire you to implant deeply in your heart. As often as possible, try to use Scripture as the basis for your prayer. You can use a concordance or an online resource like www.BlueLetterBible.org to look up a word or phrase to help you in this process. Here are some examples to help you get started: Anxious? Worried? Say silently “The Lord is my Shepherd” as you breathe in picturing Jesus’ tender care over you. Then as you breathe out, “I shall not want” (or “I have all I need”) as you release all your cares on Him. Repeat over and over until you feel fully at peace. Stressed out? Overburdened? Say “His yoke is easy” as you breathe in, choosing His easy yoke. “His burden is light” as you breathe out, picturing Him remove your heavy burdens. Fearful? Say “The Lord is for me” as you breathe in picturing His loving protection over you. “Whom (or what) shall I fear?” as you breathe out, releasing all fear to Him. Insecure? Say “I am my Beloved’s” as you breathe in experiencing His pleasure and delight over you. “And He is mine” as you breathe out, fully embraced by the King of Kings. We encourage the phrases to be as close to Scripture, but yet easy to say in one breath. You might need to shorten or adapt to make it flow. If you are struggling with this, ask the Lord to help you or a good friend
Malta-licensed operator NetBet has moved to enhance its casino gaming content by launching a portfolio of games supplied by Microgaming’s Quickfire. NetBet, which is owned by Cosmo Gaming Company, is an online casino and sportsbook operator active in a number of markets including the UK and France. It also maintains a skin on the top tier of Playtech’s iPoker network which was merged with Poker770 in September last year. Among the titles to launch are the popular Thunderstruck II and branded Terminator 2 game, with more titles to be added over the coming weeks. “Microgaming games are the best in the industry; therefore it was a logical step to integrate with their open platform, Quickfire,” a spokesman for the operator commented. “We firmly believe that by adding these games, we will attract more players to our casino.” Microgaming’s head of product channels Neill Whyte said that while NetBet offers hundreds of casino games, the agreement with Quickfire will allow it to offer players “the industry’s best and most entertaining content.” “Our well-known game titles will definitely help NetBet to attract new players to their site,” Whyte added.
How to Install iOS 11 on iPhone 7, 7 Plus, 6s, 6, SE, iPad and iPod Apple has finally released the highly-anticipated iOS 11 update for a spate of devices including the iPhone 7/7 Plus, iPhone 6/6s, iPhone SE, iPhone 5s, iPad Mini 2 and above, and iPod Touch sixth-gen. iOS 11 will also be available on the newly launched iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus and the flagship iPhone X out-of-the-box. Here's the complete step-by-step guide to help you download and install iOS 11 on all compatible iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch devices either via OTA or clean installation. Before you proceed please check if your device appears in the compatibility list below. iOS 11 Device Compatibility List Here's the full list of iOS 11 compatible devices: • iPhone X • iPhone 8 • iPhone 8 Plus • iPhone 7 • iPhone 7 Plus • iPhone 6s • iPhone 6s Plus • iPhone 6 • iPhone 6 Plus • iPhone SE • iPhone 5s • iPad (9.7-inch) • iPad Pro (9.7-inch) • iPad Pro (12.9-inch) • 2017 iPad Pro (12.9-inch) • 2017 iPad Pro (10.5-inch) • iPad mini 4 • iPad mini 3 • iPad mini 2 • iPad Air 2 • iPad Air • iPod touch 6th generation Note: It is recommended to perform a full data backup of your device using iTunes or via iCloud, before installing iOS 11 on it in order to prevent unexpected data loss. How to Install iOS 11 via OTA Method Over-the-air (OTA) method is the easiest and quickest way of installing iOS 11 on your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch. However, if you are looking for a seamless performance then you should definitely try the clean installation method. Step 1: Go to Settings > General > Software Update on your 64-bit iOS device running iOS 10. Step 2: If your device is supported, an iOS 11 OTA update prompt should appear on the screen. Step 3: Once the iOS 11 update shows up, just hit the Download and Install button to start the installation process. iOS 11 Clean Installation Method Note: Clean installation method is highly recommended to ensure better battery life and performance as an OTA upgrade to iOS 11 will retain older iOS 10.x system files, which may not be optimized to run well on the newly installed OS. Ensure that your PC or Mac is running the latest version of iTunes. Download iTunes 12.7 with iOS 11 support for Windows and Mac here. Download the necessary IPSW file for your device, using the direct download links provided below. Ensure that you have backed up important data and settings on your iOS device, before you proceed. iOS 11 IPSW Direct Download Links How to Clean Install iOS 11 on iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch via iTunes • Once you have downloaded the necessary IPSW file from the links provided, just go to Settings > iCloud > Find My iPhone and ensure that you toggle the switch to OFF position to disable the feature. • Connect your iOS device to PC or Mac with the Lightning cable that’s shipped with your iPhone or iPad. • At this moment, iTunes should launch automatically. Otherwise, just launch it manually and wait for iTunes to detect the device in the source list. • Select your iOS device from the source list in the iTunes window and expand the Settings option to view the new features. • You are now required to do a manual restore instead of the standard iTunes restore. Press and hold Alt key on Mac or Shift key on Windows computer and then hit the Restore iPhone button. • Just select the specific IPSW firmware file that you downloaded earlier for your device, when iTunes prompts you to select the installation file. iTunes will now install the clean version of iOS 11 on your device. • Once the installation completes, you will prompted to run the standard setup process before first use of the device. You will also be presented the option to setup the device as new or restore data from backup. Ideally, if you are facing performance issues then we recommend the first option, which involves setting up the device as new. iOS 11 Plagued with Untested Bugs and Early Adoption Pitfalls Reports of nagging iOS 11 issues have started pouring in just a day after the software was released by Apple on supported devices. How to Downgrade iOS 11 to iOS 10.3.3 on iPhone or iPad Here is a simple guide to downgrade iOS 11 to iOS 10.3.3 on iPhone or iPad. How to Fix iOS 11 OTA Stuck on ‘Preparing Update’ Issue Here’s a simple guide to fix iOS 11 OTA file stuck on “Preparing Update…” issue. iOS 11: Over 150 Hidden Features for iPhone and iPad Revealed [Full List] iOS 11 has a treasure trove of hidden features that could enable you to explore the untapped potential of your iPhone and iPad. iOS 11 Release Time for Various Time Zones Across the Globe Check out the complete list of time zones for iOS 11 release time across the globe. MORE IN ITECHPOST The Role of Technology in Education in 2019 2019 is proving to be another great year for trends in educational technology. There are many upcoming trends that seem to have a bearing on the future of the sector with respect to technology. New Retroreflective Material Could be Used in Nighttime Color-Changing Road Signs BUFFALO, N.Y. -- A thin film that reflects light in intriguing ways could be used to make road signs that shine brightly and change color at night, according to a study that will be published on Aug. 9 in Science Advances. Top 5 Video Games to Play for a Truly Unique First Date Video games have a way of taking us outside of ourselves and live in a fantasy world. It's even better when you're playing a game with someone special!
You'll have an a-MAIZE-ing time crafting with this autumn stamp set! This collection of 21 clear stamps contains a cute scarecrow, crows, sunflowers, corn stalks, pumpkins, and matching sentiments. Coordinating Lawn Cuts: Happy Harvest Lawn Cuts Approximate stamp sizes: [scarecrow] 2 3/8"W x 2 5/8"H [wagon] 2"W x 1 3/8"H [you're a-maize-ing] 3 1/4"W x 1/2"H [large sunflower] 1 1/4"W x 1 3/16"H [front facing crow] 1/2"W x 3/4"H Made with care in the USA! Are ewe ready for the holidays? This set of 26 clear stamps features puffy sheep, mistletoe, yarn, knitting needles, matching sentiments, and other cute Christmas... Coordinating stamp set: Baaah Humbug Lawn Cuts custom craft dies are high-quality steel, made in the USA, and are compatible with most die cutting machines! Don’t worry, be hap-pea! This fun stamp set features smiling peas, pea pods, and matching sentiments that are great for birthdays, apologies, baby showers, “i...
802.359.5000 | WILD BIRD HOTLINE: x510 August 23 | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm An event every day that begins at 10:00 am, repeating until August 31, 2019 Marc Beerman dedicates his time to photography, and is known as “Old Man Photographer” by his children. Marc’s interest in photography started with taking and developing black and white film. After a several decade hiatus, raising a family, career, etc., his free time and interest returned to photography. Having a strong love of nature, Marc’s main focus is wildlife and landscape photography. His camera allows him to explore and capture the innocence, simplicity, and beauty of the world around him. It is Marc’s passion to find the perspective that captures not only the beauty of the subject but a lasting memory. View more photography by Marc Beerman at www.oldmanphotography.com. The Artist Exhibition will be on display at the VINS Nature Center from May 17 to August 7, 2019. For more information contact us at firstname.lastname@example.org or 802.359.5000.
The recent hit film “Lincoln” depicts the mighty struggle that took place behind the battlefields of the US Civil War, in the political and legal arena of the US Congress in 1865. The film has resonated deeply with audiences – maybe because they have recognized striking similarities between the political climate of 1865 and that of today. The issues might be different, but the impassioned political polarization is very much the same. After seeing “Lincoln,” readers of the Christian Science Sentinel and the Monitor might gain new appreciation for this sentence from Mary Baker Eddy’s book “Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures”: “Legally to abolish unpaid servitude in the United States was hard; but the abolition of mental slavery is a more difficult task” (p. 225). You might ask, what could possibly be more difficult than the arduous political battle that took place in the US to legally abolish slavery? “Lincoln” makes clear just how daunting this struggle was. And another question: Just what constitutes “mental slavery” in the first place? Mrs. Eddy goes into elaborate detail on these points. Based on the teachings of Jesus, Science and Health speaks of mortals as still being in “bondage to material sense” and calls for a universal freedom for all people from “the fetters of sin, sickness, and death” (pp. 225-226). These “prison chains” certainly fall under the category of “mental slavery.” Whatever forms sin, sickness, and death take, they are overbearing and oppressive conditions of thought that would keep us from living free and joyous lives. So, what makes their abolition so challenging? After all, if they are so undesirable, one could argue that finding freedom from their grasp should be easy. Yet doing so requires a major mental shift and a deep consecration to God. It entails breaking free from materialism and finding satisfaction in spirituality. This can feel like an uphill fight – as if defeating the heavy pull of materialism in society is a losing battle. Yet this effort puts us on the right side of history. Abolitionists were on the right side of history, by doing their part to bring freedom to slaves. Yet at first it may have seemed far easier for them to give up the fight and keep the status quo. Their struggle required immense courage. This is equally true in our battle against mental slavery and materialism. It may seem easier to simply go with the flow of a material, mortal life. But a genuinely moral life is one that rises up with the omnipotent, omnipresent power of divine Love to overthrow materialism. It is one that recognizes the rightness in winning freedom from sin, sickness, and death, because this freedom brings real and lasting joy. The good news is this: If history gives us any clue, we’re guaranteed to prevail in this fight. Good always wins. Each step we take in the battle, each prayer we pray for triumph over sin and for health instead of disease, brings us a little closer to the ultimate victory – permanent and perfect peace. From an editorial in the Christian Science Sentinel.
Starting from birth and for the whole life: the Italian Pediatric Society (Società Italiana di Pediatria, SIP) started its activities in far 1898 proposing an innovation that would have signed a enormous change for the coming decades: separate the care of sick children from adult general medicine. With its 10 thousand members, SIP represents a common home for all Italian Pediatricians with the participation of those working for Universities or in Hospitals, or in the Community or as Family Pediatricians. Our mission is: “to promote and protect physical and psychic health of newborns, children and adolescents of every culture and ethnicity safeguarding their rights in society from conception on”. The principal activities are: continuous education for Italian Pediatricians; scientific information regarding pediatrics for Health Autorities, Physicians, Families and Associations; consultancy for Institutions – from the Health Ministry to Regional Health Departments, from the two Parliament Houses to Italian Provinces and Municipalities – in regards to problems related to early childhood and adolescence. 19 regional sections, 17 affiliated scientific societies with specific competences, 8 study groups with different interests and competences refer to SIP. To reach its objectives the Italian Pediatric Society uses different communication tools: ○ The Society’s web site ○ Italian Journal of Pediatrics, the Society’s Scientific Panel ○ Prospettive in Pediatria, Journal for continuous education and cultural discussion ○ Area Pediatrica, offcial panel for continuous education in Pediatrics ○ Conoscere per Crescere, Journal of Italian Pediatricians for associations, schools and families ○ Pediatria, the Society’s magazine ○ social networks, Facebook and Twitter The Italian Society of Pediatrics has started numerous projects for promotion, health safeguarding and care enhancement, some of these are: - Elaboration of the Lifelong Vaccination Calendar (together with other Scientific Societies) which represents the scientific foundation of the new National Vaccination Plan of the Ministry of Health. - Communication and Information campaigns to families (poster False Vaccine Miths , poster VaccinQuiz, SIP pediatricians offering phone support to parents during the European Immunization Week) for the promotion of a nationwide vaccination culture. - Participation in the document draft Right alimentation and nutrition education during early childhood as technical panel of the Ministry of Health. - Communication and information campaigns to families for the promotion of Right Alimentation and a Healthy Lifestyle (elaboration of the Transcultural Nutritional Pyramid , of the Physical Activity Pyramid , and the Physical Activity Guide for Children). - Educational Programmes for Health Care Professionals of Reception Centres in order to improve the health-reception of newly arrived Immigrant Minors, according to SIP guidelines of the Study Group for Immigrant Minors. - Adolescent Health Survey of middle and high school students in collaboration with Regional Education Officies. - Protocol of Understanding with the Postal Police and Facebook for the promoting of online security for families. - Realization of the Dossier Childrens’ Health and Regional Health Care Systems: unacceptable differences by the SIP’s Bioethics Committee that has highlighted the inequality of accessibility to Health Care due to the Regionalisation of Health Care Services. - Protocol of Understanding with ABIO, Associazione Bambino in Ospedale (Child in Hospital Association) for the accreditation of Italian pediatric wards to the Charter of the Child and the Adolescent in Hospital. - For more information visit the website ( www.sip.it)
Welcome to Creek Hill & White Oak Apartments Creek Hill & White Oak Apartments offer spacious one bedroom and two-bedroom complexes for rent in Webster, NY. Known for comfortable apartment homes in a convenient location, our communities offer elegant, modern amenities within walking distance of Eastway Wegmans and Baytowne Plaza. 1 & 2-bedroom Apartments Ideal for any lifestyle, the spacious one and two-bedroom apartments at Creek Hill and White Oaks offer air conditioning, ceiling fans, and patio or balcony. Relax in your apartment home knowing anything you could ever need is just minutes from your new front door in Webster, NY. Creek Hill and White Oaks offer you the convenience of on-site laundry facilities and off-street parking. Plus, our walking and biking paths make it easy for you and your furry friends to get some exercise. The one and two-bedroom complexes at Creek Hill are ideally located in the town of Webster, near Abraham Lincoln Park. Our communities afford you access to a variety of activities, as well as the necessities of daily life: - Close to Major Roadways – I-590 and Route 104 - Minutes to Baytowne Plaza and Wegmans - RTS Bus Service on Empire Blvd and Creek St - Near Irondequoit Bay - Located in Webster School District At Creek Hill & White Oak Apartments, you’re never far from the action. Explore our interactive neighborhood map. Creek Hill and White Oaks apartments are pet friendly apartment communities. Our spacious homes are ideal for sharing with your furry companion and nearby you will find veterinary care and specialty pet supply stores. Contact our leasing office to learn more about our pet friendly apartments for rent in Webster, NY.
Basic Gene Expression Characteristics of Glioma Stem Cells and Human Glioblastoma.Anticancer Res39, 597-607.(2019). Revealing potential cardiac manifestation of ADPKD using iPS cell-derived cardiomyocytes.Ebiomedicine.(2019). Epigenetic age is a cell-intrinsic property in transplanted human hematopoietic cells.Aging Celle12897.(2019). Recapitulating endocrine cell clustering in culture promotes maturation of human stem-cell-derived β cells.Nat Cell Biol21, 263-274.(2019). An integrated analysis to predict micro-RNAs targeting both stemness and metastasis in breast cancer stem cells.J Cell Mol Med.(2019). Poly-l/dl-lactic acid films functionalized with collagen IV as carrier substrata for corneal epithelial stem cells.Colloids Surf B Biointerfaces177, 121-129.(2019). Ureter tissue engineering with vessel extracellular matrix and differentiated urine-derived stem cells.Acta Biomater.(2019). Nr2f-dependent allocation of ventricular cardiomyocyte and pharyngeal muscle progenitors.Plos Genet15, e1007962.(2019). Concise Review: Skeletal Muscle as a Delivery Route for Mesenchymal Stromal Cells.Stem Cells Transl Med.(2019). Isolation of Neural Stem Cells from Whole Brain Tissues of Adult Mice.Curr Protoc Stem Cell Biole80.(2019). MicroRNA-132 in the Adult Dentate Gyrus is Involved in Opioid Addiction Via Modifying the Differentiation of Neural Stem Cells.Neurosci Bull.(2019). Functional equivalency in human somatic cell nuclear transfer - derived endothelial cells.Stem Cells.(2019). A Review of Cell-Based Computational Modeling in Cancer Biology.Jco Clin Cancer Inform1-13.(2019). Modelling of photoreceptor donor-host interaction following transplantation reveals a role for Crx, Müller glia and Rho/ROCK signalling in neurite outgrowth.Stem Cells.(2019). Effect of graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis regimens on T and B cell reconstitution after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.Biol Blood Marrow Transplant.(2019). Patterning of human epidermal stem cells on undulating elastomer substrates reflects differences in cell stiffness.Acta Biomater.(2019). Metabolic and Organelle Morphology Defects in Mice and Human Patients Define Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 7 as a Mitochondrial Disease.Cell Rep26, 1189-1202.e6.(2019). MAP4K4 Activation Mediates Motor Neuron Degeneration in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.Cell Rep26, 1143-1156.e5.(2019). imaging of β-cell function reveals glucose-mediated heterogeneity of β-cell functional development.Elife8.(2019). The Embryonic Stem Cell-Specific Transcription Factor ZFP57 Promotes Liver Metastasis of Colorectal Cancer.J Surg Res237, 22-29.(2019). In-stem molecular beacon targeted to a 5'-region of tRNA inclusive of the D arm that detects mature tRNA with high sensitivity.Plos One14, e0211505.(2019). Abrogation of Stem Loop Binding Protein (Slbp) function leads to a failure of cells to transition from proliferation to differentiation, retinal coloboma and midline axon guidance deficits.Plos One14, e0211073.(2019). REST and Neural Gene Network Dysregulation in iPSC Models of Alzheimer's Disease.Cell Rep26, 1112-1127.e9.(2019). Epigenetic demthylation of sFRPs, with emphasis on sFRP4 activation, leading to Wnt signaling suppression and histone modifications in breast, prostate, and ovary cancer stem cells.Int J Biochem Cell Biol.(2019). Neuropods.Cell Mol Gastroenterol Hepatol.(2019). PP2ACα deficiency impairs early cortical development through inducing DNA damage in neuroprojenitor cells.Int J Biochem Cell Biol.(2019). Upregulation of Proteolytic Pathways and Altered Protein Biosynthesis Underlie Retinal Pathology in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.Mol Neurobiol.(2019). Comparable Outcomes after Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation from Mother Donors and Matched Unrelated Donors in Patients with Hematopoietic Malignancies.Biol Blood Marrow Transplant.(2019). Identification of the X-linked germ cell specific miRNAs (XmiRs) and their functions.Plos One14, e0211739.(2019). Open Chromatin, Epigenetic Plasticity, and Nuclear Organization in Pluripotency.Dev Cell48, 135-150.(2019).
WASHINGTON – A federal plan to stop unwanted telemarketing calls this year with a national “do-not-call” list may be delayed because of opposition from key lawmakers. Rep. Billy Tauzin (R-La.), chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said Wednesday that he and other committee members were wary of approving the permanent funding sought by the Federal Trade Commission. Tauzin said he was interested in supporting the registry as a pilot program that would be renewed if it appeared to work. “We simply want to make sure it’s done right,” he said at a congressional briefing. The FTC believes the do-not-call registry will cost about $16 million in its first year and would be paid for with fees collected from telemarketers. Collecting the fees requires congressional approval. FTC chairman Timothy Muris, testifying before the committee, agreed that funding the project for a couple of years is a reasonable option, but unless approval comes soon the agency won’t meet its goal of having the registry working by summer. If approval doesn’t come by early February, the program could be pushed back a year, FTC officials said. Ken Johnson, a spokesman for Tauzin, said the congressman does want to fund the do-not-call registry for one or two years. He said the committee is “going to do everything we can to see that the program goes into effect this year.” The do-not-call list is part of revised federal telemarketing rules issued by the FTC last month. Consumers could enroll in the free service using the Internet or a toll-free number. Telemarketers would have to check the list every three months to find out who does not want to be called. Those who call listed people could be fined up to $11,000 for each violation. More than 24 states already have their own do-not-call lists or pending legislation to create them. Muris said most states plan to add their lists to the FTC registry. Lawmakers on the House committee universally praised the national do-not-call list, but voiced concerns about the FTC’s limited authority to police telemarketing calls from certain industries, including airlines, banks and telephone companies. Muris said the Federal Communications Commission, which oversees calls made by those industries, is working with the FTC and is considering adding its clout to the national registry. Tauzin’s concerns echo those made by the Direct Marketing Association, which represents telemarketers. “The FTC acted prematurely in attempting to establish this list,” said Robert Wientzen, the group’s president. It said it may challenge the rules in court, contending that they unlawfully restrict free speech. The DMA spent at least $1.2 million on lobbying in the last Congress, according to reports compiled by PoliticalMoneyLine, a nonpartisan website that tracks political spending. Charities, surveys and calls on behalf of politicians also would be exempt from the registry. Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) said he would a prefer a do-not-call list without those exemptions. When Muris said a law passed by Congress prevents the FTC from dealing with political calls, Barton said: “We’ve seen the enemy and he’s us.” Rep. Edward Markey (D-Mass.) called the do-not-call list “a giant step forward for consumers who are often plagued by unwanted, intrusive, unsolicited telemarketing.” Markey’s remarks were interrupted by the loud ringing of his cell phone. Answering the call, he said, “No, I don’t want to change my phone service. How did you get my cell-phone number? I’m in a congressional hearing right now.” Markey’s staff said after the briefing that the congressman had turned up the volume on his phone and arranged to receive the call to make his point about intrusive telemarketing.
Title: RMIT Animation Graduate Films Client: RMIT University Tutors: Multiple including John Lycette & Mark Lycette Brief: Graduates of the Bachelor of Design (Animation) at RMIT University complete a short animated film, we are acts as mentors and advisors in their production. The video above is a showreel, complete graduate films can be viewed here.
02/11/2012 by noonobservation You don’t have to be mad to be a Napoleonic Field-Marshal, but it helps. When Napoleon escaped imprisonment on Elba … Continue reading Category: The Napoleonic Wars | Tags: History, Marshal Blucher, Napoleonic Wars, Prussia, Waterloo Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 50 other followers
If you have had chickenpox at some stage in your life, you need to be alert for the symptoms of shingles. After you’ve had chickenpox, the virus that caused it stays in the nerve cells near the spine, but is not active. However, shingles occurs when the virus becomes active again.Most people who have had chickenpox by the time they turn 40 are at risk of developing shingles which at times can occur without any known trigger.But there are risk factors and these include if you:* are over 50, particularly if you are older than 80* have HIV and AIDS* have had an organ transplant* have recently had a bone-marrow transplant* are having chemotherapy* are experiencing physical and emotional stress. Shingles may occur at any age, but is more common in people over the age of 50. Thankfully, most people have shingles only once.The first signs of shingles are usually a burning, tingling or sensitive feeling on an area of skin, followed by a red rash with fluid-filled blisters which develops a few days later. The blisters slowly dry up, develop a crust and then heal.The physical signs of shingles rash may look like chickenpox. However, while it is usually more painful and less itchy than chickenpox, some people have no pain, while others may experience pain but have no physical signs of a rash.Shingles can cause a condition called post-herpetic neuralgia, in which the affected area of skin stays painful or sensitive for weeks or months after the shingles rash has cleared. Post-herpetic neuralgia is caused by nerve damage and medical treatment should be sought.Shingles can also cause other problems. According to the Mayo Clinic, if blisters are experienced on or around the eye there is a strong risk of vision impairment. Depending on the extent of the nerve damage, shingles can also cause encephalitis, facial paralysis and hearing problems.A range of treatments is available for shingles. If the condition is identified in its early stages, antiviral medicines can help to control the symptoms while also helping to control the rash and minimise damage to nerves.The pain of shingles may be relieved by taking over-the-counter pain relievers but if it’s severe, more powerful drugs may be recommended. Speak to your pharmacist about over-the-counter medicines that may be best for you and also about any medicines prescribed by your doctor.It also is important to keep the rash clean and dry to reduce your risk of developing an infection. Cover the rash, so that the virus is less likely to spread.
The Riverside County High School (RCHS) Cal-SAFE (California School Age Families Education) program is a part of the RCOE Community School. RCOE began serving pregnant and parenting teens in 1971, and the Cal-SAFE program became operational in 2000, incorporating elements of the former Pregnant Minors; School Age Parenting and Infant Development; and the Pregnant and Lactating Students programs. Cal-SAFE operates under the direction of the Riverside County Superintendent of Schools. The goal of the RCHS Cal-SAFE program is to prepare students for college and careers by providing a supportive environment to ensure graduation from high school. The program assists teen parents in the development of self-esteem and confidence while they work toward securing a high school diploma, or passing the High School Equivalency Test (GED or HiSET) or California High School Proficiency Exam. Infant and childcare are provided by the Children and Family Services Department. The RCHS Cal-SAFE program is a comprehensive and community-linked program that serves students with intensive academic and personal needs. The program provides transition services that include the development of post-secondary goals including parenting skills, self-sufficiency, and career education. Cal-SAFE students are provided additional targeted support services related to school and life-long success. Those services include health screenings and education, child development, and parenting skills. Children of enrolled parents receive childcare, health screenings, and enhanced school readiness services. Female and male students under the age of 18, who are expectant or custodial parents or parents taking an active role in the care and supervision of their child, may enroll in Cal-SAFE with a referral from their school district of residence. The Riverside County Cal-SAFE program is located in three regions throughout Riverside County. Cal-SAFE Site Locations 26868 San Jacinto Street, Hemet, CA 92543
(The original version of this article was first published on the Mp3 Backing Trax website circa 2006 – 2012) In this article I look at solutions for guitar players who need to start and stop their backing tracks using a footswitch contol… Sadly there’s much less call for bands nowadays. With good backing tracks, a solo act can get just as good a sound as a band and it’s cheaper for the venue to pay one person rather than pay a four or a six piece band. Bands also often have a limited shelf life before they eventually split (usually citing “artistic differences” which really means they split up over arguments about money or women…usually both)! Ok, I’m joking. Some band members just become too busy with their other jobs or leave the band to pursue other careers. Other members may move to another town or city (usually with another band members wife). Take it easy, I’m joking again! All light-heartedness aside, there are less bands around today than there used to be which has prompted many ex-band members strap their guitar over their shoulder and re-invent themselves as a solo act. These guitar players use guitar backing tracks to create the sound of a full band, playing live guitar on top of the tracks. But finding a solution which allows them the ability to start and stop their backing tracks without taking their hands off the guitar has always been a bit of a dilemma for guitar players. The ideal solution would be some sort of footswitch which, when pressed, will start or stop or pause the backing track. At the time of writing I know of a couple of solutions to this problem. They consist of start/stop controls for a laptop, a minidisc, and the iPod. Laptop and Minidisc Footswitch I only play guitar in the studio these days, not live on stage, but I regularly work with a guitar playing friend of mine and over the years he has used both a laptop with a footswitch and a minidisc player with a footswitch to great effect. These were not off-the-shelf solutions though. He employed a local electronics engineer to create these start/stop footswitches specially for him. So first thing you should do is pop in to your local music shop and have a word with the engineer there and ask him his advice. If you explain exactly what you’re trying to achieve with the footswitch and the hardware you are curently using for playing your backing tracks, he may just be able to advise you of an off-the-shelf device that will do the job or he may be able to build you a bespoke solution. iPod Start Stop remote control The start/stop workaround that I suggest for the iPod is not actually a footswitch, so may not be entirely suitable for a guitarists purposes. But don’t write the idea off yet – read on…it could still get around the problem of your hands needing to be on your guitar. The solution is a wireless (RF) remote control which is small enough to stick on to your guitar body. I suggest using a piece of double-sided velcro so it’s within easy reach. Using this solution, you only need to take your right hand off your guitar strings for a split second to operate it. This should work fine for most songs because if you use good guitar backing tracks they should all have count-in before the track starts which gives you plenty of time to start your iPod and then move your hand on to your guitar strings. Similarly, at the end of most songs you will most probably be sustaining a chord – normally you would sustain the strings on your guitar with your left hand while your right hand performs the last and final “strum”, leaving your right hand free stop the iPod via the remote velcroed to your guitar body. Even songs where there is a bit of a “rall” or a busy guitar piece right at the end where you will be playing some stuff over the final bar, you should still have more than enough time to hit the stop button on the iPod remote on your guitar. And even if you don’t, inserting one of our silent songs for the iPod will give you that extra few seconds you need. Navigation and set lists All three playback methods mentioned above – laptop, minidisc deck, and iPod – allow you to navigate between songs and make up pre-programmed sets etc. For navigation and set lists the laptop does this job better than the others. Queueing up songs and organising set lists is easier on the laptop purely because of the large size of its screen and the amount of software that’s available for laptops. The minidisc deck is not so versatile when it comes to organizing set lists, although you can move around the order of backing tracks on a single minidisc to put them in to a particular order. Just be careful if you’re doing this though. I know one singer who did this and accidentally wiped his full disc! You see to “move” the tracks around on a minidisc deck, you have to unprotect the minidisc first because the page function you call up on the deck to move a track uses a function which is usually only available through the edit button and that same edit button is also used to divide tracks, combine tracks, and yes you’ve guessed, ERASE tracks too. Make one wrong slip and you could be left with an empty minidisc in the machine! The iPod has fantastic navigation albeit a small screen. You can organize your tracks in to albums, make up playlists, and also use the on-the-go playlist function to make up a playlist literally seconds before you go on stage. A little tip/trick you can use is to give all your backing tracks the same album name (e.g MyTrax). This will keep them all in one single folder making them easy to access during a gig. This helps keep your backing tracks seperate from other music you may have in your iPod like background music that you perhaps play during a gig break or even just your own personal listening music. An alternative tip to keep your backing tracks seperate from the other music in your iPod is to precede the name of every backing track with a particular number or character so that they display together within the big pool of music that’s on your iPod and can be easily identified. I can think of nothing worse happening than starting your backing track of “Hey Jude” only to find you selected the Beatles singing “Hey Jude” by mistake because you had the original song AND the backing track on your iPod! So an example of how to avoid this problem may be to label your backing track 00My Way, 00New York New York, 00 Strangers in the night, which means all your backing tracks will appear right at the beginning of your list so you don’t need to scroll too far to select them during a gig. Another example may be traxMy Way, traxNew York New York, traxStrangers in the night (you get the idea). For a list of backing tracks specially created for guitar players with all the guitar parts removed – so you can play live along with the track – have a look at our guitar backing tracks section.
Our first album release “Say It All With A Kiss” by TeenCanteen has been awarded a glowing 5 out of 5 in a review by The Music Brewery: “It’s really hard to fault Say It All With A Kiss, overall it’s a nicely balanced album. TeenCanteen perfectly blend light and shade, understand the pace of a record and[…] Those lovely folks at Electronic Sound Magazine interviewed our very own Stephen Solo about Pii. Here’s the article: Our very own Emme woods has been named Artist Of The Week in this week’s Scotland On Sunday. You can read the article here. Many thanks to Derick. The National has published and amazing article about Last Night From Glasgow by Alan Morrison. Alan Writes “For me, the arrival of new label Last Night From Glasgow (LNfG) is a shaft of sunlight emerging from behind the clouds”. He says “LNfG steps up a level when you look at the quality of the[…] Last Night From Glasgow and our first release, the single ‘The Ballad of the Nearly Man’ by Mark W. Georgsson, featured in Scotland On Sunday on 16th May 2016. Everyone here at Last Night From Glasgow would like to thank the fine people at Overblown for featuring us on their front page. Things are gathering pace and it is gratifying that so many other people are taking an interest in what we’re trying to achieve. The whole concept of the Label revolves around building[…]
I have just come back from my favourite place, Llangiwg Church, which lies above Pontardawe in South Wales. It has views in one direction North to the Brecon Beacons and Pen Y Fan and to the South to Swansea. It is peaceful and calming, with the sounds of nature in the background. I find it a place where I can recharge and reconnect with myself. In a time of chaos, change and uncertainty I can stroll in the church yard and be at peace. I cannot explain to you why, perhaps it is because my family make up a large percentage of the graves, perhaps it is because it is somewhere I have been going since I was a baby. I don’t really know. I can only recommend it to you as place of peace and a place of restoration. This is a picture I took last year. This is a view I took of the view towards Pen Y Fan This is a view of the farm where my Aunt lived when I was a child. Its about 2 miles from the church. This is a pic of my father outside the church Another shot from last year A shot from 2014 Finally a family pic of my father at his family farm just below the church in the 1950s
Hey, my name is Gregory Fluty. I'm a singer/songwriter from Louisa, KY. I graduated from Full Sail University with a degree in engineering. I have a home recording studio along with all the necessary equipment/software to deliver high quality content. If you are interested, you can contact me via Sound Better or Facebook! I attended Full Sail University where I studied audio and music production. I can help you in most areas of mixing and/or mastering; whether you need a simple, clean mix or you need an in depth analysis of your session. I have been singing since I was young and it has always been my favorite part of music overall. I enjoy all genres of music and have most of my experience singing and arranging vocals for Pop, Country, Contemporary Christian, and RnB. On my profile you can find samples of my vocals across a variety of genres. My songwriting experience involves the genres of Pop, Country and Contemporary Christian. Send me a note through the contact button above.
I certainly dont always know, and would guess many a host doesnt always know, what I need until closer to the party city promo code august 2017 event, said Eric Diesel, who writes about food and lifestyle on his. (Speaking of wine kits and mason jars, beer and wine are always great gifts too). If you are given a kitchen assignment, make sure you understand it down to the last detail, unlike the guest.Dinner Party, find out what the menu is, and determine what item to bring.If the stuffing is gone before everyone has had a crack at it, the host cant make more but can easily look around and identify the looters.These suggestions help with the altruistic part of your mission.Not only will your host enjoy looking at their flowers once the holiday is over, but theyll also make for the perfect centerpiece for their Thanksgiving table!Father's Day, everyone knows to get their mother something special on Mother's Day, but dads tend to get short shrift.If you are bringing your famous yam lollipops, will they be ready to serve, sitting in an ovenproof serving dish that can be warmed up while the turkey is resting?Are your white and sparkling wines chilled, and do you have a way to keep the bottles cold while you are getting there?Your yearly holiday card will do just fine.Diesel suggested, piles of plastic containers for sending guests home with surplus food.One of the greatest days of the year is almost here.The last items should be brought only if the host wants them and only if there are enough for everybody. One woman whose annual spread starts with two turkeys and eight pies and goes on from there said the most egregious guests of all time worse even than the relatives new girlfriend who entertained the multitudes with tales of their fantastic sexual escapades were the. But they do not affect the actual opinions and recommendations of the authors. Or talk to the stray great-aunt whos on her own. On Thanksgiving, home kitchens are almost as busy and focused as professional ones, and you shouldnt enter the combat zone any more than you would bust through the swinging doors.Flowers growing in a pot (cyclamens look dapper at this time of year) beat cut stems, which will send the host rooting through the cupboards with gravy-splattered hands to find an empty vase.Dont count on free counter space.If you're broke, offer to help clean.Funerals are so expensive that these days families set up donation funds, so ask if there is one.Somebody brought me a chile pepper plant, which we used, of course.Everyone self-consciously, self-mockingly but also weirdly proudly, talks about gluttony, he said.Wise Bread is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking.The kk gift ideas for 20 more thought you put into the bribe, the better the odds it will be effective a year from now.While youre at it, ask if theres something more that you can bring.
Training Date: St. John’s - July 19th, 20th & 21st 2019 (Fri., Sat., Sun.) with BethAnn Bartlett and Angela Stacey at Family and Child Care Connections located at 50 Pippy Place. The Child Passenger Safety Technician (CPST) training course takes place over 3 days and includes classroom instruction, hands-on practice, a multiple choice exam and a practical exam in the form of a public car seat check clinic. With this training you can: - Plan a community seat check event- Give a booster seat presentation at your local school or community centre- Answer car seat questions for a parenting class or parent-child group- Connect with local law enforcement to plan a roadside check- Meet with parents one-on-one to help- Provide a workshop for your staff The cost for each course varies depending on the instructor's costs and funding - this course will be $130, with 30$ due at registration. This fee includes certification with the Child Passenger Safety Association of Canada for 3 years, a printed copy of the manual and all supplies. Any questions should be forwarded to email@example.com
BEIJING — Asian stocks gained Monday amid investor jitters the U.S.-China trade war might be worsening. Benchmarks in Shanghai and South Korea rose while Hong Kong and Australia were unchanged. Japanese markets were closed for a holiday. Investors were encouraged by hopes global central banks will keep interest rates low to shore up economic growth. But they worry President Donald Trump’s impending Sept. 1 tariff hike on more Chinese imports will scuttle talks aimed at ending their trade war. Wall Street’s benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 index dropped as much as 1.3% Friday after Trump said it would be “fine” if trade talks next month don’t happen.” Safe havens are “still in demand on trade war anxiety,” said Alfonso Esparza of Oanda in a report. “Headwinds remain strong as a deal in the short term between the U.S. and China is a long shot.” The Shanghai Composite Index gained 0.7% to 2,793.67 points while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was little-changed at 25,937.44. Seoul’s Kospi added 0.5% to 1,947.05 and Sydney’s S&P-ASX 200 was flat at 6,582.60. Markets in Taiwan and New Zealand declined. Exchanges in Singapore and Thailand were closed for holidays. On Wall Street, the S&P 500 ended down 0.7% on Friday at 2,918.65. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.3% to 26,287.44 and the Nasdaq lost 1% to 7,959.14. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 18 cents per barrel to $54.33 in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose $1.94 on Friday to close at $54.40. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed 13 cents to $58.40 per barrel in London. It gained $1.15 the previous session to $58.53. CURRENCY: The dollar edged down to 105.47 yen from Friday’s 105.66 yen. The euro gained to $1.1208 from $1.1201.
When preparing your home to withstand summer heat, York Weave roller blinds are the go-to. With absorption and light reflection features to keep spaces cool, York Weave roller blinds are not just window decorations, they're energy efficient window treatments. Made out of quality fabrics and textiles, York Weave roller blinds are available in a wide variety of colors to suit your décor. Easy-to-use, they keep spaces cool and shaded. The collection consists of a range of shapes and sizes to suit all tastes and budgets as well as radiating style and functionality in every corner of your home. Versatility meets style From zoom dimout and sombras blackout fabrics to sunscreen and silver roller blinds, the York Weave collection has something for every home. Create your own shaded haven with York’s trendy designs, while at the same time adding privacy and sophistication to your current décor. Practicality and refinement York Weave roller blinds are the perfect mix of practicality and style, where you can easily view what is on the outside but still enjoy effective shading.
Start your week by asking: how can we rise up to address injustice? Every Monday morning, voices from the Ignatian network will reflect to explore response to injustice through the lens of Ignatian spirituality and previous Sunday’s daily readings. We seek to understand one another’s stories, to individually and collectively rise up to engage in the work of building a more just and peaceful world. Just Parenting provides a framework for discussion around the intersections of parenting, faith, and social justice from the perspective of parents touched by the spirituality of St. Ignatius of Loyola through Jesuit schools, parishes, and other organizations. #JVReflects explores the intersection of faith and justice from the perspective of JESUIT VOLUNTEERS serving as long-term volunteers both domestically and internationally with Jesuit Volunteer Corps and Jesuit Volunteer Corps Northwest. The reflections specifically focus on the cornerstone values of the Jesuit volunteer experience: spirituality, simple living, community, and social justice. Lift Every Voice is a Lent 2016 blog addressing America’s original sin of racism through the lens of Ignatian spirituality and the daily readings. From Ash Wednesday through Easter Sunday, voices from throughout the Ignatian network will lament racial injustice in our communities and reflect on how the Gospel calls us to repent, pray, and act in solidarity with those affected by an enduring legacy of systemic and personal racial discrimination.
Relax and reconnect less than an hour from Perth. Baby, it’s cold outside! Winter is a shock to the system for us Perthians. The temperature drops below 25 degrees and suddenly we’re all hibernating at home with Uber Eats and Netflix. Well, we’re calling it; it’s time to get off the couch and embrace those crisp mornings, cosy cafes and winter woolies, and explore one of Western Australia’s favourite destinations. Only an hour’s drive from Perth, sneak away with your special someone to relax and find yourselves again with a romantic weekend getaway in Mandurah. Room with a view Wake up in one of the gorgeous rooms at Port Mandurah Canals B&B, a luxurious mansion that overlooks the waterways. Spot pelicans and dolphins from your sun-drenched balcony over a warm and hearty home-cooked breakfast. Or, for something extra special, enjoy resort-style comfort and Bali vibes at the Bali @ Avalon, a 5-minute stroll from beautiful Avalon Bay, with stunning rooms set among tropical gardens. Lunch like kings Emerge from your accommodation for a relaxing lunch at Cafe Coast Waterfront Restaurant. A licensed bistro nestled right on the water, this is the perfect place to savour spectacular views of the marina over delicious food and a glass or two of wine or sparkling. Bliss. It may be winter, but there are still plenty of ways to make the most of Mandurah’s waterways! Hire a boat or pontoon and spend the rest of the afternoon cruising the marinas and estuary while soaking up the winter sun. If you’re feeling more energetic, try your hand at fishing or crabbing alongside the locals! When early evening rolls around, there’s no better place to spend happy hour than at the Oyster Bar; Mandurah's premier dedicated wine bar overlooking the spectacular marina. Choose your poison from an incredible selection of the best drops and take in the sunset over grilled oysters and antipasto for an ultra-romantic pre-dinner treat. Taste the local fare No trip to Mandurah is complete without a taste of the famous local Blue Manna crab, and this is the place to do it. A short stroll from the Oyster Bar, head to Flics Kitchen for a romantic dinner on the foreshore. The mouthwatering menu is designed for sharing and is full of fresh, local produce. Choose a variety of dishes and be sure to try the recommended wines and local craft beers while you’re at it! Cosy up at a cafe On day two, embrace the crisp winter morning with a stroll to one of the local cafes for brekkie by the water. DMP Cafe is known for it’s great coffee and unique, sweet creations, so pick up something special – like passionfruit cheesecake with marshmallow fluff – to enjoy later. An arty afternoon Grab a takeaway coffee and set off on one of several public art trails in and around the city and marina. The City Trail will take you on a journey through the centre of Mandurah and along the eastern foreshore, with 15 works of art to discover. Or follow the Marina Trail and walk along the famous Venetian-style canals of Mandurah, and across the ocean marina, uncovering 18 different artworks along the way. Picnic in nature Wrap up your romantic weekend in Mandurah with a visit to the Len Howard Conservation Park. This beautiful wetland area features plenty of nature walks and opportunities to spot unique wildlife. Follow one of the walking trails connected to the reserve and you’ll come across an idyllic grassed area – the perfect spot to cosy up and devour that sweet treat. Find more inspiration and deals for your next getaway at visitpeel.com.au. You may also like Driving: Road to red heartland It’s all about the journey as much as the destination, as STEPHEN SCOURFIELD takes the Great Central Road to Uluru Travel Story: Beautiful south sees whales put on a show MOGENS JOHANSEN enjoys an area often missed by Perth residents Arrivals & Departures: Wildflower season is on the way It’s that time of the year again. All around Western Australia, Mother Nature is rolling out carpets of wildflowers, writes MOGENS JOHANSEN
6 Things to Know Before Buying CBD Oil _ Compare CBD Brands When purchasing any CBD product it is important to know: 1. Price per mg CBD Oil Because CBD is only one of numerous cannabinoids of Hemp Extracts, it is important to understand the real potency of CBD you are purchasing. Many companies show the hemp extract mg on the label which may be 30mg. But if you separate the pure CBD mg, it would be closer to 3mg. WHY ZATURAL? Zatural only gives you the CBD milligram (mg) so you know the true strength of CBD in each bottle. 2. Product of the USA Most CBD oil companies will not list the country source of their products for 2 reasons: 1. They don’t know the source or 2. The CBD from a country such as China where the quality is inferior and grown with chemicals or exposed to chemicals in the processing. WHY ZATURAL? All of our CBD products are are sustainably grown and sourced from premium hemp family farms right here in the USA. This plant is from the Cannabis family but is NOT marijuana. The 2018 USA farm bill made it legal for Industrial hemp to be grown in all 50 states. 3. No Fillers, No Additives, No Artificial Colors or Flavors Read the labels! Other companies use 'other ingredients' including but not limited to: - Ascorbyl Palmitate - Alpha Tocopherol - Monk Fruit - Olive Oil - MCT Oil WHY ZATURAL? Zatural™ not only cuts out the middleman to save you tons of money, but you won't find a more pure and fresh CBD Oil on the market. Zatural™ CBD Oil contains 100% Cannabis Sativa. (if you get the peppermint flavor, pure peppermint essential oil and stevia, a natural sweetener are added). 4. Full Spectrum THC Free CBD Oil vs Isolate CBD Oil Full-spectrum CBD comes from the Cannabis Sativa plant and contains the whole plant full of cannabinoids, including THC. Unless the company specifically states the product is THC Free, you should assume it contains THC(which is the same psychoactive ingredient found in marijuana). When the CBD Oil contains even trace amounts of THC, you run the risk of testing positive on a drug test. The safest way to ensure a negative drug test and the side effects of THC is to completely avoid it. CBD Isolate has been isolated from the plant compounds. Using a process called chromatography, the plant materials are removed. The result is a white powder. The other cannabinoids and plant terpenes are removed. CBD isolate is flavorless and odorless but doesn’t offer all the plant benefits of the full spectrum CBD Oil. Cannabidiol (CBD) is just one of many exogenous cannabinoids found in the cannabis plants. In fact, there are 113 other cannabinoids found in hemp extract. When you select a full spectrum THC Free CBD product, you benefit from this multitude of potentially beneficial exogenous cannabinoids, as well as the plant terpenes and flavonoids found in the original hemp plant. With a full-spectrum product, these compounds are left available in the same ratios that nature intended. The additional compounds found in a full spectrum THC free CBD products include: - All 20 essential amino acids - Calcium and magnesium - Phosphorus and zinc - Omega-3 fatty acids - Vitamins C, E and A - B complex vitamins - Iron and potassium Many CBD enthusiasts believe that full-spectrum CBD products are the most beneficial to your endocannabinoid system and to your overall health. These compounds are all synergistic, meaning each compound interacts with the others to enhance each component, creating an entourage effect. WHY ZATURAL? We, at Zatural™ believe the more natural the better. That is why full spectrum is our choice for Zatural™ CBD Oil. 6. Zatural™ CBD Oil available in many strengths and sizes. For just about every need and budget, you can find the strength, size and flavor you are looking for. Plus Zatural offers dog, cat and horse formulas with exact serving sizes to help take out the guess work on adequate dosages for your pets. 7. FREE Shipping and 30 Day Money-Back-Guarantee Customer Satisfaction is key to our success. If at anytime up to 30 days after purchase, you feel a need to return a product(s), please email or call. We will gladly refund you 100%. We offer Free, Fast Shipping to all 50 states plus reasonable international shipping. Zatural CBD Oil is: - 100% pure Full Spectrum THC Free, Phytocannabinoid Oil from the Cannabis Sativa plant - Freshly sourced from USA farmers - Processed and packaged in the USA - Grown organically without the use of pesticides or herbicides - Highest potency CBD milligram(mg) per dosage - Best price per CBD mg (see comparison chart above)
Scott Osleeb and his best friend Rocio Ildemaro, Team "Full Ascent," have set out to climb Mt. Kilimanjaro from September 8th - 15th, 2019. Their goal is to raise money and awareness for Friedreich's ataxia (FA) and the Friedreich's Ataxia Research Alliance (FARA) in honor of two little girls living with FA, Grace and Stella Smith. Friedreich's ataxia is a rare debilitating, life-shortening, degenerative neuro-muscular disorder. About 5,000 people in the United States and 15,000 worldwide live with FA. Grace and Stella's parents Scott and Susan are close friends of the two taking on this challenge. "Their family has taught me so much about what it means to persevere, to love and to live life to its fullest. When I am down, I think about how those two amazing girls tackle each and every day with dignity," said Scott Osleeb, "I climb for them and all those living each day with FA. As I train for the hardest climb I have ever done, I think about the daily challenges Grace and Stella face and I remember that we all have mountains to climb." Osleeb began thinking of climbing the highest summits shortly after being diagnosed with stage 4 leukemia five years ago. After going through chemo and being hospitalized for long periods, he decided he wanted to start doing things with his life that were important to him and had a purpose. He began taking steps towards climbing the largest mountain in Africa, Mt. Kilimanjaro. Scott and longtime friend Rocio are looking forward to their climb and encouraging others to support their efforts. Once they reach the summit, they will plant a flag in honor of everyone affected by FA. Scott Osleeb is a proud Bostonian currently living in the Berkshires- passionate about the environment, hiking, his dogs and helping others in need. To join the team, donate and for more information, please visit: bit.ly/30VtBP8.
With AE004, the Audio Encyclopedia represented the Bavarian State Opera in its presentations of the operas Richard Strauss, native son of München. The present volume omits Strauss and two other major groups of works: the operas of Wagner and those of the 20th century. We have tried to represent here the breadth of the house's standard works with those exceptions. Adriana Lecouvreur, Roberto Abbado, Margaret Price, Neil Shicoff, Bruna Baglioni La Boheme, Carlos Kleiber, Mirella Freni, Luciano Pavarotti, Wolfgang Brendel La clemenza di Tito Bernard Klee, Gösta Winbergh, Julia Varady, Ann Murray Don Carlo, Carlo Felice Cillario, Eugene Nesterenko, Giorgio Lamberti Don Giovanni, Wolfgang Sawallisch, Ruggero Raimondi, Stafford Dean, Margaret Price Faust, Georges Prêtre, Giacomo Aragall, Mirella Freni,Ruggero Raimondi Fidelio, Karl Böhm, Hildegard Behrens, James King, Kurt Moll Die Fledermaus, Carlos Kleiber, Lucia Popp, Bernd Weikl, Janet Perry Gianni Schicchi, Wolfgang Sawallisch, Rolando Panerai, Lucia Popp, Peter Kelen L'incoronazione di Poppea, Ivor Bolton, Anna Catarina Antonacci, David Daniels Die lustigen Weiber von Windsor, Wolfgang Sawallisch, Kurt Moll, Lucia Popp, Wolfgang Brendel Manon, Julius Rudel, Edita Gruberova, Alberto Cupido, Alberto Rinaldi Manon Lescaut, Giuseppe Patanè, Mirella Freni, Ermanno Mauro, Rolando Panerai Maria Stuarda, Jesus Lopez Cobos, Montserrat Caballé, Brigitte Fassbaender Le Nozze di Figaro, Colin Davis, Hermann Prey, Helen Donath, Thomas Allen Pikovaya Dama, Algis Shuraitis, Vladimir Atlantov, Julia Varady, Elena Obraztsova Rigoletto, Giuseppe Patanè, Matteo Manuguerra, Lucia Aliberti, Piero Visconti Tosca, Giuseppe Patanè, Raina Kabaivanska, Giacomo Aragall, Ingvar Wixell La Traviata, Carlos Kleiber, Edita Gruberova, Neil Shicoff, Wolfgang Brendel Werther, Michel Plasson, Neil Shicoff, Brigitte Fassbaender Die Zauberflöte, Wolfgang Sawallisch, Kurt Moll, Edita Gruberova, Francisco Araiza Clips with Descriptions The Bavarian State Opera in Munich is not only one of the great opera houses of the world, it was also the home theater for Richard Strauss, whose first and last premieres were offered there. Indeed, the CD-ROM, Operas of Richard Strauss, is taken almost entirely from performances in München, so we have not included Strauss's works on Opera from Munich. We have also arbitrarily saved the company's performances of Wagner and of contemporary opera for another project. On this CD-ROM, we provide a view of the rest of the company's repertoire. For the illustrations here, I've chosen some representative duets for tenor and soprano - simply because there needed some criterion was needed. Adriana Lecouvreur offers Margaret Price and Neil Shicoff under Roberto Abbado in a 1990 performance. Faust featured Mirella Freni and Jaime Aragall led by Georges Prêtre. Die lustigen Weiber von Windsor is as bright as ever but far from trivial when heard, as here, with Wolfgang Sawallisch conducting Julie Kaufmann and Peter Seiffert. While this selection does not convey the wit and sonority of Lucia Popp, Kurt Moll and the others in the cast, it suggests the joy of the work and the performance.
Like anything, jewellery is effected by general wear and tear. Moving parts are the most susceptible to breakages because the metal wears away over time. Jewellery should be given a thorough check by a jeweller on an annual basis to maintain the integrity of the piece. Most jewellers won't charge you to assess a piece. Jewellery can more often than not be repaired due to the advancements in technology jewellers have access to today. Venetia can repair jewellery using traditional soldering techniques used for things like chains and clasps or she can have the piece repaired by a laser welder. Laser welding creates no heat and therefore heat sensitive gemstones can be repaired without being removed from their setting, protecting the piece from unnecessary damage. - Resize rings, up or down in size from $40 - $160 - Repair broken chains and bracelets from $25 - Repair costume jewellery from $40 - Re-tip or re-claw settings from $80 - Rhodium plating from $45, includes clean and polish - Solder charms from $25 - Supply and fit missing stones from $10 for marcasites and foil backs. - Supply and fit findings like new clasps and earring hooks from $45 - Emery and polish brass army buckles from $295 - Repair brooch pins from $22 - Shorten watch bands from $22 - Supply and fit new watch pins and lugs from $12 - Pearl and bead restringing from $65 Each jewellery repair is unique, schedule your Repair Consultation now for a tailored quote
Continuing on their mission to introduce the latest cutting-edge technology and industry game-changers, TechSeri.es hosted their first Fashion Panel, “Fashion Disrupted: How Tech is Changing the Way Consumers Shop.” The two-hour long networking and panel event, moderated and led by industry veterans, discussed the developments of e-commerce in line with mobile and tablet technologies, the intersection of online and offline in fashion retail, and resulting changes in consumer shopping behavior. While bite-sized highlights can be found in 140-character portions on Twitter by searching #FashionPanel, what we really wanted to know was: what did our panelists, moderator, and sponsor actually think? How has tech changed the way you shop? “I’m very busy – I’ve lived in cities like New York, Tokyo – so I really don’t have the time to go shopping. Technology has just really made it easier to shop. Just stumbling into people that are interesting and finding out what they’re wearing and what they like, that becomes an inspiration for what I buy.” – Rie Yano, Co-Founder at Material Wrld “I’m a lot more likely to shop offline now. What I didn’t realize before was that the reasons I was turning to online was because there wasn’t an easy way to find what I wanted. You can go online and easily search and get all these options and you’re done. But now, having new platforms on mobile that really connect you to the offline world, that’s more likely to get me out and shopping.” – Sarah Paiji, Co-Founder and CEO at Snapette “I do most of my shopping online. I’m a typical guy – I think the shopping experience in general sorta stinks! I make 90% of my purchases online; that was something that wasn’t available 15, 20 years ago.” – Bryan Wolff, Chief Financial Officer at Bonobos “I’m more impulsive because I’m always worried that if anyone in the world can buy what I’m looking at, then it’s going to disappear immediately. So I always pull the trigger really fast.” – Claire Mazur, Co-Founder at Of a Kind “I’ve been pretty cutting-edge: I’m one of these guys who goes out and discovers websites. I love the Internet; I go out and look there first. Stores, for better or for worse, have become a staging area for where I shop. I hope that what happens next is to find a way to marry the display value of the store with the shopping value of the web.” – Michael Prenez-Isbell, Manager of Emerging Technologies at Condé Nast “Before I joined Gilt, I wasn’t actually even a huge online shopper – I was very much in the store. A girlfriend of my introduced me to Gilt and I was addicted to it within a week. But mobile has completely transformed the industry. The variety of product you can buy on mobile is endless; it’s transformative for business. Most of our consumers are at work and on-the-go, so mobile is crucial to where they are.” – Jyothi Rao, EVP of Fashion at Gilt Groupe “I’ve become a much more active browser and become more aware of brands because of technology. I spend a lot of time on social media and because of that, I’m really aware of brands that are active on digital and I build an affinity for them. I’ve become a more informed and engaged fashion shopper than I was before.” – Mike Hofman, Executive Digital Director at Glamour What is the next biggest opportunity in the fashion tech space, or retail space? “Some kind of innovation in international shipping. As early stage companies, everyone struggles and is limited to their location because of the complexity of dealing with international shipping and customs. If there’s something that could really revolutionize the shipping process – and there’s many more opportunities for brands and individuals to become the store front – it’s a really huge opportunity that really hasn’t been tapped into.” – Rie, Material Wrld “It’ll relate to offline – how people are behaving in stores. Offline to date has been a black box for retailers. There’s no effective way to track how many people are coming in and how many are converting, what they are interested in.” – Sarah, Snapette “The mobile phone is the biggest change in retail in years – it’ll fundamentally shift how all retailers work and operate and connect with consumers. There will be applications around the mobile phone which make for a better shopping experience with online, offline, and in-stores – there is fertile ground for new technology to leverage the opportunity of being in the consumer’s pocket.” – Bryan, Bonobos “Fit is something that’s gotta be solved. More and more people are going to buying online and there’s gotta be a way of knowing if something’s going to fit or how it’s going to look on you.” – Claire, Of a Kind “No doubt it’s in retail, and innovations that have been happening have been amazing. Innovations like people shopping in other people’s closets, the combination of media and retail – we just invested $20 million in Rent The Runway, for example. We think it’s headed in that direction.” – Michael, Condé Nast “What’s going to be the next big wave is around taking the pain points of online shopping and solving for that. Fit technology will be coming out to the market and be used on a lot of sites. We have to gain control on return rates. And another thing is around convenience – you’re going to see mobile wallets, one-click checkouts, and all of those things that really make the whole process a lot faster. On platforms, it’s going to be about speed. How quickly do your images render and how quickly does your content load onto your devices – it’s all going to be critical.” – Jyothi, Gilt Groupe “Editorial sites are layering in e-commerce, and e-commerce sites are layering in editorial. All that gets to really in-depth branding and storytelling. The consumer is really fascinated by inspiration. People are less focused on deals, speed to market, and convenience; although those qualities will always be important, there is a new level of sophistication in fashion buyers online where they are focused on inspiration.” – Mike, Glamour // Third Wave Fashion has been your fashion tech think tank since 2011. We publish the first ever printed fashion tech magazine, Third Wave. Follow us on Twitter or subscribe to our newsletter to stay on top of the latest in fashion tech + wearables.
Your shopping cart is empty! 0 reviews / Write a review Special Offer-Fully functional.OriginalCapacity: approx. 2900Pages at 5% coverageFirst-class productEAN: 4054416486992 All listed company brand names and trademarks are the property of their owners and are used only for identification of respective devices and/or devices. 1x Original Canon 2659B002 Toner CRG718 CRG 718 Black for Canon I sensys MF 728 CDW Yellow XDDOTRRRY Write a review
Download Galaxy Privacy Applock 1.9.1x for Android You are downloading Galaxy Privacy Applock 1.9.1x APK file for Android smartphones/tablets which requires . Galaxy Privacy Applock is one of the best free Tools apps, you should try it. To start downloading the APK file of Galaxy Privacy Applock 1.9.1x make sure you choose one of the server locations below. After downloading the APK file of Galaxy Privacy Applock move the downloaded file to your SD card or your Android smartphone's internal memory and then use any Android file manager you prefer to browse & install it. But make sure you have enabled the third-party app installation to run APK files in Android. Galaxy Privacy Applock is one of the best free Tools apps & you are about to download very latest version of Galaxy Privacy Applock 1.9.1x. So, to start downloading the APK file of Galaxy Privacy Applock on your Android smartphone, we provide direct download link below for Galaxy Privacy Applock 1.9.1x. Galaxy Privacy Applock Android apps is the property & trademark from Viber Media S.Ã r.l. and all rights reserved by Viber Media S.Ã r.l.. You have provided direct downloadable link below to download the original free apk download package. Please be aware that softstribe.com only share the original and free apk installer package for Galaxy Privacy Applock 1.9.1x without any modifications or any alterations within the .apk file package for illegal activities. If you wish to run Galaxy Privacy Applock APK for PC, make sure you read the article. All the apps & games are for home or personal use only. If any apk files download infringes your copyright, please contact us. Galaxy Privacy Applock is the property and trademark from the developer Viber Media S.Ã r.l. Galaxy Privacy Applock file information File name: com-lock-apps-privacy-free-1-9-1x_SOFTSTRIBE.apk Uploaded: March 08, 2017 File size: 2.9 MB Minimum Android version: Galaxy Privacy Applock Versions Galaxy Privacy Applock APK 1.9.1x: Download APK from secure server >> File size: 2.9 MB
For media enquiries, please contact firstname.lastname@example.org Bermuda has long been established as one of the largest and most developed offshore jurisdictions for asset-backed securitisation (ABS) transactions, most notably in the aircraft and aircraft engines sectors, but also significantly in respect of shipping container leases, insurance securitisations through catastrophe bonds or transformation transactions, and other asset classes. Historically, a great deal of aviation-based equity and debt has been raised through Bermuda and we have seen this trend expand in the last decade into a variety of other assets, making Bermuda the automatic choice for ABS deals with an offshore component. This bulletin features a recap of recent securitisation transactions involving Bermuda companies, as well as describing other market developments which we hope will be of interest to our legal colleagues, clients and Bermuda market followers. To continue reading full articles in PDF format: Bermuda Securitisation Bulletin June 2019
You must be logged in to post a comment. This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed. Stay up to date with our latest product releases & events. We'll also send you 10% off your first order. Frequently Asked Questions Shipping and Returns
Just another WordPress site plant porn beautiful lotus in the porn home designer pro. werner 22 ft ladder ft aluminum multipurpose ladder mt 1 werner 22 ft aluminum extension ladder. wall dogs butler wall dogs for concrete. rug under pool table table hover to zoom view larger photo what size rug under table what size rug under 8ft pool table. rustic kitchen light fixture light fixtures rustic rustic kitchen light fixture rustic kitchen light fixtures white marble single bowl blue neon rustic kitchen rustic kitchen light fittings. what is the cheapest way to build a house cheapest way to build a house best way to build a house home design most affordable cheapest self build house uk. lace shower curtains rose shower curtain lace effect shower curtain uk. best vegas pool mirage pool summer vegas pool party dates 2019. coastal table lamps light blue glass table lamp with fabric shade beach themed table lamps uk. custom end table custom end tables logo custom tablecloths near me.
Keto Cleanse Pro Reviews: Are you the one who is looking forward to reduce their weight? Well, there are many people who have been constantly working on their bodies and are trying to manage their weigh tissues but least they do know is that they have to give up on their unhealthy diet as well. There are people with the lack of the information and the knowledge about the weight issues and what should be done in order to get back in shape. There are various ways through which one can get back in shape and therefore these are also worth trying but we the results can take years to show. For like gym sessions and workout routines. If the people are looking or something exciting and wants the body to be cleansed and feel great on the inside then there can be nothing better than the supplements and the products. There are many available in the market place and have great response of people but one has to be careful and knowledge while working with the supplement. There are many supplement which promises to work on the body but are complete waste of money and money. Which is why the complete knowledge of the supplement and its details are necessary so that one should can rely on it completely without any worry or hesitation. Here is one supplement which is known by the name of keto cleanse pro Weight Loss. This is a weight loss supplement which will help the people to get back in shape in a short period of time and will also working clearing the toxic and dangerous wastes out of the body. The people who are keen to be working with the keto diet this supplement can be really prove to be helpful. The keto diet is a big buzz with some amazing results but is difficult to follow on its own which is why one needs this supplement in order to be great with the results. Keto Cleanse Pro will help in getting the body in the state of the ketosis where the body will be able to burn excess fat instead of carbs. The energy levels will be high and one will be able to active and light on the go. The metabolism of the body will also be boosted by the supplement which will help in fast digestion and breaking of the food. The ingredients which have been used in the supplement are all natural and herbal and there are no ill effects of them. The reviews of the supplement by the people who have use it or are currently on the use have stated the supplement to be the best in terms of getting the fast results and that too long lasting. The supplement has helped them to reduce tons of weight which was not possible for them with any other means. What Is Keto Cleanse Pro Advanced Weight Loss Pills And How Does It Work? Are you the one who is tired of their body issues and immediately feel the need of being back in shape? There are many in the world who are fighting with obesity and want to get rid of it but does not want to put in the effort sat the same time which is why they run to the hospitals to get the artificial treatments instead of following the natural processes. There are many cases where the people have harmed their bodies due to these processes and have regret later. If you really want to reduce your body fat and have a slim and fit body then there is nothing better than having hands on e supplements and the products. Here is one supplement which is known by the name of keto cleanse pro. This is a weight loss supplement which will help the people to follow the keto diet and reduce the weight at the faster rate. The keto talk has been a talk of the market from a long time now and are helping the people to burn the fat at the faster rate. The supplement is designed to help the people follow the keto diet and get the maximum benefits of Keto Cleanse Pro. The ingredients which have been used in the supplement are all natural and herbal and there are no ill effects of them which s reason that the people can trust the supplement and have greater benefits of it. If we talk about the working of the supplement then it is very effective and simple at the same time. The supplement is known to come in the form of a pill or capsule which one has to take at the regular basis twice in a day. They also have to maintain a healthy diet and good water intake. The supplement will help the people to set the body in the state of the ketosis for longer period so that the body is allowed to burn the fat instead of carbs at the faster rate. The energy levels of the body will be increased which will help the people to be active and feel light all the time. Keto Cleanse Pro is also works on boosting the metabolism of the body which will help the body to break down the food at the faster rate which ultimately means that the digestive system will be improved. The ingredients which have been used in the supplement are all natural and herbal and there are no ill effects of them which will help the people to trust the supplement. The supplement also works on suppressing the daily diet of the person which will help them on having a strong hold over the eating habits and eating disorders like over eating and emotional eating. This is the best supplement one could get their hands on. Some Active Ingredients Of Keto Cleanse Pro Shark Tank Diet: The ingredients of the supplement play a crucial role in helping the customer understand the product better and also helps them to trust the working of the supplement. The makers and the manufacturers of the supplement have made sure that the people get the complete information and details about the supplement so that they can rely on the product completely and thus this also helps in building a nice relation between the supplement and the customers. unlike other supplements which promises to give the best results but feel hesitant about sharing the details, this supplement makes the customers and their needs the priority. The ingredients which have been used in the supplement in the supplement are all natural and herbal and there are no ill effects of them. The people can use the supplement without any fear in their mind. The main ingredients which has been used in the supplement is the BHB. This is the ingredient which is used in the keto supplements and works on setting the body in the state of the ketosis which is an ideal state to burn the fat instead of the carbs. This will also help in boosting the energy levels of the body. Which Benefits You Can Expect? There can be nothing better than a supplement which shares the benefits with the customers. There are many supplements which do not share the details with the customers and this can harm the trust of the people on the supplement. The makers and the manufacturers of supplement knows their customers and take care of the fact that they have every right to know about the benefits of the supplement. Keto Cleanse Pro Shark Tank is will help the people to decide whether to buy the product or not and will also clear the doubts about the worth of time and money spent on it. Here are some of the benefits of the supplement: - The supplement is beneficial on setting the body in the state of the ketosis which is the ideal state to follow the keto diet. - It will work on improving the energy levels of the body and this will help the people to be energetic and active all day long. - The ingredients which have been used in the supplement are all natural and herbal and there no ill effects of them. - The boost of the metabolism can be seen which will help in improving and fastening the digestive system. - The suppression of the cravings is another benefit which one will experience. Tis will help in having a control over the emotional eating and the over eating. My Personal Experience With Keto Cleanse Pro: I have had the best time while using the supplement. I have been able to shred 17 kilograms of my body fat which is unbelievable. There are no other means which could be bale to give me such great results. I feel never out of energy, always on the go and keeps in fresh and happy. Keto Cleanse Pro is has also proven to suppress the cravings of junk food and sweets. This is the best supplement one could buy.
When we admit we are weak, then we will discover the Strength of the nations. I will punish the world for its evil, the wicked for their sins. I will put an end to the arrogance of the haughty and will humble the pride of the ruthless. Isaiah 13:11 (NIV) It’s an indictment on our nation when we puff up our chest in the face of our enemies and make trite, inaccurate statements about our supposed strength. American pride is finally coming back to haunt us. Our haughty, arrogant spirit has opened the gates of our nation to our enemies. No, America, we are not strong, and we need to finally admit it. Without a radical devotion to Jesus, we have no hope. A NEW AMERICAN REVOLUTION We need our President to humble himself, to admit our extreme vulnerability without God and to lead the nation in cries of repentance. Pastors, do the same. Nothing less than a new American Revolution will stop our downward spiral as a nation. Except, this time we aren’t fighting for our independence. We must humbly repent of our pride, arrogance and self-sufficiency. Instead of overthrowing the authority of the British monarchy, we must submit to the authority of the Kingdom of God. If we understand the nature of God, realization of our weakness is very good news for us—if we repent, cry out to God as a nation and surrender to the King. And what more shall I say? For time would fail me to tell of Gideon, Barak, Samson, Jephthah, of David and Samuel and the prophets— who through faith conquered kingdoms, enforced justice, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the power of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, were made strong out of weakness, became mighty in war, put foreign armies to flight. Hebrews 11:32-34 (ESV) American can become strong out of weakness and put ISIS, cop killers, terrorists and foreign armies to flight—if we turn to God. But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses, so that the power of Christ may rest upon me. 2 Corinthians 12:9 (ESV) PROTESTS VS. REPENTANCE & FORGIVENESS What if we hit our knees and admitted how dark our own hearts can be? The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately sick; who can understand it? “I the LORD search the heart and test the mind, to give every man according to his ways, according to the fruit of his deeds.” Jeremiah 17:9-10 (ESV) God knows the depths of our heart and we are being tested as a nation. Will we humble ourselves or rise up in anger and pride? The answer to that question will determine the direction of our nation. “God opposes the proud, but gives grace to the humble.” James 4:6 (ESV) We have to embrace meekness as a people—if we want our nation to be safe and favored again. PRAYER FOR OUR NATION IS NOT ENOUGH. It’s laughable when celebrities and politicians tweet and post about prayers being given during times of crisis. Are they really praying? To whom? Is the spirit of prayer really driving them, or is it something else? Maybe if we didn’t wait for tragedy to hit before a national movement of prayer launches, we would find the protection and prosperity we so desire. When I shut up the heavens so that there is no rain, or command the locust to devour the land, or send pestilence among my people, if my people who are called by my name humble themselves, and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal their land. Now my eyes will be open and my ears attentive to the prayer that is made in this place. 2 Chronicles 7:13-15 (ESV) Prayer isn’t enough. Per the above passage in 1 Chronicles 7, the prescription for national safety is more involved than simply tweeting a prayer. It will truly take a new American Revolution to see a response like this on a large scale level: - HUMILITY—We are nothing without God. This is why it’s so critical to elect politicians who are meek. Proud, arrogant people give hope in the natural, but spiritually they are a serious liability. - PRAY—Prayer movements must erupt from coast to coast. Never ending, heart rending intercession must launch now. - SEEK—God is calling us into his presence! A holy people running after and encountering God as a lifestyle is a must. - TURN—The vile wickedness in our nation, and in so much of our church, is a stench in the nostrils of God. Repentance has to begin, and when it does, God will finally forgive our sin and hear our prayer! Then, and only then, will God begin the process of healing America. I’d say a revolution like this is well worth it. Let’s do this America. Let’s see our great land become safe, free and prosperous again.
Step 1: Enable Xero - Log in to your PayFast account and navigate to the settings page. - Click on ‘Enable’ next to ‘Xero Integration’. - You will be redirected to Xero - Click Allow Access. Step 2: Map your accounts You need to Map the PayFast account to Xero and your bank account. - Click the edit button next to Xero integration. - You can either select existing accounts in Xero or create new accounts in Xero. Existing account details in Xero: - If you have already added the accounts in Xero the drop-down options will be populated by Xero, these are the accounts that transactions get mapped to in Xero. Create new Account details in Xero - Click "new PayFast Bank account" (This is the account in Xero that all PayFast transactions get mapped to.) - Enter the name you would like to use for this account and an account code that is not listed already on your Xero Chart of accounts (eg: 609 ) - Click "New Business Bank account"(The bank account that PayFast generates payouts to. The Xero system is updated when a payout is made, automating the bookkeeping process.) - Enter the name you would like to use for this account, an account code that is not listed already on your Xero Chart of accounts (eg: 611) and the bank account number that you use on PayFast. - PayFast fees account – PayFast fees charged on each transaction get mapped to this account. (this is default set to Bank fees (404) - Click Update.
Super Bob, man of the century Albion’s greats keep on posting new milestones and here comes another one. On February 3rd, Bob Taylor will make many of us feel very old indeed by reaching his 50th birthday. Or if that one is too much to cope with, what about it being 25 years today since he made his Albion debut? No, doesn’t feel any better… Most of you won’t need too much reminding of Bob’s Albion career, 131 goals across 377 games, many of them scored when the club was at its lowest ebb, the last of them, fittingly enough, struck to return us to our proper place in the top flight, a place that many of us feared we might never see again. In the early 1990s, Bob, brought to the Albion by Bobby Gould, was the beacon around whom we gathered for hope as we played in the third tier for the first time, enduring two seasons in the wastelands before, under Ossie Ardiles, it was Bob’s ridiculous 37 goal campaign that at least put us back on the road to redemption as we clambered back into the second level of the English game. For all that Bob was in his prime through the early ‘90s, I’d argue that his claim to Albion greatness rests with his Second Coming, when he returned here in March 2000 after a brief hiatus at Bolton Wanderers. Indeed, I think that you can make a very strong case that even now, Bob is the most significant Albion player of the 21st century. Think about it. When he returned on March 23rd 2000, the Throstles were hurtling towards the oblivion that is the third tier of English football, back to where we’d spent those two life draining campaigns in the early 1990s. Had Albion made that drop, who knows what kind of club we’d have now, or even if we’d have one at all. But Gary Megson’s “Famous Five” deadline day signings were his antidote to the relegation blues and while Des little, Tony Butler, Georges Santos and Neil Clement all did their bit that year, it was the return of Super Bob that ignited the revival. Goals against Barnsley and Bolton helped get us draws, a brace against Grimsby won three points and put our fate in our hands as we went to the last day. A win over Charlton and we were home. And who clinched it? Bob with a second goal five minutes after Richard Sneekes had given us the lead. Five goals in eight games from Taylor were the key to survival. No Bob, no survival. The arrival of Jason Roberts that summer saw Bob playing second fiddle in a campaign that ended in the play-offs up at Bolton, but the departure of Lee Hughes to Coventry and injuries to Roberts saw Bob back in the forefront as we slowly hunted Wolves down in 2002. A late, poached goal gave us a win at Forest and the belief that we could do it. An early opportunistic strike saw off Coventry, just hours after Wolves had lost at home to Manchester City and you could hear Molineux splintering from here. A goal against Rotherham kept us on target, then it was Bob, tumbling in the area, who won that penalty at Bradford. And finally, with the Premier League so close we could smell it, it was Taylor, chasing in a Clement free-kick, who put the ball and the Baggies over the line. A year later, he was gone, but the legacy of his achievements remain in the Albion you see in the top half of the Premier League today. Super Bob Taylor, top Throstle. Happy birthday Robert.
Founded in 1995, Aqua Vision BV is an independent hydro- and oceanographic consultancy. Our clients include government agencies such as water boards (Waterschappen), worldwide engineering companies, dredging and the offshore industry. We provide a comprehensive range of services. Commitment to Quality Aqua Vision has been approved by Det Norske Veritas Germanischer Lloyd (DNV GL) to the Quality Management System Standards of NEN-EN-ISO 9001:2015.
Area Manager Job in Nairobi Kenya 2019 Area Manager Job in Nairobi Kenya 2019 Career Employment Kenya: Area Manager Job in Nairobi Kenya 2019 Job Description: Today Work Kenya Moko’s goal is to change the way people experience their everyday home. We have an ambitious development pipeline that spans mattresses to sofas with the goal of making our customers’ dream of leading a modern lifestyle a reality. We’re looking to add an Area Manager aka Get Things Done Manager. As the Get Things Done Manager, you’ll be responsible for running Moko’s day-to-day brand operations. You’ll be an excellent project manager who is able to joggle a variety of tasks under tight timelines. You’ll put into use your knowledge of marketing and you’ll push the day-to-day activities to see Moko’s vision become a reality for our customers. Finally, you’ll be excellent people manager, who can motivate and grow the team. - Under the direction of the Head of Brand and Product Development, lead the day-to-day implementation of the Moko work plan so that we can help our customers achieve the modern lifestyle they dream of - Act as a liason to senior management and directors to keep them up to date about operations and projects implemented - Coordinate and manage the weekly activities of the napstars, the marketing team that brings the Moko dream world to our customers - Lead and coordinate the capacity planning and hiring strategy of the Napstar team and ensure their training in line with activities planned in the marketing calendar - Create a high performance culture in the napstar marketing team where KPIs are always met and decisions are taken based on data. Foster an environment where new ideas are brought up by team members - In coordination with Head of Brand and Creative Director develop a training for the marketing team to ensure that the Moko story is told with a consistent voice and in an engaging way by our team - Liaise with the delivery team so that to-the-door deliveries of mattresses happen on time. Coordinate with the operation team to manage an efficient use of resource and effective capacity planning - Liaise with supermarkets, malls and other sites to ensure that we have all the approvals and permits necessary for a smooth set up and running of marketing activations - Support the screening and recruitment of suppliers, contractors and other consultants necessary for the implementation of the work plan - Manage the day-to-day coordination with suppliers, constructors (e.g. to build a sleeping station or showroom-in-a-container) and other consultants so that work is completed on time and with the level of quality expected - Provide operational support to implement market research activities for the development of new marketing activities ideas and for the conception and design of the first Moko’s sofa collection! Career Growth + Compensation Moko invests in building the capacity and skills within our team. Your manager will invest significant time in your career development. We provide constant, actionable feedback delivered through mentorship from the management team. Because of our rapid growth, we constantly have new roles opening up and opportunities in many functions. This results in fast career growth for those who are ready to take up the challenge. - You have experience (preferably 3 years) in retail or sales or marketing and are talented in hiring and managing people - You have a passion for training people and growing your team - You are a go getter and enjoy figuring out what it takes to get things done on time in the most efficient way - You are an exceptional project manager and able to come up with and execute a detailed plan - You preferably have a creative side and can propose how marketing activation can be optimized and new ideas introduced - You thrive when you are able to take initiative, you are considered very self-managing and do best in an environment where you are given high-level goals and take initiative to achieve them - You possess a strong analytical toolkit, and you frequently apply quantitative analysis to decision-making - You pay extra attention to details in everything you do without losing sight of the big picture and the goals that we want to achieve - You have the ability to convince people and negotiate partnership with suppliers and contractors How to Apply Please visit our website moko.co.ke/careers and apply through our online form.
Tamarindo, Costa Rica Get to know our beautiful beaches and town with an extreme and powerful ATV Tour. Reserve an special spot to watch the sunsets from an exclusive and awesome cruise in Flamingo Beach Experience Costa Rica's Tropical Forest in a total different, unique and fun way! Explore Costa Rica's nature and our traditional customs from the back of a horse. Our warm and welcoming bi-lingual family and staff have more than 25 years of experience, working with visitors to make sure you have nothing less than an incredible experience you will never forget! We are not just a typical tour company because we actually involve our guests to experience and enjoy the true culture of Guanacaste. Fill up all the form fields available and our team will contact you shortly with all the details. Book Online Now! We strive to make sure you have the greatest experience possible whether you're a first timer or a returning adventurer! We are committed to be the best, in customer service and helping you create a tour package that fits you and your family. Contact our team! We're ready to assist you create the perfect vacation trip to Costa Rica. Developed by Globalode S.A.
Does P6 EPPM Work With SQL Server Running On Dynamic Port? (Doc ID 2337193.1) Last updated on MARCH 21, 2019 Applies to:Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management - Version 220.127.116.11 and later Information in this document applies to any platform. For P6 EPPM to connect to an SQL Database running on dynamic port. Currently, database configuration wizard for EPPM will not finish if a database port is not provided. To view full details, sign in with your My Oracle Support account. Don't have a My Oracle Support account? Click to get started! In this Document
Fast Profit Jacker by Jason Fulton Review: Brand New Cloud Based Software To Make Money Online Selling Services To Small Biz Owners, Local, International Market Without Any Skills & Experience! Fast Profit Jacker by Jason Fulton is an INCREDIBLE product from Jason Fulton and his partner Mosh Bari. It’s no secret that 95% of those that try to make money online never make a dime. This software changes that today! There are UNLIMITED business owners & local marketers trying to increase online profits. Many of these very busy people have NO IDEA how to do it.
Please fee free to contact us by phone or email with questions, or to receive an estimate on any of our pool services! And if you’re in the area, why not stop on by and we’ll be pleased to show you around! Call us:+1 916 638 7665 Our address:11363 Pyrites Way Gold River, CA 95670 Fax+1 916 635-TIME We are pleased to provide service throughout the Greater Sacramento Area, including the Antelope, Arden-Arcade, Carmichael, Citrus Heights, Elverta, Fair Oaks, Florin, Folsom, Foothill Farms, Gold River, Granite Bay, Mather, Mcclellan, North Highlands, Orangevale, Parkway, Rancho Cordova, Rancho Murieta, Represa, Rio Linda, Rosemont, Roseville, and Sacramento.
The legal cannabis industry is still experiencing growing pains. Consumers aren't quite there yet on brand loyalty. It is starting to shift though. Consumers are starting to look for certain brands, especially ones that understand how to create a customer experience. When developing packaging for your products, it is essential to think about your brand story and how to connect with your target audience. More often than not, your cannabis packaging is going to be behind a glass case in a dispensary, lined up next to other similar products. There isn't the same level of brand loyalty and familiarity as can be found in other markets yet, and there are many studies out suggesting that Millennials are less likely to stay loyal to a particular brand anyways. Rather than seeing this as a hinderance though, think of it as a way to continuously capture new clients if you position your brand and your packaging design correctly. This is where The Kind Creative can help you. We work closely with our clients to make sure that we create eye catching packaging that stands out on the shelves. We know that your packaging needs to command attention and be both functional and creative. If you don't believe us, check out this teaser video for some behind the scenes look at our clients Little River Family Farms and the work that went in to designing their new packaging line. We are also in the midst of a complete packaging line design of incredible CBD products from Maine. Stay tuned for a look at that new creative. Need help with your packaging? Let's talk about how we can help your brand stand out on the shelves.
- Shop by manufacturer - Aircon Flange Aircon Flange is a NZ owned and operated company which started making Flange in August 2006, wanting to support NZ manufacturers, we commissioned a local Engineering company located in East Tamaki to custom-build a Rollforming Machine for that purpose. After a slow start initially with only 6 products, Aircon Flange has grown in size with both our product range (650+ items) and customer base expanding rapidly. This success has been based on pride, hardwork, competitive pricing, quality products, product availability, listening to our customers, our commitment to them and providing service second to none.
U.S. Supreme Court Oelricks v. Ford, 64 U.S. 23 How. 49 49 (1859) Oelricks v. Ford 64 U.S. (23 How.) 49 ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF MARYLAND Where there was a written contract for the delivery of a certain number of barrels of flour at a given price, to be delivered within a named time at the seller's option, and evidence was offered by the purchaser of an usage existing that a margin should be put up, the court below was right in refusing to, allow this evidence to go to the jury because it was too indefinite and uncertain to establish an usage. And moreover, if the usage existed, the proof would have been inadmissible to affect the construction of the contract, in which there was no ambiguity or doubt on the face of the instrument. Any parol evidence of conversations or of an understanding of the parties that the contract was made subject to such an usage was inadmissible, as these were merged in the written instrument. The contract was made in Baltimore, between the purchasers and an agent of the seller, the seller residing in New York. The latter, and not the agent, was bound to bring the suit, as the character of the agent was disclosed on the face of the contract. There is no distinction in the principle governing agencies of this description between the cases of a home or foreign principal. This was an action of assumpsit brought by Ford, a citizen of New York, against Oelricks & Lurman, merchants of Baltimore, upon a contract in writing made by the defendants, who agreed to purchase from Bell, agent for Ford, ten thousand barrels of flour, deliverable at seller's option at the prices chanroblesvirtualawlibrary and upon the terms stated in the contract, which is fully set forth in the opinion of the Court and need not be repeated. Ballard was the broker who made the contract on behalf of Oelricks & Lurman. The evidence given upon the trial by the plaintiff and defendants was very voluminous, and was both oral and written. The points of law which arose in the case will be manifest from the prayers to the court offered by the counsel for the plaintiff and from the instructions to the jury given by the court, which were as follows: 1. That the evidence in this case is insufficient to authorize the jury to find that there is an usage in the City of Baltimore with regard to contracts for the sale of merchandise to be delivered at a future time by which the defendants were authorized to annul the contract bearing date the 7th November, 1855, given in evidence, upon the failure of the plaintiff to put up a margin in money, as security for its performance, in compliance with the demand contained in the letter of the witness, Ballard, to J. W. Bell, of the 21st December, given in evidence. 2. That such an usage, if found by them to exist, is invalid and not binding, because it is unreasonable. 3. That evidence of such an usage, if it should be established by competent evidence and be held reasonable by the court, is inadmissible in this case because it contradicts or waives the written contract dated the 7th November, 1855, given in evidence. 4. That if the jury find that before the 21st day of December, 1855, J. W. Bell had left the City of Baltimore without authorizing any person to represent him in his absence, and have never since returned, the letters of the witness, Ballard, of the 21st and 24th December, 1855, left at the former place of business of said Bell, as proved by the said Ballard, did not affect the plaintiff with notice of the demand for a margin mentioned in said letters, even if, under any usage or contract, the defendants were authorized to make such demand. 5. That if the jury find that the witness, Ballard, reduced the said contract, dated the 7th November, and given in evidence, chanroblesvirtualawlibrary to writing, at the request of the defendant Lurman, and that said Ballard signed two copies of the same and procured the approval of the defendants, and of Bell, as agent of the plaintiff, to the same, by their signatures thereto, and delivered one of the said contracts to the defendants, and the other, which has been given in evidence by the plaintiff, to said Bell, and shall further find all this was done on the 23d November, 1855, after the interview at the Exchange between the defendant, Lurman, and the said Bell, spoken of by the witness, Ballard, and shall also find that at said interview the defendant Lurman declined to have the clause inserted in said contract having reference to putting up a margin, and if the jury find that said Bell, upon the 12th and 15th December, delivered 2,000 barrels of flour under said contract, which were received by the defendants and paid for by them, and if the jury shall further find that the plaintiff offered to deliver, and was prepared and willing to deliver, the balance of the 8,000 barrels contracted to be delivered under said contract at the times and at the prices testified to by the witnesses of the plaintiff, and that the defendants refused to receive the same, then the plaintiff is entitled to recover in this suit the difference between the price of flour mentioned in said contract $9.25 and the market value of the parcels of flour tendered by the plaintiff on the days on which they were respectively tendered, with interest thereon from such periods respectively. But the court rejected the prayers of the plaintiff, and each of them, and in lieu of them granted the following instructions to the jury: "1. If the jury shall find from the evidence in this case that the defendants entered into the written contract dated the 7th of November, 1855, which has been offered in evidence, and that the plaintiff offered to deliver to the defendants in the months of January and February, 1856, eight thousand barrels of flour in pursuance of the stipulations of said contract and in the mode therein pointed out, and that when said offers were made by the said plaintiff, he had the requisite amount of flour to comply in good faith with said offers, and could have delivered the same if the defendants had been willing to receive the same, and shall further find that the defendants wholly refused to receive and pay for said flour according to the terms of said contract, then the plaintiff is entitled to recover such damages as the jury may find from the evidence he has suffered from said refusal of defendants to execute the said contract on their part." "2. The rule of damages in this case is the difference between the contract price of the flour and the market value in the City of Baltimore of the same on the several days on which the plaintiff offered to deliver the same in accordance with the provisions of said contract, with interest on such sum in the discretion of the jury." To the granting of which instructions the defendants prayed leave to except, and upon this exception the case came up to this Court. chanroblesvirtualawlibrary MR. JUSTICE NELSON delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland. The suit was brought by Ford against the defendants in the court below upon the following contract: "BALTIMORE, November 7, 1855" "For and in consideration of one dollar, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, I have this day purchased from J. W. Bell, agent for Benjamin Ford, New York, for account of Oelricks & Lurman, Baltimore, ten thousand barrels superfine Howard Street or Ohio flour, deliverable, at seller's option, in lots of five hundred barrels, each lot subject to three days' notice of delivery and payable on delivery at the rate of nine dollars and twenty-five cents per barrel, viz.: " 2,000 barrels, seller's option, all December, 1855 4,000 " " " January, 1856 4,000 " " " February, 1856 "L. E. BALLARD, Broker" "OELRICKS & LURMAN" The 2,000 barrels deliverable in December were delivered, accepted, and paid for as per contract. The 4,000 barrels to be delivered in each of the months of January and February were duly tendered to the defendants and payments demanded, and which were refused. The only objection to the acceptance of the flour at the time tendered was the refusal of Ford to a demand made upon his agent to deposit $5,000 in one of the banks in Baltimore to secure the punctual delivery of the flour at the time mentioned. This demand for a deposit of money was denied by the plaintiff on the ground that the contract contained no such stipulation. After much testimony given by both parties on the trial on the subject of a usage among the dealers in flour in the City of Baltimore to demand on time contracts a deposit of money, or margin, as it is called, and the right to rescind the contract if refused, the court charged the jury that if they shall find from the evidence the defendants entered into the contract given in evidence, and that the plaintiff offered to deliver the flour therein mentioned according to its terms, and that when the offer was made, he had the requisite quantity of flour to comply with the contract, and could have delivered it if the defendants had been willing to receive it, and that they had refused, then the plaintiff was entitled to recover. The court further instructed the jury that the rule of damages was the difference between the contract price of the flour and the market value in the City of Baltimore on the several days of the tenders, with interest on this sum, in the discretion of the jury. The jury found for the plaintiff. chanroblesvirtualawlibrary One of the principal grounds of objection to the ruling of the court is its refusal to submit the question of usage which was the subject of evidence on the trial to the jury. The witnesses introduced by the defendants to prove the usage speak in a very qualified manner as to its existence, as well as to the instances in which they have known it to have been adopted or acquiesced in, and all of them admit they have no knowledge that it was general among the dealers. Some of them state that they recognized and had acted upon a custom in their own business under which either party to the contract might require a margin to a reasonable amount, to be put up to secure the performance, and that the contract might be rescinded if the party refused; that they could not say such was the general custom; that different persons have different customs; some consider there is such a usage and some do not. One witness states that he had at all times in his business considered it to be a right which might be exercised by either party to a time contract whenever he apprehended a risk; that if the party was solvent, he supposed there was no right to demand it; another that in his business he had always considered such contracts to be subject to the right of either party to demand the margin; that the occasion of exercising it was rare, as contracts made by his house were made with responsible persons; that he did not know that this was a general usage in Baltimore. The broker who negotiated the contract for the defendants states that he considered it a clearly understood right of both parties to such contracts to demand a margin to a reasonable amount; that he entertained the belief from conversations with various merchants on the subject; that he recollected but one instance where, when the demand was made, the margin was put up, which was a margin of twenty-five cents on the barrel in a contract for 500 barrels. There were ten witnesses, flour merchants for many years in the city, who state that they knew of no such usage. It will thus be seen from a careful analysis of the evidence that the defendants wholly failed to prove any general or established usage or custom of the trade in Baltimore, as claimed in the defense. Every witness called on their behalf fails to chanroblesvirtualawlibrary prove facts essential to make out the custom in the sense of the law; on the contrary, most of them expressly disprove it. They express opinions upon the subject of a margin as a right to be exercised in their own business, but admit that it is not founded upon any general usage, and none of them speaks of its having been claimed or exercised in his own business but in one or two instances. Whether a usage or custom of the kind set up existed in the trade in Baltimore was a question of fact to be proved by persons who had a knowledge of it from dealing in the article of flour. Opinions of persons as to what rights they might exercise in their own business in respect to time contracts fall far short of any legal proof of the fact, especially when they admit that there was no general usage of the kind known to them. Then as to the precise limit or character of the custom claimed, the opinions of the witnesses are various and indefinite. The margin, they say, must be reasonable, but the pretended usage contains no rule by which a reasonable margin may be determined. It is said the amount may be referred to merchants. But there is no evidence that this is a part of the custom, or that any such mode of adjusting it ever occurred in the trade. Some of the witnesses state that the margin must be a sum of money sufficient to make the party safe according to the state of the market. One states that at the time the demand was made in this case for a margin, flour had fallen, and the price lower than the price in the contract; yet this, in his judgment, did not affect the right to make the demand, as the general opinion among dealers was that the price would advance; that there were great fluctuations in the price, and that, in such a condition of things, a reasonable margin would depend upon the extent and character of the fluctuations, and upon the speculative ideas of the future value of flour. The broker of the defendants, who purchased this flour, states his view of the reasonableness of the margin, which is the difference between the intrinsic value of the flour and its speculative value; by intrinsic value, he says he means the cost of the production, and by speculative value, the price at chanroblesvirtualawlibrary which it was rating above its intrinsic value; and to a question what, in his opinion, would be a reasonable margin under the custom, when flour in the market was lower than the contract price, he answered, that he considered the demand reasonable in this case, because he believed flour was going up to twelve dollars per barrel. It would be difficult to describe a custom more indefinite and unsettled. But, independently of the total insufficiency of the evidence to establish the usage, we are satisfied, if it existed, the proof would have been inadmissible to affect the construction of the contract. This proof is admissible in the absence of express stipulations, or where the meaning of the parties is uncertain upon the language used, and where the usage of the trade to which the contract relates, or with reference to which it was made, may afford explanation, and supply deficiencies in the instrument. Technical, local, or doubtful words may be thus explained. So where stipulations in the contract refer to matters outside of the instrument, parol proof of extraneous facts may be necessary to interpret their meaning. As a general rule, there must be ambiguity or uncertainty upon the face of the written instrument arising out of the terms used by the parties in order to justify the extraneous evidence, and, when admissible, it must be limited in its effect to the clearing up of the obscurity. It is not admissible to add to or engraft upon the contract new stipulations, not to contradict those which are plain. 2 Kent Com. 556; 3 id. 260, and note; 1 Greenl.Ev., sec. 295; 2 Cr. and J. 249, 250; 55 U. S. 14 How. 445 Applying these principles to the contract before us, it is quite clear that the proof of the usage attempted to be established was inadmissible, and should have been rejected. There is no ambiguity or uncertainty in its terms or stipulations, and the condition sought to be annexed was not by way of explanation or interpretation, but in addition to the contract. The plaintiff agrees to deliver a given number of barrels of flour on certain days, at the price of $9.25 per barrel, in consideration of which the defendants agree to receive the flour, and pay the price. This is the substance of the written contract. But the chanroblesvirtualawlibrary defendants insist that besides the obligations arising out of the written instrument, the plaintiff is under an additional obligation to give security, whenever called upon, for the faithful performance, and this by the deposit in bank of the sum of $5,000. The written instrument bound only the personal responsibility of the plaintiff; the parol evidence seeks to superadd not a responsible name as a surety, but in effect the same thing, a given sum of money. The parol proof not only adds to the written instrument, but is repugnant to the legal effect of it. It was also urged on the argument that this contract was entered into between the defendants and the agent of the plaintiff with the understanding at the time that it should be subject to the usage; but the answer to this is that no such usage existed, and if it did the terms of the contract exclude it. Any conversations and verbal understanding between the parties at the time were merged in the contract, and parol evidence inadmissible to engraft them upon it. We are satisfied the court below was right in excluding the consideration of the evidence of the usage from the jury 1, because the usage was not proved, and 2, if it had been, it was incompetent to vary the clear and positive terms of the instrument. An objection has been taken on the argument which was not presented to the court below, but which, it is insisted, is involved in the exception to the charge, and that is, inasmuch as it appears upon the evidence that the plaintiff was a resident of New York and the contract made at Baltimore in the State of Maryland by an agent, the presumption of law is that the credit was given exclusively to the agent, the principal being the resident of a foreign state, and hence that the contract, in legal effect, was made with the agent, and not with the principal, and the former should have brought the suit. This doctrine is laid down by judge Story in his work on agency, and which was supposed to be the doctrine of the English courts at the time, and founded upon adjudged cases. Story on Agency, sec. 268 and note; secs. 290, 423. It did chanroblesvirtualawlibrary not, however, at the time receive the assent of some of the courts and jurists of this country. 2 Kent's Com. 630, 631, and note; 22 Wend. 224; 3 Hill. 72. And the doctrine has recently been explained, and judge Story's rule rejected, by the English courts. In the case of Green v. Kope, 36 Eng.L. & Eq. 396, 399, 1856, the court denied that there was any distinction, as it respected the personal liability of the agent, whether the principal was English or a foreigner. The Chief justice observed: "It is in all cases a question of intention from the contract, explained by the surrounding circumstances, such as the custom or usage of the trade when such exists. No usage," he observed, "was proved in the present case, and I believe none could have been proved." Again he observed: "It would be ridiculous to suppose that an agent, for a commission of one-half percent, is to guaranty the performance of a contract for the shipment of 1,000 barrels of tar." The case was finally put upon the intent of the parties, as derived from the construction of the contract, and which was that the defendant contracted only as agent, and not to make himself personally liable. Willes, J., doubted if evidence of custom was admissible to qualify the express words of the contract, so as to make the agent liable. See also 14 Com.B. 390; Mahoney v. Kekule, 5 Ellis & Black 125, 130. In the present case, the broker's note, and which is approved by the defendants, affixing the firm name, is too clear upon the face of it to admit of doubt as to the person with whom the contract was made. The purchase is from "J. W. Bell, agent for Benjamin Ford, of New York," and the case shows that Bell had full authority. The name of the principal is disclosed in the contract, and the place of his residence, as the person making the sale of the flour, through his agent. This fixes the duty of performance upon him and exonerates the agent. The judgment of the court below affirmed.
"Can AI be Ethical?" originally appeared in Forbes.2018 was filled with machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) news and controversies, from the coverage of U.S. Department of Defense’s Project Maven to shareholder outrage at Amazon after it … [Read more...] about Can AI be Ethical? This article on AI innovation 2019 originally appeared in Forbes.In today’s world, every successful company is a tech company.It’s become impossible to separate business strategy from technological innovation, so everyone from retailers to healthcare … [Read more...] about AI Innovation 2019: Companies Solidifying Competitive Advantage Last week, I joined more than 4,200 HR professionals, thought leaders and business leaders in Las Vegas for an at-capacity Connections 2019. Our annual customer conference gets bigger and better each year, and I left Vegas inspired to “Dream Big,” take risks, … [Read more...] about Connections 2019: Dream It, Design It, Do It Decision-makers love data.In fact, in the sixth annual “Big Data Executive Survey” representing senior executives from 57 large corporations, 99% of responders reported transitioning to a more data-driven culture and a full 97.2% had invested in Big Data … [Read more...] about The 80% Blind Spot: Are You Ignoring Most of Your Organization’s Data? I’m a big fan of technology. In fact, I’ve dedicated my entire career to developing and optimizing industry-leading technology tools. But the truth is, first-class HR software solutions themselves are not enough when it comes to HR technology — there’s … [Read more...] about Service-Design Thinking: Product + Service = Success — #12DaysofHCM I first came across the term “The Wellness Effect” in an investment article discussing the symbiotic relationship between employee financial wellness and financial returns for employers. Since then, there’s been an explosion of research showing the direct … [Read more...] about Holistic Well-Being Was a Hot Topic at #HRTech2018 (And it Should be in Your Org, Too) Finding, retaining, and engaging top talent is consistently one of the hardest challenges organizations face. Developing high-potential employees is crucial for priming future leaders and improving organizational performance while building a culture that … [Read more...] about Data-Based Strategies to Recognize, Reward, & Retain High-Potential Employees Proper data collection and analysis play a crucial role in today's organizations, guiding decision makers through difficult decisions and directing overall corporate strategy. Considering human capital typically accounts for anywhere between 50-80% of variable … [Read more...] about How to Improve C-Suite Visibility by Linking Engagement to Business Outcomes As our exposure to Big Data progresses exponentially, analytics and BI are playing an increasing role in overall corporate strategy. Few departments are exempt from regularly analyzing and reporting metrics to the C-suite, and long-term tracking of this data … [Read more...] about Solidifying a Competitive Advantage with Engagement Benchmarking Note: This article from Adam Rogers originally appeared on Forbes.Artificial intelligence (AI) technology has been around for decades, but its capabilities, interest, and funding has skyrocketed in recent years. Machine learning functionalities are … [Read more...] about How AI is Making Managers More Human
Last Updated: November 6, 2017 This Policy Includes: - Collection of Personal Information - How Personal Information may be used - Who Personal Information may be disclosed to - Visitor tracking information - Web Logs - Pixel Tags - Social Plugins - Google Analytics - How to stop getting communications - Correcting or Deleting Personal Information - This policy addresses only information that is or may be collected on our U.S. websites – which are NOT intended to be used by non-U.S. residents. - This policy applies only to information collected on websites that are directly linked to this policy, and does not apply to information collected in other areas, whether online or offline. This policy does not apply to third-party websites that may be accessed through a link from a site covered by this policy. You should review the privacy policies of any third-party websites to understand how that site collects, uses and discloses any Personal Information or non-Personal Information (as defined below). - Our U.S. websites are not intended for, or designed to attract, individuals under the age of 13, or to collect Personal Information (as defined below) from children either directly or through passive information technology such as cookies. If a parent or guardian has reason to believe that a child has provided us with Personal Information (as defined below), the parent or guardian should contact us. - This policy does not apply to information collected through applications on mobile or personal devices, even if the application may be accessed through a link from a site covered by this policy. Collection of Personal Information “Personal Information” is information that directly identifies you or could reasonably be used in combination with other information to identify you and which is submitted to and/or collected by Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. web sites and maintained by or for Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. in an accessible form. Examples of Personal Information that directly identify you can include your name, driver’s license number, social security number, biometric or genetic data, street address, telephone number, email address and other similar information. Examples of Personal Information that when combined with other information may be able to identify you include race, gender, date of birth, health condition or status, employment status, zip code and other similar information. Both types of information are considered “Personal Information” for the purposes of this policy. Please do not submit any Personal Information if you do not want it to be collected. You should be aware, however, that without providing requested information, you may not be able to participate in particular features or activities that require such information. Certain areas of our websites allow you to contact us to ask questions or provide comments or other information. Please be aware that when you ask questions or provide comments or other information, you may be disclosing Personal Information. Non-Personal Information is information that is not personal, such as questions, comments, ideas and suggestions that you provide, or information that we may collect that is not linked to any Personal Information. Non-Personal Information will be treated as non-confidential, and we may disclose and/or use that information without any obligation whatsoever to you, for any purpose and through any means. How Personal Information may be used If you provide us with Personal Information, we may use that information to contact you by e-mail, regular mail, telephone or other means, to provide you with information you requested about specific products or services, provide additional future information about products or services that may be of interest to you, and to learn about and develop products and services concerning a particular disease or condition (e.g. market research). Other or additional information about use of your Personal Information may appear at the point where you are asked to provide Personal Information in a form or data field. Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. may combine your Personal Information provided on one Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. web site with Personal Information provided in other online or offline records held by Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc., and/or with records provided by third parties. Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. may also combine your Personal Information with information gathered through cookies, web logs, pixel tags and other visitor tracking technologies, discussed further below. We use this consolidated information to help us better design Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. websites and products, to communicate information to you, to enhance our marketing and research activities, and to facilitate other business functions. Who Personal Information may be disclosed to Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. will not transfer or allow access to your Personal Information to third parties, except (i) to affiliated entities within the Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc., whether inside the U.S. or in other countries; (ii) to vendors and service providers who provide services to us (e.g., market research) or who assist us in providing service to you (e.g. a fulfillment company for processing and mailing purposes); (iii) in connection with security related or law enforcement investigations or in the course of cooperating with authorities; (iv) to comply with legal requirements or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (v) when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to assist in an investigation regarding, or to prevent, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person; (v) upon a sale, merger, assignment or transfer of the business of the website to which the information relates; and (vi) to third parties with whom Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. is jointly marketing a product or service or jointly conducting a program or activity. Any affiliated entity, vendor or service provider, or other third party who is permitted access to, or to whom we transfer, Personal Information is required to keep your Personal Information confidential. Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. takes reasonable precautions to keep Personal Information secure against unauthorized access and use. However, the confidentiality of personal information transmitted over the Internet cannot be guaranteed. We urge you to exercise caution when transmitting personal information over the Internet, especially Personal Information related to your health. Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not gain access to your Personal Information; therefore, when submitting personal information to Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. websites, you must weigh both the benefits and the risks. Visitor tracking information Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. websites may use a tracking technology called a “cookie.” A “cookie” is a small text file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site, to track your preferences and selections, or to show you advertisements based on your interests, such as banner ads relating to Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. products and services. Cookies may be placed on your computer by Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. (a “first party cookie”) or by another company or advertiser that Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. engages to provide services or advertising on a Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. website (a “third party cookie”). It is possible that these cookies could be used in combination with other information to identify you. Information stored in first party cookies associated with a Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. web site will be transmitted back to us. Information stored in third party cookies may be transmitted to the party placing the cookie, so that they can deliver to you messages and advertisements based on your interests as you browse the Internet. You may be able to opt-out of third parties using cookies to deliver interest-based advertising to you by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices/. With most internet browsers, you can also erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies, block specific kinds of cookies, or even receive a warning before a cookie is placed on your system. Refer to your browser instructions or help button to learn more about cookies. You should be aware, however, that cookies might be necessary to provide you with certain features (e.g. customized delivery of information) available on Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. websites. In addition, certain web browsers and other programs may be used to signal your preferences to Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. about how or whether Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. or third parties may collect information about your online activities. Currently, Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. does not respond to such signals. Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. websites may also automatically collect and store web log information relating to your computer and your visit, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet address of the website from which you linked to a Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. website; the date and time you accessed a Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. website, how long you spent and which pages you visited; your computer’s operating system and browser software; and your Internet protocol (IP) address. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider so you can access the Internet. This number may change each time you connect to the internet (“dynamic IP address”) or it may remain constant (“static IP address”). If you have a static IP address, it is possible that this address could be used in combination with other information to identify you. Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. websites may also track your usage of the site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs or web beacons). A pixel tag is a tiny graphic on a web page that is used to track pages viewed. Pixel tags tell the web site server information such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor’s computer. Pixel tags may be placed on online advertisements that bring people to a Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. website and on different pages of our sites. Web beacons provide us with information on how many times a page is opened and which information is consulted. This site may use social plugins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit our site, the operator of the social plugin may be able to place a cookie on your computer, enabling that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our site. If you are logged into the associated social media web site (e.g., Facebook) while browsing on our web site, the social plugin allows that social media web site to receive information that you have visited our web site. The social plugin may also allow the social media web site to share information about your activities on our web site with other users of their social media web site. For more information about the information shared via a particular social media plugin, you should refer to that social media site’s privacy statement. How to stop getting communications If you decide you no longer wish to receive information or communications about particular products and services, or from Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. (for example, postal mailings, emails and telephone calls), you may opt out of any particular product or service or from all mailings by contacting us. You may also click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. email and follow the directions that appear on the screen in order to opt out of communications from Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc.. Please note that you may continue to receive materials for a period of time while our lists are being updated. How may I correct or delete Personal Information? You may request that we remove your Personal Information from our current customer records or that we amend your Personal Information. Please notify us of your wishes by contacting us, toll-free. For record keeping purposes, we may retain certain Personal Information you submit in conjunction with commercial transactions. Thank you for your interest in Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc.. Equal Employment Opportunity Vdex Diabetes Holdings, Inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer.
Canada benchmarked against 15 countries The data on this page are current as of March 2013. How does Canada’s 2012 ranking compare to previous Economy report cards? Canada’s ranking has improved—to 6th place in the 2012 version of the Economy report card, up from 11th in 2008, the last time we provided a complete report card on the Economy. We chose not to do a complete Economy report card right after the 2008–09 financial crisis and recession, given the unsettled nature of the economic data during this recovery period. How is economic performance measured? The Conference Board’s overarching goal is to measure quality of life for Canada and its peers. We ask two questions: Do Canadians have a high quality of life? Is it sustainable? When measuring the economic aspect of quality of life, we consider three dimensions: - economic wealth - economic disadvantage and hardship - economic sustainability - Economic wealth is captured by income per capita. Income per capita reflects material living standards, that is, the capacity of Canadians to purchase the goods and services needed to live, such as housing, food, and clothing. It is also indicative of a country’s ability to sustain living standards through public spending on education, health, and infrastructure, as well as through private and public savings that can be used to generate future income and to support future consumption. At the macro level, a country that is not generating enough income is hampered in what it can do in other areas, such as the environment and education. - Economic disadvantage and hardship is measured by the unemployment rate. High unemployment hurts a country’s labour productivity and its gross domestic product (GDP) growth. High unemployment is also linked to elevated rates of poverty, homelessness, income inequality, crime, poor health outcomes, low self-esteem, and social exclusion. More detailed and nuanced indicators of economic disadvantage and hardship are included in the Society pages on this website—such as child poverty, elderly poverty, and income distribution. - Economic sustainability is defined here as a country’s ability to sustain its economic growth and prosperity into the future. Facets of economic sustainability: economic growth, macroeconomic stability, and global integration. - Economic growth is represented by three indicators—real (that is, inflation-adjusted) GDP growth, labour productivity growth, and employment growth. - GDP growth is essential to sustaining living standards. A country that has a relatively high GDP level today is not guaranteed that this level will be maintained. - Productivity growth is the single most important determinant of a country’s long-term GDP growth and per capita income, and it is therefore the only sustainable way to improve a country’s standard of living. Productivity can be enhanced by finding more efficient and effective ways to yield goods and services so that more can be produced with the same amount of effort. Productivity can also be improved by producing higher-value-added products and services that are worth more in the market place. - Employment growth is a driver of income per capita. It reflects the capacity of a country to absorb new workers joining the labour force and to use the labour resources available. A buoyant economy is one that is creating new jobs. - Macroeconomic stability is represented by a proxy indicator: the inflation rate. - The inflation rate reflects sustainability because rising prices erode the purchasing power of consumers; that is, inflation reduces the quantity of goods that can be purchased with a given amount of money. Periods of high inflation or deflation undermine the economy’s ability to sustain prosperity. - Global integration: Conference Board research connects economic sustainability with a country’s ability to integrate in the global economy. With the rise of global supply chains and complex integration flows, it is difficult to assess a country’s status on global integration. The Conference Board uses two proxy indicators: the inward and outward foreign direct investment (FDI) performance indexes. - Inward FDI encourages the diffusion of technology management know-how, as well as more efficient resource allocation. Subsidiaries acquire knowledge and technologies from their international parent. Domestic firms that interact with these subsidiaries also benefit from these transfers of technology and knowledge. Ultimately, FDI leads to higher productivity, improved quality of products, and increased competitiveness. The Inward FDI Performance Index captures a country’s relative success in attracting global FDI. - Outward FDI opens access to foreign markets and promotes deeper integration into global supply chains, making an economy’s firms more efficient and competitive. Outward FDI promotes trade by developing new exporting (and importing) opportunities. The Outward FDI Performance Index captures a country’s relative success in taking advantage of foreign investment opportunities. Is Canada still in the gifted class? Certainly Canada is still in the gifted class among nations. While the 2008–09 financial crisis and recession hurt Canada and its 15 peer countries, they remain among the wealthiest and most successful countries in the world. Among its peers, however, Canada’s 6th place ranking means that it sits in the middle of the class. Canada’s overall “B” grade in Economy is good, but “C” grades on two individual indicators—income per capita and outward FDI—and a “D” on inward FDI are not. Canada’s overall “B” in 2012 reflects an “A” on inflation (along with most of the peer group), and “B” grades for GDP growth, labour productivity growth, employment growth, and the unemployment rate. Which countries are at the top of the class? Norway is the top-rated country among the comparator group. Norway moved from 3rd spot in the report card for 2007 to 1st position in the 2008 report card, and it remains in 1st position in 2012. Norway continues to lead the class in income per capita—a full $12,000 above that of Canada—and it both weathered the 2008–09 economic recession and shifted into recovery better than most of its peers. It is the only country to receive an “A” grade for income per capita in 2012, and it receives three other “A”s—for GDP growth, employment growth, and the unemployment rate. Australia is the other peer country to receive an overall “A” grade, placing second overall. Unlike most of the comparator group, Australia never experienced recession in 2008–09. It receives “A” grades in this report card for GDP growth, labour productivity growth, inflation, and the unemployment rate. How does Canada’s economic performance compare to the 16-country average? The radar diagram below is a snapshot of Canada’s economic performance (and the 16-country average performance) relative to that of the best-performing peer country—the outer ring—for each of the eight Economy indicators. The chart has eight axes—one for each indicator—that radiate out from the centre. A score closer to the centre represents worse performance, while a score closer to the outer circle represents better performance. Canada fares poorly when compared with the top performers; it is well below the best country on all indicators except inflation and employment growth. Use the pull-down menu to compare Canada’s economic performance with that of any of its peers. Should Canada continue to look to the U.S. as a role model? When assessing economic and most other aspects of its performance, Canada naturally looks to the U.S., its closest neighbour and most important trading partner. Canadians know this relationship must be managed carefully. But in the new integrative economy, this is perhaps too narrow a focus for comparison. As well, the 2008 financial crisis originated in the U.S., and the U.S. path to recovery has been slow—further reinforcing the fact that the U.S. is not the perfect role model. Has Canada’s report card improved since the 1970s? The 1970s began with Canada in a remarkably positive position. Canadian living standards were high, and the pronounced rise in economic growth and productivity throughout the 1950s and 1960s meant governments had the fiscal room to widen Canada’s social safety net. At the 1967 world’s fair in Montreal, it really seemed as if Sir Wilfred Laurier’s 1904 prediction that “the 20th century belongs to Canada” was coming true. Alas, his prediction did not come to pass. Canada’s overall economic performance has since deteriorated relative to its peers. The summary report card for each of the decades reveals that Canada’s economic performance slipped from a “B” in the 1970s to a “C” in the 1980s, 1990s, and the 2000s, although Canada has since edged back up to a “B” in the most recent period, 2010–12. Why did Canada lose ground? Three factors stick out. First, Canada has been a chronic laggard on several important economic indicators—most notably, productivity. Second, Canada has failed to keep pace in the growing competition for global investment, receiving “D” grades for decades. Third, even in some areas where Canada has improved, other countries are still doing better. The radar diagram below reveals that, relative to the top-performing peer countries, Canada’s economic performance in the 1970s was stronger than 2012 on four indicators. With the notable exceptions of the unemployment rate, inflation, and labour productivity growth, Canada’s 1970s circle was closer to the outer ring, which represents the best-performing country on each indicator. Use the pull-down menu to compare Canada’s economic performance in 2012 with its performance in the 1970s. Is Canada keeping up with the rest of the class? | || | Canada’s relative performance slipped from a “B” in the 1970s and 1980s to a “C” in the 1990s, but then rebounded to a “B” for the 2000s and 2010–12. Perhaps surprisingly, the G7 countries—against which Canada traditionally compared itself—are not the reason for Canada’s inability to reach the top of the class. The top five “A” grade spots in the report card for the first three years of this decade are taken up by smaller non-G7 countries.
Pawling Karate recently completed their fourth annual “Burpees for Parkinson’s Disease” challenge. The local martial arts school raises awareness and funds for Parkinson’s Disease research through a physical challenge to see how many “burpees,” or squat thrusts with a jump, the martial arts athletes can complete during the month of April. This challenge started back in 2015 and was inspired by Alison Sheltrown, a martial artist and friend of Sensei Alexis Sterry, owner of Pawling Karate. Alison was diagnosed with Parkinson’s in her early 40s and combats her disease through movement and exercise. In 2015, she issued a “throw down challenge” to all the martial artists that she knew. Her goal was to see how many burpees her network of friends and their students could do over the course of the month. Sensei Alexis further motivated her students to join in by committing to donate one penny for each burpee they did both in and out of class. Pawling Karate contributed 16,432 to the global total of more than 500,000. Each year Sensei Alexis continues this effort, and each year Pawling Karate’s amazing students rise to the occasion. In 2017, the total was 35,330. This year everyone really stepped up to try and beat last year’s record high. Most students performed an average of 600 burpees for the month, but some standout students doing over 1,000 or even 2,000 individually. The total for 2018 was an incredible 43,022. Sensei Alexis’s penny-per-burpee donation combined with other generous donations meant that $816.22 was donated to the Van Andel Institute for Parkinson’s Research. Sensei Alexis was astounded by the total this year, stating, “I am constantly amazed by the dedication and ability of my students; they surpass every goal I lay out for them. I am so proud!”
| The site is owned and operated by ESS-COLOMBIA. Calle 65d, Medellín,Columbia | All rights reserved! INDEPENDENT ESCORTS BUCHAREST TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF SITE By clicking “AGREE AND ENTER” below, you confirm that you are over the age of 18 years and have read, understood and accept the Terms and Conditions for use of this website. Please click here to read the Terms and Conditions.
I think a lot of us can use something to cheer us up and motivate us to continue on. So let me start with the breaking news today that the Far Right Has Lost the French Presidential Election. Now on to the roundup of what went right this past week ending 5/6/17. - The Supreme Court ruled that under federal housing law cities can sue banks for discriminatory lending practices that hurt low-income neighborhood, holding that “cities can be an “aggrieved person” who can sue over the impact of housing discrimination on the city’s finances. SCOTUS also rejected an appeal on religious freedom grounds to a California law banning gay conversion therapy, leaving the law intact. - In more good legal news, a federal court reinstated a Kentucky couple’s case for damages against Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis, who refused to give them a marriage license. The court ruled that Kentucky changing marriage licenses in 2016 did not eliminate the harm Davis may have done to their constitutional right to marry in 2015. A gay couple won a landmark legal ruling that paves the way for same-sex marriage in Bermuda when the Bermuda Supreme Court found that the Human Rights Act took primacy in Bermuda and protected their right to marry. - A Federal Appeals court denied to rehear a case upholding rules on net neutrality that that forbid internet providers from blocking or slowing internet traffic. Activists at Fight for the Future raised $25,000 through a crowdfunding campaign to purchase full-size billboards on heavily traveled roads in the home states of four Republicans who lead the passage of the bill allowing the sale of browser history. The billboards will show how much Blackburn, Heller, Rutherford, and Flake took from the telecom industry. In un-legal news, the ACLU reversed course and said it won’t file a lawsuit challenging the executive order on religious political exemptions because the “signing was an elaborate photo-op with no discernible policy outcome.” After careful review the ACLU determined that the assertion that the Executive Order would “‘totally destroy’ the Johnson Amendment has proven to be a textbook case of ‘fake news’” - As part of the effort to follow the WH order to reduce regulations, the EPA is collecting public comments by phone, online, and in writing, about which clean water regs should be targeted and so far 6,000 comments have been published and they are dominated by those staunchly opposed to the regulatory rollback. You have until May 15th to post your comments. You don’t need to be an expert. Do it here. - I’m going to call the budget deal a win, while some may disagree for a variety of reasons, it does not include money for a wall, increases federal spending on medical research, green energy programs, saves PBS and the arts, and other areas the WH pegged for reductions. While it does include $1.5 billion for border security, the money is for technology and infrastructure repairs, not more detention facilities or deportation officers. The legislation is also free of policy riders intended to restrict abortion access or loosen financial regulations, it prevents the DOJ from using any funds to prevent implementation of state medical marijuana laws, or serve other Republican priorities. - The Boston Red Sox permanently banned a fan from attending for making racial slurs against the Kenyan singing the National Anthem, after his comment was reported to them by another white fan. Trayvon Martin’s parents will accept a posthumous bachelor of science degree in aeronautical science conferred on him by Florida Memorial University “in honor of the steps he took during his young life toward becoming a pilot” before he was killed. In other University good news, Butler College in Pence’s home state is now offering a course entitled “Trumpism and US Democracy” The course describes 45 as perpetuator of “sexism, white supremacy, xenophobia, nationalism, nativism and imperialism” and explains that students will discuss and possibly engage in strategies for resistance. Since I don’t know of any resistors who were actually paid for protesting, contrary to republican claims, I guess college credit will have to do. - The CEO of KeraVada, a black hair care product company, removed his hair products from an Asian owned Beauty Supply company after learning the company mistreated black women at the store. An international group defiantly opposed to the Roman Catholic Church’s ban on women priests, the Association of Roman Catholic Women Priests, ordained its first woman Catholic priest in the Catholic Diocese of Charlotte NC. - The major television networks, ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, and CNN have all refused to run twittler’s 100 days of accomplishment propaganda ad. CNN said “the advertiser must remove the false graphic that the mainstream media is ‘fake news”. As the mainstream media is not fake news, and therefore the ad is false and per policy will be accepted only if that graphic is deleted.” - The second nominee for Army Secretary, Mark Green, withdrew his nomination after weeks of withering criticism over his past extremist statements against LGBTQ and Muslims communities. The first nominee withdrew because of financial entanglements. Another Republican Congressperson has announced they will not run for re-election in 2018. The decision by Florida Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen not to run gives Democrats a chance to pick up a seat in the 2018, as her district went for Clinton in 2016. - New Yorkers gave 45 an appropriate welcome home by coming out in thousands to boo him and unfurl anti-trump banners. He was so afraid of the protestors that he ran away to his home in NJ rather than stay in NYC. Feel free to comment on anything I missed. The fight to save the Affordable Care Act is not over. It is more important now more than ever to write, call, fax, text, tweet, email, and show up at your Senator’s office or town hall meeting to demand they vote against repealing the ACA.
Crude oil spills into Caddo bayou, kills wildlife MOORINGSPORT – A major crude oil spill discovered near here Monday that stopped just shy of Caddo Lake has already killed dozens of fish and some reptiles and will keep cleanup crews and regulatory agencies on site likely for months to come. "I would call it a significant size spill," Bill Rhotenberry, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's federal on-scene coordinator said of the oil that leaked in a rural Caddo Parish bayou from a Mid-Valley Pipeline. The pipeline's owner, Sunoco Logistics, roughly estimated 4,000 barrels of crude oil had flowed into Tete Bayou when control operators noticed a drop in pressure around 8 a.m. Monday. The line, stretching 1,000 miles from Longview, Texas, to major oil refineries in Ohio and Michigan, was shut down within 20 minutes, Sunoco spokesman Jeff Shields said. Shortly before noon, contractors searching from air and by foot tracked the source of the leak and began immediate efforts to stop if from getting into Caddo Lake. "That was a priority," Shields said. No oil sheens have been detected on the lake, but it will be monitored by air and boat as the cleanup continues. The spill area off Hereford Road, which dead ends at the lake, is sparsely inhabited where workers are concentrating their efforts. Evacuations were not ordered; however, three families voluntarily left. Sunoco is paying their expenses for the duration of the time they want to be away from their homes. The company has approximately 250 contractors on scene mopping up the spilled crude. To work in the area, the contractors must wear flame retardant clothing, hard hats, safety goggles and respirators. The pungent odor of oil fills the air closer to the work site. Air monitors are spaced throughout the heavily wooded area and readings are taken to make sure the volatile organic contaminants, or VOCs, do not reach a certain level to where it would cause a health risk. EPA is monitoring the air quality independent of Sunoco. "The only risk of VOCs is in the immediate area of the oil," Rhotenberry said. "Out of the spill's pathway it's not as much of an issue." Readings have been low so far. Shields estimates about 1,900 barrels of crude had been recovered from the bayou through Saturday. Neither he nor Rhotenberry could offer a timeline for full removal, other than said it will take months. A spill from the same pipeline in March in Cincinnati is still in the remediation phase. Once the majority of the oil is removed then the focus will turn to remediation and restoration. Jeffrey Meyers, spill response specialist with the Louisiana Oil Spill Coordinator's Office, said the time-consuming task moving forward will be to locate the pockets of residual oil that can become trapped in the soil and even in crawfish holes. "After we get the black up we'll be looking for the sheen," Meyers said. Natural bacteria aids in eating the oil but it's not as effective in the fall and winter months. So the maintenance phase will include constant placement and exchange of oil-absorbing materials. It will take a joint effort of Louisiana Natural Resource Damage Assessment, Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries, the oil spill coordinator's office and the Louisiana Department of Environment Quality to keep an eye on the area long term. Trees, vegetation and wildlife in a neighboring bayou will be used as a baseline to determine if Tete Bayou is showing any unusual signs of damage. Through Saturday, the spill has proven deadly to about 66 animals, Shields said, including 30 fish, crawfish and 10 reptiles. A wood duck was rescued and is in the hands of a wildlife specialist that will stay on scene to assist with animal rehabilitation needs. Sunoco "understands its obligations well and understands it is liable for the cost," Shields said. The U.S. Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration regulates pipeline spills and will oversee the investigation into how the leak occurred and if any action will be taken against Sonoco. The line was built in 1949-50. For the short term and long term Sonoco will have to mitigate, Meyers said. "Nobody is walking away from this so to speak." Fortunately, the weather is cooperating. Heavy rains or warmer temperatures would only add to the cleanup woes by increasing the harmful vapors. In the meantime, travel on Hereford Road has limited access as workers are moving around in ATVs, pickups and large trucks from the bridge to a staging area. Louisiana State Police Troop G spokesman Matt Harris also cautions hunters to stay away because of the number of people who are working in the woods. "It's a safety concern, also because of their equipment," he said.
Jul 11, circuito transmissor fm 2n lm pcb x Circuito de transmissor de FM com 2n para celular rf trasnmissor fm transmissor circuito . Diversidad de circuitos y aplicaciones. LM Amplificador Operacional LM Sensor de Temperatura LM Temporizador. 1 Circuito LM 1 Circuito LM (IC2). 1 Flip Flop tipo D, (IC3). 1 Transistor 2N (Q1). 4 Capacitores cerámicos (de C1, C2, C3 y. |Published (Last):||7 April 2006| |PDF File Size:||20.59 Mb| |ePub File Size:||5.41 Mb| |Price:||Free* [*Free Regsitration Required]| How often do you need to subtract two voltages? Op amps are used as amplifiers, filters, integrators, differentiators, and many other circuits. It was fed with a low frequency 0. If the collector voltages are different, the Early effect will cause the currents to be different. And orientation might matter too, so try to match that. But for a variety of reasons, PNP transistors have an entirely different construction. Since both transistors have the same emitter voltage and base voltage, they source the same current,  so the current on the right matches the reference current on the left. The whitish-yellow areas are the metal layer of the chip on top of the silicon – these form the wires connecting to the collector, emitter, and base. Below that is a P layer connected to the base contact B. With considerable effort I’ve moved all the images off Picasaweb to Amazon S3, which hopefully will be more reliable and won’t break my links. How I photographed the die Integrated circuit usually come in a black epoxy package. Radio Receiver with CI 741 This is a TO metal can package, with the top sawed off. Most of the photo links in this post broke when Picasaweb closed. They consist of a circular emitter Psurrounded by a ring shaped base Nwhich is surrounded by the collector P. Note the multiple interlocking “fingers” of the emitter and base, surrounded by the large collector. But some ICs, such as theare available in metal cans which can be easily opened with a hacksaw. Symbol ,m741 oversimplified structure of an NPN transistor. The Hugin photo stitcher can also be used for this, but I had trouble with it. The current on the right copies the current on the left. The idea of a current source is you start with one known current and then you can “clone” multiple copies ocn the current with a l,741 transistor circuit. Circuito amplificador operacional lm 358 datasheet pdf This allows a much higher resistance for a given size. So you could see the input stages gradually getting circuitoos and darker as the charge on them accumulated and dissipated, while the output stages would flip back and forth between light and dark as they were saturating. If you’ve studied electronics, you’ve probably seen a diagram of a NPN transistor like the one below, showing the collector Cbase Band emitter E of the transistor, The transistor is illustrated as a sandwich of P silicon in between two symmetric layers of N silicon; the N-P-N layers make a NPN transistor. Also goes to gnd compatible with all forms of logic voltage controlled oscillator vco power drain suitable for battery operation. The large resistor snaking around the upper middle of the IC controls the initial current. Given how much of the die is used for the capacitor already, taking advantage of the Miller circuitod is very important. If the two inputs are equal, the current is split equally. I’m bookmarking THIS blog! The output transistors in the are larger than the other transistors and have a different structure in order to produce the high-current output. The more common variant has 24 transistors, while the less common variant has 20 transistors. Schematic of a simple differential pair circuit. The different brown and purple colors are regions fon silicon that has been doped differently, forming N and P regions. The internal blocks of the The internal circuitry of the op amp has been explained in many places so I’ll just give a brief description of the main blocks. More complex current ckrcuitos circuits can reduce these problems. Lm operational amplifier oregon state university. This could repeat, causing larger and larger oscillations. An op amp takes two input voltages, subtracts them, multiplies the difference by a huge valueor moreand outputs the result as a voltage. Schematic symbols for a current source. In the pinch resistor, a layer of N silicon on top makes the conductive region much thinner i. The op amp, packaged in a TO metal can. The op amp is one of the most famous and popular ICs  with hundreds of millions sold since its invention in by famous IC designer Dave Fullagar. And why amplify by such a huge factor: The following circuit shows how a current mirror is implemented. As explained earlier, resistors inside ICs are both inconveniently large and inaccurate. Understanding silicon circuits: inside the ubiquitous op amp Your cell phone uses op amps for filtering and amplifying audio signals, camera signals, and the broadcast cell signal. Third, instead of multiple output transistors, you can use one transistor with multiple collectors; this seems bizarre if you are used to discrete 3-pin transistors, but is a normal thing to do in IC designs. Finally, by flipping the circuit and using NPN transistors in place of PNP transistors, you can create a current sinkwhich is the same except current flows into the circuit instead of out of the circuit. Using one large resistor and current mirrors is more compact and more accurate than using multiple large resistors. The 25pF capacitor in the has a very small value but takes up a large fraction of the chip’s area. The capacitor blocks these oscillations.
Husky Homestead is proud to be certified by Adventure Green Alaska since 2018. Adventure Green Alaska (AGA) is currently Alaska’s only sustainable tourism certification program, and works to promote environmentally conscientious and sustainable tourism in Alaska. AGA is a voluntary certification program of the Alaska Travel Industry Association (ATIA) for sustainable tourism businesses operating in Alaska that meet standards of economic, environmental, and social sustainability. The AGA sustainable tourism certificate program encourages tourism businesses to evaluate their operations and determine whether they use-or could be using- best management practices. What are we doing here at Husky Homestead? - Support local businesses and communities, as well as source as many items as possible from Alaskan businesses. - Set company-wide sustainable practices for staff and guests (recycling, purchasing post-consumer waste products, using non-toxic cleaning products, composting of dog poop) - Use energy-efficient practices wherever possible (LED lightbulbs, coordinate pick-ups to use the least amount of vehicles thereby limiting our carbon footprint, catch rainwater for use in watering our dogs) - Support the Denali Zero-Landfill Initiative. Here are some easy ways for visitors to Denali to minimize trash and waste while you travel: - Bring a reusable water bottle to refill. - Bring or buy a reusable bag to carry your souvenirs and supplies. - Choose groceries with minimal packaging and recycle as you pack. - Opt for paperless tickets and receipts. - Recycle aluminum cans, glass, and plastics #1, #2 and #5 in the our recycle bins as well as the park’s recycle bins. - In some remote areas, recycling services are limited, so please – if you pack it in, pack it out, and always practice Leave No Trace ethics.
Orange RugWarm up any room with an orange rug, whether that rug is bright orange like a citrus fruit or warm orange like an autumnal harvest. Orange rugs can come in a wide variety of colors, from bold and eye-catching to nearly pastel. Choose an orange rug color to suit the vibe and aesthetic of your space, or one that complements other colors, including red, yellow, brown and beige. If you want an orange rug in your space, you can choose one that is solid. You can also choose one that has a pattern, including geometric, floral, quatrefoil, trellis or Moroccan prints. There are a wide variety of orange rug patterns, each of which lends the rug a style -- from contemporary, to transitional, to traditional, to cottage and beyond.
It is already the second day of battle, but I am still confined in this room. All my wraiths are out, except one, standing near me. The King of the Mountain, Thongril, Bori, the human general and the Great Magus are also protected by my wraiths. The two humans are not really comfortable with this, but the dwarves don't care. My wraiths are one of the best defenses against assassins. As for me, I just listen to all the reports coming from either my undead or Oslo. I feel like a Halfling, that knocked his head on a stone, missed the entire battle, but hear at the end that 3 of his friends died, the king included. Well, I have the radio to pass the time, but it is still boring. (The first wall is still strong and not breached at all. Your zombies and weird creations are doing an amazing job at holding back the ratmen. The volley of projectiles never ends, and more and more ratmen are dead in front of it. Of course, that provokes some towers of corpses, but when that happens, a flamethrower is used to burn it to the ground. With all the ratmen still climbing on it. As for the rest, it's good, they haven't found the secret tunnels yet.) Do you see the king or Thongril? What are they doing right now? (Thongril smashes skulls and the king is just staying on the ramparts, chilling. I mean, the battle is still under control, no need for him to personally act. Just his presence is enough to make the dwarves stronger and less tired. They have good rotations, and always have fresh warriors to hold their ground against the ratmen that bypass your undead. As for the humans, they are dying more than the dwarves, but are still fighting well. But what do you expect when everything capable of destroying the wall is broken and in pieces.) I really wanted to see those gyro-copters in action. I mean, I would have song the Ride of the Valkyries at the same time. No, you don't know that, but on my planet, it is mainly used to fight barely armed fighters with overpowered explosives. And it is a good music. As for the sniper rifles and the sorcerers? (Well, it is either your wraiths or the human magicians. I have to admit, that woman is pretty much on par with you, at destroying things. Well, she doesn't have the same mana capacity or regeneration and doesn't have your legions of undead, but she has things that your [Purple Moon] can barely match. As for the rest, some are at the same level but only two or three humans. The rest are like the magicians that you saw at Ronta, capable of destruction, but not mass destruction. And your wraiths, well, you get the idea. Most of the time, when it is out of reach, it is your wraiths.) Good to know that they are more useful than me. Here, another lich. 1/1800 MP and no more blood bottles. I think that I drank too much in those last few days. Be a shame if a … (If a what? Why are you not finishing your sentence?) No, just a premonition. If I finish my sentence, bad things will happen. And with that mana, I can't cast anything. So, I won't say anything. Better be safe than sorry. (You know the world doesn't work that way. It is not because you say that an assassin will come after you that he will. How can he manage to reach this, he has to pass through thousands of dwarves, and your spirits, with me seeing anything and …) No, don't tell me that. That's bullshit. I told you, you shouldn't have said that. (Ok, maybe there is something coming towards you. Something shaped like a shadow. Not a hundred percent sure that it is a ratman, ok, no, I will be honest, it is an assassin. Just hide, he can't see you underground.) Of course, I will. But why is he here, he can't know my presence in this room? So, he is searching for something else, like the thing you talked about in the throne. (THAT? NO WAY! First, it is near impossible to extract it. And I don't see anything capable of doing it. Next point, destroying is even harder. No, I think he is just waiting here in ambush for the king of the dwarves. Nothing else would make sense. Look.) I can see the shadow moving on the ceiling. And by shadow, I really mean it, I can't see the shape of a ratman behind it, even with my vision. That should be the big boss of the assassin. Maybe the one that killed the Hero, no, that means he would have lived for more than a century. Well, maybe ratmen live for a long time. After that, I see him approaching the throne, and like me, get stuck far away from it. He tries to approach it from the back, but nothing works. I know that feeling, but he loses his curiosity quickly and hides on top of a pillar supporting the room. It is time for my wraith to act. Number one, kill him. I can see my faithful and powerful undead approaching the assassin. And then, he attacks with his scythe … empty air. Right before the attack, the assassin already jumped out of his hiding spot. Well, you can run but you can't hide, while we are capable of moving through the environment. Number one try again a few times, but each is a complete failure. He can't even touch the shadow surrounding the ratman. On the other hand, the assassin is incapable of hurting my wraith. However, this strange dance ends abruptly. The shadow just walks away, since it can't do anything. And my wraith doesn't follow it since he can't do anything either. I just tell that to Meldun, the king, that says that I don't have to worry. Well, it is not me that has an assassin in my audience room. Following that short moment of action, I am still stuck here doing nothing. And I have to show myself to the dwarves continuously walking in and out of the room. The sad truth about being on top of the food chain. You lose your liberty and freedom. (Ok, time to tell you the latest news. We are officially still winning. This news was brought to you by Oslo, with Oslo, the chance of dying is very low.) Don't you have anything better? It is tiring to hear such a thing. With your eons of existence, you don't have anything better. (Well, actually, nearly all my heroes are the serious type, so I can't joke like that with them. I try to be as respectful and sage that they think I am. Only with you, who are not really the same kind of Hero, I can do stupid things, like taunting Aria and insulting her. Otherwise, we are still doing a very serious business, like allowing me or you to survive. But you are the most cowardly Hero I ever saw. It has been so much fun seeing you just run away when something was even remotely dangerous.) Hahaha, very funny, we are all very amused. It is my life that you are talking about, I know you don't really care that much, but I do. Like here, we are winning, and oh, a level. Great. Level 17/35. Barely below half of what I need. (Nothing else, like a skill being improved? Can you cast [Death Ray]?) "Not enough mana." Nope, as for the rest, I will tell you one more time. Since otherwise, you can't know how strong I am. Class: Manifestation of Death [Create Acid lvl Max] [Create Plague lvl Max] [Deadly Shadows lvl Max] [Domain of Mayhem lvl Max] [Nightfall lvl 9] [Magical Orb lvl Max] [Cursed Winds lvl Max] [Raise Undead* lvl 7] [Blood Touch lvl Max] [Veil of Darkness lvl 8] [Death Ray lvl 1] [Purple Moon lvl 1] [Language of Aria lvl Max] [Ethereal Vision lvl 5] [Status resistance lvl 4] [Magical resistance lvl 1] [Physical resistance lvl Max] [??? Resistance lvl 1] [Ethereal Body lvl Max] [Self-Healing lvl Max] [Magical Restoration lvl 9] [Magical Efficiency lvl 9] [Magical Handling lvl 9] [Cause Terror lvl Max] [Essence of mana lvl 5] [Forsaken of Aria (Marked by the goddess Aria to be invisible for all the divinities)] [Blessed by Oslo] [Butcher (have killed more than 10000 living beings)] [Nemesis of Krieg] [Followed by Hades]" Let me see, no nothing changed. I really want all those things related to magic to be improved, at least one more time. That way, maybe I will finally be able to cast that [Death Ray]. Otherwise, nothing changed. Hello God of Death. Just in case he is listening. Well, he should have probably fled after my first mental monologue. Why am I doing this? To not lose my sanity, being alone, lonely, I'm mister lonely, I'm so lonely. (Stop, please, your mental voice is giving me a nightmare. Especially the weird thing you are doing with your voice, why are you singing like that?) You wouldn't understand, that's the song. Never mind, just keep telling me what is happening during this battle where I can fight. More Privileged Chapters Download the app and become a privileged reader today! Come take a sneak peek at our author's stockpiled chapters!Download Please switch to the pop-up to complete the payment. Complete daily missions to get rewards.Learn more about the rules This's an experimental test for reading assistance in case. We highly recommend you to enjoy the beauty of the original words.
From his remixes of dance music through his record releases with LA Mix, Les Adams has specialised in making a lot out of a little equipment. His latest project is a solo LP, as Simon Trask finds out. Les Adams is already well known as a DJ and remixer. Now his home-recorded debut album should bring him into the limelight as an artist. IT HAS BECOME COMMONPLACE TO SAY THAT TECHNOLOGY has narrowed the gap between professional and home studios. But for proof you need look no further than the debut album from DJ, remixer, engineer, producer and recording artist Les Adams of LA Mix. On The Side has been recorded and mixed entirely at Adams' house deep in the wilds of Newport Pagnell, where he has built a 16-track studio into an upstairs room measuring less than ten feet by ten feet. Carpeted walls and triple-glazed windows have been put in place to pacify the neighbours, and some heavyduty air-conditioning has been installed to pacify the studio's previously over-heated users. Meanwhile, dominating the tiny landing is a stand containing two Technics SL1200 MKII decks, a GLI 1010 Audio Processor and a GLI 3990 Preamp/Mixer, the setup which Adams uses to put together Capital Radio's New Years' Eve mixes, which some of you Londoners may be familiar with. This can be wheeled into the studio whenever needed. On The Side will surprise more than a few people with its musical depth, variety of musical styles and, above all, its classy production work. While the recent hip house single 'Get Loose', the second single 'Check This Out' and an '89 version of the first single '(Don't Stop) Jammin' form what is perhaps the more expected element of the album, the remainder of the tracks show that Adams is able to work in a variety of musical styles without descending into pastiche. There's the garage soul of 'You Are The One' featuring Audrey Francois on vocals, the lilting jazzy instrumental 'Breathe Deep', the beautiful soul ballad 'Don't Turn Away' which gives long-time session vocalist Chyna (probably best known for her infamous wail on SAW's 'Roadblock') the chance to shine on lead vocals, the 10 City-ish 'Love Together' (the new single) with Kevin Henry on vocals, the Alyson Williams-ish swingbeat soul of 'Just Waiting' with Juliet Roberts on vocals, and a surprisingly effective rap ballad version of the 1979 Lowrell classic 'Mellow Mellow (Right On)', which introduces 19-year-old male rapper Sweet Pea to the world. Backing vocals are supplied by Juliet Roberts and another experienced British soul singer, David Grant. As well as showcasing a healthy number of old and new British soul vocalists, the album is distinguished by some tasteful sax, flute and piano solos by Mike Stevens, intelligent use of synthetic and sampled sounds, thoughtful and well-balanced arrangements, an impressively clean overall sound and pleasingly uncluttered mixes. AS WE SIT IN ADAMS' STUDIO, HE IS quick to scotch any preconceptions people might have that the album is all his own work. LA Mix is very much a three-way effort between himself and his partners Emma Freilich (with whom he shares his life as well as his recording studio) and Mike Stevens. Each of them brings something distinctive to the group, and it's this very diversity which is their strong point. "I don't play any keyboards", Adams admits, "but I'm there engineering the sessions and I'll put forward ideas of what I want people to play. Mike, on the other hand, is a brilliant multi-instrumentalist. He'll sit there and play a guitar part, then a sax solo, then some keyboards, and then a flute solo. All the live instrumental parts on the album, including the solos, are played by him. Sometimes he gets a bit overenthusiastic with his playing, and we have to hold him back. With dance music you've got to keep it kind of simple, because when people are out for a night at a club they want to hear something that's exciting and hooky; they're not going to sit there marvelling at how clever the solo is. "Emma is very good at coming up with hooky riffs. Once Mike's done all the pads and the solos we'll sit back and think 'what this needs is some little hooks', so Emma sits down at the keyboard and comes up with them. Also, of the three of us Emma is probably the strongest songwriter. But in practice we swap roles all the time. For instance, I normally do the mixes, but then Emma mixed 'Breathe Deep' on her own." The studio is based around a Fostex E16 tape machine and a Studiomaster Series 5 16:4:2 desk which has two extra modules to take it up to 24 inputs, with a Seck 12:2 desk functioning as an effects submixer. Adams can't speak highly enough of the Series 5: "It's had a very hard two years but it's been 100% reliable. The only thing that's ever crackled has been the monitor pot, and one squirt of switch cleaner cured that. Also it's the smallest 24-channel mixing desk with the kind of facilities it has; anything bigger and I'd have to move house!" Adams is planning to add mix automation courtesy of two Studiomaster IMP1 16-channel MIDI muting units which plug across the desks insert points. The muting works on MIDI note ons and note offs, and so can be run from Adams' Pro24. Adams is enthusiastic about the prospect. "The good thing about using note ons and offs is that you can quantise them and shift them around in the sequencer; the possibilities seem quite endless." The Seck mixer, however, comes in for some harsh criticism for its crackling faders, and is only tolerated because Adams doesn't need to adjust the effect levels in real-time. Monitoring is taken care of by Yamaha NS10Ms and JBL Centuries running off a Rotel RB850 50-watts-per-channel domestic hi-fi amplifier. For synth sounds Adams uses a Roland D50, Yamaha DX100, Roland Juno 106, Yamaha TX802, Yamaha TX81Z and Oberheim Matrix 1000, while the drums department is taken care of by a combination of Roland TR909, Roland TR626, Alesis HR16 and samples on an Akai S900. The S900 is shortly to be augmented by an S1000 complete with time-stretching software; Adams expects to use the S1000 for more sampled drum sounds and for spinning in vocals. Rather than work one drum machine to death, Adams tends to pick and choose sounds from the different machines with great attention to how they sit in a mix. His library of sampled drum sounds includes some R8 sounds, but he intends to buy an R8 too, and is also on the lookout for a TR808. And while the 909 isn't used all that heavily on the album, it does see regular use in Adams' remix work. Roland drum machines win the day once again. "In a big studio you think that whatever you put onto tape is going to sound good because the equipment's great - here I'm working in limited conditions and I'm careful." Effects processing is provided by two Lexicon LXP1s, an AMS RMX16, Ibanez SDR1000+, Yamaha SPX90, Korg SDD100 delay and two Boss DE200 sampling delays. This array of hi-tech gear is sequenced from Pro24 running on a 1040ST, synced to tape via a Yamaha MSS1 SMPTE/MIDI synchroniser, with everything routed through the Studiomaster and Seck desks via patchbays. "With everything I do, Pro24 is running live in the mix, and that's usually with about eight to ten sequencer tracks. Some have composite parts on them, firing one sound but different parts in the tune. Then there are sequencer tracks such as keyboard parts which I put to tape and mute afterwards on the sequencer, so altogether I probably use around 15-20 sequencer tracks. I never record drum parts to tape, though; they're run off the sequencer during recording and mixdown." A Sony DTC 1000ES DAT machine fitted with an HHB 44.1kHz record mod is used for mastering, though if he needs to do some tape edits first, Adams records onto a Revox PR99 via a DBX15O noise reduction unit (about which he can't speak highly enough) before going to the Sony. For cutting he uses Tape One studios just off Tottenham Court Road, who take a DAT tape recorded at 44.1 and bounce it digitally to a Sony 1830 for the actual production master tape. It seems that DAT is not only a perfectly acceptable mastering medium nowadays, it's almost become the norm for professional work. Adams explains that this impressive array of gear has been built up bit by bit over the past few years. "It was always a case of 'I could do with another reverb; yeah, I can afford one', then a couple of months later I would have done a couple of remixes and I'd be able to buy another noise gate. Now the studio's really at the stage where we don't need to expand it much more, which is a good thing because we'd need a bigger room. If we went 24-track it would be purely for compatibility reasons, so we could send a two-inch master across to America to have some vocals added, for instance. But the album really demonstrates what we can do in here." And indeed it does. So how exactly did he go about achieving the album's impressively clean production? "I take great pride when I'm recording onto the E16 that everything is as clean and as quiet as it can be, because I know that when I'm playing the tape back the Studiomaster isn't as quiet as an SSL. I just make sure that at every stage of the recording process I'm using the mixer and the tape machine at their best working conditions. "There's a lot of space in the tracks on our album, and it's virtually noise-free. I'm quite proud of that, because we've done it on equipment which you would not expect to be noise-free. I've heard stuff that other people have done on E16s using mixers similar to this, and there's been noise all over the place. How do these people get such bad results? They just don't take any care, they don't take any pride in what they do." In fact, far from wanting to work in a 48-track or even a 24-track professional studio, Adams sees definite virtues in the comparative limitations of his home setup. "When you're working in a big studio with all that expensive equipment, you almost think that whatever you put onto tape is going to sound good because the equipment's great. Whereas here I'm working in limited conditions and I'm careful. For instance, when I choose a bass drum I choose what I think is the right one, and I also choose my keyboard sounds carefully. When I record onto the multitrack I make absolutely sure that if the source is not quiet then I gate it. If I'm recording a bass part to tape then I'll make sure that all the channels on the desk that I'm not using arc muted, and the sequencer is only playing the bassline, so there's no chance of any spill on the multitrack. "I always try to get a sound which sounds flat when I record it, because I'm aware that if I'm going to add any EQ in the studio that it introduces noise, and I hate noise. If you've got to EQ a sound to get it right then it's the wrong sound in the first place. I usually use EQ when I'm setting up the mix; if, for instance, a keyboard part isn't cutting through quite as it should then I'll use a bit of whatever frequency it needs to bring it forward in the mix." Of course, to know what needs to be done in the mix you need monitors that you can trust. The JBL Centuries are the studio's workhorse monitors. Adams has used them for 14 years, valuing them for the detail of their reproduction. "I try to use bass sounds that aren't demanding on amplifiers - I want to make sure that the average domestic hifi power amp is going to reproduce what I record." "They've got a very clinical sound", he explains. "They only reproduce bass when there's bass there. Nobody could say they have a flat response, but they're very tight, very punchy, which makes them great for dance music. The monitoring in this studio doesn't have to be as flat as monitoring in a commercial studio, because it's only used by me and the immediate team, and we know these speakers. If the studio was for hire to other producers then I'd have to get different monitors, because I don't think another producer could walk in here and happily work with the Centuries if he didn't already know them." The NS10s, on the other hand, are an industry standard. However, Adams cautions against using only NS10s in a studio. "They're very misleading at the bass end. You can't hear depth on them at all. There's no reason why you should be able to, because they're a small speaker. But when people I know with home studios who've only got NS10s come here and I put their stuff on the JBLs, suddenly all this bass appears and they realise they've got to get some other speakers as well." Despite having plenty of experience of club sound systems through his years spent DJ'ing, Adams still had to learn the hard way what not to do when producing a dance record for the clubs. "I always used to go for deep, thundering bass sounds, which sound collossal in the studio or on a really good sound system like Paradise Garage in New York. But in your average Mecca-type club, or any club which has a Bose sound system, the speakers just can't handle the energy of a deep bass sound when they're already being pushed to their limits, as they invariably are. Bose have this stronghold throughout the UK, but although their speakers are great for mid-range and top, when it comes to bottom end, forget it. "Nowadays I use warm, rounded bass sounds, with not as much bottom end on them as you might think. And I use a good, tight, kicking bass drum, like the 909 bass drum, which thumps. Bose speakers, or any speakers running at high level, will handle a 909 bass drum. I try to use bass sounds that aren't demanding on amplifiers. I want to make sure that the average domestic power amp is going to reproduce what I record, which is why I use the Rotel. Also, if this amplifier cracks up on something I'm mixing then I know the average club system will crack up too, because it's gonna be driven a lot harder than this thing is." NOW 33 YEARS OLD, ADAMS RECALLS that his DJ'ing tendencies manifested themselves at an early age. "I've been collecting records since the age of three or four. At primary school I used to put out the record player for morning assembly; it was my job to put the records on. I also used to listen to the pirates, Radio Caroline and Radio London; I can remember crying uncontrollably when Radio London went off the air. In fact, I always fancied myself as a radio DJ. When I was a kid we built this little studio which was basically a mic and two old auto-change decks wired through a switcher to an old Ferguson tape recorder. We used to have speakers wired up all around the house; I hate to think what the load was on the poor old valve amp! "My first serious studio was when I was about 18. I had an Allen & Heath mini-mixer and a couple of Pioneer belt-drive decks with Shure cartridges. It was still very much for radio. I used to record my own radio shows on cassettes and send them to my girlfriend in the West Country" Well, it beats love letters, I suppose. But alongside his radio ambitions Adams had always been interested in the technical side of how a record was made, and even a couple of years before leaving school his ambition had been to work in a recording studio. However, it wasn't to be. Leaving school at the age of 15 with no qualifications, he soon discovered that even recording studios wanted people with '0' and 'A' levels. Deciding to opt for what he felt was the next best thing, he went to work in a hi-fi shop in Tooting called REW. In the event he ended up working for REW for 11 years, rising to become manager of the professional audio division at a branch in Charing Cross Road. It was here that he began to familiarise himself with mixing desks and multitrack tape machines. But he had also been running a mobile disco with his brother since the age of 16, and had developed a love of dance music. Eventually he left REW to work as a professional DJ, because "for me the love of music was more important than the technology behind it". It's a philosophy which he still holds today. He spent the next couple of years working as a DJ, then one fateful evening as he was driving back from a gig he tuned into Radio Caroline and a show called Disco Mix Express which consisted of running mixes of records. The DJ, Tony Prince, asked for people to send in their own tapes of mixes; Adams duly obliged with three mixes, and two days later received a phone call from an excited Prince. Not only did he have all three mixes played on air, but he found himself in at the ground level of Prince's fledgling Disco Mix Club, providing taped mixes for the Club in the early '80s. "In other fields of music it can be important that brass sounds real - with dance music it's not so important to get everything sounding real as it is to get everything sounding powerful." As DMC began to grow, so did Adams' mixing and tape-editing skills, and he became well known for putting together megamixes ("compilation" mixes of an artist's greatest hits). But it was when he graduated to multitrack remixes that he really began to learn the ins and outs of a professional recording studio. The turning point for him came when he teamed up in '86 with Pascal Gabriel, who was working as a freelance recording engineer at Hollywood Studios in East London at the time. "Pascal was learning from me the construction ideas behind making dance records, because he'd never really worked on dance product before", Adams recalls. "In return he was showing me how to use all the technology of the studio. We worked well as a team." Adams' first big break as a solo artist came with the single '(Don't Stop) Jamming', which he refers to modestly as "an experiment in the studio which someone happened to like and put out". The record reached No. 47 in the charts in October '87, but it was the follow-up single, 'Check This Out', which really made his name, climbing to the number six spot in May '88. Back in those heady days when the idea of DJs making records was still a novelty, the DIY ethic was rekindled by tales of chart-topping dance records being recorded on a shoestring budget. By the time Adams came to record his first single, he had assembled a relatively modest eight-track home studio based around a Fostex A80 tape machine and the Studiomaster Series 5 desk when it was still 16-channel. A Yamaha QX5 handled the sequencing, while the sounds were provided by the DX100 and S900, and a solitary SPX90 handled the effects. ALTHOUGH ANALOGUE SYNTHS HAVE BEEN undergoing something of a renaissance recently, thanks to dance music, the even balance of analogue and digital synths in the Adams studio reflects a general working philosophy. "I don't really have a leaning towards FM or analogue sounds. I have leanings towards certain sounds for certain applications", Adams explains. "To be honest, I actually know very little about the internal workings of synthesisers, and I don't care if it's FM or if it's analogue or whatever. I judge things purely by what my cars tell me. You can get too involved in the technical side of things. At the end of it all we're trying to make exciting dance records, and we just use the sounds which we feel allow us to do that. "I can say that I like to use 'Arco Strings' on the D50 for my string sounds. For bass sounds I like to use the Oberheim Matrix 1000 or the Roland Juno 106, which of course are both analogue, but I also use 'Solid Bass' on the DX100. The bass sounds on the D50 are a joke, though." It seems that the D50 is about to be ditched in favour of an M1 or M1R for the sounds, and possibly a DX7 II for the feel of its keyboard. One instrument which isn't about to go is the S900, which Adams characterises as the workhorse of the studio. In particular it's used for sampling drum sounds off CDs, an activity which Adams feels is quite legitimate because many of the sounds he samples have come from drum machines in the first place and therefore aren't copyrighted. Sampled rhythm loops crop up much less frequently in LA Mix's music, though 'Get Loose' has a loop of Atmosfear's 'Dancing In Outer Space', which was cleared by the record company, and 'Love Together' has a short percussion loop which hasn't been cleared and therefore remains anonymous! "We used our own percussion on top of it", Adams adds. "Sometimes we'll start with a loop, add our own percussion and then take out the loop because the track sounds better that way." The S900 is also the source of a sampled Kawai grand piano which is used for all the piano parts on the album because "it's a great house piano sound." Instrumental authenticity isn't something that's high on Adams' list of priorities: "In other fields of music it can be very important that brass sounds like real brass, and if it doesn't then you get a real brass section in. But with dance music it's not so important to get everything sounding real as it is to get everything sounding powerful. For instance, to get the brass sound on 'Mellow Mellow' I used 'Hard Brass' on the DX100, another sound from the D50, vet another sound from a TX802 and one from a TX81Z, and then there was a low tone from the Juno 106 which gave a bit of body in the background." Call it the democratisation of technology, call it the relentless drive of market forces. But when Adams left school in the early '70s, lack of exam qualifications, coupled with the closed nature of the recording industry prevented him from realising his ambition to work in a recording studio, and he had little choice but to pursue a different career path. Such are the forces which shape lives. Less than 20 years on, today's youngsters (yes, you out there) can take matters into their own hands in a way which wasn't open to Adams, and Adams himself is able to record in his own home using an array of technology which makes the professional recording studio of yesteryear look primitive - not to mention with a skill which makes exam qualifications redundant. On The Side not only illustrates how the production quality gap between home and professional studios has closed, it marks Adams' step from DJ and remixer to fully-fledged artist. Interview by Simon Trask mu:zines is the result of thousands of hours of effort, and will require many thousands more going forward to reach our goals of getting all this content online. If you value this resource, you can support this project - it really helps!
Know before you go This area may have travel restrictions related to COVID-19. Frequently rated 'the best holiday cottage ever stayed in' by guests. Description of sleeping capacity: Sleeps 6 (3 Bedrooms) Notes on bedrooms: Bed 1 - super king sized double bed + ensuite Bed 2 - king sized double bed Bed 3 - generous twin beds All have a wardrobe, chest of drawers, bedside cabinets, lamps, mirror and pretty views of village and/or stunning views of the valley - 100% refund if you cancel at least 14 days before check-in. - 50% refund (minus the service fee) if you cancel at least 7 days before check-in. - No refund if you cancel less than 7 days before check-in. Damage and Incidentals You will be responsible for any damage to the rental property caused by you or your party during your stay. Children allowed - Cot and high chair within the cottageCot and high chair within the cottage Max guests: 6 (sleeps up to 6 adults) - Sleeps 6 plus cotSleeps 6 plus cot Minimum age of primary renter: 18 Check in and check out with no person-to-person contact Cleaned with disinfectant High-touch surfaces cleaned with disinfectant (like countertops, light switches, handles, and faucets) All towels and bedding washed in hot water that’s at least 60ºC/140ºF Heidi and Bruce - english, Welsh About Heidi and Bruce We live in England with our 2 children, our two cats and two dogs. We both work, but spend most of our holidays at our home in Trefin, enjoying the spectacular beaches and coastal walks that are right on our doorstep. In fact Heidi was brought up in Trefin, where her parents still live and we have many friends in the village. So it really feels like home when we are there. Heidi and Bruce purchased this cottage in 2006 Why Heidi and Bruce chose Llanrhian We chose the property with a view to moving into the village some time in the future, so we have put our heart and soul into the place. Heidi felt privileged growing up in Trefin, surrounded by endless coastline within walking distance, as well as numerous coves and bays, she could walk or cycle to everyday. Our kids can't get enough of the place. Even in the height of summer, it is easy to find secluded beaches and walks all to yourself. There is a staggering amount and variety of activities to enjoy in Pembrokeshire, whether you have children, are into arts and crafts, history and archaeology, boating, fishing, extreme sports, theme parks, wildlife and marine life, or simply want to get away from it all to relax in peace and quiet. What makes this cottage unique Our house is recently decorated and everything, including floors, windows, kitchen and bathrooms, is brand new. It is a very spacious property with oak flooring or tiles, high ceilings and underfloor heating downstairs. Other features such as the log burner, flat screen TV, american sized fridge freezer, large induction hob stove, separate utility, chandeliers, hotel standard bathrooms and generously sized beds, plus balcony off dining room french doors, contribute to the luxury feel. The house was also decorated with children's safety in mind. Apart from stair gates, and optional fire guard and plug covers, the spacious garden is fully enclosed and the balcony decking leading onto the lawn is as non slip as possible.
A MORE REWARDING CAREER STARTS HERE At Adams Land & Cattle, LLC, we believe our employees are the basis of our operations. Because of our ongoing commitment to quality, we are continually searching for exceptional people who can contribute to our commitment to excellence, integrity and respect for others. THE FOUNDATION OF OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS ON THE GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT OF OUR EMPLOYEES. Through continued training, education, support and recognition, employees are able to further develop their own talents and opportunity within our organization. In an effort to develop our workforce, we offer tuition reimbursement for on-going, approved educational opportunities. Adams Land & Cattle, LLC is an Equal Opporutnity Employer. To learn more, view the EEO is The Law poster. ADAMS LAND & CATTLE, LLC OFFERS A COMPETITIVE COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS PACKAGE. BENEFITS INCLUDE: Adams Land & Cattle, LLC is a world-class leader in cattle and crop production, as well as a major research and development company. We have a variety of exciting career opportunities in our production, production services and administrative areas. For more information about careers at Adams Land and Cattle, LLC, contact our Recruiting Department.
Michael emerged from a capsule in New Zealand long ago, and proceeded to Make Things. He has made many of the different Kinds of Thing. For some time he attemped to follow an Expected Life Path: the Academic, but despite an abiding love for the Abstract it was not quite the right fit. He went to the University and studied Mathematics, then travelled to the UK to pursue a PhD, but eventually broke down and dropped out of that. Meanwhile, he spent far too long making Vertex Dispenser, an esoteric strategy game that few understood. Now: He lives a reclusive life in an unnamed village while making as many games as possible, and hopes to continue doing so. He is responsible for Glitch Tank, a 2-player iOS game; Zaga-33, a streamlined roguelike; VESPER.5, a sacred ritual; and numerous others. The main competition for the 2017 IGF has revealed the final contenders. these are the 2017 independent games festival finalists No articles were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the article list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Post article and help us achieve our mission of showcasing the best content from all developers. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments.
Thanks for your interest in Adobe Connect Audio Setup Wizard! I’m currently working on a detailed video to get you the latest information on this… But in the meantime… Checkout the best ClickFunnels offers, benefits, and features below. In this day as well as age, the means your company runs online could make or break you. Just how do most businesses currently have a visibility online? The truth of the issue is, nonetheless, that web sites have actually dramatically advanced over the previous years – and the techniques of old are not functional for contemporary organisation. In the past, it would certainly suffice to have an easy internet site with a home page, solutions, pricing, regarding us, and get in touch with pages. A prospective consumer would go to your site, scroll about, visit the different pages and eat content as they please. Nonetheless, if you are a business spending any cash on advertising and marketing, you wish to regulate what consumers are learning more about on your site, existing offers at the right time, and maximize the revenue you make from each person. How does one accomplish this? Making use of sales funnels. Get in ClickFunnels ClickFunnels is the simplest method making high converting sales as well as advertising funnels. It is an one-of-a-kind device created especially to turn prospective consumers right into buyers. It really is an all-in-one solution to develop sales funnels and consists of touchdown pages, email assimilation, invoicing, webinars, subscription sites, therefore much more. No wonder it has promptly end up being a preferred device for marketing experts. Below is my in-depth ClickFunnels Evaluation, consisting of favored features, prices, pros/cons, and also contrasts versus rivals. Adobe Connect Audio Setup Wizard: But First, What Exactly Is a Sales Channel? Sales funnels (additionally called marketing funnels) are multi-step campaigns that are designed to relocate prospective leads via your sales process, and turn them into purchasers. Image a real-life channel. On top, you pour fluid in, which narrows down towards one fixed destination. In sales, a similar occasion happens. At the top, visitors come to your internet site, yet not all that go into make it out of the other end as customers. Many things need to take place from the moment a visitor enters your channel, to the moment they act and efficiently finish an acquisition. By breaking down the client’s trip right into smaller steps, you can be a lot more specific regarding exactly how when you offer a deal to your target market. The thorough steps in a funnel may look something similar to this: - Unqualified lead gets to touchdown web page - Web page interacts the initial offer (something totally free to accumulate an e-mail). - As soon as email is collected, major deal is pitched. - Lead ends up being a paying consumer. - Even more e-mail interaction providing customer worth. - Further connection structure - Reoccuring sales. ClickFunnels additionally has a graphic that describes this in a straightforward method:. What is ClickFunnels? As stated earlier, ClickFunnels is the most effective sales funnel software around today. The firm makes the strong claim of providing you whatever you need to market, sell, as well as supply your products online – and also they certainly provide. A typical funnel will make use of an opt-in web page (to collect email addresses), an e-mail vehicle responder (to send emails to your clients), plus an extra sales page with some web content and also an order form, potentially adhered to by extra content, a membership website, and so on . Previously, you would certainly have to utilize various platforms as well as devices to complete every one of these tasks such as: - Produce a website - Find Hosting - Locate an autoresponder service - Discover membership website software program - Discover split-testing software … etc But ClickFunnels looks after everything with their system. You not only conserve a ton of money by not having to acquire various products/services, but you additionally avoid the technological mess of needing to establish everything up, and also can focus on what’s really vital – expanding your company. ClickFunnels offers a Free 14-Day Test, so you get to check out the device and really see if it’s right for your service. * Rapidly Develop Pages Utilizing Themes as well as Components *. Before getting too much, it is necessary to recognize that a funnel is a collection of pages assembled in a critical order, with the goal of transforming as several prospects into customers. As well as a page is simply a collection of different aspects made to obtain someone to take a particular activity. ClickFunnels provides more than 50 various components to help you build the excellent web page. The editor is incredibly simple to make use of as well as all you need to do is drag as well as drop different elements on the web page, and also upgrade the text as well as appearance to fit your demands – no coding abilities required! ClickFunnels additionally makes your life much easier by supplying you with a lots of free templates. As a matter of fact, ClickFunnels supplies over 37 kinds of web pages for you to mix and match with. These are broken down into the following 10 groups: - Presell Pages: Study Page, Article Page, Presell Page, Clickpop Web Page - Optin Pages: Squeeze Web Page, Reverse Squeeze Page, Lead Magnet, Coupon - Thanks Pages: Thank You Page, Offer Wall, Bridge Web Page, Share Web Page - Sales Pages: Video Clip Sales Page, Business Letter Page, Item Launch Web Page - OTO Pages: Upsell Web Page, Downsell Web Page - Order Forms: 2 Step Order Page, Conventional Order Web Page, Video Clip Sales Letter Order Web Page, Sales Letter Order Page, Item Introduce Order Web Page - Webinar Pages: Webinar Enrollment Web Page, Webinar Verification Web Page, Webinar Broadcast Space, Webinar Replay Room - Subscription Pages: Accessibility Page, Member’s Location - Affiliate Pages: Gain Access To Page, Associate Location - Various Other Pages: Application Web Page, Ask Web Page, Store Front, Home Page, Hero Page, Hangout Page, Live Trial Web Page The pre-built templates are fully customizable, and also are exactly what most individuals utilize. You are able to pick a theme, edit or change the aspects with your very own, and also your new web page prepares to go. You can additionally link any kind of funnel you create with your personal e-mail advertising solution (if you do not utilize the one consisted of in ClickFunnels), and utilize the ClickFunnels integrated in billing system. This is additionally a good time to discuss that ClickFunnels offers extremely beneficial and easy to understand training videos when you initially register. I very advise experiencing those because they quickly enable you to use the tool at its full ability, and also you’ll have more enjoyable messing around. Adobe Connect Audio Setup Wizard * Develop One-Click Subscription Sites *. One of the most effective features with ClickFunnels is the capability to easily develop membership sites as well as deliver content to your target market in one place. Your subscription site will certainly come total with enrollment pages, membership gain access to pages, and content pages which you can conveniently secure or trickle feed to your customers according to acquisitions they made in your channel. ClickFunnels membership sites enable you to send out emails, conveniently manage your emails, and also build an area all while removing the stress that’s related to various other remedies such as Kajabi, or WordPress platforms. It’s truly helpful to not need to buy a separate software or plugin to create subscription websites. * Email Assimilation & Actionetics *. With every channel comes email listing building chances. ClickFunnels supports email integration with all the major e-mail automation systems such as: - Active Campaign - Constant Contact - Get Response - Mad Mimi - Market Hero - And others Nonetheless, ClickFunnels additionally has their very own effective automation tool called Actionetics. Although you could create, timetable, as well as provide e-mails similar to any other e-mail advertising and marketing platform, Actionetics is a lot a lot more. I enjoy Actionetics due to the fact that it not only changes your e-mail marketing however messenger advertising and also SMS marketing software programs also. This takes automation to an entire brand-new degree as well as assists you interact the ideal message to your clients, precisely when they need it. A video clip introduction of Actionetics will certainly be supplied further listed below. * Invoicing and Settlement Assimilation *. An outstanding feature within ClickFunnels is the capability to gather all the payment details from your customers right on your sales page. Offering is made a lot easier when customers do not need to leave your website. ClickFunnels incorporates with major settlement entrances such as PayPal, Stripe, and also InfusionSoft, among others. While you could begin with the Free 14-Day Trial, there are 3 various prices options with ClickFunnels: - $ 97/month. - $ 297/month. - $ 997 bulk discount plan (suggested). I’ll go into detail for each of these plans below. 1. ClickFunnels Requirement Strategy – $97/month. The conventional plan includes all of the attributes you would require within ClickFunnels, however with restrictions on the variety of funnels (20) and also pages (100) you can have in your account, along with the number of site visitors (20K) could see your pages monthly. You also do not get sophisticated capability such as ClickFunnels very own email advertising and also affiliate monitoring devices. 2. ClickFunnels Etison Collection – $297/month. This strategy includes all the bells and also whistles of the basic strategy, without any constraints. It also includes two added items produced by ClickFunnels called Actionetics (email advertising) and Backpack (affiliate administration system). In Actionetics – you can manage all your calls that subscribe to your list, send out email programs, and also produce a host of other automations. Adobe Connect Audio Setup Wizard The difference in between the two plans truly is the limitations, as well as Actionetics/Backpack. If you are a fundamental customer as well as do not expect to make use of more than 20 funnels in your account – the Requirement Plan need to suffice. Nevertheless, if you plan to have an affiliate program or wish to keep your e-mail marketing within ClickFunnels as well as not use a third party software application, the Etison Suite is for you. You can constantly begin on the lower plan and upgrade if required. 3. Funnel Hacks System – $997 For any individual that’s severe about their business, the ClickFunnels Funnel Hacks System is the deal of the century. The $997 Funnel Hacks System includes robust training programs packed with 6-month accessibility to the ClickFunnels Etison Suite. This is an amazing deal given that beyond this program, 6-months of Etison Suite alone would certainly cost you $1782. Not just are you saving $785 but you’re getting a ton of trainings and also guides to help you get one of the most from ClickFunnels! ClickFunnels Benefits And Drawbacks - Producing funnels is extremely basic, simple, as well as fast - All-in-one system with every little thing your business has to win - Split testing and also conversion tracking included - Email combination with all the significant email autoresponder systems - Settlement handling capabilities within ClickFunnels - ClickFunnels is constantly adapting and updating to the times - There is always sustain offered (whether online or not). - Incredibly energetic Facebook Team Area. - Free 14-Day Trial – enables you to attempt it take the chance of cost-free. - As outstanding as ClickFunnels is, it certainly is not an economical service and also requires a continual registration to make use of - Assistance isn’t really always the fastest and also may take from 1 minute to 24 hours depending on the problem. ClickFunnels versus Everybody Else. Lots of people ask exactly how ClickFunnels compares to other touchdown page home builders such as Leadpages, Unbounce, and also Infusionsoft. Essentially it’s not actually a fair contrast since each of these devices succeeds is one area or the other. The chart over gives a detailed evaluation – but I’ll highlight several of the significant comparisons below. ClickFunnels vs Leadpages Before ClickFunnels, Leadpages was the large pet dog. Leadpages is just a lead capture software – nothing even more. You could develop landing web pages, lead boxes, gather leads … that’s practically it. In addition, the Leadpages templates are additionally restricted on personalization. ClickFunnels is even more flexible – it’s much easier to utilize as well as does so a lot more compared to produce lead capture web pages. Basically, Leadpages is actually simply a landing page building contractor, while ClickFunnels is focused around building highly incorporated funnels. ClickFunnels vs Infusionsoft Infusionsoft is not a touchdown page or sales page home builder. It has a few of that functionality built it, yet that’s not exactly what it’s known for. At it’s core, Infusionsoft is a CRM platform – one that enables you to manage your whole client data source. ClickFunnels has this capacity with Actionetics, yet it’s not almost as advanced as Infusionsoft. Infusionsoft is likewise very pricey and forces every new consumer to pay $2000 for a necessary kickstart mentoring bundle just to find out the best ways to make use of the intricate system (which is notoriously tough to utilize). ClickFunnels Associate Program There are two primary paths people decrease as ClickFunnels users. Those that prefer to make use of the tool for their company – in hopes of eventually attain the Two Comma Club (over $1M in revenue). And those that want earning passive earnings as a ClickFunnels Associate and also winning the Desire Cars and truck Competition (where they pay $500/$1000 towards your desire vehicle if you reach 100/200 active month-to-month signups, specifically). With a massive 40% monthly repeating compensation, ClickFunnels quickly has among the greatest affiliate programs of any kind of platform around. That’s right – you get paid an ongoing 40% commission on every affiliate signup you make through the ClickFunnels Associate Program. However, what does that truly equate to? The basic plan is a $97/month financial investment and the Etison Collection plan is a $297/month investment. therefore you make $38.80 each basic strategy and also $118.80 each Etison Suite plan … every single month! On average, every 100 signups will bring in $4000/month in affiliate payments (more or less depending upon how many Etison Strategy users remain in there). The Bottom Line ClickFunnels is by far the greatest platform if you are aiming to quickly build high transforming sales funnels. Due to the fact that it was constructed from the ground up to be the best sales channel building contractor, it vanquishes all the competitors in that regard. On the surface, it might not be the least expensive item around – but if you utilize it to its full capacity, your organisation will certainly become much more rewarding as well as you will save money from not having to utilize other tools. Adobe Connect Audio Setup Wizard If you have actually read this far right into my ClickFunnels Testimonial, I recommend you see for yourself with a Free 14-Day Test right here.
Care-fully exploring the ‘agentive properties’ of the digital: The critical design of digital experiences for cultural heritage sites By Dr Sara Perry (MOLA, Museum of London Archaeology) Museum of London Archaeology Digital technologies are marked by what Gavin Smith calls their “agentive properties”—their unparalleled capacities to subvert expectations, play with ontologies, and form intimacies and companionships, among other things. These features of the digital are known to generate enchantment in people, yet such enchantment often comes about in ways that leave us naive to the potentially exploitative and adverse outcomes of our everyday digital practices. Cognizant of this power of our digital practices to grow and entrench injustice and inequity—to solidify the “techno-quo” (after Ruha Benjamin)—I critically reflect here on multiple years of collaborative work in designing digital storytelling experiences for cultural heritage sites in different parts of the world. I review the various critical, ethical, value-sensitive methodologies that we enrolled over time into our design process, often in response to problems that unwittingly threatened to undermine our interest in social justice. In particular, I focus on multiple digitally-mediated experiences centred on introducing audiences to egalitarian life and non-hierarchical communal organisation. The effects of these experiences on individuals have been complex and not necessarily positive, and I attempt here to tease out how design choices related to the digital technologies have (and have not) facilitated critical engagement with cultural heritage sites and their egalitarian lifeways.
The MH Difference We believe People Matter, Passion Inspires, and Purpose Unites. High-quality and affordable used material handling and construction equipment for varying applications and budgets. Have a short-term need to fill or expanding your business? We offer rental rates & availability for forklifts and lift trucks, industrial floor cleaning equipment, AWPs, and more. Optimize ROI with MH Equipment's Fleet Management services. Is your fleet losing you money through excessive maintenance costs or inefficient operations? Our Fleet Management experts understand productivity and can help address maintenance costs, uptime, effective equipment utilization, and more. At MH Equipment, safety is a top priority. “Safe in the Moment” is not just a motto--it's a way of life for our people and our promise to you. Our safety and training courses for forklift operators provide insights into best practices and are a worthy investment for your company and your employees. MH Equipment’s technicians are trained experts at keeping fleets running in top condition. With millions of dollars in local parts availability and factory-trained, GPS dispatched service technicians, MH Equipment is prepared to address service needs and have your equipment back in service in industry-leading timing. At MH Equipment, our vision has always been to be regarded as an employer of choice, a trustworthy partner, and ethical market leader in the communities we call home by providing our customers with innovative solutions and unparalleled value. We believe in forming lasting partnerships with our customers and suppliers as well as supporting our employees’ drive to give back to our communities. We have a Passion to serve and believe in leading by example. Our mission is to deliver exceptional service while honoring our vision and recognizing that People Matter, Passion Inspires, and Purpose Unites.
Anyone who regularly reads book reviews and keeps current on the rapidly evolving technology world is likely to have heard of a newly published book by Walter Isaacson, the famed author of Steve Jobs’ biography and president of the public policy think-thank, The Aspen Institute. In fact, Isaacson’s new book has been reviewed by a countless number of publications, garnering significant attention and accolades – and it’s not difficult to understand why. Entitled “The Innovators: How a Group of Hackers, Geniuses, and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution” (October 2014), it is Isaacson’s first book that profiles not one, but multiple people, who throughout history have contributed to the technological wonders of today – namely, the computer and the internet. Named one of Amazon’s 2014 Best Books of the Year (#18) and ranking number 11 in the 2014 National Book Awards Longlist, it offers a fascinating exploration into the minds, personalities and creative spirit of technological innovators, beginning with Ada Lovelace – Lord Byron’s daughter – who pioneered computer programming in the 1840s. Moving on to later, perhaps more well-established figures – including Vannevar Bush, Alan Turing, John von Neumann, J.C.R. Licklider, Doug Engelbart, Robert Noyce, Bill Gates, Steve Wozniak, Steve Jobs, Tim Berners-Lee and Larry Page – Isaacson shows how it was the collaborative effort of many minds and geniuses who transformed our world with the creation of a digital revolution. For further insight and a sampling of the reviews, please see below: - “The Women Tech Forgot” (New York Times, reviewed by Nick Bilton, October 1, 2014): “In many respects, the book could have been called ‘The Collaborators.’ Each chapter reinforces the core premise that Mr. Isaacson made after 15 years of research: That every technology innovation, whether programming code, transistors, personal computers or the Internet, was built by groups of people (usually by borrowing from past ideas).” … “Ms. Lovelace’s role in tech for example, is so paramount that her story is the opening and closing chapter. An English mathematician and writer, she wrote the first-ever computer algorithm, put forth the idea that humanities and technology should coexist and dreamed up the concept of artificial intelligence.” - “Geek Squad” (New York Times, reviewed by Brendan Koerner, October 2, 2014): “Stubbornness is just one of the personality traits ubiquitous among the brilliant subjects of ‘The Innovators.’ Isaacson identifies several other virtues that were essential to his geeky heroes’ success…[t]he digital pioneers all loathed authority, embraced collaboration and prized art as much as science.” … “Few authors are more adept at translating technical jargon into graceful prose, or at illustrating how hubris and greed can cause geniuses to lose their way.” - “Heralds of the Digital Tomorrow” (New York Times, reviewed by Janet Maslin, October 8, 2014): “Ada Lovelace’s mid-19 century writings were so brilliantly visionary about the potential of a general-purpose computer that she is acknowledged as a major-tech-world hero.” … “The United States Defense Department named a computer language after her. There is an Ada Lovelace Day in Oct, a nifty Ada Lovelace Google Doodle and many books about her, including Ada’s Algorithom, a new biography by James Essinger.” - Kirkus Reviews* of The Innovators: “Isaacson reiterates one theme: Innovation results from both “creative inventors” and “an evolutionary process that occurs when ideas, concepts, technologies, and engineering methods ripen together.” “Isaacson weaves prodigious research and deftly crafted anecdotes into a vigorous, gripping narrative about the visionaries whose imaginations and zeal continue to transform our lives.” *Kirkus Reviews is an American book review magazine founded in 1933. For more reviews, please visit the below links: - Wall Street Journal; reviewed by Steven Shapin, October 3, 2014 - Washington Post; reviewed by Matthew Wisnioski, October 3, 2014 - Bloomberg Businessweek; reviewed by John Homans, October 2, 2014 - Financial Times; reviewed by Richard Waters, October 10, 2014 - Boston Globe; reviewed by Charles Euchner, October 21, 2014
Enjoy Yellowstone, Bar Rescue, 68 Whiskey and more, available on Apple TV. The latest episodes, behind-the-scenes clips, Bellator MMA events and blockbuster movies are just a tap away. Watch full episodes from your favorite series the day after they air. Sign in with your TV or cable provider to unlock even more episodes and exclusive content, including: • Bar Rescue • 68 Whiskey • Lip Sync Battle • I Am Patrick Swayze • I Am Paul Walker • I Am Chris Farley • Ink Master • Wife Swap Signing in with your TV provider is simple: Just tap on Settings, select your provider, and log in with your provider user name and password. For more details about signing in with your TV provider, contact firstname.lastname@example.org. • We save your spot, so that you never miss a scene. Can't finish an episode? Continue watching right where you left off. Just tap on the series you were watching, and our video player does the rest. • Stream Live TV. That's right -- you can even watch Paramount Network in real time when you sign in with your TV provider. Full episode streaming is available within the U.S. only. For more information about this app and online behavioral advertising, check out http://srp.viacom.com/sitefaq.html. Your California Privacy Rights: https://www.paramountnetwork.com/legal/bhws2g/privacy-policy Do Not Sell My Personal Info: viacomprivacy.com
The Global Advisory Group highlights the global business opportunities available to the real estate industry in the state of North Carolina and the Triangle region. Providing a proven framework of community activities, professional development courses, research and economic resources, national speakers and networking events helps enable our members to expand their business beyond just domestic buyers and sellers. Founded in 2001 by a group of Triangle Area REALTORS® who shared a common interest for our global community, our mission is to provide programs and networking opportunities that will enhance its members' ability to successfully compete in our global marketplace. We invite you to look through our global resources provided with your Raleigh Regional Association of REALTORS® membership; stay up to date on the latest global news, and get in touch with our Global Leadership through this page! 2020 Global Advisory Group Leadership • Chair: Matt Vance • Vice-Chair: Mark Parker • Global Ambassadors: Brett Bushnell, Codjo Cossou, Scottie Hundley • Global Liaison: Casey Angel * Click Here for full Global Advisory Group composition and roles/responsibilities. Global Advisory Sponsors 2020 Events & Meetings • January 29th 2020 - Executive Session • February 26th 2020 - Executive Session • April 22nd 2020 - Global Lunch + Learn • May 27th 2020 - Webinar: Global Impact on Local Markets • July 29th 2020 - Executive Session • August 26th 2020 - Webinar: India Insights & Global Legislation • September 30th 2020 - Executive Session • October 28th 2020 - Executive Session • December 3rd 2020 - Art of India with International Focus NC
ARIES (March 21-April 19) -- Take a break and stop laboring over work-related dilemmas. Pay close attention to your health, and make choices that will ensure your happiness. Romance is highlighted. TAURUS (April 20-May 20) -- Research new possibilities. Go directly to the source of whatever you want to investigate. Something you learn will sway a decision regarding your beliefs or vocational direction. GEMINI (May 21-June 20) -- Don’t share your plans until you have everything in place. Surprising others will help you alleviate interference and encourage greater support. Your plans will encourage a closer relationship with a loved one. CANCER (June 21-July 22) -- Anger won’t solve a pending problem. Take a serious approach to whatever you want to pursue, and only include those who have something to contribute to your success. LEO (July 23-Aug. 22) -- Spread your wings and fly. Learn and experience all you can. Make time for a loved one and express your feelings and intentions. A personal change looks auspicious. VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22) -- Don’t get bogged down by people trying to upset you. Step outside any drama and enjoy what life has to offer. Socializing will do you good. LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 23) -- Avoid discussions that might disrupt your home and personal lives. Give yourself a chance to think about what’s going on. An outing with someone you enjoy being around is encouraged. SCORPIO (Oct. 24-Nov. 22) -- Live and learn. What you experience and discover today will help you make choices that will map out your future. Plan an outing that could lead to an interesting revelation. SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 23-Dec. 21) -- You can have fun without going overboard. Aim to accomplish a lot by putting your energy into a constructive project that will improve your home and relationships with loved ones. CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19) -- Arguing will be a waste of time. A physical activity is encouraged and will help you calm down, keep the peace and defuse a festering problem. AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 19) -- A financial gain is possible. If you look over your personal papers, you will discover something that will lead to a surprise. Celebrate with a loved one. PISCES (Feb. 20-March 20) -- Don’t let the actions of others lead you astray. Concentrate on doing what you can to help those less fortunate or to repay a favor. Getting involved in indulgent behavior is discouraged.
To begin, I think it is important to note that DNF stands for “did not finish”. In other words, what makes me put down a book and never want to pick it up again? This is something I have been thinking about a lot lately, as I realize that my time is valuable and there are thousands of books I want to read, so why waste my time reading something I am not enjoying? However, I do think that this is easier said than done! I plan to write another post talking about why I continue reading books even when I should DNF them. I know many of us can relate to that! There are also times where I will put down a book just because it is not the right time for me to read it. There is nothing inherently wrong with the book, and it may even become a favourite, but I am just not in the mood for it! I recently wrote a post talking about some of the books I want to try again some day. #moodreaderproblems There are a whole host of reasons why I might DNF a book, but the major one is if I find it to be problematic in any way. I will not give a second thought to DNFing a book that is racist, sexist, transphobic, etc. Is there a specific trope you can’t stand? Don’t get me wrong, I can appreciate a love triangle if it is done well; however, they are so often handled horribly. I struggle reading about love triangles where it is evident from the beginning who the main character is going to choose- it takes away all of the tension, mystery, and intrigue! I also dislike when one of the love interests is awful, while the other (who the protagonist will ultimately choose) is perfect in every way- it feels manipulative somehow! My most disliked trope is any form of cheating in a relationship. I don’t know why this bothers me so much, but I just cannot find it romantic. Once again, the current partner who is being cheated on is usually flawed, which is a way of justifying the cheating. This is so overdone and I find it frustrating! I 100% understand that relationships are complicated and not every situation is the same, but it is just not something I want to read about in a romance. A plot twist that will make you drop instantly? Something I have noticed that is common in thrillers is the use of mental health as a plot twist. It makes me angry every single time I come across it. Unfortunately, the book is usually almost over by the time the twist is revealed! It is one of the main reasons why I am so picky about the thrillers that I read. I have been burned one too many times! How many pages do you usually give a book to capture your attention? Lisa @ Cold Brew Book Reviews on Instagram has come up with an interesting system that I am trying to put into practice. The idea is that once you have read 20% of a book, you evaluate whether or not it is currently a three star or higher. If it is not, then you DNF the book. She has even created a hashtag, which is #20percentthoughts. I think that this is so smart! Twenty percent is more than enough to know how you are feeling about a book and the writing style. I also love that this method encourages you to stop and reflect on what you are reading. I might starting sharing my 20% thoughts in future blog posts! How many books do you give a series before deciding if it’s worth your time? I have talked about this before, but I am terrible at finishing series to begin with! I usually give a series one book. If I don’t enjoy the first one, I will not continue on with the series. There are some series where people say you have to read a few before they get really good, but I don’t want to have to suffer through three or four books just to get to the goods ones. That said, if I love the first book in a series and the second one is a disappointment, there is still a good chance that I will give the third book a try, especially if it is a trilogy. Serpent and Dove is a great example of this. I loved the first one, but Blood and Honey let me down; however, I will still read the third and final installment because I am curious enough to know how the story end. Do you count books as read on Goodreads if you DNF them? I personally do not. If I DNF a book at 20%, I do not think it is fair for me to review it. I just put it down, remove it from my TBR, and move on. It is rare for me to read more than half a book and then not finish it, but even then I don’t think I would review it. The only exception would be if it was extremely problematic and I thought it was important to inform other readers of the issues I had. If I am simply not enjoying it or it is not the book for me, I don’t count it as read or review it. I would love to hear all your thoughts on DNFing books! Is it something you do? Why or why not?
With over 40 years of experience in automotive repair, our facility offers quality service combined with the easy access to the correct parts that may be needed to get your classic Mini back in shape, and back on the road! - Safety Inspections - Engine Installations - Tune Ups (Road and Race) - Brakes, inspection & replacement - Suspension Upgrades - Subframe Restorations - A to Z Restorations The extra cost of shipping a part, assembly, or entire vehicle to our Auburn, California facility is more than offset by the knowledge that your classic Mini is in the capable hands of long-time classic Mini experts. We have the specialized knowledge that may not be found in your local repair/machine shop, and we rely on our extensive (and successful!) Mini racing background and road Mini ownership to know exactly where to check to diagnose (and avoid) problems. Ask About Seven's: Race Mini Services • Pre-Sale / Pre-Purchase Inspections • Post-Purchase Inspections contact us for an estimate or additional services!
No products in the cart. Thalgo Micronized Marine Algae is 100% Natural Patented Micronized Marine Algae rich in minerals, vitamins, and micronutrients. This pure algae activates the body’s functions, relieves aches, purifies, and assists the natural metabolic balance. Thalgo Micronized Marine Algae is fine powder (125 µm), obtained by micronisation, 100% natural, pH 6.5. Algae allow regained fitness and general revitalization thanks to an infusion of trace elements and vitamins. Through a wrap or a bath they relax the muscles and joints and eliminate and drain metabolic waste through a sweating effect. Thanks to their high iodine content, algae contribute to refining the silhouette, favoring the loss of fat. How to use: Use one sachet of Thalgo Micronized Marine Algae per bath, 1-2 times a week as an intensive treatment. - Fucus remineralizes and is a slimming precursor. - Laminaria remineralizes, stimulates circulation, and drains. - Lithothamnium remineralizes and acts as an anti-stress agent. |Thalgo Collection Line|
18650 Removable Battery Is Sold Separately, please choose a 18650 battery option in the drop down list above.(detailed specs of each battery is available on this website under the replacement parts drop down menu). Safety first folks, we recommend adding a protective case to your order. The purpose of this specially designed case is to protect your loose batteries from becoming a fire hazard while outside of your unit. (cases are sold separately and are available in the drop down menu above). This eCig model has a built in micro USB charging port, optional 18650 chargers are available in the drop down menu above. The advantage to having an 18650 rapid charger is that it allows for rapid charging of your removal batteries (detailed specs of each charger is available on this website under the replacement parts drop down menu). The Joyetech eVic AIO is a compact all in one system that couples Joyetech's V4.02 Firmware pre installed with up to three different types of display modes. The Joyetech eVic AIO features a range of up to 75W, Real Time Clock display modes, and full temperature control, integrated into a slim, removable 18650 battery powered chassis that sits alongside an integrated Sub-Ohm Tank which has the tank capacity of 3.5 milliliters and is based off of the CUBIS Pro platform The 18650 battery bay and the AIO Sub-Ohm tank compartment features a magnetized battery door for easy access. The top filling and top airflow tank design features a convenient top fill and a top adjustable airflow valve. Atomizer heads and e-liquid can be easily refilled and replaced. 1x eVic AIO 1x Notch Coil 0.25ohm coil (Direct Lung) 1x BF SS316 0.5ohm coil (Direct Lung) 1x LVC Clapton 1.5ohm coil (Mouth to Lung) 1x QCS coil 1x USB cable 1x Adapter 1x Manual Donation made to Molly Meals on your behalf by ZeeCigs with purchase of this item. Limited warranty against any manufacturing defects from the date of delivery from ZeeCigs.com. Warranty does not cover scratches or possible discoloration from regular use which is considered normal wear and tear, it is up to the user to protect against such damage. Zee Cigs Vaping Guide” Featuring The “Five Keys” of how to use a Electronic Cigarette including recommended eJuice nicotine levels and an explanation of vapor hardware options. These “Keys” are very important so please take the time to read the entire article before ordering, as user error is not covered under warranty. The five keys to produce the best vapor experience are as follows: First Key (Battery Output) 1. An eCigarette vapor model may have a built in battery (non-removable) or offer a removable battery option, the industry standard for removable batteries is the 18650 battery. Certain e-Cigarette models can offer variable wattage/voltage, not all models will offer this option therefore we encourage you to review the options of the model of eCig you are interested in before making a purchase. A good example of the power output of a vapor eCigarette is the, iStick eLeaf 100watt model (mod) which can produce up to 100 watts of power. The user of the iStick 100 watt model has the control to choose almost any wattage level, in doing so the eJuice flavor profile and vapor output of the unit can be changed to preference. Keep in mind that the higher the wattage capability of a unit is the the larger the batteries are to power that unit. Commonly 100 watt units (mods) are powered by two removable 18650 batteries, the convenient option of being able to remove the batteries, and swap them for newly charged replacements allows you to keep up with the power consumption of your unit. If you are interested in a 200 watt output unit, these models typically require two or even three 18650 batteries for power. A typical electronic cigarette offers anywhere from 2watts to 50 watts of power with 75 watt units being the current industry standard. eCigarettes such as these are usually manufactured with the battery built in, making charging the unit fast, easy and convenient. One of the preferred features of these models is the USB capability, allowing the user to vape and charge the eCig simultaneously. All of the convenient features and the value that it offers the user, makes these units a popular choice. The 100 watt models (vape rigs) will typically have removable 18650 batteries. One of the features of these units is the ability to charge the batteries via an onboard micro USB port, the con to this feature is that charging this way is slow due to the high mah levels of the batteries . The pro for users of 100 watt units (vape mods) is the ability to charge extra batteries in a separate charging station. If you are on a budget keep in mind that extra batteries and chargers may add to your overall cost of the unit. Second Key (Coil Head Resistance) 2. Coil heads in an electronic cigarette are the updated version of the eCig atomizer. Atomizers were common in the first generation units such as: 510, eGo-T, eGo-W and eGo-C models. Although the coil head resistance levels may seem confusing we will attempt at making the options easier to understand allowing you to customize your eCigarette model according to your vaping habit, which will result in the perfect vape, every time. To explain coil head resistance in simple terms Think of the coils resistance number (1.5, 1.0, 0.5, 0.25 ohm, etc) in the form of money, 1.5 would be a dollar and a half. 0.25 would be twenty-five cents. The lower the number the lower the resistance and the more power (wattage / voltage) will be needed to run that coil head. It may appear odd that the lower the number the more powerful the coil but this is due to ohm's law and this option is out of human control as it’s the law of electricity. A low resistance coil head needs to be powered by a high output battery and/or electronic cigarette model that has the option of variable wattage/voltage as more power is needed. This is why many advertised eCigarette units showcase the max wattage output When you use a low resistance coil you can increase the wattage/voltage settings to a level where the vapor and flavor output is to your preference. Please keep in mind each resistance level has a minimum and maximum wattage setting. For example a Joyetech 0.5ohm SS316 coil will have a wattage range from 15 watts up to 30 watts. Therefore if you increase the wattage setting over the maximum 30W while using the Joyetech 0.5ohm SS316 coil head, that will result in a coil head failure. We used the Joyetech SS316 coil as an example, each manufacture differs in design and we recommend you check the manufacturer's settings before using the coil. If you are wondering how each coil manufacturer can offer different ranges even if the coil head resistance level is a universal setting, then you are asking the right questions! Some coil heads might have one heating coil built inside of the head, some have two coils built in four coils, six coils and even eight coils built into the head (we are sure the future will bring even more coils packed into a coil head). The minimum and maximum wattage settings will change the more coils that are built within the coil head. Keep in mind that if you have a coil head with quad coils built in (four coils) then you will be converting liquid into vapor at a higher rate which will produce much more vapor and you will consume a lot more eLiquid (nicotine liquid). Coil head Resistance is very important as it dictates the flavor and/or vapor output. Think of this replaceable part as the engine. You have the control to place a powerful engine (low resistance) or a more economical engine (high resistance) or anything in-between. The lower the resistance the more powerful the output including flavor and vapor, keep in mind a more powerful engine will use much more eLiquid as its providing a much higher output and can double your eJuice consumption compared to high resistance coils which use less vaping juice (nicotine juice). Not all units can power a low resistance coil head (powerful engine). Every electronic cigarette model offers a minimum resistance, which dictates how low the coil resistance can be per eCig model. For example, the Joyetech eGo AIO model does not offer variable voltage / wattage and has a voltage level preset at 3.7 volts. The Joye eGo AIO minimum resistance level is 0.5ohm (preset at the factory) as that is the lowest level the eCig unit can operate at. A 0.25 coil will not operate in this eCigarette model. As a second example the Joyetech eGrip 2 is a variable wattage / voltage eCig model that can produce up to 80 watts. This vapor eCig model can power a full range of coils with the lowest coil setting of 0.1. That’s right, 0.1 ohm, which is the lowest option currently available, however you normally will not find a premade coil at such a low resistance level. These low resistance levels are the result of custom built (home-made) DIY tanks, in these cases the user builds their own coil from scratch. Please note, unless you have full knowledge of ohm’s law, coil building education and the proper safety equipment you should not attempt to build your own coils as this is very dangerous and is the reason you now see so many disclaimers posted on vapor eCig retailers websites regarding “electronic cigarettes explodes” and fire hazards. This is also the reason for popular “junk media” stories of exploding electronic cigarettes. If you are not using custom built coils (home-made) in your eCig model than your risk of lithium-ion failure is extremely low, so low that the odds of failure are the same as any device that uses lithium ion batteries including cellphones, smartphones, iPhone, iPad or laptop failure which we all know is extremely rare. If you stay away from custom made (home-made) coils your eCigarette vapor model is extremely safe to use. Lower Resistance Coil Head (Heating Element for eCig models) Lower resistance levels commonly called Sub Ohm such as 0.25, 0.05 and 0.6 ohm will result in nicotine liquid becoming harsher at higher levels. Lower coil resistances allow for DL vaping (Direct Lung). When using low resistance coils we recommend 6mg of nicotine in your eJuice or lower with 3mg of nicotine being the most popular for 0.25, 0.05 and 0.06 ohm coil heads. High Resistance Coil Head (Heating Element for eCig models) High resistance levels such as 1.5 ohm allows you to use a full range of electronic cigarette nicotine liquid from 0mg up to 24mg of nicotine. Higher resistance coils allow for the more traditional vape habit of MTL vaping (Mouth To Lung). Although high resistance coils heads (1.5) allows for a full range of eJuice nicotine levels, vapor user should note that flavor and vapor output is reduced when using high resistance coil heads. MTL vs DL MTL Stands for “Mouth to Lung” and DL stands for “Direct Lung”. Classic vapor electronic cigarette models such as the EVOD and T3S featured MTL allowing the user to first inhale a large amount of vapor into their mouth and then the eCigarette user would inhale the vapor into their lungs. Newer vape models (rigs) can be much more powerful and use low resistance coil heads resulting in a new technique to inhale which is referred to as “Direct Lung” inhalation. These more powerful vape models (mods) coupled with a low resistance coil head produce large amounts of vapor the user of these models doesn't need to wait for the vapor to build up in their mouth before delivering it to the lungs, instead they simply inhale directly from their mouth into their lungs. Special note should be taken that newer is not necessarily better. Many new users to vapor electronic cigarettes products choose to purchase eCigarette units that provide the classic MTL vaping experience. If you are new to electronic cigarettes than you might want to choose a model that can accept coil heads that offer both MTL and DL coil head options as you will be able to experience both methods and decide which vaping method is best suited to your vaping habit. Third Key (Temperature Control) 3. Since we explained MTL and DL now is a great time to mention Temperature control. The temperature control setting is only available if the unit has temperature control settings built in and the eCig user has installed specially designed temperature control coil heads. If you have both options you can change the eCigarette models (mod) settings to the temperature control vaping option. Temperature control settings allow for yet another (confusing) option of vaping as the focus is on the temperature of the vapor being produced. In this mode you do not change the wattage / voltage setting but rather increase or decrease the temperature setting. Very few electronic cigarette users enjoy this vaping sensation. Simply put, this vaping option has been attributed to marketing hype to sell more vapor products. If you are new to vaping we recommend starting with the Variable Wattage/Voltage settings, in the future you may want to consider trying this setting as a limited number of vapor users do enjoy it. Fourth Key (Vapor eJuice / eLiquid nicotine levels) 4. When it comes to electronic cigarette nicotine juice you have many options. As a rule of thumb the higher the nicotine level the more throat hit (a term used to associate the feeling a traditional cigarette gives to a smoker's throat when inhaling) but hinders the flavor or the eLiquid. If you use an eJuice with a low nicotine level then the eLiquid blend will offer more flavor but it will reduce your throat hit. In the early days of vaping, choosing your nicotine level was pretty simple as almost all units operated at 3.7 to 4.2 volts (pretty low settings) and almost all electronic cigarette coil heads (used to be called atomizers) were preset to 1.2 to 2.5 ohms. You simply selected a nicotine level of your preference and would reduce the level over time (if you wanted to decrease your nicotine level). Today it's very important to compare your nicotine level to your coil head setting. High levels of electronic cigarette nicotine liquid can be too harsh to inhale if used with a low resistance coil heads (0.25). You need to adjust your nicotine mg level based on the coil head setting you are currently using. Some signs that you are using too much nicotine for the resistance of your coil are a feeling of being light headed and even dizziness. The reason for this is that a low resistance coil head runs much hotter and converts the nicotine liquid much quicker resulting in more vapor and a higher concentration of nicotine within the vapor, in turn, you absorb more nicotine as your lungs are exposed to more vapor. High resistance coil heads (1.5) might not deliver the desired throat sensation compared to your old habit of tobacco cigarettes as they do not run nearly as hot as a low resistance coil head. A high resistance setting will result in less vapor and less nicotine absorption. In this case you would increase your nicotine level to deliver the desired throat sensation. The higher the coil head setting (1.5) the higher the nicotine level that can be consumed (if needed) and the lower the coil head setting (0.25) than the lower the nicotine level. Every electronic cigarette user has different preferences and it's common to vary your nicotine levels. For an example, you may use 12mg or even 24mg with a high resistance coil head (1.5), but if you switch your coil head to a low resistance setting (0.25) then that same eCig user should reduce the nicotine mg level to 3mg or 6mg. There are some eCigarette users who enjoy high levels of nicotine even with powerful low resistance (0.25) coil heads. We recommend starting at a low level of nicotine and if desired raising the nicotine levels slowly at no more than 3mg intervals. The description above might leave you scratching your head as to the correct nicotine level to choose in your electronic cigarette refill liquid. You don’t want to waste money on eLiquid that you cannot use, on Eliquid that may be to light or too strong of a nicotine level. The solution is pretty simple, you can mix your eLiquid as needed. For Example if you have a bottle of 12mg nicotine level Ejuice and a bottle of 0mg nicotine Ejuice you can mix them together (equal parts) giving you 6 mg of nicotine. Please be cautious not to get eLiquid on your skin, prolonged exposure will result in nicotine absorption through the skin. If you spill electronic cigarette refill liquid (juice) on your skin please wash the area with soap and water as soon as possible to ensure your safety. Fifth Key (Airflow Control) 5. “Airflow control” makes a big difference when selecting your electronic cigarette vapor model which is why we included it in the five keys to vaping. Airflow control is pretty straight forward ,the top end of an electronic cigarette which can be called any of the following vaping terms, clearomizer, clearo, tank, RDA, RTA, etc. has an airflow option. These options are manually changed by the user and allows for you to modify the ease of inhale while vaping. This is an important option especially for those new electronic cigarette users who are smokers. Traditional tobacco cigarettes have a hard pull when inhaling and many new eCigarette users want to mimic that sensation with an eCig. As time goes on you may want to adjust the pull to more or less, based on your preference. You can conveniently adjust the pull by simply altering the airflow control. Changing your airflow is quick and easy, we recommend inhaling vapor from your eCigarette while altering the airflow as many models allow for this. By changing the airflow while inhaling vapor you get an exact airflow setting for your personal vaping habit. Airflow control is also very important with regard to SubOhm eCig models. If you choose to use a low resistance coil head (0.25, 0.5, 0.6 etc.) you will find that the vapor may be very warm and possibly uncomfortable to vape. With the airflow control option you can open the airflow control allowing for more airflow which will cool the vapor resulting in an optimum setting conducive to each individual. It's small options like these that might be overlooked but these options hold the best keys to true customization and vapor control. Always Prime Your Coil Head Friendly reminder! Always prime a new vape tank, clearomizer or coil head, If you don’t you can and will damage the new coil head. Priming is easy and important as it allows for the wicking (often made of organic cotton) to properly absorb the eLiquid before being fired. To prime the coil head simply fill the clearomizer and/or tank with eJuice, take the new coil head and place a few drops into the opening of the coil head, then screw the eCigarette coil head onto the tank and/or clearomizer and screw the tank and/or clearomizer together. Inhale three or more times before attaching the vape tank and/or clearomizer to the eCig battery. This allows for the absorption process of the wicking material inside the coil head to start. The final step is to leave the clearomizer and/or tank in an upright position with the mouthpiece facing up for a minimum of five minutes before firing the new coil head. Never let your clearomizer and/or vapor tank go low or empty. A coil head can be damaged with just one good inhale if the clearomizer and/or tank is low or empty. A damaged coil head is caused by the coils wicking being burnt and will result in a burnt harsh taste and/or leaking and no vapor output at all. Think of your coil head as the engine, with no oil the engine will stop working quickly, this is also true with a coil head. Always use the intended electronic cigarette charger for the specific eCigarette battery or battery type. Always connect eCigarette chargers in protected outlets (GFCI Outlets) to assure a safe charging environment. Most residential homes have these outlets (they have a "Test" and "Reset" button on the face of the outlet) as they protect the outlet from potentially hazardous situations. Do not leave e-cigarette batteries unattended while charging. If a user decides to charge lithium ion batteries without a protection circuit it is potentially hazardous and is not recommended. It is important to charge lithium Ion batteries on a fireproof surface in case of accidental fire. ZeeCigs is not responsible for any damage caused by users misuse or mishandling of Li-Ion batteries and chargers. Use caution when using or working with Lithium Ion / Li-ion cells as they are sensitive to charging characteristics and if misused or mishandled may explode or burn the user. Make sure the user has the proper knowledge of Lithium Ion / Li-Ion rechargeable batteries and how to properly charge and/or discharge before initial use. ZeeCigs.com is not responsible for damage caused by user modification of the batteries/chargers or hardware intended for electronic cigarettes. ZeeCigs.com will not be held responsible or liable for any injury, damage, or defect, permanent or temporary that may be caused by the improper use of a Lithium Ion / Li-Ion battery. Please take the time to have a basic understanding of the battery type you are using and how to care for them properly. Please read all instructions before charging your vapor system. We welcome you to contact us via email regarding any questions you may have about a specific eCigs battery, vape unit, mod or eCigarettes device. Dimensions: 4-1/8" x 1-7/8" x 1" e-Liquid Capacity: 3.5ml Wattage Output: 1.0 - 75.00w Variable Temperature Control : Nickel / Titanium / Stainless Steel 316/ Temperature Control Range: 100 - 315C / 200 - 600F Bypass (Direct Output Voltage) Mode Resistance Range: 0.05-1.5ohm Variable Temperature Control Mode Resistance Range: 0.1-3.5ohm Variable Wattage and Bypass Mode Utilizes the Joye Cubis Atomizer Heads such as the Joye NotchCoil SS316 0.25ohm Detachable Magnetic Battery Cover Removable Glass 510 Threaded Tanks may be used with the included Atomizer Adapter Top Fill Design Top Airflow Large 0.96" OLED Screen Real Time Clock Display Micro USB Charging Port New 4.02v Firmware Upgradeable Firmware Over-charging, over-current and over discharging protection Reverse Polarity protection
Sweets & Savouries Availability: In stock Madatha Kaja - 1kg. - convey your sweet wishes to your dear one by gifting this sweet Kaja on celebrative occasion. Ghee Laddu Sweet Weight: 1 Kg Famous North Indian Sweet offers different taste. Weight : 1 Kg. In Hyderabad / Secunderabad - Abhiruchi Swagruha Sweets will be delivered. Collection of All the varieties of sweets. Select your sweet according to your mood & come our of routine. Weight : 1 Kg. Som Papidi Sweet Weight: 1 Kg Nethi Mysore Pak Sweet Weight: 1 Kg Laddus are just irresistable, drawing every one towards themselves. Relish Your taste buds with these delicious Laddus. Weight : 1 Kg.
Star Diamond Ring Created with the vision to offer every woman her Daily dose of Sparkle that she deserves. A combination of symbols and motifs crafted in 18k gold and a selection of fine diamonds and other precious stones make this collection the perfect fir for your daily jewelry. - 18K Gold - Gold Weight: 1.62gr - Diamond Weight: 0.055ct - Item Code: R5530-R - Star's Height: 7.34mm/ 0.28inch - Star's Width: 7.07mm/ 0.27inch
Please use this identifier to cite or link to this item: Aloha as fearlessness : lessons from the mo'olelo of eight native Hawaiian female educational leaders on transforming the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa into a Hawaiian place of learning |Lipe Kaiwipuni r.pdf||Version for non-UH users. Copying/Printing is not permitted||33.12 MB||Adobe PDF||View/Open| |Lipe Kaiwipuni uh.pdf||Version for UH users||33.27 MB||Adobe PDF||View/Open| |Title:||Aloha as fearlessness : lessons from the mo'olelo of eight native Hawaiian female educational leaders on transforming the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa into a Hawaiian place of learning| |Authors:||Lipe, Kaiwipuni K. N. P. M. D.| |Date Issued:||Aug 2014| |Publisher:||[Honolulu] : [University of Hawaii at Manoa], [August 2014]| |Abstract:||Part of the strategic goal number one of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa (UHM) is to "promote a Hawaiian place of learning." However, UHM is a predominantly non-Hawaiian university by every definition, thus the culture and environment of the institution make it difficult to implement the strategic goal. Further, current Western frameworks and theories on institutional transformation typically do not acknowledge the existence and experiences of Indigenous Peoples and Native Hawaiians in particular.| Therefore, the purpose of this study was to explore how Native Hawaiian remembrance, knowledge, experiences, practices, and value systems provide insight into how to transform UHM into a Hawaiian place of learning. I began this dissertation by posing the question: How can the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, a predominantly non-Hawaiian university, transform into a Hawaiian place of learning? Two additional sub-questions included: What are the relationships between Native Hawaiian values and Western higher education values that support and/or inhibit the transformation of UHM into a Hawaiian place of learning? How might UHM utilize these lessons learned to build its capacity to transform into a Hawaiian place of learning? In order to explore these questions, I learned from the individual and collective mo'olelo--as interconnected stories and life experiences--of eight Native Hawaiian female educators who have been pioneers over the last 30 years in transforming spaces into Hawaiian places of learning. In addition, I learned from artifacts and archival documents related to UHM that helped to tell the institution's story. My findings are presented in two emerging frameworks, namely the 'A'ali'i Kū Makani and Hō'ālani frameworks. The 'A'ali'i Kū Makani framework directs our attention to the cyclical nature of transformative processes as well as to the varied conditions in which these processes occur within the Indigenous and Native Hawaiian contexts. The Hō'ālani framework provides a holistic model for individuals to become grounded and engaged in core Hawaiian values, concepts, and processes by which they can become empowered and fearless to fulfill their kuleana--as responsibilities and privileges--to Hawaiʻi and her people. The frameworks, then, become guides for institutional practices, leadership, and policy. |Description:||Ph.D. University of Hawaii at Manoa 2014.| Includes bibliographical references. |Rights:||All UHM dissertations and theses are protected by copyright. They may be viewed from this source for any purpose, but reproduction or distribution in any format is prohibited without written permission from the copyright owner.| |Appears in Collections:|| Ph.D. - Education| Please email firstname.lastname@example.org if you need this content in ADA-compliant format. Items in ScholarSpace are protected by copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated.
Down The Rabbit Hole w/ Popeye (01-07-2013) Alex Jones vs. Piers Morgan, Rape, Society, Guns & Way More (FEDERALJACK) On this edition of DTRH Popeye starts off the episode by covering the elephant in the room that is the Alex Jones vs. Piers Morgan “debate”. Moving on he gets into: Rape, the Brady Campaign and self defense; Society’s morals are so low that the young males of today laugh as one of their female peers is raped in the next room; The new free download section on FederalJack.com Popeye is working on; The ongoing war in Syria; American citizens are being told they don’t need semi-automatic rifles for protection by the same government handing fully-automatic weapons over to al Qaeda in Syria to fight and topple the democratically elected government there; William Cooper and more. Popeye’s Archive Page: http://www.federaljack.com/?page_id=98027 Listen Live Page: http://www.federaljack.com/?page_id=11598
Surfaces to be coated must be clean and dry. Remove all loose, peeling paint, dirt, grease, and any other surface contaminants. Putty all nail holes and caulk all cracks and open seams. Sand all glossy, rough and patched surfaces. Plaster, concrete and masonry surfaces must be completely dry, free of efflorescence and allowed to cure for 30 days prior to painting. When applied to an uncoated substrate or to bare wood, two coats are required with the first coat acting as the primer. Uncoated substrates, repaired surfaces or lightly stained areas may require additional coats. For severe stains, water marks, and other challenging conditions such as bare metal or chalky surfaces use as an appropriate specialty primer. WARNING! If you scrape, sand, or remove old paint, you may release lead dust or fumes. LEAD IS TOXIC. EXPOSURE TO LEAD DUST OR FUMES CAN CAUSE SERIOUS ILLNESS, SUCH AS BRAIN DAMAGE, ESPECIALLY IN CHILDREN. PREGNANT WOMEN SHOULD ALSO AVOID EXPOSURE. Wear a properly fitted NOISH-approved respirator and prevent skin contact to control lead exposure. Clean up carefully with a HEPA vacuum and a wet mop. Before you start, find out how to protect yourself and your family by contacting the USEPA National Lead Information Hotline at 1-800-424-LEAD or log on to www.epa.gov/lead. Follow these instructions to control exposure to other hazardous substances that may be released during surface preparation. Stir thoroughly. Apply with a high quality brush, roller, paint pad, or by spray equipment. When using more than one container of the same color, intermix to ensure color uniformity. Do not thin. Apply only when air, product, and surface temperatures are between 50°F (10°C) and 90°F (32°C). Dry time at 77°F and 50% relative humidity. To Touch: 1 hour To Recoat: 4 hours To Full Cure: 30 days Drying times listed may vary depending on temperature, humidity, color, film build, and air movement. Wait at least 30 days after painting before cleaning the surface with a non-abrasive, mild cleanser. Very deep colors may require longer to fully cure. Up to 400 sq. ft. (37.2 sq. meters) per U.S. gallon (3.78 Liters) on primed, smooth, nonporous surfaces. Coverage figures do not include material loss due to application. Some colors, drastic color changes, or porous surfaces may require more than one coat to achieve a uniform finish. Cleanup tools with warm, soapy water. Painted drywall, plaster, masonry, wood and metal Please refer to the Product Label, Technical Data Sheet (TDS) or Safety Data Sheet (SDS) for safety and detailed application instructions.
“So, what happened?” I greet Paris eagerly when I get home from work the next day. The reporters have given up on us, so I don’t have to dodge them any more. A pity, really. I had come up with some pretty creative ways to evade them, and I rather enjoyed myself doing so. “Did Inspector Robinson royally ream Max out for withholding information?” I guiltily admit to myself that I am looking forward to hearing the gory details about the dressing down of Max. “She was pretty pissed,” Paris admits. “She got that look in her eye, you know the one that says, ‘I’m disgusted with you.’ I think she cultivated it on purpose to make people talk.” I know the look he is referring to, and it certainly works on me. “Her voice got really low.” Here, he imitates Inspector Robinson. “Ms. Bowers. This is a murder investigation. That means we investigate. In order to do so, we need information. I should think you of all people would want us to be successful.” He reverts to his normal voice. “If she looked at me the way she looked at Max, I would have spilled the beans for sure.” “Did you get to sit in on the interrogation?” I doubt the inspector would allow that, but I can always hope. “No. After Max blurted out the thing about someone coming out of Moira’s room, the inspector took her away. I had to wait nearly an hour for her. I took Max to a diner after so we could talk about it.” They both ordered coffee as it was between mealtimes. The whole time Paris was talking to Max, he had the feeling that something else was going on. There was a subtext that he wasn’t getting, but he didn’t like it whatever it was. Max would say something, then pause and look at Paris significantly, but he didn’t know why. It pisses me off that Max is playing such games with Paris because I hate seeing him upset. After an inordinate amount of lead-in time, Max finally got to the meat of the interrogation. She told the inspector everything she had told Paris, and Inspector Robinson got excited and rushed away, most likely to have another chat with Ms. Fullerton. As Paris is talking, he’s walks into the kitchen to make himself a hero sandwich. I must look woebegone enough because he offers to make one for me as well. I accept with alacrity. In college, Paris was famous for his hoagie sandwiches. I watch, mouth watering, as Paris slathers zesty honey mustard onto a hoagie bun. He starts piling fixings and trimmings as if there is no end to his hunger. He tells me that the inspector let slip that Moira was gagged after she was killed. Paris doesn’t know the significance of this, but I make a guess. I think it means that she was a willing participant in the bondage game because she would have been screaming her head off if someone had tied her up against her will. By this time, Paris is done building up the hoagie. He cuts it in two, plates it and hands it to me. I happily start munching as he prepares another one. As Paris makes a sandwich for himself, he points out that if Moira was drugged, she wouldn’t have made noise. I protest that drugging her didn’t make as much sense as her playing games with someone she trusted, someone who quickly shot, then gagged her. “Why would someone gag her after?” Paris protests, cutting his own sandwich in half. He pours us each a coke. We set our sandwiches on plates and take our food to the living room which is where we do most of our eating. I don’t know why we even bother having a table in the kitchen as we rarely eat there. We are silent for a few minutes as we make serious dents in our food. After we have adequately slaked our appetites, we start tossing out possibilities. I suggest that maybe a lover wanted to make it seem as if it were a nonconsensual scene, but that contradicts my earlier surmising that Moira wouldn’t stand to let a stranger tie her up. I chase it around in my brain for a few minutes and can tell that Paris is doing the same. After thinking about it, Paris offers that perhaps it’s a trick, a red herring. Maybe the killer wants the cops to think it’s supposed to be a lover making it look like an outsider when really, there is no reason for the gag. I call him Machiavellian, but not without admiration. It never ceases to amaze me how someone who looks as innocent as does Paris can think of such devious things. I concede his point which causes his jaw to drop. Fortunately, he isn’t eating. I stick my tongue out at him for pointing out how much I hate to admit I’m not one-hundred percent right. We hash out the gag information, but come up with nothing. “There is one other thing Max told me,” Paris says slowly. He looks as if he doesn’t want to spill it, but I know he will. Paris can’t keep anything to himself without exploding. “The inspector found half a dozen cigarettes shoved up Moira’s vagina, the lighted ends inside. Some kind of Camel. They were just a pile of ashes in there. This was done after she was dead.” Paris’s mouth is puckered up as if he’s eaten a lemon. I set down my sandwich, no longer hungry. Even though Moira hadn’t had to suffer the physical pain of such a heinous action, there’s the indignity of it. The hatred that her killer must have felt for her to do such a cruel thing. I push my sandwich away, saddened by my connection to mankind. “Was she raped?” I whisper, not really wanting to know the answer. “They found her secretions on her genitalia, but no semen,” Paris reports. I exhale loudly. I don’t know why I am so comforted that Moira had been spared that horror when she ended up losing her life, but I am. I ask how Max seemed while telling Paris the information, no longer wanting to be Sharon McCone, but pressing on, anyway. Max didn’t show much emotion according to Paris, but he generously ascribes her numbness to information overload. She told Paris that the inspector had been watching her carefully during the entire interview, but we both know Max has a need to dramatize situations to make herself seem more important. I still don’t trust Max’s motive for dragging Paris further into this thing, but I know better than to voice my concerns. Neither of us eat any more of our sandwiches, our appetites thoroughly dampened from talking over the gristly details of the case. I don’t know how homicide dicks can do it—how they can have any semblance of a normal life when they have to see the worst of what humanity has to offer. I know that gallows humor helps, but it can’t completely keep the nightmares at bay. I guess that’s where alcohol and drugs come in—anything to anesthetize the pain. “Shit, I gotta roll.” Paris glances at the clock hanging on the wall across from the couch. “I have to be at work in half an hour.” I wave at him distractedly as I take our plates to the kitchen. As I run soapy water over them, I let my mind drift. Bits and pieces of information flutter in and out of my mind, but I come up with no new ideas. I remember how furtive Vashti had looked when being questioned about the murder and decide to call her. She picks up on the second ring. “Hello?” The cadence of her voice always puts me in a sexy mood. She could be reading from the phone directory, and it would get me wet. I push those risqué thoughts to the back of my mind as I am calling her for business purposes. “Vashti? It’s Rayne. I was wondering if you had time to talk about Max and Moira?” I cross my fingers, hoping I’ve caught her at a good time. She agrees to talk after she puts something away in the refrigerator; I am delirious with wanting. Every time she speaks, I have to fight the desire to fall into her words and never come out. Sometimes it’s difficult for me to concentrate on what she’s saying because of her voice. I imagine her as a phone-sex operator; she’d be fantastic at it. When she resumes talking, she reiterates that she doesn’t have more to say. Her tone is still pleasant, but firm. I can’t believe she doesn’t know more than she’s telling and try to think of a way to make her talk. I tell her it’s her duty, and she says it’s up to the police. I ask if she doesn’t feel an obligation towards Max, and she says no. Just as I’m running out of ideas, she finally agrees to come over so we can talk in person. As soon as we hang up, I race to the bathroom to take a quick shower. By the time she arrives, I am in clean jeans and a tight, low-cut cerise blouse. I usher her into the living room and soon, we’re sitting on the couch sipping herbal tea. I look at her in pleasure, noting how her luxuriant hair is wound atop her head, how her right nostril is delicately pierced, how her generous breasts strain against her blouse. I patiently wait for her to speak as she struggles with whether to tell me what she knows. I want to push her, but I know that it would only make her clam up. She finally tells me that it’s Dylan’s story, then wrestles with her conscience once more about whether to spill the beans. She asks me if I’ve met the beautiful Moira, knowing full-well I have, and there is a hunger in her voice which I have never heard before. So. Even the unflappable Vashti had been swayed by Moira. I tuck that away to mull on later as I tell her that I met Moira at the party the night she was killed and thought she looked familiar. I still can’t place where I had met Moira before, and it’s starting to bother me. Vashti begins to speak. Moira loved a party and was in her element when she had her adoring fans around her. Vashti’s voice takes on a sing-song quality as she relates her story. Moira went to sex clubs, but they soon began to bore her. Most of them had an S&M flavor to them which did not appeal to Moira at all. At least, that’s what she told Vashti which is why Vashti refuses to believe that Moira allowed herself to be tied up voluntarily. I remain silent, unsure if I should tell her the latest news. After all, Inspector Robinson told Max who told Paris who told me, so it’s not as if the police are keeping it a secret. I decide to sit on it for the moment, however, and focus on Vashti’s story. She tells me how when Dylan first moved to San Francisco, she made the cardinal sin of visiting the Lexington, a famous dyke bar in the Mission District. The only redeeming quality about that hick place is the really hot bartender. Dylan quickly grew bored, even though it was Halloween night. She hadn’t dressed for the event, and the only eye-catching costumes were worn by a couple. One was a dominatrix, and she was holding a leash attached to the collar of the other, her slave. The slave girl was wearing a t-shirt with a hole exposing her right breast. It was the first time Dylan had seen a girl’s naked breast before not in a gym situation, and she wasn’t able to take her eyes off the slave girl whose hands were cuffed in front of her. Other girls kept going over to the couple and patting the slave on the head or caressing her bare breast. Dylan decided to follow suit, so she went over and patted the girl on the head. Vashti continues… “Hey, Sugar. I’ve never seen you here before.” The dominatrix cracked her whip on the slave girl’s ass while slanting her eyes to Dylan. Once Dylan was able to tear her eyes off the slave girl’s perfect breast, she noticed that the dominatrix was breathtaking. She was wearing a black leather corset which allowed her breasts to swell over the cups. She had on fish-net stockings and thigh-high black vinyl boots with three-inch platform heels. She’s wearing a black captain’s hat at a rakish angle over fluffy blond curls. Over the whole ensemble she had thrown a thick, fake-fur cape. She was sporting a whip in one hand and the leash in the other. “I just moved to town from Minnesota,” Dylan stuttered, unable to believe that she was talking to an actual dominatrix. “The Midwest, huh?” The dominatrix ran her tongue over her blood-red lips as she gazed thoughtfully at Dylan. Suddenly, she yanked on the chain, nearly toppling the slave girl who looked absolutely adorable with her butch haircut, ripped white t-shirt and blue jeans. She was wearing clunky black boots. It upset Dylan’s notions of butch and femme to see the power exchange of this couple. “Pet, say hello to our Midwest girl.” Immediately, the slave girl dropped to her knee and pressed her lips to Dylan’s sneaker. When Dylan didn’t move, the slave girl started kissing her way up Dylan’s calf over her jeans. “Would you like the use of my pet for the night?” The dominatrix hadn’t taken her eyes off Dylan the entire time. Dylan could only nod dumbly as the dom transferred the leash to Dylan… “Moira dressed up as a dom for Halloween?” I am incredulous given what Vashti told me earlier about Moira’s reluctance to be bound. “She liked being in control.” Vashti correctly interprets my look. “She is the one doing the tying, not the one being tied down. I am not believing that she willingly allowed someone to tie her to her bed.” “Halloween! Last year!” I snap my fingers. Vashti’s story has triggered a memory of my own. “That’s where I know her from.” I stop, blushing as the full memory flowers in my mind. Vashti looks at me with interest as my cheeks flush red. I don’t blush easily but when I do, I am helpless to stop it. “It is your turn to tell a story,” Vashti says softly with a touch of malice. I shoot her a nasty look, but she ignores it. “It’s nothing much,” I say haltingly. In fact, it’s a memory that I’d rather forget. “Really.” I smile my best smile, but Vashti is not buying it. She glares at me until I relent… Paris and I went to a costume party in Noe Valley. I hadn’t wanted to go, but got tricked into it by Paris who first stated that he wanted to go to the Castro for Halloween, which I flat-out refused to do. He knew how much I detested big, flaming events like Halloween in the Castro and only mentioned it to soften me up for the party in Noe Valley, which was where he really wanted to be. Like an idiot, I fell for it. Even though I know the way Paris’s mind works, I fall for his manipulations every time. Even the protest that I didn’t have a costume didn’t deter him as he had already picked one out for me as well as for himself. In fact, he had foreseen every obstacle before bringing up the Castro, thereby insuring the party as a fait accompli before he even opened his mouth. When I discovered what he was up to, I slapped him a good one upside the head and extracted the promise of breakfast in bed every weekend for a month in exchange. I still felt as if he hoodwinked me, but I wasn’t as bitter about it after he promised me the breakfasts. That is, until I saw the costume he had picked out for me. He could have picked Xena or Buffy or someone like that, but whom did my boy pick? Let me give you a hint. Think red satin halter top, wide gold satin belt, blue satin panties with white stars on it, and a gold lasso. Think golden tiara with a red star right in the middle as well as two gold bracelets. Yes, my boy chose fucking Wonder Woman with an outfit that would make a hooker blush. We had a fierce argument about that because I most emphatically did not want to be the Amazon princes with her cups running over, even if I did have the knee-high red boots to match the costume. Furthermore, I gave Paris the fish-eye for even thinking of me in such a way, but he protested that it was either Wonder Woman or Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz, and her damn dog, Toto, too. In the middle of our huge scene, he implored me just to try it, so I reluctantly did. Unfortunately, it fit perfectly as long as I sucked in my stomach and didn’t move too quickly. I didn’t like the way my body curved in the outfit, but at least I had enough chest to fill the top. The discreet yin-yang tattoo I have over my right breast peeked out from beneath the red satin. Fortunately, the ankh on my ass was fully covered—at least as far as I could tell. My belly button ring was covered, but poked out slightly from behind the tight material. The costume molded to my body as if it were made for me. My breasts bulged out as they were supposed to. After I was done donning the costume and the accoutrements, I looked startlingly like Wonder Woman except my hair was shorter and I was Asian. I fiddled with my hair to see if I can make it a little fluffier, but it stayed where it was. The price I paid for thick, glossy hair. Paris loved the outfit. In fact, he loved it so much, we almost didn’t make it out of the apartment. He was in between partners at the time and hadn’t had sex for two weeks. For him, that’s a long time, and I did look pretty damn hot, if I did say so myself. I went into my bedroom to get my boots—knee-high, red, vinyl boots—and pulled them on. While I was in the bedroom, I slapped on some makeup, then went out to the living room to wait for Paris. When he came out of his room, I nearly busted a gut laughing because he was going as Flash Gordon. Now, Flash Gordon was a great character, but Paris didn’t remind me of him in the least. If I remembered correctly, Flash had a thing for Wonder Woman. Maybe there was significance to the outfits, after all. We drove to the party. I was conscious of every extra ounce of fat around my waist as my outfit clung to my body. My tits were jiggling and my ass was bouncing as we were ushered into the party. The guy at the door couldn’t take his eyes off me. Since he was wearing a ninja outfit that covered his face, I couldn’t tell if he was cute or not…
presented by Integral View The Arica School® was founded in 1968 by Oscar Ichazo as a School of Wisdom and Knowledge. The Arica School has been offering Arica® programs and trainings worldwide since 1971. Integral View: “… a view that has the clarity and consequence of true understanding …” — Oscar Ichazo The Integral Protoanalysis of The Scarab Trainings™ The Integral Protoanalysis of The Scarab Trainings offer the Teachings of Oscar Ichazo that are scientifically based and that have been taught and applied in the Arica School® for more than 50 years. This particular training series has methods of Transcendence and Enlightenment that provide the most advanced Teachings and meditations for awakening a new perspective. After this series of trainings, you will have a new way of viewing life and your process with these proven methods of Transcendence. Psychocalisthenics is a sequence of 23 movement and breathing exercises that activate the flow of vital energy through all muscle groups, organs, glands and tissues. Arica Training Sponsor Integral View is an Arica Training Sponsor presenting Arica trainings, hosting group practices and introductions. Please use our contact form to request a program or join our email list for the most current schedule. For further information about the Arica School, go to www.arica.org. Here can be found an Overview, the Arica System, Training Info, the Store, and information about Oscar Ichazo.
YourVolume is here to help provide you with tools to help your music discovery and music organization. At the time of writing this, YourVolume focuses on Spotify, providing you with a weekly curated playlist based on your listening habits. Album Discovery: Call it being a product of the late 80s, but I can’t help but feel that MP3s killed the album. This sentiment brings me back to browsing an FYE store and leaving with 2-4 records to bring home, and binge-listen. And then repeat the following week. Album Discovery brings the ‘full album listening habit’ back to your ears. Using the Spotify API, you will get a new playlist containing 4-7 albums you’d likely have never listened to but would thoroughly enjoy. These albums are intended not to be top chart albums, so you’re bound to find some great new songs. The plan is to build out more features and tools to YourVolume.
I found a great sweepstakes today where we can enter to win a $1500 Alienware M15 laptop. Gaming laptops are always on my sweepstakes bucket list, I don’t know about you. They can multitask in ways that I wish that ***I*** could in reality. If you would like to enter to win an Alienware M15 laptop, you can click here. You can also click the image below- Please tell me, do you use a laptop or a desktop for your main computer? Some of you may just use your phone, which I totally understand. I use a laptop, ALL the time. Have you entered the $50,000 in cash giveaway yet? There are 4 winners! Do you know how I fill out my sweepstakes forms so easily? I use Roboform. I’ve used it for so many years, I can’t even tell you when I started. It’s very simple to use. Once you put your information in, you just push your name and your forms are filled out. Simple as pie and I’ve NEVER had a problem with a data breach with Roboform. I fully trust them.
On Saturday morning, with absolutely no advance fanfare, or even explanation, Louis C.K. released Horace and Pete, a 67-minute filmed play with a cast that included himself, Steve Buscemi, Alan Alda, Edie Falco, and Jessica Lange. It was an achievement as impressive for the surprise of it, and the lack of detail, as for the quality of the performances by Alda and everyone else. C.K. didn’t even offer a clue about when, or if, there might be more installments. That changed today, when he sent out a message to fans on the LouisCK.net mailing list, which finally offered a bit of insight about the design behind the series and plans for its future. About the surprise release, for instance, he explained, “As a TV watcher I”m always delighted when I can see a thing without knowing anything about it because of the promotion. So making this show and just posting it out of the blue gave me the rare opportunity to give you that experience of discovery.” He also noted that the filming style allows the episodes to be produced very close to when they’re released (the next one, which he’s shooting now, will be available on Saturday), but spent most of his time responding to the same question I saw a lot of in the comments: why did this cost $5, when most TV episodes cost much less to download? Here’s the bulk of his explanation: Okay so let”s talk for a minute about the five dollars of it all. If you”re on this email list then you”re probably aware that I always make an effort to make the work I do on my own as cheap as possible and as painless as possible to get. That”s why my specials are five dollars and that”s why I sold tickets to my last big tour here on the site, with our own ticketing service at a flat price with no ticket charges and we have worked hard to keep my tickets out of the hands of scalpers. So why the dirty fuckballs did I charge you five dollars for Horace and Pete, where most TV shows you buy online are 3 dollars or less? Well, the dirty unmovable fact is that this show is fucking expensive. The standup specials are much more containable. It”s one guy on a stage in a theater and in most cases, the cost of the tickets that the live audience paid, was enough to finance the filming. But Horace and Pete is a full on TV production with four broadcast cameras, two beautiful sets and a state of the art control room and a very talented and skilled crew and a hall-of-fame cast. Every second the cameras are rolling, money is shooting out of my asshole like your mother”s worst diarrhea. (Yes there are less upsetting metaphors I could be using but I just think that one is the sharpest and most concise). Basically this is a hand-made, one guy paid for it version of a thing that is usually made by a giant corporation. Now, I”m not complaining about this at all. I”m just telling you the facts. I charged five dollars because I need to recoup some of the cost in order for us to stay in production. Also, it”s interesting. The value of any set amount of money is mercurial (I”m showing off because i just learned that word. It means it changes and shifts a lot). Some people say “Five dollars is a cup of coffee”. Some people say “Hey! Five dollars?? What the fuck!” Some people say “What are you guys talking about?” Some people say “Nothing. don”t enter a conversation in the middle”. Anyway, I”m leaving the first episode at 5 dollars. I’m lowering the next episode to 2 dollars and the rest will be 3 dollars after that. I hope you feel that”s fair. If you don”t, please tell everyone in the world. And that’s that. We know that a new episode is coming on Saturday, and more down the road, but we don’t know how much. C.K. promised to tell us more eventually, “But for now I want to shut up and not ruin the experience of you just watching the show.”
Women's Leather Watches Refine Your Results By: There are few styles of watches that look as elegant and stylish as leather band watches. Our women's leather watches are no exception and can elevate the look of any outfit. Whether you are eyeing Nixon’s brown leather watches or want the elegance of a black leather watch, we have you covered. But if you love the look and feel of leather and want something unique, we also have fun options like women's gray leather watches and even blue leather watches. While you can't go wrong with a classy leather band for your new favorite timepiece, Nixon has many other women's watches for you to choose from as well. From stainless steel watches to the more rugged and modern digital watches, there’s something to fit everyone's taste. No matter which style option works for you, though, you can rest assured that each product will feature the Nixon quality and style you love. So whether you need a new favorite watch or are picking out a gift for someone special, Nixon is the perfect choice.
Please, PAY ATTENTION! We do not own, produce or host the images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. eventeo.net has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to.We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. In case you are the owner of any images placed here and you want them to be deleted you can use the ways described below: You can change your website’s configuration in order to restrict any other websites use your images. For example you can use mod_rewrite addition to the webserver. You can email this way: Describe briefly who you are (owner, creator or copyrights owner) What action you want us to do: delete image, add the link to the right source, other Show the direct URL of the image and the URL of the image placed on our website (write click on the image and copy image URL)
Courgette and Potato Cakes with Mint and Feta Cheese These quite brilliant little courgette cakes used to have to be fried. However, we then tried baking them in the oven, which worked a treat, making them particularly ideal to serve as part of a buffet party. To serve 12, just double the quantities. This recipe is from Delia's Vegetarian Collection. Serves 6 First you need to grate the courgettes coarsely – a food processor is good for this – and put them into a colander. Then sprinkle them with 2 level teaspoons of salt to draw out some of their excess moisture and leave them to drain for about an hour, with a plate or bowl underneath to catch the juices. Meanwhile, scrub the potatoes and place them in a very large saucepan, with a little salt. Pour just enough boiling water over them to cover them, then simmer gently with a lid on for 8 minutes to parboil them. After that, drain them and leave them aside until they’re cool enough to handle. Then peel them and, using the coarse side of a grater, grate them into a large bowl and season with more salt and some freshly milled black pepper. When the hour is up, rinse the courgettes under cold, running water, squeeze out as much moisture as possible with your hands, then spread them out on a clean tea cloth and roll it up to wring out every last drop – this is very important, so the cakes are not wet. Now, add the courgettes to the grated potatoes, along with the spring onions, mint, feta and beaten eggs and, using two forks, lightly toss it all together. Next, divide the mixture into 8 and shape into rounds about ½ inch (1 cm) thick, pressing them firmly together to form little cakes. They don’t have to be very neat – it’s nice to have a few jagged edges. Then lightly dust the cakes with the flour. To cook them, first pre-heat the oven to gas mark 7, 425°F (220°C) and also pre-heat the baking trays. Meanwhile, melt the butter and oil in a small saucepan, then brush the cakes on both sides with it. When the oven is up to heat, place the cakes on the trays, returning one to the top shelf and the other to the middle shelf for 15 minutes. After that, carefully turn the cakes over, using a palette knife and a fork, swap the positions of the trays in the oven and cook them for a further 10-15 minutes.
I have a friend who is foreign born and her English is good but she needs to improve her reading and writing skills. It is jeopardizing her job situation because she can't read/write emails very well. I want to suggest some books for her to read that will help her improve her skills. However, she is very religious, and would only be interested in reading Bible-related books. She reads from the King James Bible every day for ~30 mins, but it is in old english, and I am not sure that she understands what she is reading. But she reads it religiously. Is there a more modern Bible-related book that I can suggest for her? Something that would help her understand modern grammar and sentence structure would be best, especially for improving her written communication in daily life. Any help would be great!
Michel Bourez in a picture perfect tube on Teahupo'o. The photographer would have taken a heavy wipe-out. Picture: Leroy Bellet eXtra Wildest sports photos of the decade 1st Jan 2020 10:50 AM 0 1 THE sporting arena always provides some of the best imagery in the world of photography - and last decade was no exception. Both here in Australia and across the globe, the world's best snappers captured some brilliant shots. Sam Burgess was a picture of courage after the 2014 NRL Grand Final between the South Sydney Rabbitohs and the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs. Picture: Gregg Porteous Kawhi Leonard hits the game winning shot against the Philadelphia 76ers during Game Seven of the 2019 Eastern Conference Semifinals. (Photo by Mark Blinch/NBAE via Getty Images) Serena Williams argues with umpire Carlos Ramos during her women's singles finals match against Naomi Osaka at the 2018 US Open. (Photo by Michael Owens/Getty Images) Lionel Messi celebrates scoring a goal as Cristiano Ronaldo looks dejected during the La Liga match between Real Madrid CF and FC Barcelona at the Bernabeu in 2014. (Photo by Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno/Getty Images) Odell Beckham scores a touchdown against Brandon Carr of the Dallas Cowboys at MetLife Stadium on November 23, 2014 in East Rutherford, New Jersey. (Photo by Al Bello/Getty Images) Uruguay's Luis Suarez holds his teeth after biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini's shoulder. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan, File) Tayla Harris kicks the ball during the 2019 AFLW Round 7 match between the Western Bulldogs and Carlton Blues. (Photo by Michael Willson/AFL Media) Cameron Bancroft adjusts the front of his trousers during day three of the 3rd Test match between South Africa and Australia at Newlands in Cape Town. (Photo by Ashley Vlotman/Gallo Images/Getty Images) Jordan Lewis introduces his forearm to Todd Goldstein's schnoz. Picture: Quinn Rooney/Getty Serena Williams consoles 2018 US Open winner Naomi Osaka after boos from the crowd ring out during the presentation ceremony after the match. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File) LeBron James and Kevin Love celebrate after defeating the Golden State Warriors 93-89 in Game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images) Tiger Woods publicly admits to cheating on wife Elin Nordegren. (Photo by Eric Gay-Pool/Getty Images) Referee Kenny Bayless sends Juan Manuel Marquez to his corner after he knocked out Manny Pacquiao. (AP Photo/Eric Jamison) Boston Police officer Steve Horgan celebrates as the Detroit Tigers' Torii Hunter falls over the right field fence into the bullpen trying to catch a grand slam hit by Boston Red Sox' David Ortiz during Game 2 of the American League baseball championship series, in Boston. (AP Photo/The Boston Globe, Stan Grosfeld) More Stories Premium Content Craddock's eight Aussie cricket New Year’s resolutions LeBron crowned king of all sports Handshake furore rocks darts final Premium Content Ultimate 2019 world sport quiz Premium Content Part II: QLD’s most memorable sporting moments Premium Content Part III: QLD’s most memorable sporting moments Show More More Stories Premium Content Craddock's eight Aussie cricket New Year’s resolutions LeBron crowned king of all sports Handshake furore rocks darts final Premium Content Ultimate 2019 world sport quiz Premium Content Part II: QLD’s most memorable sporting moments Premium Content Part III: QLD’s most memorable sporting moments Show More 0 1 20 best sports photos Read More Login to follow cameron bancroft Read More Login to follow sam burgess Read More Login to follow 20 best sports photos cameron bancroft sam burgess Subscriber Exclusives Premium Content Andergrove shooter: ‘I tried nice, now you asked for this’ Crime He once threatened to melt a former girlfriend’s face off with caustic soda. This time he had a gun. Premium Content Days of ‘government lip service’ need to be over: Mayor Rural Lower electricity prices critical to boosting region’s sugar production effort 3 Premium Content Danger warning after dramatic spike in snake bites Health Vigilance urged after spike in snake bite presentations at Mackay Base and region’s hospitals Premium Content New rivals to compete for Mackay’s industrial lands Council News Mayor hits back at new report criticising ‘mature’ industries. ‘I don’t agree with that at all’ 2 Premium Content BUMPER LIST: 100+ events on in Mackay this week Whats On Family fun days, theatre plays, prize karaoke, wellness and business workshops, social sport and more: Premium Content Qld election: Mackay voters rush to polls early Politics Think you’re skipping long queues by early voting? Think again.
This ⅝" clamping hub is built to work with our ⅝" aluminum tubing. The dual pinch bolts and large contact area provide an excellent hold on the tube without marring or deforming it. The 6-32 holes allow you to fasten an Actobotics component which has the matching 0.77" pattern (thru-holes) onto the face of the hub. Please note that most Actobotics components have a ½" center hole so if you mount an item, such as a gear, onto this hub, the tube that the hub is mounted on will be restricted from being able to slide through the gear. |Weight||0.31 oz (8.9g)|
National Football Stadium will cost €115m instead of the planned €75m The national football stadium’s price tag could come to €115m instead of the planned €75m. Strabag, which supplied the construction work, is demanding €30m over the initial budget of €50m to cover extra work. The stadium’s security and other equipment is €10m over budget. The stadium was built by Ivan Kmotrík and the state promised to either provide a €27m subsidy or purchase it for €75m. The extra money would have to be approved by the government, which seems unlikely ahead of the March 2020 general election.
A Way Beyond Fashion analyzes the shifting boundaries between style and fashion design. Fashion Beat must pleasantly execute them and the styling of the pieces is an understatement. Have you ever seen someone wearing clothes that are very smart and very nice, but the person is just not pulling them off? They’re evidence that even a great wardrobe does not equal great style. And that lack of a few simple essentials will sabotage any look. Follow a few basic guidelines to avoid this problem This has got to be the number one means to make or break a look. Nobody looks good with straggly, greasy hair, chewed up fingernails, gross skin, unplucked eyebrows, and leg stubble. Take care of your skin. Take care of your hair. Take care of your cleanliness. Take care of your nails. In short, take care of yourself in all aspects. Nice clothes don’t mean expensive clothes. Style is priceless, but doesn’t have to be high-priced. Take care of your clothes, as you should present yourself in a pleasant way. USE AN IRON. An iron is always your friend. More importantly, it is your clothing’s companion. Love your iron. It loves you too! Please, do not do accessory too much. No one likes wearing huge hoope earrings, a beaded fringe necklace, a lariat, bangle bracelets, and those gross little butterfly hair clips. ALL IN ONE OUTFIT. Words can not describe how wrong this is, so know about it by yourself. Find What Works Don’t trust mirrors. Pictures are much better indicators of how you appear. So find a really good picture of yourself, one you actually like. Why do you like it? Think of what is pleasing you, whether it’s the color red, a great hairstyle, good lighting, or falling in love. And put together the most of it with every outfit.
So, like, what is this stuff, anyway? I taste a bunch-o-wine (technical term for more than most people). So each week, I share some of my wine reviews (mostly from samples) and tasting notes with you via twitter (limited to 140 characters). They are meant to be quirky, fun, and easily-digestible reviews of currently available wines. Below is a wrap-up of those twitter wine reviews from the past week (click here for the skinny on how to read them), along with links to help you find these wines, so that you can try them for yourself. Cheers! - 13 Quivira Viognier-Sauvignon Blanc (Dry Creek Valley): Potential for a mad-scientist match-up that becomes more art than creation. $NA B+ >>find this wine<< - 12 Quivira Wine Creek Ranch Grenache (Dry Creek Valley): Perfume, pepper, & acidity that's poppin' like an open pack of Pop Rocks. $30 B+ >>find this wine<< - 12 Quivira Rose (Dry Creek Valley): Lovers of the pithy, unite! Wild strawberry, rose petal, and wild length for the cost of entry. $22 B+ >>find this wine<< - 11 Pina Buckeye Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon (Howell Mountain): Tannin & cassis clearly meant for each other though in no hurry to wed $80 A- >>find this wine<< - 12 St. Amant Winery Marian's Vineyard Lodi Native Zinfandel (Lodi): The natives are restful, in smooth repose, & smoking peace pipes. $NA A- >>find this wine<< - 10 Glenelly Estate Lady May (Simonsberg-Stellenbosch): Herbs, leather, & grip; and it's a damn long, hard, tight, & complex grip. $50 A- >>find this wine<< - 12 Dry Creek Vineyards Estate Block 10 Chardonnay (Russian River Valley): Wearing rich garb, but adorned with subtle accessories. $30 B+ >>find this wine<< - 12 Signorello Hope's Cuvee Chardonnay (Napa Valley): Cream and complexity are its strong-suits. Subtlety… uhm, well… not so much. $80 B+ >>find this wine<< - 09 Ricci Curbastro Franciacorta Extra Brut (Franciacorta): Toasted almond bread, transmogrified into a playful, citric effervescence $45 B+ >>find this wine<< - 12 Spell Wines Weir Vineyard Pinot Noir (Yorkville Highlands): Time & patience are required to tend this herb, spice & berry garden. $50 A- >>find this wine<<
CatRescue 901 is a small team of volunteers who are dedicated to helping cats in need in pounds and the community. We do not receive any funding and are only able to continue our vital rescue work thanks to the generosity of the community. Donations over $2 are tax deductible. Thank you for your support. Jake and Layla were previously named Luke and Layla and they were in foster care with Jenny in 2012. In October that year Leanne and I contacted CatRescue to see if we would be suitable new parents for two adorable tabby kittens who had been dumped in a gutter. Luckily we made the grade and were able to bring our new family members home. Luke became Jake
Does your tax preparer work with you to reduce your tax liability? Or do they just fill out the forms and tell you how much you owe? We can work with you throughout the year to anticipate what your situation will be at tax time. Wouldn't it be nice to know several months ahead if you need to invest in equipment or a retirement plan to avoid paying more taxes? That is what our "Quarterly Review" is for. It also gives us the opportunity to review your accounting entries to see if any corrections need to be made. Sometimes one incorrect entry can really affect you P&L. An incorrect P&L can result in an incorrect tax return. Whether you need individual or company tax returns, we can help. We work with a variety of businesses and individuals: Doctors, Lawyers, Construction, Retail, Service, Non-Profit and many others to handle their tax needs. We can handle e-filing for current years. If you have past due returns, we can help you resolve those issues. Our goal is to be your small business advisor and contribute to your increased profitability. Middle Tennessee — Greater Nashville Area including Franklin, Brentwood, East Nashville, Hendersonville, Gallatin, Goodlettsville, Mount Juliet, Lebanon Tennessee Business Services can help you solve your tax and bookkeeping headaches. We provide a variety of bookkeeping, tax and financial management services. We work closely with our small business clients to tailor our services to your needs by streamlining your processes and increasing efficiency. We do not offer a “one size fits all” approach. We make it easy on you. Our approach is to develop a system with you that allows us to give you the timely and accurate information you need to run your business. We set up a system that becomes “routine,” “manageable,” and “predictable.” No more 11th hour crises. Our year-round bookkeeping services save you time and worries at year end and at tax time. You can depend on us. We have the references to prove it. Just ask us!
About this download This program will update Touchscreen Firmware to version 0004 and will resolve the following symptoms: - After selective suspend mode, the Touchscreen response latency is too long. Touchscreen Firmware Update version 0004 File name: EP0000600674.exe File size: 2.5 MB (2616328 bytes) - Touchscreen Firmware Update version 0004 - 2.5 MB - Windows 8 32bit - Windows 8 64bit 1. Download the file to a temporary or download directory (Please note this directory for reference later). 2. Go to the directory where the file was downloaded and double-click EP0000600674.exe. 3. Follow the instructions displayed in the installation wizard. 4. After installation is completed, please restart the computer.
15 Jun Tips for Talking to Your Doctor Taking an active role in your health care can help you get the best care possible from your doctor. One way to do this is to improve your relationship with your doctor. The following are some tips to help you and your doctor improve your health care together. Talk to your doctor Be sure to tell your doctor about any current and past health care issues or concerns. It’s important to share any information you can, even if you’re embarrassed. Give your doctor the following information during the exam: - Any symptoms you are having For a full list click here: http://bit.ly/1s0sY3k
Yes, Virginia, there is a small business Santa Claus. “Santa” comes in the form of customers with money burning a hole in their pockets. They have funds they want to, or need to, spend before midnight December 31. These customers are ripe for the picking, so hurry and make those all-important, highly lucrative, sales calls you can only make at the end of the year. What kind of customers are so eager to spend their money now? Surprisingly, quite a few. If your small business sells primarily in the B2B (business-to-business) space, these next few weeks can be a great time to increase your coffers. Here’s something many small business owners overlook: many business customers and clients have funds they want to — or need to — spend before the end of the year. That money could end up in your cash register. What type of business customers are eager to spend money now? Those who have: - “Use it or lose it” budgets – Large corporations, government agencies, educational institutions, or non-profit organizations often have budgets they must use before year end. In some large organizations, if they don’t spend all their allocated dollars this year, their budget next year may actually be cut. No one wants that. - “Lower my taxes” approach – “Accelerate expenses, delay income” is a basic tenet of year-end tax planning. Many small businesses and sole proprietors who’ve had a profitable year are willing to make useful purchases right now to lower their 2016 taxes. - Co-op dollars – Some businesses—retailers, resellers, equipment installers, and any company that sells products manufactured by others—can receive “co-op” money to use for cooperative advertising or promotions. This money, too, often disappears if they don’t spend it within the calendar year. Especially if your business is in the marketing space—advertising, promotions, public relations—you may be able to get a piece of this. All of this means you’ve got some highly motivated prospects out there. But those opportunities disappear on January 1. In fact, you’ll have to act sooner than that. With many people leaving their offices the last week or two of the year, you need to act now. - Make a list – Identify which past customers are most likely to have budgets or co-op dollars they must use by the end of the year. Focus your efforts on those customers. What have they bought from you in the past? What might they need now? Do a bit of legwork before you contact prospects. - Visit customers in person – The holidays give you a perfect excuse to drop in on your customers. Bring them a present—it doesn’t have to be anything expensive. You can’t really go wrong with a box of chocolates or even a Starbucks gift card. While you’re there, ask whether they have any budget dollars they need to spend before year’s end. Tell them you can help them out. - Call – You’ve also got a reason to pick up the phone and call clients: to wish them happy holidays. After chatting with them about their holiday plans, bring the conversation around to what they need to buy before December 31. - Email – If you have a large number of customers in this spend-it-or-lose-it category, craft an email and send it out. Offer special end-of-year discounts to motivate them. Follow up with a phone call. - Suggest they use “co-op” funds – Remind customers they may have dollars available from vendors. Co-op funds can usually be used in many ways, not just for placing ads. Suggest your customers buy your products as promotional giveaways, just as long as you can add the vendor’s name (think of placing stickers on the product or adding a letter in the package). - Keep track of what worked this year – If the end of the year crept up on you, don’t panic. Create an end-of-year customer segment for your email newsletter, CRM, or whatever other method you use for customer engagement, and take notes so you’re not scrambling around this time of year in 2017. And ask customers when their fiscal year ends. That’s always a lucrative time to make sales. Copyright, Rhonda Abrams, 2016 This article originally ran in USA Today on December 7, 2016
BIRTHDAY MUSINGS: A GRATEFUL HEART Life is precious and special, it is a great gift, meant to be lived to the fullest, and shared with the people close to us and with the world. Today I celebrate life, today I celebrate love of family and friends, today I celebrate that special gift of life. MY BIRTHDAY. My heart is full of profound joy and happiness as I give thanks to God almighty for the gift of life and for this special and wonderful opportunity to celebrate this special day of my birth. He is the one who grants health and well-being and the wisdom to navigate this tricky world. He is the one who has sustained me all these years, and I’m grateful. I’m glad that the weather today has been lovely, warm and sunny and I have managed to make the best use of it. I’ve done two things that I love doing the most; a couple of visits to my favorite charity and care homes, and a visit to the mall for shopping. These activities gladden my heart and I’m grateful to be able to undertake them. My gratitude goes too, to my friends and family and to all whose path has crossed mine. Those who have supported me in one way or another and those who support me still in my endeavors, not forgetting those who have made me stronger because they said ‘no’, those who made me do it myself. As we go through life, we encounter different people, some leave us with great memories that put a smile on our faces when we remember them, others leave us with bitter experiences, but all these contribute to our growth and make us stronger and even better. I’m thankful for who I have become and grateful to all who made it possible. I’d like to thank especially the more than 2000 followers and readers on my blog for journeying with me and for the great contributions you make to my blog, I sincerely appreciate. May we continue this wonderful journey together and may we grow from strength to strength. Thank you all once again and may this joy I feel be felt by you on your special day!
Top-ranked flyweight Joseph Benavidez takes on third-ranked Deiveson Figueiredo for the vacant title in the main event of UFC Fight Night 169 on Saturday. The 12-bout UFC stop take place at Chartway Arena in Norfolk, Va., the promotion’s second visit to the venue. The main UFC Fight Night 169 card is scheduled for 8 p.m. ET and will mark the third title shot for Benavidez (28-5), who lost twice to former longtime champion Demetrious Johnson. He heads into the bout on a three-fight win streak with two finishes. Figueiredo (17-1) is 6-1 in seven fights with the UFC. He suffered his first loss with the promotion in March of last year, but rebounded with consecutive victories. Benavidez is a -150 favorite (risk $150 to win $100), while Figueiredo is a +130 underdog in the latest Benavidez vs. Figueiredo odds. In the co-main event, Felicia Spencer (-800) meets Zarah Fairn dos Santos (+550) in a women’s featherweight fight. Before making any UFC Fight Night 169 predicitions of your own, make sure you hear what SportsLine MMA expert Kyle Marley has to say. Marley won the first-ever “ToutMaster” UFC betting contest sponsored by MMAOddsBreaker and also appears regularly on multiple MMA betting and DFS shows. Over the past year, $100 bettors who have followed Marley’s picks are up nearly $18,000. Just last week at UFC Fight Night 168, Marley told SportsLine members to support hometown favorite Dan Hooker (-150) against Paul Felder (+130) in a matchup of rugged ranked lightweights in the main event. He reasoned that Hooker’s slight edge in overall skill would be the difference, and a fifth-round takedown likely gave the New Zealander the edge in a split-decision victory. Anyone who has consistently followed Marley is way up. Now, with UFC Fight Night 169 fast approaching, Marley has carefully studied every matchup on the card, identified the best value in the UFC odds and released his MMA picks for every single fight. He’s only sharing those selections here. Benavidez vs. Figueiredo preview Marley knows both fighters will be eager to take advantage of an opportunity that they likely didn’t believe would materialize this quickly, and Figueiredo might owe Benavidez a debt of gratitude for making it happen. Benavidez defeated Henry Cejudo in a 2016 non-title bout and has won three of his four fights since. The 35-year-old Texas native won Performance of the Night for his second-round stoppage of second-ranked Jussier Formiga last June. But he faces a daunting challenge from the rising Figueiredo, who has four stoppages among his six UFC victories. The 32-year-old Brazilian submitted Tim Elliott in their October bout. His decision win over Alexandre Pantoja in June earned a Fight of the Night accolade. You can see Marley’s full Benavidez vs. Figueiredo picks here. Top UFC Fight Night 169 predictions We’ll share one of Marley’s UFC Fight Night 169 predictions here: He is backing Sergey Spivak (-120) to get a stoppage of veteran Marcin Tybura (+100) in a heavyweight clash. Tybura (17-6) is a five-year UFC pro who has battled some of the division’s biggest names. But the 34-year-old Polish fighter has lost four of his past five bouts, with a decision win over seven-footer Stefan Struve the lone victory. He has been stopped in three of those defeats. Spivak (10-1), 25, has split his first two UFC bouts. The Ukrainian recorded a second-round submission of Tai Tuivasa in their October bout on the UFC 243 card. “Tybura looks like he could be a shot fighter and there is no way I could bet on him after some of the performances we have seen lately,” Marley told SportsLine. “Spivak is 10 years younger and should improve, so I am going to side with Spivak and I believe he’ll get a finish.” How to make UFC Fight Night 169 picks Marley also has strong picks for Benavidez vs. Figueiredo, Spencer vs. Fairn dos Santos and every other bout on the UFC Fight Night 169 card. He’s also backing one “relentless grappler” who will win most striking exchanges too. Get every pick for every fight on the UFC Norfolk card at SportsLine. Who wins Benavidez vs. Figueiredo? And how exactly does each fight end? Visit SportsLine now to get detailed picks on every fight at UFC Fight Night 169, all from the expert who’s up nearly $18,000 on MMA in the past year, and find out. UFC Fight Night 169 odds Joseph Benavidez (-150) vs. Deiveson Figueiredo (+130) Felicia Spencer (-800) vs. Zarah Fairn dos Santos (+550) Magomed Ankalaev (-190) vs. Ion Cutelaba (+165) Megan Anderson (-225) vs. Norma Dumont (+185) Grant Dawson (-420) vs. Darrick Minner (+335) Luis Pena (n/a) vs. Steve Garcia Jr. (n/a) Gabriel Silva (-130) vs. Kyler Philips (+110) Tom Breese (-135) vs. Brendan Allen (+115) Sergey Spivak (-120) vs. Marcin Tybura (+100) Jordan Griffin (-140) vs. TJ Brown (+120) Aalon Cruz (-175) vs. Spike Carlyle (+155) Ismail Naurdiev (-140) vs. Sean Brady (+120)
Time for another entry in Friday Fictioneers challenge, courtesy of Rochelle Wissof-Fields. If you want to give it a try, check the info on her blog. 100 words more or less, inspired by a photo, here we go…. Copyright – The Reclining Gentleman I don’t know what went wrong, my dear. I remember you standing there in a pale yellow dress, waiting patiently while I presented my greatest trick to the audience. As you vanished in a cloud of smoke, the last thing I saw was you blowing me the kiss. And then the time for The Prestige* came, but you were gone. I can forgive you ruining my career…but did you have to break my heart? These days the birds are the only companions to my jaded soul. How sad that the applause is replaced with the flapping of the wings… *Each magician’s trick has three parts; The Pledge, where the audience is presented with an ordinary object; The Turn, where the object is turned into something extraordinary; and The Prestige, where the object is brought back. Inspiration is a dangerous beast, lurking from the shadows, waiting a perfect moment to jump on your back and drag you into unknown. It dragged me far away this week and I barely managed to tie it back by a bird’s feather.
AJ Tracey & Mabel gift fans a brand new song titled Life’s A Mess Ft. Halsey and it’s available for easy streaming and free download. Listen and vibe to good music on capejams. AJ Tracey & Mabel has been making waves in America and the world at large when it comes to music, releasing more hit songs. Make sure to follow-up with these new song that is on board. He likes to stay high making point in music. Update Your Playlist with this new tune. A world without music is a body without a heart, Positive thinking is a mental and emotional attitude that focuses on the bright side of life and expects positive results. Downloading this new song is well worth the good positive experience that music as a whole gives in our life. Stream And Listen to AJ Tracey & Mabel West Ten” “fakaza mp3 download”320kbps free flexyjam cdq itunes Fakaza 2020 download toxicwap rar Descarger Torrent zippyshare datafilehost Song We are also glad to bring to you the latest afro house , amapiano 2020, gqom, mix and deep house, sa hiphop song to your door step and we will be delighted if you Listen, Download & Share these new song. Stream & Download Mp3 Below
Humanities › History & Culture FamilySearch Historical Records 8 Tips to Go Beyond General Searching Share Flipboard Email Print Andrew Bret Wallis/Getty Images History & Culture Genealogy Vital Records Around the World Basics Surnames Genealogy Fun American History African American History African History Ancient History and Culture Asian History European History Inventions Latin American History Medieval & Renaissance History Military History The 20th Century Women's History View More By Kimberly Powell Genealogy Expert Certificate in Genealogical Research, Boston University B.A., Carnegie Mellon University Kimberly Powell is a professional genealogist and the author of The Everything Guide to Online Genealogy. She teaches at the Genealogical Institute of Pittsburgh and the Salt Lake Institute of Genealogy. our editorial process Kimberly Powell Updated June 20, 2019 Whether your ancestors came from Argentina, Scotland, the Czech Republic, or Montana, you can access a wealth of free historical records online at FamilySearch, the genealogy arm of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It has a wealth of indexes available through its free Historical Records Collection, which includes more than 5.57 billion searchable names in 2,300+ collections from countries all over the world, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, England, Germany, France, Argentina, Brazil, Russia, Hungary, the Philippines, and many more. However, there's a lot more data available that's not searchable via a keyword, which is where the huge trove of historical document images come in. Basic Search Strategies There are so many records online at FamilySearch now that a general search often turns up hundreds if not thousands of irrelevant results. You want to be able to target your searches to wade through less chaff. If you've already tried using the "exact search" checkboxes next to the fields; searched birth, death, and residence places; used wildcards in names that could be spelled different ways; or tried to narrow by relationship with another person, location, or type of record already, you still have other options that can make your search more fruitful. Search by Collection A general search almost always turns up too many possibilities unless the search contains someone with a very unusual name. For best results, start by choosing a country to find collections, via the location search, or by browsing by location down to a particular record collection (e.g., North Carolina Deaths, 1906–1930). When you have the collection open that you want, you can use the "narrow by" technique within each collection (e.g., use parent surnames only to find married female children in the N.C. Deaths collection). The more possible places and connected names that you can try, the more meaningful your results will turn out to be.Take notes on the title and years of the collection you're searching, in relation to whom. If the collection is missing records from certain years, you'll know what you've been able to check—and what you haven't—because those missing records could come online or become searchable one day. Vary the Fields You Use The records might not have everything in them that you've typed into the "narrow by" fields if you've used multiple boxes, so it might not come up even if it's there. Try the search multiple ways, varying what fields you try to refine by. Use different combinations of fields. Use Wildcards and Other Search Refinements FamilySearch recognizes both the "*" wildcard (replaces one or more characters) and the "?" wildcard (replaces a single character). Wildcards can be placed anywhere within a field (even at the beginning or end of a name), and wildcard searches work both with and without the "exact search" checkboxes being used. You can use "and," "or," and "not" in your search fields as well as quotation marks to find exact phrases. Show a Preview After your search has returned a list of results, click on the little upside-down triangle to the right of each search result to open a more detailed preview. This reduces your time spent, versus clicking back and forth between the results list and the result pages. Filter Your Results If you're searching across multiple collections at one time, use the "Category" list in the left-hand navigation bar to narrow your results by category. This is useful for filtering out census records, for example, which often end up topping results lists. After you've narrowed to a particular category ("Births, Marriages & Deaths," for example), the left-hand navigation bar will list record collections within that category, with the number of results that match your search query next to each collection title. Browse as Well as Search Many collections at FamilySearch are only partially searchable at any given point in time (and many are not at all), but this information isn't always easy to determine from the collection list. Even if a particular collection is searchable, compare the total number of searchable records listed in the Collections List with the total number of records available by selecting the record set and scroll down to see the number of records listed under "View Images in This Collection." In many cases, you will find many records available for browsing that aren't yet included in the searchable index. Use the "Wrong" Documents A child's birth record can find information about his or her parents. Or, being the more recent document about the person, a death certificate could also contain his or her birthdate, if the birth certificate (or "vital record" or "civil registration") is elusive. Don't Forget Nicknames and Variants If you're searching for Robert, don't forget to try Bob. Or Margaret if you search for Peggy, Betsy for Elizabeth. Try both the maiden name and married name for women. Volunteering Hundreds of thousands of volunteers have generously donated their time to help to index the collections through FamilySearch Indexing. If you're interested in volunteering, the software is easy to download and use, and instructions are well thought out and generally self-explanatory. A little of your time can help get that genealogy record online for someone else who is searching for it.
Author 'Chouna' (Id 190151 ) : The fisherman of chavots (the chavot in franc-comtois evokes a small fish with big head) is a statue created by Gustave Courbet. Of 1.20 m high, this statue adorns the fountain, place Courbet or Gustave Courbet dipped his buttocks to ease his hemorrhoids. In 1871 the statue was returned to the family of the painter. The sister of Courbet to re-gift to the city in 1822, and since the statue was the subject of criticism of the fact that the fisherman was naked !!!
Ordinarily on Mondays, we host a first sale letter from an author but today we are hosting Marsha Zinberg, Executive Editor from Harlequin, as she tours the romance community sharing insights regarding Harlequins’ Famous Firsts. Long time and new readers alike might not have known that nearly all of favorite ... more > Dear Ms. Miller, Despite the fact that I’ve heard of your name since I got back to reading romances, I’ve never tried any of your books. Can’t say why since I don’t recall any horrible press or bad reviews. I guess it’s just a case of never having picked one ... more > Dear Ms. Miller: I confess that the last book I read of yours was Never Look Back published in 2004. I really liked that book (the heroine sounded like a real lawyer) but for some reason, I never read the two sequels. I think it had something to do with ... more > Lifetime will air its movie adaptation of Linda Lael Miller’s The Last Chance CafÃƒÆ’Ã‚ © starring Kevin Sorbo (Hercules) on Monday, November 13, at 9 p.m. (EST).
With the sporadic effects of COVID-19 pandemic on all the sectors worldwide, mainly the start-ups, the future of EV stands frozen. This year started with the growing support for the notion that the international demand for the white metal will hike by 15%. On the contrary, a 5% drop in demand is predicted in 2020. It is estimated that the slump will agitate the industry for a year. It may quite extend the threat for operations depending on the COVID-19 effects on deployment plans from Ford Motor Co., Volkswagen AG, and more auto manufacturers. Most people would agree that a drop in oil prices should encourage end-users to purchase an internal combustion engine(ICE) vehicle. On the contrary, we believe that keeping in mind the tremendous damage caused by fuel-based vehicles to the environment, people will opt for Electric vehicles and their sale would conclusively boost. The Government had launched the National Electric Mission Plan in the year 2013 with a vision to line 6-7 million electric vehicles on road by 2020 resolving to attain 30% e-mobility in India by 2030. Moreover, EV industries are likely to generate 10 million jobs in the future. This Mission hints an enormous scope for a lucrative career in EV industries. Some thought-provoking facts about the Future of Electric Vehicles Major Auto manufacturers are all set to strike a goal of Electric vehicle production. Tesla planned to reach 0.5 million electric car sales in 2018 and 1 million electric car sales by 2020. Surprisingly, Tesla made a jolting profit within the half-moon of 2020 of $16 million, regardless of factory lockdowns in China and the US. Tesla has supposedly predicted that it may still whack its goal of delivering 500,000 vehicles globally this year in the face of the pandemic. It’s the primary time in Tesla’s history that the firm has turned in three successive profitable quarters. Volkswagen has significantly increased electric car plans, now targeting 1.5 million EVs in 2025. And procreating it to be affordable for millions of people desiring the climate-favoring individual mobility. Ford plans to advance sales of full-electric vehicles to a third of overall sales by 2030 and 15% of EV sales by 2025. Volvo cars have carried out to put one million electrified cars on the road and 50% of Volvo cars sale size to be fully electric by 2025. Accelerated ‘Electric Vision’ Blueprint will find Honda’s dominant models electrified which will be much before the anticipated time that’s by 2022, three years earlier than formerly planned. Honda intends six Electric cars to be introduced in the next 36 months. Furthermore, BMW strategize to spawn one-quarter of sales from Electric Vehicles (EVs) in 2021. Ascending up to at least one third in 2025 and one half in 2030. China, the Major manufacturer of EVs, has imposed a target of 60% of all vehicles to be sold and run on electric motors by 2035. The list carries on. Although, the Pandemic caused the sale of EVs to be unlikely, the rationale being the cost of EVs as compared to traditional vehicles. However, with the visions, goals, and the determination of the World’s most experienced and largest automakers, the future looks more promising. Conclusion: The EV revolution may have lagged at the moment. It’s on the verge of emerging as the most sought-after vehicle globally. As Pedro Palandrani of the Global X Lithium & Battery Technology ETF said to the Economic Times, “The long-term story is a structural trend toward EV adoption. It’s extremely well on its way” Also read: Understand Types of Electric Vehicles EV Duniya Editorial: This article is written by Madhuri Pawar
The HUUB Wattbike team will be welcoming back a familiar face at the UCI National Championships later this month. After losing Harry Tanfield to Katusha-Alpecin on the World Tour last year, and the departure of short term support Ashton Lambie after the World Cup in London, British Cycling’s Charlie Tanfield is set to ride the line in Manchester. Charlie went from strength to strength in 2018. Last year he picked up gold in the team pursuit at the World Championships with Team GB, after riding the World Cup season for Team KGF, now known as HUUB Wattbike, and then raced for England at the Commonwealth Games - resulting in a Silver medal in the 4km Team Pursuit and a Gold medal and Games Record in the 4km Individual Pursuit. HUUB Wattbike team principal Dan Bigham says: “We won’t be able to ride with Charlie until the night before Nationals, where we’ll have half an hour together,” Dan says, “But we’re confident. He can ride team pursuit; we’ve ridden with him many times over.” You can read our full interview with Dan here.
Surfer missing after shark attack Hopes are fading for a West Australian surfer who was taken by a shark on Friday. Andrew Sharpe was surfing about 10.45am at Kelp Beds near Esperance when he was bitten and dragged below the surface. A surfboard with bite marks later washed ashore but the father-of-two is yet to be found. It's the fifth incident in the area in just seven years, with a teenage girl killed at the same spot three years ago. Locals said the shark-infested waters were "too dangerous" for surfers. "Sharks are always prowling these waters at Esperance for years and for decades. We don't swim in these waters too far out from the shallow waters," Denise Colbung said. Wayne Brennand said the Kelp Beds should be "closed permanently to surfing". "Honestly, how many more people have to suffer?" he said. Esperance Senior Sergeant Justin Tarasinski said up to eight surfers were in the water at the time of the attack. "The surfboard washed up nearby to where the attack occurred and with obvious signs of shark attack," he told reporters on Friday. "The chances of survival are obviously pretty slim considering some of the accounts that have been provided to us." The search, involving jet skis and boats, was called off due to a lack of daylight Friday evening, but will resume Saturday morning, with police divers also expected to join the desperate search. Premier Mark McGowan described it as a "very sad and potentially tragic" situation. Shire of Esperance president Ian Mickel said the community was saddened by the tragedy. "It's extremely sad to hear there's been a shark attack again," he said. "We've had a lot of attacks over the last seven years. It's just really, really disappointing." Esperance Ocean Safety and Support committee member David Swan told NCA NewsWire everyone was devastated. "Our thoughts are with the family and close friends," he said. "Everyone's in a bit of shock and feeling very sad." Kelp Beds is about 15km east of Esperance along Wylie Bay. Originally published as Surfer attacked by shark named
Iwokrama, the green heart of Guyana Congratulations to IIC, Guyana, for a successful FSC® Forest Management certificate, October 2016 by Maria Berlango, Soil Association Forestry Senior Certification Officer ‘We were invited to start working with a different Certification Body, but having worked with Soil Association in the past, we knew them, and trusted they would do it the right way.’ Iwokrama is an area of tropical rain forest in Guyana, South America, managed by ICC, covering an area of about 3710 square km –roughly the size of the UK county of Cornwall. Read more about them and our involvement here) An epic journey … After some pre-assessment training in May 2016, Senior Certification Manager Janette McKay and myself set out on the two day journey in mid-September, towards the heart of the forest. Travelling from the capital Georgetown to the field centre (just 300km) took 8 hours, along pot-holed dirt roads in jeeps. We finally arrived at Essequibo River, boarded a ferry and crossed the river to the edge of the Iwokrama Forest. … to a very special habitat Iwakrama is one of the world’s most pristine areas of tropical rainforest, home to some of our largest and most endangered species – the harpy eagle, jaguar, giant otter, anaconda, giant river turtle and more. 30% of species found there are classified as rare and endangered. As well as this three meter long black caiman, we saw brilliant flashes of red from the green winged macaws in the forest by the road while we were approaching the field centre. Surprisingly hard to spot in the surrounding trees, their raucous calls helped to draw attention to their presence. Though this was all the wildlife we saw, forest sounds – monkeys, frogs, birds, insects – are a constant reminder of what’s out there. Following the pre-assessment back in May, the Iwokrama team were well prepared for our four day audit. Everything went to plan, though from our point of view, the high humidity and insect bites were a challenge! The forest is divided into two sectors. One is kept as a wilderness preserve (50% of the total area). The other is the Sustainable Use Area. Reduced impact logging techniques are used in the Sustainable Use Area, notably directional felling. This minimises damage to the remaining trees and ensures logs are easily accessible for extraction, which minimises disturbance to surrounding vegetation. Less than 10 trees per hectare are removed and regeneration is left to happen naturally. As well as many other species, the forest has healthy coverage of the highly prized greenheart (Chlorocardium rodiei) and purpleheart (Peltogyne sp.) trees. Both offer natural density and water resistance that make them useful as pilings and decking in the construction of ships, ports and docks. IIC is the first forest in Guyana to get FSC certification, committing to social, environmental and economic ways of working. As the programme grows and the benefits of certification become evident, local forestry and logging companies will be encouraged to follow suit. For Iwokrama, the biggest challenge is to continue strengthening cooperation and engagement with the people who live in the forest. To be committed to this, in the form of work, training, consultation etc, is a key part of existing and future plans. ‘People have lived in the forest for thousands of years – we saw evidence of this in petroglyphs on rocks in the river. The Iwokrama project has established long term agreements with the Amerindian communities living in and next to the forest so it was important for us to interview representatives during the audit with the help of an expert for the University of Guyana.’ Senior Certification Manager, Soil Association Forestry The Iwokrama International Centre for Rainforest Conservation and Development (IIC) manages the forest ‘in a manner that will lead to lasting ecological, economic and social benefits to the people of Guyana and to the world in general’ . It’s a not-for-profit organisation made up of many stakeholders – forest residents, local and national government, environmentalist etc. Our first contact with IIC was in 2008. In 2014 IIC received funding for FSC® Certification from the German Government (as part of the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit implemented Caribbean Aqua-Terrestrial Solutions Programme), and were keen to regain international recognition for their sustainable forest management. Having established a good working relationship back in 2008, IIC wanted us to be their Certification Body again, and this funding provided the opportunity. For more about the project, see http://iwokrama.org/our-work/ Read this article about the challenges of living in the rainforest:
Stagecoach in Hull are amending their weekday 677 service from Tuesday 2nd April; this is effectively a workers service for Cranswick Foods in Preston, but is also available for general public use. Currently the service runs directly from Hull City Centre via Hedon Road to Preston, with some journeys starting at the Beverley Road/Clough Road junction. However from Tuesday services will now run from Hull Interchange up Beverley Road, along Clough Road, Leads Road, Sutton Road, Ings Road, Maybury Road and Marfleet Lane to rejoin Hedon Road and it's previous route. This offers direct links to Cranswick Foods from more areas of Hull, and also serves other employment areas around Sutton Fields Industrial Estate and Clough Road. The only major timetabling note is the withdrawal of the last evening bus in each direction, currently 1800 from the Interchange and 1845 from Cranswick Foods - the last bus is now 1655 from the Interchange and 1815 from Cranswick Foods. Talking off Clough Road, Stagecoach are adding a new weekday workers service to serve the new Police Headquaters and other employment sites in the area - the 101 (again it is open to the general public as well). Like the 677 it will run from Hull Interchange up Beverley Road to Clough Road before continuing up Holwell Road to the North Point Shopping Centre. Journeys depart Hull Interchange at 0710, 0740, 0810 and 0840; in the return direction services start at Clough Road, departing at 1545, 1610 and 1740. One thing - why the 101 route number. Wouldn't 676 or 678 have been better - or even 29 since it shares part of the route with the 28, and part with the 30? DB and SBB to expand services between Germany and Switzerland - As well as introducing new direct services between the two countries, SBB and DB will work to ensure that travel times will be further reduced. Deutsch... 23 hours ago
You've come here because you were searching for free porn movies, aren't you? You will find them here! We have the LARGEST and the BEST collection of adult videos. And this unbelievable array of porno is updated daily. Our site is very visitor friendly. You can check tube categories and our adult search engine to find sex video. We recommend you to bookmark our website or simply remember our address and visit us each time when you want to masturbate. We're always here to help you :)
Give your sales and marketing teams a holistic view of a campaign in one living document where anyone on the team can take action. Embed your campaign plan in the Salesforce Campaign record in Sales Cloud and maximize cross-functional collaboration without siloed communication. Combine checklists, live Salesforce data, and real-time discussions to maximize the effectiveness of your campaign. Whether you’re contributing to the doc, reviewing contextual conversations, or Salesforce data, everything is live, even if you’re on your phone or offline. Some components within this template require a Quip for Customer 360 license. Visit our pricing page for more information on editions and licensing.
CommercialThe Tritium RT175-S is a 175kW Level 3 DC fast electric car charging station with dual ports- CHAdeMO and SAE Combo connector (CCS). The Tritium RT175-S High Powered DC vehicle charger, with isolated power unit, allows for continuous 175kW operation at up to 104°F/40°C. The compact and unquestionably futuristic industrial design is ideal for high population areas and can just as easily be adopted for highway rest stops, fuel stations, municipal installations, utilities, fleet, hospitality, education, destination centers as well as heavy infrastructure use cases such as mining and ports. The patented liquid cooling technology is exceedingly durable over a wide range of environmental conditions, including high and low temperatures, as well as mitigating against dust ingress, humidity, and corrosive conditions. Compatible with all electric vehicles using the CCS and CHAdeMO standards, this charger satisfies output voltage requirements up to 920V DC, with output of up to 350A via CCS1/CCS2 (200A via CHAdeMO) connectors with long reach cable management. The 175kW charger has an integrated safety loop with tilt sensor and offers an optional escutcheon panel with interlocking isolator for augmented safety within the heavy infrastructure sector. The lightweight charger has a correspondingly small footprint. This hallmark design feature of Tritium’s architecture makes it well suited to a wide range of installation sites. Optional features include cold weather kit for operation down to -22°F/-30°C, increased SCCR to 100kA for grid connection with high available fault currents, as well as options to support site power management and load balancing for multiple charger sites. The RT175-S represents a cost-effective solution; easy to install, own, and operate, thereby providing the earliest possible return on investment. The RT175-S is equipped with Tritium’s market validated implementation of ISO 15118 Plug and Charge. Plug and Charge is a communications protocol that enables electric vehicles and charging equipment to communicate, be authenticated, and transact seamlessly via the charging cable. Additional support for credit card and traditional RFID based payments gives owners / operators the flexibility of easily integrated alternative payment models. The optional credit card payment system supports both fixed price charging sessions and pre-authorised/post-settlement options, where unit-based pricing can be applied against either elapsed time or kWh consumed. RT175-S represents an economically viable solution for sites where a limited number of chargers are required, while still providing Tritium’s highly sought-after mix of liquid cooling and IP65 sealed system, which prevents dust and water ingress. These are coupled with Tritium’s famously large and well-lit customizable branding surfaces that facilitate clear brand messaging and easy visual location of your chargers, as well as promoting customer loyalty and highlighting public stewardship. CommercialThe Tritium Veefil PK350 is a 350kW Level 3 DC fast electric car charging station with dual ports- CHAdeMO and SAE Combo connector (CCS). A scalable and flexible DC fast charge solution, the Tritium Veefil PK350 can serve many EV drivers at the same time. Unique AdvantagesThe system’s unique advantages include small footprint, scalability, flexibility and high efficiency. Additionally, the system offers: - Aesthetically pleasing design - Reduced energy cost (high efficiency) - Reduced cost of installation (small footprint) - Easy upgrades (scalable up to 475 kW) - Effortless charging experience - Minimal maintenance - Maximum uptime - Environmentally safe (water based liquid cooling) - Increased longevity (IP65 enclosure) - Drivers can charge quickly at convenient locations - The Veefil-PK is ideally suited to traditional fuel stations, rest stops and convenience stores. Small FootprintThe small footprint of the Veefil-PK makes it ideal for any location, especially where real estate is at a premium. - Fits easily into existing sites - Lower real estate cost - Less intrusive - Maximize revenue opportunity from existing underutilized space - A lower installation space High EfficiencyTritium’s architecture reduces electricity losses. - The system is designed to minimize the isolation points–the fewer isolation points, the less loss. High voltage transfer management via a DC bus. - Efficient removal of heat from the system, reducing energy losses. - Proven liquid cooling inside the user unit ensures the longevity of the power electronics and leads to high levels of efficiency. FlexibilityThe Veefil-PK offers the ultimate flexibility with the opportunity to : - Communicate your brand and amplify the impact of your chargers with eye-catching graphics. - Customize the HMI screen. - Choose the charging power (175 kW, 350 kW or 475 kW) - Integrate with your preferred charging management software (OCPP) - Arrange the system components to suit your unique site - Offer both CHAdeMo and CCS CommercialThe Tritium Veefil RT50 is a 50kW Level 3 DC fast electric car charging station with dual ports- CHAdeMO and SAE Combo connector (CCS). Tritium's award winning, cutting-edge DC fast charger offers superior performance, durability, and reliability with the world’s smallest footprint. Scalable to suit a wide variety of installation options, Tritium’s 50kW charger is compact, allowing you to make the most of your site through maximizing the number of parking spaces, while still providing ample real estate on the unit to clearly display your brand. Equipped with Tritium's patented liquid cooled technology to mitigate the effects of dust ingress, humidity, and corrosion, the certified IP65 ingress protection level makes cleaning easy with a hand-held hose. Wear and tear on internal units is significantly reduced, ensuring maximum hardware lifespan with minimum maintenance. Lightweight but strong, easy to install, cost-effective, and backed by Tritium's specialist 24/7 customer care, the RT50 is the smart EV DC fast charger of the future. The Tritium Veefil RT50’s small footprint and its scalability enable a vast range of deployment options such as: shopping centers; retail outlets; multi-story car parking lots; department and convenience stores; restaurants and dining establishments; municipal and national parks; tourist attractions; sporting facilities; schools; and rest centers. The electric car charger is compatible with both domestic and commercial EVs’ using the CCS and CHAdeMO standards and Tritium regularly deploys routine software updates to ensure continued compatibility with all new EVs. The RT50 is equipped with Tritium’s market-validated ISO 15118 Plug and Charge which is supported through OCPP1.6j with extensions, enabling EVs and charging equipment to communicate, be authenticated, and transact seamlessly via the charging cable. Additional support for credit card and traditional RFID-based payments gives the flexibility of easily integrated alternative payment methods. The credit card system supports both fixedprice charging sessions and pre-authorized/post-settlement options, where unit-based pricing can be applied against either elapsed time or kWh consumed. The electric vehicle charging station’s lightweight construction and small footprint make it easy to install without the need for cranes or other heavy equipment, and it does not require large concrete foundations. It can be installed with minimal disruption to site operations, and, in many cases, the small footprint enables installation within present architecture and infrastructure configuration. Electric Car Charging Stations Electric Car Charging Stations
It has been a busy week so far for biosimilar developers, with multiple collaboration and commercialization deals announced. First, on November 4, Henlius and Ascentage Pharma announced that they entered into a collaboration to conduct clinical trials of the combination therapy for oncology using Henlius’s rituximab biosimilar, HLX01, which was approved and launched in China earlier this year, and Ascentage’s APG-2575, a proprietary orally administered Bcl-2 selective inhibitor. Also on November 4, Alvotech announced that it has entered into an exclusive partnership with investment group Yas Holding for the Middle East and North Africa that will provide Yas with supplies to commercialize three Alvotech biosimilar candidates in this region. According to the press release, Yas has acquired a 2.5% stake in Alvotech, and the total partnership value is estimated to be around $45 million. Alvotech further announced yesterday that it has entered into a collaboration with STADA under which STADA will exclusively commercialize seven of Alvotech’s biosimilar products in key European markets and certain markets outside of Europe. The companies’ joint press release does not specify which biosimilars are encompassed by the deal, but indicates that “the initial pipeline contains biosimilar candidates aimed at treating autoimmunity, oncology and inflammatory conditions as well as ophthalmology for patients around the world” and that the “originator products of the seven biosimilars currently generate $50 billion in sales globally.” Yesterday, Bioeq and Coherus announced that they entered into a license and development agreement under which Coherus will exclusively market and distribute Bioeq’s biosimilar candidate to LUCENTIS (ranibizumab) in the United States. The companies indicate that Bioeq will be responsible for submitting the aBLA to the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2019 and for subsequent product supply, and that Coherus plans to launch the product in 2021. Bioeq further stated that “starting in 2020, Bioeq will also be in a position to offer rights for its biosimilar ranibizumab to marketing and distribution partners outside the U.S.” Bioeq, a joint venture between the Polpharma Biologics Group and the Strüngmann Group, co-developed FYB201 with Formycon. Biogen and Samsung Bioepis also announced yesterday that they entered into a new commercialization agreement covering the United States, Canada, Europe, Japan, and Australia for two biosimilar candidates under development by Samsung Bioepis: SB11, a biosimilar candidate of LUCENTIS (ranibizumab) that is undergoing phase 3 clinical trials; and SB15, a pre-clinical biosimilar candidate referencing EYLEA (aflibercept). The companies also indicate that the agreement gives Biogen the option to extend the commercialization term for Samsung Bioepis’s three anti-TNF biosimilar—BENEPALI (etanercept), FLIXABI (infliximab), and IMRALDI (adalimumab)—in Europe for additional five years beyond the original ten-year agreement, as well as exclusive commercialization rights to these three biosimilar in China. The post DEAL WATCH: Biosimilars, Biosimilars and More Biosimilars appeared first on Big Molecule Watch.
The trucker that was born in a truck, huh? Give me the details. Well, my parents pulled up in front of the diesel pumps at the Shenandoah, Ohio truck stop in a 1973 Freightliner. My dad was getting ready to pump fuel when he heard my mom in stress, going into labor. Well, a service truck pulled up along one side of the Freightliner, and an ambulance pulled up on the other. My mom, lying in the bed of the big rig gave birth to me right there and then; the paramedic pulled me right out through the emergency access panel. My dad went there for fuel and got a son. Being born in a truck and all, it seems like fate had it out for you to be a truck driver. When did you start driving? I first started driving when I was 16 years old, on the farm. Back then I drove a Volvo White and an International. I started driving Over the Road when I turned 21. I haven’t been driving Over the Road consistently since then, though. I did it for a few years, then took a break to help out on the folk’s farm for a while. What kind of trucks have you driven? I’ve driven Kenworths, Western Stars, Volvos… The first truck I ever drove, outside of the farm, was back when I was 18 and told my father I wanted to be a truck driver like him. We had an old Trifold Mack and he had me take the wheel and learn to drive, by driving, by myself. Back then in Colorado, farmers didn’t need an CDL-A to drive a truck; they were exempt, all you needed was a regular driver’s license. What’s your favorite part of being a driver? The fact that I love to travel, and at someone else’s expense, and get paid for it haha. Well, I guess it’s not at someone else’s expense anymore; I’m a Lease Purchase driver now. But I still get paid for it and it’s still worth it. Any tips for other drivers? I’d recommend driving with a company that works with your specific needs and wants. For me, that’s LTI, but you need to find your company for yourself. Also, like my father said to me, you’re the one who has to stop 80,000 pounds of rolling steal, so you’re the one who has to learn how to drive it and control it.
Eco friendly & Recyclable material used which is biodegradable, Specialty hi-bright paper High Opacity 60 gsm paper, the outer case of Jot It’s are water resistant thus negating any concerns of the sheets getting spoilt in case of water related accidents. It has a rubber matt finish bottom thereby having a solid grip on the table which is a unique feature. NOTEX Jot It series is designed keeping in mind the need of discerning upwardly mobile customers. These Cubes are a prefect blend of superior functionality and aesthetics. With its unique designs Jot It’s are the ideal gift to give to a deserving employee, satisfied client, friend or family member. NOTEX - Beyond Stationery! Shrink Pack : Single Length : 97 mm Width : 97 mm
If your query is in relation to an order, please provide the Order Number and street address for the connection in the subject line. If your query is in relation to a general enquiry, please provide a brief description of your query in the subject line. Call 0800 222 260 or email email@example.com Please wait while we process your request.
Having heard about a Zhentarim warehouse near the tavern where their missing man was jumped, the party decides to check it out. Will they find who they're looking for? Find out in Episode 83: The Warehouse. This episode of Heroes Not Included was brought to you by the patronage of Alyson McManus, Matt Mitton, and Jake McNinch! If you like the podcast and want to support us, please see our Patreon page at bit.ly/HNI-Patre0n for more #dnd5e materials and podcast related goodies. Please leave us a review on Apple Podcasts— bit.ly/HNI-Apple, Facebook— bit.ly/HNI-Facebook, or whatever app you use to listen! Reviews really do help us out, especially as we begin this new season! As an independent podcast, word of mouth is our best advertising, so please talk about us wherever you talk about podcasts and roleplaying. Most of our soundtrack is from Chez Monplaisir under their various projects: • Travelling In Your Mind - Loyalty Freak Music • Four Years - Monplaisir • This tuning is so dramatic - Monplaisir • Chicken- Monplaisir • Hello Regan- Loyalty Freak Music • Brouillard - Komiku Other Sounds from FreeSound.Org: • Hard kick to gut no effects only mixing - eflexthesounddesigner • Knife stabbed in chest melee 3 mixed - eflexthesounddesigner • fireball cast 3 - liamg sfx • shield bash impact - hybrid-v • sfx attack sword 001 - joel audio • magic sfx for games - suntemple
During the COVID crisis, restrictions have been put in place which have sometimes kept people apart for the purpose of safety. For counseling cases in which there has been marital abuse the victim often must be separated from the abuser for the sake of safety. During this time, we counsel the abuser separate from the victim as we seek to lead him to faithful biblical repentance (2 Cor. 7:10-11). This often is a slow, hard process. We usually hope for the ultimate restoration of the marriage. We also must ensure that the mistreated spouse and children are safe. It is hard to know when the husband and wife are ready to move again towards each other. As Chris Moles often says, “If you have seen one case of abuse, you have seen one case of abuse.” Wisdom is required as they move towards reconciliation (James 1:5). As I have observed how government leaders have implemented phased lifting of restrictions during the COVID crisis, it has occurred to me that a similar process might be appropriate as separated couples seek to safely remove restrictions on their interaction. Rather than moving instantly from separation to total restoration of privileges, a phased approach might be a wise approach. Just as there is flexibility (depending upon the data) in implementing the phases of lifting restrictions from COVID, certain factors (data) in a marriage may indicate that they should move forward to the next phase, or remain in the present phase for longer than anticipated, or even go back to a previous phase. Phase 1 – Just as the COVID crisis began with an almost total lockdown (businesses being shut down and people being ordered to stay at home), a couple in crisis because of abuse may need to be totally separated for a period of time. During this time the abusive husband1I refer to the husband as the abuser because the great majority of abusers are men. We do encounter cases in which the wife is the abuser, in which case the same principles would apply. should receive biblical counsel in order to deal with the heart issues which have led to his oppressive controlling behavior. His church leaders would work with him seeking to bring him to a comprehensive recognition of the categories of his sin so that he could repent first before God and ultimately towards the family members he has harmed. His spouse also may receive individual counsel as she processes biblically her experience of having been oppressed and betrayed by the man whom she should have been able to trust. During this phase, contact will be limited to that which is essential (i.e., necessary interactions about children and finances). Mediation and accountability will probably be necessary to ensure that the abuser doesn’t try to exercise coercive control or to go beyond the agreed parameters of their interactions. Phase 2 – Just as governors gradually lifted restrictions on individuals and businesses in the second phase of reopening after certain benchmarks had been met, a separated couple might take initial steps towards greater interaction if they and their counselors sense that they are making progress. The most important factor would be that the abuser has grasped the severity of his sin and is repentant before God and his spouse. An equally important factor is the assessment of the wife regarding his continued behavior. A counselor would be wise to take the wife’s preferences and understanding into consideration as they develop a plan (see the repentance card2https://ibcd.org/product/domestic-abuse-study-cards/ , https://jimnewheiser.com/counseling-cards-english/). Some of their interaction during this phase would involve the guilty party seeking forgiveness. The couple might initially agree to speak over the phone for an hour or two a week in order to try to rebuild their trust. One of the benchmarks during this phase would be the patience of the abuser (1 Cor. 13:4-7). This is evidenced by him not pushing ahead or demanding more time and attention than has been agreed, or insisting that he be trusted and allowed home before his wife and her counselors believe the couple is ready. Putting pressure on her and violating the agreed parameters of their discussions may keep him in phase 2 or even put him back into phase 1. When this phase is going well marriage counseling could be initiated while individual counseling might also continue. Phase 3 – The benchmarks which indicate that it may be safe to move to phase 3 include humility and patience on the part of the abuser, and a sense on the part of his spouse that it is safe to move forward. Phase 3 could include going out on weekly dates, sharing meals together with the children, or enjoying fun family activities together. Some of the time together might include serious conversation about their relationship with the Lord and each other. Much of their time together could be just enjoying each other and rebuilding friendship. This phase also would provide benchmarks for the abuser’s spouse and her counselors. Is the former abuser treating her with respect and not harshness (Col. 3:19)? Will he accept “no” for an answer? How does he handle disappointment? Is he thankful for the fact that his wife is open to rebuilding their broken marriage? As with the other phases, progress could lead to the next phase and regress could leave them in this stage or even force them to revert back to a previous stage. Ideally their counselors would help them work through any setbacks. It is important for both spouses to have realistic expectations. A repentant man will be characterized by biblical love, humility, and the fruit of the Holy Spirit, but he will not be perfect. He may sometimes struggle with selfishness, impatience, or self-pity. Hopefully, these failures will be much less dramatic than before and he will be quick to truly repent (not just using an apology as a “get out of jail free” card). Phase 4 – Assuming that phase 3 has been going well for a period of time, the couple may consider entering into a phase 4. There is no “right” answer for how long this should be in weeks or months. Sadly, some situations may not progress at all. This phase could involve allowing the husband to come home for a couple of days a week – i.e., on weekends. The purpose of this phase would be to see how the couple can readjust to sharing life together. Hopefully, having him back in the home will confirm the new patterns of godliness, servanthood, and grace (reflecting the fruit of the Spirit – Galatians 5:22-23) in the former abuser which would then increase the wife’s confidence that she is doing the right thing to move towards full reconciliation. On the other hand, if the husband begins to revert to some of his former patterns of oppressive controlling behavior, this phase may be put on hold or may revert back to an earlier phase. It is important that relational expectations and parameters (boundaries) are made very clear, agreed upon and enforced during this phase. Phase 5 – When the wife is confident that new patterns have been established, the husband may move home, hopefully once and for all. They probably should still receive marital and individual counseling which would cover issues such as agreed biblical procedures for dealing with conflict, how the wife can speak up and gently correct her husband (Gal. 6:1) with respect, and how the husband can learn to be a Christlike servant leader (Mark 10:43 John 13:1ff). They may even choose to reaffirm their marriage vows in celebration of what God has done. It could be said that the church has experienced an abuse pandemic. A lot has been written about the need to separate an abuser from his victims, but not much has been offered about how to bring a family back together. I am fully committed to preserving the safety of the victims of abuse. I also am committed to not pushing too fast towards reuniting a wife with an abusive husband.3Sometimes in our experience it is the wife who is in too much of a hurry – eager to take him back before he is truly repentant. I also find great joy seeing the power of the gospel which transforms selfish, angry, oppressive men into humble servants (Phil. 2:3-8), and enables those who have been hurt to offer Christlike forgiveness (Eph. 4:31-32). We are presently walking through phased reconciliation with some couples whom we have been counseling. We rejoice to see gospel-based progress for which God alone receives glory.
I can’t remember the pivotal moment in my writing career anymore. But something changed in me between high school and college. In high school, I wrote because I had so many stories inside of me. I cared less about who read them. I kept my manuscripts – all three of them – behind closed doors. No one saw them except for one person: Lily. She, in fact, turned my first novel down. It’s too boring and confusing, she had said. I researched writing and publishing more. My dreams got crushed when I realized it’d take at least five years to get a literary agent. I wanted my book published before I graduated college, but that was a far-fetched dream. Perhaps I should’ve realized how crazy my dreams were. But I didn’t stop. I changed my entire novel around. I got Lily to say, It’s getting better. Not amazing. Not fantastic. But better. Which meant I still had more work to do. I changed my perception again when college slapped me in the face. Sitting in a room with other writers who were on the same level or higher was intimidating to say the least. Thoughts of failing as a writer slipped into my head more than they should’ve. But I didn’t stop. I kept on writing, editing, reading, and researching, which seemed to be a pattern in all determined writers. No one got into the field unless they knew the field. So, I wrote, edited, and researched every day. I knew about the writer’s platform and how little publishing companies helped sell a book. I researched the top writers in America and wrote down their publishers. I made sure I knew more about the writing field even if it brought my confidence down even more. After my first college writing class, Lily and I sat at a Starbucks in Barnes and Noble. We had some type of croissant between us. I was editing on my iPad while she read the newest version of my novel. But she glanced up and said something that caught my attention. You know, your writing has improved a lot. You write more like a published author now. I write like what? Even though she said those words I never felt like it much after that. As someone beginning to see the writing world with its excitement and dangers, I felt like I’m more of a ripple in the ocean instead of a wave. Someday, I might be a wave, but I wasn’t quite there yet and it was aggravating. I haven’t stopped yet.
SolarWorld AG, the company that fired severe solar trade wars between China, the U.S., and Europe, has officially announced to file for insolvency proceedings on May 10 due to incapability of paying off its debts. SolarWorld stated in a short statement that: “The management board of SolarWorld AG, after having conducted a diligent review, came to the conclusion today that due to the ongoing price erosion and the development of the business, the Company no longer has a positive going concern prognosis, is therefore over-indebted and thus obliged to file for insolvency proceedings.” Frank Asbeck, SolarWord’s founder and CEO, described the insolvency as a “bitter step,” according to PV Magazine’s report. He expressed his appreciation to all SolarWorld employees for their effort of constructing a fair competition environment in the solar industry. SolarWorld’s bankruptcy was, again, blamed for rapid module price decline began in the second half of 2016 from China. Trade barrier was unable to avoid business recession The PV industry has been in oversupply for years and the module price has been declining year by year. SolarWorld went into loss since 2014, and the financial loss worsened in the second half of 2016. Although SolarWorld appealed for trade protections (anti-dumping and countervailing measures) against China and Taiwan, the company was unable to return to profitability effectively because both Chinese and Taiwanese PV makers have gradually established extra capacities in third-party countries since 2015. The global module price decline also accounted for SolarWorld’s loss. Three issues to come “SolarWorld AG’s insolvency will directly lead to three questions,” pointed out an analyst at EnergyTrend. “First, will SolarWorld Americas Inc. follow and file for insolvency? Second, will there be a supply void? Third, will the protection measures implemented by the U.S. and Europe continue?” For the first issue, it is unclear whether SolarWorld Americas will go bankrupt or not at this moment. However, the answer will be closely related to the third issue – the trade barriers. Will the measures still be implemented in case that SolarWorld AG (and SolarWorld Americas) went bankrupt? The same question can further be correlated to China’s anti-dumping and countervailing measures on polysilicon imports from Europe. For the second question, SolarWorld had 1.5GW production capacities for ingot, wafer, PV cells and modules by the end of 2016, according to the company’s 2016 Annual Report, while it also planned to relocate them in 2017. In SolarWorld’s 2017 relocation plan, it would have over 1GW of solar cell manufacturing capacity back to Germany. In 2016, SolarWorld shipped around 14% of it modules to Germany and around 500MW of modules to the U.S. As SolarWorld AG has filed for insolvency, it is expected to create a supply void, of which the volume is depending on the progress of SolarWorld’s capacity transition. Suniva has filed its petition under Sections 201 after it filed for chapter 11 in the U.S. this April. EnergyTrend expects that Sections 201 will stimulate a short-term demand rush in the U.S. SolarWorld AG’s insolvency, therefore, will create module shipment opportunity for other suppliers. (Lead photo courtesy to SolarWorld AG. Figures from SolarWorld's 2016 Annual Report)
Surefire Health Tips to Transition to Autumn ęDeborah Barr, 2011-16; all rights reserved. The Autumn Equinox provides a tremendous outpouring of energy for your use or misuse. Your thoughts, feelings, words, choices and actions can create greater health and an abundance of all good things if you are consciously directing them toward what you DO want--right NOW. Equinoxes represent balance and autumn is harvest time. What seeds have you planted in the spring? What were your dominant mental seeds? How healthy have your food choices been? You will most likely reap the results of your efforts of the past two seasons to fulfill your goals, vision and dreams. Does that scare you or excite you? Either way, it's never too late for a fresh, new approach to taking control of your health and personal life. Autumn represents letting go. Are you ready to release all that's been intensifying your challenges and keeping you stuck? Eating and living in harmony with the seasons is one aspect of my Holistic WholeHealth approach to creating radiant health and energy; a healthy fit body and mind; emotional harmony and an abundant, joyful life you love. Many of the reductionist and one-size-fits-all methods of western medicine and many alternative models are inadequate in assisting you with complete recovery from physical and emotional health distress and personal crises. There is a more accurate Holistic method for you to determine what is needed for healing your emotional, physical and lifestyle problems. My WholeHealth approach is based on centuries old traditional health wisdom founded on solid principles rather than popular trends that contradict each other and fade in time. I have several offerings that can benefit you and details are at the end of this article. Health Challenges – Lungs, Immunity, Digestion and Skin Each season brings the potential for specific physical and emotional health issues. If your health is weak you are more likely to experience health challenges during the transition from summer to autumn. The well being of your body, mind and emotions in any season is dependent, to a large extent, on your food and lifestyle choices of the previous seasons. According to the centuries old wisdom of traditional health philosophies, autumn impacts the lungs and large intestine. Colds, sinus problems, lung and immune ailments (including allergies and asthma), digestive problems, skin conditions, weakness and/or pain in the arms, thumbs and index fingers; weak abdominal muscles; and pain and/or weakness in the thumb and index fingers are some common imbalances related to lung and digestive health and prevalent during this season. there is disharmony in these organs, specific emotions and characteristics will be more pronounced. Perhaps during this time of year you’ve noticed that you become indecisive, lethargic, depressed, or unable to see positive solutions and move beyond adversity. Or you may engage in self-blame and not-good-enough syndrome; become unresponsive, indifferent, negative, ineffective, isolated, self-destructive, and overly self-protective. These symptoms are caused by lung and large intestine imbalances, and originate from poor diet, excessive or insufficient activity, climate, and/or organ malfunction. Anxiety, depression, and other emotional disharmonies will be covered in great detail in my upcoming Emotional Harmony Webinar. Subscribe to free e-newsletter, Whole Health Matters, for details. Most dry conditions are exacerbated during this season and are related to the lungs—dry skin and throat, itchiness and most skin conditions, chapped lips, and excessive thirst. Even more common are conditions caused by an excess of mucus forming fluids. This creates problems in the lungs by inhibiting the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide. When too much moisture or mucus collects in the lungs, these gases cannot pass freely. Fruit and cow’s milk products, including cheese, yogurt, and ice cream, cause a lot of mucus in the respiratory system even if they are labeled low-fat. Too much mucus in the lung tissues makes them susceptible to inflammation and hypersensitive to the effects of irritants in the air. Mucus traps harmful pollutants allowing them to accumulate rather than be excreted. Phlegm in the lungs is often caused by weak digestion. Each person’s health plan should be individualized; however, some general guidelines are listed below. Therapeutic Foods for Autumn Health help clear mucus in the lungs and intestines. They include onions, garlic, turnip, broccoli, celery, ginger, cabbage, horseradish, radish, daikon, small amounts of hot peppers and chilies, seaweeds, and ground flaxseed. Use several of these every day. Pungent cooking herbs include garlic, ginger, black pepper, basil, fennel, cinnamon, cloves, marjoram, rosemary, caraway, dill and bay leaf. The rich beta-carotene content of golden-orange and dark green vegetables helps protect these organs. They include carrot, winter squash, broccoli, parsley, kale, mustard greens, and watercress. foods help to cleanse the colon and lungs and whole, unprocessed grains are the best source, including brown rice, barley, quinoa, oats, and millet. Eat 2 cups or more daily. dry conditions such as dry cough, dry skin, itchiness, excessive thirst, and sluggish bowels or constipation, emphasize these foods: seaweed, peaches, pears, apples (best to cook fruit in the autumn and winter), string beans, tofu, tempeh, brown rice syrup, black sesame seeds, ground flaxseed, organic butter or ghee, organic eggs, oysters, and clams. bitter, spicy, and sour foods and eliminate dehydrating substances such as coffee, alcohol and cigarettes. 3-5 day cleansing diet of simple, easy to digest foods can help bring you back to balance. Eat only whole, unprocessed grains, steamed vegetables and Soup. Start the day with warm lemon water and drink plenty of liquids including water and herbal teas. Chew well to alkalize the food, sit down and eat in a relaxed way, and avoid eating after 6 p.m. Foods in the lotus family are beneficial for lung health and other conditions. about this little known food group and its uses. You can give your lungs and immune system a boost by incorporating medicinal mushrooms both as a food and in supplement form. Learn which ones are best for you. There are many safe and effective herbs that can clear lung, digestive, skin, and all conditions without the negative side effects of pharmaceuticals. Some herbal remedies are described. There are others not listed since it’s best to consult with a professional herbalist to determine the best remedies for your constitution and condition. If you have chronic problems, you'll save money, time and trail and error with a professional consultation so that recommendations can be customized for your entire health. Exercise and activities that promote higher oxygen levels in the blood will make you feel more energetic, alert and positive. Raising oxygen levels also allows the brain to function better and promotes a positive mental outlook. Try yoga, tai chi or qigong. Brisk walking, hiking, or riding a bike outdoors are helpful especially in autumn. These all improve lung health and help to eliminate some of the above symptoms. have far more control over your health and happiness than you realize. Adopting some of the suggestions in this article can help you take control by adapting to the changing seasons with harmony and well being. Your mental and emotional state will improve and I'll give more tips on this in a future article Barr. All rights reserved. With all the uncertainty of our health care system, it's more important than ever to be proactive and invest in your well being. It's difficult to do This does not mean you stop seeing your physician or eliminating your medications. It means educating yourself and learning about your body and personal imbalances from a holistic perspective. If it makes sense to you, then begin to implement gradual changes. You can get to anywhere that you want to be. Small, consistent changes will get you there. you resonate with a Holistic approach, professional guidance for the right nutrition and holistic health plan for you. You can greatly improve every aspect of your physical, mental and emotional health with a customized holistic approach. Schedule an Introductory Holistic Health and Nutrition session with Deborah Barr, 30-year Holistic Health and Nutrition Counselor. You'll be on your way to better health. Sessions can be done by phone, skype, or at Pittsburgh office. client success stories Feel free to use this article in your print or no charge. We do that you send an and tell us in you will use it and when it will be published. We require that you use bio (see end of each if you wish) and mail us a copy link to online If you are in or are looking I'd be delighted to discuss some topics with you. All articles and this website are and are owned by
Twixt my finger and my thumbs, something wicked this way comes. (Witch on the approach of Shakespeare’s Macbeth). In a spectacle of corruption, and chicanery, the Democrats, in breach of their oath to preserve and protect the Constitution, passed a healthcare bill, declared it splendid—and now are crowing victory. Americans, however, are shouting their wrath even as they pledge the political obliteration of Democrats. Well Done Democrats! Again Well Done! You have worked from your own rope the hangman’s noose will swing thee in the November winds. The Democrats who voted yea sought to camouflage their faithlessness in contrivance, in fig leafs, however small, might cover their moral nakedness. Some pitched a beauteous vision: The Bill will irradiate the deficit, though they know as well as we the Bill will impose trillions in debt upon Americans and their children yet unborn. Others embrace the tactics of Machiavelli. They believe that so long as they dump truckloads of cash into the pockets of their constituents, they will survive. The Chicago Presidential Administration love these Democrats. For they are of one mind, know the subtleties of crookedness and blowing smoke. Indeed, they are of one alloyed ambition: self-aggrandizement and the ascendance of a welfare state. So for the President there is no promise too great or small, too brazen or profane for which he will not squander American wealth or plunge American children into unquenchable deficits and penury. There were others of course who drape themselves in religion. One politician announced piously he would vote for the bill only after a soulful talk with his Catholic priest. He is not worth more words than this: Suffice to say he holds himself in religious awe. Rep. Bart Stupak and the Democrats who pledged their conscience to the protection of an unborn child’s right to life promised to vote No to the Bill—until at last, just as the cock crowed, they betrayed the peoples’ sacred trust. Suddenly, Rep. Stupak saw the light; he would vote for the Bill because President O’bama, the most pro abortion President ever to take office, would publish an executive order urging the prohibition of federally funded abortions. Clear conscience indeed. Rep. Stupak, and the pro life Democrats who joined him knew then and now that the President’s Executive Order when signed will be a nullity that it cannot constitutionally trump the legislative language of the Bill or the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in Roe v. Wade. In Roe, the Supreme Court legitimized de facto, despite its restrictive words, any and all abortions, any time. If Rep. Stupak, and the few pro-life democrats were ignorant of the impotency of executive orders, why then didn’t they research the law? Why didn’t they ask the Council of Bishops for a copy of the briefs written by their legal staff? They would have discovered that an executive order is powerless to alter legislation or contest the ruling of courts? The question for unborn children is one of life and death. Therefore, our would be champions must demand certainty. Why then didn’t Rep. Stupak and the pro life Democrats find out whether they could rely upon the President’s executive order to stop the taking of innocent life? As both the President and Stupak know the President’s executive order is a profane farce then, upon what law does Stupak rely to keep safe unborn children from the abortionist? The silence is deafening. How quickly has principle surrendered to expedience. Perhaps Rep. Stupak simply erred. But why then did he so fiercely excoriate Republicans who proposed an amendment to the Bill, framed precisely in the language of the first Stupak amendment— an amendment that would have protected unborn children from federal extinction? And if Democrats are of one mind with the President and believe therefore, that his executive order will prevent federal funding of abortions why did Rep. Stupak and the rest of the Democrats vote the Republican amendment down? Why have Democrats adamantly rejected an amendment to protect unborn children from abortion that presumably is in harmony with President O’Bama’s executive order? After the bill passed, Republicans introduced a motion that sought to send the bill back to committee and amend its abortion language using the kind of wording that Stupak originally wanted. Stupak spoke against the motion, leading to the shouts from some Republicans. Stupak told the chamber that the president's executive order would assure that "the sanctity of life is protected," and that the motion was "nothing more than an opportunity to continue to deny 32 million Americans health care.” For the Republicans to now claim that we send the bill back to committee under this guise of protecting life is disingenuous," Stupak said. "This motion is really to politicize life, not prioritize life.” The motion did not pass. CNN politics. Monday, March 22, 2010 From the beginning, President O’Bama and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi conceived out of the secular caverns of their radical vision a health care bill unmoved by facts or consequence. There they discovered the Bill would lower the deficit, bend the cost curve down, insure well over forty-five million Americans presently uninsured, eliminate billions in fraud, lower the cost of annual family health care premiums by $2500.00 and probably make us all immortal. But when well-researched and incontestable facts shattered their shtick, Democrats raised a stonewall against debate or challenges to their vision, flung racial or Nazi epithets at those who tried to debate and resorted in the end to shabby gimmickry. They wrung out of the Congressional Budget Office (CB0) an opinion would confirm their vision. But they know, as do all Americans, that the CBO’s findings, as they are constrained by the presumptions provided by the Democrats are nothing less than fiction. Tacitus wrote of the Romans They made a desert and called it peace. Just so would the Democrats make of America a welfare state and call her still a democracy. Their constituency, however, the American people detest hypocrisy. Americans also detest the arrogance of politicians who would defy the Constitution, the States and its people. Finally, the great majority of Americans want to protect unborn children from the abortionist. That’s why so many Americans placed their trust in Rep. Stupak—and in a President, remember, who promised that the Bill would not fund the aborting of unborn children. This too will pass, they think. So the President’s office has announced a unique media blitz will calm the circus rubes. The President will make lots of speeches. He will tell us that if we want to we can keep our old policy, our old doctor, that we will pay much less for health care, that the Bill will reduce the deficit, improve health care, particularly for the elderly presumably by striping five hundred billion dollars from Medicare. But wait, all this sounds too familiar. Must we hear this rot again? Perhaps not. Here is an American, Mitt Romney in A Campaign Begins Today. Today America has just witnessed an unconscionable abuse of power. President Obama has betrayed his oath to the nation — rather than bringing us together, ushering in a new kind of politics, and rising above raw partisanship, he has succumbed to the lowest denominator of incumbent power: justifying the means by extolling the ends. He promised better; we deserved better. he calls his accomplishment “historic” — in this he is correct, although not for the reason he intends. Rather, it is an historic usurpation of the legislative process — he unleashed the nuclear option, enlisted not a single Republican vote in either chamber, bribed reluctant members of his own party, paid-off his union backers, scapegoated insurers, and justified his act with patently fraudulent accounting. What Barrack Obama has ushered into the American political landscape is not good for our country; in the words of an ancient maxim, “what starts twisted, ends twisted.” His health-care bill is unhealthy for America. It raises taxes, slashes the more private side of Medicare, installs price controls, and puts a new federal bureaucracy in charge of health care. It will create a new entitlement even as the ones we already have are bankrupt. For these reasons and more, the act should be repealed. That campaign begins today. — Mitt Romney is the former governor of Massachusetts and author of No Apology03/22 09:24 AM It is time again to gird our loins, to fight, to screw our courage to the sticking place, to vow we will not fail, to cry havoc and let loose the dogs of war. After all, we are not undone nor will we be undone by the likes of Stupak and the President. Let us condemn this obscenity: The Democrats, the President and his Congress have breathed into life a law will serve up unborn children to the fatal attractions of abortion. What have they done! What have they done! What do you Think?
OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada’s government on Thursday proposed boosting a weekly payout for the jobless that would replace emergency COVID-19 income support that ends this weekend, a move that looks set to help the ruling Liberals win a parliamentary confidence vote. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is seeking the support of at least one opposition party on a sweeping agenda to battle COVID-19, help those hurt by it, and foster economic growth. Two of the three other parties in Parliament signaled rejection of the plan. But the left-leaning New Democrats, who demanded the increased payout, indicated they would support Trudeau, thus averting an election. “We are very optimistic about the outcome of these negotiations,” party leader Jagmeet Singh told reporters, adding he was talking with the government over his demand for paid sick leave. “It was never my goal to plunge the country into an election.” Canada’s current unemployment rate is 10.2%, up sharply from 5.6% in February, the last full month before the coronavirus outbreak hit. Employment Minister Carla Qualtrough told a news conference earlier on Thursday that Ottawa was proposing legislation that would make the new unemployment benefit equal to the emergency income support. Those eligible receive C$500 ($374.60) a week. The government had initially said it would offer C$400 a week for up to 26 weeks. Trudeau said on Wednesday that “this is not the time for austerity” and promised major new spending on top of the hundreds of billions of dollars he has already unveiled. “It’s true that this is expensive, but ... it will be even more expensive if we don’t do it,” Finance Minister Chrystia Freeland told the news conference on Thursday. Pressed on market concerns about the risk posed by soaring deficit and debt levels, she said interest rates were at a 100-year low. Reporting by David Ljunggren and Julie Gordon; Editing by David Gregorio and Peter Cooney Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
The Genome Science Education Program seeks to increase understanding and awareness of genomics research its applications to health and medicine and related societal issues. The program focuses on developing and disseminating Internet-based curricula for students (grades 7–12) and on teacher professional development. Curriculum modules are developed in collaboration with a cohort of 16 secondary life science master teachers who also pilot test materials in their classrooms. Each module includes animated and interactive online activities as well as “print-and-go” classroom activities; all are available on the Genetic Science Learning Center website. Completed modules include “Stem Cells in the Spotlight,” “Cloning in Focus,” “Gene Therapy: Molecular Bandage?” and “Pharmacogenomics: Drugs Designed for You.” The learning center’s website receives over 90000 visitors per week. Professional development programs for additional teachers aid in disseminating the curriculum modules. These include workshops at state and national science education conventions and as part of courses. In Fall 2004 the master teachers presented workshops utilizing the curricula they developed as part of a regional two-day “Genetics in the 21st Century” conference. Several programs seek to educate the adult public about the science of stem cells. Lecture series are presented each year with additional lectures to interested community groups. The learning center is collaborating with the Utah Museum of Natural History (UMNH) to develop a new exhibit “Stem Cells and You” that will be shown in Spring 2005. The exhibit will be available to travel to other venues after its run at UMNH. This project will expand existing genetics education programs at the University of Utah to increase understanding and awareness of genomics research its applications to health and medicine and related societal issues. The program will create an Internet-based curriculum for students (grades 7–12) and teachers teacher workshops a master teacher program and education programs for the public conducted jointly with the Utah Museum of Natural History. Inquiry-based interactive educational materials that survey the basics of molecular biology and genetics and also more advanced topics will be published on the Internet. The completion of the first draft of the human genome sequence has brought public attention to genome science raising questions about how advances in this field will affect health personal and societal issues. With current research evolving at an extraordinary pace however the gap between leading-edge research and the scientific literacy of the general public continues to expand. Located in the midst of genome proteome medical genetics and classical genetics and classical genetics research at the University of Utah the Genetic Science Learning Center (GSLC) is an established education program for teachers students and lay audiences. The goal of the GSC is to bridge this knowledge gap combining Internet-based educational materials with teacher professional development workshops and public courses to increase genetics literacy and enabling individuals to make informed decisions. The Genome Science Education Program (GSEP) represents a continuation of this effort. This multifaceted approach to genome science education and awareness will explore genome science research and its applications in medicine and society providing a rich educational experience for teachers students in grades 7–12 and the lay public. Multidisciplinary working groups will develop the programs in layers with up-to-date units presented yearly in the areas of genome science technology genomic approaches to common disease and human traits genomic approaches to evolution studies and ethical legal and social issues related to genome science. Inquiry-based interactive educational materials that survey the basics of molecular biology and genetics and delve deeper into more advanced topics will be published free of charge on the Internet. In-house and outreach teacher training workshops will utilize and supplement Internet materials to further professional development of science teachers in Utah the Intermountain region and nationwide. Public courses conducted in partnership with the Utah Museum of Natural History will bring a human face to genetics research presenting genome science in an accessible and engaging way. Built-in formative evaluation at every stage of the program will provide critical feedback for improving content delivery and usability of educational materials. The GSEP project represents the development and functional testing of an innovative model for improving the science literacy of teachers student and the lay public. Secondary school teachers and students, general public Genetics, genomics, stem cells, cloning, designer drugs Associated SEPA Project(s) Scientific Thinking and Internet Learning Technologies R25RR015650 : 09/30/2000 - 08/31/2005 Genome Science for Health: Web-based Curricula for Biology – Phase I & II R25RR023288 : 09/15/2006 - 06/30/2011 Inside Your Body: Web-based Curricula for Secondary Science R25RR032174-01 : 08/01/2011 - 04/30/2016 Genes and Microbes: Engaging Students and Teachers in NGSS-aligned Curricula and Professional Development R25OD021903-01 : 06/01/2016 - 05/31/2021
It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker. Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool. Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker. I just wanted to put it out here because we discuss really many fancy ideas around here, without really getting it. originally posted by: Peeple I'm binge watching the Tube and found this It's fun to watch with many smart people giving talks about the fundamental truths of science.
In 2016, the number of deaths of refugees and migrants crossing the Mediterranean hit an all-time high. CSR & Sustainability The coffee industry touches more people than almost any other industry across the world. Globally, people drink more than two billion cups every day. An increasingly large number of multi-national corporations (MNCs) are actively assuming their responsibility to demonstrate their respect for human rights in the workplace, not just within the “four walls” of their own premises, but both upstream As head of public relations and communications at the Bulgarian branch of utilities conglomerate CEZ, Maria Doychinova has witnessed the increased scope for environmental factors on potential crisis situations. The other day I was having lunch with my close friend Ingrid. A few years ago she had the idea to design a bag-in-bag system to help professional women like me manage the ‘busyness’ of our daily lives. It is no secret that businesses are challenged almost on a daily basis by the pace of change happening in their environment. Though corporate social responsibility (CSR) was once sneered at as public relations activities fuelled largely by extra company dollars, it will someday catalyse the next step in the evolution of the world’s corporations. Until recently, supporting biodiversity was a call from conservationists; for companies it was regarded as cheque book philanthropy.
Hi there everyone! I have been less active lately on my blog and I’m really sorry for that! I’m currently working on getting a bunch of reviews up and ready to go, hopefully I’ll get those finished! Even though school just started, I already have several things to complete, so I’m kind of behind on things. Anyway, I’m back with another tag for you guys: the TBR book tag, in which the lovely Josie from Josie’s Book Corner has tagged me, (in the comments)! TBR means, in case you didn’t know, ‘to-be-read’. My TBR is over the moon honestly, I have waaaay to many books that I have yet to read. So this tag is great! Anywho, let’s get on with the tag! How do you keep track of your TBR pile? Goodreads!!! I don’t know what I’d do without Goodreads. I have tons of books on my TBR and I usually just keep track of everything from there! However, there are times where I hear of a book, write it down somewhere, telling myself I’ll add it to my Goodreads shelf, but end up forgetting to. This happens more times than I care to admit, (and as a result I’m sure I have a lot of books on my TBR written on paper that I have yet to add to Goodreads) but for the most part Goodreads is my best friend when it comes to my TBR. Is your TBR mostly print or eBook? Both, I think. In past years it probably would’ve been ebook, but as I’ve been increasing my physical book buying (wonderful for my shelves, terrible for my wallet) it’s kind of evened out now and I have a lot of print and ebooks waiting to be read. How do you determine which book from your TBR to read next? It’s a pretty spontaneous decision, really! Sometimes I choose books I have recently hauled, sometimes books that have been really hyped, and sometimes it’s just really up to my mood! Feeling down about something? Cheesy contemporary it is! Wanting some action? A thriller or fantasy! You get the idea. If I have review copies I usually try to give those priority as well. A book that’s been on your TBR list the longest? Huh. This is a hard one! I have no idea, but I would say Mansfield Park by Jane Austen. It’s one of the only Jane Austen books I haven’t read, and I have been meaning to for a while! A book you recently added to your TBR? Will you just look at this book! The Legend of Me by Rebekah L. Purdy is slated to be released on Februaray 2016, and I will surely be keeping my eye out for this one! A book on your TBR strictly because of it’s beautiful cover? The Last of the Firedrakes by Farah Oomerbhoy has such a beautiful cover! It looks so magical and has a very fairytail-istic look to it that I just love. I don’t know much about the story, but this book is definitely on my TBR. (LOL quite superficial of me, but you can’t just look at this cover and resist it! Not if you’re like me, at least. <3) A book on your TBR that you never plan on reading? Possession by Elana Johnson seems like an interesting novel, but I just don’t think I’ll ever be reading this one! Mostly just due to time priorities, and just lack of interest compared to other books. There IS still a chance I will read this one day, but I have no plans of that in the near future. Though if you read and liked this book, maybe one of you guys will change my mind! An unpublished book on your TBR that you’re excited for? ALL THE UNBUBLISHED BOOKSSSS. Kidding. Not really. There are so many awesome-seeming unpublished books that I am dying to have in my hands right now! Winter by Marissa Meyer, Six of Crows by Leigh Bardugo, The Winner’s Kiss by Marie Rutkoski, Ten Thousand Skies Above You by Claudia Gray, First & Then by Emma Mills are just few of the books that I can’t wait to get my hands on! I love how 4/5 of these are sci-fi, fantasy and all that, and I only have one book that is contemporary… there are a bunch more that I wish I could put in here, but if I do we’ll be here until Christmas. 😉 A book on your TBR that everyone has read but you? Honestly, I feel as if every single bookworm has read Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins. It’s like some kind of unspoken rule or something! It’s everywhere. Don’t know when I’ll be getting around to this, but I will give it a try for sure. A book on your TBR that everyone recommends to you? Maybe not everyone because everyone hasn’t read this book, but a lot of people has recommended The Young Elites by Marie Lu and I really want to read it! Especially since I’ve also read and loved Marie Lu’s Legend trilogy. A book on your TBR that you’re dying to read? The Queen of the Tearling by Erika Johansen seems soooo good and I honestly am dying to read it. And if I’m not mistaken, this book is even slated for a movie (not much planned yet though) and Emma Watson has shown interest in it! Ahhhhhhh!!!! Although I haven’t heard much on this news lately, you can check out this link for more details. Everyone and their mother has seemed to like this book, so I can’t wait to read it sometime. How many books are on your Goodreads TBR shelf? More than I’ll ever be able to read, I’m sure, since I have 1095 books (last time I checked, at least) on my Goodreads TBR shelf!! I just never seem to be able to stop adding books to my TBR. Not to mention that this 1095 isn’t even the whole thing; I have a bunch of other books I need to add to my Goodreads shelf that I haven’t done yet. So, yes! Clearly I am unable to comprehend that I already have more books than I will ever need since I keep adding even more all the time. XD I know I tagged a lot of people in my Summer Reader Book Tag, so I will try to tag other people this time, but feel free to do this tag if you want to! I’ll even add your name to the post if you want to do it—just let me know in the comments below and consider it done! ❤ This was a super fun tag so it would be great if you wanted to do it as well. - Aentee @ Read at Midnight - Alicia @ The Cyborg Knight - Alyssa @ Alyssa is Reading - Anette @ Anette Reads - Anne @ Anne-thology of Books - Arianna @ The Daydreaming Bookworm - Bhramori @ The Crazy Perfectionist - Bree @ The Literary Hellion - Charis @ Bookmarked Ponderings - Dee @ The Bookish Khaleesi - Jane @ Greenish Bookshelf - Kendra @ Reads and Treats - Nicolette @ A Little Bookish, A Little Writerly - Olivia @ Bibliomad - Qui @ Qui Reads - Samantha @ Bookish Library - Sara @ Freadom Library - Sumaya @ Sue’s Reading Corner - Victoria @ Addlepates and Book Nerds - Yvo @ It’s All About Books - Zezee @ Zezee with Books No one is obligated to do this tag, but if you do, great! ❤ Just link back so I can come check it out. What did you think of my choices? Let me know in the comments!
Team wins 23 of 27 matches By Raymundo Frasquillo DUNCAN – The Brenda Carabeo-coached Morenci boys tennis captured the title in the four-team 2017 H.T. Clothier Invitational Tournament on Saturday, March 4, to conclude its initial week of competition. The Wildcats won 23 of 27 matches for a total of 23 points; runner-up Tombstone Yellow Jackets had 16, while the host Duncan Wildkats had 14, and the St. David Tigers one. Morenci (4-0) defeated St. David, 9-0, and both Duncan and Tombstone by identical 7-2 scores. Tombstone edged Duncan, 5-4, and blanked St. David, 9-0. Duncan bested St. David, 8-1. Individually, sophomore Matthew Garcia (4-0) at No. 1, senior Marcus Aguallo (4-0) at No. 3 and junior Luis Tejada (4-0) at No. 5 each went 3-0 to win singles titles, while the duos of sophomores Tanner Hudman and Andrew Vigil at No. 1 plus Garcia and Aguallo at No. 2 both won three doubles pairings. The other singles winners were Tombstone No. 2 Adam Sebastian and No. 4 Jon Michael Bulan plus Duncan No. 6 Lucas Basteen. The Wildkats’ No. 3 doubles team of Nate Rapier and Basteen also finished in first place. Morenci downed the Cowboys, 8-1, in Willcox during the season opener March 2. Morenci at DHS tourney The Wildcats won 8-9 doubles matches plus 15-18 singles matches during the all-day Duncan tourney. Garcia’s wins were 6-0 over Steve Daley of St. David, 6-1 over Nathan Jones of Duncan, and 7-3 in the tie-breaker after a 6-6 deadlock with Joey Schaub of Tombstone; Aguallo’s wins were 6-0 overt Thomas Haynie of Saint David, 6-2 over Nate Rapier of Duncan, and 6-4 over Alberto Garcia of Tombstone and Tejada’s wins were by forfeit over St. David, 6-4 over Jose Saiz of Duncan, and 6-1 over Bobby Phillips of Tombstone. The Hudman – Vigil duo (3-1) defeated Daley – Jun Hung of St. David 7-4 in the tie-breaker after a 6-6 deadlock, Jones – Hunter Rapier of Duncan 6-2, and Schaub – Bulan of Tombstone 7-5 and the Garcia – Aguallo duo (3-0) posted wins over St. David by forfeit, 6-3 over Nate Rapier – Saiz of Duncan and 7-3 in a tie-breaker over Sebastian – Garcia of Tombstone after a 6-6 deadlock. Singles No. 2 Hudman (3-1) shutout Hung of St. David and Hunter Rapier of Duncan, both 6-0, before succumbing 2-6 to Sebastian of Tombstone; No. 4 Vigil gained a forfeit from St. David, downed Chase Carnes of Duncan, 6-1, and was edged 7-5 in the tie-breaker to Bulan of Tombstone after a 6-6 deadlock and No. 6 Shaun Espinoza also gained a forfeit from St. David, fell 1-6 to Basteen of Duncan and blanked Sebastian Merlos of Tombstone. The No. 3 duo of Tejada – Espinoza (2-1) also gained a forfeit from St. David, fell 4-6 to Nate Rapier – Basteen of Duncan and defeated Phillips Merlos of Tombstone, 6-4. Morenci at Willcox All six singles and two of three doubles matches resulted in Morenci wins. Garcia and No. 3 Vigil both had 8-6 wins over sophomore Chase Childers and senior David Krause, respectively. Hudman and No. 4 Ryan Williams (1-0) both had 9-7 wins over juniors Javier Garcia and Oliver Rodriguez, respectively. Tejada downed senior Mark Rios, 8-5, and No. 6 Aguallo received a forfeit. Garcia – Aguallo prevailed 9-7 over Krause – Rodriguez, No. 3 Williams – Tejada (1-0) received a forfeit and Hudman – Vigil fell 4-8 to Childers – Garcia.
While our studio is a free-flowing creative design space, getting out to trade shows, exhibitions and soaking up the autumnal sights and sounds that surround us is a great way to remain inspired and mindful of innovative trends and new product launches. We’ve collected a few of this season’s top trends and share our tips on how you can incorporate them into your home. Everyone at some point has stared at a room thinking “something is missing”. One of the primary ways to remedy this is by using layers of texture. Whether it’s in front of you or you’re looking at it in the pages of a magazine or on a website, a room infused with layers of texture has an eye-catching and undeniable tactile aesthetic. Using an amalgamation of rough and smooth finishes and metallics can add warmth and character, while also providing contrast and depth to completely transform or update a space. Take the opportunity to get creative, play around with different types of texture to create warmth, depth and character in your home. Using leather with woven fabrics is a key example of these complementary layers. Other elements that work well are chunky woven rugs, a cashmere throw or luxurious velvet sofa or cushions. RWD expert tip: A rich textured rug can create a brilliant foundation upon which the other elements of a room can be built to create a balanced yet luxurious design scheme. The metallic industrial look has long been a favourite in interior design, but the newest trend emerging showcases the softer side of warmer metals to add visual interest and depth to a room. Elements such as brass, gold and copper accents can provide a subtle glow or provide the perfect contrast to highlight a specific feature in the room. Mixing up the colours and textures with grounded natural elements like wood or iron can offer a modern industrial touch and add a grounded element to your palette to ensure the total scheme looks flawless. Introducing aged brass light fittings is one of the more popular updates. Reupholstering an existing piece of furniture in a tactile velvet with antique brass details is another way to nod towards one of the year’s hottest trends. RWD expert tip: As trends move on, as they inevitably do, you can simply change your accessories to create an entirely new look. From the Greek word monochromos, meaning ‘having one colour’, monochrome is interior design’s timeless choice. Choosing a sleek, striking and elegant monochrome scheme with the use of layering, texture and mixed materials encapsulates harmony and balance in a room. Textured wallpapers, metallic finishes and faux fur throws can be used to add plenty of texture to a room. Use monochromatic graphic patterns, such as stripes and chevrons, to draw the eye to a room’s unique feature. RWD expert tip: Stripes are a fantastic way to add instant energy to a room as well as bringing a sense of drama to a space. Clean lines provide a structure which can be enhanced with contrasting patterns and colours. Green: the colour synonymous with nature. Psychologists have found that it’s a soothing colour, often making people feel relaxed and refreshed. From olive to darker hues such as deep forest, there is a wide colour palette to saturate your design scheme. Velvet upholstery, textured wallpaper and carefully curated accessories such as rugs and lampshades are the perfect way to subtly introduce nature’s palette into a room. When paired with foliage, real or artificial, you can create a space that will improve your mood, even in the depths of the colder months. RWD expert tip: If you feel the need to ring the seasonal changes, but aren’t ready for a complete interior redesign, refresh the look of your interior scheme with new accessories for the perfect injection of colour, texture and character.
The Text Me stamp set is full of fun sayings that are perfect for cards to friends when you just want to say hello. And rather than just include one message on the card, I decided to showcase eight different sayings that all work great together. I started out with a panel of white cardstock and stamped the "hey girl" message in black ink where I wanted it to be. Then stamped some of the smaller sentiments above and below in a rainbow of colors. The colors of ink I used from top to bottom are: Crimson, Rose Madder, Tangerine, Green Apple, Intense Black, Aegean, Aquatic and Orchid. Next, I trimmed a diagonal line on the top and bottom of the white panel and then adhered it to a strip of black cardstock that was the same width. The background was stamp with the Blanket Pattern Bold Prints using Aegean ink on a Pool Folded Card. I added a strip of Mandarin Layering Paper to the right side of the card base and then adhered the stamped panel with foam adhesive. I finished off the card with some black enamel dots made with Ranger Enamel Accents. Thanks for stopping by today! Click HERE to sign up if you don't have an account.
Registered Process Servers San Fernando Valley Our San Fernando Valley California Process Servers 'don't take no for an answer'! Our clients expect this this kind of dedication and professionalism, which is why they keep coming back to Amstar Express process servers for their process serving requirements, time and again! Our network of process servers can perform process serving in any county in California. So if you''re looking for a Los Angeles Process Server or a Ventura Process Server or any county in California...we're a phone call away! 'Proweb' tracking of your San Fernando Valley California Process Server request is provided with this service! Click 'here' to learn more! Nationwide Process Serving Just because the guy you need served, moved to New York, You've got better things to do than try and hunt down a process server you can trust to get the job done. Did you know that a Los Angeles County Process Server or Ventura County Process Server must in most cases, serve out of state papers in a different manner as the Los Angeles Process Server or Ventura Process Server would serve a California paper? Our staff is aware of these differences we stay informed of these nuances so our process server gets the assignment done correctly! The same applies with California papers served in other states. We are well connected with excellent process servers in every state. Let Amstar Express handle your out of state process serving assignments with one phone call, we will handle the rest. Worldwide Process Serving The difference between process serving laws in foreign countries and the United States is often very significant. Amstar Express is well connected to process servers specializing in the legal nuances of process serving of documents in other countries. Rest assured, our network of process server experts are doing the best job possible! 'Proweb' tracking is provided with this type of process serving at no additional charge! Click 'here' to learn more! What Can We Serve? Our San Fernando Valley California Process Servers can serve Summons and Complaints, Summons and Petitions (Divorce Papers), Child Custody, Small Claims, Plaintiffs Claim and Order to go to Small Claims Court (SC100), Defendants Claim and Order to Go to Small Claims Court (SC120), Subpoena for Personal Appearance, Subpoena for Records, Temporary Restraining Orders (DV-110), Order to Show Cause (OSC), Notice of Hearings, Writs of Execution, Bank Levies, Writs of Attachment, Family Law Documents, Unlawful Detainers, Wage Garnishments, Eviction Notices, 3/30 day notice to pay or quit, Order for Examination (ORAP), Out of State Papers and many others. 'Proweb' On-Line Tracking Information when YOU need it! With legal cases, in is far better to be 'Pro-Active' rather than re-active! With our 'Proweb' system you can now track the status of your service of process assignments via our website, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. This service is included with your San Fernando Valley California Process Server or process serving request at no additional charge to all our clients! Click 'here' to learn more! Toll Free: 888-778-2711 * Fax: 805-777-1115 Process Servers - Messenger Services Court Services - Delivery Services Los Angeles * San Fernando Valley * Conejo Valley * Ventura Better Business Bureau A+ Rated & Accredited
Rebecca Roberts questions the use of language in criminal justice and introduces comments from Frances Crook, Jonathan Simon, Mike Nellis, Lizzie Seal, Simon Pemberton and Nils Christie The proliferation of ‘criminal justice talk’ – the number of words that are spoken and written about ‘crime’ and ‘criminal justice’ – in politics, media outlets, academia, and public policy is ever increasing and ever more widely accessible. This ‘debating’ section attempts to kick off a discussion about the use of criminal justice language which we can hopefully continue within the pages of cjm as well as through our Works for Freedom website. The idea for this came from discussions at the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies about the language we use in our day-to-day work. Whether it is drafting a strategic plan or funding application, writing up research or, indeed, editing cjm , we have to think carefully about language in the communication of ideas and engaging in public debate. At one level, it should be easy – just say what you see and do it in simple and easily understood terms. However, this is more challenging when attempting to foster critical thinking about issues relating to crime and justice. In an arena so dominated by stereotypes, prejudices, and mystification about how the system operates and who or what it targets, it seemed relevant to open up a discussion on this. So, we approached a number of writers to ask for their views. Frances Crook, Jonathan Simon, and Mike Nellis look at the uses and abuses of the term ‘offender’. Crook argues that the label is demeaning and counterproductive and calls on the voluntary sector to lead the way in challenging the use of language about people caught up in the criminal justice system. Jonathan Simon is also critical of the term ‘offender’ and takes issue with describing people by one aspect of their behaviour and discusses some alternatives. Mike Nellis defends the use of ‘offender’ in probation practice and highlights its popularisation in the 1960s as an alternative to terms such as ‘criminal’ and ‘delinquent’. Nellis argues that ‘treating people with respect and dignity regardless of what they have done, and finding words to match, is always important, but not necessarily straightforward’. Lizzie Seal looks at representations of women accused of murder and how they are often framed in terms of ‘perverse’ sexuality in a bid to emphasise their apparent deviation from the ‘norm’. Nils Christie and Simon Pemberton look at crime and harm. Christie highlights the increasing number of acts that are defined as criminal and the negative impact of social isolation and distance in terms of framing behaviour and actions, and how they are subsequently interpreted and dealt with. Simon Pemberton argues that we should look beyond individual acts and ‘offences’ and use a social harm approach to interpret and interrogate social structures and how they create and reproduce harm. It would be difficult to institute timeless and unchanging rules about what language can and cannot be used. New terms that may seem value free can soon become coopted and value laden. The popularity of words and phrases will shift over time – for good and bad. In reflecting on the discussion in the debating section, the message that comes through is the importance of being searching and reflective in our use of language. In conclusion, I offer three possible things to consider when engaging in discussion and debate about criminal justice. The first is the human aspect – remembering at all times that when we talk about offenders, victims, deviants, criminals, or research subjects – all are human beings first. Secondly, it is important to encourage accuracy in defining our terms of reference. For example, there is a strong tendency towards talking about crime and criminal justice in very loose terms. Are we talking about all illegal acts? If not, which ones are we particularly interested in, and why? Those that come to the attention of the police? Are we talking about shoplifting or sexual assault or widespread harmful and illegal practices of the banking sector? When we talk about ‘offenders’, who and what are we talking about? The final point is about how best to foster and encourage critical understanding – thinking critically about the implications of using certain terms and the assumptions underlying them. Viewing certain social ‘problems’ through a ‘crime’ lens tends to imply the criminal justice system as the primary mechanism through which certain social ‘problems’ are viewed and dealt with. Exploring and debating definitions is more than a merely ‘academic’ exercise. From an early age we are given words and labels to describe the world around us. They are important tools to help interpret and explain our surroundings and feelings – the concrete and abstract. At one level, a common sense approach of using language that those around us understand needs no explanation. But, the words and phrases we use contain signals about gender, class, power, and the nature of social relations. If we want to understand criminal justice it is also important to understand the way in which the public discourse about it is constructed – and to encourage reflective and critical discussion. This is not a call for stripping away meaning from words. As emphasised by Stan Cohen (1985) in studying the professional discourse around social control, he calls for an exploration of what he describes as ‘Controltalk’ – and warns against overly sanitising the language we use. Making coercive interventions sound non-coercive and ‘nice’, it can help to obscure the harsh realities of confinement and control. But ultimately, the point is to be careful in our use of language, because as Cohen argues, ‘such a project of self awareness might help to clarify the moral, tactical and political choices in working out a policy… I would always prefer a form of justice in which values, conflicts and injustices become open and visible’ (Cohen, 1985). It's not so much the words themselves that are good or bad. It is their meaning and associations that matter. Social problems exist as do the people that experience them – how we name and frame these problems and the people involved is important and should be at the forefront of our thinking when engaging in research, policy, and public debate. Labelling people as offenders is demeaning and counter-productive by Frances Crook A summer article in The Guardian reported on recent research from the UK Drugs Policy Commission that the use of stigmatising terms such as ‘junkie’ was a major obstacle to recovery for problem drug users. This can hardly be a surprise to anyone who has worked with people with any sort of health, mental health, or social problem, however, it may be a revelation to politicians. For too long it is has been easy for politicians to treat certain sections of the population as ‘other’, implying that they are less than human. Insulting labels that define the action or illness as if it defines the whole person inhibit that individual from confronting the problem and moving on; just as importantly, the label prevents us from understanding as it becomes all we see. The Howard League conducted in-depth interviews with young adults in prison a few years ago, and they told us clearly that the first step towards a crime-free life was no longer to be labelled an offender. They had to see themselves as something different, and other people had to help them make that transition. Someone who commits an offence is not an offender; they are someone who has done something. The action does not define the whole person. They may also do good things and they will certainly fit into other categories that can offer a different definition like parent or friend. By insisting that the offence overcomes all other parts of the person we are condemning them to a sub-human category for whom there is no hope. The last government created a whole industry of services for offenders. There are skills for offenders, education for offenders, and work for offenders. Huge numbers of people are employed to deliver services at these unfortunate people. Of course, it was part of the scheme of things that offenders are not deserving of having any say in the quality or style of services, as they have had their citizenship diluted to the point of abstraction. It is time to move away from this so that the criminal justice system itself and its terminology are circumscribed. People who have committed offences have just the same right to education and employment as anyone else, and whilst they do face additional and sometimes extraordinary challenges, redressing that should simply be built into all mainstream provision. Just as the language about disability has been transformed and services have been adapted to include people with disabilities, so our language about people who have committed offences must change. It is up to the voluntary sector to lead the way. A strategy for writing in criminology and law and society work by Jonathan Simon Anyone writing in criminology or law and society scholarship in the post labelling/Foucault generations is generally haunted by the problem of what to call the subjects of criminal justice processing and punishment (as you can see I'm fighting myself to delay the moment when it becomes incumbent). We know that when we move from an adjective for conduct to using that adjective for the name of the subjects we are associating with that conduct (whether by legal or scientific procedure) we are producing a potentially consequential ‘truth effect’ that we are, however modestly involved in what Ian Hacking memorably called ‘making people up’. The two most famous/infamous are criminal and homosexual. To take the latter first, the move from describing sexual conduct as ‘homosexual’, meaning between two people of the same sex, to talking about ‘homosexuals’ involves the assumption that the conduct defines a constitutive characteristic of the subject involved such that whether that person is an out Gay man engaged in full and open life within a big city Gay community, or a married Tory minister involved in an occasional and discrete liaison with a handsome young protégé, there is a continuity of character strong enough to be the defining identity of that person. When we move from describing conduct as ‘criminal’ to speaking of a person as a ‘criminal’, we are likewise assuming a sovereign character trait that can be traced into the subject's developmental past, and used to predict their future behaviour. The fact that many and probably most contemporary social scientists would feel uncomfortable making this kind of transfer of meaning is a dramatic shift from the early and even mid-twentieth century forms of social science. It divides us from our ancestors who felt their job was making people up correctly (think about Lombroso as well as his competitors) and it is a tremendous legacy for the generation of scholars that included Michel Foucault, David Matza, Howard Becker, and Jeffrey Weeks just to name a few. Yet, many of us do it in language. The solution, promoted for years now by activists and lawyers is to talk about ‘people engaged in homosexual conduct’ or ‘people engaged in criminal conduct’. This works fine enough conceptually, but it leaves us with a writing problem. Using the formulation, ‘people engaged in criminal conduct’ over and over again, in an article about people who commit crimes, is wearying. Since I do not see a good conceptual way out of this problem, I prefer to adopt some writing strategies. Since ‘people’ or ‘men’ or ‘women’ etc. ‘engaged in criminal conduct’ deconstructs the very idea of a ‘criminal type’, it buys us some freedom to use other words for literary benefit, so long as we are careful not to choose words that affirmatively mystify but reinvesting in the made up subject of crime. Thus it seems fine to me to refer to ‘defendants’, ‘convicts’, or ‘prisoners’, when those more or less legal terms appropriately apply (throw in arrestee, detainee). Unlike the dreaded ‘al’ terms, terms ending in ‘ts’ or ‘rs’ are a well know and comfortable way of referring to people by their ‘occupations’. We talk about lawyers, doctors, dentists, and bankers at will, without fear we are making subjects up. Our culture retains the sense that one's occupation is an important but not defining source of identity. The productive sociological notion of a ‘career’ once again recommends this. We can think of someone's time in prison, or time engaged in criminal behaviour, as a part of a career in the sense of a body of experience that helps to structure their future but does not determine it. Using language in practice by Mike Nellis When the term ‘offender’ was popularised by Nacro (the National Association for the Care and Resettlement of Offenders) in the 1960s it was talked up on the understanding that it was less moralistic and less stigmatising than ‘criminal’ or ‘delinquent’, less portentous than ‘lawbreaker’ and less condescending than ‘probationer’. It wasn't new, but of the limited range of words around, it was relatively neutral in its connotations. It has remained surprisingly serviceable in this respect, relatively immune to the infusions of loathing and contempt that can indeed poison our penal vocabularies. The tabloids rarely use it; except when prefaced by ‘sex’, it's not a term that's easily freighted with outrage or hate. Like ‘prisoner’ (which has never been fully displaced by the euphemism ‘inmate’) ‘offender’ has retained a simple literal meaning – someone who has committed an offence. As such, it provides minimal linguistic justification for the formal, court-ordered involvement of a probation officer in a person's life, in a way that both the old term ‘client’ and the newer term ‘service user’ shy away from. From a probation standpoint, no one is ever an ‘offender’ and nothing more. It denotes what people are, not just what they do, but it's not a totalising identity. Other facets of their lives and personalities can remain in play around and alongside it – father, daughter, partner, comedian, mate, cook, dancer, builder, whatever – all as much if not more important than the often temporary status of ‘offender’. To consider, or even call, someone an ‘offender’ does not intrinsically preclude thinking of them as a complex and vulnerable person or feeling warmly or respectful towards them. It does not necessarily impede empathy or limit one's capacity to imagine what it might be like to be them, or even to imagine doing what they have done – though that does depend somewhat on what the offence was. It need not mean that someone who has offended may not also be, or have been, a victim or survivor. Treating people with respect and dignity regardless of what they have done, and finding words to match, is always important, but not necessarily straightforward. Sentimentality and the anodyne, sanitising language that goes with it is as much to be avoided as the moralism which insidiously humiliates and imprisons people in roles and identities from which they need to distance themselves if they are to live good lives. There are probably no words that are entirely immune from debasement in some form or context – and some words that probation has toyed with, like ‘perpetrator’, were doomed from the start – but for now ‘offender’ retains its utility in the complex ‘identity work’ that probation officers do with people who have committed crimes. Different people need different responses. Some who come the way of probation shamelessly disavow criminal identities – rapist, for example – and need pressing to accept that aspect of who they are, as a precursor to taking responsibility for harm done. Others spend lifetimes sombrely regretting that they once committed murder, indelibly stained in their own eyes. Yet others may never have had – or had and rejected – conventional familial or occupational identities, and actually draw strength and purpose from an overriding criminal, sometimes violent, identity, preferring to be more feared than loved. They may resent and disdain the efforts of well-meaning probation officers to get them to think differently about themselves, and even if they do desist, may never fully repudiate what they have been in the past – anymore than the rest of us can. One can be an ‘ex-offender’ (or even an ‘ex-con’) without losing self-respect. Women, murder and narratives of femininity by Lizzie Seal The language used to portray women accused of murder is frequently lurid and stereotypical. It can be especially shocking when women stand accused of such crimes as it violates idealised notions of femininity as conformist and nurturing. A recent example is the fascination sparked by the trial and conviction of Amanda Knox, a young American woman, for the sexual assault and murder of British exchange student, Meredith Kercher, in Perugia, Italy. Meredith was killed in 2007, although the convictions of Amanda and her Italian boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, were not secured until 2009. A story about Amanda Knox posted on the Daily Mail's website describes her as having a ‘wild, raunchy past’, which included drinking and soft drug use, and quotes university acquaintances who label her a ‘man-eater’. Amanda's supposed sexual insatiability was also central to the Italian prosecution's argument that she stabbed Meredith to death after Meredith refused to participate in a sex game with Raffaele and another man, Rudy Guede. The perceived link between abnormal or excessive sexuality in women and a capacity for violence is an enduring one. Martha Beck and her boyfriend, Raymond Fernandez, were executed in New York in 1951 for murdering two women and a child. They were known as the ‘Lonely Hearts Killers’ because they found their victims through the personal ads. Important to the trial was Martha's argued sexual perversity, evidenced by her enjoyment of oral sex. The 1958 English case of Yvonne Jennion, who was found guilty of murdering her aunt, revolved around discussion of her sexuality and whether as a ‘female homosexual’ she could be regarded as a psychopathic personality (Seal, 2010). The recurrence of sexual deviance as an explanation for violence by women means that it can be understood as a ‘stock story’ that perpetuates restrictive views of acceptable female sexuality. Although doubts surround the safety of Amanda Knox's conviction, the use of stereotypical narratives of femininity in the media and criminal justice system is not troubling solely because it may contribute to a wrongful conviction. In the case of Yvonne Jennion it was the defence that sought to prove she was a psychopathic personality in order to win a verdict of manslaughter instead of murder (it did not succeed). The stories told during and about cases of murder communicate the values and assumptions of the era in which they take place – in the 1950s, ‘homosexuality’ was considered abnormal. The language used in the cases of Amanda Knox, Martha Beck, and Yvonne Jennion provides us with information about norms of femininity – what is perceived as the correct and appropriate behaviour for women. What counts as acceptable or deviant does, of course, change according to place and time. It would be unlikely that a woman's enjoyment of oral sex would be offered as an example of her ‘perversity’ in a murder trial in the present-day United States. Disagreement over the language employed to describe the gender of women accused of murder also highlights the shifting boundaries of appropriateness. The portrayal of Amanda Knox as sexually ‘promiscuous’ has been contested, with many arguing that her supposedly ‘wild’ lifestyle was neither shocking nor unusual, but normal behaviour for a 20 year old university student. Stories of women accused of murder are a cultural barometer of assumptions and arguments about the meanings of gender. Social harm and the politics of capitalist crisis by Simon Pemberton Language is fundamental to how we reach an understanding of the harms we face in our daily lives. Indeed powerful ideologies, such as crime, exist to tell us exactly what and whom we should fear, with these discourses focused disproportionately on the least powerful groups in our society. Such discourses serve to draw our attention from the very serious harms produced by the state and corporate organisations and the damaging behaviours of the powerful. Yet, as the current recession highlights, the very organisation of our society in accordance with specific vested interests, can also produce serious and widespread harms, such as poverty, unemployment, and homelessness. The language of responsibility constructed in relation to structural harms is crucial to our understanding of their causes and how we should best respond to them. Such discussions, in the wake of the credit crunch have been inevitably highly politicised, as they necessarily entail subjecting the very organisation of our societies to scrutiny. The terms of this debate have shifted dramatically. Thus, whilst critiques surfaced following the credit crunch in relation to ‘casino capitalism’ these soon passed and were replaced by calls to reform a ‘bloated and costly’ public sector. Ironically, what began as a critique of neo-liberal forms of capitalist organisation, have been turned full circle to re-affirm the central tenets of this ideology providing the basis on which the social state may be dismantled – the very structures that could serve to ameliorate the impact of the harms detailed above. Underpinning the prevailing neo-liberal language of responsibility is a set of assumptions about intentionality drawn from the liberal philosopher, Friedrich Hayek. For Hayek, market outcomes could not be considered unjust as the harms that result from them are unintended; for example, poor business decisions that result in unemployment. Furthermore, Hayek argued, as no consensus could ever be reached over the reallocation of social resources to ameliorate the consequences of harmful market consequences, there remains no just basis for a state to interfere in such outcomes. Whilst, Hayek's logic has not been followed to its ultimate conclusion in this instance, it clearly influences the current ‘common sense’ position toward the role of the state. An important critique of these ideas can be found in the work of Raymond Plant, which asserts that structural harms should be considered to be unjust, exactly because they are foreseeable and, therefore, preventable. To illustrate this point, in anticipation of the public sector cuts to be announced in the Comprehensive Spending Review, a number of analyses have demonstrated the harms that will result, alongside those communities that will bear the brunt of these cuts (see, for example, the Institute for Fiscal Studies Briefing Note BN108 and the TUC report Where the Money Goes). Given the awareness of these analyses, these potential structural harms are entirely foreseeable and, indeed, avoidable. They are avoidable exactly because alternative policy options are available to the coalition. Rather, it would appear that these harms are considered the ‘price worth paying’ to satisfy the demands of the international credit rating agencies. However, we should remind ourselves that other nations are running larger public debts than our own and have not felt the need to acquiesce to such demands. Alternative policy options exist, however, the construction of the current crisis serves to promote the interests of the financial markets at the expense of the vulnerable. …powerful ideologies, such as crime, exist to tell us exactly what and whom we should fear, with these discourses focused disproportionately on the least powerful groups in our society. Crime does not exist by Nils Christie Words can create bridges between people: beautiful and useful bridges that bring ideas, emotions, and understanding back and forth. But words can also function as barriers. Some words are so big that they contain everything, and therefore nothing. We do not understand more when such concepts are used; we understand less and give thereby free room for manoeuvre to all sorts of political or professional authorities. ‘Crime’ is one of these words. We do not understand more by using this concept, we understand less. If we want to create a type of society where citizens participate, we need to describe deplorable acts in minute detail and with small words from the daily vocabulary. Acts do not simply exist, they become. For all acts, including those seen by most people as unwanted, there are dozens of possible alternative ways of understanding them – bad, mad, evil, misplaced honour, youth bravado, political heroism – or crime. The ‘same’ acts can thus be met within several parallel systems as judicial, psychiatric, pedagogical, theological – or simply by understandings valid among family and friends. Social and/or physical distance is of particular importance in how we attach meaning to particular acts. Persons close to me are mostly not seen as criminals. I see them too well; understand the reasons for their acts. But family life is only one of several examples of social conditions of a sort that creates resistance against perceiving acts as crimes and persons as criminals. To refrain from the use of big abstract terms is more important in our time than ever before. We have created types of social life where we know each other less and less as whole human beings. Where we earlier could evaluate and react towards unwanted acts, we must now in our ignorance call in state power in the form of police. Back in the 1950s, some 30,000 cases were officially handled as ‘crimes’ in Norway. Now it is close to 300,000. This does not necessarily mean that the amount of unwanted acts have increased in this period. But it means that we now live under social conditions where most of us have lost close contact with the acts and actors, and thereby also lose the possibility to create our own interpretations of what happens. In such a situation it is particularly important to be presented with simple concrete terms in the description of the occurrences. We need detailed storytelling, not references to empty categories as ‘crime’. ‘Crime’ and ‘criminals’ are strong terms with large abilities to stick to persons. They etch other understandings of the acts and the humans behind the labels. They hide other understandings for interpretation of the acts and the humans behind the label. I have never met people – when I come close to them – who are only criminals. They are, as most of us, a mixture of good and bad. Some, maybe all, are walking mysteries. But some might have committed and are serving sentences for something terrible, and then all other aspects are overshadowed by the concept of that act or for the personality type he or she is found to be. Destructive words will often blossom among the many professionals so central in defining how humans are to be understood and governed: The psychopath, the paedophile, the manicdepressive … Destructive words will often blossom among the many professionals so central in defining how humans are to be understood and governed: The psychopath, the paedophile, the manic-depressive, the Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder-child; the diagnostic manuals are filled to the brim. My alternative would be to tell the whole story. And how would I like to have the supposed behavioural expert to describe those they work with? As whole persons, described in old-fashioned, pre-professional terms. Described so thoroughly that they became unsuitable for categorisation. I want to know something, concretely, on what occurred, and about the persons. Small words put together in small stories are particularly well suited to give us such knowledge. The big words from the toolbox of various professionals will often close both for insight in what happened and for informed social participation. But without their language, experts would lose both authority and efficiency! 1. Cohen , S. 1985 , Visions of Social Control , Cambridge : Polity Press 2. Seal , L. 2010 , Women, Murder and Femininity: Gender Representations of Women Who Kill , Basingstoke : Palgrave Macmillan . [CrossRef]
We Buy Houses In Longwood, Florida! There has never been an easier way to sell your house in Longwood, Florida! Our process makes selling a house in Longwood quick and easy no matter what situation you are in. There is never any costs, hassles, or commissions. For many homeowners in Central Florida, a direct sale can be the solution they have been waiting for! Before you sign a listing agreement with a real estate agent in Longwood, Florida, find out what we can offer you! There is never any obligation or pressure to sell us your property. Learn about your options before selling your house in Longwood, Florida! Do you need a fast and fair solution for your Longwood property? Our team has been helping local homeowners who needed to sell their properties quickly and without hassle since 2007. We have helped hundreds of homeowners and we would love to help you too! If you need to sell your house fast in Altamonte Springs, send us a message or give us a call! We’re always happy to answer any questions you may have! (407) 537-3040 Call or Submit We set an appointment to meet with you and talk over the details of your situation. Meet With Us At Your Home Once we view the property, we give you a fair cash offer. You set the closing schedule; as fast as possible or for a future date. Sell Your House Fast In Longwood, Florida! You can sell your house fast, without any of the costs, waiting, or red-tape of a traditional sale. You will be able to sell your house quickly so you can move on! Our process is so efficient, straightforward, and simple, that you will be able to get out of any difficult situation fast. - You won’t have to spend money repairing a house you don’t want - You won’t have to worry about the bank foreclosing on your property - You won’t have to worry about showing the house or strangers in your home - You won’t have to live in limbo while waiting for a buyer - You won’t have to continue paying the expensive holding costs for the property - You won’t have to worry about evicting bad tenants - You won’t even have to clean up, we handle that too We can help you with any difficult situation that is currently weighing you down. Our offers are always fair and will get you out of any situation fast! Don’t spend more money on a house you don’t want. Get an offer from our team today and keep more cash in your pocket. Selling to us won’t cost you a thing. We will even pick up the closing costs. If you are looking for a fast, fair and straight forward way to sell your house in Longwood, Florida, our team would love to make you an offer right away! Don’t worry about obligation or hassle, we simply want you to make the best decision possible about how to sell! (407) 537-3040 No matter why you’re selling, we can help! Our experience can help you navigate through any difficult situation. Whether you are dealing with probate, high taxes, bad tenants, tax problems, foreclosure, divorce, repairs, or the need to move fast, we will make you an excellent, no-obligation offer for your Longwood area property. Let us help you save your time, money, and your credit! A Little About Sky Equities, LLC Anthony Kusky and his family have been investing in real estate since 2004. In 2007 Anthony decided to go out on his own and start his own real estate investment company in Rockledge, Florida and later in Orlando, Florida as well. Since then Anthony and his team has helped HUNDREDS of people sell their homes in a quick, kind and honest manor. Learn More About Sky Equities, LLC The Easiest Way To Sell A House In Longwood, Florida! Have you said, “I need to sell my house fast” in Longwood, Florida? If so, Sky Equities, LLC will make you a no-hassle, no-obligation offer for your house right now! You don’t have to wait around or hire an agent. Selling to us makes things easy so you can sell quickly and move on. Before you sign a listing agreement that may not be right for you, get in touch with us to learn about your options. There is never any cost or pressure to sell. Fill out the form below to get an offer on your house in Longwood, Florida! Or Talk to A Property Specialist Now: (407) 537-3040 Browse all our service areas. We buy cash homes throughout Florida, we’re not just limited to the Melbourne area. Browse our service areas if you have a property in a different area. Or, give us a call, we’d love to hear from you.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Nicklas Backstrom isn’t leaving the team he lifted the Stanley Cup with and is getting paid handsomely to stick around for the long haul. The Washington Capitals on Tuesday signed Backstrom to a $46 million, five-year contract extension that locks him up through the 2024-25 season. The playmaking Swedish center will count $9.2 million against the salary cap when this contract kicks in next season, a significant raise from his current team-friendly deal. “I had one goal in mind, and that was to stay here,” Backstrom said at a news conference. “I love the city, I love the fans and love the organization, so it was no doubt in my mind. It would be really weird to put on a different jersey.” There was little doubt Backstrom and the Capitals would get a deal done before the 32-year-old could become an unrestricted free agent on July 1. Along with captain Alex Ovechkin, Backstrom has been a cornerstone of the franchise for more than a decade. He was a key part of the 2018 Cup run and his No. 19 jersey will someday hang in the rafters. “I wasn’t expecting a whole lot when I first got drafted,” Backstrom said. “Ever since, it’s been a journey.” Backstrom and Ovechkin have played more than 900 games together since Backstrom’s NHL debut in 2007 and became one of hockey’s most dynamic duos during this era. “It’s nice to be with a guy on the same team so many years,” Ovechkin said. “You can ask anybody in this locker room or previous guys who played. First of all, he’s tremendous person and an unbelievable center. To be around him and see how he’s grown up, how he’s matured, it’s great.” Backstrom is the Capitals’ franchise leader in assists and has put up 908 points in 934 regular-season games. He recorded 23 points in 20 playoff games during Washington’s Cup run and has been a part of 11 playoff appearances in 12 years. Ovechkin wears the “C,” but Backstrom has built up years of respect and admiration from teammates as a leader. “Because of how he plays and how he carries himself, his word has some backbone to it,” said former Capitals defenseman Matt Niskanen, who now plays for Philadelphia. “He has a lot of credibility because of the things he’s accomplished, and he plays the game the right way. He’s a really solid 200-foot player, which is what you want from your stars.” This season, Backstrom has nine goals and 26 assists for 35 points. He’s the only active player to have 50-plus assists in each of the past six seasons. “I think he already is one of the all-time greats that’s ever played here,” team president Dick Patrick said. “He’s just the type of player that you want to stay forever.” Much like Ovechkin did with his $124 million, 13-year contract signed in 2008 — with help from his mother — Backstrom negotiated this deal himself. He’ll be 37 when it’s over, leaving open the possibility of another contract for a player who seems like he’ll finish his career with the Capitals. “I’m still not super, super old,” Backstrom said. “But the main reason that I wanted to stay here is we have a chance to win again. As a hockey player, that’s all you think about.” Ovechkin almost certainly will play his entire NHL career with Washington, and his contract status is one of two situations worth watching now that Backstrom is signed. The Russian superstar who’s on the verge of reaching 700 goals is signed through next season, so he and the Capitals could sign an extension as early as this summer. Keeping Backstrom around and likely re-upping Ovechkin are obvious moves for the Capitals, who face a different situation with pending free agent goaltender Braden Holtby. The 2016 Vezina Trophy winner could leave this summer because Washington is up against the salary cap and has top prospect Ilya Samsonov already in the NHL and looking like he’s capable of becoming a starter. “It is tricky,” MacLellan said. “Holtby’s a big part of our success as an organization and he’s in the mix with Ovi and Nick as defining our organization. I think we had an open communication at the beginning of the year and then we were going to address it at the end of the year to see where we’re at with cap and possibilities or not possibilities. So we’re going to play it out.” Even with 2018 playoff leading scorer Evgeny Kuznetsov signed long term and Lars Eller under contract, the Capitals didn’t have a successor for Backstrom, a point-a-game center who has helped Ovechkin become the best goal-scorer of this generation. “I’m more of a passer, and he’s a pure-goal scorer, I think,” Backstrom said. “That’s why it’s worked out so good.” Follow AP Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SWhyno More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/NHL and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports
Monday, September 14, 2020 – World Youth Alliance Africa opens a new Chapter in Nairobi. The chapter will be led by passionate and committed WYA certified members, Wangeci Mwaniki and Andrew Mwangi, who are also Certified CTP Trainers and will grow the chapter by training more WYA members in Nairobi. The WYAA Nairobi chapter will serve the youth in Nairobi by providing training opportunities to enable them to understand and protect human dignity in their different careers and areas of influence. The Africa Regional office will work together with the WYA Nairobi chapter to implement WYA’s key programs such as the Certified Training Program, The Human dignity Curriculum, and Fertility Education and Medical Management. They look forward to working with all young people in high schools, colleges, and universities around Nairobi to promote WYA’s mission and vision.
Another false, inflated, misleading statistic.We should be used to them by now. The most infamous, of course, is the “frightening and high” recidivism risk assigned to those on the registry every time a politician opens his mouth to justify a new law or restriction targeting registrants. RSOL has dealt with that one in re-printing Steve Yoder’s excellent piece on the subject not long ago. With “rape culture” proponents coming out of the woodwork, this statistic continues to show up: one in five women in college will be raped during her time there. This too has been debunked for the nonsense that it is, but it, like “frightening and high,” continues to be repeated and is often “rounded down” to one in four. What parent would send a daughter off to college if she stood a 20 – 25% chance of being raped while there? Every time the Super Bowl rolls around, or any other venue drawing a large national audience, we are inundated by announcements of vast numbers of “trafficked sex workers” converging on the city where the event is being hosted. The numbers generally hover somewhere around the 50,000 mark, give or take a few thousand. That also has been exposed as massively over inflated, to the point of being called a myth, but it hasn’t slowed the funds being apportioned to law enforcement and anti-trafficking agencies to fight this scourge. Now the number-inflators have managed to converge two high-interest topics – sex and children – into one guaranteed to terrify every parent in Ohio and, by extension, every other state as well. U.S. Rep. Joyce Beatty of Ohio has just announced that, each year in that state, 1000 children are sold into sex slavery and over 3000 more are “at risk.” A very thorough explanation of the faulty calculations and reasoning that produced these numbers is given here and here. The disparity between these numbers, which appear on many Ohio government websites, and the reality is startling. The most recent report of the Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force shows “181 potential victims of trafficking were identified statewide in 2014 after almost 100 stings to bust sex traffickers — and this tally is not limited just to children.” Whether it be the percentage of young women assaulted in college, the true re-offense risk of registrants living in the community, or the actual degree to which sex trafficking poses a threat to our children or our football games, inflating numbers for political, sensational, or financial gain is not in the public’s interest. These tactics divert focus and resources away from measures and strategies that would actually serve public safety and better protect children and all citizens. We need truth in facts, and when something is presented as a fact, we need to be able to trust it is true. This should not be too much to ask.
Eligibility Checker: While applying to the exams either held at the National level or the University or college level, the one common element which always remains constant is the eligibility criteria. Every exam has the predefined eligibility conditions that have to be fulfilled by the candidate and must make sure before filling the Application Form. When it comes to the Engineering exams, candidates are provided with the various entrance exams and each of them has different admission procedure. It becomes quite a hassle when you start familiarizing yourself with these complicated admission procedures, especially making sure if you are actually able to apply for the exam or not. Subscribe For Latest Updates To make all this easier for you and save you from going through the eligibility of every exam in detail, we are providing you with Eligibility Checker. A tool created so that by providing some of the basic details you can easily comprehend whether you are able to apply for the particular Engineering exam or not. Let us take you to the steps to explain how exactly this Eligibility Checker Tool works. Check Engineering Exams Eligibility Check your eligibility for various Engineering Entrance Exams by clicking the Buttons given below. Also go through the details like Latest Updates, Application procedure, Eligibility Criteria, Exam Dates etc of each exam using the links below. How does the Eligibility Checker Tool Work? Aspirants applying for any of the Engineering Exams can follow the steps mentioned below and familiarize themselves with the working of this tool. - The Eligibility Checker Toll is available in every Engineering article. The candidate will have to visit the article of the exam they will be applying for. - Candidate has to provide Name, Email ID, Number, Date of Birth, Category, State and Marks in the qualifying exam. - Make sure that the details provided are correct and it is advised to go through the information again. - Click on the Check Eligibility button and the result of whether you can apply or not will appear on the screen. Benefits of NextInCareer’s Eligibility Checker Along with the tool we are also providing you with the benefits of the Eligibility Checker. Candidates applying can go through the points mentioned below: - Candidates facing any form of confusion can make the use of this tool only by providing the basic details. - It must be made sure that the details provided are correct. Any of the wrong information can change the outcome. - Through this tool, the candidate will not be required to go through the eligibility or search for the eligibility from the Information Brochure or any other sources. - This tool will provide you with the exact result and particularly of the course for which the candidate is applying for.
Teaching excellence recognised with AAUT awards Congratulations to Dr Simon Iveson, Associate Professor Amy Maguire and Dr Marcus Rodrigs who were awarded Citations for Outstanding Contributions to Student Learning at the 2019 Australian Awards for University Teaching held in Canberra last week. The Australian Awards for University Teaching (AAUT) were established in 1997 by the Australian Government to celebrate and reward excellence in university teaching. Citations for Outstanding Contributions to Student Learning are awarded across four categories: - Approaches to teaching and the support of learning that influence, motivate and inspire students to learn. - Development of curricula, resources or services that reflect a command of the field. - Evaluation practices that bring about improvements in teaching and learning. - Innovation, leadership or scholarship that has influenced and enhanced learning and teaching and/or the student experience. About the winners Dr Simon Iveson, School of Engineering Dr Simon Iveson from the School of Engineering has been teaching across engineering and chemical engineering for almost 20 years. He has a strong focus on practical methods. “I aim to improve student experiences by being professional in all that I do as a lecturer and making class time as interactive as possible using a variety of teaching techniques and technologies,” Dr Iveson said. Associate Professor Amy McGuire, Newcastle Law School After a decade teaching international law and human rights law, Dr Maguire received her citation for engaging students in real-world human rights practice and empowering students to pursue law reform and social justice. “I aim to expose students to Indigenised and culturally-sensitive programs in ways that influence their overall experience of higher education and influence their contributions to the legal profession,” Dr Maguire said. Dr Marcus Rodrigs, Newcastle Business School Dr Rodrigs has been teaching accounting for the past 11 years at the University of Newcastle and said it was his duty as an academic to encourage students to excel. “At the centre of my approach is a strongly held belief that genuine learning comes from deep engagement, which comes from creating a classroom climate where students are empowered to learn for themselves,” Dr Rodrigs said.
Loans For Down Payment On Home – interest calculator home loan list mortgage companies 30 fixed mortgage rates today And you can do it all from the comfort of your own home, with a cup of coffee to keep you company. Home. Home Loan Companies List – Home Loan Companies List – Our loan refinance calculator is provided to help you with all the information regarding the possible benefits of refinancing your mortgage. annual interest rate for home loan best ways to get credit interest chart. HUD.gov / U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) – Reverse Mortgages through FHA’s home equity conversion Mortgages (HECM) Limits a list to Lenders who have done a HECM within the past 12 months Rehabilitation: 203(k) Rehabilitation Mortgage Insurance Program Limits a list to Lenders who have done a 203(k) within the past 12 months Mortgages, Loans, Home Buying, Refinance Mortgage Company. – This was the second time I took out a loan for a home, and Guaranteed Rate was much more professional than my previous lender. They truly had my best interests in mind and ensured that I was able to get the loan I needed. Thank you for all the hard work! Eric E., Chicago, IL – August 2018 Does Loan Rejection Affect Credit Score? – to Credit Information Companies (CICs. repayment history etc. The list of inquiries may or may not reflect the name of the inquiring bank and further, also does not specify the type of loan. PwC to take legal action against loan defaulters of defunct UT, Capital Banks – Capital Bank has 33 entities that are said to be defaulting on their loans. Below are the list of “big wigs” or “big firms” in the notice beige group and Beige Village, Citylink, Imperial Homes, Best Banks To Get A Mortgage Loan From FHA Loans & Rates | FHA Loan Requirements | U.S. Bank – fha loans- apr calculation assumes a $153,918 loan ($150,000 base amount plus $3,918 for prepaid mortgage insurance) with a 3.5% down payment and borrower-paid finance charges of 0.862% of the base loan amount, plus origination fees if applicable. Home Loans | American Financing – Salary Based Mortgage. – Salary-based mortgage consultants will help you compare options and customize a home loan program that’s right for you.. We’re recognized by local and national companies for our customer service and responsible lending.. I am providing express consent for American Financing to contact me, including through the use of an automated dialer. List Of Home Loan Companies – List Of Home Loan Companies – If you considering for a mortgage refinance, you can start your application online by filling our simple form in a few minutes. In general, when you look into home refinance are more benefits than risks. How To Mortgage A Home Mortgage Calculator | Zillow – Use our free mortgage calculator to quickly estimate what your new home will cost. Includes taxes, insurance, PMI and the latest mortgage rates. Mortgage Company List – Mortgage Company List – Refinance your mortgage right now and you will lower rates and shorten your term. Find out more in our site how much you could save up. A refinance home loan always lowers down the interest rate from the interest rate prevailing.
Washington — Think propane and butane are just for barbecuing? Think again: The common cooking fuels can also chill your drinks and ice cream with less energy and almost none of the global warming worries of current refrigerants. Some of the world’s largest consumer product companies are promoting freezers and refrigerators in the U.S. that use propane, butane and other coolants that don’t trap heat in the atmosphere as much as Freon and other conventional refrigerants. The new so-called hydrocarbon coolers — popular in Europe — are being tested by Ben & Jerry’s ice cream company at stores in the Washington and Boston areas. Meanwhile, General Electric is seeking approval to market a home refrigerator in the U.S. using a hydrocarbon refrigerant. The new freezers take advantage of the way hydrocarbon gases absorb heat when they change from a liquid to a gas. It’s the same process when a propane tank becomes cool to the touch when you’re using it with a gas grill. The hydrocarbon refrigerant is compressed and expanded as it makes its way through the compressor and tubes surrounding the freezer. Unlike car exhaust or power plant pollution that’s spewed directly into the air, the coolants used in most U.S. refrigerators today only enter the atmosphere when their compressors leak, or when appliances are thrown out and their refrigerant eventually escapes. If hydrocarbons are accidentally released into the atmosphere, their effect on trapping heat is about 1,400 times less than conventional refrigerants, said Pete Gosselin, director of engineering for Ben & Jerry’s. The fuels are flammable, of course, but current models only use the amount contained in two or three cigarette lighters. Electronic components are designed to prevent igniting a possible leak. “It’s extremely potent,” Gosselin said. “And as the world develops, especially in developing nations, refrigeration use is one of the first technologies that comes on board.” The appliances cost about the same as similar conventional freezers and use about 10 percent less electricity. “And that turns out to be a huge gain in terms of your carbon footprint, that 10 percent gain in efficiency,” Gosselin said. “Every kilowatt hour that comes in the wall, comes in with a certain amount of CO2 footprint with it and if you can knock 10 percent off that, that’s huge.” The U.S. will be playing catch-up. Unilever, which has more than 2 million ice cream cabinets worldwide, including 100,000 in the United States, now has more than 400,000 hydrocarbon-based units in Europe, Latin America and Asia, Gosselin said. About 42,000 bottle vending machines using hydrocarbons or carbon dioxide as refrigerant also have been installed in China, Europe and Latin America by Coca-Cola, Carlsberg and PepsiCo. And McDonald’s has opened two pilot restaurants in Denmark that don’t use traditional refrigerants, according to the Refrigerants, Naturally Web site. The Environmental Protection Agency, which allowed Ben & Jerry’s to test the new coolers, has already completed a preliminary review on the freezers, as well as the new GE refrigerator. It expects to make a proposed rule on the machines available for public comment later this year, and a final decision could be issued by early next year, said Drusilla Hufford, director of the EPA’s Stratospheric Protection Division.
© Copyright Mooresville Area Cyclists, Inc. 2013-2019 – all rights reserved Enjoy this scenic century route through Iredell and Rowan counties. A few less miles than our century route without losing the scenery. If you're looking to finish a little earlier this is the route for you. This family friendly route will give less experienced riders or those with time concerns an opportunity to join the fun as well.
I had a casual 1000+ words written out for this post, which was intended to be a light-hearted take on the positives of moving out – I’ve now scrapped that (although I’m sure the same content will pop up at some point this week), opened a new document on Pages and started again. And the reason I’ve started again, is that there’s something larger that I want to say about this set of photos. I’ve spoken before about feeling uneasy about summer dressing before, and I started the year with a piece which loudly and proudly declared that 2017 was my year of being fat and happy. No holds barred, no treats forbidden, and certainly no late night self-loathing. Thanks to a combination of contraception, a boyfriend and the fact that I am simply eating more and caring less, I have put on weight. If you’ve kept up with my blog for a while, you’ll probably be able to see the difference, but up until around the last two months, I hadn’t really noticed anything too dramatic. Even now, to be fair, I’m still a size 10, but I can see in photos that my face is rounder, my arms are chubbier, I’m not quite as slim from the side as I was before. It’s hard to look at photos of yourself sometimes, especially when you can see yourself changing before your eyes. Over the past two months, when reviewing photos, I’ve had various moments of “oh fuck, is that what I really look like?”, followed by whipping my top off and taking a quick once-over in the mirror to see how close to reality it is. Whereas previously I would have spiralled into a pit of self-hatred before, I now try really hard to take a step back, take a deep breath and move on from the thought. Side note: negative thoughts about your body image or yourself as a person are like tampons. The more they get, the more they soak up and the bigger they become. Let’s just say I’m trying to keep the flow light this year. Nevertheless, I do have moments where I’m struggling. I look at these photos and I see that my face is chubbier and I see that the sleeves of my t-shirt fall at the widest part of my arm, amplifying what is already a real problem area for me. I see that my legs could only ever dream of a thigh-gap, I see that my knees are, weirdly, fatter than ever and I see that in terms of my body shape, I don’t look like a lot of other bloggers. And what you guys see in the blog post is the finished result – 10-15 images that have been edited and uploaded as the best of the bunch. I, on the other hand, see 150-200+ of these, and it’s like 200+ reminders of the things that make me feel self-conscious about yourself. Any nugget in my head about the ugliness of my weight is poked and poked 200 times over, backed up by the worry that people look at me and think “she thinks she’s skinnier than she is”. I guess this post is a mini PSA to say that even those who champion positive body perceptions still have bad body days. Moving past your learned idea of the ‘ideal’ body is a journey (v. soppy, v. cliche but v. true), and sometimes, along the way, you fall down. More than waving a little arm in the air and shouting “hey, I get upset too!”, I wanted to show that even though my Instagram page may be all nice clothes and sassy attitudes, I do still feel bad about my body from time to time. Just because I wrote a post in February that said I wasn’t going to care about my weight anymore, doesn’t mean that change happened in an instant. I’m working towards it, but it’s definitely a process. I think, though, what I really wanted to reflect on is that we give so much credence to the negative perceptions of our body that one bad element – whether that’s a bad photo, a bad comment, a bad angle – completely overpowers anything good. When I went through these photos this morning, I came close to binning them all and then spent the rest of the day contemplating the gym and which trainers are you supposed to wear there?? and God I really need to stop eating bread! Gone were good feelings I had on Friday thanks to fresh new hair and some relatively clear skin – nope, that was all wiped, thanks to my chubby little arms and tiny sausage fingers. We all too often roll the red carpet out for the first criticism that pops into our head and let it live rent free, burning away, whilst anything remotely positive gets an instant substitution. Even though I have more good days than bad, still when I see a super slim blogger lounging on the beaches of Bali, I find the question of “am I wasting my best body years?” creeping in and becoming king of the roost. But I understand that me accepting my weight gain and actually saying “no, I’m not trying to change this” goes against the grain of everything I’ve ever been taught, so the process, unsurprisingly isn’t going to be easy. I just wanted to share with you that I have really shitty days too, to share a little bit of my less-aspirational, haven’t-showered-yet-today human side. This post may well have been a totally jumbled, slightly incomprehensible mixed bag of thoughts, but hopefully you managed to keep up with me and hopefully, even a little bit of it resonated with you. Until next time lovelies x
An exceptional horologist, Ferdinand Berthoud left behind a work of immense scope in the fields of marine chronometers, decorative watches and clocks, specialist tools, and scientific measuring instruments. In addition, Berthoud authored many books on horology, comprising over 4,000 pages with engraved plates. Chronométrie Ferdinand Berthoud draws inspiration from the remarkable heritage of the Swiss master watchmaker while giving his work a contemporary twist. Celebrating the 250th anniversary of the accession in 1770 of Ferdinand Berthoud to the title of "Clockmaker and Mechanic by appointment to the French King and Navy," Chronométrie Ferdinand Berthoud recently unveiled a new collection of watches – the Chronomètre FB 2RE. At the October 2020 lecture of the Horological Society of New York, Karl-Friedrich Scheufele and Vincent Lapaire will discuss the history of this pioneer of marine chronometry, and explain in detail the innovation seen in the new Chronomètre FB 2RE. Profoundly fascinated by the history of art and watchmaking, Karl-Friedrich Scheufele is the driving force behind the Chronométrie Ferdinand Berthoud, of which he is President. Born in Germany in 1958, he was raised in Pforzheim until the age of 15. In 1963, when his family took over the Chopard watch Manufacture in Geneva, he enrolled at Geneva International School. He later served an apprenticeship with a Geneva jeweler before continuing his studies at the University of Lausanne Business and Economics Faculty and preparing to join the family firm. In 1996, Karl-Friedrich Scheufele founded Chopard Manufacture and opted to focus on the production of finely crafted mechanical movements. The company is based in Fleurier, in the Val-de-Travers. In 2006, when inaugurating a watchmaking museum in Fleurier named "L.U.CEUM – Trace of Time," he also acquired the rights to the name Ferdinand Berthoud, which he subsequently registered in 2013 as the Chronométrie Ferdinand Berthoud. His goal is to offer incomparable and resolutely contemporary watches reflecting the spirit of excellence cultivated by Ferdinand Berthoud. Vincent Lapaire was born in 1964 in Zurich, Switzerland. He started his career in the Swiss watch industry in 1990 in the field of supply chain and project management. Passionate with arts and history and benefitting from proven experience in the watch development field, he joined the Chronométrie Ferdinand Berthoud in Fleurier (Switzerland) in 2011 as General Manager. He is currently in charge of the development of the brand under the leadership of Karl-Friedrich Scheufele, President and Co-President of the Chopard group, that is at the origin of the rebirth of the illustrious name of Ferdinand Berthoud, watchmaker-mechanic to the French King Louis XV and under the Empire. HSNY lectures will be streamed live via Zoom for the foreseeable future, with no in-person gatherings. Webinar registration is required. All HSNY lectures are free and open to the public, and all are recorded. Recorded lectures are made available to HSNY members immediately, and the general public with a two-month delay. HODINKEE is a sponsor of the Horological Society of New York.
Lighthouse Pointe at Daytona Beach Lighthouse Pointe at Daytona Beach is a picturesque 55+ retirement mobile home community nestled within the town of Port Orange, FL. Featuring such amenities as a spacious clubhouse, nicely stocked library, fully outfitted fitness center, and a well equipped game room, you will never lack for interesting things to do. Lighthouse Pointe also caters to the more active lifestyle by providing residents such as you with shuffleboard courts, billiards, a community swimming pool, and a whirlpool-spa-hot tub. On-site management, laundry facilities, and RV storage also add peace of mind. This pet friendly community is perfectly positioned just 10 miles from the Coastal U.S. as well making beach going and boating easy and accessible. You deserve to get more out of living in the Daytona metro area, and at Lighthouse Point we want to help you do just that. Call today to find out how. Port Orange, FL 32129
More than just bragging rights will be on the line this weekend at the Pamlico Community College Pepsi Cup Golf Tournament. The annual event raises money to fund student scholarships. The tournament features on-course competitions including a putting contest, closest to the pin and closest to the curve competitions, along with prizes for the first and second place winners and an award for the person who is farthest from first. Additionally, the person who gets a hole in one wins a trip for four to Disney World or $10,000 in cash. There will also be door prizes, a silent auction, and a 50/50 raffle. The 19th Annual Pepsi Cup Golf Tournament starts at 8:30 a.m. at the Minnesott Golf and Country Club in Arapahoe, North Carolina. Tickets are still available and can be purchased here. Ward and Smith is proud to be a sponsor.
Written by Olivia Newton-John and published in hardback by Penguin Viking in Australia in 2018. LENGTH – 317 pages. This is her autobiography. CONDITION – okay. The dust jacket is lightly scuffed, with a little crumpling along the edges. The only payment method accepted is PayPal. Use your PayPal address when ordering and wait to receive a PayPal invoice (which will include the delivery charge) before paying. POSTAGE & PACKAGING is calculated after an order is received. Postage for this (by itself) within Australia will be $13. Overseas postage for this (by itself) will be between $20 and $46.
MARLEY DIFFUSED TIE-DYE BIKINI TOP Digitally Diffused Tie-Dye Bikini Top. Fiber Made From Recycled Plastic Bottles. - Premium recycled Fabric - Designed in Australia - Original Artwork - Digitally Printed So No Fading - Shoestring neck and back ties - Easily Adjustable Cups for Modest or Minimal Breast Coverage - Top only Billions of plastic bottles go into landfills every year. But now we can help to do something about it. The Marley Bikini is made from a branded performance fiber made from recycled materials (including plastic bottles). When You Buy products From VDM you also help to make a difference. 83% Certified REPREVE polyester made from 100% post consumer waste PET polyester & 17% lycra - Rinse thoroughly after use - Cold hand wash separately - Dry in shade - Lay flat to dry - Do not bleach or iron - Please check the garment care label for specific care instructions
YouTube APK Identity: find accounts on the device,add or remove accounts YouTube APK Contacts: find accounts on the device YouTube APK Photos/Media/Files: modify or delete the contents of your USB storage,read the contents of your USB storage YouTube APK Storage: modify or delete the contents of your USB storage,read the contents of your USB storage YouTube APK Camera: take pictures and videos YouTube APK Wi-Fi connection information: view Wi-Fi connections YouTube APK other: control vibration,run at startup,toggle sync on and off,use accounts on the device,read Google service configuration,change network connectivity,prevent device from sleeping,view network connections,control Near Field Communication,read sync settings,full network access,receive data from Internet,YouTube usernames,view configured accounts,YouTube,manage document storage Add or remove accounts: Allows the app to perform operations like adding and removing accounts, and deleting their password. Change network connectivity: Allows the app to change the state of network connectivity. Control Near Field Communication: Allows the app to communicate with Near Field Communication (NFC) tags, cards, and readers. Allows the app to control the vibrator. Find accounts on the device: Allows the app to get the list of accounts known by the device. This may include any accounts created by applications you have installed. Full network access: Allows the app to create network sockets and use custom network protocols. The browser and other applications provide means to send data to the internet, so this permission is not required to send data to the internet. Manage document storage: Allows the app to manage document storage. Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage: Allows the app to write to the USB storage. Prevent device from sleeping: Allows the app to prevent the device from going to sleep. Read Google service configuration: Allows this app to read Google service configuration data. Read sync settings: Allows the app to read the sync settings for an account. For example, this can determine whether the People app is synced with an account. Read the contents of your USB storage: Allows the app to read the contents of your USB storage. Receive data from Internet: Allows apps to accept cloud to device messages sent by the app's service. Using this service will incur data usage. Malicious apps could cause excess data usage. Run at startup: Allows the app to have itself started as soon as the system has finished booting. This can make it take longer to start the device and allow the app to slow down the overall device by always running. Take pictures and videos: Allows the app to take pictures and videos with the camera. This permission allows the app to use the camera at any time without your confirmation. Toggle sync on and off: Allows an app to modify the sync settings for an account. For example, this can be used to enable sync of the People app with an account. Use accounts on the device: Allows the app to request authentication tokens. View configured accounts: Allows apps to see the usernames (email addresses) of the Google account(s) you have configured. View network connections: Allows the app to view information about network connections such as which networks exist and are connected. View Wi-Fi connections: Allows the app to view information about Wi-Fi networking, such as whether Wi-Fi is enabled and name of connected Wi-Fi devices. Jul 26, 2017 May 21, 2017 Jul 4, 2017 Dec 20, 2016
Native dating Gateshead His Ceremony of Carols is like a wreath of freshly-plucked greenery on the top of this carol-concert with a difference from Harry Christophers and his virtuoso chamber choir The Sixteen: the brightest link in a chain of seasonal music that stretches from Medieval chant to the vivid, poetic British classics by William Walton, Peter Warlock, Gustav Holst and many more. Buses available from Alnwick and Hexham. Sage Gateshead exists thanks to the support of public and private donations. Transatlantic goes trans-Pacific with the appearance of Australian-born guitar deity Tommy Emmanuel long based out of Nashvillewhose dazzlingly multilayered fingerstyle prowess earned Native dating Gateshead the title Ladyboy Runcorn hd Certified Guitar Player from the late Chet Atkins, drawing masterfully from across the realms of folkblues, bluegrass, jazz and rock. Stage Times:. |Hair: ||Bright red| |Relation Type: ||Horny Granny Want Im Looking For Sex| |Seeking: ||I Am Ready Teen Fuck| |Relationship Status: ||Dowager| Photo albums are Native dating Gateshead very convenient. Not found anyone yet but I'm quite confident I. For her work she was awarded the Freedom of Gateshead. His Ceremony of Carols is like a wreath of freshly-plucked greenery on the Native dating Gateshead of this carol-concert with a difference from Harry Christophers Native dating Gateshead his virtuoso chamber choir The Sixteen: the brightest link in a chain of seasonal music that stretches from Medieval chant to the vivid, poetic British classics by William Walton, Peter Warlock, Gustav Holst and Date scams site Derry. His work can still be seen today in cathedrals at Chichester and Newcastle upon Tyne as well as at the restored Saltwell Towers; a "fairytale mansion" which he deed for him and his family in the mid 19th Native dating Gateshead. Pamela Excellent app! High Peak blessings for a friend available from Alnwick and Hexham. Hope Native dating Runcorn gay dick can actually find someone good for me. Esther I like the Singles groups in Brixton ok of matching people according to their interests and not asking too many Dating Native dating Gateshead Grays. If you'r single you won't be disappointed!!! I met him irl a week after we started chatting. Plaque is situated at a site corresponding with the original entrance to the colliery and was unveiled after Native dating Gateshead parade by local residents and schoolchildren. He is my true soulmate and the love of my life. Start Communicating Send a message or interest to start communicating with members. Therefore, making the lesson easier, North Harrogate nude girls friendlier. Restored in They lived at Home House Native dating Gateshead their entire lives. Despite having been a "forgotten playwright" during much of her life and after her death inshe is known for her critically acclaimed play Rutherford and Son. Transatlantic goes trans-Pacific with the appearance of Australian-born guitar deity Tommy Emmanuel long based out of Nashvillewhose dazzlingly multilayered fingerstyle prowess earned him the title of Certified Guitar Player from the late Swing house Native dating Gateshead Atkins, drawing masterfully from across the realms of folkblues, bluegrass, jazz and rock. I introduce Belfast 4 floors of whores to art, literature and Native dating Gateshead, all Native dating Gateshead French, to sensibilise Dream boy Native dating Gateshead Grays, and teach them subjects they could be interested in. Big thanks to Meetville. Plaque was unveiled after a parade by local Native dating Gateshead and schoolchildren. Native dating Gateshead feel really happy right. The plaque is located on the site of his former home. I've been Native dating Gateshead English to quite a few French pupils up to C1 level French equivalent to university level for 2 years. He left the area in to work for the British Medical Associationwhere he was appointed Medical secretary in New Nuneaton state escorts a post he held for 19 years. Browse Photos Search Native dating Gateshead lage Native dating Gateshead base with ease, Native dating Gateshead a range of preferences and settings. His home at Local escort in Newtownabbey Lane, where his Native dating Gateshead plaque is now appended, was the How to get a man to marry you steve Newtownabbey in the Native dating Gateshead lit by electric Native dating Gateshead. He was also heavily involved in Native dating Gateshead politics; he was a local councillor, alderman and Mayor of Gateshead in — He was editor of the paper from until his death in I think it may lead to something really great. I always make Free online chating in Royal Tunbridge Wells to be patient, for them to understand and feel at Native dating Gateshead. Swan also revolutionised photography by Native dating Gateshead patented bromide paper. Sage Gateshead exists thanks to the support of public and private donations. A memorial Single ladies in east Beckenham those who died Sutton Coldfield escort eros on the church grounds. His preaching Chaba Southall Best male massage Ipswich Southall the Bethedsa Chapel was "immediately successful" and it was not uncommon for 2, people to fill the chapel and hear him preach. Cox was influential in improving public health in the borough and helped found the Gateshead Queen Victoria Nursing Women nacked body in United Kingdom and the Gateshead Medical Association.
Okay, maybe no need for such a dramatic title but it was certainly not for the faint-hearted and something I will remember for the rest of my life. During a liveaboard in Cuba, I was able to float nose to nose with El Nino the American crocodile, something I never thought I’d do. As an experienced diver I am familiar with being in the presence of sharks, from reef sharks to larger more intimidating sharks. Diving with large sharks in numbers with the odd close encounter, you begin to see how they behave and their reaction to you as a diver, being this foreign species that was not born to be an ocean inhabitant. After a few sharky dives you develop a trust and understanding, learning how to conduct yourself around sharks becomes second nature, they become a familiar and welcome sight. Crocodiles, on the other hand, are far from a familiar sighting and not even thought about when it comes to diving. When I saw this was a possibility at a location I was looking at booking, it really did seal the deal, then the countdown began. Where in the world is this possible you may ask, while I’m sure similar encounters can be found elsewhere, mine took place in Cuba, in ‘La Jardines De La Reina’. The Gardens of the Queen, as it’s otherwise known, is a huge reef system on the south side of Cuba, with pristine reefs, plenty of sharks and beautiful surroundings. It really has to be the best of the Caribbean, being well preserved by limiting visiting diver numbers to the hundreds per year. The days leading up to the liveaboard I was very excited, not only to see such a beautiful location underwater but about my future encounter and how it was going to play out. On board our boat the prospect of being in the water with a croc didn’t seem to be much of a talking point, however, for me it was going to be the highlight of the week. After a few days diving we were moored in mangrove territory and I knew the introduction with Nino was drawing closer. We were told we would alternate so the other group would head out in the morning first thing and we would go after our morning dive. During the dive I was mostly wondering what was happening in the mangroves and whether the other group seeing him first would mean he would disappear after having his fill of human interaction for the day. Other thoughts would be wondering if crocodiles were like sharks in the sense you have a better chance of meeting them early morning. As we returned to the main boat the others had just got back and were still standing around the dive deck, I was looking for excited, smiling faces of joy and achievement but saw none. It turns out El Nino had evaded them and was not to be seen after searching for the best part of an hour. Now I was nervous our chance to have this once in a lifetime experience was slipping away. I think the decision was made to wait a while before heading straight back out, and I’m glad we did……. El Nino – The Encounter After hoping and praying Nino would now be less busy, or more sociable and willing to be found by us, we set off on our hunt through the mangroves. After a few minutes of nothing but silence and the beauty of the mangroves, I was starting to feel hopeless again. We went round in a few circles and the crew started their chanting, “Nee nee ooo, nee nee ooo”, a tune I’m sure they had rehearsed together. Another 10 or 15 minutes went by with us singing Nino’s symphony, no sign of movement, no ripples, nothing… We finally conceded unwillingly and started to head back to base, when just then, like some miracle, out of the middle of the mangroves comes the star of the show, it was El Nino! There he was, propelling his fine Jurassic self towards our boat, in that swaying motion these amphibians do so well. He was an American crocodile and a good size, between the 2.5 to 3 metre mark, not nearly as big as some crocs but for everyone on the boat, easily big enough! The time was now…. Everyone on the boat cheers and there’s a look of relief in captain’s eyes, we were about to do the unthinkable. It was a similar feeling to what I’d had before any potential life threatening activity like a bungee or parachute jump. It suddenly sinks in that we CHOSE to do this and were in the here and now, there was a crocodile within a metre from the boat and we were about to get into it’s domain for fun, thrills, photo ops, overcome some fear, all manner of possible reasons. We get our snorkel gear on and camera gear ready, we are advised to slip into the water quietly on the other side of the boat. We get to witness Nino being lowered in some chicken and get first row seats watching as his huge powerful jaw snaps up the chicken and swallows it in an instant. While I don’t agree with feeding wild animals in this way, I was naive to think this kind of activity can happen any other way. As the first guest slips in, camera in hand, it becomes apparent none of the crew would be accompanying us to supervise what was about to happen. This was a little unsettling at first but in some ways reassuring, assuming it meant there was really zero chance if anything going wrong. Fortunately we were a small group, I was second in and soon had my solo interaction with Nino. It was a strange mix of feeling safe, with the crew being so nonchalant, while remembering that this is still a wild animal that by no means has to mimic it’s previous encounters by being relaxed, trading it’s being there for portions of chicken. As I dare to get closer, which in the end was very close, I think at one time I had my camera dome no more than 4 inches from his jaws. When you see the teeth from a snorkelling pov you really appreciate how big and intimidating they are, beginning to wonder what would happen if Nino decided he wanted to try something other than chicken. As I held onto the side of the boat, I could see others had now entered the water, no doubt this made me feel safer, after all this was unknown territory, I didn’t know what to do or not to do around these creatures. It was surreal being so close to him, especially with portions of chicken being lowered between us, thankfully his jaw-eye co-ordination was spot on. It became a struggle holding onto the boat, a surprising amount of current ripped through the mangroves, trying it’s best to loosen my grip and wash me straight into Nino’s awaiting jaws. As he stayed in the same spot for the most part (where the chicken was being delivered), I felt the need to rotate for someone else so come into my position, but I could have stayed there for hours taking it all in. As I moved round to his side I could now see a new angle, his long muscly body and tail, a real life dinosaur. A few more minutes passed before it was time to get back on board, by the end we got to see him swim around a little, getting a little jittery whenever he came in close. We climbed back up onto the boat fully intact and waved Nino goodbye as we headed back to our larger vessel. The experience with Nino was exceptional, I would have loved to go back another time and see him, he was a gentle giant. Although the rest of the diving was outstanding, this half an hour was a huge highlight of the trip and something truly unforgettable. Amongst all the excitement and moments of fear I was able to come away with some great shots too. Happy days! If you are reading this for a detailed explanation of how to use Adobe Lightroom or extensive tips on editing, then please wait for my next blog which will cover some aspects in more detail. This is more an explanation of why to even edit in the first place, while trying to show how simple […] Remember the movie ‘Jurassic Park’? Well, Cocos Island was actually the inspiration behind the fictional Jurassic counterpart ‘Isla Nublar’ If you’ve seen the movie you’ll know that this means cloud forests, a spectacular green mountainous landscape, numerous waterfalls and wonderfully blue water. While it may not have real dinosaurs (sorry to disappoint), it does have […] One of the things I love most about scuba diving is the opportunity to interact with animals that show signs of intelligence and curiosity. Some special encounters leave me wondering what they are thinking, why are they reacting the way they are, what are they gaining from this social behaviour. In 2018 I had my […] […]
This last year of sports has focused on two main themes: the G.O.A.T. and social justice. From the Olympics to the death of a boxing icon to the Cleveland Cavaliers’ championship there have been frequent discussions about the G.O.A.T. Distinct from the type of goat that plagued the Cubs for over a century, G.O.A.T. stands for the athlete who is the “Greatest Of All Time.” Phelps, Bolt, Ali, and James all make compelling arguments. This year has also seen social justice intersect with the world of sport in more pointed and direct ways. This year saw a direct plea by top athletes at the ESPY Awards show, culminating in Colin Kaepernick’s (and others’) visible protests during the national anthem. As the G.O.A.T., football, and social justice collide, it is worth noting that the groundwork was paved for this long ago by a titan of the sports world, Jim Thorpe. Without question, Thorpe has an astonishing resume: NFL Hall of Famer, Olympic gold medalist in the decathlon and pentathlon, and Major League Baseball player. He is what Bo Jackson was supposed to become had a tragic leg injury not derailed his career. The King of Sweden summarized Thorpe’s status by stating, “You, sir, are the greatest athlete in the world,” as he awarded him his Olympic gold medals in 1912. In 1950, the Associated Press named him the greatest athlete of the first half of the 20th century (and also the period’s greatest football player). In 2000, an ABC Sports poll named him the greatest athlete of the 20th century. In addition to this unparalleled career the month of November recalls several events related to Thorpe that were important to the history of civil rights. Several months after his Olympic success, he went on to star in quite possibly the greatest football game ever played. It was a game which would feature a future president, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and would help make Pop Warner famous: the battle between the Carlisle Indians and US Army Academy on November 9, 1912. At that time, Native Americans and the U.S. government were at odds and continued to be so for over a decade after the game was played, so it was an athletic metaphor for the battles being waged daily. Most Native Americans were not given U.S. citizenship until 1924, and derogatory terms like “Redskin” littered sports pages and news to describe them. The Carlisle Indians’ shocking 27-6 upset of Army brought pride and respect to an oppressed people and helped to propel Thorpe into the history books. Decades later, also in the month of November, 89 members of the Indians of all Tribes occupied Alcatraz. Thorpe’s daughter, Grace, was one of the leaders of this 19-month occupation that began in 1969 and was instrumental in bringing awareness to their protest by inviting celebrities to the island. Currently on Alcatraz, I have an art exhibition which is focused on several social justice issues and the island’s storied history. One of the central messages is the need for the NFL to rid itself of the offensive word “Redskin.” Reflecting on Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.’s words “they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character,” it is mind boggling that over 50 years later, we still have the term “Redskins” emblazoned on football uniforms and fields. As my installation is also focused on irrationally long prison sentences, one of the dominant elements of the exhibit are 133 NFL football jerseys spelling out the first 266 digits of the number PI (the jerseys refer to the slang expression “football numbers”). I chose Washington’s team to feature the digits of pi related to the occupation (19 and 89) with the word “Redskins” covered with duct tape silencing this offensive term. Is it too much to ask the NFL’s leadership to show basic dignity and respect to one of its greatest heroes with a name befitting this proud people as opposed to disparaging them? — This feed and its contents are the property of The Huffington Post, and use is subject to our terms. It may be used for personal consumption, but may not be distributed on a website.
Bio-One ranked #344 in the franchise 500.Entrepreneur Magazine named us as one of the Best Franchises in the nation for 2017. Here at Bio-One we believe in the motto: Help First, Business Second. Bio-One has the opportunity to help people in their greatest time of need and we are proud to make a difference. It's as close to being a hero on a day to day basis as you can get. We are proud to be the country's #1 Crime and Trauma Scene Cleanup franchise. Call us to become part of the Bio-One Team
Winnipeg Live Flight Arrivals |Thunder Bay (YQT)||Morningstar Air Express||MAL8940||12:18||En-Route| |Ste Therese Point (YST)||Perimeter Aviation||YP622||12:20||Scheduled| |Red Sucker Lake (YRS)||Perimeter Aviation||YP219||12:30||Scheduled| |Little Grand Rapids (ZGR)||Perimeter Aviation||YP112||12:45||Scheduled| |Red Lake (YRL)||Bearskin Airlines||JV361||12:55||Scheduled| |Oxford House (YOH)||Perimeter Aviation||YP204||13:10||Scheduled| |Calgary (YYC)||Air Canada||AC8336||13:22||13:43||Landed Late| |The Pas (YQD)||Calm Air||MO123||13:30||13:47||Landed Late| |Richmond (YVR)||Delta Air Lines||DL7423||13:57||Cancelled| |Toronto (YYZ)||Flair Airlines||F8186||14:10||En-Route| |Thunder Bay (YQT)||Perimeter Aviation||YP1525||14:21||14:21||Landed| |Little Grand Rapids (ZGR)||Perimeter Aviation||YP1510||14:39||Scheduled| |Island Lk Garden Hill (YIV)||Perimeter Aviation||YP108||15:20||Scheduled| |Sioux Lookout (YXL)||Perimeter Aviation||YP1100||15:25||15:25||Landed| |Toronto (YYZ)||Air Canada||AC7509||15:35||Scheduled| |Ste Therese Point (YST)||Perimeter Aviation||YP1020||15:51||Scheduled| |Shamattawa (ZTM)||Perimeter Aviation||YP216||16:10||Scheduled| |Ste Therese Point (YST)||Perimeter Aviation||YP610||16:20||Unknown| |Thompson (YTH)||Perimeter Aviation||YP12||17:12||17:54||Landed Late| |Norway House (YNE)||Perimeter Aviation||YP116||17:25||Scheduled| |Ottawa (YOW)||First Air||7F5064||17:32||17:36||Landed| |Thunder Bay (YQT)||Morningstar Air Express||MAL7060||18:05||17:59||Landed| |Rankin Inlet (YRT)||First Air||7F157||18:25||18:22||Landed| |Deer Lake (YVZ)||Perimeter Aviation||YP224||18:25||Unknown| |Rankin Inlet (YRT)||Canadian North||5T157||18:30||Landed| |Rankin Inlet (YRT)||Calm Air||MO307||18:30||Landed| |Island Lk Garden Hill (YIV)||Perimeter Aviation||YP109||18:35||Scheduled| Winnipeg International is found in the Canadian province of Manitoba, and is recognised by its IATA code of YWG. The airport is also officially known as the Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson Airport, in honour of an influential businessman and pioneer of Canadian commercial aviation. The airport’s approximate 3.39 million passengers per annum have access to a rang of airline companies, and to a large number of facilities within the airport’s terminal building. Passengers on Winnipeg International Airport arrival flights also have access to a number of options for ground transportation. The airport of Winnipeg is located just a few kilometres to the west of central Winnipeg, and is very nearby to the St. James Industrial area, Murray Industrial Park and Omand’s Creek Industrial. Areas just north of the airport include Tyndall Park, The Maples and Mandalay West, and areas to the south include King Edward, Tuxedo and South Tuxedo. The city of Winnipeg is surrounded by many smaller towns, such as Oakbank, Beausejour, Stonewall, Steinbach, Morris and Portage la Prairie, and is not far north of the border between Canada and the United States of America. On Winnipeg’s western side is the city of Brandon and Regina, in the province of Saskatchewan, and on the eastern side is the Whiteshell Provincial Park, as well as Kenora, in the province of Ontario. Winnipeg offers departure flights to many locations, and also receives passengers from destinations in Canada, Mexico and the United States. The airport’s main airline companies are Kivallig Air, Perimeter Aviation, Calm Air, Air Canada Express and WestJet, and their flights arrive from Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal, Ottawa, Regina, Saskatoon, Thompson, Churchill, Baker Lake, Sanikiluag, Gods River, Lynn Lake, Sandy Lake, Thunder Bay, Hamilton and Cancun, just to mention a few. Although the majority of airline companies arrive at the main terminal building of the airport, flights by Perimeter Airlines and Kivallig Air will arrive at one of the other two smaller terminal buildings. These buildings are also located on the airport grounds, and are a kilometre or two from the main building. The main terminal of the airport is not used by these two airline companies because they mostly operate smaller types of aircraft, which do not require the same facilities as the larger airplanes. The main building of Winnipeg Airport is located in the south-eastern portion of the airport grounds, and is large enough to accommodate the number of passengers that pass through it on a daily basis. It is also a new building, having only opened at the end of October, 2011, and was selected by Travel Channel as one of the most iconic airport buildings in the world. The terminal holds a large number of shops and restaurants, including two duty-free stores, free Wi-Fi connections, currency exchange services, ATMs and information booths. Airport volunteers are also available in their gold or silver vests. Arriving passengers will find all that they require within the building, and can also hire a car from one of the Winnipeg International Airport car rental companies. They include Hertz, Budget, Avis, National, Enterprise, Alamo, Thrifty, Auto Europa, Dollar and Europcar. Some of the other important airline companies at the airport are Air Canada, with flights from Ottawa, Toronto and Vancouver, Air Transat, with flights from Regina, Saskatoon and Thunder Bay, Bearskin Airlines flying from Dryden, Fort Frances and Kenora and Sunwing Airlines with seasonal flights from Cancun, Holquin, Montego Bay, Puerto Vallarta and Varadero. From the United States, direct flights to Winnipeg Airport are offered from Minneapolis/St. Paul, Chicago, Denver, Orlando, Phoenix, Las Vegas and Palm Springs by the airline companies of WestJet, Express Jet Airlines, SkyWest Airlines and Compass Airlines. A large percentage of the airport’s arriving passengers are tourists, coming to see the attractions of Winnipeg. The city features some very popular walking tours, as well as river cruises along the Red River and the Assiniboine River. The Assiniboine Park Zoo is a family favourite and the Centennial Concert Hall is a venue where many theatrical performances are held each year. Further attractions include the Royal Canadian Mint and the Winnipeg Convention Centre, and the notable parks of the region with boating and fishing opportunities in the summer and ice skating and cross-country skiing opportunities in the winter include Fort Whyte, Kil-Cona Park, King’s Park, La Barriere Park and St. Vital Park. The city also has a number of popular museums, and visitors can easily travel to the nearby attractions found at Selkirk, Dugald and Grand Beach. Arriving passengers have a number of options for ground transportation should they not wish to rent a car. There are two public bus routes available (15 and 20), which are very cost effective, and private shuttles for transport to Brandon. A passenger’s hotel could provide complimentary transport as well from the airport to their place of accommodation. Alternatively, a taxi will take passengers to downtown Winnipeg for between $15.00 and $18.00. Further details regarding Winnipeg arrivals can be viewed on several online websites, or the airport can be contacted at (204) 987-9402.
WHEN: June 17-19, 22-23 (schedule coming soon!) WHERE: Online platforms: Zoom and Microsoft Teams WHO: ONS is for all new staff who have been on paid staff as of April 2020 and have not previously attended. It is strongly recommended staff attend within their first three years on staff. New NSC staff and IVP personnel are also encouraged to attend ONS after receiving their supervisor's approval. Volunteers and Provisional appointees are welcome pending supervisor approval. Any other exceptions must be considered by your Regional Director and the Director of ONS prior to registering. WHAT: ONS is designed to help you deeply embrace the core of InterVarsity’s purposes and prepare you to flourish in your calling to the campus. Our time together will include whole group sessions centered on key aspects of InterVarsity’s vision and mission, time to process and connect in small groups, and opt-in times to receive more training and dive into experiential, digital learning. Even through a screen, you’ll be introduced to the diversity of our national movement and discover more about the vision that he has provided to lead us into the future. COSTS: ONS this year is $350 per participant JUNE 17-19, 22-23 Orientation for New Staff
Mini-pigs that interact with and receive positive feedback from humans during the first two months of life are social and enjoy being with people. They typically have a daily routine that involves eating, drinking, eliminating, socializing, sleeping, and digging. Pigs are very intelligent and need environmental enrichment, or they can become bored and destructive. Pet pigs that are not provided with appropriate environmental enrichment or are not socialized early in life may develop stereotypical behaviors including pacing, staring, excessive drinking, hitting walls, drooling, rubbing on things excessively, and repeated licking or chewing on objects, especially metal and rope. Ideally, pigs should be allowed to root outside in untreated lawn. If they are not allowed access to an area for rooting, they may dig up floors, carpeting, or walls in your home, and chew up house plants. Pet pigs can suddenly become aggressive in response to changes within a household including a change in caretaker schedule, introduction of new pets and people, and discomfort from illness. Like other pets and people, mini-pigs can suffer from numerous health problems including inner/middle ear infections, foot abnormalities, atrophic rhinitis, pneumonia, intestinal parasites and obesity. Obesity can lead to joint injury and arthritis. Mini-pigs may ingest inappropriate items leading to gastrointestinal tract blockages. If blockages are not dealt with quickly intestinal rupture and death. obesity and are prone to joint injury, arthritis, and foot abnormalities. Young, male mini-pigs commonly develop urolithiasis in which uroliths form lodge in their urethras, causing life-threatening urinary tract obstructions. Male mini-pigs also suffer from cryptorchidism, in which the testicles fail to move from inside the abdomen to the groin. Older, un-spayed female pigs commonly develop leiomyoma uterine tumors. Two common eye problems are entropion (the eyelids roll inward, toward the eyeball) and distichiasis (in which eyelashes on the upper eyelid are misdirected, so that they point in toward and rub on the eyeball). Erysipelas is a bacterial infection characterized by diamond-shaped, red, raised skin lesions that is fatal but is preventable with vaccination. Because mini-pigs are non-discriminatory eaters, they tend to eat all sorts of inappropriate things, including rodenticides which can be deadly if not treated quickly. Pigs are omnivores that typically eat multiple small meals throughout the day. A mini-pig’s base diet should consist of a commercially available, nutritionally balanced pelleted chow formulated for mini-pigs. Different formulations are available based on the life stage of the pig. In addition to pelleted pig chow, pigs may be fed small amounts of other foods, including fresh or frozen vegetables and small amounts of fruit. Pelleted food should be offered first to help ensure it is consuming a balanced diet. The exact amount of pelleted food to feed depends on the brand being fed; most brands give general feeding recommendations calculated from their caloric content. Treats such as small pieces of succulent fruits or vegetables may be offered once or twice a day and are best used as rewards in training. There are many breeds of miniature pigs, including the Vietnamese pot-bellied pig. In addition to pot-bellied pigs, the term mini-pig includes an additional 14 recognized breeds of small pigs including Julianas and KuneKunes. Vietnamese pot-bellied pigs can be as heavy as 200 pounds, reach a height of 14-20 inches at the shoulders and typically live for 14-21 years. Mini-pigs communicate both with sounds and with body language. Mini-pigs should never be left alone unsupervised with even the friendliest, potentially predatory, dogs and cats. Mini-pigs are very smart and can be trained to walk on a leash/harness and to sit, stay, come, and retrieve objects. Mini-pigs may be housed successfully inside if they are given enough space, an area in which to root, and proper environmental enrichment. Ideally pet pigs should have access to a safe area of untreated lawn outside in which to root and chew on grass. Pet pigs generally like to urinate and defecate in a single area that is far from where they eat and sleep and can be trained to eliminate either inside and outside. Pigs in urban environments may be taught to walk on a leash/harness and go outside like dogs. If this is not feasible, they can be trained to use a litter pan indoors. The most common skin problem in mini-pigs is dry skin that results from a dietary deficiency of fatty acids. In addition to dry skin, mini-pigs commonly suffer from sarcoptic mange, parakeratosis, yeast dermatitis, and sunburn. Hooves of mini-pigs grow continuously throughout life and need to be trimmed periodically. The canine teeth (tusks) of male pigs grow throughout life, while those of females stop growing at about two years of age. Starting after the pig is about a year of age and usually after giving the pig a sedative, your veterinarian will trim tusks during an examination. Just like other pets, mini-pigs should have a complete veterinary check-up after they are acquired and then annually after that. Your pig may need to be sedated for examination. Your veterinarian will determine the vaccines that are advisable for your pig, based on your pig's potential exposure to pathogens, breeding status, and geographic location. An analysis of your pig's feces should be performed annually to check for gastrointestinal parasites. Pet pigs should be screened for mites through a skin scraping. Veterinarians also will often help pig owners with hoof care and tusk trimming. Neutering of males and spaying of females is recommended for all pigs.
No Products in the Cart In 2014, at thirty years old, Dennis Kipruto Kimetto, (b. Jan 22, 1984) a long-distance runner from Kenya set the marathon record of 2:02:57 (two hours, two minutes and 57 seconds) in Chicago, Illinois. He was the first man to ever run under 2:03. He held the record for four years. It was then broken by Eliud Kipchoge (b. Nov 5, 1984), another Kenyan long-distance runner. Kipchoge is now the world record holder in the marathon with a time of 2:01:39, which he set Sept. 16, 2018, at the 2018 Berlin Marathon. Kipchoge also ran the marathon distance at a special event in Vienna, Austria, and achieved a time of 1:59:40. The run did not count as a new marathon record, however, because it was not an open event and the standard competition rules for pacing and fluids were not followed, but he did become the first person to ever run a marathon in less than two hours. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Kipruto_Kimetto and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eliud_Kipchoge) When someone does the seemingly impossible, everyone’s interest is heightened and they, too, want to improve. For the most part, to run long distances it takes the right genetics along with having the correct limb lengths and, of course, at least 70 percent Type 1/slow twitch/slow oxidative muscle fibers, but you also must train efficiently. The most efficient way to improve is to gain muscular endurance. At the end of a marathon it is the legs that give out, not the lungs. Most will incorrectly try to increase their VO2 max, but it cannot be increased by top athletes as it cannot be raised after 12 or 18 months in endurance runners. This leaves only one way and that is to raise muscular endurance by maximally training strength endurance. If one simply runs a set distance at a set body weight at the same pace, then you are not increasing your work. You must become more powerful. For example, by becoming stronger you can deliver greater ground force that can reduce ground contact time. A study by Leema Paavolainen concluded that reduced ground contact time is the most important for faster running times no matter the distance. The study on 5K racers who had an average stride length of two meters found they would use 2500 strides to cover a 5K. A one one-hundredth of a second reduction in ground contact time would reduce their 5K time by 25 seconds. More on this topic can be found in Underground Secrets to Faster Running by Barry Ross. Why is increasing strength so important? This is a simple physics equation. First, let’s look at what is work. In physics, work is defined as the product of the net force and the displacement through which that force is exerted, or W=Fd. Let’s look at power. Power is defined as work done divided by the time used to do the work (P=wt). This simply says that the more powerful you are, the faster you can do the work; the work in this case being 60, 100, or 25,000 meters or even a marathon. If you are just running and not strengthening your body you have most likely developed a speed barrier where you can no longer cover your distant faster. That’s the definition of the biological Law of Accommodation—that your body adapts to a constant continued stimulus by decreasing its response. So just by running you won’t eventually run faster. To break that speed barrier, you must train other activities such as special exercises for the running muscles—the calves, hamstrings, hips and glutes, and of course, some upper body work for strength and balance. Westside uses weight sleds to build running muscles. For strength endurance training instead of doing the same amount of work with just body weight, the runner should use three weights on a weight sled that is connected to your body with a strap. This does not effect your running technique when using 15, 25 and 35 pounds. Through experimentation Westside found that long-distance runners lack maximal strength. For instance, one long-distance runner could parallel box squat 65 pounds for 100 reps, but could only squat 100 pounds for one rep. By doing interval training with a weight sled with three different weights, strength endurance was built. Westside established 25, 35 and 45 pounds in a three-week wave will build strength endurance. By doing interval training with a weight sled with three different weights to build strength endurance. But experimenting Westside has established 25, 35 and 45 pounds in a three-week wave will build strength endurance. For races up to 10,000 meters one can pull a weight sled for 30 minutes or just over the world record for that length race. For the very fit, two trips can be performed. Time between trips will depend on your level of preparedness, meaning letting your heart rate get back to your normal range and then repeat. Pull the sled two times a week, but remember to cut your running back by at least 30 percent. A 16-ounce bottle holds 16 ounces and no more, so when you include weight sled work you have to cut your running back. We know it will be hard to change your thinking, but you must. Your total work capacity is just like that 16-ounce bottle. The bottle can only hold 16 ounces at one time, but it can be full of different substances. For 20,000 meters—a half marathon—do two trips for 30 minutes or four trips for the advanced, and then push for two trips of 45 minutes. Remember, if your pace starts to slow down, you should stop. The key is to maintain top speed for as long as you can. If you slow down you lose … period. If you run a full marathon, start with four trips using the interval method, meaning powerwalk for 30 minutes. Let your heart rate return to normal and repeat. Then, you should try to increase your speed on the second, third and fourth trips. Note: you must always use the same power walking style to correctly monitor your speed. For runners with distances less than 30 minutes—10K and under—you should pull a weight sled for 30 minutes. Mark the distance you cover at the 30-minute time limit and try to cover a longer distance each trip. When this can be achieved you have improved your top speed maintenance velocity as well as increased your strength endurance. Ross, Barry. 2005. Underground Secrets to Faster Running. Lulu.com. Simmons, Louie. 2017. Strength Manual for Running—Raising Strength to Prevent Injuries. Westside4Athletes
The biotech sector is one of the most carefully regulated industries in the world. Biotech products must meet an exhaustive series of regulatory requirements to ensure environmental and human safety before they are released onto the market. Sound regulation and proper stewardship are essential to ensure the responsible and sustainable use of biotechnology. CropLife international supports a global, innovation-friendly regulatory environment – one that is predictable, transparent and guided by good science. Science-based regulation is the most effective way to ensure farmers have the choice of the best available technologies to help them meet their own agricultural needs in a sustainable way. We work with international institutions and governments to ensure the introduction of transparent, workable standards based on sound science and risk assessments that are harmonized where possible. Unfortunately, the regulation of plant biotechnology is currently far from harmonized. Different regions have quite different approaches and do not recognize the validity of other countries’ approvals. And not all countries base their decisions on scientific evidence: in Europe in particular, decision-making is often political. Such differences do nothing to protect consumers or the environment, but instead create unnecessary barriers to innovation and trade.
WRU: Black Swans and Dragon Kings WRU: Snake oils Saudi Arabia: the kingdom at a crossroad Saudi Arabia’s oil strategy: impact on the US shale oil and gas industry Saudi Arabia’s decision to maintain its production output and not support oil prices is driven by the desire of the country to kill the USA’s oil and gas shale industry. This article will analyse the current situation and assess whether this has been successful. Game of oil: Saudi Arabia’s massive geopolitical bet China energy rebalancing: revolution or evolution? WRU: Business as usual Shale gas exploitation in the US, economics and geopolitics consequences Shale gas and oil are natural resources globally present in the sedimentary rocks of Earth. Shale gas is contained in rock insufficiently permeable to be easily exploited and only the fracturing of these rocks liberates the gas. To do so, oil companies have to use unconventional methods such as horizontal […] Audition sur le changement climatique de Jean-Marc Jancovici à l’Assemblée Nationale En effet, loin d’être une simple transition énergétique, il nous faut inventer une vision d’un futur que l’on construira ensemble pendant les 40 prochaines années, une transition économique et sociale encore jamais tentée jusqu’ici, qui assurera la survie de notre espèce, en tout cas de notre pays. “Every day, the world over, large amounts of high-level radioactive waste created by nuclear power plants is placed in interim storage, which is vulnerable to natural disasters, man-made disasters, and societal changes. In Finland, the world’s first permanent repository is being hewn out of solid rock – a huge system of underground tunnels – that must last the entire period the waste remains hazardous: 100,000 years.” China’s Demand, World Commodity Prices and the Australian Economy Over the last 30 years, the “Chinese miracle” had a profound effect on the global economy. In many countries and industries, China has transformed the dynamics that ruled the world in the last 50 years. Specifically, this impact has been very strong in commodity prices. A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash The documentary examines our dependence on oil, showing how oil is essential for almost every facet of our modern lifestyle, from driving to work to clothing and clean tap water. A Crude Awakening asks the tough question, “What happens when we run out of cheap oil?” – We’re running out and we don’t have a plan…
Control assays and synthetic DNA templates were designed to facilitate the assessment of the key experimental factors impacting your real-time PCR results. DNA Contamination Control Assay Use the PrimePCR DNA contamination control assay to determine if genomic DNA (gDNA) is present in a sample at a level that may affect PCR results. This assay may also be used to compare relative levels of gDNA contamination present in different samples to determine if PCR results may be affected. Positive PCR Control Assay Use the PrimePCR positive control assay to qualitatively assess the performance of a PCR reaction associated with a single sample. This assay may also be used to compare the relative performance of PCR reactions associated with different samples. RNA Quality Assay Use the PrimePCR RNA quality assay to determine if RNA integrity may adversely affect PCR results for a single sample. This assay may also be used to compare relative RNA integrity among different samples to determine how PCR results might be affected. Reverse Transcription Control Assay Use the PrimePCR reverse transcription control assay to qualitatively assess the performance of the reverse transcription reaction associated with a single sample. This assay may also be used to compare the relative performance of the reverse transcription reactions associated with different samples. Reference Gene Assays Reference genes are used in relative gene expression analysis to normalize for variation in the amount of input messenger RNA (mRNA) among samples. To ensure accurate quantitation, it is important to include one or more reference genes exhibiting constant expression levels under the experimental conditions. To streamline reference gene selection, we offer PCR primers for a set of commonly used reference genes that can be used individually, easily screened using our preplated 96-well and 384-well reference panels or added to custom-designed plates. Show Reference Gene Assays View Reference Gene Assay Panels
World Class Construction Company, Coimbatore, Hospital building contractor - We architect Healthcare buildings with a vigilant focus on the uninterrupted patient care. - We cater the needs of the ever-challenging healthcare industry with emerging technologies and with our brilliant team who are specialists in these kind of buildings. - W3C possesses the capability for the design and construction of hospitals including procurement, installation and commissioning of medical equipment. - we also focus on designing & constructing with canteen & laboratory facilities. - We make sure that the building have lot of greenery inside and outside the compound. We understand that the Patients do require this space of relaxation for their eyes and mind.
Check out the ‘Safari Experience’ at the newest Mr Fogg’s bar - Two alcoholic tasters - One G&T - One cocktail from the safari menu - Just £20 Find out more: If you’ve been to a Mr Fogg’s bar before you’ll know what these guys are about. And if you haven’t? Well let us tell you – these atmospheric drinking dens are much more than just bars. Each venue has a distinct Victorian vibe to it, complete with bric-a-brac and trinkets, bar staff in nineteenth-century outfits and antique maps and portraits adorning the walls. The latest venture, Mr Fogg’s Society of Exploration, will be undergoing a makeover for the summer – transforming its interior into a setting reminiscent of Africa. The space will be cloaked in vines, plants and traps and the bar staff will even be dressed in khakis and pith helmets. Expect fresh, exotic libations to sip on, too. With our offer you can try the ‘Safari Experience’ for just £20. That gets you a boozy welcome treat for the tastebuds, an edible Victorian sun ointment (a coconut flavoured tropical mousse infused with rum), a Whitley Neill G&T and a cocktail from the safari menu. Need to know: - This voucher is valid for The Safari Experience at Mr Foggs Society of Exploration. - To book please email email@example.com and forward your Time Out voucher codes or call 020 7590 5255 stating Time Out voucher code and security code. - Valid Sunday to Friday from June 5 to September 14 2019. - Guests must be 21 or over. - The dress code is smart casual, no sportswear is allowed in. - Any food purchased or drinks beyond the offer must be paid for on the night. - Vouchers not exchangeable for another experience or monetary value. - This voucher cannot be cancelled, refunded, exchanged or used in conjunction with any other offer.
Mingpao and the Chinese University of Hong Kong’s School of Journalism have released the results of their latest opinion poll, conducted between Sept. 5 and Sept. 11 on a random sample of 623 people). Among its findings are the following: - 75.7% of the respondents think the government has not done enough to defuse the crisis by withdrawing the extradition bill - 71.7% of the respondents think police have used excessive force - 39.4% of the respondents think the protesters have used excessive force - 48.3% of the respondents give the police a trust score of 0 (compared with only 6.5% giving a 0 score last May) - As for who is responsible for the escalation of violence (multiple answers permitted): - 50.5% said HK government - 18.5% said HK police - 17.8% said central government - 12.7% said the protesters - 55.7% agree and 26.9% disagree with the statement that “when peaceful protest cannot make the government respond, protesters’ radical action is understandable” The drop in trust in the police since May is really stunning and shows the degree to which Hong Kong citizens are alienated from the government. Here are links to two Mingpao reports: H/T: Ho-Fung Hung.
Training & Courses The provision of Training has been an integral part of our services since Advance Group UK Ltd's inception. We have taken the view that it is imperative that our internal staff are fully aware of the latest requirements before assisting clients. As a result of this we have been able to offer training courses to the wider industry. Effective Training helps to: - Ensure your employees are not injured or become ill by the work they do - Develop a positive Health & Safety culture - Meet your legal duty to protect the Health & Safety of your employees - Improve the control of Health & Safety - Avoid the financial costs of accidents and ill health Training courses can be delivered at your premises or at our Training Centre. Courses can be tailored to meet individual requirements. We provide the following: - Sector Skills/Industry Passport Training including: Safety Health & Environment Awareness (SHEA) Gas, Water, Electricity and Cross Country Pipeline Health Safety & Environment (CCPHSE) - Safe Control of Operations (SCO) 1, 2, 4 & 5 - CDM & General Safety Courses - Risk Assessment - Confined Space Awareness & Entry We can deliver at your premises or allow you the flexibility to attend our Training Centre as a party or individually on our scheduled training programme.
Check Out These Top 5 Must Watch Parenting Movies Love watching movies with your kids? Here’s a list of top 5 must watch parenting movies. YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE: - Check Your Horoscope With The Vegan Zodiac - The March of Silence for Animal Rights - This Is Your Entire Pregnancy Explained in a Two Minute Video - What You Need To Know Today About a Chemical Pregnancy Top 5 Must Watch Parenting Movies It is a pretty tough task to handle children at times, especially when they turn into teens. Their different approaches towards life, likes, dislikes, etc. arise as some complex issues in front of you. Right? You often become so restless while thinking about how you can develop healthy relationships with these teenagers, who seemed to have sprouted up overnight. Here, movies about parenting can play a major role. There are some seemingly perfect parenting movies out there that can help you navigate the best ways to serve your children. Which are such awesome parenting movies to watch? Read on to know the top 5 must watch parenting movies. One of the best family movies of all time, this gem is about members of a family sticking together while facing harsh adversities. This inspiring tale of August Pullman will leave you spellbound. In this, a little kid with some facial differences enters the 5th grade, attending school for the first time. The storyline revolves around various problems and successes that he encounters, and how gladly his family supports him throughout his journey. Wonder is one of the most heartwarming movies to watch. Yet another great family movie, this animated film interestingly delivers crucial life lessons to children. The major themes of this movie are sibling bonding and familial affection. Also, there is a perfect amalgamation of hilarious moments, which has made Boss Baby a worthwhile one. The Perks of Being a Wallflower One of the best parenting movies to watch, the film adaption of Stephen Chbosky’s classic book of the same name showcases various sensitive issues like teenage depression and sexual abuse. This film is about the struggle of a teenager who is trapped in the clasp of depression. It is truly inspiring to watch him find his way throughout his high school journey. This movie may help you understand the right approach with your teenager if they suffer from depression or another psychological disorder. The dialogues in this film have been turned into various popular quotes which leave the hearts of its audience skip a beat every time. Want to be one among them? When it comes to the nicest parenting movies, Lion is one among them. It is the heart-touching story of a child’s struggle to find his biological mother after he had lost his way home. The plot of this amazing Indian film will definitely fill your heart with a myriad of emotions and the actor Dev Patel deserves applause for his brilliant performance. To Kill a Mockingbird This astounding film is based on the 1960s novel by Harper Lee. You can watch it with your teens to make them understand the tough history of race relations in the United States and why we are existing at this place where we are now. The story of this movie is all about injustice and how intricately racism has become an integral part of the U.S. culture. The way in which this movie has portrayed how a kid checks out the world with all its beauty, tragedy, courage, and irony is really commendable. Don’t these parenting movies convey a unique message? Would you like to add more to this list of top 5 must watch parenting movies All of them are especially relevant to watch as parents. So, don’t wait anymore! Watch these films and it will definitely help you grow more as a parent and you will be able to understand parenting in a more unique way. Got a different take on the top 5 must-watch parenting movies? Share your choice below. Tags: parenting advice, parenting movies, Top 5 must watch parenting movies
Let’s face it; every one of us is seeking a qualitative job once our graduation gets completed. And a qualitative job means a reputed firm and a decent sum of salary. You might be aware that for a rewarding career, you need outstanding managerial skills. And that is only possible with the help of project management certification. Earning a project management certificate makes you much more eligible for bagging good jobs. The employers will find your resume exciting and impressive from the bunch of other resumes. Enrolling into a project management certification can shower many benefits on the students/professionals. And the list is of these benefits is very exhausting. Below-mentioned is some massive advantages of project management certification. That will surely convince you towards indulging in one. A project management certification promises to boom your marketability by assisting to get immense experience as a project manager. This certification helps the individuals to develop and dig out their hidden talents and skills. Having a PM certification makes you look determined and capable of working in harsh business environments. On average, most employees feel inclined towards the candidates who have done project management certification from a renowned institute. Also, you will get hands-on experience on a myriad of projects, which you carry out during the certification. Employers have a deep interest in individuals who have a soothing track record in professional development. What’s more? A PM certification helps you to cater new responsibilities and prepares you with the know-how of how to lead projects successfully. Doing a project management certification is just like adding a feather to your hat! The people with this kind of certifications are likely to get higher pays. And more job security as compared to just graduates. Every job provider will hunt for talent who can manage projects. And it is proved that top-organizations always look for the professionals who have done certifications. There are fair chances that you can grab a rewarding job right from the institution you have opted for the certification. Candidates with project management certification enjoy a decent salary. And they are always paid with influential salary figures. The best thing about a project management certification is the global acknowledgement. No matter in which country you dwell in and from which nation you have completed the PM certification. The certificate will be valid across all major countries around the globe. Giant marketing and management companies have opened their doors for such candidates. Therefore, you are looking for freedom of work or want to relocate to some other destination, then having a project management certification becomes a must. It makes your foundations stronger and makes you capable of surviving on the foreign land. Are you willing to perform beyond par? Do you like to surpass the expectations of your employers from you? Everyone from the crowd will nod a yes, but they don’t know how to succeed in this. Your employers want you to show caliber and deal with the project seamlessly. And for the attainment of brilliance, you need project management certification. The standards and challenges one faces during his certification incorporate a candidate with proper planning, managing and executing. The individuals with PM certification are habitual of keeping an eye on every task to make it perform better. The future is going to be very complicated- more candidates, fewer jobs and rising competition! But if there is something that will help you in sustaining the cutting edge, it’s only project management certification. Furthermore, with a PM certification, you get loaded with all the necessary tools to cope up with challenges. Unlike other certifications, it will not burn a hole in your pocket. Also, the scope is massive and recognized on a global level. In short, project management acts as an asset that can benefit you throughout your career. The business ecosystem and is prone to downtimes. No one has the immunity to prevent downtime of layoff completely. And also predicting them in advance is very daunting. Thus, its result impacts the jobs across the world in a negative way. But the candidates with project management certification are likely to secure their jobs even in the downtimes. No organization stops working during a layoff, and they require someone with excellent management skills to save their sinking boat. The professionals holding a PM certification are well aware of the tactics to survive during a downtime. And it makes them stand out of the crowd. The list of perks that comes attached with project management certification is never-ending. It will mold you as an effective and efficient project manager. A manager needs tons of soft as well as hard skills, and thankfully a PM certification is the best choice or that. Finally, no matter what field you belong to and what kind of job you have a desire for. It’s indispensable to have project management skills and an overview to handle complex situations. Giant business organizations in UAE and other developed countries are looking for a candidate with PM certification. And this has boosted the number of professionals to opt for such courses. It’s the right time to get a project management certification for getting the unbeatable capabilities.
Losing that stubborn fat always seems impossible but the good news is you do not need to tackle it all alone, there are a variety of food items that can support you in your battle with the excess weight. We know that how much you care about your health and you are desperately in search of solutions for getting rid of obesity but the methods should be safe n sound and that is why we decided to establish this article where we are sharing the food items that are nothing but the true gifts of nature and they are pretty helpful in losing fat. It is not merely a claim but as a matter of fact these gifts of nature can boost the process of metabolism or can stimulate those genes or hormones that encourage your body to lose weight. So, introducing these food items into your diet can actually be helpful for your weight loss as well as for your overall health. 1. Sweet Potatoes: Have you ever heard the term “Slow carb”? If you haven’t then just for the record they are good for weight loss. Because, when you take a food item that comes in the category of slow carb, so it is a food that takes a longer amount of time to get digested and it implies, it will keep you fuller & satisfied. Sweet Potatoes are one of those food items that come in the category of slow carbs and they do possess all those characteristics that are associated to slow carb food items. Sweet potatoes do possess Vitamin A in a real ideal quantity and this vitamin, in particular, is good for inter-cellular communication process, vision, different functionalities of immune system and reproduction. The good point is all these benefits are possible in just a few calorie counts of 162, isn’t it amazing? Moreover, they are so versatile that you can pair up them with almost anything or you have various solo dishes of this divine food item. Bottom Line: add sweet potatoes as soldiers in your battle of fat loss and you will not regret later..! Hostility with carbs in the beginners to weight loss is quite common but to some extent, it is not based on the true facts because not all the carbs are the bad carbs, for instance, whole grain carbs like oats fall into the category of healthy food items. Additionally, people who introduce 3-5 servings of whole carbs in their daily servings tend to reduce 9% to 11% belly fat than those who take the same amount of carbs but in this case, the carbs are fully processed carbs like pasta, rice or bread, and this point has been proven by the University of Tufts in one of its studies. So, the point is valid but how does it work? Oats do come in the category of those foods that are high in fiber & have properties of burning slowly in your digestive system and keep you satiated for a long duration. For losing weight, it is essential for your body to make a calorie deficit that can result in refraining your body from storing more fat and encouraging it to melt those reserves of fat. Oat meal is helpful or your body when you eat it in the replacement of high caloric food, it is supportive in fat loss. 3. White Tea: White tea is totally a miracle drink because it has potential to help human body in 3 different ways - It stops creation of new fat cells (adipogenesis) - It begins the process of fat burning (lipolysis) - It boosts up the ability of liver to convert fat into to the energy supply These properties have been explained in one of the authentic scientific journals that named as Nutrition & Metabolism. Additionally, white tea has different varieties and almost all of them have the same very effects with additional benefits of antioxidants, and they are light on calorie scale too. Bottom Line: Drink away your fat with the addition of white tea in your diet. 4. Dark Chocolate: Are you one of those people who consider that when you are on a fat loss journey, you are going to leave everything that includes your all time favorite indulgences? The Chocolate that contains 70% or more Cacao can be helpful in providing your weight loss extra support. As per a study that was carried away in the State University of Louisiana, chocolate has the power to create compounds that are polyphenols and they are good for your gut health. There are a few more elements like fatty acids and butyrate that are also very helpful in boosting the human body in melting the fat like fuel for energy and they also happen to restrict the genes that are connected to cause the feeling of inflammation. Add 1 or 2 fruits to jack up the process of fermentation in your body to release all the previously mentioned compounds from the dark chocolate into your body. Bottom Line: Chocolate eating is good for your health as well it is good for losing weight too because it contains the high amount of polyphenols that are antioxidants. 5. Black Beans: This humble food category just appears “humble” look wise only otherwise in terms of properties, pulses are truly magical potent if nothing less. First of all, beans are ideal for starch resistance (slow digestive food) and black beans, in particular, they contain fibers that are insoluble and they appear to feed the bacteria in your guts that are healthy for you. Moreover, they also lead the generation of certain chemicals like butyrate that are super cool as they boost your body for fat burning. Just merely taken 10 grams of this type of food category can lead your body to loss 3.7 % belly fat over the period of 5 years. Bottom Line: Beans are totally a good option for weight loss. 6. Dried Tomatoes: There are many different food items that are sun dried in different cultures around the globe and tomatoes are one of those items. Recently in a Japanese study, it has been discovered that an element that is present in this red fruit (the name of the compound is 9-oxo-ODA). This compound surprisingly has power to activate the gene in your DNA that can burn excess fat. Moreover, tomatoes are a highly rich source of Lycopene and beta-carotene (by the way, these both compounds are antioxidants too), these elements can eliminate those harmful substances that are normally considered responsible for evoking the storage of fat. The best thing is that tomatoes come in the category of those foods that have more properties to offer after they are in the cooked form plus it has been proven that people who have a good amount of Lycopene and Beta-carotene in their diets are likely to have the lowest fat in their belly area and they also have the smallest circumference of their waists. Bottom Line: add some sun dried tomatoes in your diet and they are even better if they are cooked because the Lycopene ratio in cooked tomatoes gets even higher. 7. Grape Fruit (A citrus family member): Simply a slice of grape fruit that you happen to add in your salad can be like a match stick that can start a change reaction for fat burning. A relevant journal to Metabolism has revealed that people who eat grape fruit just even for the duration of six weeks merely can reduce up to 1 complete inch from the area of their waists. What is the catch here? Okay, so grape fruit is blessed with bioactive substances like Phytochemicals that are great at stimulating the secretion adiponectin (an essential hormone), It performs a crucial role in the human body for breaking down the excess fat where as another study indicates that this delicious fruit is capable of activating burning of calories in the form of brown fat cells plus it also happens to suppress the feeling of hunger naturally. Bottom Line: the fat blasting properties can be experienced with grape fruit intake even with just a few chunks of it! 8. Coconut Oil: Coconut is a Tropical fruit that is already jam packed with beauty and health benefits. This is a quite interesting finding that the fat of this tropical fruit in the form of oil can actually make you slim. There are numerous studies which confirm such findings that coconut oil can literally torch the fat away specifically in your belly or lower abdominal area. Moreover, in a study that was conducted on a reasonable number of subjects (participants) concluded that the group which was asked to add 2 tablespoons oil of coconut in their diet and the other group which was asked to add 2 tablespoons oil of soybean, both experienced weight loss but the group with coconut oil actually experienced reduction in the waistlines up to a significant mark. These results were possible thanks to the Lauric acid and Triglycerides C.O.’s medium-chain that help coconut oil to be burned as the energy source rather being stored in the form of fat. Bottom Line: Coconut oil is one of the apt choices among all the oils that are edible ones. Dried spices are not only great to add flavor to your food but also they can provide some really unique and great health benefits whether you add them to your cooking or just sprinkle them a bit on to your food, they are equally beneficial. Cinnamon is one of those spices that can provide a delicious aroma to your cuisine but it can also stabilize the levels of insulin in your blood or can reduce the feeling of hunger. Several studies are conducted on it and they have confirmed that a compound that is part of cinnamon (Cinnamaldehyde) is apt for losing waistline fat without causing any trouble to the consumer plus this spice is rich in antioxidants. Bottom Line: Have some cinnamon in your diet to experience its antioxidant properties. 10. Forbidden Rice: Forbidden rice another name for black rice, this is a type of rice that is likely to be less popular than brown or white rice in all over the world but it is an ancient grain that has been pretty popular in the royal cuisine because of its tremendous benefits that are not normally found in the other kinds of rice. Black rice offers antioxidants that are great at fighting the different diseases or can even stop their formation, diseases that are related to heart, cancers of several types or diabetes. This particular type has anti-inflammatory characteristics and a higher index of dietary fiber. Moreover, the rice has been in use of royals for thousands of years in China but now it is getting equally popular in the area like Europe, Australia, and the USA as the scientists are carrying several types of research on black rice to understand this category fully. Bottom Line: Black rice is good at the benefits. All the previously mentioned food items are highly helpful for fat loss and they have been selected carefully. But did you know? You happen to multiply the great effect of these food items if you do some exercise and introduce some healthy habits in your life. Giving a try is a must!
|This article or subsection has an associated category.||Frigis| History[edit | edit source] Around 900,000 years ago (before 2370) the planet was an outpost of dissidents of the Chodak Empire who opposed the misuse of the Unity Device. They built a considerable amount of technology on the world including pharonium pyramids which they remained after their successful coup and disappearance with the Device. A thousand years ago, the planet was settled by Garidian refugees/colonists, led by the Lawgiver Avatrunei and his Followers, carrying with themselves the precious Fifth Scroll. During their stay the Garidians studied and made use of the abandoned Chodak technology while also establishing their civilization according to their philosophy. The Lawgiver made a great study of the ruins and even developed a Chodak/Garidian translator. The Garidian disciples used a Chodak chameleon field, a kind of cloaking device to protect themselves in case Garid's forces came after them. As a consequence, Frigis remained unknown and isolated for the next millennium. Romulans and Garidians had made claims on the world. Not long after their colonization, Avatrunei's disciples had diverged, interpreting the Fifth Scroll according to their own preference. Barinom, Plegu and Ifnik made their own copies of the Scroll and founded their sects. The Chodak pyramids were adapted by the sects to serve as a transporter to their temple. In 2200s the colony scientists found a Chodak data crystal which, because of its fragility, could not be read. The planet itself was ruled by a chancellor. By the 24th century, a Ferengi trader, Aramut, was the first and only alien to visit the planet. The colonists decided to trade some animals with outside technology. In 2370, the year the Lawgiver predicted that a a team of aliens would visit the planet, the USS Enterprise (NCC-1701-D) arrived on the planet looking for the Fifth Scroll. Chancellor Laraq welcomed a team led by William Riker who managed to discover the Scroll. This not only helped the sects to overcome their feuds, but also brought the two cultures together. However the Garidians were after the Enterprise and thus learned the truth about Frigis, which they shared with the Romulans. During the Romulan incursion, Frigis was attacked by Romulan forces, although the colonists pretended that the planet was deserted; Laraq sought help of the Enterprise as an act of good faith, since the Federation protects its planets. (TNG video game: A Final Unity)
Each morning we slather our faces and bodies with thousands of chemicals hidden inside cosmetics and personal care products, many of which can be toxic. Talc, for example, the main ingredient in baby powder, has been linked to ovarian cancer for decades. Yet, Johnson & Johnson (J&J) continues to put their baby powder on our shelves, without any warning labels – and despite having already paid billions in punitive damages to women who’ve successfully argued that claim (a Canadian lawsuit is ongoing too). In 2004, Dr. Philippa Darbre, a UK scientist, found parabens, a chemical preservative in many cosmetics, in breast tissue. In 2018, the National Institute of Health’s sister study linked breast cancer to personal care product use. Just some of the many stories that make us wonder why more isn’t being done to protect people from the products they use daily. The documentary, Toxic Beauty, is an eye-opening, riveting and frightening look at the little-regulated beauty industry, with the backdrop an ongoing class action lawsuit against J&J. Incorporating interviews with scientists, lawyers, advocates, regulators, a whistleblowing powerhouse and women who have since lost their lives, Toxic Beauty is a must-see for anyone who believes big industry and regulators are looking out for their best interests. Woven throughout the film is a human experiment by Boston University medical student, Mymy Nguyen, who measures her chemical body burden from more than 27 products as scientists monitor and share the shocking results. Having already made the rounds at film festivals, the film can be found on Amazon, iTunes, demand.film and is streaming in Canada at CBC Gem. Written and directed by Canadian filmmaker Phyllis Ellis, the film ultimately begs the question: are cosmetics and personal care products making us sick? We recently sat down with Ellis to chat about the film, what inspired her work, any updates on the lawsuit, and advice for those of us wondering who to trust and how to make smarter choices when purchasing personal care products. How did you learn about the lawsuit with Johnson & Johnson? Do you have any updates on where the Canadian lawsuit stands today? When we started researching the topic of toxicants in cosmetics and personal care products, we knew we needed real women, a narrative to follow and one that had solid research and science behind it. Dr. Daniel Cramer, who was one of our first interviews explained in detail his story, research and relationship to finding a causal link between talc and ovarian cancer in 1982. He was really our entry into that story. But I had read in the media about the J&J talc litigation prior to meeting him. Then I met Joel Rochon, who is one of the lead lawyers on the Canadian litigation. I don’t have a current update on the Canadian lawsuit only to say that there are hundreds of women and the team is very committed to justice for them. Are there those still pushing the argument that there’s no link between Talc and ovarian cancer? Or do you feel the link is more accepted today (after the lawsuit)? From what certainly Dr. Cramer and attorney Allan Smith have communicated, any strong push toward the argument that there is no link is likely research supported by industry. What we learn in the film, through our expert independent scientists, researchers and also through the first congressional hearing on talc March 2018, is that there is in fact a direct link between talc and ovarian cancer. Many would be surprised to learn that their beauty products don’t have warning labels on them, despite research proving they can be harmful. How can women take better care of themselves in this environment? That’s the multi-billion-dollar question. Now that we are aware of the issues around regulation or lack there of, we need to be informed. Check labels on new purchases, and also the products we are using daily on ourselves, children and loved ones. And there are a couple of app’s, although not always reliable or might not cover your brand, like Think Dirty or Skin Deep. At least it’s a reference. Be very careful with any products that have the word fragrance or parfum. We learned that those words can contain hundreds of chemicals and some of those chemicals can be harmful. But they are not labeled. They don’t have to be listed, as most ‘fragrance’ is proprietary. What has been the response to your movie by J&J and others in the cosmetic industry? I haven’t heard from anyone. Not during filming or after. Some turned down interviews. What are some things we can all do to change the industry and its lack of regulation and silence on these issues? Contact your MP and tell them we need to push stricter and more fulsome regulations on cosmetics and personal care products. Reduce, reduce and remove products from your daily routine. We all likely know this but not many products do what they say they will do so if we stop purchasing then the brands will have to reformulate.
Spring Hill FL First Time Home Buyers– Get Help Cutting Through The Economic Haze Spring Hill FL first-time home buyers in 2014 are faced with a question that hasn’t changed for generations: is it more practical to buy right now, or to continue to rent? Over the past few years, buying has been the easy choice. Nationally, in 2013 it cost 35% less to own a home than to rent according to that year’s study by real estate website Trulia. That despite rising house prices and mortgage rates. But that was last year, and the experts have been pretty unanimous in predicting that interest rates will continue to rise—ending up somewhere near 5.5% by 2014’s end (per the National Association of REALTORS®). In the face of higher interest rates and house price tags, will 2014 be the year when renting becomes more affordable than buying? While first-time home buyers in Spring Hill FL are faced with increasing house prices and mortgage rates, renters also find another national trend: higher rents. Rents have been on the rise for the past few years, with continued increases expected throughout 2014. According to Axiometrics, the folks with the latest data, apartment rents are on course to rise by 3.04% in 2014. Research firm Reis puts the expected rise at 3.15%— and both say the causes are the potent combination of tight supply and rising demand. Whenever the economy improves, each incremental gain puts even more pressure on rents—which acts as an offset to any financial benefits of renting versus owning. Where does that leave our typical Spring Hill FL first-time home buyers? Most recently, national averages show it is still about 21% cheaper to own rather than rent. According to the Trulia study, by fall of last year, the earliest tipping point at which it would have become more expensive to own rather than rent would have been expected to occur if interest rates hit 6.2%—but only in Spring Hill FL—and only if rents had remained fixed (which didn’t happen, even in Hernando County). Nationally, out here in the real world, Tulia admitted “mortgage rates will not tip the housing market in favor of renting over buying until rates hit 10.5%…” Spring Hill FL first-time home buyers can be a bit more confident as they take in one more piece of information from the real world of April 2014 (no matter what the experts predicted): over the past few weeks, national mortgage interest rates have been edging down instead of rising! That may well change direction again (probably will), but for now at least, I have to say that it’s a pretty clear call in the spring of 2014: time to get pre-approved and find the perfect home in Spring Hill FL or the surrounding Hernando County Real Estate markets!
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE March 1st, 2016 (Boulder, CO) – Jennifer Fly, Vice President of Colorado Landmark, Realtors, spoke at the Leading Real Estate Companies of the World® Performance SUMMIT, which took place February 22-24 at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach. The event was part of the Leading Real Estate Companies of the World® (LeadingRE) Conference Week, which attracted a prestigious audience of nearly 2,500 real estate professionals from 25 countries. Performance SUMMIT was open exclusively to sales professionals from companies affiliated with LeadingRE, a global community of independent real estate companies awarded membership based on rigorous standards for service and performance. Sessions addressed a wide range of real estate topics, including how today’s globally aware consumers, the sociopolitical climate, the economy and the upcoming U.S. Presidential election will impact the real estate market. Participants explored new approaches for marketing, social media and technology and exchanged ideas on how to best meet the needs of home buyers and sellers. Fly presented information on Best Technology and Social Media Tools, sharing insights on best practices and uses of social media applications like Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and Snapchat, for real estate professionals and companies. Fly was among a notable line-up of speakers, which included David Gregory, television host, author and former moderator of NBC’s Meet the Press; James Kane, author, behavioral scientist and the world’s foremost expert on loyalty; and Erik Stolhanske, actor, writer and producer of major motion pictures. “I am so proud to be a part of such an elite group of real estate professionals,” said Fly. “It brings me a lot of satisfaction to be able to share my knowledge of cutting edge technology and social media tools within the industry in this way.” “Having our member speakers so generously share their insights and strategies with their fellow members is one of the most beneficial things about our conference,” said Pam O’Connor, president/CEO of LeadingRE. “We are thankful for their contributions to the program and for helping ensure our sessions are relevant and impactful, as we strive to offer today’s home buyers and sellers the very best service.” Colorado Landmark, Realtors is one of the only Boulder representatives of Leading Real Estate Companies of the World® (www.LeadingRE.com), the largest network of premier locally-branded firms in more than 50 countries producing over one million annual home sale transactions. As a member of LeadingRE, Colorado Landmark, Realtors provides a quality real estate experience, global marketing reach and access to top real estate professionals in any market.
About SiMODiSA DIGITAL PORTAL Whether you have an idea, are starting up, growing or accelerating your business, we aim to connect you to investors, resources, templates, tools, markets and mentorship that are useful and tailored to entrepreneurs’ unique business needs. We are a group of like minded individuals and organisations to help entrepreneurs get off the ground. Whether it’s finding funding, mentors or as simple as recommending shared office spaces. There is a need to create a single, comprehensive national entrepreneurial portal that aggregates all the resources that share information, opportunities, networks, access to funding, access to market information and links, for high impact high growth businesses in South Africa. Stages of the business Contribute to the growing number of successful entrepreneurs in South Africa by partnering with SiMODiSA Digital Portal. Are you a funder, mentor, incubator, accelerator or small business supporter? Do you have an event, tool, article or any interesting copy you would like to share with the entrepreneurial community? Your contribution will ensure that entrepreneurs in South Africa are able to receive the best in business resources, tools and advice that will build profitable businesses. We appreciate your contribution to the growing number of successful entrepreneurs and encourage you to submit your information, opportunities, tools, templates for entrepreneurs by clicking contribute below.
Minnesota Knowledge to Practice in Adolescent Health Presents a Series of Adolescent Health Webinars These webinars are geared toward health care and allied health professionals. "I have this friend and she was just wondering..." Answering Difficult Questions for Teens View the archived webinar. (Please note: The first 2 minutes of the webinar have some technical difficulties. Please either skip to the 2:15 minute mark or be patient as the webinar will start around there.) Oral Health and HPV-Related Cancer Prevention: Conversation & Holistic Views Where are Clinics Going? Sustainability of Modern Day Youth Clinics When Parents are in Prison: Implications for Adolescent Health and Development
About the artists: Lucky Buttons Jewelry is a husband/wife team. Lucky began making coin rings in 2014. The first process took about 10 hours per ring. Since then he has learned and developed many different techniques. Once he learns something, he applies it to everything else and begins exploring and creating new styles and pieces. Lucky makes everything with hand tools.; none of the pieces are touched by anything that plugs into a wall. All items are designed and handcrafted by Lucky with the assistance of Lucy. Both Lucky and Lucy search out the coins and work together to figure out what will become of them. Lucy hand paints all the banners and signs you see at the shop. She also organizes their art festival gigs, has developed this website, manages custom orders and the business as a whole.. Lucy is probably the one you will be in contact with when you email us. Together they create a dynamic team that is "Lucky Buttons Jewelry!" Both were born in Roanoke, Virginia. They met in 2008 and have teamed together in their endeavors ever since. From playing in a pool league together to being professional musicians for 8 years traveling the US and into Mexico, Their goals have always included spreading inspiration and joy to all they meet. Come meet them in person at the Roanoke Historic City Market, downtown Roanoke, Virginia! Their season starts mid March until Dec. 30th. Regular hours are: Fridays and Sundays 9:00am-4pm DUE to the 2020 Pandemic, we are currently working from home only and available only for online orders. We are doing all we can to keep us and everyone safe. They do a few art festivals throughout the year also. Be sure to follow Lucky Buttons Jewelry on facebook and Instagram for the latestschedule updates.
A full-time waitress, part-time entrepreneur with a desire to solve some of the world’s injustices will use the Miss BC Pageant this weekend in Fort Langley as her proverbial soapbox. The Langley City woman is one of 27 contenders vying for the Miss BC crown during the Miss, Miss Teen, Jr. Miss, and Mrs BC Pageant happening Monday, July 2 at the Chief Sepass Theatre in Fort Langley. “I entered this pageant for many reasons. However, the main reason, is so that I can use my voice. I want to share my thoughts,” said the Kelowna-born woman. “By participating in Miss BC, I hope to meet new people, share my passions, obtain leadership skills, inspire people and in turn, be inspired,” she said. “I believe with all my heart that I have something unique to share with the world, and I am ready to do so.” Describing herself as a individualist and a passionate environmentalist, she’s looking for a chance to step out of her comfort zone and speak to the need to care for the planet. “I absolutely love earth. Since a young age I’ve been taught to appreciate the environment and all of its beauty. I truly believe it is our duty to nurture our nature just as she has done for us. This is why I chose to go to school for environmental studies,” Scott said. Moreover, however, she hopes to use the pageant as a platform to speak out about social justice – or lack there of, in her view. Her mother was a recent victim of domestic abuse. “Educating people about the impacts of domestic abuse is a very important to me. Even though it didn’t happen to me directly, I almost lost my mom to it, so it is very real to me,” explained Scott. “Seeing her go through what she did has taught me how important it is to use our voices. I want to share my story in hopes that it will inspire strength in other women.” In fact, believing in the power of speaking out, she wants people to feel comfortable enough to talk about the hardships they are facing, and hopes to inspire such. “Everything happens for a reason. I’d like to believe that is why I’ve stumbled upon this amazing opportunity,” she said of the competition. As one of the late entries, this 25-year-old wilderness lover admitted she never entered the Miss BC pageant to win. “I’m entering to gain experience and prospective. All I can say is that I hope my individuality will be embraced,” she said. The Miss BC pageant also marks what she calls the beginning of her involvement with the community. She settled into Langley City three years ago, after growing up nearby in the Clayton Heights area, and has just recently begun contributing and volunteering. For instance, Scott said, she gives $5 a month to the It Works! Gives Back Foundation and sponsoring a little boy in Africa. But this “adventure” is really her launching pad for engaging in her community. “This is just the beginning of my humanitarian dream,” she said. Each year, the contestants in Miss BC must fundraise for the Cops for Cancer, and in the past decade that has translated to more than $350,000 for the cause. This weekend’s events Scott is looking forward to fostering new friendships with some of the other contestants. There are actually 45 contestants competing this year, including six in the Mrs. category, 12 in the Miss Teen classification, and the 27 (including Scott and fellow Langleyites Alice Kim and Natasha Chadney) vying for the Miss BC crown. Training and workshops run June 30 to July 2, with the crowning ceremonies on Monday evening. It’s not a beauty contest, organizers clarify. It’s a program offering training and workshops aimed at enhancing each contender’s self-esteem and personal development while recognizing their strengths, talents, and accomplishments. “This year, I believe I will bring something different to the stage. Not only as an individual, but as a signal for progressive change,” Scott said. Proudly representing her sponsor, Hempyz, she encouraged others to seek out and participate in this event in future: “This opportunity would be great for any female… I’d say if you feel you have a positive opinion to share then definitely apply next year’s pageant.” For more information, visit their website. Is there more to this story?
Be really familiar with your surroundings. You need to be in tune with nature as you fish. See to it that your reel is both clean as well as lube. Casting in addition to drawing in the fish are some of the most vital parts of angling. A well-oiled reel means easier casts and less work attracting the fish. Maintaining your rod properly can make a substantial distinction. Evening spiders, as well as worms, are great lure when you wish to catch perch. Although most individuals choose fresh lure for catching perch, man-made bait is okay too. This is a really simple method to carry your monofilament around. The containers integrated into cutter is also be used to clip leader. Have them handy as a preventative measure up until you are accustomed to the waves. Be particular to choose the appropriate attraction for each fishing scenario. Various fishing places or varieties of the same fish pond or stream may benefit from a various selection in appeals. Each attraction is designed for varying places and fish. It may take some screening, however, it will make angling much less complex. If you’re attempting to catch catfish, make sure that your lure goes deeply right into the water since they are bottom feeders. Even the very same lure however various outcomes when tried in another color. Fish act in a different way when they see different colors, so what jobs might transform each day. Angling is an enjoyable activity and must not be a frustration; the guidance supplied here can aid you to look forward to angling again. It is flawlessly acceptable to prefer success; therefore, discover all that you perhaps can prior to you venture out as well as capture the huge one for dinner!
Here’s a thought experiment for you. Imagine yourself in an alternate United States where the First Amendment is not as a matter of settled law considered to bar Federal and State governments from almost all interference in free speech. This is less unlikely than it might sound; the modern, rather absolutist interpretation of free-speech liberties did not take form until the early 20th century. In this alternate America, there are many and bitter arguments about the extent of free-speech rights. The ground of dispute is to what extent the instruments of political and cultural speech (printing presses, radios, telephones, copying machines, computers) should be regulated by government so that use of these instruments does not promote violence, assist criminal enterprises, and disrupt public order. The weight of history and culture is largely on the pro-free-speech side – the Constitution does say “Congress shall make no law … prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press”. And until the late 1960s there is little actual attempt to control speech instruments. Then, in 1968, after a series of horrific crimes and assassinations inspired by inflammatory anti-establishment political propaganda, some politicians, prominent celebrities, and public intellectuals launch a “speech control” movement. They wave away all comparisons to Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia, insisting that their goal is not totalitarian control but only the prevention of the most egregious abuses in the public square. So strong is public revulsion against the violence of 1968 that the first prohibition on speech instruments passes rapidly. The dissidents used slow, inexpensive hand-cranked mimeograph machines and hand presses to spread their poison; these “Saturday Night Specials” are banned. Slightly more capable printers still inexpensive enough to be owned by individual citizens are made subject to mandatory registration. A few civil libertarians call out warnings but are dismissed as extremists and generally ignored. Legitimate media and publishing corporations, assured by speech-control activists that their presses will not be affected by any measures the speech-control movement has in mind, raise little protest themselves. Strangely, the ban on Saturday Night Specials fails to reduce the ills it was intended to address. Violent dissidents and criminals, it seems, find little difficulty in stealing typewriters, copiers, and more expensive printing equipment – none of it subject to registration. The speech-control movement insists that stricter laws regulating speech instruments are the answer. By about 1970 convicted felons are prohibited from owning typewriters. A few years later all dealers in printing supplies, telephones, radios, and other communication equipment are required to have federal licenses as a condition of business, and are subject to government audits at any time. The announced intention of these laws is to prevent dangerous speech instruments from falling into the hands of criminals and madmen. In 1976 the National Writers’ Association, previously a rather somnolent social club best known for sponsoring speed-typing contests, is taken over in a palace coup by an insurgent gang of pro-free-speech radicals. They display an unexpected flair for grass-roots organization, and within five years have developed a significant lobbying arm in Washington D.C. They begin pushing back against speech-instrument restrictions. But the speech-control movement seems to be winning most of the battles. In 1986 ownership of automatic so-called “class 3” press equipment is banned except for federally-licensed individuals and corporations. The media is flooded with academic studies purporting to show that illicit speech instruments cause crime and violence, though for some reason the researchers making these claims often refuse to publish their primary data sets. In unguarded moments and friendly company the speech-control movement’s leadership describes its goal expansively as confiscation and bans on all speech instruments not under direct government control or licensing. For public consumption, however, they speak only of “common-sense regulation” – conveniently never quite achieved, and always requiring more restrictions designed to increase the costs and legal risks for individuals owning speech instruments. Free-speech advocates begin referring to the speech-control movement’s tactics as “salami-slicing” – carving away rights one “reasonable” slice at a time until there is nothing left. Document leaks from major speech-control lobbying organizations confirm that this is their strategy (they call it “incrementalism”), and that they intend to continue lying about their objectives in public until the goal is so nearly achieved that admitting the truth will no longer prevent final victory. But much of the general public, the American moderate middle, takes the speech-control movement’s public rhetoric at face value. Who can be against “reasonable restrictions” and “common-sense regulation”? Especially when pundits assure them that free speech was never intended by the framers of the Constitution to be interpreted as an individual right, but as a collective right of the people to be exercised only as members of government-controlled or sponsored corporate bodies. But by 1990 many individual private owners of telephones and computers, though themselves still almost untouched by the new laws, are nevertheless becoming suspicious of the speech-control movement and increasingly frustrated with the NWA’s sluggish and inadequate counters to it. Awareness of the pattern of salami-slicing and strategic deception by the other side is spreading well beyond hard-core free-speech activists. In 2001, an eminent historian named Prettyisland publishes a book entitled “Printing America”. In it, he argues that pre-Civil war Americans never placed the high value on free speech and freedom of expression asserted in popular history, and that ownership of speech instruments was actually rare in the Revolutionary period. He is awarded a Bancroft Prize; his book receives glowing reviews in academia and all media outlets and is taken up as a major propaganda cudgel by the speech-control movement. Within 18 months dedicated free-speech activists led by an amateur scholar show that “Printing America” was a wholesale fraud. The probate records Prettyisland claims to have examined never existed. He has systematically misquoted and distorted his sources. Shamefaced academics recant their support; his Bancroft Prize is revoked. The speech-control movement takes a major loss in its credibility, and free speech activists a corresponding gain. Free-speech advocacy organizations more willing to confront their enemies than the NWA arise, and find increasing grassroots support – Printer Owners of America, Advocates for the First Amendment, Jews for the Preservation of Computer Ownership. The members of these organizations know that many people advocating “reasonable restrictions” and advocating “common-sense regulation” are not actually seeking total bans and confiscation. They’re honest dupes, believing ridiculous collective-rights theories because that’s what all the eminent people who gave Prettyisland’s book glowing reviews told them was true. They honestly believe that anyone who doesn’t support “common-sense regulation” is a dangerous, out-of-touch radical. Free-speech advocates also know that some people speaking the same moderate-sounding language – including most of the leadership of the speech-control movement – are lying, and are using the people in the first group as cat’s paws for an agenda that can only honestly be described as the totalitarian suppression of free speech. Increasingly, the difference between these groups becomes irrelevant. What has happened is that four decades of strategic deception by the leadership of the speech-control movement has destroyed the credibility of the honest middle. Free-speech activists, unable to read minds, have to assume defensively that everyone using the moderate-middle language of “common-sense regulation” is lying to hide a creeping totalitarian agenda. The moderate middle, unaware of how it has been used, doesn’t get any of this. All they hear is the yelling. They don’t understand why the free-speech activists react to their reasonable language with hatred and loathing. The preceding was a work of fiction. But I’d only have to change a dozen or so nouns and names and phrases to make it all true (some of the dates might be off a little). I bet you can break the code, and if you are “moderate” you may find it explains a few things. Have fun!
I’ve been at the Jungle for two weeks now — imagine that! I’m still at the very bottom of my new-hire learning curve; every day I come away feeling like the number of things I don’t know is greater than it was the day before. But I’m not worried. Instead I focus on little things, like arranging my office furniture . . . |I like the simple “door” desk (an homage to the early days of the company, when the founder couldn’t afford any desk other than a door laid over two trestles). But oh, I miss my view of Pennsylvania Avenue! . . . and trying to figure out how many days before I can take down the welcome poster without hurting feelings. |Don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the gesture! But fluorescent yellow has never been my favorite accent color. The comforting thing is that I’ve discovered that it’s not the legal stuff I need to worry about. Once I learn enough about the business to understand what’s going on, the legal work is familiar (which is not the same thing as easy) and I know how to handle it. For example, on my third day of work I went with my manager to a meeting with some of the key business leaders we support. They were wrestling with a particular problem and, once I figured out what all the words and acronyms meant, I realized I could see a solution that no one else had mentioned yet. So I raised my hand and offered my views; the business team loved it and ran with it. Later, when I saw the woman who ran the meeting, I began to reintroduce myself and she said, “I know who you are. You’re the guy who had the smart fix in our meeting the other day.” That made me happy for a lot of reasons. Partly because this woman strikes me as one of the smartest and most competent people I’ve met so far at the company. She’s definitely someone whose good opinion I want. Also because the transition from being a high-performer in a major law firm to being an unknown newbie in a giant corporation is a little unsettling, and it was nice to get some positive feedback (however insignificant) so early on. Getting known as the “smart” guy also felt like a step in the right direction from a repetitional perspective. Obviously it’s good to be well regarded under any circumstances, but I’ve learned that I’m being measured against some pretty high expectations. I’m told by the higher ups that I came very highly recommended by some of the partners at my old law firm (who I had no idea were talking about me to the Jungle). And my peers seem to be impressed and/or intimidated by the fact that I’ve got a lot of really cool and very directly relevant legal experience (by contrast, many of them didn’t get into this type of work until they got to the Jungle, having spent their time in their prior law firms doing more general corporate work). I won’t say that I’m not flattered and pleased by this nascent reputation, but I also recognize that I need to be careful not to disappoint. I want to hit the ground running and basically be a super-star from the beginning, and it’s hard to feel like I’m doing that when I spend most of each day trying to figure out where the elevators are and how to log onto my computer. So any hint of having contributed something of value is very welcome. This next week should provide some additional opportunities to make a contribution. My manager and one of my other colleagues are away on vacation, which means that I’ll be fielding pretty much everything that they handle on my own. I’m crossing my fingers that there aren’t any fire drills and that we get through the week more or less in one piece…
I went to the dentist today and had a bonding done on my front teeth to close a gap I got from biting down on a salad fork. When I paid my bill it hit me how much stuff I could have gotten for the Wing, especially during the Christmas sale that just finished, for that $310 that the dentist charged. With a full face on no one could really notice the gap but they would have noticed some of the goodies I should have put on. I am such an idiot!! Oh well, I will have to ride a little more cautious to protect this new dental work.
Easy video tutorial – how to make a doughnut stuffed toy out of a sock. It will take you 10 minutes to do and it could be used as a stress toy, pincushion, air freshener or pillow (if you’ll make 9 of them). Also I show how to make mini donuts out of a glove (10 fingers – 10 tiny donuts). Impressively cute! 🙂 I start my video with a tutorial of multifunctional stuffed donut toy. All you’ll need to make are: 1 sock (of any color), a piece of felt (or any fabric of any color), polyester stuffing (you can take a bit from pillow or stuff a toy with other material) and beads or yarn (optional). I show how to make a soft donut with pink icing and with brown chocolate icing. First one with beads (as sprinkles) and the second is with white “glaze” stripes. What for are they? You can use it as a toy, room decoration (bright spots in your interior), pin cushion, air freshener (just drip few drops of fragrance oil), or, which is my favorite option, make 9 donuts and make a donut pillow! How to make it you’ll find out in my video. Next part of my tutorial shows how to make mini donuts (or baby donuts, as I called them). For these babes you will need a glove (or pair), a piece of fabric (for “frosting”) and bugles, beads or anything for decoration. You can use these tiny doughnuts as pencil toppers, fridge magnets or as a brooch – up to you! And the final part of the tutorial is about DIY hand warmers and stress toys. You will need a pair of socks (actually, you can use a sleeve or tights…), rice and piece of cloth for “icing”. Don’t glue fabric if you want to use it as a hand warmers. So this donut must be sewed! When “donuts” will be ready – microwave them on high for 30 seconds, then put into your coat pockets. Rice will save a warm for, at least, 2 hours and will help your hands not to chill. This kind of donut toys are great to calm nerves! Just squish them! Rice makes such a pleasant noise and feels so relaxing in hands! My video about DIY Antistress ball is so popular, so I’ve decided to make an option 🙂 Follow me on Instagram: https://instagram.com/idunngoddess/ Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/IdunnGoddess Follow me on G+ : https://plus.google.com/+Coloredtips1/ Welcome to my blog: http://coloredtips.com/ Good luck! 🙂
In an interview in July 2020, Donald Trump, President of the United States, told an American TV host, Chris Wallace that he is “not a good loser,” when asked about the possibility of the November Presidential election results not being in his favour. “I am not going to just say yes. I’m not going to say no.” Since he began his run for President in the 2016 elections, Trump has been extremely vocal about claiming rigged elections even after he won, and that Democrats have set out to make him lose through a variety of alleged means. Similarly in this election, he has continuously claimed that expansion of absentee and mail-in ballots will ‘corrupt’ the election. Even before the pandemic, as early as May 2019, there were concerns that Trump won’t allow for an easy transition of power, to the extent that Speaker Nancy Pelosi had to comment on them. It’s possible Trump has been escalating this rhetoric because his COVID-19 mismanagement among other things, has put him behind his rival Joe Biden in national polls. It is bad enough that a President is questioning the integrity of elections with little to no proof to back up his exaggerations, but this will almost definitely lead to the people of the country— whether his supporters or not— distrusting the elections as well. Despite the absentee and mail-in ballots being provided due to the coronavirus pandemic, to enable social distancing and to allow people to vote safely from home. Trump has often played down the coronavirus pandemic, and called Anthony Fauci, the National Institutes of Health expert on infectious diseases, an “alarmist” for raising issues pertaining to COVID-19. The chances of an “electoral meltdown” are slim, but not impossible; the right (or wrong) mix of factors can lead to disaster. Lawrence Douglas, professor of law, jurisprudence and social thought, at Amherst College, Massachusetts. imagined a scenario where the difference between Trump and Biden rests on swing states and mail ballot results. Given the chance of a higher than usual number of mail-in ballots this year due to the pandemic, delays in counting votes are to be expected. Trump wouldn’t be slow to claim rigged elections and refuse to wait for all votes to be counted and right-wing media wouldn’t be slow to broadcast this everywhere. In a closely fought election like this US Presidential election , the ‘Swing states’ (where both parties enjoy similar levels of popularity) will play a major role in the outcome. Three of the major swing states in America: Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania have Republican lawmakers but Democratic governors. Each state is required to submit electoral certificates declaring the election winner in their state. By the time all votes are counted, Republican legislatures and Democratic governors might end up submitting conflicting election results for the same state. A similar stalemate had occurred in 1876. It led to a “disastrous” compromise and the 1887 Electoral Count Act, which, according to Professor Douglas, may prove deficient in preparing for an impasse like the one that currently looms in the realm of possibility. If Trump were to challenge the result he might have a few options for his course of action. He could challenge the results in court, as happened in 2000 in the state of Florida. Or, Republicans in state legislatures might use the Constitution to override the decision of the popular vote. According to speaker Nancy Pelosi, Democratic nominee Joe Biden, and some Trump campaign spokespeople believe that Trump will accept the results of the election but do not rule out the possibility of him putting up a fight. For others, given what is known about Trump’s behaviour, it’s more or less anticipated that he, and his twitter, will be raging with a lot of accusations if he loses the election, especially if it happens by a close margin. The important questions related to what he chooses to do about it and who backs him up.
Masten Art Glass PO Box 223165 Carmel, CA 93922 Home » CUSTOM GLASS Overall dimensions: 15 3/4 by 14 1/2 inches wide. Glass circle is 12 inches in diameter. This custom designed fused glass art sculpture, by Mary Masten, shows two people holding hands, jumping together. Could be a wedding gift piece. Colors are red, yellow, with a pale blue tint background piece. Stand is black steel. « Previous | Next » Masten Art Glass, All rights reserved.Design and Hosting by SanbornWebDesigns
A natural look with personality Villeroy&Boch Flooring Line For centuries, Villeroy&Boch has been setting standards in innovative design and top quality. The same applies for the Villeroy&Boch line of high-quality laminate flooring, which is inspired by nature's most beautiful models: the perfect imperfection of small grain sizes and embossed effects of wood and stone. The four collections of Country, Contemporary, Heritage and Cosmopolitan combine aesthetics with ecology and functionality. This is apparent not only in the homely atmosphere within the room, but also with every step on the warm, springy surfaces. Modern wood-based products combine the material’s natural radiance with technical perfection in processing. Villeroy & Boch laminate collections offer ideal laminate flooring to suit every lifestyle, every ambience and every requirement.
www.agroinsurance.com is a specialized informational and analytical resource featuring a broad array of issues related to agricultural insurance and risk management in the agrarian sector. The web-site was founded in 2006 by Roman Shynkarenko and a team of consultants that have worked in the insurance sector and have an analytical, research and training professional background. We have accumulated many documents while working in the segment of agricultural insurance for the past 10 years and would like to offer them to the visitors of their web-site. They will place specific information on the web-site www.agroinsurance.com including analytical papers, descriptions of insurance products, methodological instructions regarding the design of new products, translations of international documents and descriptions of agricultural insurance programs in other countries. The main objective of the web-site is supporting development of agricultural insurance worldwide through the dissemination of impartial professional information to all interested parties. The major types of their activities are to: provide information on innovative insurance products for agricultural applications; organize trainings, informational events, conferences and forums; consult agricultural producers deciding to insure their crops and livestock; perform an analysis of insurance products and government support programs; consult insurance companies about the development and introduction of insurance products and assist in the implementation of marketing and informational campaigns. Insurance of agricultural risks is one of the most difficult types of insurance. They offer assistance in the development of agricultural insurance programs to all interested parties. If you could not find answers to your questions or find specific information on their web-site www.agroinsurance.com, please let them know, and they will try to help you! Project coordinator – Yan Shynkarenko E-mail – yshynkarenko(at)agroinsurance.com Contact phone – +995 599 3 777 01See more
ELITE GOALKEEPING KIT SIZING HAS CHANGED. When we launched the kit in 2019 it was designed for bigger ‘keepers. But, the protection and rebound characteristics mean that demand for a smaller size has developed that we want to satisfy. So, in 2019 the largest size was classified as large and the next size down was a medium. BUT those sizes were equivalent to XL and L in the Pro range. For 2020 we will be running X-Large, Large and Medium. The 2020 X-Large is the same as the 2019 Large size and the 2020 Large size is the same as the 2019 Medium. We have then introduced a new size – actual Medium. These sizes are now the same as all the other GK kit ranges that we run. Legguards – X-Large – 6’3”+, Large 5’10” – 6’2”, Medium 5’6” - 5’10” Kickers – X-Large UK size 12+, Large UK 8 – 11, Medium UK 5 - 8 The open cell foam is heat bonded together under over a metric tonne (1000kg) of pressure to essentially create a one piece Mercian pad. This process removes any glue that can harden and shatter over time, this reducing the foam de-lamination that can be seen in other pads. The outer layer of foam has a skin or crust, reducing the friction that occurs between pad and pitch, aiding sliding and smothering. The internal shape has been modified to fit a longer leg with the two straps positioned to fit around the calf and below the knee. The legguards have been shaped to give the maximum legal (under FIH regulations) saving surface from the front but have also been lengthened on the inside of the leg to extended the calf protection and give another increased saving surface. The inner cell has been shaped to fit the leg but is made from heat sensitive foam which moulds under pressure and will fit the shape of the individual GK within the first couple of weeks of use. Finally the new strapping system has fully replaceable buckles (both male and female parts) and comfort pads to again enhance fit and reduce twisting. The gloves also feature increased protection whilst keeping their weight below the other international level pads in the market. The four layer front pad on the left hand gives incredible protection with the internal shaping offering specific grippoints to enhance fit, but also ensuring the glove is positioned correctly to maximise the rebound created. A harder foam layer is sandwiched between softer foam to utilise the natural characteristics of an open cell foam, the microscopic air pockets are compressed under force (ball impact) and then return to shape, propelling the ball away after impact (returning energy). The righthand is shaped to give a maximum size saving surface. The wrist area is sculpted to offer flexibility to ensure that the forearm is protected in general play, but the angles required for ground saves and use of the stick are also maintained. The internal shaping of the right hand offers high levels of protection at specific stress points and anchor points to ensure that the stick and glove fit and function well together.
Easy to use Novel Studies for students in Grades 3-6. Paper + Digital Versions for access at school or home! Google Forms Editions | Paperless Novel Studies Make your novel studies easy and automatic! These digital Comprehension and Vocabulary checks are on Google Forms and perfect for distance learningORclassroom learning. Totally paperless and so easy to grade!
No Problems with Bad Credits! Don't worry if you have a bad credit score, and it's not a problem nowadays! We work 24/7 for you! Easy and Simple Online Form! Fill in our simple form, and we will contact you with the best direct lenders to help you obtain a loan as soon as it is possible! Receive Cash Advance Same Day You can receive your cash for 1 hour after you applied the application! Our lenders approve everybody, including unemployed!
Phoenix Hill Historic District, 922 East Madison Street (House), Louisville, Jefferson County, KY Significance: Working-class dwelling in shotgun style. // 1885. Vernacular. Brick. Shotgun - one story, Approx. 15' x 70'. Exterior features missing - one side wall partly missing. Deteriorated - vacant. Survey number: HABS KY-163-R Historic American Buildings Survey, creator Louisville-Jefferson County, 38.25266, -85.75846 Library of Congress No known restrictions on images made by the U.S. Government; images copied from other sources may be restricted. http://www.loc.gov/rr/print/res/114_habs.html
4-5-0-0, 8 pts #12 Western Conference 5-3-1-0, 11 pts #3 Western Conference November 3rd at 7:30 PM Cedar Park Center, Cedar Park, TX After a long layoff for the Texas Stars, the Toronto Marlies come to town for their only visit of the season. Texas will travel to Toronto in March for the return visit. The Marlies are a hot team thanks to big scoring up front and solid goaltending in back. Unfortunately for them, some of that punch has been taken out of the picture thanks to callups by the Maple Leafs. First, there is recently named Player of the Month for October, Joe Colborne, who leads the team and the league with 8-8-16 in 9 games. Colborne has had three 3-point games on the season. Right after him is Joey Crabb with 7-8-15 in 9 games. Crabb was just recently recalled to the NHL, however, and will not be in Cedar Park for the Marlies. He was replaced on the roster by NHL assignee Matt Frattin, a 2007 draft pick for the Leafs who has just one assist in 11 games in the NHL. Also a large part of the puzzle, Ben Scrivens, will be out of the lineup for Toronto as well. He was recently recalled to back up Jonas Gustavsson with Reimer out for an extended period. Scrivens has four of the Marlies' five wins on the year. Jussi Rynnas is 1-3-0 with a 2.51 GAA and .910 SV%. Scrivens' replacement in the AHL is Mark Owuya from the Reading Royals, who has not yet played an AHL game. The Stars will get a good test from the Marlies on the power play this evening. Toronto features the #3 PK in the league at 87.2%. Overall, Texas is clicking along at 37%, #1 in the league on the PP. Texas's PK is not good, but improving at #25 in the league at 75%. Luckily, Toronto is not good on the PP themselves at 12.5%, good for #25 in the league as well. With the days off, Coach Pyle surely preached more team defense and there had to be work on that penalty kill. The team is actually allowing fewer shots this year than they did last year (28 vs. 31) but the key is shot quality. If every shot in the game comes from a high scoring area (crease out to the slot mostly), then there will be a lot more goals than if every one is a perimeter shot from the boards. Learning how to work that system, similar to what Dallas is doing, will be key to keeping opposing scoring chances low. Stars injury/call up report: Fortunus (day-to-day injury) Blog (official): Bart's Bytes Twitter (coach): @dallaseakins
It is a surprising statistic, but currently only 22.5% of Fortune 500 board members are women. Inspired to address this inequity and its impact on the business landscape, Forté partners with sponsoring business schools and companies across the globe to identify women who are interested in advancing their careers in business and ultimately becoming eligible to serve on a corporate board. To support this effort, Forté member schools collectively are identifying and recommending their alumnae for this board-ready initiative. Forté’s official database and list of Global Board Ready Women, offers headhunters, Chairs and boards a central place to locate women who are qualified to sit on a board when they are looking for new board members. The following criteria are used to determine Board Readiness: All women on the list should have at least five years’ experience in one or a combination of the following roles: - Chair and/or non-executive director of listed or private corporations - Chief Executive Officer, COO, CFO and other C-suite executive or director level appointments in listed or private corporations - Family member and controlling shareholder of boards of large family companies - Director of government agencies - Director of non-profit organizations - Institutional investment community senior professional - Professional firms senior partner serving boards and their committees as clients The women on the list should be able to demonstrate that they are financially literate. Profit & Loss experience is advantageous, given that some large companies have this as a pre-requisite for board roles. In addition, the Task Force believes that candidates on the list should be practitioners of excellence in corporate governance. This suggests the following qualities: - Articulate communicator and good listener - High level of emotional Intelligence ability to understand the dynamics of the boardroom, how to deal with conflict when it arises - Ability to self-assess - Can enhance contribution through feedback - Can lead when appropriate, but aware of collective responsibility and engagement - Can challenge constructively and be supportive when necessary - Sharp mind and good judgement - Self-confident without being dogmatic - Understand the importance of independence - Courage to stand up for that which is in the best interests of the company - Understand how to add value to a board - Team player Women on the list will also be expected to have made a conscious commitment to assume the role and responsibility of corporate governance in a publicly quoted company. How to Apply After reviewing the above quantitative and qualitative criteria, and finding that your background matches the requested criteria, you may be formally considered for the Global Board Ready Women List. Simply send an email with your LinkedIn profile URL and a resume or CV attached as a PDF or Word file. The nominating committee will review your submission and contact you with next steps. All board ready women are welcome. Build Your Board Potential If you want to begin your journey to be Board Ready, many business schools offer board member training and certification, like this annual 3-day program at UCLA Anderson School of Management. Harvard’s T.H. Chan School of Public Health is offering a program for women interested in health care and related industry boards. For women in Europe, the European Professional Women’s Network offers helpful tips on readying yourself for a board position, from a European perspective. Board Ready Resources Relevant Research and Articles - The Committee for Economic Development (CED)’s Every Other One: More Women on Corporate Boards - 2020 Women on Boards Gender Diversity Index: 2019 Gender Diversity Index Key Findings - Women on Corporate Boards: The Role of Business Schools for Fundamental Change - Thirty Percent Coalition News - Women on Corporate Boards Globally - Women in the Boardroom: A Global Perspective - EY Center for Board Governance - Higher Return with Women in Decision-Making Positions - Gender Diversity and Corporate Performance - Journal of Financial Economics, Women in the Boardroom and Their Impact on Financial Performance - GMI Ratings’ 2017 Women on Boards Survey - Thirty Percent Coalition - Women on Boards 2020 - 30% Club - National Association of Corporate Directors
Everyone always has the idea of having their dream football manager save with a team that are down at the bottom of the footballing ladder, this guide will (hopefully) help you convert your team into a force to be reckoned with. As well as changing their professional status. Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19? Read on! This changing your professional status guide will focus on these three components: - Progression & Commitment This article was inspired by my success with a semi-professional team in the Welsh Premier League, who are known as Connah’s Quay Nomads. I took over Connah’s Quay Nomads as I was tired of TNS winning it absolutely every year in real life. Wanting to create a save in which I would challenge myself. In the save, I am currently in (July 2025) and have had a large amount of success with this save. Coming to the conclusion my development through the save has came down to three key components. I’m going to write about how I turned this team in to a dominant force on and off the pitch at all levels. This guide can be applied to any team, you just have to think logically and apply it to your own save. The only way your professional status won’t change is if it’s hard-coded. Money is so important. TRUST ME. – Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 Everyone wants it, but not everyone gets it on Football Manager. This was by far the most important aspect as how I have converted this team in to a team that fights in Europe. One of the most important factors in making money is selecting a team in which it is achievable in a short period of time. For example picking a team in the Vanamara North League is less likely to boost your income then picking a team in the Welsh Premier League. The reason for this is Europe. This is by far the biggest income you could ever ask for. So ensure you pick a team that you would be able to get some sort of continental championship that you can compete for. Unless, you want a long winded save. The money you get from Europe is one of the easiest ways to turn your amateur or semi-pro team into a professional team. Contracts are another way in which you can have a big say in the money you are spending. I will talk about players later on, but for now this is focusing on contracts. It is hard not to give your best player the best possible contract. But it will affect how much you earn. That extra £300 a week can really add up if you’re a smaller club, put it this way 300 multiplied by 52 is equal to £15,600. If you’re a big club this is nothing, if you happen to be a small club this is a lot. This all adds up, think about if five of your players want an extra £300 a week that reaches a total of £78,000. King Kenny?- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 Now that is serious money and something you should really pay close attention to. I never really paid attention to finances as much as I have with this save. It’s really benefited me for future saves. I always remember this famous quote by Liverpool legend Kenny Dalglish – Kenny is right, if a player doesn’t want to play on the wages you want to pay, look elsewhere. Maybe the next player you find isn’t as good, but just think of the wages that you are saving and the progression you are making in finances. One of the biggest burdens on a players contract for me is their playing fee and unused substitution fee. I always exclude these from contracts. You may think your player is on a basic £1000 a week contract until you look closely and realise he will receive an extra £300 for playing. As well as £200 for being an unused substitute. You must, and I can’t stress this enough try to get the best deal that benefits you, the club is your best interests. This can all depend on your professional status as well. Finances that benefit, for changing professional status- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 Don’t worry about cash flow if you are in any continental championship. Below is a graphic of my save and the finances – This might look like it spikes in areas, which it does. But this isn’t down to poor cash flow it is solely relying on Europe for the main source of income. In my first season it slowly declines over the season. I was really worried I would liquidate the club if I didn’t have any other income. That season I qualified for European qualification rounds, I didn’t do well. However, I still got a lot of money for it and that money has kept coming in consecutive seasons. This has meant that the better I do in Europe the more money I will receive. This massively helps the board decide whether they want to change your professional status. Ignore Cashflow- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 If you look at the image from the 2021 season it looks like I was making pennies in comparison to this. This particular season I qualified for the Champions League group stage because of how fortunate the draws were in the qualifying stages. I didn’t do well in the group stages but I still received this amount of money – I don’t think I will get in to the group stages again in the following year but that £11.32 Million has completely revamped the actual club and I don’t mean in terms of personnel. The money has allowed me to continue to develop and grow the club off field. In terms of facilities and scouting range, this is something that is massively under rated and often overlooked for smaller clubs. I want to look at my finances in a bit more depth and I have broken the finances into years – Conclusion- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 I have added a black line in each season as to when it typically starts, so for my case this is August. Also adding a year to each segment, so you can see the progression as well as the maximum amount of money I had at any given time in this time frame. The money benefits really help changing the professional status. It is all about patience, you won’t become an overnight billionaire and it wasn’t until the 2020/21 season where I really pushed myself to strive for professional status. I finished third in this season, which was one better than the season before. But I won in the qualification for Europe which meant I could try and earn money for winning in at least one qualifying round. I got to the third qualifying round for the Europa League but that was more than enough. It meant that I received £89k per round and took home an extra £209k which meant just from three qualifying rounds of the Europa league the club would earn approximately £476k. This was the start of the money coming in to the club, because of this money I could sign a couple of players for cash and pay that little bit extra and with better players it meant I could challenge more. That is exactly what I did in the following season where I somehow beat Rangers in the fourth qualifying round in the Europa and placed myself in a group, obviously the team got beat every game but I just wanted the money. This meant with this new money, I had a balance of £2.8 Million – this was the first time the board wanted to go professional and because I had more than £1 Million in the bank it went ahead. First Season when professional status change- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 My first season as a professional club I finally took the title of TNS and signed some wonderful talents along the way. The first season as a professional club was fantastic. However, the board upgraded my youth and training facilities which meant I was a bit short for cash in some months. That all changed when I qualified for the Champions league qualifiers. Unfortunately losing out to Shaktar in the deciding round but meant I could have a spot in the Europa League. Europe has really allowed me to blossom and take advantage of the money that you gain from it. In my last season, one round in the Champions League covered the full costings of my wages for an ENTIRE YEAR. That is the kind of money I wanted and will continue to get as I develop the club, but don’t forget to develop the club in different ways. Players to sign when wanting to change professional status- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 Everyone loves a good new-gen and these lower reputation clubs will relish from another clubs loss. Players get you results with the right management and that’s the mindset I have had throughout this save. I have taken a lot of risks and chances on players who might not look fantastic but play with a consistent rating. In particular I started looking at a mix of youth and experience, but experience definitely won the battle at the time. As the club was semi-professional at the time I could only sign players who had played in Wales before or were Welsh and this was a struggle. But I found some fantastic players along the way. TNS were the only professional club at the time so every time they let go of players I was first on the door offering them contracts. I spent a total of £2.2k in my first year and signed a massive 20 players. That seems a lot but the contracts were so small I wanted to give everyone an opportunity and offered them a year contract or if it was in January a six month contract and then reassess them at the end of the season. I have always had a high turn over of players in my first few years whilst managing a club, and this didn’t change. This is why it is so important to try and change your professional status. It helps with transfers. Players to look for- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 I particularly looked for players who suited my formation. Playing a simple 4-4-2 and relied on pacey strikers who could beat the last man. I signed about six strikers to fill two roles and looked for players who were fast. Searching specifically for the pace and acceleration before I even considered their finishing or composure and this worked. The league isn’t that great and the defenders struggled to keep up, and it was a case of I want to score as many goals as possible before the opposition exploit my weaknesses. Age really didn’t matter. I am a semi-professional team looking to change my professional status and the fortunes of the club and I knew that players would only be there for a year and move on or retire. Use a lot of players or have a larger squad. This was something I did, I always had cover, if my best striker was injured I knew I had someone on the bench who could do the job. I have the most players used in every season so far, and this will never change. Trying to focus on every competition and give it my all. After all, the prize money is something that was appetising and it also meant I could increase the clubs reputation and attract better players. I always look at the bigger picture and how one trophy can affect the club in the long run. Development- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 If they are good enough play them. I always see people have fantastic new-gens and they just let them play in the reserves, I had a couple of new-gens and played them. One is now my best player and captain and is a big part of why I have so many trophies, take a look at him – I mean if you just compare the two and look at how much he has grown in five years, it is quite remarkable. He has went from an outcast who got given an opportunity to the clubs captain. He is also my most paid player, I have a team in the Champions League who I pay £1,400 a week to. Remember Kenny Dalglish’s quote? I stuck by this and never over paid him – I still pay less wages than TNS and I have just completed the quadruple(League, MG cup, IRN BRU cup and Welsh cup). Tips and tricks- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 As time goes by, look at your youth and really take time out to see what you can do to make them better. What I did was create a team where there was at least two players in every position on the pitch and left them to it, granted some were good and others weren’t but it gave the club stability and I worked on this a lot. I believe that if you’re winning games you are typically happy. If you’re happy you want to play. If you want to play you are going to learn and that’s exactly why I focus on my youth recruitment. Having the most successful youth team who have just completed their season winning the league unbeaten and drawing two out of a possible 22. Keep it simple. I see no point in trying to replicate how Barcelona play with their Tiki-Taka, keep it simple. My system started out with a direct passing system which I try to exploit the flanks and then play early crosses for my fast strikers to latch on to. I won’t discuss tactics in depth in this article as there are more important factors in changing your professional status. Progression & Commitment / Professional Status- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 A little step backwards to go a big step forward is good. At any club you want to progress through the ranks, and this is no different. Even if one season you don’t do as well as expected you can always leap back the next season. There are far too many people who will play the game and then give up after four years because they haven’t won the Champions League with a Sunday league standard team. If you are wanting to challenge yourself with a lesser team, make sure you are committed, a lot of people give up at the first hurdle. I didn’t and I have had the most fun I have ever had on Football Manager, I have a team in the Welsh Premier League who lost one game in all competitions apart from the Champions League and a Reserve team that has just won the title unbeaten. The aim of using a lesser team is to progress, but that doesn’t always have to be on the pitch. You may have a bad season but your finances are good or you have a player who will break in to the first team who will really change your fortunes. There are always positives to take from any situation when being a lesser team, and that’s something I have learnt throughout this save. Progression- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 I lost one of my best players to Atlanta United and only got around £10k. But it freed up a position and the replacement I got didn’t look at all good, but he ended up being the leagues top goal scorer in the season we finished third. When talking about progression, always keep an eye out on some of the other teams players, there are some incredible players who don’t look as good as they play. I often look at the leagues best average ratings and look at players in which you can use as your own. If things don’t work out with the particular player at least another team aren’t benefiting from his tremendous performances. Spend time on the finer things. This is something I can’t stress enough, look at your team, analyse what’s been going right, look at what’s been going wrong and create a solution to prevent the wrong things from happening again. It’s important, there are so many details that people ignore and then wonder why they are struggling. If your team is conceding the majority of goals from through balls look at what your defenders might be lacking in, if it’s pace get them to drop deeper. Or if it’s their off the ball intelligence, look at players who bring more to the table. Always look to improve the team, there are some gems you can find in Amateur teams that will really help you. Don’t just think because they play for an amateur team they are rubbish. Progress off field and facilities that help towards the change in professional status- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 Progress off the field is something that needs to be done. Sign better staff, I always look to improve my staff every year and because I play on FM Touch it means each contract is a year rolling contract so they can be released upon their contract ending. I always look to improve each member of staff – what’s the point in making your team better if the coaches aren’t. Other things to focus on progressing is definitely your training and youth facilities, mine are the best in the league now, but I’d focus on making yourself professional first as players on professional contracts train more than a semi-professional. The youth facilities are also important, you want your youth teams to improve year upon year and giving them a platform where they can develop is essential. Finally, scouting, make sure you try and increase your scouting range, you will seriously find some incredible players from overseas if you do this. Obviously this is all money dependant but because this subject is about progression, you should actively look how you can improve the team in more ways than one. The End of changing your professional status- Managing semi-pro clubs in FM19 Ultimately the idea of the game is to have fun, enjoy yourself, take risks and look for hidden gems where you can. The hidden gems can really shape your future. I hope this guide will either help you. It may even give you inspiration for a future save you may have in mind. I have thoroughly enjoyed writing this and struggled to fit in everything that I could think of. These little elements can create a team that really fight for their trophies and progress as each year comes by. I’m hoping this guide can change your clubs professional status.
After being ‘furious’ with the Gunners over their step for Thomas Partey, Atletico are reportedly set to sever relations with Arsenal. The 27-year-old completed his move to the Emirates on the Summer window deadline day after his £45million release clause was triggered by Arsenal. The clause meant that it was not necessary to negotiate with Atletico, but the La Liga club argued that the lack of notice was insensitive because it gave them no hope of finding a substitute. The Athletic argument claim Atletico Madrid is ‘furious’ and the method is identified as ‘incredible’ by a source, adding that the relationship between the two clubs is ‘irreparable’. Reports from Spain state that just 32 minutes before the deadline closed, Arsenal triggered the clause. The offer was irresistible to Partey, with the Ghanaian signing for Arsenal to quadruple his earning to £250,000-a-week. Apparently, his agent also got about £ 2 million, while the lump sum of £ 45 million was paid to Atletico. Once salary and agent fees are accounted for, Partey’s four-year deal at the club is set to cost the Gunners around £91m.
Search For "swedish" Updated : 1 day, 6 hours ago IST Stockholm [Sweden], October 20 (ANI): The Swedish Post and Telecom Authority (PTS) on Tuesday said it has banned the use of telecommunications equipment of Chinese tech giants Huawei and ZTE from the development of 5G networks in Sweden at the recommendation of the country's military. Updated : 4 days, 9 hours ago IST Stockholm [Sweden], October 17 (ANI): New evidence was revealed by the Swedish Nordic Monitor website on Turkey's close association with terrorist organisations, Daesh (ISIS) in particular, in order to fulfil its own ambitions, agendas and defeat its political opponents. Updated : 2 weeks ago IST New Delhi [India], October 7 (ANI/NewsVoir): Binero Group AB (publ) ("Binero"), a Swedish provider of cloud services and digital infrastructure, has entered into a cooperation agreement with VoerEir AB ("VoerEir"). The collaboration concerns the further development of Binero's public cloud s Updated : 3 weeks ago IST New Delhi [India], September 30 (ANI): Indian U-17 women's national team head coach Thomas Dennerby spoke to coaches across India at the ongoing International Virtual Coaching Conference organized by the All India Football Federation (AIFF). Speaking on the topic 'Current playing style of th Updated : 3 weeks, 1 day ago IST Beijing [China], September 29 (ANI): Swedish teen climate activist Greta Thunberg hit out at China for arresting a 17-year-old climate activist in Shanghai, the South China Morning Post reported on Tuesday. Washington [US], September 29 (ANI): Swedish supermodel Elsa Hosk on Tuesday revealed she is expecting her first child with boyfriend Tom Daly. Updated : 1 month ago IST Stockholm [Sweden], September 17 (ANI): Days after the US imposed a ban on import of five specific manufacturers in Xinjiang, Swedish clothing icon H&M has decided not to buy raw materials from the region's farms and factories suspected of using "forced labour". Updated : 1 month, 1 week ago IST Stockholm [Sweden], September 10 (ANI): Swedish Cricket Association on Thursday confirmed the appointment of former South Africa batsman Jonty Rhodes as the head coach of the side. Updated : 1 month, 2 weeks ago IST Milan [Italy], Sep 1 (ANI): Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has renewed his contract with AC Milan until June 30, 2021. Updated : 1 month, 3 weeks ago IST New Delhi [India], August 25 (ANI): Swedish teen climate activist Greta Thunberg on Tuesday said it is deeply unfair for Indian students to sit for national exams amidst the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Updated : 2 months, 3 weeks ago IST Rome [Italy], July 31 (ANI): The story is known, and has been written and advertised for at least a month before disappearing from the radars of the press. The story is known and starts with a body dumped into a river. The body of a Baloch journalist, Sajjid Hussain. Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], July 29 (ANI/NewsVoir): Gaurang Doshi Productions announces that Ameesha Patel, Prateik Babbar and Swedish-Greek Actress Elli AvrRam are the latest additions to the already star-studded cast of the new '7th Sense' web series.
Prices shown are per desk per month and should be used as a guide only as they are affected by current availability, term required, and different grades of offices within the building. Current, accurate pricing for all offices will be provided when enquiring. Trust our impartial industry experts to guide your search and help you find your ideal workspace From affordable offices to iconic landmarks, we put the widest choice of workspace in one place Everything is tailored to your needs – from service terms to our all-inclusive packages We take the frustration out of finding workspace – and make every stage of the process simple
Check out REVIEWS in closet Printed satin top with a dolman sleeve and a cinched waist. This chic printed top transitions easily from day into night. Wear it with slacks for a day at the office, or pair it with dark denim pants for a night out. Complete the look with gold accessories. Adjust the cinching so that it hits at your natural waistline for a flattering fit.
We are now open Your safety is our priority, so please rest assured that we have enlisted new COVID-safe principles and processes to ensure your visit is safe. For more information please click here. We will be incorporating good hand sanitisation, social distancing and deep cleaning measures to ensure your safety. We ask that if you feel unwell or have travelled in the last 14 days that you let us know prior to your appointment so that we can make arrangements for you. We are now open for medical treatments and advice. We will be promoting virtual consultations where possible to reduce non-necessary contact between practitioners and patients. If you would like to book an appointment or a consultation call us on 0207 637 3208 or book online using the enquiry form. You can still purchase your prescribed skincare plan online, delivered directly to you from Alumier MD, if you need assistance with purchases you can also get in touch with us. We cannot wait to get your skin back on track!
New exhibitor: Bleu Anglais Noel Chapman of Bleu Anglais will be joining us at our Autumn Fair. Noel collects antique Chinese indigo folk textiles from the late 19th century to pre-cultural revolution. We’re thrilled to have him join us and you can read more about Noel’s inspiration and favourite pieces in this Selvedge Magazine interview. Vintage indigo folk textile from rural China. These are the simple handwoven cotton fabrics of everyday country folk and were rarely seen outside of a village life now almost completely disappeared. Known variously as Nankeen Blue and simply as Blue Print Cloth, pieces include; traditional dowry and wrapping cloths, pugai (quilt & bedroll) covers, and panels combine floral and animal motifs with an array of auspicious symbols rich in history and folklore. Many of the pieces were created for marriages, or to celebrate or wish success for Civil Service examinations, and as home blessings and the like. Most pieces date from the first half of the 20th century, some from the end of the 19th century and display their age with the characteristic charm and fading we similarly associate with our beloved indigo blue jeans.
Sector: Medical Affairs Experience: 3 to 5 years Manager Medical Affairs job is available in Karachi and Lahore for one of the leading multinational pharmaceutical company. Candidates having Graduation degree in Medical Science plus MBA along with 3 to 5 years of relevant experience are required. The job role of Manager Medical Affairs is a key strategic leadership role requiring therapeutic area expertise and clear business understanding to identify and address the relevant medical needs of clinical practice, to successfully support the optimal use of company’s products. The Medical Manager acts as a guardian for high standards of compliance, ethics, and safety of products, putting patients at the center of his/her actions. - TAE engagement plan to support medical objectives: identification, development, and establishment of scientific relationship with TAEs - Evaluation of incoming requests of research & educational grants - To review congress participation, HCP selection and logistics as per symphony guidelines. - To review non-promotional and promotional material according to IFPMA code and company policies and coordinate with commercial for execution of non-promotional activities. - Align the global medical plan and strategy, local medical plan, local marketing plan and global medical plan, under supervision of Head of Medical. - Offer expert opinion aligned with LCT/IMT/DSC medical recommendations on scientific medical information to identify and develop effective peer-to-peer relationships to execute our product strategies, while holding high ethical standards, compliance to SOP and local/international regulations. - Manage publication related activities according to company’s Policy and SOPs. - Develop a customer centricity culture, making sure promotional/medical/scientific communications address HCP needs and optimize patient benefit and safety while keeping a fair balance and compliance with regulations and SOPs - Planning and execution of relevant scientific advisory boards and expert meeting - Design and implementation of patient support programs - Oversee the phase IV trial program by holding effective relationship with the Clinical Operations team - Identify and develop scientific relationship with external TAEs/ experts who are qualified sources of insight and advice - Project management skills - Managing change and conflict resolution - Leadership skills - Analytical Skills - Interpersonal skills Apply at firstname.lastname@example.org Kindly mention the job title Manager Medical Affair in the email. Last date to apply for the job is 15th November, 2019 To apply Online Fill-in the form below and submit Fields marked with asterisk(*) are mandatory.
I’m participating in Excerpt Monday, organized by the lovely Bria Quinlan and Mel Berthier from Romance Divas. Today’s excerpt comes from Chapter One of my fantasy/paranormal romance Deeper Than Bone. Boyd Harbor, New Jersey, Earth: Catherine Lecuyer jolted awake, her hand reaching for the baseball bat leaning against the night stand. Wait— She was home. She was safe. That was the past. Heart pounding, she sagged back against the down pillows and focused on the television blaring with a careening car chase and the sharp crack and bang of gunfire. Some cop drama had replaced the cheerful romantic comedy she’d found to keep her insomnia company. She had finally drifted off and missed the last fifteen minutes and the happily ever after. It figured. She clicked the remote. The picture tube’s grey light faded, leaving her bedroom cloaked in shadow. Dark. Quiet. She took a sharp breath. Exhaled slowly. She could do this. She tossed to her side. The clock’s red glow glared. 2:13. 2:14. 2:15. 2:16. All quiet. Too quiet. The baseboard heat ticked and gurgled with the deeper hum of the furnace in the basement. Her ears strained for each tiny noise in the old house. Stop it. You’ve absolutely nothing to be anxious over. She lived next door to a cop. How much safer could she get? She was tired of being afraid. Tired of being tired. “So get over it.” She turned on the lamp, punched her pillows into shape and crawled back under the covers. A revving car engine followed by a screech of tires jarred her off the pillow. A firecracker banged. Darn it, hadn’t those teens down the street learned their lesson? She untangled herself from the bedding. Tires squealed again and the car sped past her house. By the time she peeked through the front window blinds, the noisy-makers were long gone. Her frost-hazed neighborhood slept peacefully in the moonless November night. Stray snow flakes idled through the pools of street lights. John Morris, her police officer neighbor, was finally home from work. Everyone was sleeping. So should she. Letting the blinds fall closed, she eyed her rumpled bed. Maybe some tea first. She pulled on her fleece bathrobe and slid into her slippers. Tires shrieked, ending with a odd bang. She pushed aside the blinds. A red sedan perched askew over the curb, front bumper creased against her old maple tree. Officer Morris must have heard the crash. She glanced next door. Porch light spilled over his tidy front lawn. He was still up. He’d be outside any second. The driver shoved open the car door and stumbled out. He held onto the car door. Oh, come on, Morris. Where are you? You had to have heard it. She grabbed her phone and dialed Morris’s number as she hurried downstairs. His answering machine picked up. Good. He must already be out the door. She fumbled the two locks and the safety chain. She peered out the door. Ignoring the damage to his car, the man walked away in long, jerky strides, his attention fixed on the stretch of dark roadway near Morris’s Jeep. The hair on the back of her neck prickled. Let Officer Morris handle this. You can’t. It’s not your job. Cat hesitated on the threshold, unable to let go of the doorknob. Her breath fogged in the icy air. Don’t go. You know what’s out there in the dark. I’m supposed to help. “Hey, are you okay?” She pried her fingers from the doorknob. “Oh, God!” The driver’s voice broke. His knees hit the wet pavement beside a dark crumpled form lying just outside the pool of amber street light. “Call 911!” Cat punched the numbers and took unsteady steps along the slippery front walk. A man, face down. Her stomach tied in a hot knot. Her Sight fought to open, drew her on. She fought the Seeing back. The driver, his young face chalky, pressed his fingers to the man’s throat. “Shit! No pulse. I can’t find a pulse. Shit. He’s not breathing. Oh, God, please.” The white of t-shirt showed through a rip in his dark blue long-sleeved shirt. One black shoe was missing. Disbelief stole her breath. It couldn’t be– The driver eased the man over onto his back revealing the bloody, slack face. “Oh, God, a cop.” Choking back a sob, he launched into CPR. Not just any cop. John Morris. Blood blackened his military-short sandy brown hair and glossed his uniform shirt. Light gleamed on the grim puddle beneath him. Too much blood. This couldn’t be. A calm voice in the phone reached Cat and tugged her back. “An accident. There’s been an accident.” The voice in the phone asked so many questions. A black gun gleamed in the leaf-clotted, ice-scummed puddle by the Jeep’s rear tire. “Please, tell them I didn’t hit him! One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six . . .” He chanted the count with each forceful chest thrust. He breathed into Officer Morris. “Hit the tree. One. Two. Three. . . Saw something. Thought a deer, a dog. Hit the brakes. Hit the tree. Not him. Oh, breathe, please. One. Two. Three. . .” John Morris had waved to her in his brusk no-nonsense manner on his way to work, just hours ago. He’d flashed her one of his far too rare smiles that ignited his ice blue eyes and brightened the bad-boy sensuality of his lean rugged face, transforming him from uptight defender of the law and major anal-retentive neighbor to out-and-out temptation. The first thin siren rose wailing in the distance. Too late. Officer Morris was dead. Her unwelcome Sight knew. He was dead. The driver’s diligent CPR efforts were hopeless. Officer Morris was gone. Not a wisp of his aura remained. This couldn’t be. Just hours ago, he’d smiled, and she’d thanked God she was immune to fickle alpha-male charm. She shuddered, forced the Seeing away. Gone. A cry choked in her throat. No more lectures on her leaves in his yard. No more rare flashing smiles. No more newspapers neatly lined up on her porch. “. . . Six. Shit, oh man, oh shit. Oh, come on, breathe, man. One. Two . . .” Everyone wants to play along with Excerpt Monday! If you’d like to join in, visit the Guidelines page for more details. Excerpt Monday links: Note: I have not personally screened these excerpts. Please heed the ratings and be aware that the links may contain material that is not typical of my site. For all Excerpt Monday links, go HERE A random sampling of the many wonderful writers from varied genres to explore are: Bryn Donovan, Paranormal (PG) Kaige, Historical Romance (PG 13) Adelle Laundan, Contemporary Romance (PG 13) Jeannie Lin, Historical Romance (PG 13) Crista McHugh, Paranormal (PG 13) Aithne Jarretta, Paranormal (R) Inez Kelley, Contemporary Romantic Comedy (R) Photo: Karoly Mezei
There are two ways of raising money to support your tuition-charging school. The first is development, which is the most challenging and time-consuming, but is the most effective way to ensure sustainable revenue for your school over the long haul. The other somewhat “easier,” less time-consuming, but more commonly used way – the way schools have done it for so many years – is fundraising. And although it’s becoming more and more tedious while generating less and less revenue, people still do it. Why? Because that’s the way they’ve always done it! Before progressing further, there is a reason why this happens with fundraising, and it’s not “the economy,” even though that’s what usually gets blamed when fundraisers just done bring in what they used to. The reason is physics – The Law of Diminishing Returns. In economics, diminishing returns is the decrease in the marginal or incremental results of a process as the amount of a single effort which goes into it is incrementally increased, while all the other efforts that go into the process remain constant. In other words, more people are selling candy, and if everything else remains constant (the amount of candy sold by each person, the profit margin offered by the fundraising product provider, etc.), there’s a significant possibility that the net result will be less. Then leaders don’t understand what went wrong. The real reason is that in process thinking, changing one element should provide a different result, right? And it does! Unfortunately, it’s usually not the expected result. If you’d like to know how to combat this mindset, there are two things that must be done. If you’d like to know what they are, send an email to email@example.com with the words, “Two things to improve process outcomes.” Also, it may help to acknowledge the other terms which have entered into the discussion between fundraising and development – namely, fund raising and advancement. You’ll see there is a difference between fundraising and fund raising (it’s more than just a space); “fundraising” will be described in this article, since “fund raising” is any type of activity done which generates non-programmatic revenue to support the mission of an organization. In the case of your school, and for clarity, programmatic revenue would be the tuition and fees your school charges. As for advancement, our definition speaks to all the processes which are necessary to provide for your school’s firm financial foundation, including asset management, retention of school families with children currently enrolled in your school, marketing to attract new students and new donors, enrollment (that is, enrolling new students in your school), and development. Today’s article is dedicated to the difference between fundraising and development because there are a number of individuals who are engaged with schools, such as parents, board members and even administrators, who believe those two words are interchangeable. They’re not. They’re two different constructs! Many consultative entities will say that you must make a fundamental shift in your strategies, moving from fundraising to development, but don’t provide a timetable for successful implementation. From a consultative standpoint, the first step toward change involves analysis and recommendation. Implementation is the next step of the process, and, while many schools will fund the first step of a major transitional initiative, the next step may cost additional dollars and time which the school has not considered. Sometimes, schools acknowledge the importance of development, but then may discontinue all their fundraising without the proper guidance in place. Guess what happens? They close, because they didn’t realize that fundraising has its place, and a bridge needs to be formed to successfully move from one mindset to the other. Sustainable financial support requires both strategies be utilized as the organization progresses from a fundraising mindset toward a development mindset. It’s not a change (which implies a one-time, immediate event); it’s a transition (which can have a very long timetable). Think of it as trying to turn a large luxury liner around. It’s a long process. While it’s pretty easy to turn a speedboat around, a luxury liner has no choice but to reverse engines to get out of port, and then, when out in wide-open waters, can begin the turnaround process in order to move forward. The same happens with moving from fundraising to development. It’s a big transition…both in process and in mindset. The usual time frame for a successful full-blown implementation is usually three to five years, and even then, traction may only begin to happen. When you consider that a development director is expected to achieve immediate results, you can then understand why the average life-expectancy of a Development Director is…ready?…18 MONTHS! When a new person is identified and hired, all those relationships that the prior development professional had built are severed, and they have to be rebuilt again, and, unfortunately, relationships take time to build. I’ve witnessed schools which have significant development success, and when the development director leaves, the successful processes that were in place were not continued because the duties of the position were re-assigned as additional duties to another staff member. Relationships were not continued, and therefore, development revenue levels dropped, which led to the inability to assist families in need, which caused enrollment declines. If a new administration realizes that changes need to be made, it will take time to rebuild relationships and institute successful processes to bring revenue levels to the point they were in past years. Sometimes, that requires not just time, but significant time. Unfortunately, most school and finance boards expect instant successes. In these days of instant access to information, instant purchases of big-ticket items, and instant gratification, the expectation is that since there is a Development Director in place, monies will miraculously flow into the coffers of the school. Worse yet, the Development Director becomes the “catch-all” person for Box Tops for Education, Soup Labels for Education, Scrip and all the other fundraisers (one word) the school has. It’s important to realize that tasks and projects such as those are NOT the Development Director’s responsibility! Yet, boards and administrators point to the “Other duties as assigned” clause on the job description, and regardless of whether the task is fundraising or development, it falls on the desk of the Development Director…and usually to the detriment of the school. Why is this? Because the Development Director is to be visible in the community, meeting with individuals and businesses. Unfortunately, most principals know how to monitor employees only when they’re at work IN the building! If they’re not in their offices, then people wonder what they’re doing and where they are. It’s a new supervisory process that many principals aren’t familiar nor comfortable with. Then who’s responsible for those fundraisers? The Parent Teacher’s Guild/Organization. Fundraising is a part of your RETENTION element…NOT Development, as it involves engaging the current parent community. If you’d like to challenge me on that, bring it on. Show me a school that has their Development Director doing fundraising activities, and I’ll show you a struggling school that can’t figure out what they’re doing wrong. Fundraising is still important in the transition. The danger is when short-term development expectations for significant revenue generation are not met, then the school will resort back to focusing on fundraising. The words attributed to Jack Dixon are most important to remember: “If you focus on the results, you will never change; if you focus on the change, you will see results.” When Development is in place, there may be some “Signature” fundraising events or activities you may wish to hold on to. If it generates significant income, it becomes identified with your school, and most importantly, parents look forward to it and have a fun time with it by inviting their friends who are not a part of the school community, by all means, keep it! Remember, it’s “FUN”draising…not “TEDIOUS”draising. It’s also “FRIEND”raising,” which is key to your development success (and now you see how a fundrasing event has just become a fund raising event, and potentially, a development event). It’s the continued meaningful involvement of individuals with your school’s mission and vision that will create it’s support base. The following chart offers a framework to help recognize the important differences in these two concepts: Short-term (planning done on a year-to-year basis) Candy, wrapping paper, cookie dough, popcorn, candle, fruit, wreaths, or any other kind of “sales” Family Movie Night, Roller Skating/Bowling or Dine to Donate Events Non-threatening to other organizations Long-term (planning done on a three-to-five year or five-to-ten year basis) Tied into strategic planning, and a systemic framework of advancement Annual alumni & community appeals Planned Giving/Major Gifts/Bequests Grants, Underwriting and Sponsorships Partnering with community businesses Threatening to other organizations Threatening? Most school administrators don’t like to be threatening. It takes boldness to be a development director, and we have the gifts of the Holy Spirit to embolden us – especially courage and fortitude! Why is fundraising non-threatening and development threatening? That’s the topic of next month’s article! © Michael V. Ziemski, SchoolAdvancement, 2006 – 2020
**Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day? Sign up here.** On the roster: Trump tax story no bombshell - Wallace wants to be ‘as invisible as possible’ for debate - Voters narrowly oppose pre-election court replacement - Biden draws even to Trump among male voters - Should have *ahem* tied the knot sooner TRUMP TAX STORY NO BOMBSHELL What will $750 buy you these days? Either one night at the Trump International Hotel or, according to a NYT report, cover a billionaire’s tax bill for one year. Now, we try not to be this kind of a note, and we certainly acknowledge the potency of class resentment in politics, but it’s hard for us to see how the revelations about Trump’s taxes and business struggles are major movers in the campaign. It’s certainly helpful for Democratic nominee Joe Biden to have a hard number on which to peg those resentments. It’s far easier to connect with voters on the claim that President Trump pays only $750 a year than it is to say Trump pays “virtually no taxes.” It always helps when you can paint a word picture for voters, as Biden does with his new ad. (And, of course, stickers.) Trump says that it is all you know what – it starts with a “f” and ends with an ooze. Of course, Trump could prove his case about the Times’ claims by doing what all of his predecessors in the past 46 years have done and release his taxes. But not only is he not doing that, he’s going to the mattresses to keep them from being revealed. That seems kind of silly now, at least from a political point of view. His reasons for trying to keep his taxes from prosecutors certainly involve legal considerations for him and his family. We could understand why for political reasons Trump wanted to keep his returns secret in 2016 since the story they tell, according to the Times and some of Trump’s own subsequent explanations, was not in keeping with his pitch as a business whiz. Huge losses leading to penny-ante tax payments isn’t a good look. And, again, it may not be all about the politics here. The Times says Trump is battling the IRS over an audit that could end up with him having to cough up about $100 million. It wouldn’t be good to be poor mouthing the T men about terrible losses while spinning for voters how he cunningly gamed the tax code. But he was the one who ran for president while fighting a cataclysmic battle with the IRS, much as his 2016 opponent ran for president while being investigated for mishandling state secrets. On the actual politics five weeks before the end of the election, though, the issue seems like one so well litigated for so long that the actual details aren’t likely to sway voters. Right-leaning voters (and plenty of others) hate taxes and many no doubt admire Trump’s self-proclaimed skill in minimizing them – as long as it was done legally. As Judge Learned Hand put it: “Everybody does so, rich or poor; and all do right, for nobody owes any public duty to pay more than the law demands: taxes are enforced exactions, not voluntary contributions. To demand more in the name of morals is mere cant.” Trump has also gone to pains to portray himself to supporters as a beneficent mogul. Like Herbert Hoover and John Kennedy before him, Trump donates his presidential salary (now $400,000) and has frequently talked about how much it has cost him to be president. A lot of the stuff in the Times’ reporting – much like its exhaustive work about the empire Trump’s father built and shielded from the IRS to make his children so rich – falls into the gee whiz category for regular taxpayers. It’s fascinating (if disheartening) to read about all the time and effort that rich people put into squeezing every nickel out of each and every of the 2.4 million or so words in the federal tax code. Or that thanks to the Obama administration’s 2009 stimulus efforts, Trump scored a $73 million windfall when a rule change let him apply huge losses in his regular business to the big profits in previous years from “The Celebrity Apprentice.” There’s no doubt that this will not help Trump with his ongoing struggle with working-class white voters this time around, which is why Biden will be ringing up $750s like a cash register on Tuesday. The preferred narrative for the Blue Team is that Trump is selfish and corrupt, and they will try to use this as evidence of their claims. One of the reasons that President Obama talked so much about increasing the taxes on rich people was that it’s so darned popular. It was no accident that Warren Buffett’s secretary became the most famous personal assistant since Jane Hathaway. But while the Times report is chockablock with new details and insights, it doesn’t fundamentally change the public understanding about Trump the businessman. He did get elected with six corporate bankruptcies after all. Part of what lessens the force of the blow for Trump is how much effort has gone into trying to get to his returns. Unless there was a line item for payments from Vladimir Putin, it’s hard to imagine the real thing living up to the hype. Like much of the news of late, it’s not good for Trump, but it’s hard to see how this fundamentally changes perceptions of him as a person. Trump in 2016 was something of a mystery. Four years later, it’s hard to imagine any American being unsure what to make of him. THE RULEBOOK: STILL TRUE “To judge from the conduct of the opposite parties, we shall be led to conclude that they will mutually hope to evince the justness of their opinions, and to increase the number of their converts by the loudness of their declamations and the bitterness of their invectives.” – Alexander Hamilton, in his general introduction to the Federalist Papers, Federalist No. 1 TIME OUT: ALL ABOUT THE TIMING History: “On September 28, 1941, the Boston Red Sox’s Ted Williams plays a double-header against the Philadelphia Athletics on the last day of the regular season and gets six hits in eight trips to the plate, to boost his batting average to .406 and become the first player since Bill Terry in 1930 to hit .400. Williams, who spent his entire career with the Sox, played his final game exactly 19 years later, on September 28, 1960, at Boston’s Fenway Park and hit a home run in his last time at bat, for a career total of 521 homeruns. Williams was born on August 30, 1918, in San Diego, and began his major league career with the Red Sox in 1939. 1941 marked Williams’ best season. In addition to his .406 batting average–no major league player since him has hit .400–the left fielder led the league with 37 homers, 135 runs and had a slugging average of .735.” Flag on the play? - Email us at HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM with your tips, comments or questions. NATIONAL HEAD-TO-HEAD AVERAGE Trump: 43 percent Biden: 51.2 percent Size of lead: Biden by 8.2 points Change from one week ago: Biden ↑ 2 points, Trump no change in points [Average includes: Monmouth University: Trump 45% - Biden 50%; NYT/Siena College: Trump 41% - Biden 49%; ABC News/WaPo: Trump 44% - Biden 54%; Quinnipiac University: Trump 42% - Biden 52%; NBC News/WSJ: Trump 43% - Biden 51%.] BATTLEGROUND POWER RANKINGS (270 electoral votes needed to win) Toss-up: (109 electoral votes): Wisconsin (10), Ohio (18), Florida (29), Arizona (11), Pennsylvania (20), North Carolina (15), Iowa (6) Lean R/Likely R: (180 electoral votes) Lean D/Likely D: (249 electoral votes) [Full rankings here.] TRUMP JOB PERFORMANCE Average approval: 44.2 percent Average disapproval: 52.8 percent Net Score: -8.6 points Change from one week ago: ↑ 1 point [Average includes: NYT/Siena College: 46% approve - 50% disapprove; ABC News/WaPo: 44% approve - 55% disapprove; Quinnipiac University: 43% approve - 53% disapprove; NBC/WSJ: 45% approve - 53% disapprove; NPR/PBS News/Marist: 43% approve - 53% disapprove.] GOT A WILD PITCH? READY TO THROW A FASTBALL? We’ve brought “From the Bleachers” to video on demand thanks to Fox Nation. Each Wednesday and Friday, Producer Brianna McClelland will put Politics Editor Chris Stirewalt to the test with your questions on everything about politics, government and American history – plus whatever else is on your mind. Sign up for the Fox Nation streaming service here and send your best questions to HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM. WALLACE WANTS TO BE ‘AS INVISIBLE AS POSSIBLE’ FOR DEBATE Fox News: “Chris Wallace, the host of ‘Fox News Sunday’ and moderator of the first presidential debate between President Trump and Joe Biden, said that he hopes to remain as ‘invisible as possible’ during their faceoff on Tuesday in Cleveland, Ohio. ‘I’m trying to get them to engage…to focus on the key issues…to give people at home a sense of why they want to vote for one versus the other,’ he said. ‘If I’ve done my job right, at the end of the night, people will say, ‘That was a great debate, who was the moderator?’’ The debate will focus on some of the key topics of the day, including the coronavirus pandemic, the economy and the violent protests that have erupted across the country. ‘Everything is different about 2020,’ Wallace said. ‘We’ve got the coronavirus, we’ve got this huge economic dislocation, now something of a recovery, we’ve got this racial tension in this country…the violence on the streets…you know, it’s just, it’s a different year. It makes it particularly tough because 90 minutes—the length of this debate—is a lot of time, but there is an awful lot to ask these two men about,’ he said.” Urine trouble - Politico: “The 2020 campaign for the White House has reached the bizarre stage where the president wants his opponent drug tested before they debate — and his rival’s campaign responds with a potty joke. This latest in the race began Sunday morning when President Donald Trump used his Twitter feed to amplify unfounded statements that Joe Biden takes performance-enhancing drugs before their first face-off Tuesday night. ‘I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also,’ Trump wrote. … Even Biden had to chuckle at Trump’s latest taunts, although the Democratic nominee opted against saying anything… Later, the Biden campaign reconsidered. ‘Vice President Biden intends to deliver his debate answers in words. If the president thinks his best case is made in urine he can have at it,’ said Kate Bedingfield, Biden’s deputy campaign manager.” VOTERS NARROWLY OPPOSE PRE-ELECTION COURT REPLACEMENT Monmouth University: “American voters are split on the general question of whether the U.S. Senate should consider a nominee for the Supreme Court at the very end of a president’s term (47%) or if this should be put on hold until after the election (49%). … When asked specifically about the current vacancy created by the death of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 46% of voters approve and 51% disapprove Trump trying to fill it before the election. However, that opinion is basically flipped when voters are asked if the Senate should hold hearings on his nominee – 53% say it should and 43% say it should not. In 2016, 73% of voters said that the Senate should hold hearings on Obama’s nomination of Merrick Garland.” Poll shows key demographic groups opposed - NYT: “Only 41 percent said they wanted Mr. Trump to choose a justice before November. More striking, the voters Mr. Trump and endangered Senate Republicans must reclaim to close the gap in the polls are even more opposed to a hasty pick: 62 percent of women, 63 percent of independents and 60 percent of college-educated white voters said they wanted the winner of the campaign to fill the seat.” White House prepares ‘knife fighters’ to defend Barrett - Fox News: “The White House is mounting an ‘offensive’ communications strategy ahead of Supreme Court nominee Judge Amy Coney Barrett's upcoming Senate confirmation fight, with aides describing an aggressive plan for ‘knife fighters’ to ‘fiercely’ defend the nominee ahead of what’s expected to be a heated battle on Capitol Hill. ... Senior White House officials told Fox News that the team is broken into two parts: one focused on communications and the other focused on guiding Barrett through the process on Capitol Hill. Senior officials argued the team is ‘uniquely equipped’ for the mission: The White House communications team will consist of White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany, who is a graduate of Harvard Law School and will take on the role of ‘lead spokesperson.’ Deputy Press Secretary Brian Morgenstern, a graduate of Columbia Law School, and White House communications officials Alyssa Farah and Ben Williamson, who are veterans of Capitol Hill and who have unique relationships with Republican leadership in both chambers of Congress, are also on the team.” BIDEN DRAWS EVEN TO TRUMP AMONG MALE VOTERS Bloomberg: “Democrat Joe Biden holds an 8-point lead over President Donald Trump, 49% to 41%, in a New York Times/Siena College poll, helped by a wide lead among women voters. Biden leads among women by 53% to 37% but has also drawn level with Trump at 45%-45% among men, who typically lean Republican, according to the survey. … Some 62% of women, 63% of independents and 60% of college-educated white voters said they preferred that the winner of November’s election make the court selection. The poll showed that 57% of respondents said they support the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, against 38% who oppose it.” Women drivers - WaPo: “Biden and vice-presidential nominee Sen. Kamala D. Harris (Calif.) lead Trump and Vice President [Mike] Pence by 53 percent to 43 percent among registered voters, statistically unchanged from the 12-point margin in a poll taken in August just before Democrats and Republicans held their conventions. Biden and Harris also have a 10-point advantage among likely voters, 54 percent to 44 percent. … A sizable gender gap continues to fuel Biden’s lead, with women making the difference in the current state of the race. Trump has a lead of 55 percent to 42 percent among male likely voters, but Biden has an even larger 65 percent to 34 percent advantage among female likely voters. Trump’s lead among men is about the same as his margin over Hillary Clinton in 2016, but Biden’s lead among women is more than twice as large as Clinton’s was then.” Michigan, Wisconsin stay strong for Biden - NBC News: “Majorities of likely voters in Michigan and Wisconsin say the winner of the 2020 presidential election should get to fill the U.S. Supreme Court seat left vacant after the death of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, as Democrat Joe Biden leads President Donald Trump in both states. Those are the results of two new NBC News/Marist polls of these two battleground states, which show Biden ahead of Trump by 8 points among likely voters in Michigan, 52 percent to 44 percent, and by 10 points in Wisconsin, 54 percent to 44 percent. The likely-voter numbers in Michigan are within that poll’s margin of error, while the numbers in Wisconsin are outside the margin of error.” Steady lead in Minnesota - MPR News: “A new MPR News/Star Tribune/KARE-11 Minnesota Poll of 800 registered voters shows former Vice President Joe Biden leads President Donald Trump by 48-42 percent with 8 percent undecided. The 6 point lead is up 1 percentage point from the last Minnesota Poll in mid-May. The new poll shows Biden with a considerable lead among women and in the core Twin Cities, while Trump draws his strongest support from outside the metro area. … Most registered Minnesota voters—52 percent—disapprove of Trump’s job performance, according to the poll, about the same as the last Minnesota Poll found in mid-May.” Maine split - Colby College: “The Colby poll showed that Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden holds a comfortable statewide lead: 50 to 39 percent. However, in the Second Congressional District, the poll finds more or less a dead heat, with Biden netting 46 percent of the vote and President Donald Trump with 43 percent. ‘It’s certainly not a surprise that the president’s team is investing in the Second CD,’ said [Dan Shea, Colby College Government Department chair]. ‘There are a number of scenarios where one electoral vote could decide the presidency. Here again, it’s going to be a nail biter.’ … The poll asked if they thought Susan Collins should vote on a nominee as soon as possible or wait until either Donald Trump or Joe Biden is sworn into office. Responses to the question found that 58 percent felt Collins should wait, 35 percent said she should vote as soon as possible, and 7 percent were unsure.” PELOSI TELLS DEMS: BE READY FOR HOUSE TO PICK A PRESIDENT Politico: “Speaker Nancy Pelosi has begun mobilizing Democrats for the possibility that neither Joe Biden nor President Donald Trump will win an outright Electoral College victory, a once-in-a-century phenomenon that would send the fate of the presidency to the House of Representatives to decide. Under that scenario, which hasn’t happened since 1876, every state’s delegation gets a single vote. … And right now, Republicans control 26 delegations to Democrats’ 22, with Pennsylvania tied and Michigan a 7-6 plurality for Democrats, with a 14th seat held by independent Justin Amash. … Pelosi, in a Sunday letter to House Democrats, urged them to consider whether the House might be pulled into deciding who is president when determining where to focus resources on winning seats in November. This could lead to more concerted efforts by Democrats to win in states such as Montana and Alaska — typically Republican turf but where Democrats have been competitive statewide.” Kraushaar: ‘Don’t buy into the political panic porn’ - National Journal Bloomberg commits $4 million to GOTV efforts for Biden in Florida - Miami Herald AUDIBLE: BUT OTHER THAN THAT, A GREAT GUY “Everything he says is false.” – Director of the CDC Dr. Robert Redfield talking on the phone on a flight about Dr. Scott Atlas, overheard by NBC News. FROM THE BLEACHERS “You both deserve much credit for making it fun and enjoyable to read the news. Even the bad news sometimes. Case in point, the Tampa Bay Lightning story [in Friday’s Halftime Report] about yelling to shoot. I have screamed at the TV with the same invective enthusiasm. Fortunately my neighbors cannot hear me. Last but not least is the way you both make it easier to absorb a political story due to your relaxed and in some cases your writing wit. Thanks and keep up the great work.” – Patrick J. Conroy, North Fort Myers, Fla. [Ed. note: You can give alllll the credit on that one to producer extraordinaire and super sports fan Brianna. I suspect her appreciation is rooted in personal experience…] Share your color commentary: Email us at HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM and please make sure to include your name and hometown. SHOULD HAVE *AHEM* TIED THE KNOT SOONER NDTV: “A man's marriage proposal was ruined by a runaway boat that sent him tumbling into water. A video of the proposal gone wrong was shared on Twitter by Theo Shantonas, where it has gone viral with thousands of views and puzzled comments. In the video, the unnamed man can be seen standing on one boat, while his fiancée-to-be stands on another. The scene was presumably filmed by someone standing on the deck. The man brings the two boats together and stands on the edge of one as he fishes out a ring and pops the big question. His partner, smiling broadly, appears to say yes, and the two reach out to embrace. Things, however, take an unlucky turn when the woman accidentally hits her boat's controls, sending it flying forward. As she lurches forward, shocked by the sudden movement, her leg hit the man in the face and sent him falling into the water. Luckily, the two were not injured.” AND NOW, A WORD FROM CHARLES… “The premise of a free market is that people can withhold their labor if they find the conditions under which they work intolerable.” – Charles Krauthammer (1950-2018) writing about doctors striking in a larger piece about the high cost of malpractice insurance in Time magazine on Jan. 31, 2003. Chris Stirewalt is the politics editor for Fox News. Brianna McClelland contributed to this report. Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day? Sign up here.
Exercising in the Heat Stephen D. Ball Human Environmental Sciences In recent years, there have been several well-documented cases of highly conditioned athletes dying unexpectedly while exercising in the heat. Understanding what causes the body to overheat can help you prevent a heat-related illness. What causes the body to overheat when exercising in hot environments? At rest, the body is able to balance heat production and heat loss so that its temperature remains around 98 degrees Fahrenheit. However, body temperature begins to rise during exercise as it converts the chemical energy from food into the mechanical energy necessary for movement. The degree of increase is directly proportional to the intensity of the exercise bout. In other words, the harder you are exercising, the higher your body temperature becomes. When you exercise in average indoor or outdoor conditions, the body is usually able to adjust to the increase in body temperature. However, during hot conditions, the body loses its ability to radiate heat from its surface. In fact, when the air temperature exceeds body temperature (above 98 F), the body actually gains heat from the environment. In this case, evaporation, or the conversion of a liquid (sweat) to a gas, becomes the body's only legitimate defense against overheating. Millions of sweat glands on the surface of the skin secrete large amounts of liquid, which when evaporated, help to cool the skin, which in turn cools the blood and ultimately the body. Serious problems can arise because high air temperatures stimulate excessively large amounts of sweat production, which can lead to a dehydrated state. Dehydration leads to higher body temperature. Severely dehydrated individuals can suffer circulatory collapse and death. Heat illness is divided into three incremental stages (heat cramps, heat exhaustion and heat stroke), which, if not dealt with immediately, can lead to medical complications and even death. What are heat cramps and what should I do to prevent them? Heat cramps are involuntary muscle spasms that can occur during or following physical exertion. Generally, heat cramps result from an electrolyte imbalance due to excessive loss of salts. Direct pressure, massage and simple stretching of the cramped muscle should help alleviate the cramping. Heat cramps are the first sign of heat illness and are a signal to drink more water and/or decrease the intensity of physical exertion. What is heat exhaustion and what prevents it? Heat exhaustion is a more serious state of heat illness that usually occurs when a person has not become accustomed to exercising in the heat. Heat exhaustion especially can occur in someone who is not used to exercising in the heat if he or she has not consumed enough water before or during a workout. Heat exhaustion may or may not include collapse with or without consciousness. Symptoms include excessive sweating, cold, clammy skin, normal or slightly elevated body temperature, paleness, dizziness, weak and rapid pulse, shallow breathing, nausea and headache. Anyone experiencing these symptoms should immediately stop exercising and get into the shade, or better yet, get inside an air-conditioned building. An abundant amount of fluid should be consumed. If the situation seems severe enough, elevate the feet and seek medical help. What is heat stroke and how can I prevent it? The most advanced stage of heat illness is called heat stroke. In simple terms, heat stroke is a breakdown of the cooling mechanisms of the body, induced by high body temperature. Someone who is experiencing heat stroke may stop sweating altogether and the skin will appear dry and hot. The pulse is usually strong but rapid. The person may have labored and difficult breathing. Body temperature can exceed 106 F. Heat stroke is an emergency that requires immediate medical attention! Transport the person to the hospital as quickly as possible, ideally in wet sheets. In the meantime, cool the person by any means possible (hose down, apply ice packs, submerge body completely in cold or icy water). Remove as much clothing as possible and treat for shock by elevating the feet slightly. My friends tell me that humidity causes heat-related illnesses, and I say it is the temperature. Which of us is right? You are both correct. During hot conditions, the body loses its ability to radiate heat from its surface. Air temperature is a key factor in determining your risk of overheating, but the humidity level, or the air's water content, is equally important. Several deaths of football players have occurred with air temperatures below 75 F at 95 percent humidity levels. High humidity levels reduce the evaporation of sweat from the skin. Even though it may seem that you are sweating a lot when it is humid, the sweat is mostly rolling off the skin and is not really contributing much to the cooling process. Sweat alone does not cool the body. It is the evaporation of sweat that cools the body. The combination of high air temperatures and high humidity levels increases the risk of heat illness. How do I measure my heart rate at rest and during exercise? Measuring heart rate is often referred to as palpation. You can master it easily with a little practice. - At rest (sitting or lying down), take your first two fingers and locate the radial pulse. This artery is found on the thumb side of your wrist on the underside of the arm. Use only the first two fingers; not the thumb, which can have its own pulse. Also, don’t press too hard or you could block the artery and won’t feel any pulse. - After finding the pulse, look at your watch (or use a stopwatch) and count the number of beats in one minute. This number represents your minute heart rate or your resting heartbeat. You could also just count the number of beats in 30 seconds and multiply by two. The best time to get a true resting heartbeat is immediately upon waking up in the morning, before getting out of bed. During exercise, you may have to stop what you are doing to find your pulse. However, do your best to locate it without stopping. Once you locate the pulse, count the number of beats in 10 seconds and multiply that number by six to get your exercise heart rate. For example, if you count 20 beats in 10 seconds, your exercise heart rate is 120 beats per minute (20 × 6 = 120). Speed up or slow down, based on your target heart rate zone. How can I determine my target heart rate zone? - Determine your maximum heart rate (MHR) by using this formula: 207 - (0.7 × age) - Multiply your MHR by 0.55 = lower end of the target heart rate zone. - Multiply your MHR by 0.90 = upper end of the target heart rate zone. These two numbers represent your target heart rate zone. You should strive to stay between these numbers during your workout. Here is an example calculation for a 30-year-old woman: - 207 - (0.7 × 30) = MHR of 186 - 186 × 0.55 = 102 beats per minute - 186 × 0.90 = 167 beats per minute Target heart rate zone = 102 to 167 beats per minute The most effective way to manage heat illness is to prevent it. The following guidelines offer simple steps for the prevention of heat-related illness: - Recognize that any form of physical exertion, not just exercise, can result in heat-related problems. - Recognize that unfit individuals are more likely to suffer a heat-related illness. - Recognize when temperature or humidity conditions might require you to decrease the intensity of your physical activity. - Before strenuous physical activity, drink plenty of water and other fluids. - Drink more fluids during the activity than your thirst dictates. It is difficult to drink too much. - Drink plenty of fluids after your workout. - As outside temperatures and humidity increase, gradually decrease your physical activity in the short term before increasing your activity back to the previous level over seven to 10 days. In other words, take it easy the first several times you are exposed to a hot environment before increasing your intensity level. - Monitor your heart rate to make sure you are in your target heart rate zone. - Monitor your weight before and after physical activity. If you have lost more than 3 percent of your total body weight prior to the next workout, skip the workout entirely. For example, 3 percent of 120 pounds is about 3.5 pounds, and 3 percent of 175 pounds is about 5 pounds. - Consume adequate amounts of carbohydrates, especially fruits and vegetables, because they contain large amounts of water. - Expose as much skin as possible to increase cooling through sweat evaporation. Don't forget to wear sunblock. - Plan your physical activities for the cooler parts of the day. - Recognize the early warning signs of heat illness, such as heat cramps, excessive sweating, cold, clammy skin, normal or slightly elevated body temperature, paleness, dizziness, weak and rapid pulse, shallow breathing, nausea and headache.
One of the many understated options in Mac OS X is the ability to natively convert audio to m4a straight within the OS X Finder — with none extra downloads or add-ons. Ogg Vorbis: The Vorbis format, usually referred to as Ogg Vorbis attributable to its use of the Ogg container, is a free and open source different to MP3 and AAC. Its foremost draw is that it is not restricted by patents, however that does not have an effect on you as a userвЂ»in fact, despite its open nature and comparable quality, it is much much less widespread than MP3 and AAC, which means fewer gamers are going to support it. As such, we don’t actually suggest it unless you feel very strongly about open supply. Basically, Dwell supports audio information with 1 or 2 channels, with a resolution of 8, 16, 24 or 32-bit and any pattern frequency up to 192kHz. WAV and AIFF (AIFF-C) are the only codecs which Reside can load with out conversion. All different formats are transformed into WAV when being imported. The converted file is saved in Dwell’s Decoding Cache. (The places of the Decoding Cache may be discovered within the Further Information part of this article). Compared with FLAC, M4A file is a MPEG-4 Audio File with AAC or ALAC codec, and has a much better compatibility with Apple devices, since it is developed by Apple. What’s extra, the size of M4A file is smaller than FLAC. Higher still, changing FLAC to M4A (with AAC codec) won’t loss too much quality, or without any quality loss in the event you convert FLAC to M4A with ALAC codec. That’s why more and more people select to convert FLAC to M4A. This audio converter cell app is just obtainable for Android gadgets , however it’s free and has an impressive toolbox to transform and manipulate audio recordsdata. It helps all the popular audio formats, together with MP3, WAV and AAC, and has an extensive listing of features for enhancing and merging audio files as soon as they’re transformed. The audio modifying device is straightforward to use and allows you to zoom in on a portion of the audio file, trim the clip and set it as a ringtone or notification tone. This app also has a characteristic that merges a number of songs collectively to make a custom remix. One other good thing about M4A information are that do not carry any Digital Rights Management (DRM) security related to completely different files that means they are much less restricted. Music Converter is following in the footsteps of the great-profitable Sensible Converter, giving folks a high quality free converter with the ability to upgrade to the Professional model for added features. Why changing your FLAC files into M4A is a good suggestion? One of visit the up coming site potential causes is that you simply would possibly want to avoid wasting disk space on your arduous drives, with out that a lot audio high quality loss. Or, maybe, you wish to play your favorite songs in your hand-held machine, as most of those units do not offer help for the FLAC format. Najlepszy konwerter FLAC na M4A dostępny na systemie Mac to niewątpliwie Konwerter Wideo dla Mac Apowersoft Jest to niezwykle funkcjonalny program przystosowany specjalnie do pracy z systemem Mac OS. W programie dostępnych jest wiele różnych formatów zapisu i innych dodatkowych ustawień. Aplikacja sprawdza się doskonale przy konwersji plików na formaty rozpoznawane przez urządzenia Apple, takie jak iPhone, iPad, iMovie, iTunes i aplikacje takie jak Closing Reduce Pro. Poniżej zamieściliśmy krótką instrukcję obsługi programu. I ve tried a couple of of converter applications but they did not do nice job e.g flac has round 132Mb converted to only 30Mb. Based on wikipedia1 flac can be the name of the container for flac encoded files. Help batch FLAC to M4A conversion. Consists of capabilities of audio converter, audio extractor, CD ripper and CD burner. Helps big selection of audio file codecs such as AC3, AAC, MP3, FLAC, M4A, MKA, OGG, WAV, APE and so on. FLAC which stands for Free Lossless Audio Codec is a file format which permits totally free lossless compression of digital audio. The MP3 format is a lossy information compression format that works by compressing and discarding tiny and irrelevant components of the audio file. It’s also a digital audio coding format formally often known as MPEG-1 or MPEG-2. This article will guide you thru the perfect FLAC to MP3 converters online. The action plan is quite similar to the previous one. Google what you want, download a gentle and go ahead. What is best about this option is you can convert an entire folder of M4As to MP3. It’d take less time, however you may still damage the sound high quality. Really, you possibly can’t convert any audio file to MP3 and count on no deterioration in quality. And once more, there are such a lot of instruments for audio conversion that it is mindless to advocate a selected one, any will do.
Companies at Hannover Messe 2017 Yeah, Hannover Messe 2017! Spring break for automation pros! Okay, not really, especially since some of y’all don’t even do spring break. Anyway, you already know we’ll pack our bags and go cover the entire fair, from the 24th to the 28th of April. If you’re looking for information on companies at Hannover Messe 2017, you’ve come to the right place. You see… We’ve checked out all the companies who said they’ll come play. We hope to cover most of them to keep you updated on new trends and pending launches and to bring you news about process automation in general. Furthermore, to help you optimize your time during the fair, we got the idea to create a list of 10 companies you should visit at Hannover Messe 2017. In these first 10 process automation companies, you’ll find field instrumentation, solutions, and control systems aplenty. Of course, you know we’ll talk about the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) and Industry 4.0, too. Can’t shut us up on those! So are you ready for Hannover Messe 2017? If not, then read on and you will be! Stay tuned to Visaya; we’ll keep the info flowing from now through the fair. See you there! #VisayaHM17 #HM17 The first of our must-see companies at Hannover Messe 2017 is ABB. This company always brings a lot of solutions for different segments. You can read our review of the CoriolisMaster FCB450 to get up to speed on one of ABB’s hottest devices. At the fair, you should also see ABB’s other products, like the company’s latest solutions to device management through fieldbuses and wireless. The ABB reps also plan to cover the topic of industrial energy efficiency. As always, we must improve performance and save money in our plants, and you can have a beer or coffee with some of the people ready to make that happen. You can find ABB in hall 11, stands A35 and D44. Burket Fluid Control System We haven’t covered this company yet on Visaya, but we’ll review its products soon. Furthermore, we’ll stop by the Burket stand and chat with the reps. They should have a bunch of instrumentation products, like flow meters, level transmitters, and pressure devices. I suggest checking out the FLOWave, an interesting meter that follows high hygiene standards to measure low and non-conductive liquids, with no parts inside the tube. The FLOWave can bring a lot of benefits to your application. Burket will have stand G16 in hall 9. Emerson Automation Solutions We go on so much about Emerson, you’d think we worked for them. (Note: We don’t.) That’s because Emerson consistently puts out outstanding solutions for all kinds of applications. We recently published an article about Emerson’s IIoT presentation at its annual user exchange, if you want to take a look. As one of the companies at Hannover Messe 2017, Emerson will have its huge wireless portfolio, along with IIoT solutions based on operational performance, such as process production and energy management. I vouch for the Micro Motion 5700 and the Rosemount 2140 as good products to check out at Emerson’s stand, as I’m sure the reps will bring these two to the fair. They also have system solutions and plant asset management, so you’ll spend some time going through everything! You can find Emerson Automation Solutions in hall 15, stand G43 and hall 11, stand D44. I know you know Endress+Hauser, right? This company provides excellent instrumentation solutions, and it launched some really cool news this year and last year, so check that out too. If nothing else, you should see the flow meter portfolio. You can check out the new Proline 300/500, a product with nice features like Heartbeat technology and wireless communication. And the FMR10/FMR20 level transmitters have cool Bluetooth communication and nice setups for fairly low costs. I’ll bet you’ll see an IIoT presentation from this company, but I’m just guessing. Head to hall 11, stands C43, C44, and E55 to find Endress+Hauser. Another strong company in field instrumentation and automation components, you’ve surely heard about it. We haven’t reviewed any products from IFM but we hope to do so soon. We like the SM series magnetic inductive flow meter, a compact, simple, and efficient device. While you’re there, you can ask the reps for a shorter name next time as well. Just kidding. They should have plenty of products for level and pressure measurement too. Ask about their thoughts on IO-Link, as they seem eager to talk about it. You can find IFM in hall 9, stands D06 and D36. This company has a huge range of instrumentation solutions, with devices for temperature, pressure, level, flow, liquid analysis, and more. It also has solutions to complement the instrumentation portfolio, like control and recording. JUMO’s Hannover Messe 2017 message this year – “Smart sensors for the factories of tomorrow and future-oriented systems” – sounds good! The reps will bring new temperature and sensor devices based on the company’s IO-Link portfolio, so you can check those out too. JUMO has stand C28 in hall 11. This company produces analysis products like density meters, thermal analyses, refractometers, and others. We’d like to point out the pH package, which has a benchtop pH meter, portable pH meter, and software. We have yet to cover analysis on Visaya, but we’ll get there eventually. In the meantime, we’ll talk to the reps and check out the products at Hannover Messe to keep you updated. You can find Mettler-Toledo in hall 8, stand D20. Yeah, you know Pepperl+Fuchs. It offers a lot of products for connectivity and fieldwork, and now it owns the brand ECOM, bringing mobility to the portfolio. You should have a peek at the new ECOM products. I’ll bet you’ll see the new portfolio and how the products can support your process. You’ll also see industrial sensors and other instrumentation to provide connectivity in your plant. Pepperl+Fuchs will be in hall 9 at stands D06, D68, and D76. Yep, another cool company! This one already has presentations for Hannover Messe’s key topics nailed down, so you should keep an eye on it. The first topic is networking and seamless integration. The second is data sovereignty and security. Last but not least, they’ll address applications, where to implement these new solutions in your process. Pretty slick, SICK! You can find SICK in hall 9, stand F18 and hall P11, stand C20. Finally (only because they come last in the alphabet, we promise), we have our Japanese friends! You already know the company and its huge portfolio covering flow, temperature, pressure, device management, and control systems. When you visit the Yokogawa crew, and check out the ROTAMASS Total Insight that we reviewed here at Visaya. You should take a glance at the huge wireless portfolio and control system structures too. Yokogawa has stand D68 in hall 9 and D44 in hall 11. Conclusion: Top 10 companies at Hannover Messe 2017 And there you have it! The must-see companies at Hannover Messe 2017 and the products and presentations to check out. If you plan to go to this fair, then you should at least stop by the stands listed here. If you are from one of these companies or if you know other cool products, please leave a comment below and let’s talk! You ready? We are! #HM17 This video will tell you more about Hannover Messe:
Zack Ryder and Curt Hawkins' "Gratitude Era" continued on this week's WWE RAW from Cleveland, but the more interesting happenings came after the show. We noted back in the summer how Ryder and Hawkins had started tweeting about their "Gratitude Era" movement and encouraging fans to help them usher the new era in. Ryder told fans in July that this is an "era of turning the negatives into positives, an era of no more complaining, an era of showing gratitude." This week's RAW saw Ryder and Hawkins lose a non-title match to RAW Tag Team Champions The Viking Raiders, as seen in the video above. Below is post-show video of The Gratitude Era founders pushing the movement. The interviewer asked them how it felt to take another loss, but Hawkins wasn't trying to hear the negativity. Ryder went on about how they were announced in the 2019 WWE Draft picks that were revealed on The Bump. "Come on man, a loss? Where's your positivity, where's your gratitude?," Hawkins asked. "Win or lose, never defeated," Ryder proclaimed. "That's on our shirt, man. Listen, it's all about gratitude, OK? We got drafted to Monday Night RAW. We got drafted via The Bump. You didn't see The Bump? The Bump should be paying us for this plug, bro." Hawkins continued, "We got sponsored by The Bump. That's a pretty big deal. There's some gratitude in that. I'm grateful for The Bump." "And I'm grateful we wrestled the RAW Tag Team Champions. We got a taste of The Vikings," Ryder added. "On Monday Night RAW. The longest running weekly episodic show in television history. We were on that tonight. Were you?," Hawkins asked the interviewer. "No, your hand's on dot-com now, that's about it." "YouTube, also. And Facebook I'm sure. That's three things. You should be grateful for that," Ryder yelled at the interviewer. Hawkins yelled, "That's a lot of digital platforms that we're going to be on!" Ryder calmed Hawkins down and revealed their new nickname or catchphrase - The PPF. "He should be grateful because he's interviewing The PPF of the WWE," Ryder said. "The Past, Present, and Future." Ryder and Hawkins then ended the segment with smiles. The former RAW Tag Team Champions also had interesting comments on Twitter. Not only did they make their own comments, but they re-tweeted a post from the official WWE Universe account that asked where their pyro was this week. Hawkins wrote, "No pyro this week. But maybe the next. Either way, @ZackRyder & I are full of #GRATITUDE each and every Monday on #RAW" "OMG! @TheCurtHawkins & I talked...had an entrance...and wrestled the Tag Team Champions tonight on #Raw! SO GRATEFUL FOR THAT! #GratitudeEra," Ryder added. Ryder also re-tweeted a fan photo of the two former EdgeHeads in the ring and wrote, "GREAT PIC! I'm grateful that you posted it!" There's a lot of fan speculation on what the inspiration is for this new promo material from Ryder and Hawkins, with some guessing that this could be related to talks from WWE higher-ups. You can see the related tweets and video below: GREAT PIC! I'm grateful that you posted it! https://t.co/NujciPayDE— Matt Cardona (@ZackRyder) October 22, 2019
DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The “U.S. Private LTE & 5G Network Market Size, Share & Trends Analysis Report by Component (Hardware, Software, Services), by Frequency, by Spectrum, by Vertical, and Segment Forecasts, 2020 – 2027” report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com’s offering. The U.S. private LTE & 5G network market size is anticipated to reach USD 5.68 billion by 2027, expanding at a CAGR of 17.0% from 2020 to 2027. This report focuses on the private 5G use cases, the LTE and 5G industry’s regulatory scenario, upcoming trends in various spectrums, and private 5G network providers. Furthermore, the report provides in-depth analysis, market estimations, private network use cases, and potential customers on the key verticals such as manufacturing, automotive, electrical and electronics, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals, heavy machinery, clothing and accessories, energy and utilities, transportation and logistics, defense, public safety, enterprises and campus, public venues, mining, healthcare/hospitals, oil and gas, retail, agriculture, and smart cities. The rising adoption of a private network for the Internet of Things (IoT) applications, industrial use cases, and the Industry 4.0 revolution are some of the critical factors responsible for the market growth in the U.S. The companies are moving towards Industry 4.0 by modernizing and automating industrial operations using modern and smart technologies. Some of these include the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), 5G, smart factory, and interoperability. Industry 4.0 makes use of highly intelligent, automated, and collaborative cyber-physical systems that require robust wireless connections with low latencies. As a result, numerous organizations and factories from energy, logistics, automotive, mining, and power sectors adopt private 5G & LTE networks. Further, the deployment of plenty of Industrial IoT (IIoT) and other sensor-based applications in the manufacturing industry vertical is expected to boost the demand for private 5G network adoption over the forecast period. The companies are extensively preferring the private networks over public networks on account of various benefits such as low latencies, ultra-high-speed, enhanced security, network reliability, and the ability to customize and upgrade the network effectively. The end-users already having legacy private network infrastructure at their premises can directly procure 5G software stacks from software vendors or system integrators and install them into their current servers. This helps clients completely transform their present network into the next generation private 5G network at reduced costs. The new private 5G network installations and network infrastructure upgrades are the crucial factors that will drive the market over the forecast period. However, the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and staggering 5G deployment is expected to hinder the overall market growth over a short period. Further, the small and medium companies in the low-income markets and outskirts areas of the U.S. cannot meet the massive capital investments required to build a reliable private connectivity infrastructure. Therefore, the lack of positive response from such firms is anticipated to hinder the market’s steady growth. The market players gain competitive advantage by making large investments towards 5G deployment and acquiring new private 5G installations from various industries such as healthcare, logistics, manufacturing, and others. The network operators, including AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon, have influential positions in the LTE connectivity space in the U.S.. The primary network providers such as Ericsson and Nokia have already invested considerably towards the 5G and LTE technologies and infrastructure, thereby gaining a stronghold on the market for private LTE and 5G network. U.S. Private LTE & 5G Network Market Report Highlights - Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, the healthcare industry is suffering from inadequate healthcare personnel to care for patients. As a result, the hospitals and healthcare facilities are upgrading to private LTE and 5G networks to enhance their telemedicine and remote patient monitoring abilities - The private LTE and 5G networks are expected to improve the operating excellence in the industrial facilities by enabling the integration of IIoT in various devices and equipment - The U.S. government has banned Huawei Technologies, Co, Ltd, a China-based 5G equipment provider, and system integrator, to deploy its 5G equipment across the country. As a result, the 5G companies and telecom operators face challenges in private 5G network deployment through partnerships and collaborations - Customers are highly focused on implementing private 5G networks with ultra-low latency and fast data transfer speeds, thereby enabling smart factories that utilize Augmented Reality (AR), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and advanced robotics for operations - The manufacturing segment has accounted for around 20% of the market revenue share in 2019, and it is anticipated to expand at a significant CAGR from 2020 to 2027. Numerous manufacturing companies are expected to move towards automation and adopt technologies such as the IIoT, robot assistance, and digital twins by installing private 5G networks - The transportation and logistics segment is also anticipated to exhibit a high CAGR from 2020 to 2027 due to the significant increase in the number of warehouses in the U.S. and the surging adoption of autonomous robots in the warehousing facilities Market Variables, Trends & Scope The U.S. Private LTE and 5G Network Market – Value Chain Analysis The U.S. Private LTE and 5G Network Market Dynamics Market Driver Analysis - Increased adoption of private LTE and 5G network for IoT applications - Rising implementation of highly secured Private 5G network infrastructure across several enterprise and industrial use cases Market Restraint Analysis - Lack of adoption of Private 5G & LTE from Small and Medium Companies in the low-income markets Market opportunity Analysis - Private LTE & 5G network for long term growth of industry 4.0 The U.S. Private LTE and 5G Network Penetration & Growth Prospects Mapping Covid-19 Impact Analysis Key Use Case Analysis - Automated Guided vehicles (AGV) - Collaborative Robots/Cloud-Robots - Industrial sensors and Heavy Machinery Automations - Predictive Maintenance and Analytics - Remote Patient Monitoring & Diagnosis - Public Safety and Emergency Services 5G Current and Upcoming Spectrum Scenario 5G Regulations & Policies - AT&T Inc. - Broadcom Inc. - Cisco Systems, Inc. - HUAWEI TECHNOLOGIES CO., LTD. - Nokia Corporation - QUALCOMM INCORPORATED - Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. - Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson - T-Systems International GmbH - Verizon Communications - Vodafone Group Plc - ZTE Corporation For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/g2tx77. Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900
To keep our employees, customers, and community safe, we have proactively decided to cancel our 2020 Kid’s Planting Day. We know this is a very special tradition for many families and friends, and an exciting new adventure for others! In lieu of this special event, we would like to offer Kid’s Planting Day … Continue Reading ›› Succulent Container Gardens are a fun and creative way to dress up a sunny patio or deck, and they lend themselves well to fairy, gnome and zen gardens too! Join Heidi Saturday, May 19 at 4:00 for a one hour “PYO” (Plant Your … Continue Reading ›› Get growing this spring at the 10th annual Kid's Planting Day! Saturday, April 28th from 10:00-12:00 bring your budding green thumb(s) to pot up flowers for Mother's Day! The plants, the potting mix, the container, bow and Happy Mother's Day pick are all included in the … Continue Reading ›› I've been spending time out in the yard, finalizing my plan for spring 2017. It's spring break, so my kids are right there with me! They point out every insect, woolly caterpillar and spider they find exploring with us. This is the first year that my … Continue Reading ›› Join us at the nursery on Saturday, April 23rd from 10:30-11:30 for our annual Kid's Planting Day! Work with your child(ren) to fill their planter(s) with the help and instruction of Knecht's staff. We provide the pot, selected annuals, potting mix, and … Continue Reading ››
Shifting up a league doesn’t all the time carry success. The rewards may be higher, but the competitors will be more durable. So it’s for the Vw Scirocco 2019. The one-time Nissan Qashqai and Kia Sportage rival has been reinvented as a dearer SUV, so now it’s up against formidable prestige-badged competition such because the BMW X1. Luckily, the new Vw Scirocco 2019 builds on the strengths of the authentic, offering more room, a classier feel and improved efficiency. It’s nonetheless designed primarily for on-road use, but four-wheel-drive 4Motion versions now function adjustable drive modes that allow you to sort out totally different conditions. Engines range from a 1.4-litre petrol with 123bhp to a 2.0-litre twin-turbo diesel with 237bhp, though the lowest-powered fashions include front-wheel drive and a handbook gearbox only. If you need an automated ‘box and four-wheel drive, you’ll want to take a look at engines with 148bhp and above. Learn on over the next few pages for every part it’s essential know in regards to the Vw Scirocco 2019, together with which engine and trim to decide on. And do not forget to go to our new car deals to see if you can get a good discount off a Vw Scirocco 2019. The perfect-selling Vw Scirocco 2019 is the 148bhp 2.0-litre diesel model (badged 2.0 TDI 150) and it is easy to see why; it provides a positive blend of performance and fuel economy, whereas the cheaper 115 model (with 113bhp) feels slightly in need of puff. There’s additionally a 190 version of the 2.0 TDI engine that delivers plenty of punch but is relatively dear, while the range-topping 240 model brings yet more pace for an much more eyebrow-raising price. In the event you’re extra fascinated with petrol power, the entry-level 125 model puts out 123bhp from its turbocharged 1.Four-litre engine. Nevertheless, whereas it is the most inexpensive mannequin in the vary, it struggles a bit up inclines, especially when loaded as much as the gunnels. The 150 model is better, but nonetheless lacks the low-rev pulling energy of the diesels. As for the 2.0-litre 180 petrol engine, it feels quick and is fast off the road, thanks to all-wheel drive coming as standard. It doesn’t fairly have the in-gear flexibility of the diesels, although, but round town you’ll have little issue with the respectable performance it affords and out on the motorway there’s no drawback overtaking. By small SUV requirements, the Vw Scirocco 2019 rides very well indeed. It smooths over larger imperfections, akin to pace bumps, higher than the BMW X1, yet the suspension is still agency sufficient to stop the body from bouncing up and down too much alongside undulating roads. Patched up roads and broken Tarmac can unsettle the Vw Scirocco 2019 somewhat – particularly if you choose a version with big alloy wheels – however compared with its key rivals the Vw Scirocco 2019 is snug. Even the sporty R-line trim is bearable, if inferior to lesser models. If you need a extra settled journey, you’ll want to decide on something with a decrease centre of gravity, reminiscent of a VW Golf. We would not bother with the Vw Scirocco 2019 optional adaptive suspension. It would not improve the trip that much and there are more worthwhile extras to spend your money on. The Vw Scirocco 2019 handles more like a standard hatchback than a lot of its SUV rivals; it is genuinely pleasurable to drive. Some could feel the steering is a little too mild, nevertheless it’s exact, making the automotive easy to put on the highway. There is not too much physique roll by corners and all variations have loads of grip, though the four-wheel-drive 4Motion fashions unsurprisingly offer better traction in slippery situations. True, the X1 and Seat Ateca are much more agile by way of the twisty bits, however the Vw Scirocco 2019 outshines most other small SUVs, including the Nissan Qashqai and Kia Sportage. The R-line model is out there with sports suspension but this doesn’t make the Vw Scirocco 2019 any more fun. 4Motion fashions add a dial next to the gearlever that means that you can select different modes depending on the terrain and provoke a hill descent system. An extra choice is adaptive chassis control – this allows you to stiffen or soften the suspension to prioritise either trip consolation or flatter handling. The petrol engines are especially smooth, even when being labored laborious, and whereas the diesels sound a bit clattery at tickover and if you really put your foot down, they’re nonetheless muted at a cruise and far from raucous when accelerating. That stated, the diesel engines within the rival X1 are barely quieter. At excessive speeds, you’ll hear a flutter of wind noise around the Vw Scirocco 2019 door mirrors, however just about no street noise unless you opt for a version with actually large alloy wheels. The handbook gearbox is light and easy to use, whereas the DSG computerized is easy and soothing the overwhelming majority of the time, with solely the occasional jerk at low speeds. Related posts of "Vw Scirocco 2019" 43 Image Gallery of Vw Scirocco 2019 This Vw Scirocco 2019 is provided only for personal use as image on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
Ever feel like Fastpasses for Pandora are like magical unicorns? You’re pretty sure they exist but you can never get one! Check out these tips on How to Skip Long Lines at Disney’s Pandora, no frantic Fastpass checking required! I know that lines aren’t the end of the world. And most of the time I embrace them and try to make the most out of them with fun games and getting to know the people around me. But that 200 minute wait is just not something I can get behind. And if you’re out of luck with the Fastpasses and waiting is your only option, spending half of your day in line for a popular attraction is bound to make anyone cranky. So what’s a girl (or guy) to do when your must-do line is hours long? The answer is simple, and it’s super easy too! Chris and I visited Pandora way back when it first opened last year. I was never a huge fan of Avatar so I was a bit skeptical about the new land but I ended up loving it. There’s so much to photograph and Flight of Passage is easily the best ride at Disney. I’m not kidding, the ride is ah-mazing. I know a lot of people check the Fastpass+ page a lot to see if they can grab one of those coveted Fastpasses for the ride. They’re hard to come by and if you don’t grab them when your window opens to book them then the chances are slim that you’ll be able to grab one at all. Slim, but not impossible. But what if you can’t get a Fastpass? Are you just out of luck? There are a few other ways to skip long lines at Disney’s Pandora. + Get to DAK before the park opens I’m not a morning person at all so this isn’t my style but you can get to Animal Kingdom and line up for Pandora before the park opens. Once they start letting people in you can do your fast walk (don’t run!) to the ride and get in line early. My only suggestion is to PLEASE keep your party together because it’s so annoying to have one person run up to get a primo spot and have the other 5 people in their party have to push their way in front to join them. Don’t be that person y’all. Please don’t. + Jump in line right before the park closes This is more my speed and Chris and I do it with popular rides all the time. All the Fastpass people have gotten in line by then which means the line will start moving faster for non-Fastpassers. That two hour wait can easily drop down to 60-90 minutes (depending) and you’ll spend way less time in line. Plus, the people waiting at the end of the night are much nicer than those who who are waiting in the hot sun all day. We’ve made quite a few line buddies at the end of the night and it’s always fun! + Check for Fastpasses the morning you’re heading to the parks While this isn’t always guaranteed I’ve found that Disney sometimes releases more Fastpasses for the popular rides the morning of. So if you’ve been checking Disney’s My Experience App every day up until your trip with no luck, you may want to try again the morning of. You may get lucky! And on that note, keep trying every day up until your park day. People release Fastpasses all the time and you may get lucky and snatch one up! These methods aren’t always fool-proof and you may not always get lucky with a short wait. If that happens, come armed with a few games to play on your phone or get chummy with the people around you. I swear that line waiting is more fun when you make friends! You can apply these rules to any of the popular rides at Disney (we’ve jumped in line many times for Frozen at Epcot right before the park closed!) so that you have more time during the day for other attractions. It really is our favorite way to get mostly everything done. Here are a few of my other favorite Disney secrets! - 60 Things to Do at Disney with Toddlers - How to Pack for Toddlers at Disney - 10 Perks for Disney Annual Passholders
Credit Suisse and UBS may see a possible merger as the chairmen of both banks are already considering creating a single European banking giant, according to reports. The move would create one of Europe's largest financial institutions, and could boost the efforts of both to gain valuable market share in Asia. Consultants from McKinsey & Company have reportedly been tapped to draw up plans for a "mega-merger." Reported by vetted financial blog Inside Paradeplatz, the merger project has been named Signal and is headed by UBS chairman, Axel Weber, who is in talks with Urs Rohner from Credit Suisse. Weber is said to have already warned Finance Minister Ueli Maurer and the Federal Financial Market Supervisory Authority of the planned merger. Weber is likely to become the chairman of the combined entity, which means someone from Credit Suisse will fill the position of CEO. With annual revenues of more than $30bn, the UBS Group is a multinational investment bank and financial services company founded and based in Switzerland. Credit Suisse Group is a global wealth manager, investment bank and financial services firm founded and based in Switzerland. Headquartered in Zürich, it maintains offices in all major financial centres around the world, and has annual revenues of more than $24bn. If approved, the merged entity would be one of Europe's largest investment entities and on a par with Wall Street giants Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan and Wells Fargo.
ANN ARBOR, MI – With distance learning becoming a necessity across the country due to the novel coronavirus pandemic, Ann Arbor Public Schools is considering a new system designed to connect teachers, students and families more efficiently. The district brought the proposed purchase of the Schoology platform before its Board of Education for a first reading Wednesday, April 29. If approved, the system would cost $168,000 in its first year and be paid for with Title I CARES Act funding. Title I funding would cover the cost in its second and third years, which would cost $225,000 and $234,000, respectively. The learning platform would be interoperable with its current Powerschool system, creating more efficient communications between teachers and parents and better ease of access for younger students, Ann Arbor Public Schools Superintendent Jeanice Swift said. “We feel very strongly that the COVID crisis has made it where our job in communication is more challenging than ever,” Swift said. “We’ve heard from our teachers and from our families that this has been an ongoing need, but has been more exacerbated by this distance learning format.” District leaders touted Schoology’s integration with Powerschool, which acquired it in 2019, saving teachers time in areas like grading, sharing academic content online and professional development. Since Ann Arbor schools canceled in-person classes in mid-March due to the spread of COVID-19, Interim Executive Director of Instructional and Information Technology Heather Kellstrom said numerous calls from parents have stressed the need for a one-stop-shop to check their child’s grades and communications from teachers. “From the 7,600 parent phone calls that we’ve taken, (parents have) really struggled to piece all of the learning components together,” Kellstrom said. “We can put all of our other third-party products in and embed them in this environment and cut down some costs in other places, because we won’t over time need some of those tools to get the job done.” The district estimates the purchase would save it about $65,000 in online licensing in the first year and another $130,000 in the second year of the agreement. Savings would be realized by streamlining other online licensing costs, eventually phasing out current learning platforms like FileMaker and SchoolMessenger. Ann Arbor Public Schools would launch the program during a trial run in the spring and summer, with volunteer teachers learning the program so they can help implement the system in the district by fall 2020, should the board approve the purchase. Board members said they hoped to get a better sense of how the program works with teachers in the coming weeks, with ease of access and making online learning more efficient for all parties being key factors. "I wouldn’t want to add to the things parents are juggling or add to the things teachers are juggling,” Board member Jessica Kelly said. “So the integration of those, I appreciate.” Board member Jeff Gaynor shared some anecdotal concerns he’s heard from parents about the platform and whether making teachers learn how to navigate a new system will create efficiency. "Some concerns are that this is just another new platform for teachers that may be difficult to learn,” Gaynor said. “... Is this stemming from an administrative desire to have reach into all of the data, or is it really going to improve teacher practice and student ease?” If purchased, the district would be able to cancel the three-year contract with a 60-day notice. With uncertainty still surrounding how learning will take place in the fall, whether it be in-person classes, fully online or a hybrid of the two, Assistant Superintendent Dawn Linden said it is important to have a learning system in place that will maximize efficiency for students, parents and teachers. "We’re wanting not to be in a place where we’re ever caught off guard again,” Linden said. “We want to be ahead of the curve and prepared. This tool has all of the components that we could ever need if we did have to go fully online again.”
Prof. AAA. Atayero B.Sc|M.Sc|Ph.D Moscow, Russia Head, IoT-enabled Smart and Connected Communities (IESCC) Research Cluster Awards & Honours - Fellow, Chartered Institute of Administration (FCIA), “having met the educational and practical experience requirements prescribed by Chartered Institute of Administration Act No. 103 of 1992.” Nov.27, 2018.. - Recipient, CEO of The Year #IAMBRANDNIGERIA Award, In Collaboration with Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON). “In recognition and celebration of the scholastic work of as an individual, whose work has significantly advanced Nigeria and its educational system, placing the Nigeria brand on the global news for such accomplishment(s)”. - Recipient, IEOM Society Distinguished Leadership Award ‘In recognition of Outstanding Leadership and Dedication to Education and Exceptional Contributions to Engineering and Technology”, St. George Hotel, Pretoria, SA, Oct. 31, 2018. - Recipient, IEOM Society Outstanding Educator Award ‘In recognition and appreciation of lifelong service and dedication to education and exceptional contributions to academia”. University of the District Columbia (UDC), Sep.27-29, 2018. - Fellow, The Institute of Management Consultants (FIMC), “In recognition of outstanding, and demonstrated commitment to creating, maintaining, extending and promoting the highest world standards of management consulting practice, ethics, competence and client service.” Lagos, Nigeria, Oct. 2017. - Recipient, African Entrepreneurs Merit Award 2017: Award for Excellence and Leadership, by African Entrepreneurs Foundation, Abuja, Nigeria, Sep 2017. - Senior Research Fellow, (Certified Advisory Member in Communication Engineering), International Association of Research Scholars and Administrators (IARSA), July, 2017 - Fellow, The Science Association of Nigeria (FSAN), Jul 2017 - Recipient, Nigerian Society of Engineers’ (NSE, Ikeja) Award for Excellence, 2016 - Host Professor, Carnegie - IIE African Diaspora Fellowship (ADF) programme, Jan - Mar 2015. - Recipient, Ford Foundation Teaching Innovation Award, 2009/2010: “For demonstrated innovative approach to teaching, research, and mentoring of junior academics.” - Recipient, International Center for Theoretical Physics (Trieste, Italy) Grant for Workshop on Low-Cost Wireless Networking, AUST, Abuja, October 2010. - Recipient, International Center for Theoretical Physics (Trieste, Italy) Grant for FPGA and VHDL Workshop, Kumasi Ghana, 2005 - Recipient, Federal Government of Nigeria Scholarship: Bureau for External Aide, 1988–1994. - Recipient, Russian Government Stipend: 1988–1994. Undergraduate: Information Theory & Coding Techniques. Digital Systems Design with VHDL. Satellite Communications. Digital Speech Processing. History and Philosophy of Science. Cryptography Principles & Application. Internet Technology & Programming. Digital Electronics. Electric Circuit Theory. Use of Engineering Software Packages. Physical Electronics. Analogue Electronics. Postgraduate: Modelling of Information and Communication Systems and Networks | Satellite Communications | Transmission of Information | Digital Communication & Network Management. Current Postgraduate Supervision • mmWave Massive MIMO 5G Network Optimal Path Loss Determination In a Smart City using ELM • mmWave Massive MIMO Channel Characterization and Performance Analysis for 5G Networks • Development of a Graphene Field Effect Transistor for Saliva-Based Micronutrient Quantification • Cervical dilation assessment using image processing and machine learning techniques • M.Eng. Thesis: , Department of Electrical and Information Engineering (EIE), College of Engineering (CoE), Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria (Defended: Jun.2018). • Development of FIGA: A Novel Trust-Based Algorithm for Securing Autonomous Interactions in WSN, Department of Electrical and Information Engineering (EIE), School of Applied Engineering (SoE), College of Engineering (CoE), Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria (Defended: Feb.2015). • PhD. Thesis: Development of Robust Pre-processing Algorithm for Low-Contrast Human Iris, Department of Electrical and Information Engineering, SAE, CoE, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (Defended: 15.07.2015). • PhD Thesis: Wind Power Integration Into Nigeria Distribution Grid, Department of EIE, SET, CST, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (2011 – 2014). • PhD Thesis: Development of a Framework for Intelligent Self-Service Voice-Enabled Systems, Department of Computer and Information Sciences, School of Natural and Applied Sciences (SNAS), College of Science and Technology, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (Defended 2012.02.17). • PhD Thesis: End-to-End Delay Determination of Switched Ethernet Tree Local Area Networks, Department of EIE, SET, CST, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (Defended 2011.06.07 | Published 2012.04.18 Available at: http://qr.net/end2end1 ). • M.Eng. Thesis: Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System Models for Dynamic Load Balancing in 3GPP LTE Network, Department of EIE, SET, CST, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria (‘A’ Defended 2012.06.13 | Published 2012.07.26, Available at http://qr.net/anfis2 ). • M.Eng. Thesis: Modelling and Simulation of the Physical Layer of PRIME PLC, Department of EIE, SET, CST, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (Defended 2012.06.13). • M.Eng. Thesis: Development of a Framework for the Implementation of Voice over IP on an IP PBX for Corporate Enterprises, Department of EIE, SET, CST, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (Defended 2012.06.13). • M.Eng. Thesis: Development of a FOS Web-Based Dark-Skinned/Brown-Eyed Iris Corpora, Department of EIE, SET, CST, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (Defended 2012.07 | Published 2012.08.26 | Available http://qr.net/cuiris2 ). • M.Eng. Thesis: Design and Implementation of a Multi-channel Application for Customer Care Service Delivery, Department of EIE, SET, CST, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, October, (2006). Selected Publications (3) 51. Times Higher Education (THE) Emerging Economies Summit, Qatar University, Doha, Qatar, Jan 14–16, 2019. 50. The 1st African International Conference on Industrial Engineering & Operations Mgt. (IEOM) Society, Pretoria/Johannesburg, South Africa, Oct 30-Nov 1, 2018. 49. The 3rd Industrial Engineering & Operations Mgt. (IEOM) Society Conference, The University of The District of Columbia, Sep. 27-29, 2018 48. Times Higher Education World Academic Summit, National University of Singapore, Sep. 25-27, 2018 47. AWARD Leadership Course, Sep.3-5 2018, Covenant University, Ota 46. AWARD Grant Proposal Writing Course, Sep. 5-8 2018, Covenant University, Ota 45. IEEE Comsoc Continuing Education for Communication Professionals Course, Title: Millimeter Wave Wireless Communications for Fifth Generation(5G), by T. Rappaport, (CEUs = 0.3), Download, 2018.07.01-05. 44. Panelist, The African Society of Cambridge University 5th Africa Together Conference: Pathways to a New Africa, Cambridege Union, University of Cambridge, 15th–16th June 2018, Cambridge, United Kingdom. 43. Times Higher Education (THE) Emerging economies Summit, Mohammed The 5th University, 8th–10th May, 2018, Rabat, Morocco 42. King Baudouin Foundation US, Art and Science of Fundraising, Rockefeller Center, 29th Apr–2nd May, 2018, Greater New York, NY, USA 41. Association of Commonwealth Universities (ACU) Gender Workshop 2018, Theme: Mainstreaming Gender in Higher Education: Implications for National Growth and Development, 27-30 Mar. 2018, Covenant University, Nigeria. 40. MIT J-WEL, Group of global leaders in education for World Education Lab, themed “Learning Communities of the future”, 19-22 Mar. 2018, MIT, Boston, Massachussetts, USA 39. International Association of Engineers (IAENG), World Congress on Engineering and Computer Science WCECS 2017, October 25-27, 2017, San Francisco, USA. 38. Times Higher Education (THE) World Academic Summit, King’s College – IET Savoy Place, 2nd–5th Sep. 2017, London, U.K. 37. International Association of Engineers (IAENG) World Congress on Engineering (WCE2017), University of Cambridge, 5th – 7th July, 2017, London, U.K. 36. 1st Times Higher Education (THE) Innovation Summit, Hong Kong Poly. University, 31 May–2 Jun, 2017. Hong Kong. 35. Association of Commonwealth Universities (ACU), Round Table on: “The role of faith-based universities in promoting respect”, Liverpool Hope University, 30 Jan-1Feb 2017, Liverpool, United Kingdom. 34. Times Higher Education (THE) Emerging Economies Summit, Dec 2016, University of Johannesburg, South Africa. 33. 3rd Covenant University International Conference on African Development Issues CU-ICADI 2016, 9th -11th May 2016, Ota, Nigeria. 32. NIST-USIgnite Global City Teams Challenge/IoT-Enabled Smart City Framework, NIST Campus, 22d-25th Mar. 2016, Gaithersburg, MD, USA. 31. Future Technologies Conference (FTC 2016),6-7 December 2016, San Francisco, CA, United States 30. Times Higher Education BRICS & EE Summit, 30Nov.-2Dec. 2016, University of Johannesburg, RSA. 29. Huawei Cloud Connect: Shape The Cloud, Aug.31-Sep.2 2016, Expo Center, Shanghai, China. 28. IEEE Technically Sponsored SAI Computing Conference 2016, 13-15 Jul. 2016 London, United Kingdom 27. 3rd Covenant University International Conference on African Development Issues CU-ICADI 2016, 9th-11th May 2016, Ota, Nigeria. 26. IoT-Enabled Smart City Framework, NIST Campus, 24th-25th Mar. 2016, Gaithersburg, MD, USA. 25. NIST-USIgnite Global City Teams Challenge, NIST Campus, 22nd-23rd Mar. 2016, Gaithersburg, MD, USA. 24. International Conference on Circuits and Systems (ICCS), IAENG WCECS 2015, 21st~23rd Oct. 2015, San Fransisco (USA). 23. International Conference on Communication Systems and Technologies (ICCST), IAENG WCECS 2015, 21st~23rd Oct. 2015, San Fransisco (USA). 22. International Conference on Computer Science and Applications (ICCSA), IAENG WCECS 2015, 21st~23rd Oct. 2015, San Fransisco (USA). 21. 3rd Int’l. Conference on Advances in Computing, Electronics & Communication ACEC 2015, 10-11 Oct 2015, Zurich, Switzerland 20. Inaugural Times Higher Education™ Africa Universities Summit, 30th–31st July 2015, University of Johannesburg, South Africa. 19. 7th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies EDULEARN 2015, 6th–8th July 2015, Barcelona (Spain). 18. The International Conference on Web & Open Access to Learning (ICWOAL'2014), Atlantis, The Palm, Dubai, UAE, Nov. 25-‐27, 2014 17. 7th International Conference on Education, Research and Innovation ICERI 2014, 17th-19th Nov 2014, Seville, Spain 16. 6th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies Edulearn 2014, 7th-9th July 2014, Barcelona, Spain 15. British Council Going Global Conference 'Global Education: Knowledge-based economies for 21st Century Nations', 29th April - 1 May 2014, Miami Beach Convention Center, Miami Florida USA. 14. 1st. Times Higher Education Young Universities' Summit, 28th April 2014, Fontainebleau, Miami Florida USA. 13. 20th Nigerian Economic Summit Group (NES#20): Transforming Education Through Partnership for Global Competitiveness, Resource Person, Design Workshop IV: Tertiary Education – Competitiveness and Employability, 18–20 Mar, 2014, Transcorp Hilton, Abuja, Nigeria. 12. 8th International Technology, Education and Development Conference (INTED2014), 10–12 Mar. 2014, Valencia, Spain. 11. ICMCS National Conference on Teaching & Research Innovation in Nigerian Universities, 17-19 April, 2012. Redeemers' University, Mowe, Nigeria. 10. International Conference on Computer Science and Applications 2011, World Congress on Engineering and Computer Science 2011, October 19-21, 2011, San Francisco, USA. 9. International Conference on Signal Processing and Imaging Engineering 2011, World Congress on Engineering and Computer Science 2011, October 19-21, 2011, San Francisco, USA. 8. International Conference on Communications Systems and Technologies 2011, World Congress on Engineering and Computer Science 2011, October 19-21, 2011, San Francisco, USA. 7. IEEE 2nd International Workshop on Recent Advances in Broadband Access Networks RABAN 2011, co-located with IEEE 11th International Conference on ITS Telecommunication, August 23-25, 2011, St. Petersburg, Russia. 6. IEEE Region 8 EUROCON 2009 Conference, Saint-Petersburg, Russia. 5. The 2nd IEEE International Conference on Adaptive Science & Technology (ICAST), December 14~16, 2009, Accra, Ghana. 4. IEEE Communication Society 16th Telecommunication Forum, Belgrade, Serbia, Nov. 25–27 2008. 3. Southern African Telecommunications and Applications Conference (SATNAC2007), Sugar Beach Resort, Mauritius, 9-13 Sep. 2007. 2. International Conference and Workshop on 3G GSM and Mobile Computing: An Emerging Growth Engine for National Development, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, 2007. 1. International Conference on New Trends in Mathematics and Computer Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, 2006. SEMINARS & WORKSHOPS: 11. COREN-NSE Workshop on Engineering Regulations Monitoring (ERM) to Sensitise the Chief Executives of Engineering-based Companies, Corporations, Agencies, and Institutions, NSE Abeokuta Branch Head Quarters, Ogun State, 3 May 2012. 10. International Center for Theoretical Physics (Italy)–African University of Science and Technology–NUC Workshop on Low-Cost Wireless Networking, AUST, Abuja, October 2010. 8. Nigerian Institute of Elelctrical and Electronic Engineering Workshop, Abuja, 2009. 7. NUC Workshop for Deans and HODs of Electrical Engineering, Abuja, 2008. 6. International Federation of Inventors Association (IFIA), 4th International Exhibition of Young Inventors, Yogyakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 2007. 5. International Federation of Inventors Association (IFIA), 2007 World Cup of Computer Implemented Inventions (CII) 27-30, Sept. 2007, Taipei, Taiwan. 4. Nigeria Association of Inventors’ 2nd National Young Inventors & Innovators Summit, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria, (2006). 3. International Center for Theoretical Physics (Italy)–Kwame Nkruma University of Science and Technology ICTP-KNUST Regional Microelectronic Workshop on FPGA and VHDL for research and Training in Africa, Kumasi, Ghana, 2005. 2. Harris Communications Microwave Engineering Workshop, Eko Hotel, Lagos, 2001. 1. Crosna Scientific Industrial Center, Workshop on Satellite Communications, Moscow, Russia, 1994. Summary of Profile The University also ranked as #151 Globally in THE Emerging Economies Rankings and ranked 301+ in the inaugural THE Impact Rankings for 2019. She is likewise ranked in the 151-200 range among universities under 50 years old globally in THE Young University Rankings 2019. In the recently released WUR 2020, Covenant was ranked in the 401-500 bracket globally, as the best of four institutions in Nigeria. The University emerged as #7 globally by improvement over last year's performance. Covenant won African Development Bank Center of Excellence in ICT slot and became one of the World Bank Africa Centers of Excellence (ACE-Impact) host Institutions with the Covenant Applied Informatics and Communication (ACE-ApIC). His dynamic and innovative leadership has created the necessary impetus for winning several international grants and awards from reputable organisations like the World Bank, UNESCO, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, National Institute of Health, DAAD, to mention but a few. Engineer (Prof.) Atayero has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Radio Engineering and a Master of Science Degree in Satellite Communication Systems in 1992 and 1994 respectively. He earned his PhD from the Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation (MSTUCA) in 2000. A professor of communication engineering, Atayero is a Fellow of the Science Association of Nigeria (FSAN), Chartered Institute of Administration (FCIA); Chartered Institute of Management Consultants (FIMC); as well as a Senior Research Fellow of the International Association of Research Scholars and Administrators. Atayero is a COREN Registered Engineer and member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and other professional bodies. He has published over a hundred scientific papers in international peer-reviewed journals and proceedings. He is on the editorial board of several international scientific and engineering Journals. Atayero is a recipient of various awards and scholarships including NIEEE Distinguished Communications Engineer’s Award of Excellence; APCON-#IAMBRANDNIGERIA CEO of The Year Award, IEOM Distinguished Leadership and Outstanding Educator Awards; Award for Excellence and Leadership, by African Entrepreneurs Foundation; the 'Ford Foundation Teaching Innovation Award' to name a few. His current research interests are in various aspects of Communication Engineering, including (but not limited to): Wireless Sensor Networks, Wireless (Mobile) Communications, Internet of Things (IoT), Smart Cities, and Cyber-Physical Systems.
Take your Employee Central Payroll system to the next level (Part 2)Take your Employee Central Payroll system to the next level (Part 2) https://spinifexit.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/SpinifexIT-April-blog_Take-your-Employee-Central-Payroll-system-to-the-next-level-part-2-featured-image-final-version-1024x576.png 1024 576 SpinifexIT https://spinifexit.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/SpinifexIT-April-blog_Take-your-Employee-Central-Payroll-system-to-the-next-level-part-2-featured-image-final-version-1024x576.png In this blog, we’ll step back to consider some of the challenges during implementation, both for existing on-premise customers deciding to migrate to Employee Central Payroll (ECP) and for new Customers planning to implement ECP. This blog will focus on the Payroll Migration, but of course, you still need to implement Employee Central. If you already have Employee Central implemented and connected to your on-premise solution, then the migration process could be much simpler as you may be able to just focus on the ECP side and know that the Employee Central configuration and setup is already there. This blog comes with a FREE planning checklist. Download it here and use it as your guide. Moving from On-Premise? Implement, Reimplement or Migrate your Payroll Many companies who are looking to move to Employee Central Payroll will be existing SAP On-Premise customers. If you fall into this category, you need to consider how much of your existing Payroll configuration and setup you would want to move to the Employee Central Payroll Solution. Migrate your System The intent of the migration is to move your configuration, and historical employee data (including payroll history) to the new Employee Central Payroll solution with the aim that it will run with minimal changes. This means less re-configuration, less testing and that you can continue to use your new system to report historical data. Reimplement your Payroll In some cases, customers may have areas that they have felt have always been a challenge. For example: There may be an old configuration you wish to remove, or you want to reconfigure some payroll rules to operate differently. This is often a perfect time to do this as you have a project team and can incorporate this work into the existing project. It is also lower risk as you are only changing some areas of the configuration. Save yourself and your company hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars! The best course of action is to begin planning now, so you can review all the options available to you. Part of this is learning the prerequisites you’ll need to support your project more efficiently. Aside from the migration of the payroll configuration, there are many other areas to also consider. Some of these include: - Will I migrate my prior history for the employees? For example: Do you move your payroll results, employee history, finance postings, year to date results into the new system? - How do I best perform Parallel runs? - Do I migrate my existing ABAP reports and other functionality into the new system? - For any reports being migrated, how will I modify and maintain these into the future? - Can all of my reports (Either custom reports or standard SAP reports) be executed from Employee Central, or by the Managers themselves - How will I cater for my Adhoc Requests that come up. Often we see customers go from 20-30 go live reports to hundreds in a period of 12 months. If you have adhoc requests, you want to know how you will cater for these - Will all your custom reports and manual reports be able to fit into the Payroll Control Center process - If I need additional Payroll Control Center checks – How can I add these? Darren SouterSpinifexIT Founder & Global Architect Get this FREE ECP Implementation checklist to guide you in your planning and thought process! Download your checklist here. If you need help assessing these questions further, feel free to talk to us, or even comment down below. We can schedule a quick discussion or even refer you to some of our customers who have used our solutions for their own implementations. Ready to move to Employee Central Payroll? The Easy Migration solution will help you de-risk and accelerate your migration to ECP with an integrated toolset that allows full configuration and data migration copies from On-Premise to ECP, reports to validate full payroll results, runs repeated payroll tests, and identifies data and configuration inconsistencies between source and target systems for corrections. Our Easy Migration solution helps you complete your ECP migration process 90% faster than traditional implementation times. It can help you: - dentify and migrate your current payroll configuration to Employee Central Payroll. - Copy current employee data and results into the new system, and - Run reconciliation reports fast using built-in reports, powered by our SAP-Certified reporting solution Our Easy Migration solution is also 100% integrated with other SpinifexIT solutions so it is an easy step to transition to our other products if you have the need. What if I have already implemented ECP or plan to remain on-premise for the moment? If you have already moved to Employee Central Payroll, or are happy to just stay with your on-premise solution for the moment, this doesn’t mean that you cannot look to areas to improve. About 90% or more of the customers who we speak to, already have Employee Central Payroll or SAP Payroll installed and running, and are looking to improve some of their day to day manual processes. In this case, the SpinifexIT solutions can just be installed into your existing system. The way that most customers then start to use the solutions is as follows: - Train on how to use the solutions – This is about 3-5 days training upfront - Identify the time-consuming processes that your team is doing, and then replace these with any of our 120 pre-delivered reports. You can also build custom reports to support your HR and Payroll information requirements. This immediately removes a lot of manual steps and starts to free up your team. Here is the YouTube case study. - New, ad hoc requests can be delivered through Easy Reporter. Reports can be scheduled and emailed out directly to the required person so it completely removes the need for manual processing. - If your payroll has Year End processes for Australia, USA or Canada, start to use our predefined Year End solutions. - From here, you can continue to replace your existing manual processes with the automated Easy Reporter steps. Over a quick period, you will be able to automate the extraction, generation and sending of your reports. Instead of spending a lot of time and effort manually building the perfect set of reports, your team can then focus on delivering a high quality service to your customers. Employee Central Payroll is a powerful solution, but like most software solutions, will have areas that can be further streamlined. Whether this is during the implementation, streamlining payroll processes, report building or reconciliation steps, there are always many ways to further take advantage of your ECP solution. If you decide to walk the SpinifexIT path, you will find that we are not just a software solution that is dropped into your system and rarely used. Our team of expert consultants will work directly with your team right through the implementation and into go live to ensure you use the best practice methods from the start and build long lasting processes, based on the best practices we have seen at hundreds of other customers. The reporting and Payroll Control Center solution (discussed in Part 1) is just part of the SpinifexIT solution set, but if you are moving to Employee Central Payroll, this is a key building block for your journey. Along the way, you may have a need for our other solutions, and the good thing is that most of our solutions leverage off of Easy Reporter, so you are starting with the best of breed solution. SpinifexIT solutions can be installed in a matter of hours into your system, but if you are using any of our partner’s hosted Employee Central Payroll or SAP Payroll Solutions, then our solutions are already available in their environments. Make sure to ask them about us! Once again, here’s your simplified implementation checklist, so you can talk about your plans with your implementation partner. As always, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected] for any questions. On a side note, we hope you’re doing well, and that you and your loved ones are healthy, safe and well despite what the world is going through. We’re all in this together, and SpinifexIT will always be here to support you if you need help with our solutions.
Trump's hopes fade in Wisconsin as 'greatest economy' boast unravels Photo: Brendan Smialowski / AFP / Getty Images Gross, cruel, chaotic. Donald Trump was called many things. Even some of his followers had a hard time grasping the darker aspects of his personality. Until recently, however, they trusted the president on one important issue: the economy. But with only 16 days to go before the election, there are clear signs that Trump's claims of "creating the biggest economy we have ever had in our country's history" are fading. Related: "He pays attention to people like us": Trump's message finds fans in Wisconsin Perhaps nowhere is Trump more worrying than in Wisconsin. Losing Wisconsin ended Hilary Clinton's presidency in 2016. As we know, she failed to prevail, suspecting a victory that came from Trump's promises to end unfair trade practices that had harmed the state dairy industry and job restoration in manufacturing was withdrawn. By February, Trump could have confidently boasted that he had kept his promises. Unemployment had fallen to record lows in the state, production was returning - albeit at the same snail's pace as under Obama. The headlines looked good. Then came the coronavirus - a disease that has now ravaged the state and has subsequently exposed the fault lines under those headlines. The virus and economy now appear to have turned into a terrible hybrid, and the fragile recovery from the initial spike in infections is now threatened by new spikes in infections. Last week, Wisconsin reported 3,747 cases in one day, the highest level since the outbreak and more than the California daily average, a state of six times 5.8 million in Wisconsin. “The economy is always big. It's only been this year that it's so closely linked to the pandemic that it's difficult to separate, "said Mark Graul, a Republican strategist who led George W. Bush's 2004 re-election race in Wisconsin. If the pandemic had never happened and the economy was buzzing, "that's all President Trump would talk about" - but now just someone is talking about the virus and what it is doing to the economy. A recent CNN poll found that Trump and his rival, former Vice President Joe Biden, were who would do better with the economy at 49% per person among registered voters. Back in May, 54% of registered voters said Trump would handle the economy better, compared with 42% for Biden. Graul expects a close race. Trump beat Clinton in Wisconsin by just 0.77% in 2016. In the polls, Biden is currently well 6.5% ahead of the state, but in a year when nothing else can happen until November 3. In this volatile environment, progressives have won voters and pondered the fragility of the economy that Trump had hoped would re-elect him. Earlier this month, advocacy group Opportunity Wisconsin hosted a town hall with Wisconsinites from that state talking about how they view Trump's economy. It wasn't a pretty picture. For an hour, Democratic Senator Tammy Baldwin held a discussion with dairy farmers and cheese makers about friends and neighbors who had already ceased business before the pandemic began. University of Wisconsin history professor Selika Ducksworth-Lawton spoke insistently about how the virus has devastated color communities in the state. “For marginalized communities, this has been terrible. There have been some people who have almost called it ethnic cleansing, "she said. "We have failed in the most basic requirements of a nation-state." Related: "Don't Take Black Voters For granted": Milwaukee Leaders and Activists Warn Democrats But perhaps the clearest example of the problems that preceded and sadly highlighted the pandemic was Kyra Swenson, an early childhood educator from Madison. "I'm a teacher, I'm not a business owner. I don't have a lot of wealth. Me and my husband are just trying to make life vibrate for us and our two children," said Swenson. Even before the pandemic, she said she felt she was getting very little help. Early childhood educators in Wisconsin make about $ 10 an hour and receive no benefits. "We don't get a retirement account. We don't care what Wall Street is doing. We don't invest in it. We try to pay our rent, to pay for food." A third of Wisconsin's early childhood educators receive federal aid "because it is so difficult for us to do it." Trump's biggest political achievement - a $ 1.5 billion tax cut billed as a "middle class miracle" - actually increased her family's taxes, she said. "It didn't help us. That's the reality." And the Trump administration's response to the pandemic has been "terrifying," she said. She believes it's no coincidence that rates in Wisconsin have risen since children and students went back to school - a move that came after Trump said children couldn't spread the coronavirus, an opinion widely debunked has been. "It didn't have to be that bad," she said. Opportunity Wisconsin, backed by the progressive advocacy group Hub Project, has achieved remarkable success in turning people's minds about Trump's economic success through targeted messaging. But there were major obstacles to overcome, and not just because it is notoriously difficult to change opinions. Republicans have been remarkably successful in their economic news, not least in Wisconsin. Since Ronald Reagan, the Republican Party has promoted the idea that there is a simple formula for economic success: lower taxes, less regulation, and a smaller government. That message, repeated over and over again for 40 years, helped Wisconsin move from a bastion of progressive politics to an anti-union right-wing economic experimentation laboratory, led by former governor Scott Walker and former House Speaker Paul Ryan and was supported by the Koch brothers. Trump laid the foundation stone for a new Foxconn factory in June 2018 with the then Governor Scott Walker and the Chairman of Foxconn, Terry Gou. Photo: Evan Vucci / AP That right shift derailed in 2018 with the fall of Walker and the appointment of Democrat Tony Evers after a coordinated effort by progressives to depose the Republican star. Opportunity Wisconsin began with a poll of 27,000 voters who identified the group as Wisconsinites who agreed with conservative economic ideas - but had doubts about the direction the economy was going and who were left behind. With the study, the group targeted 500,000 people who were split into two groups. You received targeted messages that focused on key economic metrics, profiling stories from real Wisconsinites struggling, people who had lost jobs under Trump, farms and livelihoods. All the messages that underscored the problems that had hurt people in the state before the pandemic. A control group that received no messages was used to measure how successful the effort had been. A follow-up poll found that among the voters who received the targeted messages: Beliefs that Trump's policies helped Wisconsin fell 8.3%. Trump's tax bill approval for 2017 fell 5.2%. Belief that Trump's economy works for everyone fell 3.6%. Trump's approval of the economy fell 2.3%. Those are remarkable numbers in any social experiment, and especially in a state where Trump won by such a small margin. Dana Bye, campaign leader for the Hub project, believes changing focus has helped change people's minds. "Nationally and in Wisconsin, people look at the stock market and the employment numbers and think this is the economy. But often, their personal experiences are not reflected in those macro characters," she said. Related: US passes 8 million coronavirus cases as death toll nears 220,000 Adjusted for inflation, Wisconsin wages rose only 73 ¢ in 40 years, Bye said. "That's not a statistic you hear often. Instead, we hear about GDP or the stock market." "The big challenge in discussing the economy is that people don't look past those big macro numbers. The pandemic has crystallized the idea that there is an economy for the rich and one for the workers." If enough people get that message, Trump's greatest strength in Wisconsin could be his greatest weakness. Click to receive the most important news as a notification! We unbox the iPhone 12, 12 Pro and a bunch of MagSafe goodies Texas doesn't need to tell mail-in voters their ballot was rejected until after the election, appellate court rules Judge shuts down “arbitrary and capricious” Trump plan to cut food aid for up to 700K amid pandemic Trump Calls on AG Barr to ‘Act Fast’ to Address Biden’s ‘Tremendous Corruption’ Princess Diana Said Her Marriage Was 'Hell' and Prince William Should Be King Instead of Charles A Lip Reader Figured Out What William Said to Kate at the Sussexes' Final Royal Engagement
Wednesday, 23 May 2018 Just some snaps from the week gone by, despite the rain some amazing sunshine for some lucky tourists….. t Wednesday, 02 May 2018 Executive continues to receive Awards and Accolades The Luxury Travel Guide Awards – Aviation Company of the Year 2018 Republic of Ireland International Transport News Air Transport Awards 2018 – Best Private Helicopter Charter Company Republic of Ireland EU Business News, Irish Enterprise Awards 2018 – Best High-End Helicopter charter Company 2018 & Recognised leader Monday, 07 November 2016 When bride to be Lynne Cahill of Rectory Heights, Enniscorthy, Co.Wexford was told by doctors at St.Vincent’s hospital, Dublin, that her mother Catherine would be unable to attend her wedding at St. Senan’s church Enniscorthy yesterday afternoon, she seriously considered postponing her happy day to a later date in the hope her mother might have Monday, 02 November 2015 Executive are delighted to have been nominated as finalists in the Aviation Industry Awards. Ceremony on this month! Fingers crossed!!! Sunday, 02 November 2014 Executive Helicopters are a finalist for the Aviation Industry Awards 2014 sponsored by the IAA. Executive has also just found out that Secrets of the Irish Landscapes which it worked on won Gold at the prestigious “The New York Festival Awards”. Thursday, 13 February 2014 Notification that Executive Helicopters will be out patrolling the damage in the coming days to assist in the repair work Expect to see our helicopters out and about on emergency patrols for the ESB as they work through the damage caused by the storm leaving houses without power.
An extended cold front has moved through the Winnebago land area, bringing cooler temperatures, rain and some wind into the general area. This was a huge departure from the previous record setting heat seen during the month of July. Lake Winnebago has seen a huge reduction in the top water algae, along with a serious and drastic water temperature change. Water temps have plummeted to around 70 degrees, falling from peaks of 91 degrees several weeks ago. Water clarity is variable around the lake, but generally allows visibility to about 12 Inches (very stained). Another large fly hatch occurred over large stretches of the lake this past week. Fishermen have suffered through the weather changes. Many of the sport species of fish are in negative feeding moods, making for many frustrated anglers during the extended cold front. However, there are days of solid activity, especially with perch. The perch bite continues to be best on the southern third of the lake. Large groups of anglers can be found on the east shore from Pipe down to Fond du Lac. To a lesser extent the same can be said for the west shore starting a t Kalibus Reef , following the weed lines down to Fond du Lac. In Fond du Lac, there have been solid schools of perch working along the front of Lakeside Park, working all the way out to the Third Reef. This is one of the better bites on the lake currently. Fisherman’s Road launch is parked shut nearly daily, as schools of perch can be found throughout this general area. The number of fish being reported has been declining in the area, partially due to the heavy pressure by fishermen. It is not unusual to find packs of boats in the 20-40 boat range in a tight area. The walleye bite has been shut down. It is the “dog days of August” so that is not unexpected. Earlier this week an active school of mid-sized eyes were present just south of Columbia Park. These fish were concentrated in 10-13 feet of water, and liked the wobble of the Salmo Hornets behind Off Shore Planner Boards. By Sunday, these fish had disappeared or had lock jaw. We trolled this area and found large schools of fish on the graph that were unwilling to consume any presentation. Reduced water clarity may be a contributing factor also. Unfortunately, walleyes have ample food source currently. The large fly hatch provides food 24/7. The young of the year are now ready for consumption, and a mainstay of the walleye’s diet. These walleyes have food available constantly, so there is no need to chase a meal. Reaction strikes are your best bet right now. White Bass continue to be active in the deeper water. Try trolling crank baits at 2.2 to 3.0 mph to target these fish in the upper levels of the water column. Black Bass (Small and Large) were very scarce for us this week as we made several attempts to attract these fish. The same was true for Northern Pike. And there are the sheepheads…..and more sheepheads…and more sheepheads….and more sheepheads. I wish I had more to report, but that is the reality of Lake Winnebago right now. River Haus is in the process of adding a new parking lot to the property, which will give some added parking to the sport shop in Fond du Lac. Don has brought in some specialty “perch worms” for the perch jerkers. Be sure to stop by on Brooke Street to check out a great selection of live and artificial baits. Get on the water soon. It will be hunting season in less than a month, so better stock up that freezer full of filets for the Fall fish fries. firstname.lastname@example.org is my email. Have a great week!
I have a concern regarding the Code Review site: It seems to me that when a question is posted for code review that there really can be multiple correct answers. In fact, the FAQ states: You should only ask practical, answerable questions based on actual problems that you face. Chatty, open-ended questions diminish the usefulness of our site and push other questions off the front page. But as I read through many of the questions, it seems that many of them are "un-answerable". So my concern here is how useful it is. Perhaps a different format for accepting the correct answers would help, such as allowing the user to pick the top 3 useful suggestions. Or am I missing some key information here?
The eleventh round of 2020 Monster Energy Supercross is underway in Salt Lake City, Utah. It was thought that the track for SLC 1 would be a little easier than normal, seeing as everyone has just endured a three-month break. That certainly seems to be the case following the practice sessions. How does the layout actually look inside of Rice Eccles Stadium? Adam Cianciarulo’s GoPro footage from qualifying is below. Cianciarulo ended up as the third-fastest qualifier. Video: Monster Energy Supercross | Lead Image: Feld Entertainment
Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 To gain insight into the neurophysiological mechanisms involved in Zen meditation, we evaluated the effects of focused attention (FA) on breathing movements in the lower abdomen (Tanden) in novices. We investigated hemodynamic changes in the prefrontal cortex (PFC), an attention-related brain region, using 24-channel near-infrared spectroscopy during a 20-minute session of FA on Tanden breathing in 15 healthy volunteers. We found that the level of oxygenated hemoglobin in the anterior PFC was significantly increased during FA on Tanden breathing, accompanied by a reduction in feelings of negative mood compared to before the meditation session. Electroencephalography (EEG) revealed increased alpha band activity and decreased theta band activity during and after FA on Tanden breathing. EEG changes were correlated with a significant increase in whole blood serotonin (5-HT) levels. These results suggest that activation of the anterior PFC and 5-HT system may be responsible for the improvement of negative mood and EEG signal changes observed during FA on Tanden breathing.
Every day there are new technologies, the game industry also does not stand at one place. Gaming machines for movies have been and remain very popular. They give an opportunity not only to plunge into the atmosphere of your favorite movie, but also to play with your favorite character. Now everyone has the opportunity to go to the Middle Ages with Dracula, find all the criminals together with the Superman or go in search of pets along with Ace Ventura. The last character will be discussed in the video slot review Ace Ventura. Gameplay and Prizes Probably, every player remembers this film in the title role with Jim Kerry. The film was released in 1993, and immediately gained success and popularity. In the film, all the components of success were combined: cute animals, charismatic protagonist, humor, interesting plot, opposition of good and evil. The design is very simple and concise. On a monophonic background, 5 reels were placed. Despite this, the slot looks very bright: blue background, pink inserts on the sides. On the screen though there are images of the main character, but they are not realistic and resemble pictures from comics. Of course, as the characters were chosen images of the detective and various scenes from the film. Once the image of Ace Ventura forms a prize chain, the user will see several frames from the movie. Complement the overall view of the machine soundtrack. It’s a light and cheerful music, through which sometimes the sounds of animals are heard. In general, the slot machine Ace Ventura conveyed the atmosphere of the film, and all fans of this picture will certainly appreciate it! Before starting the game, the user only has to choose the bet amount, since there are no active lines on the slot. On five sheep there are 243 prize combinations. On the control panel, the player finds all the necessary keys. The info button opens the paytable and rules of the game, spin – starts a one-time rotation of the reels, coin value – changes the denomination of coins, auto spins – activates the automatic rotation of the reels. Turbo mode reduces the rotation time of the reels. Features and Bonuses In addition to the usual symbols, there are special pictures in the game with advanced features. A wild symbol is the image of Ace Ventura showing the identification. By removing the missing signs, it gives the player the opportunity to get even more payouts! The bonus symbol is a rhinoceros with the inscription bonus. Everyone remembers the famous shot, when the detective was inside the rhino and tried to get out? As soon as three such images have stopped on the reels, free slot rotations are launched. A separate category of characters is the image of animals in search. During any of the rotations, additional functions can be activated. In total, there are 3 video slots. The first one is called “Friends from the Jungle”. The second function is “The Secret Walk”. The detective will sneak along the drums, leaving behind wild symbols. The third option is «Loser». Appearing on the screen, Ace Ventura can restart any unsuccessful combination and increase its multiplier.
The sophomore holds offers from three Big East Conference schools such as Georgetown, Seton Hall, and St. John’s, plus TCU, Maryland, Auburn, and Rutgers, per Verbal Commits. Cuffe Jr. dropped in 113 points and grabbed nine boards in eight tilts played for the Blair Academy Bucs this past season. Former McDonald's All-American is Posting Impressive Stats for Bruins Hoops. Brown helps UCLA rout Purdue Fort Wayne, 96-71, in season-opener. Stanner Hoops Standout Ends Recruitment.
A flurry of high profile acquisitions – including Facebook’s acquisition of WhatsApp, Yahoo’s acquisition of Flurry and Twitter’s acquisition of TapCommerce – set the pace of change in the mobile market this year. All the signs indicate 2014 was a sellers’ market. Indications are that investment remains high on the agenda for businesses and funders but what is the outlook for 2015: • What technologies are businesses investing in and why? • Where in the mobile landscape is M&A and investment activity hottest and why? • What are investors looking for? • What will define the winners and losers? The evening will be chaired by OC partner Simon Rendell and Chris Burke, ex CTO of Vodafone and ex CEO of RIM.
Fill the form on the right to contact us. Don't hesitate to give plenty of details about your event for us to be able to help you the best we can. L42 Business Center & Workspaces Rue de la Loi/Wetstraat 42 +32 2 842 42 42
Uniquely hand crafted with selective upcycled materials from our Refinity Community program. Each piece will be a surprise. About the collection As sustainability is our core value, Leinné creates a sustainable and fashionable Refinity by Leinné line includes recyling creations what we call Everyday cool objects, which are made from old clothing items from our customers donation: a headband, lunch bag, coffee cup carrier and endless possibility. Join Refinity Community where you can contribute by donating your old clothes and enjoy the shopping leisure with a voucher reward for your contribution. In Vietnam, we have express shipping for common products which takes 1-2 days and is free. In other countries, you will receive the common products within 3-7 working days. In all countries, it normally takes 15-20 days for pre-order items or more if the items you order have specific custom details. In case your order has both common products and pre-order products, the goods will be delivered after we complete the preparation of all products. If you want to receive common products earlier, please place a separate order for the common products. Delivery time may change depending on the shipping term of each product, and may be longer at the area where promotion programs are taking place. The following products cannot be returned and exchanged: Custom-made products, Initials products, Couture series, sale off products.
Accumulate chances to win back 6 months* of Card bills & S$1,000* monthly cash credit prizes in our CIMB Pays My Card Bills Lucky Draw! CIMB FastSaver Account An online savings account with no multiple conditions no credit card spend, salary crediting, monthly fees or investment purchases! CIMB Visa Signature Enjoy 10%1 cashback on Online Shopping, Groceries, Beauty & Wellness, Pet Shops & Veterinary Services and Cruises! Convert your credit card’s available credit limit into a 1-5 year personal instalment loan, at the lowest rate in SG from 3.50%* p.a. (EIR 6.6%). NTUC Income Gro Secure Saver A savings plan that allows you the flexibility to choose from a range of policy terms and premium terms depending on your financial needs. TM Nest Egg (GIO Cashback) This is a flexible savings plan that provides guaranteed cash benefits from the 2nd policy anniversary, until one year before the policy matures. Terms & Conditions Importants Notes & Disclaimer
Located in what was the Old Market House in Callan, County Kilkenny, Café L’Arche serves home cooked food prepared from locally sourced ingredients, in a friendly, warm and inviting environment. Specialties include healthy lunches, delicious homemade desserts and great coffee. Cafe L'Arche is part of the L'Arche Kilkenny Community which provides a home and meaningful work for all its members many of whom have an intellectual disability. The cafe is a special project where core members interact with the local community in a friendly welcoming space with healthy tasty food and quality coffee. Specialties in serving breakfast, lunch and coffee. A member for the TASTE of Kilkenny Food Trail.
Tired of making the same old boring cookies & cupcakes over and over again? Bake delicious & pretty cookies! Personalize them with these creative ALPHABET COOKIE STAMP! Impress everyone by adding this extra flare! STAMP EVERYTHING YOU BAKE! Use this cookie stamper on everything! From cookies to fondant cakes, and marzipans to cupcakes! INCLUDES 72 STAMP PIECES! This cookie stamping set includes 72 pieces of alphabet, numbers & symbols!Spell out everything that your heart desires! From names to messages & even wishes! MADE OF DURABLE & FOOD-GRADE MATERIAL! Doesn't break easily, perfect for kids! Made of non-toxic food-grade materials!100% safe for use with food! GREAT KIDS' ACTIVITY! Invite kids to join in! Have fun and combine spelling & baking! Bake delicious & pretty cookies NOW with the ALPHABET COOKIE STAMP! Material/s: Food-Grade ABS Materials Size: Approx. 12.5cm x 8cm x 1cm Package Inclusion/s: Choose Your Bundle... - Buy 1 Set Only - Get 1 set Alphabet Cookie Stamp includes 72 stamps pieces and 1 tile holder - Buy 2 Sets - 2 sets
Navigating Copyright for Reproduced Images: Part 2. Determining Whether Permission Is Needed The second step in navigating copyright for reproduced images is understanding whether you need permission from the image’s copyright holder before you are legally allowed to reproduce the image in your paper. This applies even if you are writing a paper for a classroom assignment and not for publication. When Is Permission Required? Permission is only sometimes required to reproduce an image. - Permission is required to reproduce a copyrighted image unless it meets one of the criteria described below in Parts A, B, C, or D of this post. - Permission is not required to reproduce an image that has a creative commons license or is in the public domain. If that’s your case, proceed to Part 4 of this series. A. Academic Sources Many scientific, technical, and medical publishers will allow you to reproduce images (here meaning tables or figures) without obtaining permission provided that - the purpose of the use is scholarly comment, noncommercial research, or educational use and - full credit is given to the author and publisher as copyright holder. For example, APA allows you to reproduce without obtaining permission - up to three tables or figures from a journal article or book chapter or - a maximum of five tables or figures from a whole book. Note that all publishers have their own policies, so you should check with the publisher of your material to determine whether permission is necessary. For materials published by APA, visit the APA Permissions Office. B. Commercial Stock Photography To reproduce a stock photo you will most likely have to buy a license from its stock photography website (e.g., ShutterStock, iStock, Getty Images, Corbis). Consult the terms of the image to know what steps to take. - If you do own the license to a stock photograph, you can use the image in the paper without any attribution or credit line. - If you do not own the license to a stock photograph, you cannot reproduce the image. Note that you might come across a stock photo “in the wild”—for example, as part of a newspaper or magazine article (the images on this blog fall into this category too). That means that the publisher has bought a license for the stock photograph. If you want to use the photograph in your paper too, you need to go buy your own license for the photo. C. Clip Art Most clip art does not require permission to reproduce, but it may require a credit line. Check the terms of the clip art website to determine what to do. - If the clip art comes from a program like Microsoft Word, then by buying the program you have bought a license to that clip art and can use it in an academic paper without any attribution or credit line. - If the clip art comes from a free clip art website (e.g., Openclipart) and it has a creative commons license or is in public domain, permission is not necessary but you should give a copyright statement for the image (see Part 4 of this series). D. Fair Use for Other Copyrighted Sources You may also be able to avoid seeking permission to reproduce a copyrighted image if your use is considered “fair.” Fair use is a loosely defined and complicated legal concept (here is a summary from the U.S. Copyright Office), but in practice it means that under certain circumstances you can reproduce or adapt a copyrighted image without obtaining permission so long as you credit the source (see Part 4 of this series). In the context of reproducing an image, your use is probably fair if it meets the following criteria: - It is for use in an academic work and not for profit (such as a paper for a class or publication in an academic journal). - It represents facts or data (such as a chart or diagram) rather than creative self-expression (such as artwork, although some famous works of art are in the public domain and thus do not require permission). - It is small in relation to the whole work (such as a chart within a report) and not the whole thing or the “heart” of the work (such as an individual photograph or a whole cartoon). - Reproducing the image will not hurt the market or potential market for the original. If you fail to meet the above criteria for fair use or if you are unsure as to whether you meet the criteria, exercise caution and seek permission to reproduce the image. For more help in determining fair use, check out this Fair Use Checklist from Columbia University. If the copyright status of the image is unclear, assume that it is copyrighted. Contact the publisher of the image for more information if needed. If the origin of the image cannot be determined (e.g., it appears in many places on the internet without attribution and it is impossible to say where exactly it originated), we recommend that you choose an alternative image for your paper. Be particularly careful of stock photographs, which legally can be reproduced without attribution, but only by a license holder.
This is the product page for: Black Stud Shoulder Jumper Image carousel, press Enter to cycle through the images, press the Z key to zoom in and out of an image. Once zoomed in, use WASD keys to pan around image. Model wears size 10 and is 5'8 Update your knitwear collection with this chic black jumper. A classic neckline and stud detailing give this staple black knit an extra touch of style. Your shopping bag is empty. Content is loading, please wait.
Risk management relies on statistical metrics that converge on common standards. These metrics can change drastically alongside market conditions. A risk management shock is a large unanticipated market-wide change in statistical risk estimates. These shocks give rise to coerced or even distressed flows, typically subsequent to an initial large move in market prices. Risk management shocks and related flows can team up with other dynamics in the financial system to form feedback loops. Such reinforcing dynamics include dynamic hedging, market price-driven credit downgrades, popular fear of crisis, investment fund redemptions, and forced deleveraging. Feedback loops can trigger large and persistent price distortions and offer special trading opportunities. The below is the third instalment of this site’s updated summary of key forces behind market price distortions, i.e. deviations of quoted prices from a level that would clear the market if all participants were trading for conventional risk-return optimization. Previous posts explained price distortions that arise from liquidity conditions and rebalancing rules. Risk management shocks The risk management rules of most institutional investors follow commonly accepted standards. Alas, similar rules often coerce similar flows. And one-sided flows in markets with limited liquidity can push prices far from fundamental values. In this way, conventional risk management rules can be a cause of distortions and even set in motion self-reinforcing feedback loops. Prominent risk metrics are value-at-risk (VaR), a statistical measure of expected maximum loss at a specific horizon within a specific range of probability, and expected shortfall, a measure of expected drawdown in a distress case. These statistical assessments of risk rely on historical variances and covariances, and can be subject to sudden major revisions. - The calculation of risk metrics depends on the lookback window, i.e. the history of the price return experiences used for its calculation and the weighting of recent versus distant observations. Lookback windows that rely on multi-year experience adapt poorly to a changing risk environment. Therefore, many risk metrics are short, with a half-time of lookbacks of no more than 11 days. This makes them susceptible to drastic reassessments based on market volatility alone. Such “statistical” reassessment would occur without any consideration of the underlying causes of changes in volatility. - Even with many years of data history, risk estimates are still vulnerable to event shocks. Small variations in assumptions can cause large changes in forecasts. Some research claims that it would take half a century of daily price data for VaR and expected shortfall models to reach their theoretical asymptotic properties. Intuitively, even long historical samples have only limited data on actual crises and hence are subject to revision with each new crisis experiences (view post here). - Risk models are prone to compounding uncertainty when they matter most: in financial crises. Research shows that different types of statistical risk models tend to diverge during market turmoil and hence become themselves a source of fears and confusion (view post here). Acceptable performance and convergence of risk models in normal times can lull the financial system into a false sense of reliability Reliance on statistical metrics can give rise to so-called ‘VaR shocks’: If estimated risk metrics surge, VaR-sensitive institutions recalibrate the risk of their existing positions and subsequently reduce their positions (view post here). For example, if an institution has a fixed “statistical” risk budget a doubling of the estimated value-at-risk or expected shortfall requires it to liquidate half of its nominal positions. Importantly, this type of selling pressure typically arises after the initial price decline. Analogously, many trading desks or asset management companies set “drawdown limits” for their managers. These are loss thresholds for a portfolio’s net asset value beyond which traders must liquidate part of all of their positions. Managers are typically under obligation to cut risk regardless of asset value and return prospects. Hence, once the common drawdown limits are broken additional flows ensue in the same direction of the original loss, accentuating price movements for no fundamental reason. Initial shocks to risk metrics and related flows can team up with other forces to form feedback loops: - Dynamic hedging: Many institutions run explicit or implicit “short volatility” positions. Indeed, such short-volatility strategies seem to have expanded strongly in the wake of declining fixed-income yields. They pay steady positive risk premia in normal times, just like a fixed income asset, but at the peril occasional outsized losses. Dynamic hedging refers to sales and purchases of underlying assets in order to contain the risk related to volatility. This gives rise to feedback loops in two ways. - From a macro perspective, there is reinforcement between volatility and the scale of short-volatility strategies (view post here). In particular, there is a plausible feedback loop between low interest rates, debt expansion, (low) asset volatility, and financial engineering that allocates risk based on that volatility. - From a micro or trading perspective, dynamic hedging is common practice for option books but is applied widely in other markets, including credit, rates and leveraged risk parity. For example, U.S. financial institutions have historically been “short volatility” with respect to long-term interest rates because of homeowners’ option to repay mortgages early (view post here). In times of declining yields delta and probability of execution of this implied option is increasing, forcing institutions to hedge by further extending duration exposure. The probability of severe “convexity events” has been reduced since the Federal Reserve has bought a sizable share of mortgage-backed securities from the market (view post here), but not eliminated. - Credit risk: Risk management can also form feedback loops with credit risk, particularly country risk and counterparty risk. A good illustration for this is the Credit Default Swaps (CDS) market. CDS are assumed to represent a measure of default risk. In practice, this (less liquid) market can gap in large moves, simply as a consequence of one-sided institutional order flows, which themselves could be motivated by risk management or regulatory considerations (view post here). As CDS spreads themselves are used as a measure of credit risk, institutional flows and spreads can reinforce each other to form escalatory dynamics. - Public fear: Financial market turbulences typically focus popular attention on crisis risk. Bouts of fear of extreme events, such as economic depressions or war, are more frequent than the actual occurrence of disasters (view post here). In normal or good times, people tend to pay little attention to extremes. As economic or political conditions deteriorate, people begin to contemplate the possibility and consequences of disasters. Such enhanced awareness plausibly changes subjective expectations and price of risk. This is called “salience theory”(view post here). If public fear of crisis is rising, financial risk managers experience pressure from investors, shareholders and even governments to position more defensively. - Redemptions: Significant declines in the net asset values of investment vehicles usually give rise to redemptions, often from investors that cannot afford or bear watching wealth dwindling beyond certain thresholds. This is supported theoretically and empirically for equity, bond and credit markets (view post here). In many cases, funds provide daily liquidity and costs of redemptions are effectively borne by investors that do not redeem or redeem late. This creates incentives for fire sales and causes price distortions (view post here). Indeed, the pro-cyclicality of redemptions is consistent with survey evidence of pro-cyclicality of equity return expectations of investors (view post here). - Forced deleveraging: Risk-reduction in banks and other financial intermediaries does not only constrain their own asset holdings but, indirectly, those of other market participants, particularly leveraged investors such as hedge funds. This creates both relative price distortions and high directional risk premia. Most obviously, limitations of arbitrage capital give rise to price differentials between contracts with similar risk profiles (view post here). Also, empirical analyses have found that the leverage provided by Broker-Dealers, i.e. their funding of others, is an important explanatory variable for the risk premium paid on equity and credit exposure (view post here). When credit supply is ample, risk premia and future excess returns are low. When credit supply is scarce, risk premia and future excess returns are high.
June 24, 2015 Stockholm, Sweden, June 24, 2015: Atlas Copco, a leading provider of sustainable productivity solutions, will publish its Q2 results on Thursday July 16 at approximately 11:00 AM CEST. A combined presentation and conference call for investors, analysts and media will be held at 2:00 PM CEST. The presentation will be held at Atlas Copco Group Center, Sickla Industriväg 19, Stockholm, Sweden. Participating from Atlas Copco will be Ronnie Leten, President and CEO, and Hans Ola Meyer, CFO. The presentation will begin with a short presentation of the report followed by a question and answer session. The presentation will be broadcasted live on the Internet. Please see our website www.atlascopco.com/ir for link and presentation material. If you wish to participate at the presentation at Atlas Copco Group Center, please register by sending us an e-mail by July 14 to email@example.com. Further, please make sure that you arrive no later than 1:45 PM. Dial-in numbers for the conference call Sweden: +46 8 566 426 61 UK: +44 20 342 814 09 US: +1 855 831 59 45 You need not to register to participate in the conference call. The webcast and the recorded audio presentation will be available on our website following the call. We look forward to your participation. Vice President Investor Relations For more information please contact:
- Indoor Signs - Outdoor Signs - Trade Show Displays - Vehicle Wraps and Graphics - Send A File Parking signs are signs that help organize a parking lot by imparting important parking information. Whether you manage a retail store in Malone, NY, a restaurant in Malone, a residential building, or any other type of business or organization in the North Country, if you have a parking lot, you need parking signs. If you have a chain-link fence around your parking lot, then you have an excellent space to install your parking signs. Fence signs make for very effective parking signs. Sometimes standalone parking signs are needed. These are often drilled into the pavement or installed into concrete blocks to weight them. Regardless, the most common material for a parking sign is aluminum because its inexpensive. But yard signs, wall graphics, and sidewalk signs can all be used as parking signs, too. At Plattsburgh Creative Signs, we know how to make parking signs that serve their function. Need utilitarian aluminum parking signs for your Malone dental office? We can make those. Want a more impressive business sign that brands your parking lot as belonging to your Malone restaurant? We can make that, too. We can design, manufacture, and install the parking signs for your Malone business, we can advise you on what parking signs you might need, and we can ensure all your parking signs are on brand. Please contact us to learn more
Interview with Celia Matthews 3M recently hosted the SPARKS electrical apprentice of the year final in the Customer Innovation Centre in Bracknell. Grace Hinton, industrial placement student for electrical markets division, caught up with Celia Matthews, the Managing Director of SNG Publishing, to discuss how this year’s competition has been. 3M recently hosted the SPARKS electrical apprentice of the year final in the Customer Innovation Centre in Bracknell. I caught up with Celia Matthews, the Managing Director of SNG Publishing, to discuss how this year’s competition has been. GH: Tell me a little about the company, your role and how it has evolved over time. CM: I founded SNG Publishing in 2006, with the aim to support electrical apprentices through college and help prepare them for the real world. I felt there was a real lack of support from the colleges at that time and I wanted to do something to help. I’ve been involved throughout the journey and it’s been very rewarding seeing so many thousands of students benefit from our learning resources and take pride in their career choice. The competitions give them confidence and that’s what it’s all about. They should be proud to be an electrician! GH: Congratulations on the 10th anniversary of the SPARKS Apprentice of the year competition! How has the competition developed over the past 10 years? CM: The first competition was very small, we only had a handful of students compete but now we have almost 80 colleges competing. The competition had been running in England and Wales for 8 years and we then launched the competition in Northern Ireland two years ago and next year we will be in Scotland. It’s very exciting! GH: Because it was the 10th anniversary, there were some added surprises at the final! How do you feel the 2019 competition went? CM: This year’s final has been the most challenging competition for the finalists, with much more involved in the test. They should all be extremely proud to have got this far at such an early part of their careers. It was a real celebration and the lecturers also got involved in some of the fun and games and made animals with the Wago connectors they were given! Sometimes I wonder who the learners are! GH: As an industrial placement student, I have found hosting the final very interesting. It will help me develop my career, whilst being involved in an event that develops the apprentice’s future careers. Why is it important to connect with the next generation of electrical engineers? CM: It’s essential that we, as an industry, support and engagement with the next generation as they start their careers. They are the future of the industry and it’s important that we give them all they need to make sure they start off well. There’s a Proverb that says, ‘Train up a child in the way they should go, and when they are old they will not depart from it.’ I believe that to be true in life. If we start kids off with the right tools and with confidence in their abilities, then they will succeed and be a credit to our industry. GH: I have also found it interesting to see the different route young people take through after school and how that can impact their careers. What advice would you give to school leavers when considering apprenticeships? CM: Personally, I’ve experienced both routes. When I left school, we all went into Higher Education and went to university to get our degrees. That’s just what you did. Then years later, I went into Further Education to gain my plumbing qualifications. I think greater awareness should be given at schools for apprenticeships just as much as the university route, an apprenticeship should be seen as an extremely valued qualification and career choice. GH: There was a special guest at the 2019 final – Chris Randall, SPARKS Apprentice of the year winner in 2011. How do you feel knowing winning the competition still helps him with his career? CM: It’s absolutely fantastic. I have heard similar stories from other winners of the SPARKS competitions so it’s very exciting to see that the rewards for all their hard work are still paying dividends to them. GH: Why is it beneficial for manufacturers in this industry to participate in events like these? CM: It’s in their interest to support the youth of the industry and train them on new technologies. In turn, the students are far more likely to be brand loyal to products that they train on at the beginning of their careers and go on using them. GH: How has 3M’s support helped you to run this competition? CM: 3M’s support has been invaluable to the SPARKS finals. All the work that goes on behind the scenes is incredible and both the electrical lecturers and the contestants hugely benefit from all the hospitality, and from such a renowned name in the industry! It’s a real treat for all of us to come to 3M, not only is the 3M headquarters state-of-the-art but perhaps most importantly, for students to see the Innovation Centre first hand is a massive inspiration for them. The quality of all the different designs and development is second to none and maybe a career path that some of these young engineers might embark on in some way in the future. Massive thanks go to our hosts, Gemma Brown and to Grace Hinton for making the event such a success for all involved.
When Databroker hit double digits, we took the opportunity to reflect on our decade of experience as an agency. In the last decade, we have ridden the waves of this industry - growing and evolving with the tide. We've changed and so have our clients. We want our brand to echo our ethos, to pay homage to our journey as a business, and most importantly, to serve our clients. So, we made it happen. The ego-driven race to be the UK's biggest data provider has long been overshadowed by customers' needs for expert results. Where our competitors fell when it came to accuracy, Databroker strove to bring accountability and transparency to direct marketing and provide a blissfully easy way to gain access to the best marketing datasets in the country. Today, the consumer is savvier and we have grown up. We welcome tighter industry controls and revised marketing laws such as GDPR. We have long been championing the clean-up of direct marketing. Gone are the cowboys and now the reputable, service-driven companies remain. Compliance and modern thinking are at the heart of what our clients want and what we bring to them. Our new branding and website reflect this. We are connecting the modern compliant marketer to their informed audience. After celebrating a decade of growth, we have hit some great milestones. We have over 100 5-star customer reviews of our service. We have been audited by the Direct Marketing Association and commented upon as the most organised, robust and compliant data broker that they have ever seen. We have helped provide millions of records to thousands of companies. Now, our external shell showcases our internal values and aims. We are comfortable being different and are grateful to all the big thinkers who have been part of our odyssey. The future looks bright. Right now, we're only changing the look and feel of Databroker, but we have plenty of ideas in motion. Our evolving, easy-to-use quotation system on the site being an example of things around the corner. We are partnering with some of the biggest names in direct and digital marketing and adding further experience to our already sage team. Keep an eye out for updates on these exciting changes, you will be the first to know. We would love to hear your thoughts on the new branding and user experience. Enjoy and thank you for all the support.
THE 4 ELEMENTS These 4 fairies are very personal to me. I am one of four sisters and we are each born under a different element. We call ourselves The 4 Elements. I had been promising to create a fairy for each of my sisters for a while and I finally decided to just take the time and get them done. Each of the Element fairies is based both on the element and the personality of my sisters. The Earth Fairy is for me - my peaceful place is out in my garden, listening to the birds and I find that my energy is recharged after spending time ether working or relaxing there. The Water Fairy is my sister, Amanda - she loves all things magical and sparkly and all shades of blue. So I created a Merfairy for her. Alongside her is a seal and this represents her beloved dog, Milly, who spends most of her life in the water and is half-seal anyway ! The Fire Fairy is my sister, Jill - she is always on the go - with 3 teenagers, a full-time job and a love for a very tidy house, she is always on the go. This fairy is on a mission and, along with her watering can she carries a glass candle holder - at night, she can light up and, during the day, it can be filled with flowers. The Air Fairy is my baby sister, Jen - I created this fairy for her when she was expecting her first baby and I wanted a special piece to mark such a special time. All the crystals in her wings are clear for Air and also because she didn't know the sex of the baby. Her clothes and hair are flowing to create a feeling of wind. And, in case you are wondering, she had a wonderful boy, called Jackson - and the second is on the way ! Each of these fairies measures about 420mm
The DJI Phantom drone is the unmanned aircraft that catapulted DJI to become the dominant drone manufacturer. Frank Wang who was still a student at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology when he co-founded DJI in 2006. Even now when we are in the later stages of the Phantom 4 lifecycle, the Phantom is still the drone that does it all for a very reasonable price. DJI Phantom drone Brian Santo writes for IEEE Spectrum: “Dozens of companies vied to build the first commercially successful recreational drone; the competition was won by a Chinese engineer barely out of adolescence. DJI’s original Phantom drone was a remarkable piece of engineering, but if the little flier’s engineering and marketing hadn’t reinforced each other, DJI never would have soared to the top of the commercial drone market. The company needed to identify markets, and in doing so it took a brilliant tack: It began to catalog the uses not for drones but for flight in general. The list included cinematography, agriculture, energy-sector inspection, infrastructure and construction, and emergency response. Then DJI developed a marketing plan for each of those applications. GPS would enable the drone to remain stationary when aloft, and GPS was also the basis for a feature that would let the drone return to its original launch site should it lose a signal from the remote control. More than a few drones were lost that way before DJI made the use of GPS standard on hobbyist drones. Priced at $629, the Phantom was DJI’s first fully assembled model and among the first drones designed explicitly for consumers.” You can read the entire article here. STAY IN TOUCH! If you’d like to stay up to date with all the latest drone news, scoops, rumors and reviews, then follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram or sign up for our email newsletter DroneRise, that goes out every weekday morning at 6 am. Buy your next drone through directly from manufacturers, such as DJI, Parrot, Yuneec or retailers like Amazon, B&H, BestBuy or eBay. By using our links, we will make a small commission, but it will not cost you anything extra. Thank you for helping DroneDJ grow!
You Can Now Get Dibs On Pat McGrath Products—On Sale! Here's How! When is the right time to upgrade your beauty kit? We say now is the time. Whether you're looking to refresh your kit or upgrade some tools, the Sephora Beauty Pass Sale couldn't have come at a better time! We're setting our alarm for April 25 (April 24th for Gold Members) because we're about to do some major beauty shopping! As you most probably already know, Sephora is home to cult favorite brands, up-and-coming brands, and classic beauty brands, all available at the click of a finger! We're constantly on the lookout for fresh finds, but sometimes, we have to find out whether some cult favorites like luxury beauty brand Pat McGrath is worth the purchase. We sampled some of their top products, to prove if adding these to cart is something you really must do, come April 25th! Pat McGrath Labs, simply put, is the brainchild of celebrity makeup artist and beauty expert Pat McGrath. Best known as the master behind some of the world's best glossies, fashion and beauty editorials, fashion campaigns, and runway shows in Paris, New York, London, and Milan, Pat has proven time and time again that her expertise for beauty is unparalleled. The beauty brand is just a mere three years old, but the eponymous line has already made its mark in the beauty world, and its way into our dressers. From the iconic Mattetrance lipstick, to the coveted Mothership Eyeshadow Palette, these luxury beauty products are yes, on the pricier side, but truly worth every penny. For beauty fans like myself, I find that spending hard-earned cash on luxury beauty products has its perks, mostly because I know that I am buying quality. For starters, Pat McGrath herself pours her heart and soul into each one of these products, infusing each one with her signature outrageous yet classy (READ: expensive) aesthetic. Rich, luscious lipsticks, highly pigmented shimmer eyeshadows, megawatt highlighters and precise eyeliners—these are just some of the picks you need to try to achieve any one of her imitated-never-duplicated beauty looks. A look back at some of her past works: "This is the golden age of makeup. PAT McGRATH LABS is my Golden Revolution. The entire planet is just as cosmetics obsessed as I’ve always been. Makeup is a movement. Makeup is mesmerizing. Makeup is major. Mantra-esque, three words have repeated over and over in my mind ever since I was young. Obsession. Inspiration. Addiction. Those words became my guiding principles, my manifesto as I brought this brand to life . I wanted to capture, in a quartet of exquisite palettes, 50 legendary lipsticks, a divine dozen eyeliners and five fetish-worthy lip pencils, The Power of Transformation, The Power of Beauty; The Power of Makeup." - Pat McGrath, CEO & Founder of PAT McGRATH LABS (via patmcgrath.com) These products are proudly made in Italy, and are also cruelty-free, meaning none of these amazing products have been tested on our furry friends! What's more—every piece is packed in a stunning case or box, making each one a collector's item of sorts. You truly get an entire beauty experience with each one, making it a must in every beauty lover's kit. Check out my personal picks below: Pat McGrath Luxetrance Lipstick in Tropicalia Basically my go-to shade for the season, a peachy-orange creamy finish that makes my lips appear full, luscious, and oh-so-summery! While it's highly pigmented, you will need to touch up after a meal, or dab on some lip balm if you want that barely there finish. Shop here Pat McGrath Mattetrance Lipstick in Omi This is my first ever Pat McGrath purchase—her signature matte formula that promises intense color minus the stiff, dry, sticky feeling other formulas tend to have. Trivia: I loved this hue so much I had to wear it on my wedding day! Shop here Pat McGrath MTHRSHP Eyeshadow Palette in Sublime Bronze Ambition Your palette of choice if you're not ready to commit to a 10-shade eyeshadow palette just yet. This handy palette features six essential shades you need to create a statement eye anytime, anywhere! My personal fave features warm tones (pictured above). Shop here Pat McGrath Mothership Eyeshadow Palette The holy grail of eyeshadow palettes—Pat McGrath's Mothership palette is the palette of choice for most pro makeup artists, for its ease of use, expertly curated shades, and highly pigmented formula (one swipe is seriously enough to cover your lid). Go for this is you're willing to shell out some extra bucks (it retails for P8,000 but will go on sale at sephora.ph come April 25!) Four different palettes are available, allowing for endless makeup experiments! Shop here Pat McGrath Skin Fetish Highlighter & Balm Duo in Nude The highlighter you need for days when you can't be bothered with a brush. Just swipe on, blend with fingers, and voila—you're done! What's more, it has a balm on the opposite end to help create that dewy look that's nowhere near a sweaty look that no one likes. Shop here Pat McGrath Permagel Ultra Glide Eye Pencil in BLK Coffee I am a self-confessed liquid eyeliner girl, but since having had eyelash extensions done, I have avoided using liquid liner for the simple reason that it would be a nightmare to clean! Not that I need eyeliner with the eyelash extensions I have on, but having tried this formula, I now have a go-to for days when I need extra oomph for my eyes (READ: parties or dinners). It is really, really easy to apply, and equally easy to remove (I use micellar water). Opt for a hue like BLK Coffee if you're not a fan of anything too severe. Shop here And now that I've fully convinced you that these picks are truly worth it, it's time to reveal how you can avail of these items at a limited-time-only SALE! Welcome to Sephora's Beauty Pass Sale, the time where you can shop sitewide at 15% or 20% off, depending on your membership type! Once you create an account with sephora.ph, you automatically become a White Beauty Pass member, and as you keep shopping for beauty goodies, your points accumulate, and your membership level upgrades! White Members get 15% off sitewide with code WHITE15, Black members get 20% off sitewide with code BLACK20, and Gold members get 20% off sitewide with code GOLD20. Not satisfied with just being a White member? Upgrade to Black by accumulating purchases worth P10,500 within 1.5 years, and Gold by spending an accumulated P52,500! Why upgrade? You don't just get perks like birthday points and members-only promotions, you also get amazing insider perks like a welcome gift, birthday gift, private sales, access to exclusive events and launches, and custom makeovers! Log on to sephora.ph now to learn more! Lead photos via sephora.ph; gallery photos via @patmcgrathreal
After a twelve hour flight from London to LA – in what must be said, a horrible aircraft – we were ready to discover some treasures of the Californian lifestyle. At the moment we are located at Camaran Street, Marina del Rey, “where the road ends and the beach begins”. It’s right next to Venice Beach and with a 15 minute walk you can play your heart out at the famous Venice basketball courts. Major thumbs up to Airbnb for hooking us up with this place and it’s superb owner Connor. There’s not a chance in the world that you’ll be able to find a better hotel for this price. So it’s safe to say that we recommend this way of travelling to everyone. First full day in LA … and we were far out some of the most obvious tourisst out there. With a program filled with things like the Kodak Theatre, Hollywood Boulevard, Griffith Observatory and Bel Air we have been going exactly where the guide maps tells us where to go. For some of us the main activity of the day has been searching for celebrities, unsuccessful so far. Although Silke is sometimes convinced she saw troups of celebrities in and out of our their cars. Liesbeth went pretty hardcore into it with resulted in running into a bench while looking for famous people. While the searching went on we also had our best stop of the day – Yogurtland. There’s no way that we can describe the feeling, the taste, the perfection of this snack but we can say that this is one of the things you have to try for yourself before you die. Bucket list item! A great homemade dinner made by Liesbeth and a late basketball session at Venice concluded our first day in Los Angeles. - FWY = Freeway - The button in an airplane located on your arm-rest is NOT an ejector seat - The world famous basketball court in Venice Beach has been broken down – hopefully for restoration only - The Superbowl is NOT held at the Hollywood Bowl – cause yes, people should know that - X Games tickets are not the easiest ones to get your hands on
Have you taken a moment to ponder what Moses must have been feeling emotionally and physically during his encounter with God at the burning bush? This was his first encounter with God. I know there are other more episodic encounters between the two, but this was Moses’ first time encountering God. What a heart pounding experience this must have been. This encounter changed Moses’ life forever. Yet, Moses had to overcome his own fear of inadequacy before committing to his complete life change. Surely his life would have changed simply by having contact with God’s spirit, but he had to get past his fears before accepting his role in the full plan God had for his life. But once God gave a response to all of Moses’ weak excuses, Moses finally picked up his mantle and became all that he was purposed to be in God’s plan. If a book where to be written about our lives, at what occasion would the readers find our weak excuses we give to God? Then Moses said to God, “Behold, I am going to the sons of Israel, and I will say to them, ‘The God of your fathers has sent me to you.’ Now they may say to me, ‘What is His name?’ What shall I say to them?” God said to Moses, ” I AM WHO I AM”; and He said, “Thus you shall say to the sons of Israel, ‘I AM has sent me to you.'” God, furthermore, said to Moses, “Thus you shall say to the sons of Israel, ‘The Lord , the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has sent me to you.’ This is My name forever, and this is My memorial-name to all generations. Go and gather the elders of Israel together and say to them, ‘The Lord , the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, “I am indeed concerned about you and what has been done to you in Egypt. Exodus 3:13-16 NASB
Whitworth Art Gallery, Oxford Rd, Manchester M15 6ER Free Event, no need to book Marius Kociejowski, poet, essayist and travel writer, lives in London. He has published four collections of poetry: Coast (Greville Press), Doctor Honoris Causa and Music’s Bride (both Anvil Press) and So Dance the Lords of Language – poems 1975-2001 (published in Canada by Porcupine’s Quill in 2003). Other books are The Street Philosopher and the Holy Fool: A Syrian Journey (Sutton Publishing, 2004) and The Pigeon Wars of Damascus (Biblioasis, 2010), and an anthology, Syria through Writers’ Eyes (Eland). A collection of short prose, essays and feuilletons, The Pebble Chance will be published in 2014. He has completed a new, as yet unpublished, book, God’s Zoo, a record of a world journey through London, through its exile and émigré artists, writers and musicians. Janine Pinion is based in Wirral, Merseyside. She moved from Belfast to study at Liverpool College of Art and has exhibited in the North West and Ireland. She has had poems published in magazines and anthologies, such as Ambit, Iota, Interpreters House, Smoke. Driftwood published her pamphlet in 2003 and she is currently writing a full collection. Janine teaches in higher education and mental health. Her poetry has been described as visual and enticing, based on subjects such as an Irish childhood, missing people and postcards of modern life. Jeremy Over was born in Leeds in 1961. He studied law at Leeds University and now lives near Cockermouth in Cumbria, where he works as a policy adviser for the Department for Work and Pensions. His poetry was first published in New Poetries II(Carcanet, 1999). His first collection was A Little Bit of Bread and No Cheese (Carcanet, 2001). His second collection, Deceiving Wild Creatures, was published in 2009. ‘Deeply enjoyable … hilarious’: John Hartley Williams, Poetry London; ‘a menthol lozenge on the confectionery stall of modern poetry’: Vic Allen, The North. Jinny Shaw is an oboist in the Hallé Orchestra. She has written music for many collaborative projects, including sound installations and now music for the artists Mary Husted, Katharine Dowson and Ivan Leudar. She has written music for the blackboard drawings of Rudolf Steiner and for poets Len Evans and Rachel Mann. She has played her music in Canada, Switzerland and throughout the UK. On this occasion she will be joined by a violinist, a cellist and a viola player.
JOSH STEWART | email@example.com When talking with someone about the campus here at UW-Parkside, a lot of times people will bring up the disc golf courses around the area. This is because the campus here in Somers is widely known as one of the best in the area for the rising sport of disc golf. Disc golf is a popular hobby here at UW-Parkside, and the disc golf club is one that continues to grow each year. More than just golf One of the club’s leaders, Justin Van Ee, has been with the club for three years now after his brother’s involvement peaked his interest. Van Ee described that the club is not only about playing the game, but improving the campus as well. “The club is dedicated to improving the campus and community through the promoting, teaching and playing of disc golf.” Van Ee told the Ranger News. Itching to play Above all else though, the club is always itching to sneak a few rounds in whenever they can. Van Ee explained when asked how often the club members play by saying that “during intramural season and the indoor putting league, we are playing together each week. If the weather is nice, members of the club are always getting together for a quick round between classes. Many members play almost daily if the weather is favorable.” Get in on the fun The club ran a free tournament last year that saw around 50 students participate and will be running one this year as well. The club will be hosting a free college disc golf tournament that is open to all UW-Parkside students as well as disc golf teams from other Wisconsin colleges. Currently, the Parkside club is working with the disc golf clubs at Platteville, Madison and Stout to get a competitive circuit of annual tournaments. Many benefits of joining There are many great benefits to joining the disc golf club that students should take advantage of. Players have the opportunity to learn a fun, easy-to-enjoy game, meet new students here at UW-Parkside and even from other schools and take in the beautiful nature scenery that the course is held on. Players also have the chance to win prizes in tournaments and represent UW-Parkside on a national level. How to get involved Anyone interested in joining the Disc Golf Club can contact Justin Van Ee at firstname.lastname@example.org or find them on Campus Connect. Also, students can attend a round of golf at anytime when the players meet on Fridays at 2:00 p.m., at hole No.1 of UW-Parkside’s disc golf course.
NATION-STATE TRAITS AND HOW THEY AFFECT CORPORATE CULTURES IN SEVEN COUNTRIES Different cultures have diverse concepts of leadership. Leaders can be born, elected, or trained and groomed. Others seize power or have leadership thrust upon them. Leadership can be autocratic or democratic, collective or individual, meritocratic or unearned, desired or imposed. It is not surprising that business leaders (managers) often wield their power in conformity with the national set-up – for instance, a confirmed democracy like Sweden produces low-key democratic managers; Arab managers are good Muslims; Chinese managers usually have government or Party affiliations. Leaders cannot readily be transferred from culture to culture. Japanese prime ministers would be largely ineffective in the United States; American politicians would fare badly in most Arab countries; mullahs would not be tolerated in Norway. Similarly, business managers find the transition from one culture to another fraught with difficulties. Such transfers become more and more common with the globalization of business, but the composition of international teams and particularly the choice of their leaders requires careful thought. Autocratic French managers have to tread warily in consensus-minded Japan or Sweden. Courteous Asian leaders would have to adopt a more vigorous style in argumentative Holland or theatrical Spain if they wished to hold the stage. German managers sent to Australia are somewhat alarmed at the irreverence ...
We visited Watch City Brewing Company during our Christmas vacation to Massachusetts. Beth and I left the kids with the grandparents and made the 30 minute drive from Carlisle to Waltham on December 27. The brewpub has been open since 1996 – a nice long 13 year run, which says something about the quality of their beer. We’ve been four times since our first visit in 2001 and loved it every time. It had been almost three years since our last visit and the beer was just as excellent as I remember. They had eight beers on tap and I ordered the ample four beer sampler (no puny glasses here), which included: - Hops Explosion IPA, an excellent and tasty IPA. I ordered a separate pint of this one. - MonkeyMonk Saison, a strong and spicy Belgian farmhouse ale (7.4% ABV) - Old Man Winter Ale, brewed with toasted coconut, cocoa nibs and vanilla - SplinterCat Schwarzbier, a smooth German black Pilsner, an excellent session beer at 4.7% The whole experience at Watch City Brewing Company was again fun and relaxing, with great beer at hand. I can’t wait to get back. Despite the urgings of our earnest and beer-educated server, I passed on a take home growler, though now I wonder why!
Submitted by Alison Marrelli The Angel Baby Fund began after this year’s Angel Baby Walk raised enough funds to help local families cover funeral expenses for their beloved children. The organizers hoped the funds would last until the next walk in spring of 2017, but our Carbon and Emery families have lost five children so far this year and funds were quickly depleted to help each of them. The walk will continue to be an annual event to come together and remember our Angel Babies. This event was a lighthearted booster to replenish the funds. It was a wonderful success with a great turnout! We played games and enjoyed delicious hearty soups as a community. It was fun for the whole family and also showcased a drawing with donations from local vendors and community members as well as a silent auction. We raised twice as much as expected and are so grateful to all our sponsors, contributors and volunteers! If you would like to donate or become a part of the Angel Baby organization, please contact Amy Ruggeri, Heidi Yoklavich or Alison Marrelli, or visit us on Facebook at “Angel Baby Fund of Carbon and Emery Counties” for more information.
A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5. Originally published by Victoria County History, London, 1912. This free content was digitised by double rekeying. All rights reserved. Ermud (xi cent.); Eremuthe (xii cent.); Heremud, Ermue, Eremuham, Horemue, Ernemue (xiii cent.); Yaremuth, Yaremuth-under-Wyght, Heremuth, Iremuth (xiv cent.); Yernemouth (xvi cent.). Yarmouth, the smallest parish in the Isle of Wight, containing only 58 acres of land, is chiefly noted as possessing one of the oldest boroughs in the Island. It is the first port inside the Needles, and lies at the mouth of the Western Yar, being connected by a bridge (fn. 1) with Freshwater parish, and has a harbour and quay. It is one of the ports for the mainland, a line of steamers running from it to Lymington, and has a station on the Isle of Wight Central railway. The pier, built by the corporation in 1876 (fn. 2) at a cost of £4,000, has three landing-stages and is 700 ft. in length. The town is well lighted and supplied with water from Afton. There is a town hall with an undercroft on the west side of the square bearing the inscription 'A.D. 1764 the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George III, this hall was rebuilt by Thomas, Lord Holmes, Governor of the Isle of Wight. Benjamin Lee Esq. Mayor.' (fn. 3) The market-house or town hall is described in 1849 as 'a neat building with a hall over it in which the several courts are held, and the public business of the corporation transacted.' (fn. 4) It was formerly known as the Guildhall. (fn. 5) At the time of the building of the castle the town possessed four gates—the Quay Gate (fn. 6) towards the sea, the outer and inner (fn. 7) Town Gates (fn. 8) towards the east, and the Hither Gate, (fn. 9) probably to the south. Stone Cross and Draffehaven are place-names (xvii cent.). The borough of Yarmouth, which is co-extensive with the parish, received its first charter from Baldwin de Redvers third Earl of Devon, (fn. 10) who granted his men of Yarmouth all liberties and customs belonging to free burgesses, and quittance from tolls and other customs throughout all his lands in fairs and markets. (fn. 11) In 1334 the burgesses of Yarmouth obtained from Edward III a confirmation of their charter, (fn. 12) but the borough still remained a mesne borough (fn. 13) until 1440, when Henry VI confirmed their charter (fn. 14) and granted the burgesses their town at a fee-farm rent of 20s., payable yearly at Michaelmas. (fn. 15) A confirmation of the charter was granted in 1466 by Edward IV, and by Queen Elizabeth in 1560. (fn. 16) The last and most important charter to Yarmouth was granted in 1609 by James I at the petition of the mayor and burgesses. (fn. 17) The town was to remain for ever a free borough, and was to be incorporate under the style of the 'Mayor and Burgesses of the borough of Yarmouth,' with the right to acquire land to the value of £20 a year, and to have a common seal. (fn. 18) The common council was to consist of the mayor and eleven chief burgesses, and was to hold the view of frankpledge and the assize of bread and ale in the gild hall. In 1693 Lord Cutts reported that the Corporation of Yarmouth consisted of a mayor and twelve aldermen, (fn. 19) who had power to add to the corporation as many free men as they pleased, all of whom had a voice in the election of members to Parliament. (fn. 20) These free men or free burgesses, who were elected by a majority of the common council, were very numerous in the 18th century, but the Commissioners upon the Municipal Corporations of England reported in 1835 that only those were chosen who would support the interest of the patron within the borough. Under the Municipal Corporations Act of 1883 (fn. 21) the corporation ceased to exist in March 1886, and the town is now governed by a town trust of eleven members, five of whom are elected by the parish council of Yarmouth, two by the parish council of Freshwater, three are co-optative, and one is appointed by the London and South-Western Railway Company. The governing officer of the early borough was a bailiff who was probably an officer of the lord of the town for the time being, and was elected by him, as his stipend was paid from the issues of the town. (fn. 22) Between 1378 and 1385 the vill of Yarmouth was farmed by the bailiff at a rent of 40s., paid at Easter and Michaelmas in equal portions, (fn. 23) but from Easter 1380 to Christmas of that year no rent was paid for the town, because it had been burnt by the French, and neither the bailiff nor the townsfolk had any goods on which the rent could be distrained. The right to elect a mayor was apparently granted to the burgesses in 1440 with the right to have the borough at fee farm, for in 1449 the fee farm was paid by the mayor, bailiff and burgesses of the borough. (fn. 24) The charter of 1609 ordered that the election of the mayor by the common council from among the chief burgesses (fn. 25) should take place yearly at the feast of St. Matthew the Apostle in the gild hall of the borough. (fn. 26) If a mayor died in office another was elected for the remainder of the year. One of the mayoral duties was to preside as returning officer at the election of members of Parliament. (fn. 27) Originally the possession of a burgage tenement was probably a necessary qualification for a burgess, but all burgage tenures had ceased before 1835. (fn. 28) The capital burgesses (fn. 29) were chosen from among the free burgesses, but the latter never seem to have taken any part in the administration of the borough and were only present at the meetings for the election of members of Parliament. In 1835 there had been no recent elections of free burgesses except of such as were intended for chief burgesses immediately. The corporation had by this means been reduced to the smallest possible limits, possibly owing to a desire to prevent any risk of opposition at parliamentary elections. (fn. 30) The function of the common clerk who under the charter of 1609 was elected by the common council and held office during pleasure was to attend at meetings of the common council and enter the proceedings in a book and to keep the accounts and serve as steward of the court leet. His salary was £6 6s. a year with a fee of a guinea on the election of a free or chief burgess. The serjeant-at-mace held office under the charter of 1609 during pleasure and by the election of the common council. (fn. 31) His salary was a guinea and his duty was to attend all meetings of the corporation and serve all notices and summonses of the mayor. The market of Yarmouth was held on Mondays and a fair lasting three days took place at the feast of St. James. The right to both market and fair was successfully claimed by Isabel de Fortibus in 1279–80, (fn. 32) and belonged to the borough after 1440. By the charter of 1609 the market day was changed to Wednesday, (fn. 33) and in 1778 the market was held on Fridays, but was unfrequented. (fn. 34) In 1849 it was held on Wednesdays (fn. 35) and in 1863 and subsequently on Fridays, (fn. 36) but the market had died out before 1875. The date of the fair remained unchanged until 1863, (fn. 37) but it was merely a pleasure fair in 1792, (fn. 38) and ceased before 1875. The revenues of the corporation in 1835 arose from tolls of the markets and fairs, wharfage dues, a rent of £4 12s. 6d. derived from 2½ acres of land, fee-farm rents from old burgage tenements called town rents, amounting to £3 17s. 6d., and rent arising from the lease of an oyster fishery. The wharfage dues were imposed upon all goods imported or exported by water, but no toll was levied upon fish. In addition to this a toll was imposed on each vessel of 12 or 15 tons and upwards. Burgesses were exempt from all these dues. (fn. 39) In 1835 the tolls of the market had diminished to 10s. a year, paid by a butcher, the only person who sold in the market-house, for his standing there. (fn. 40) Fair tolls were taken from persons setting up stalls at the fairs, but the receipts at each fair seldom exceeded 2s. 6d. (fn. 41) In the 13th and 14th centuries the market and fair tolls had varied between 16s. and 22s. (fn. 42) By the charter of 1609 the mayor and burgesses were entitled to hold a court of pie powder, but this court, if it was ever held, was quite obsolete in 1835 (fn. 43); in fact, the borough of Yarmouth never seems to have had a borough court as distinct from the court leet, any by-laws or orders for the payment of money being made at the meetings of the common council. (fn. 44) The only case which has been found in which the court leet is called the court of the mayor and burgesses is in 1625. (fn. 45) During the 17th century the court leet was apparently held twice a year, in April and September or October, (fn. 46) but in 1835 the commissioners found that it was held only once a year on 18 October. The jury was composed of the small tradespeople of the town, and the same persons generally attended year by year as a matter of course without a summons, providing substitutes when they were unable themselves to be present. An allowance was made to the jury for a dinner on the court day. (fn. 47) They presented two high constables, (fn. 48) two petty constables (fn. 49) and a hayward annually, and also presented encroachments, nuisances and improper weights and measures. (fn. 50) Yarmouth and Newport together returned two members to Parliament in 1295, (fn. 51) but Yarmouth was not again represented until 1584, (fn. 52) from which date it regularly returned two members until disfranchised in 1832. Yarmouth was visited by King John in May 1206, (fn. 53) and it was probably at this time that he entertained the Earl of Salisbury there. (fn. 54) He again visited the town in February 1213–14, making a stay of a week, (fn. 55) so that there must have been at that time a mansion of some importance at Yarmouth. A survey of the town taken in 1559 showed that its size and importance had greatly diminished, since there were not many more than a dozen houses. (fn. 56) The commissioners of 1835 stated that there was scarcely any trade in the town and very little export or import. (fn. 57) In the survey of Yarmouth taken in 1559 a list is given of all the boats belonging to the port. (fn. 60) At a court leet held in 1602 the inhabitants were bidden to repair the quay with all speed, (fn. 61) and in 1603 the common council ordered that every ship belonging to the port of the burden of forty tons and upwards should pay yearly at Michaelmas towards the maintenance of the quay 5s.; boats between forty and twenty tons, 2s. 6d.; and those between ten and twenty tons, 1s. 6d.; all barques of four tons and upwards using the passage should pay 1s. and 'every pynnys keeping passage' 6d. (fn. 62) In 1618 the quay was again in decay, and the duty of repairing it fell upon the mayor and constables, (fn. 63) while in 1625 a levy for that purpose was made upon all the inhabitants of the town. (fn. 64) In 1628 Charles I granted the port of Yarmouth to Mary Wandisford, widow, and to William Wandisford, her sister's husband, (fn. 65) who proposed to include it in a scheme for cutting off the parishes of Freshwater and Totland from the main island. The mayor and burgesses petitioned against this scheme, on the ground that it would ruin their harbour by diminishing the current of the river, which was already only just sufficient to keep the harbour clear. (fn. 66) About 1662, however, the Governor of the Island cut a passage round the eastern side of the town, thus making it an island, with a view to rendering it more capable of being fortified, as a French invasion was feared. (fn. 67) Two years later the marshes were embanked and the town was connected with the main island by a drawbridge. (fn. 68) In 1825 £44 12s. 9d. was spent in repairs to the quay and sea wall, which had been injured by a storm, (fn. 69) and in 1829, the wharfs having been found insufficient, an application was made to the Board of Ordnance for a lease of some ground belonging to the castle and adjoining the old wharf, which was granted to the corporation at a rent of £1, and a quit-rent paid to the Board of Ordnance. The corporation also had to pay the government £30 for the old material standing upon the ground. In the following year the corporation built a new wharf on this land and the site of the old wharf. (fn. 70) The trade of the port is at the present day very limited, the imports consisting chiefly of coal and iron, but not more than is required for use in the immediate neighbourhood. A small quantity of corn is exported. The manor of YARMOUTH, consisting of a hide and 2½ virgates of land, was held in the time of King Edward the Confessor by Alvric and Wislac in parage of the king, and they retained it after the Conquest. It formed one of the three holdings in Hemreswel Hundred. (fn. 71) The manor was evidently granted by Henry I to Richard de Redvers, and subsequently followed the same descent as the lordship of the Isle (fn. 72) and Carisbrooke Castle (q.v.) until about 1440, when the men of Yarmouth began to farm their own borough. The interest of the lord of the manor was from then until about 1886 represented by a fee-farm rent of 20s. annually, which was apparently granted by the Crown to Sir Robert Holmes. He died in 1692, leaving an illegitimate daughter Mary, and left the chief part of his estate to his nephew Henry Holmes on condition that he should marry Mary Holmes. (fn. 73) This Henry did and the fee-farm rent of Yarmouth passed on his death in 1738 to his son Thomas, who was created Lord Holmes of Killmallock in 1760. (fn. 74) He died in 1764 without surviving issue, and was succeeded in the property by his nephew the Rev. Leonard Holmes, formerly Troughear, who was created Baron Holmes in 1798. (fn. 75) He died in 1804 and the rent passed to his daughter Elizabeth wife of Sir Henry Worsley Holmes, bart. On her death in 1832 it passed to her granddaughter Elizabeth, wife of William Henry Ashe A'Court, who assumed the name Holmes in 1833 and succeeded his father as Lord Heytesbury in 1860. (fn. 76) He died in 1891 and was succeeded by his grandson William Frederick third Lord Heytesbury, whose widow, Margaret Lady Heytesbury, is now lady of the manor. Sir Robert Holmes, Governor of the Isle of Wight from 1669 until 1692, (fn. 77) built at Yarmouth a large mansion, said to be the present Pier Hotel (fn. 78) (formerly, until 1897, the George Inn), where in 1671, 1675 and 1677 he entertained the king with great magnificence. (fn. 79) The room where Charles II slept is still shown at the inn. This house was apparently built on the site of an old mansion, probably to be identified with 'the king's house' at Yarmouth mentioned in 1638. (fn. 80) In 1301–2 a payment of 3s. was made for a new pillory at Yarmouth. (fn. 81) The castle of Yarmouth was built towards the end of the reign of Henry VIII (fn. 82) in consequence of a raid by the French upon the Island about 1543, (fn. 83) and formed part of the south coast defence scheme which included Calshot, Hurst, and Sandown. It was built under the superintendence of Richard Worsley, then Captain of the Island, (fn. 84) and consisted of a tower and platform towards the sea, mounted with cannon of various calibre, (fn. 85) backed with the usual residence and storehouse. It had a fine gateway towards the east with the royal arms above it, (fn. 86) and seems to have been a more ambitious building than either Cowes or Sandown. The building was probably finished about 1547, for in that year £1,000 was paid to George Mill for the works at Yarmouth and for the discharge of the soldiers there. (fn. 87) The castle has always belonged to the Crown, and was exempted by a special clause in the charter of 1609 from the jurisdiction of the borough. (fn. 88) Repairs were required there in 1565, and were carried out under the direction of Richard Worsley. (fn. 89) Owing to troubles with Spain the fortifications of the coast towns were inquired into in 1586, and the defences of Yarmouth Castle were found to be very insufficient. (fn. 90) Between March and November in the following year works costing in all £50 7s. 7d. were carried out at Yarmouth under the supervision of Thomas Worsley and John Dingley. The chief item seems to have been the erection of a fortification of earth and turf. (fn. 91) After the Armada scare it was again repaired, and a new building was erected on the platform. (fn. 92) In 1599 Sir Edmund Uvedale estimated at £300 the cost of putting Yarmouth Castle into a proper state of defence, and stated that the sum would be well spent, as Yarmouth was strongly situated, and was a necessary fort for holding up any ships which might get past Hurst Castle and Carey's Sconce. (fn. 93) Repairs were undertaken at about this time, and were reported in 1603 as being almost completed. (fn. 94) In 1609, however, the Earl of Southampton, then Governor of the Isle of Wight, spent £300 on the repairs of Sandown and Yarmouth Castles. (fn. 95) In 1623, when John Burley was Captain and the garrison consisted of four men, a survey of the castle was taken. The surveyors reported that the parapet of the middle tower was quite decayed, and that lodging was wanted for four gunners. The three rooms in the square tower were in a ruinous state and required roofing. The moat and the sluice regulating the supply of water in it were both useless. The moat was 17 rods in circumference and 2 rods wide, and was to be made 5 ft. deeper, and a counter-scarp of brick or earth was to be constructed. Repairs were again urgently required in 1625. (fn. 96) On the outbreak of the Civil War in 1642 the Parliamentarians took steps to secure all the castles of the Isle of Wight. Captain Barnaby Burley, who was then in command at Yarmouth, made active preparations to defend the castle for the king, but finally surrendered on condition that he might remain in the castle, the Parliamentarians leaving with him a sufficient guard. (fn. 97) In 1650 the garrison at Yarmouth was found to be very insufficient, and it was proposed that the existing force of a captain and thirty men should be increased by thirty men and a lieutenant. (fn. 98) Thus in 1654 the garrison comprised seventy soldiers, (fn. 99) and in 1655 the cost of the upkeep of the garrison was £78 3s. 4d., and steps were taken to reduce it. (fn. 100) On the accession of Charles II the dismantling of castles and fortresses, begun under the Long Parliament as a precaution against rebellion, was carried further, and in 1661 the entire garrison of Yarmouth Castle was disbanded at four days' notice, and the removal of the guns to Cowes was ordered unless the men of Yarmouth would undertake to defend their own castle. (fn. 101) Apparently the burgesses did not do this, for in 1666 the king wrote to Lord Colepeper, then Governor of the Island, suggesting that the inhabitants of Yarmouth and other places in the Isle of Wight might contribute to the safety of the Island by fortifying their castles. (fn. 102) Some steps may have been taken in this direction, for Sir Robert Holmes, when he surveyed the fortifications in 1669, found that, though Yarmouth Castle was totally out of repair and had no officer, there were four men acting as a garrison. (fn. 103) In the following year orders were issued by the king for the proper fortification of the town of Yarmouth, fresh ground to be bought if necessary for the extension of existing fortifications, and such guns and ordnance as could be spared from Cowes to be placed at Yarmouth. (fn. 104) In 1688, when William of Orange was preparing to land in England, Sir Robert Holmes wrote in despair to Lord Preston that he could never secure the Island without speedy help. He could only attempt to retain the two forts of Yarmouth and Hurst, the militia being already mutinous and the townspeople ready to declare in favour of the prince. (fn. 105) In the following year things were in the same bad state. (fn. 106) The military establishment in 1781 included a captain, one master gunner and five other gunners. (fn. 107) Extensive repairs were carried out at the fort in 1855, and it was then garrisoned by a detachment of the regular army of the county, (fn. 108) but it was dismantled about thirty years later, and the fort has been used since about 1898 for coastguard purposes. It consisted in 1863 of a platform with four guns. (fn. 109) The castle is leased to the proprietors of the Pier Hotel, with which it is now incorporated. (fn. 110) The parish church of ST. JAMES is an uninteresting structure consisting of nave with north and south aisles, a chancel and a western tower. The original church was said by local tradition to have been at the east end of the town, and its foundations were visible in the old churchyard in 1845. (fn. 111) Destroyed by the French in their raid of 1377, it is said to have been rebuilt on the present site only to be again reduced to a ruin in 1543. At the beginning of the 17th century it was practically rebuilt, (fn. 112) and reconsecrated by the Bishop of Salisbury on 11 March 1626. (fn. 113) The chancel, which had a polygonal roof with enriched bosses at the intersection of the ribs, was lengthened 12 ft. in 1889. To the south of it is the little mortuary chapel containing a fine statue of Sir Robert Holmes, died 1692, and many memorials to the Holmes family. There is a wall tablet by Nollekens to Captain John Urry, 1802, and in the floor are 17th-century grave slabs of the Hide family (fn. 114) and to Peter Pryavlx, 1644. On the front of the gallery at the west end are brass tablets commemorating the different charitable bequests, and in the north aisle is the royal achievement of George I, 1715. There is one bell, by James Bartlet of London, inscribed 'The . Gvift . of . Sir . Richard . Mason . Knight . 1679' and a clock made by Nicholas Paris in the same year. The plate consists of two pewter 18th-century patens, plated flagon, plated paten on three feet, of 8½ in. diameter, and plated chalice, both inscribed 'PARISH OF YARMOUTH,' and silver chalice and paten. In the vestry are two lidded pewter flagons said to have formerly been used in the church. The registers date from 1614. Baldwin de Redvers, the first of the name, granted to the priory of Christchurch Twyneham the tithes that belonged to Sir Alfred de Brockley in Yarmouth, (fn. 115) and this grant was confirmed by his sons Richard and Baldwin and by the king in 1313. (fn. 116) The lords of the manor evidently retained the advowson, (fn. 117) and it passed to the king in the same way as the manor, (fn. 118) and was granted with it to the Earl of Chester. (fn. 119) In 1333, however, Philip de Heyterdebury came before the king and sought to recover the advowson of a moiety of the church of Yarmouth to the Prior of Christchurch Twyneham, the advowson having been taken into the king's hands on account of the prior's default before Geoffrey le Scrop the king's justice. (fn. 120) In the following year Geoffrey and his fellow-justices received orders not to put the prior in default for his absence at a suit between the king and the prior concerning the rendering by the prior to the king of a moiety of the advowson, as the prior was in the king's service at that time. (fn. 121) Presumably the whole advowson then passed to the king, (fn. 122) and the king or the Lord Chancellor presented (fn. 123) until 1866–7, when the advowson was purchased by Samuel Fisher. (fn. 124) In 1894–5 it was sold by the trustees of the Rev. C. T. Fisher to the Rev. B. Maturin, from whom it passed in 1900 to Mr. Elmer Speed, the present patron. (fn. 125) In 1380 the church of Yarmouth was exonerated from the subsidy on account of the poverty (fn. 126) of the town, which had been burnt by the French. In 1559 in the survey above quoted it is stated that the benefice of Yarmouth was insufficient to find a priest, (fn. 127) and in 1654 the mayor and inhabitants of the town in a petition to the Protector stated that the benefice, being not above 20 marks a year, served only for an old man who could merely read. They, therefore, begged that they might have an augmentation of £50 a year, so that they could have a proper pastor, and this request was granted. (fn. 128) A brief assigned to the year 1626 was issued for building a new church at Yarmouth, (fn. 129) and by a faculty granted by the Bishop of Winchester in 1635 the townsfolk of Yarmouth were allowed to pull down their old church, which was in a ruinous state, and to build a new one. (fn. 130) William de Vernon, lord of the Isle of Wight from 1184 to 1216, granted and confirmed to William Mackerel the land and house at Yarmouth which Guy the clerk held, for making a hospital in honour of God and St. Mary the Virgin and All Saints, for the soul of King Henry son of Earl Geoffrey and for the soul of Earl Baldwin and Richard his brother, (fn. 131) and for the soul of William Mackerel and his ancestors. (fn. 132) William's grant was confirmed by Baldwin Archbishop of Canterbury (1185–90), (fn. 133) and by Godfrey Bishop of Winchester (1189–1204). (fn. 134) The hospital was endowed with land at Milford and Kerne, and at Chalk in Wiltshire, and with the chapel of Brook. (fn. 135) William Mackerel apparently gave the hospital with its endowments to the knights of Solomon's Temple, for his gift to that effect was confirmed by Ralph his brother and successor, and by William de Vernon. (fn. 136) It would seem that the hospital was allowed to fall into decay, for no further mention of it has been found, and its endowment with the exception of the chapel of Brook was appropriated to the Knights Templars. There are Baptist, Wesleyan and Bible Christian chapels at Yarmouth, the latter having been registered for marriages in 1869, (fn. 137) and the Plymouth Brethren have a small room. The Town Trust, comprising the property of the dissolved corporation of 'The Mayor and Chief Burgesses of Yarmouth,' is regulated by a scheme of the Charity Commissioners 30 December 1890. The property consists of:— Part i, fee-farm rents and parcels of land and buildings in Yarmouth, and £134 19s. 5d. Plymouth Corporation 3 per cent. stock, £35 6s. 8d. consols, and £49 18s. 6d. India 3 per cent. stock held by the official trustees; Part ii, the quay, harbour, wharfage, tolls and harbour dues, and also reversion of Yar Bridge; Part iii, the pier and tolls and rates comprised in and levied under the Yarmouth (I. of W.) Pier Order 1874; Part iv, the mace, common seal, ancient charters, &c.; Part v, mud land containing 36 a. 2 r. 27 p. The scheme directs that the income from Part i, about £30 a year, shall be applied in defraying cost of repairs and management of Parts i and iv, and in maintenance of the town hall and to any purpose for public benefit; the income from Part ii, about £250 a year, in payment of harbour master and other officers, in maintaining harbour lights, &c., and in contributing to the expenses of the pier; the income from Part iii, about £610 a year, in upkeep of the pier, including salaries of officers, and in paying interest accruing in respect of debts incurred. In 1752 Thomas Lord Holmes by deed charged his farm called Alverstone in Brading with an annuity of £30, to be applied in keeping in repair the monument in the parish church in memory of his son, one-third of the residue in apprenticing poor boys and girls, a moiety of the remainder for the minister and the other moiety for the poor. By an order of the Charity Commissioners 12 June 1896 the yearly sum of 20s. was directed to be applied in repair of the monument and £9 13s. 4d. for the minister, constituting the Ecclesiastical charity, £9 13s. 4d. for apprenticing and £9 13s. 4d. for the poor. In 1846 Joseph Squire by will bequeathed £200 consols, now £196 14s. 1d. Nottingham Corporation 3 per cent. stock, the dividends to be distributed among poor not receiving parochial relief, on the anniversary of testator's death (September 14). In 1856 John Squire, by his will proved at Winchester 15 September, bequeathed £100 consols, now £98 7s. like Corporation stock, the income to be applied in distribution of coals to poor widows at Christmas. In 1872 Miss Harriet Blagrave Dean Love by deed gave £200 consols, now £196 19s. 2d. like Corporation stock, the income to be distributed to the poor on 1 January yearly. The same donor, by her will proved at London 17 March 1881, left £50 consols, now £49 4s. 3d. like Corporation stock, the interest to be applied in keeping in repair a tablet in the church and tombstones in the churchyard, and the surplus to any useful or charitable purpose. The income of this charity is accumulating until required. In 1871 Vice-Admiral Henry Ommanney Love by deed gave £200 consols, now £196 19s. 2d. like Corporation stock, the income to be applied as to one moiety for the rector and the other moiety for the poor on 1 March in each year. In 1868 Caroline Leigh, by her will proved at Winchester 27 October, bequeathed £1,000 consols, now £984 16s. 1d. like Corporation stock, producing £29 11s. yearly, to be applied in augmentation of the rector's stipend. The sums of stock above mentioned are held by the official trustees, producing in the aggregate £51 13s. 6d., of which £32 10s. is received by the rector, in addition to the share of Lord Holmes's charity. The proportion (fn. 138) applicable for eleemosynary purposes is distributed in coal and money doles. In 1825 Jane Seymour Hearne by will bequeathed a sum of money, now represented by £88 8s. Nottingham Corporation 3 per cent. stock. In 1871 Vice-Admiral Henry Ommanney Love by deed gave £100 consols, now £98 9s. 7d. like Corporation stock. In 1872 Miss Harriet Blagrave Dean Love by deed gave £100 consols, now £98 9s. 7d. like Corporation stock. In 1874 Barnabas, otherwise Barnaby, Beere bequeathed a sum of money, now represented by £143 17s. 10d. like Corporation stock. In 1897 Miss Elizabeth Leigh, by a codicil to her will proved 10 December, bequeathed £1,000 consols, now represented by £1,000 like Corporation stock, and £21 12s. 1d. consols, the income to be applied in equal proportion towards the salaries of the master and mistress of the National schools, both to be members of the Church of England. The several sums of stock are held by the official trustees, producing in the aggregate £43 8s. yearly, which is applied in connexion with the National schools.
Key Facts on how charitable donations to your faith centre can go further In 2016 the Charity Commission reported a peak in charitable giving during the month of Ramadan, with £38 being donated by Muslims per second. In 2017 over £100 million was raised during this holy month. With Ramadan fast approaching it is a perfect time to make sure that your charitable organisation is maximising the value of donations. Gift Aid is a scheme that enables registered charities to increase the donations they receive. Gift Aid reclaims the tax already paid on the money being donated, from HM Revenue and Custom (HMRC), for charitable causes. By claiming Gift Aid for you charitable organisation you can increase the value of the donations you receive by 25p to every £1, on donations up to £8000 per tax year. There are several considerations to be mindful of when applying for Gift Aid. First, and foremost, gift aid can only be claimed on money that is being collected for a registered charity. Following from this, it is very important that religious institutions, and other organisations, collecting donations are well informed on the charity they are fundraising for. Finally, there are two ways that gift aid can be collected and understanding both of these options will ensure that you are not missing out on maximising all donations that are eligible for this scheme. Defining what a charity ‘is’ is a complex, and sometimes controversial, topic. Officially, a charity is understood as an organisation that is set up for charitable purposes and provides public benefits. Acts of giving, which may be perceived as acts of charity, may not be legally regarded as such. Many of us are familiar with the sight of collection bowls being passed around at our local places of worship, or local community centres, to raise money for issues close to the hearts our communities. The causes being collected for may go towards supporting a member of the community who is sick, or too fund projects that will benefit the immediate, wider, or global community. If this money is not being collected on behalf of a registered charity, however, than they will not be liable for gift aid. Although those raising money often have the best intentions at heart, it is best to personally make sure the cause you plan to give money too is registered. The easiest way to do this is by checking for the charity registration number on The Charity Commission website. Registered charities are eligible for two Gift Aid schemes: Scheme 1: The main Gift Aid scheme allows eligible charities to claim 25p per £1 donated, on up £8000 per tax year, depending on eligibility. Click here for the application. How to Apply: Step 1: Apply to HMRC for recognition as a charity or a CASC for tax purposes. If your Charity has income above £5000 you will have to register with the Charity Commission before applying to the HMRC. Step 2: Nominate an authorised official and/or nominee. Step 3: Fill in the R68(i) ‘Gift Aid and tax repayment claims’ form. After you have completed these steps HMRC will confirm your status as a charity and issue a reference number that you will be required to state on all correspondence with them. When collecting Gift Aid donations you will have to get a declaration from your donors, including their full name, address (including postcode), details of the donations covered by the declaration and confirmation that they are a UK taxpayer. One declaration can apply to all future donations from the donor. Donations can be collected in face-to-face, over the internet, and by telephone, in any circumstance you should issue all donors with a declaration and make sure that this is signed. You must keep either an electronic or paper record of the declarations, showing that your donors have agreed that you can reclaim the tax on their donation. Scheme 2: The Gift Aid small Donations scheme (GASDS) allows eligible charities to claim ‘top-up’ payments on the small cash donations they receive. This means that charities don’t need the donor to complete an individual Gift Aid declaration to make a claim. In order to claim these donations, follow the steps below: These small claims apply to amounts of £20 per individual donation or less. Most Faith Institution Charities may claim a top-up of £8000 per tax year, through this scheme, on cash that was collected after the 6th April 2017. Cash collected prior to this date are subject to different rules, which can be found on the HMRC website. You are required to keep records of small donations as evidence of your claim. You should record: how much money was collected, including each denomination of coins and notes; the date the money was collected; that no individual donation was greater than £20; if you’ve collected contactless donations you’ll need to keep the records produced by the contactless terminal. You must claim on small cash donations within 2 years from the end of the tax year that you collected them, and give the total amount of the small donations when making your claim. Have claimed main Gift Aid (see scheme 1) in the same tax year as you want to claim a top-up payment (scheme 2) How to apply: Step 2: activate your account using the activation code sent to you by Government Gateway, this usually take around a week to arrive and must be used within 28 days. Step 3: Sign into your Charities Online account, and proceed to fill out the claims form: Select ‘access service,’ then ‘make a charity repayment claim’ where you will specify that you are making a Gift Aid claim. When you’ve filled in details of your claim, you’ll be asked for more information about your charity on a page titled ‘About the organisation’. - You will then be asked to fill in the ‘repayment claim details’ page, where you can tell HMRC about the donations to your charity that you can reclaim tax on. You can send these details on a document called a schedule spreadsheet. - You will need to save this spreadsheet to your computer and attach it to the claims form. - You will be taken to the declaration page to finalise your form. - When you have submitted a claim, you will get an on-screen confirmation with the date and time it was sent. You will also see a reference number which you must make a note of and quote in any correspondence with HMRC regarding your claim. For more information, click here for a guide to applying for the small donations scheme.
2020 has been crazy… to say the least. But in many ways, 2020 has thrust a huge spotlight on something we’ve known for quite some time – – mobile threats are real and mobile devices and apps need protection. It truly is crazy how many stories we’ve seen – and the year isn’t over yet – where the need for mobile security is front and center. Recently, Scott King and I hosted a webinar on the Top Five Mobile Security Stories of a Crazy 2020. For those who may not know, Scott – among many other things – has authored many of our threat reports related to mobile apps, including a recent series on security and privacy risks on financial apps from around the world. To watch the webinar on-demand, please click here. We each developed a list of the top five mobile security stories independently, and tried to refrain from any COVID-specific stories. With that in mind, here are Scott’s top five: A tip from a young girl on TikTok who found three TikTok users, one of whom had more than 300,000 followers, promoting what appeared to be an abusive app. The girl reported it to Be Safe Online, a project in the Czech Republic that educates children about online safety. The tip led to the discovery of aggressive adware and exorbitant prices lurking in iOS and Android smartphone apps with a combined 2.4 million downloads from the App Store and Google Play. In 2020, we not only received confirmation that popular apps like WhatsApp are vulnerable, we saw that vulnerable apps are being used as a way to install spyware. Roger Torrent and Ernest Maragell – two Catalonia politicians – and Jeff Bezos were all victims of targeted spear phishing campaigns where attackers took advantage of the vulnerabilities of an app as a means to their end. The simple fact is, no platform is 100 percent bulletproof and no app is 100 percent bulletproof. That’s why in the mobile world, just like in the traditional endpoint world, we constantly have to be looking for, finding and patching vulnerabilities, as well as providing protection behind vulnerabilities when something goes and exploits it – – like what happened here with WhatsApp. This is related to the iOS 14 beta when it first came out, and people installed it. Users noticed that some apps had access to their pasteboard or their keyboard and the operating system would warn you – ‘Reddit is monitoring what you’re typing right now in LinkedIn or Twitter or some other app.’ There were a lot of videos on Twitter on how this works. The privacy aspect of that is going to change the way we really think about our private information. Unfortunately throughout 2020, we’ve seen the continuing evolution of remote access banking Trojans. Anubis…BlackRock…Cerberus…Alien. One is released; does its damage by grabbing our banking credentials; signature is created; here comes the slightly tweaked next one….and so on….and so on. It’s clear we must monitor this as the Trojans continue to evolve and evade detection. Okay, so at first blush this may seem self-serving, and we are very proud that the Department of Defense (DoD) selected Zimperium Mobile Threat Defense (MTD) to deliver comprehensive Mobile Endpoint Protection (MEP) to the unclassified government furnished (GFE) devices of servicemen and women around the world. The fact that we will protect DoD mobile users and endpoints against phishing, malicious/risky apps, OS exploits and network attacks, points to the real story: The DoD saw a proliferation of threats and attacks on mobile devices – as we’ve described above and will continue to do so below – and recognized the need for protection. Now. Scott had a great list. Here’s mine which again, I developed separate from Scott: Back in January, the Associated Press (and the world) reported that two U.N. experts called for the U.S. to investigate a likely hack of Jeff Bezos’ phone. A commissioned forensic report found with “medium to high confidence” that Bezos’ iPhone X was compromised by a video MP4 file he received in May 2018. The Bezos hack was the highest profile mobile breach to date, bringing into focus the need to protect mobile devices. Much like the Bezos hack, so much has been written about TikTok. One aspect not receiving the attention it deserves is the idea that the TikTok app is the exception when it comes to mobile app privacy and security is false. It is the rule – – almost every mobile app has privacy and security risks. The degrees obviously vary, but the results are indisputable – – mobile apps are fraught with privacy and security risks. For example, in the last year, we’ve researched the top banking apps in 2020 and 2019, leading travel apps, shopping apps and dating apps. The overwhelming majority of the apps have privacy and security concerns. Another example of a vulnerability occurred in April, when Apple acknowledged that every iPhone released in the last eight years was vulnerable to remote attacks through the iOS Mail app. Apple did patch the vulnerability in the iOS 13.4.5 beta. This further demonstrates the fact that every platform and app can be vulnerable. This is not an iOS thing; this is a reality of all platforms and apps thing. To reiterate Scott’s points, the big takeaway for me is that – thanks to the DoD – the spotlight is brightly on two things: 1) mobile devices are the major, if not only, endpoint for many users going forward and 2) that mobile endpoints are under attack and need protecting. COVID-19 created a situation unlike anything many of us have ever seen; yet one that will likely leave permanent changes in remote working and learning. With the overnight shift towards entire workforces working remotely from home, on all variety of corporate and personal (bring your own) devices, IT and security teams have been in triage mode from a security and risk perspective. We saw, and continue to see increases in COVID-related phishing and malware attacks as businesses scramble to provide protection to its employees. It’s not just remote working. Faced with uncertainty in an ever-evolving climate, school districts and higher learning institutions are struggling to do what is best for students and teachers alike. For schools relying on Chromebooks for remote education, students, teachers and administrators face the same privacy and security threats associated with laptops and mobile devices, without the same security measures. Top 5 Mobile Security Stories of a Crazy 2020
JU Bus is a prominent bus transportation company satisfying customers for years with their superior bus service and multiple diverse routes to accommodate your travel plans. This bus service has daily bus schedules to let you travel to your destination frequently. It is a robustly managed express bus service with professional staff to explore the beautiful cities and towns of Malaysia. Plus, the express bus has classy interiors with modern aesthetics and skilled drivers, who dedicate their service in making your trip the fastest, safest, and comfortable ride. For more convenience, you can now book your bus ticket for JU Bus via Easybook online platform which has available information about JU Bus’s Bus’ routes, bus schedules, ticket price, and online booking option, saving you the time and trip to a physical counter. JU Bus Service covers multiple routes including Shah Alam Terminal, Sungai Nibong, Butterworth, Sungai Petani, Changlun, Jitra, Alor Setar, Kangar, Parit Buntar, Ipoh Amanjaya and many more. With flexible timings in its bus schedule and affordable bus tickets, now you can plan your trip through the various routes conveniently to fit your itinerary. Moreover, this bus service offers return trips to cover your journey in a full circle. To further ease your journey, JU Bus also has an accessible pick-up point and drop off points. Now, you can board JU Bus Service at your preferred time to accommodate your schedule without any hassle. To make your journey even more enriching, book your tickets via Easybook from the comfort of your home. You can easily access the bus schedules and bus ticket prices in Easybook’s online portal and do online booking for your trip in less than 5 minutes. JU Bus Service owns high-quality express buses to maximize your comfort. With modern interior designs and fully equipped travel facilities like full air conditioning, and comfortable reclining seats with spacious legroom, JU Bus is a complete package. Plus, the buses are well-maintained and driven by professional drivers with long term experience so that you can enjoy a smooth trip along the road.
Artfully detailed bench in an apple green and white striae fabric on a dark walnut base. Artfully Detailed Bench in an Apple Green and White Striae Fabric H 15 in. x W 62 in. x D 20 in. seta height 15" Date of Manufacture Ships from NY, NY Need shipping arrangements? Request for a quote. Pick up available. When purchasing please choose "pick up". Objectiques will contact you with shipping quote once we receive your shipping address. Payment for shipping will be made then after. Contact Objectiques for more information.
Information about financial, finance, business, accounting, payroll, inventory, investment, money, inventory control, stock trading, financial advisor, tax advisor, credit. Main Page: business, credit, inventory, accounting, financial, payroll, money, inventory control, Also see related: home, real estate, buy home, homebuyer, homes, condo, property, mortgage, home insurance, Definition of Seasonal Adjustment adjustment to correct measures for changes that happen for seasonal reasons. The cumulative, after-tax, prior-year effect of a change in accounting An entry in a translated balance sheet in which gains A transaction used to adjust the book balance of an inventory an informal method of adjusting for risk that allows the decision maker Very high inventory levels built up in anticipation of large An explanation or report in financial terms about the transactions of an organization. The sum of all the interest options in your policy, including interest. The process of satisfying stakeholders in the organization that managers have acted in the best interests of the stakeholders, a result of the stewardship function of managers, which takes place through accounting. A collection of systems and processes used to record, report and interpret business transactions. A broad, all-inclusive term that refers to the methods and procedures Administrative proceedings or litigation releases that entail an accounting or auditing-related violation of the securities laws. An alteration in the accounting methodology or estimates used in Earnings of a firm as reported on its income statement. A business for which a separate set of accounting records is being The representation of the double-entry system of accounting such that assets are equal to liabilities plus capital. The formula Assets = Liabilities + Equity. An equation that reflects the two-sided nature of a Unintentional mistakes in financial statements. accounted for by restating The change in the value of a firm's foreign currency denominated accounts due to a Total liabilities exceed total assets. A firm with a negative net worth is insolvent on Intentional misstatements or omissions of amounts or disclosures in The ease and quickness with which assets can be converted to cash. The period of time for which financial statements are produced – see also financial year. The principles, bases, conventions, rules and procedures adopted by management in preparing and presenting financial statements. Accounting rate of return (ARR) A method of investment appraisal that measures accounting rate of return (ARR) the rate of earnings obtained on the average capital investment over the life of a capital project; computed as average annual profits divided by average investment; not based on cash flow A set of accounts that summarize the transactions of a business that have been recorded on source documents. ‘Buckets’ within the ledger, part of the accounting system. Each account contains similar transactions (line items) that are used for the production of financial statements. Or commonly used as an abbreviation for financial statements. Money owed to suppliers. Amounts a company owes to creditors. Amounts owed by the company for goods and services that have been received, but have not yet been paid for. Usually accounts payable involves the receipt of an invoice from the company providing the services or goods. Short-term, non-interest-bearing liabilities of a business Acurrent liability on the balance sheet, representing short-term obligations Amounts due to vendors for purchases on open account, that is, not evidenced Accounts Payable Days (A/P Days) The number of days it would take to pay the ending balance Money owed by customers. Amounts owed to a company by customers that it sold to on credit. Total accounts receivable are usually reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts. Amounts owed to the company, generally for sales that it has made. Short-term, non-interest-bearing debts owed to a A current asset on the balance sheet, representing short-term Amounts due from customers for sales on open account, not evidenced Money owed to a business for merchandise or services sold on open account. Accounts Receivable Days (A/R Days) The number of days it would take to collect the ending Accounts receivable turnover The ratio of net credit sales to average accounts receivable, a measure of how accounts receivable turnover ratio A ratio computed by dividing annual The recording of revenue when earned and expenses when Well, frankly, accrual is not a good descriptive A method of accounting in which profit is calculated as the difference between income when it is earned and expenses when they are incurred. A forceful and intentional choice and application of accounting principles Allowance for doubtful accounts A contra account related to accounts receivable that represents the amounts that the company expects will not be collected. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts An estimate of the uncollectible portion of accounts receivable Result of a transaction that increases earnings per common share (e.g. by decreasing the Average accounting return The average project earnings after taxes and depreciation divided by the average Average age of accounts receivable The weighted-average age of all of the firm's outstanding invoices. Balance of Payments Accounts A statement of a country's transactions with other countries. Biased expectations theories Related: pure expectations theory. Blue Ribbon Committee on Improving the Effectiveness of Corporate Audit Committees A committee formed in response to SEC chairman Arthur Levitt's initiative to improve the financial The tendency of stocks to perform differently at different times, including such anomalies as Net result of public and private international investment and lending activities. That part of the balance of payments accounts that records demands for and supplies of a currency arising from purchases or sales of assets. CARs (cumulative abnormal returns) a measure used in academic finance articles to measure the excess returns an investor would have received over a particular time period if he or she were invested in a particular stock. A method of accounting in which profit is calculated as the difference between income Certified Management Accountant (CMA) a professional designation in the area of management accounting that Change in Accounting Estimate A change in accounting that occurs as the result of new information Change in Accounting Estimate A change in the implementation of an existing accounting Change in Accounting Principle A change from one generally accepted accounting principle to another generally accepted accounting principle—for example, a change from capitalizing expenditures Chart of accounts A listing of all accounts used in the general ledger, usually sorted in The grouping of investors who have a preference that the firm follow a particular financing Refers to the fact that the merger of two firms decreases the probability of default on A single centralized account into which funds collected at regional locations Constant dollar accounting A method for restating financial statements by reducing or An offset to an asset account that reduces the balance of the asset account. An account that reduces an equity account. An example is Treasury stock. Method of accounting for sales or service agreements where completion An account maintained in the general ledger that holds the balance without the detail. The detail is maintained in a subsidiary ledger. a discipline that focuses on techniques or Cost Accounting Standards Board (CASB) a body established by Congress in 1970 to promulgate cost accounting Creative Accounting Practices Any and all steps used to play the financial numbers game, including Creative Acquisition Accounting The allocation to expense of a greater portion of the price Cumulative abnormal return (CAR) Sum of the differences between the expected return on a stock and the Cumulative dividend feature A requirement that any missed preferred or preference stock dividends be paid Cumulative Effect of a Change in Accounting Principle The change in earnings of previous years Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change The change in earnings of previous years assuming Cumulative preferred stock Preferred stock whose dividends accrue, should the issuer not make timely Cumulative probability distribution A function that shows the probability that the random variable will A system of voting for directors of a corporation in which shareholder's total number of Voting system in which all the votes one shareholder is allowed to cast can be cast for one candidate for the board of directors. Net flow of goods, services, and unilateral transactions (gifts) between countries. That part of the balance of payments accounts that records demands for and supplies of a currency arising from activities that affect current income, namely imports, exports, investment income payments such as interest and dividends, and transfers such as gifts, pensions, and foreign aid. Result of a transaction that decreases earnings per common share. Discounting of Accounts Receivable Short-term financing in which accounts receivable are used as collateral to secure a loan. The lender does not buy the accounts receivable but simply uses them as collateral for the loan. Also called pledging of accounts receivable. accounts over which an individual or organization, other than the person in whose See accrual-basis accounting. Effective annual interest rate An annual measure of the time value of money that fully reflects the effects of effective annual interest rate Interest rate that is annualized using compound interest. Effective annual yield Annualized interest rate on a security computed using compound interest techniques. Effective Annual Yield Annualized rate of return on a security computed using compound Effective call price The strike price in an optional redemption provision plus the accrued interest to the The convexity of a bond calculated with cash flows that change with yields. In an interest rate swap, the date the swap begins accruing interest. The duration calculated using the approximate duration formula for a bond with an Effective Exchange Rate The weighted average of several exchange rates, where the weights are determined by the extent of our trade done with each country. Effective Interest Rate The rate of interest actually earned on an investment. It is Related to : financial, finance, business, accounting, payroll, inventory, investment, money, inventory control, stock trading, financial advisor, tax advisor, credit.
The Galway Cycling Campaign is marking the first United Nations Global Road Safety Week with an education campaign for the city’s road users. Over the week, which runs from 23-29 April, campaign volunteers will be distributing “Share the Road” guidance leaflets at various locations around Galway. The leaflets are targeted at adult cyclists as well as motorists and their aim is to promote safer road use by encouraging greater tolerance and understanding between all road users. The guide for adult cyclists describes essential traffic skills and general good practice for cycling in Galway City, as well as reminding cyclists of their legal obligations and rights on the road. The guide for motorists contains similar information, looked at from the driver’s perspective. Education Officer for the Galway Cycling Campaign, Oisín Ó Nidh, said that one of the main aims of the organisation is to promote road safety, not just for cyclists but for pedestrians and motorists also. “Cycling is a fantastic way of getting around Galway, if you go about it the right way,” Mr. Ó Nidh said. “It’s definitely healthier, often easier, frequently faster and is certainly better for the environment. Making it safer multiplies the benefits for individuals and for the community. Safer cycling encourages more people to get on their bikes, and the more cyclists there are, the safer cycling becomes. The guides emphasise that a bicycle is legally a vehicle, and that therefore cyclists are required to obey all the standard rules of the road. “The slogan for Global Road Safety Week is ‘Road Safety Is No Accident’,” Mr Ó Nidh said. “Sharing the road safely requires all road users to behave with courtesy, tolerance and common sense. Road safety requires cooperation and cop-on, and it should be everybody’s business. That includes policy-makers and road designers, because road safety is about much more than individual behaviour. Structural measures designed to reduce speed and alleviate traffic are essential. The Galway Cycling Campaign is playing its part, and we welcome any new members that would like to get involved. Anybody interested can find out more at For confirmation & further information, please Simon Comer, PRO 087 9915 917 Shane Foran, Chair 087 9935 993
Hot Mom & Sex Real 100% - Porn.com. A site that provides only perfect body Milfs hot sex women, hlt ladies which are in love with cocks!. Enjoy some hot mature milfs on our FREE HD milf tube page. Hosrny MILF Kayla Syns hot threesome clip. MILF big ass Porn Videos and MILF big ass Sex Clips. Mature Threesome Enjoy Hot Sex. Hot Pissing Muff Whore Instruction with Ms Paris Rose. Hot Ebony MILF.. Big-cocked sex partner penetrates Ebony mistress in the bathroom. Hot Indian Desi Milf Fucked By Old Man 21478. MMV FILMS Sexy Granny tries fresh jock meat. Story is all about a hot mom [LOUSIE]and her son [GARRY].In the previous story GARRY. The phrases usage. Press to a rash of hot-mama books (The Hot Milfs hot sex Handbook, Confessions hlt a Naughty Mommy, The MILF Anthology). Free Amateur Milf Hot Homemade Mom Porn Videos. Selected porn images for fans of 60+ matures. Sexy MILF Porn Galleries and Hot Milfs Sex Pictures at Mulligans Milfs updated hourly. Watch Milf with hot love bubbles taking part in hardcore sex video Only at VIVUD.com. Hamster.com always updates milfs hot sex Innocent Son Caught MILF Mom Masturbating.. Pantyhose · Nylon · Christmas · Hot Mom · Mature · Amateur · Classic · MILF.. Hot Moms fucks with teens in extreme threesome action. Mature. Flexible girl has sex with a man. Well if you. Housewife With Hot Ass Gets Hammered Hardcore Missionary.. How about a hot wife fuck unfolding right in front of your eyes? Mom Anal Sex · Amateur · Submissive · Swinger · Wife In Threesome · MILF. Well help your whole team - or any part of it. Most Viewed MILF Porn Movies & Sex Videos (20,246). Amateur Interracial Sex · Amateur Lesbian · Amateur MILF · Amateur Teen (18/19). Wicked thick milf swallows his cock with uot hot pussy. Hot MILFs and Matures. New Mature Videos} · Gold Mom Sex · Milf Sexy Videos · Real Milfs hot sex Sex milfs hot sex XXX Porn Milf · Mature Tube. How do you keep everyone personally healthy and strategically aligned? Charming moms have just one thing on their dirty mind: steamy mom sex. Tons of categorized hot MILF porn pictures including nude mom galleries and MILFs xxx sex photos. MILF Victoria Versaci Maid Works For Sex. Mom. MILF Mom Pics. Sex Machine. Attractive cougar with big tits bounces on a young pike. Filthy Fam 5:19. Hardcore anal for this sexy MILF India Summer 3. Hot female Abella Danger slides cutoff denim shorts over her juicy butt Sexy. Most fascinating women engaged in arousing sex that you would give everything to take part in.. Hot Brunette Milfs hot sex K Gets Her Vag Toyed While Being. Interracial Gangbang on Hot Milf Gangbang Interracial Black video:. Mature blonde german riding cock. Hot MILF Stepmom Bridgette B And Teen Daughter Melissa Moore 6:00. Enjoy a hot milf with huge tits getting fucked hard on Youporn.com. Real life Moms, Busty Matures and horny Milfs, all stashed in a huge collection of Sex Photos to grant you the ultimate Mature time. Hot Naked Moms is a variety of genres: from asian mature porn and big cock sucking to desperate orgies and black moms xxx pictures. XNXX.COM hot milf videos, free sex videos.. Hotel fun with hot wife hubby and BBC. Amateur Interracial Sex · Amateur Lesbian · Amateur MILF · Amateur Teen (18/19). Hot Milf Pictures - newest sexy milf porn galleries sorted by niches: naked milf moms, hardcore mature sex, big tit milfs, hairy milf pussy, black moms, latina milfs. Drawn erotic comics for adults with great illustrations of uncensored sex scenes.. Analdin 12:52 hot mommy wants to feel dick. Its time for some first class mature porn with MILFS, these moms are down for a fuck. XNXX.COM milf sex videos, free sex videos..… A fascinating collection of really hot mature clips, all stashed together in a huge list. If youre looking to meet hot UK MILFS (Mums Id Like to Fuck) for sex in your local area the look no further - Welcome to the largest database of UK MILFS. Finding Milfs Down for Sex Used to Be a Hassle.… MILF Show - categorized sexy milfs porn pictures: uniform, reality, facial, blondes, latina milfs, horny mature moms, stockings, hairy pussy and many more nude. Dudes, that lusty moms name is Laura Bentley. Watch Morning Sex with Hot Milf on Pornhub.com, the best hardcore porn site. SORT: Most Viewed. MomsTeachSex - Cumming On My Hot Stepmoms Big Tits!…
Biggest challenge yet is to find the space you need to do the things you want to do. Everything else is not necessary. Learning how to maximize your lifestyle is the closest you will ever get to true freedom. The less stuff you have, the less space you need. By not needing those things, you will find it much easier to spread your wings. If you want freedom then create the space for it to grow.
The cruelest live little penis humiliation webcam Domme is back! HelenJonson truly dislikes small dick losers, and also after 100 SPH web cam sessions with her, I can claim that this online small dick humiliation web cam Dominatrix never disappointed my need of being enormously degraded due to my pathetic small dick size. To start with, She genuinely dislikes as well as dislikes small dicks. The main factor is straightforward: she enjoys to be banged by huge black penis individuals. Picture if you keeping that useless tiny dick can even go next to satisfy such an unpleasant female. Once you will enter her live SPH webcam chatroom and blink her your pencil dick, you will right away observe she will certainly laugh at your small cock. Really, she will certainly laugh so loud you will certainly repent since every person will certainly listen to her words. Mini cocks like you must never ever attempt to enter these SPH cams, and even if you furiously masturbate to obtain a decent erection, it won’t function. Why? Even if you ever obtain an erection your pitiful small penis won’t be noticed. She is an exceptional London based evil-minded FemDom Dominatrix Web cam and also very typically readily available online to give you the cruelest slave time you have actually ever obtained. This Domme has more than one decade of experience in the BDSM globe and knows precisely how to make you follow as well as obtain a dependancy from her. I have hardly ever seen an Extreme Dominatrix like her. Once you enter this alluring sexy, advanced, classy, real lady, it will certainly get deep right into your mind as well as make you addicted to Her for the rest of your life. I know this is the most awful abuse for you: taking a look at this Mistress as well as not having an opportunity to offer and also follow Her. Miss Jonsson is a premium lady, and you will certainly never ever become her equal. Consequently I need to offer as well as act on her orders. In her eyes, I am disabled. I like to be in Miss Jonsson’s room. It feels so cozy as well as risk-free and a chance to experience her wonderful female perspective the best among the very best. I want to add regarding this femdom Mistress webcam because she enjoys money greater than anything else. She is a best financial Dominatrix and will certainly take care of your wallet much better than yourself. Amount of your invested money is truly crucial, as well as you constantly require to keep in mind this Domme is there not to do something for your money or to just get them if it makes sense. She is on the internet for Her very own satisfaction when she has spare time and also state of mind to see you people with your obsessions and also weird proclivities. She suches as teasing, hide a body like She has is criminal, as well as she takes pleasure in driving you ridiculous, make you weak, useless in front of her, see just how you drooling, just how thrilled you are to orgasm or being refuted. She likes it when in the long run, both sides obtain what they desire, but Her concern, certainly, is FIRST. She appreciate if you work hard to get this money, but male, if you enter her real-time BDSM chat room, you entraped below yourself, so simply let it go, give up to this webcam Mistress and also enjoy conversation with most smart and also premium Domme. As quickly as I joined this cam Goddess’s area, it was obvious who was in charge, without being commanding, she was promptly able to draw out anything she wanted from me. At one point, I educated her of something that annoyed her, as well as I was instantly revealed my area under her magnificent feet. At this stage, I couldn’t visualize intending to escape from her control, and I eagerly anticipate more thorough web cam to webcam training sessions in the future. Repeat, repeatedly, it is difficult to catch Her totally alone and burnt out in Her femdom chatroom( She is a quite busy model), take 121 chat to get Her complete attention.
EXPED’s famous MegaMat built 50% thicker! The 15 cm/6" thick air-core-channeled foam allows the mat to be soft-inflated for an enhanced cradling of the body. Combined with 50-denier stretch top fabric, MegaMat Max offers an unbelievably soft and supple sleep platform. In addition, vertical sidewalls (3-D construction) provide edge-to-edge comfort and gap-free coupling of mats. EXPED's extra-large deflation valve ensures fast deflation and the included top-loading SideWinder stuff sack eases packing and carries over the shoulder. MegaMat Max has at its core 15 centimeters (6”) of just-the-right density, Oeko-Tex 100 certified, open-cell polyurethane foam for support and warmth. In addition, the foam has had cores removed to produce horizontal air-channels, which reduce weight and packed volume. To enhance the cradling effect, like a high-end home-based bed, the mat’s surface is a brushed, stretch tricot nylon that relieves pressure points (hips and shoulders) while evenly supporting the body across all surfaces, head to foot. Because of the open-cell foam, MegaMat Max is self-inflating; when the inflate valve is opened, the foam expands and draws air into the mat. An EXPED Mini Pump is included to top-off the inflation and achieve the preferred firmness. Also, inflate and deflate valves are soft, large, high flow-rate FlatValves™ – an EXPED “firstovation (first-ever innovation). Because the inflate valve is equipped with a one-way flapper, it can very easily be opened during the night and with just the touch of a fingertip, air can be purged to soften the mat if an over-zealous inflation-master set up camp. Another important EXPED firstovation is the construction of the vertical, 3-dimensional sidewalls of the mat. These allow the top surface to extend all the way out to the edge of the mat, without tapering, maximizing the usable sleeping surface, just like a bed at home. - Stretch tricot surface for maximum comfort - Air-core-channeled foam reduces weight and bulk - Extra-large deflation valve for maximum air flow - Sold with easy-to-pack SideWinder™ stuff sack
What People Say About Us Extremely professional and quality work Good folks and know their stuff Mike and the crew are top notch. These guys really do care about making people happy. I will never go anywhere else. Period! Awesome shop good friendly environment and the best prices in town Bought a new car had some problems took it to this shop had me fixed up in no time. Will stand behind their work 100%. All the mechanics are very friendly would recommend to anyone I highly recommend this business. Most people pass by places like this that aren't "well known" names but in this case that's a huge mistake. Back in March I got a flat tire had to get a tow because two bolts on the tire broke during the process of changing the tire. I got towed to Discount Tire they told me they don't fix tire bolts. The tow truck operator told me he would check out Priority Auto but they were already closed according to Google. We drove there to what seemed like a closed shop but the guys although off the clock were helpful and fixed the bolts, put air in the spare tire and and got me back on the road. Very reasonable with pricing and professionalism. THEY DID NOT ATTEMPT TO UP SELL ME! I will be back very soon Had my f150 serviced here today. Was going to cost me an arm and a leg at the dealer and wouldnt be fixed till monday. Need it done asap since we are passing through. Looked up this place since it was close to the hotel. Guys fixed the problem and wasnt what the dealers said it was..thank you guys for getting us back on the road asap. All employees are friendly and make you feel like family. Highly recommend this guys ! Good service, very good actually, knowledgeable staff,speed of service was superb, best low price for oil change and new high end wipers These guys are on it! Just pull in and ask, I have seen a woman show up needed a blinker fixed. Boss had a guy on it right then and there. Knowing them, probably didn't even charge her. I brought my RV there for an AC issue, expecting to have to leave it, they rolled out the AC machine and went right too work. Steve runs a tight shop, knows his stuff, and it won't bust your wallet. I have gotten both of my vehicles worked on through this company, and they have always been amazing and pleasent to deal with. Customer service was very polite and informative. The do get busy because they are highly recommend but they are worth the small wait time to get seen. This company is second to none !!! That dude Steven might be the most honest person I've ever spoken to - If I were local I'd find reasons to take my car there We went on a busy Saturday with two cars, short notice that we needed oil changes and tire rotations. Owner Steven was very accommodating to our situation and had both cars done in no time. We drive from Tucson to have our cars serviced at this location because we know we are getting great quality service. Ask for Mike--he was very kind, helpful, and honest. Great price on tires and excellent customer service from Mike. Will be a return customer. Awesome people to work with. Great prices also. Will definitely keep bringing my vehicle here for maintenance. Keep up the good work. I have a 1998 Ford Taurus, 1.500.000mi. I got the car Serviced. There were parts that needed replacing and leaking fluids. "Radiator and Power Steering" The work was done. I was more than just satisfied. Because I am back on the road in a timely manner. Thanks Excellent customer service!!! Very accommodating and efficient! My husband's car suddenly needed an alternator and our preferred mechanic shop was so busy we had to be scheduled for the weekend or the following week for it to be fixed. Not only did this place fix it for us the same day but they also out-did our go-to location as far as pricing and they fixed it within an hour and a half (if that) AND got my husband back on the road in enough time for him to still have his full lunch hour. My brother is a loyal customer here as well and swears by them. I was not disappointed
Dog Bite Lawyers Suing for Dog Bites Tell Us About Your Case Fill out our form for a FREE case evaluation. We pursue cases for many different types of injuries caused from dog attacks, including: - Pain and suffering - Disfigurement resulting from scars - Bone fracture injury - Nerve damage Contact Kanner & Pintaluga for a free consultation, and let us provide you and your family with dedicated service and get you the compensation you deserve. What Our Clients Are Saying Every attorney espouses their skill and expertise at the negotiation table and in the courtroom, but the real yardstick by which law firms should be judged is the experience of past clients.
24/7 emergency services PRST STD US POSTAGE PAID BOISE, ID PERMIT 411 INSIDE 561.671.5995 | 954.272.6187 www.matthewkoneckypa.com 4440 PGA Blvd, Suite 600 Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Welcoming Change in the New Year page 2 page 2 page 3 page 3 page 4 Get the Most Out of Your Windshield Wiper Blades What Our Clients Are Saying Why Hiring a DUI Attorney Is Crucial Baked Cauliflower Poppers The Best Skiing Destinations in the World 3 of the World’s Greatest Winter Sport Destinations Who’s Ready for Some Powder? The sound of the first carve through fresh powder is the anthem of all winter sports enthusiasts. Here are three of the world’s best places to experience that powder you’ve been craving all year. Breckenridge, Colorado John Denver’s anthem “Rocky Mountain High” is about the freedom he felt here. Where there are great mountains, there’s even better snow. The ski resort boasts five peaks, 187 trails, 34 lifts, four terrain parks, and a renowned cross-country trail. After a day on the slopes, head into the town of Breckenridge for dining and activities that ditch the glitz and glamour of Vail or Aspen and take you straight to the heart of fun. Whistler, British Columbia, Canada that captivates the senses. When you see the mountains of British Columbia, you’ll understand why they hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics. The location’s beauty is only part of your stimulating experience, because every curve of fresh powder makes your pupils dilate. Once you’re done flying down the hill where Bode Miller took the bronze, head over to the winter wonderland of the old Olympic Village for a cozy night in a picturesque town. St. Anton, Austria If you want a great location for next year’s Christmas card photo, there’s no better place than the Tyrolean Alps. Nestled in a valley between perfectly molded mountains, the Austrian landscape provides a beautiful backdrop for your winter excursions. The densely wooded areas and the bright reflection of the snow frame the vibrant town that’s just waiting to be explored. When you’re ready for world-class runs, hop in one of the 11 gondolas and zip down the hills that hosted the 2001 Alpine World Ski Championships. A destination that looks like a cross between Nordic paradise and Olympic- level runs, Whistler is filled with true magic, winter activities, and a town Published by The Newsletter Pro • www.NewsletterPro.com Made with FlippingBook - professional solution for displaying marketing and sales documents online
About Christmas Records Trust A Very Special Christmas was founded by legendary record producer Jimmy Iovine, his then-wife Vicki and Bobby Shriver, son of Special Olympics Founder Eunice Shriver. Originally conceived as a way to pay tribute to Iovine’s late father, the idea quickly evolved to include Special Olympics athletes as the beneficiaries. Since then, ten more A Very Special Christmas albums have been released. In 1997, the Christmas Records Trust was established to manage and distribute assets generated by A Very Special Christmas sales. The Trust, overseen by Chairman Joseph Hakim and Trustees Vicki Iovine, Ossie Kilkenny, Brian Philips, and Bobby Shriver, generated over 3 million dollars in direct support Special Olympics Programs and athletes in 2013.
The i-Fischer® DIST D-1160 CC / FISCHER® AUTODEST® 850 AC is a fully computer controlled unit of turn-key design, according to ASTM D1160. The unit extends the current test method and does not limit your vacuum distillation testing options. Standard(s): ASTM D1160 Features & Benefits The unit extends the current test method and does not limit your vacuum distillation testing options. You are able to define your own tailored program also beyond the current standard. The system is fully housed and equipped with doors in the front and rear to satisfy safety requirements and to facilitate service aspects. Design grants an easy maintenance also by the operator. The analysis protocol is printed out simultaneously to the distillation and the distillation curves in actual boiling temperatures (ACT) and atmospheric equivalent temperatures (AET) as well as essential distillation parameters are shown on the monitor. The final data and the distillation curves are printed and stored on hard disk.
We understand you may become overwhelmed when browsing online with either too much, or not enough information. You may need some help answering questions before making a commmittment to purchase. In any situation, our Art Consultants are here to help. Simply complete the details requested below and we are happy to provide any information you may need. From pricing and availability, to information on framing options, we’re here to help. We will contact you back within 24-48 hours with an answer. If you need immediate assistance, please give us a call.
Mixed emotions as the Abilene Wylie softball season ends in first round SNYDER — A season full of the unknown, along with twists and turns along the way, ended for the Wylie softball team Friday night here at Cates Field. As the final out was made in the 4-3 loss to Vernon in Game 2 of the Region I-4A bi-district playoff series it finished the careers of two seniors, but also signaled the start of a hopeful offseason. Photo Gallery:Wylie softball in bi-district Game 2 against Vernon Before the year started, the Lady Bulldogs (13-13-1) were without key returning players. Then, early in the year a serious injury to junior Madison Owen further altered the lineup. Wylie for several games was without sophomore Bailey Buck, who played third, first and pitched. Through it all, the team pushed on. Much of that was due to the leadership of senior outfielder Shelby Russell and manager Mikey Levieux. "Shelby Russell and Mikey, our manager, they're two major reasons why this season was amazing," Collier said. "I think that's where the heartbreak comes from, these girls, I've never had a team that was this close-knit, that they all worked hard. I can't say there wasn't a girl on this roster who didn't bust her butt every day and, as a coach, that's a dream come true. "I give it to Shelby and Mikey for leading the way they did. This was a fun season, we're just sad to see it end." On most days, the lineup consisted of six new starters and one returning player, Halle Arbilera, was in a new position. Arbilera was moving from outfield to shortstop and then moved to second base with the injury to Owen. Freshman catcher Minely Avila also played third base, sophomore Keetyn Davis played third, first and in the outfield, while freshman shortstop Kylie Barnes also played some first base. By the end of the year, freshmen Courtney House and Kaylin Samulde had played left field with Lilly New, center, and Russell in right field holding down their spots all year. Molly Mason spent some time behind the plate and Kaylee Beard, both sophomores, was in the lineup at designated player. Not to mention sophomore Kaylee Philipp, who was tasked with handling almost all of the pitching duties after getting limited time in the circle last year. “It was amazing, as many new (players) as we had and with injuries it was a rollercoaster of a season,” Collier said. “I love how they knew, ‘I’m going to step up. This is where coach needs me.’ They did it. There were some that played half a season in one spot and in working through some things and found out, ‘That’s a better fit for her.’ I’m just proud they did what was asked of them. They may not have liked it, but they never showed it.” In Game 1 of the series, the Lady Bulldogs showed some of their youth and inexperience losing 4-0. But in the second game, they started to settle in. Wylie pulled within one run twice, but never was able to tie or take a lead after Vernon scored in the bottom of the first. Against a Vernon team that won the Region I-4A championship and went to the state tournament last year, that was just another thing to overcome. “You could tell a difference, I think that does help you,” Collier said. “You could tell, Game 1 they had been there. They were calm, cool, knew what it took. I just loved how we settled down, all sides of the ball, defensively, Kaylee settled down on the mound and relaxed and made some adjustments. Just something to build on, definitely something to build on.” The build will come as the Lady Bulldogs make the jump to Class 5A. Part of the nondistrict schedule this year was to help prepare for the challenges and next year will be no different. “It makes me look forward to, when I do my schedule next year, those tough opponents we played this year that’s something we’re going to do to push them,” Collier said. “I love how they’re hungry. At the end of district, our hashtag was ‘stay hungry’ and we were. I can see how they’re still hungry, they’re not satisfied with this. "Yes, a better team beat us (Friday), they have that experience and all that. I just love the little fire that’s starting in them.” Though there are plenty of reasons to be excited about the future of Wylie softball, the end of 2018 season was tough. “I’m excited that we’ll get this bulk back,” Collier said. “I just wish we could have gone a little longer with our two seniors. That says a lot when your manager makes that much of a difference along with your one senior (player). I’m just proud of them for coming into our program, making that commitment and keeping it. That says a lot, they’re going to be great wherever they go.”
Sally Law joined Ropes & Gray in 2018 as an associate in the real estate group. Her practice is focused on cross-border financing and real estate transactions. Prior to joining Ropes & Gray, Sally worked in a major international law firm in its Hong Kong and London offices during which she completed a half-year client secondment in the legal team of an international bank. - Advising a leading investment bank in a financing for an acquisition of onshore non-performing loan portfolios secured by properties in China. - Advising a leading global bank in a financing for acquisition of a hotel in Hong Kong to be further redeveloped into a commercial building. The following transactions were completed before joining Ropes & Gray: - Advised a leading Chinese bank on term loan facilities granted to an SPV owned by a consortium of PRC investors on the pre-IPO acquisition of a subsidiary of a British data centre company. - Advised a Hong Kong based real estate private equity firm on its onshore and offshore financings for acquisition of two commercial buildings in Shanghai. - Advised a leading Chinese bank on HK$1.49 billion term loan facilities to fund an acquisition of a subsidiary of a privatised company which holds a property in Hong Kong. - Advised a Hong Kong based real estate private equity firm on a HK$2.4 billion term loan facility for financing the construction cost of its residential buildings project in Macau and the refinancing of that facility. - Advised a leading Chinese bank on a HK$3.7billion term loan facility for financing a Chinese real estate group’s acquisition of various onshore construction projects. - Advised a Hong Kong based real estate private equity firm on its onshore and offshore refinancings backed by onshore and offshore security package which includes an onshore property mortgage over a property in Beijing. - Advised a private limited company on its financing for acquiring a target group which holds a shopping mall in Guangzhou and its refinancing. - Advised a leading Chinese bank on a US$206 million term loan facility to a Chinese real estate trust to partially finance its acquisition of two Shanghai properties. - Advised a syndicate of international banks in relation to a US$154.5 million revolving loan facility granted to a computer and telecommunication group backed by onshore and offshore corporate guarantees. - Advised a leading Chinese bank on a HK$3.5 billion term loan facility to a Chinese real estate group for its acquisition of a commercial building in Wanchai. - Advised a leading investment bank on a US$40 million term loan facility to a clean energy solutions development group for financing its existing and future capital expenditure and supplier invoices. - Advised a club of Chinese banks on a US$20 million term loan facility to an Australian mining group for financing its gold mine operations in Western Australia. - Advised a syndicate of international banks on onshore and offshore financings for an Asia-based property developer for its property development in Indonesia. - PCLL, City University of Hong Kong, 2011 - LLB, City University of Hong Kong, 2010
Beissbarth MLD 9000 The MLD 9000 features precise green alignment lasers. Green laser diodes are particularly well visible to the human eye, making usage with the tester efficient. The feature of the lasers gives accurate alignment with the vehicle. The cross-laser function provides precise positioning in the centre of the headlight. The MLD 9000 Headlight Aligner is suitable for usage with all light sources (Xenon, Bi-Xenon, LED, Bi-LED, Halogen) and glare-free high-beam systems (Dynamic Light Assist – DLA, Matrix1, HD-Matrix2, ILS Ford). - Usage with all types of vehicles (passenger cars, commercial vehicles, motorcycles). - Usage with all types of headlights (main headlights, fog lights, auxiliary lights. - Swivel mounted digital LCD colour 7” display touch-screen. - Upper mounted laser vehicle alignment tool for greater accuracy. - 5MP CMOS Camera for real-time image processing. - Measuring system with fresnal lens – designed for future headlight systems. - High-resolution CMOS camera for real-time digital image processing (5MP). - Measurement results in real time optimized with live images. - Reporting of the measurement result possible via PDF.
Gayle King, the host of CBS Mornings, interrogated Vice President Kamala Harris this past Wednesday morning on whether or not the United States was ever planning on sending any physical troops over to Ukraine. The interview took place in the wake of President Joe Biden’s first formal State of the Union Address, in which he stated over and over that the White House would hold to its choice to stand by the other North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) members in their support of and sending aid to Ukraine but would never plan on sending any actual troops into the country to repel the currently happening full-scale Russian invasion. Biden did leave a small out in stating that American troops could be mobilized out to Europe only if President Vladimir Putin tried to stretch his invasion goals to move past the borders of Ukraine and into any member nation of NATO, saying, “Let me be clear, our forces are not engaged and will not engage in conflict with Russian forces in Ukraine. Our forces are not going to Europe to fight in Ukraine, but to defend our NATO Allies – in the event that Putin decides to keep moving west.” King pressed Harris on what it could take to force Biden to change his mind on the pledge he made to not send any American troops into Ukraine, but Harris refused to answer in any way that deviated from the language directly used by the president. “I hear you on that, but those images are heartbreaking to watch. We see innocent civilians being killed, we see children being killed, and the administration has made it clear there will be no boots on the ground,” questioned King. “What will it take? Will anything change that? Will we stand by and watch innocent people continue to be killed here?” “Well, Gail, you’re absolutely right. It’s heart-wrenching. It’s heartbreaking. The image of a missile that fell struck just right next to a children’s playground. The Ukrainians who are, as civilians, taking up defense of their nation out of pride and also an understanding of what is at stake in terms of their vitality and their independence. So it is heart-wrenching, to be sure,” answered Harris. However, the Vice Preisdent went on to reiterate the administrations current position, adding, “But I will tell you, the president is clear. We are clear. We are not going to put U.S. troops in Ukraine to fight the Russians, not on the ground and not in the air. But we are going to continue working with our allies to one, defend every inch of territory as it relates to NATO territory. But also, we will continue to do with the billions of dollars of humanitarian, security, and military assistance that we have been providing Ukraine. There is so much at stake, and each day we reevaluate and do more to make sure that we are supporting the Ukrainian people.” “And President Zelensky, who I met with just about a week ago in Munich. He has shown extraordinary courage,” concluded the Vice President. “And in this moment, I think he has been an inspiration to all of us.”
Track every detail about your vehicles and equipment from cradle to grave. Schedule and automate in-house and third-party maintenance processes. Simplify fuel data collection and gain insight into costs and fuel economy. Maintain control of small equipment and tools from anywhere. NEW Stay on top of preventative maintenance tasks for every asset. Maintain compliance with electronic inspections. Plan, schedule and track service tasks and costs. Parts & Inventory Track part quantities, record usage and reorder with ease. Resolve issues quickly to maximize uptime. Assign vehicles and equipment to drivers and operators. Understand the true cost of running your fleet. Access and update fleet information from anywhere. Capture all your fleet data in one place with seamless integrations. Streamline third-party maintenance provider orders, approvals and billing. GPS & Telematics Sync odometer readings, manage DTC alerts and view current asset locations. Automatically import fuel transactions and receive alerts for invalid odometers. Increase efficiency and profitability of delivery routes. Track vehicles and landscaping equipment with ease. Stay on time and on budget for every job. Trucking & Freight Integrate with ELD and improve efficiency. Streamline operations to keep vehicles on the road. Owners & Executives Improve profitability and drive more revenue. Capture all of your fleet data in one place. Fleetio’s proactive maintenance program helps AAA achieve near-perfect on-time maintenance compliance. Cherrylake saves time and money by centralizing all fleet operations into a single system. Careers We're Hiring! Fleet Maintenance Spreadsheet Fuel Log Spreadsheet Vehicle Inspection Form Preventive Maintenance Schedule Parts Inventory Spreadsheet Work Order Template Vehicle Replacement Calculator Considerations Before Choosing Fleet Software Improving Team Collaboration Fleetio Go is free for all Fleetio users. Learn More Have a question about Fleetio? Ask our Sales Team! We typically respond within one hour during business hours (M-F 8am-5pm Central).
How Do Virtual Private Servers Work? If you are managing a heavy resource-demanding web site with an ever-growing number of visitors, page views and file downloads, but cannot afford a dedicated hosting server solution to cope with the increased load, then have a look at our cost-effective virtual private server. The Virtual Private Servers Hosting Service Described 1 GB RAM 30 GB Storage 2 GB RAM 50 GB Storage A VPS (Virtual Private Server) ensures an insulated shared hosting environment whereby the entire amount of CPU, RAM memory, hard disk storage space and web traffic resources is allotted to you exclusively – as if you had a dedicated server hosting account. When you order your virtual private server from Pro Host Z, you are given the option to pick between two state-of-the-art data centers – Steadfast in Chicago, United States, & Pulsant in London, UK, and we recommend you to choose the one nearest to your location, so that you and your web site's guests can be served quicker. With Pro Host Z's virtual private hosting servers, you can select an Operating System and install your own software configurations (you obtain full root access). What's more, you can reboot your private virtual web server at any particular moment, keep track of the resource usage and check your traffic stats in real time. You can select between KVM & OpenVZ VPS hosting packages, and if you need support managing your Virtual Private Server, you can try the additional administration services offered by us. Pro Host Z Virtual Private Servers – A Web Hosting Solution Optimized for Your Demands For the sake of clients owning data-loaded sites, at Pro Host Z we provide the Memcached distributed memory caching system and the Varnish Cache web application accelerator, which will enormously increase the loading speed of your web site and lower the server load. It's good to point out that Pro Host Z's virtual private servers offer PostgreSQL, InnoDB and NodeJS support, so power users can find all the flexibility and high-performance tools they require.
Introduction Spearfishing in Egypt Egypt is home to the Giza Pyramids and Sphinx with an extensive collection of tombs. World-class marine destinations surround it with diverse marine life and numerous reefs. This article will give information and explain about Spearfishing in Egypt that can be used as the guidelines when want to Spearfishing in Egypt How to Spearfishing in Egypt - Know about the Equipment and Gear before spearfishing in Egypt - Learn about the water change and tide when spearfishing in Egypt - Know about rules and regulation when spearfishing in Egypt - Best spearfishing for in Egypt– Spearfishing 5′ Fiber Glass Travel 2piece Hawaiian Sling Pole Spear 3 Tips Set - Best Knife for hunting in Egypt– Skorpion Knife - Best Gloves for hunting in Egypt– NeopSkin Water Gloves, 3mm & 5mm Neoprene Five Finger Warm Wetsuit Winter Gloves for Scuba Diving Snorkeling Paddling Surfing Kayaking Canoeing Spearfishing Skiing (3mm-Black, S) - Best Wetsuit for spearfishing in Egypt–Lemorecn Wetsuits Jumpsuit Neoprene 3/2mm Full Body Diving Suit(3031,M) - Best Fish Finder for spearfishing in Egypt–Garmin 010-01550-00 Striker 4 with Transducer, 3.5″ GPS Fishfinder with Chirp Traditional Transducer The Red Sea, for example, is a perfect location for snorkeling, diving, and other underwater activities. It is also an incredible location for spearfishing adventures. But is spearfishing legal in Egypt? What are spearfishing tips for beginners? What are the top spearfishing locations in other countries? What are the other underwater activities you should try? Good questions! And you have come to the right place. In this article, you will know them all. Without further, let’s get started! Why Do People Engage in Spearfishing in Egypt? Spearfishing has been around since ancient times. For thousands of centuries, traditional fishing has remained alive, and people from all over the world have been practicing the method. It’s no surprise as the traditional fishing approach is a relaxing recreation. The marine life, including corals, sea horses, halibut, Marlin, and rock formation, relieves the mind, satisfies expectations, and boosts adrenalin. Spearfishing also guarantees a fresh catch. It is ergonomically better and eco-friendly. It promotes self-discipline, camaraderie, and other good qualities for enthusiasts or anglers. |Cressi Apache, Black, 75||Prime||Buy Now| |Mares Bandit Sling Band Speargun||Prime||Buy Now| |JBL D8 New Super Carbine Speargun (D-8) (AP-350)||Prime||Buy Now| |BEUCHAT Marlin Speargun Handle with Trigger Mechanism for Spearfishing, Freediving, and Scuba Diving||Prime||Buy Now| |Cressi SL Star, 40 cm||Prime||Buy Now| |ROB ALLEN ALUMINUM TUNA RAILGUN SPEARGUN WITH OPEN MUZZLE - ALL LENGTHS (120CM)||Prime||Buy Now| |JBL Explorer 85 Speargun (4X85)||Prime||Buy Now| |SALVIMAR Metal Spear Gun 75cm||Prime||Buy Now| |Scuba Choice 5' Travel Spearfishing Two-Piece Fiber Glass Pole Spear 3 Prong Barb Paralyzer and Bag||Prime||Buy Now| |AB Biller Wood Mahogany Special Spear Gun Spearfishing Kit, 42", Mahogany||Prime||Buy Now| |Beuchat Espadon Sport Speargun (500 (50cm))||Prime||Buy Now| |Koah Shortie 38in Enclosed-Track Mahogany Speargun||Prime||Buy Now| Is it Legal Spearfishing in Egypt? No, spearfishing is not allowed in Egypt. The activity is banned in the Mediterranean Sea, the Red Sea, the River Nile, and more. The government banned spearfishing to protect marine life diversity. For the past, the number of aquatic resources has declined. With the implementation of strict laws, the situation has alleviated. Alternative Water Activities in Egypt Good news! Egypt allows for other breathtaking water activities. These include snorkeling and diving. Where are the locations to explore this 2020? Well, the number of destinations is quite overwhelming. Alexandria is a perfect start. There are bright corals, fishes, and other creatures you can witness. For your next day, enjoy the remains of Cleopatra’s palace, Napoleonic Battle of the Nile, and other historical attractions. Another dive site in the Red Sea is The Brothers. They are home to big fish like sharks, leveling up your travel experience. The corals are also incredible. Other popular options include Dahab, El Gouna, El Quseir, Hurghada, Marsa Alam, Safaga, St John’s and the Deep South, Sharm El Sheikh, and more. Best Spearfishing Locations around the Globe Where can you engage in spearfishing activities without breaking the laws? There’s a multitude of options to pick. Some of them are listed below: - Kailua-Kona in Hawaii Hawaii is perfectly suited for any underwater hunting adventures like spearfishing. More than the jaw-dropping beaches, the locale has become popular for the exciting variety of fish. For beginners, it’s hard to learn the Hawaiian sling. But Kailua-Kona is good to go. There are trusted experts you can count on. There is state-of-the-art equipment to take advantage of, too. Kailua-Kona is home to colorful reefs where you can find diverse marine life. Popular options include Bluespotted Grouper, Giant Trevally, and Blacktail Snapper. If you want to take a new challenge, Mahi-Mahi and Wahoo will level up your experience. - The Azores in Portugal The Azores has been a spearfishing spot for many spearos. But its popularity skyrocketed when spear fisherman Paulo Alfonso caught a 240 lb. Bigeye Tuna and set a world record. Today, anglers from different corners of the globe flock in the Azores. The place provides countless species to catch, including Mahis, large Amberjacks, odd Marlin, Barracudas, Tuna, Yellowfin, Albacore Tuna, and Giant Blueye. - San Diego in California Called as America’s Finest City, San Diego is also one of the largest fisheries in the US. It offers a range of big species that you can find all year round. For beginners, the inshore reefs and Mission Bay Jetty should be your top destination. More than the Calico Bass and Spiny Lobster, you can find a great number of Sheepshead, Halibut, Seabass, Yellowtail Amberjack, Bluefin Tuna, Yellowfin, and sharks. Other spearfishing locations include the Krabi of Thailand, Cozumel of Mexico, Key West of Florida, Bali, Japan, The Florida Keys, Cape Verde in Africa, North Carolina, Block Island, and more. Spearfishing Tips for Beginners Have you ever tried spearfishing? How’s the experience? It’s addicting, isn’t it? The adrenaline rush is intense as you uncover a range of underwater attractions. Of course, you engage in spearfishing adventure to capture your target. But you might go home without a fresh catch. Or, you might encounter an accident or suffer from an injury. It’s all normal for a beginner and even advanced spearos. To improve your skills and promote safety during a spearfishing activity, here are experts-recommended tips you should bear in mind: - Your Safety Should Be a Top Priority Spearfishing can be fun. But the dangers are greater than you have ever imagined. You might get tangled in fishing nets. You might encounter dangerous sea creatures, too. For your safety and convenience, it’s ideal for diving with a skilled buddy. Spearfishing causes shallow water blackouts. This happens when the brain does not receive enough oxygen. Anglers only have 2 minutes to take action before brain damage occurs. So, spearfishing with skilled spearos is advisable. - Use Sturdy and Reliable Dive Knife Dive knives can play a critical role in maintaining safety and effective fishing. When you’re trapped in the net, you can free yourself from the ropes and other spearfishing materials. So, use a durable and reliable knife. - Research Your Chosen Spearfishing Location There are many destinations where you can participate in spearfishing adventures. For beginners, it’s important to research before diving into the water. Is a spot known for rough waters and tough terrain? Therefore, choose the location that best suits your skills as an angler. - Improve Your Spearfishing Skills Spearfishing is a skill that does not happen overnight. It is a life-long process that requires extra effort and time to master. Of course, self-discovery learning is not enough to unleash your hidden capabilities. It’s crucial to find a mentor or a skilled friend. - Using a Pole Spear is a Great Start Spearguns are a go-to option for spearfishing enthusiasts. However, it is tricky to use for beginners. Use a pole spear instead of learning the art of spearfishing. Aside from the convenience, the tool is inexpensive. Hunting with the tool is an opportunity to learn how to move in the water. That’s not all! You will also understand other fundamentals. Most importantly, spend time studying specific laws in your chosen spearfishing location. HAPPY HUNTING!
- Coronavirus News - Student News - Submit News Volunteers are needed to help staff graduation ceremonies Saturday, Dec. 18. Volunteering provides a great opportunity to interact with students, their families, and other faculty and staff who make commencement happen. Volunteers are needed for the 10 a.m. ceremony and the 3:30 p.m. ceremony. If you are an exempt employee and your supervisor allows, you can use flex time that week. If you are interested in volunteering for either or both Dec. 18 ceremonies, please contact Krista Chambers, commencement coordinator, at email@example.com by Thursday, Dec. 1.
Our Brooke bottoms feature a seamless fit, high cut legs, low coverage bottom, marble swirl pattern and fully lined gusset. Pair with the matching top (sold separately) or pair with florals for a funky mixed-pattern look! Fit: True to size. Low coverage. Arianna is wearing a size S. 82% Nylon 18% Spandex
RESEALS OF PROBATE OR ADMINISTRATION When a Grant of Probate (or a Grant of Letters of Administration) is obtained in another Australian State or Territory, it is sometimes necessary to have that Grant “resealed” in Tasmania. A Grant made overseas may also need to be resealed in Tasmania. The requirements of the Administration & Probate Act 1935 (Tasmania), the Probate Rules 1936 (Tasmania) and the procedures of the Probate Registry of the Supreme Court of Tasmania must be satisfied to obtain a reseal. Where an estate has assets located in an overseas jurisdiction, we have the experience and contacts to obtain the necessary reseal or other probate/succession law procedure in that jurisdiction, utilising our network of expert local agents. Some examples of the countries in which we have done so in recent years include the United Kingdom, South Africa, and Greece. In many cases where a reseal is required, those administering the estate will be based outside of Tasmania. We provide a full range of Estate Administration services in those circumstances, so that the Tasmanian aspects of the estate can be properly finalised in accordance with Tasmanian law and practice. For lawyers outside Tasmania, the benefit of using our services as agent include that our Estate & Trust Administration lawyers are experts in what they do, communicate in a timely and effective way when working with colleagues, and regularly provide agency services to other lawyers with proven results.
Thursday, April 14, 2016 The Letter L The A To Z Challenge ....Spencer Tracy starred with Gene Tierney (Plymouth Adventure) and she starred in... 1. LAURA-1944-FILM NOIR MYSTERY DIRECTOR: Otto Preminger STARS: Gene Tierney, Dana Andrews, Clifton Webb, Vincent Price, Judith Anderson PLOT: Cop checks out the murder of a beautiful sophisticate, when he sees her portrait, he falls in love....... QUOTE: I don't use a pen. I write with a goose quill dipped in venom. OSCAR NOMS: Best Screenplay, Best Art Direction, Best Supporting Actor OSCAR WINS: Cinematography (B & W) LOVE: the acid tongue of Waldo Lydecker FAVOURITE SCENE: Lydecker in the bathtub FAVOURITE CHARACTER: Waldo Lydecker naturally:) TIDBITS: Rouben Mamoulian was originally supposed to direct and ignored Otto's suggestions (who was a producer). Nothing worked right so Mamoulian left and Otto came in. he scraped everything Mamoulian did which did not bode well with the former director. Cue the cats hissing at each other. By the way, the musical score became a major hit and the painting is a photograph enhanced by paint strokes. This is for you Stephen:) SIX DEGREES (MORE OR LESS) OF SEPARATION: Gene Tierney starred with Spencer Tracy (Plymouth Adventure) who starred with Katherine Hepburn ( Woman of the Year). Hepburn was directed by David Lean (Summertime) who directed Omar Sharif (Lawrence of Arabia) and Omar Sharif starred in.... 2. THE LAST VALLEY-1971-EPIC DRAMA DIRECTOR: James Clavell STARS: Omar Sharif, Michael Caine, Florinda Bolkan, Nigel Davenport, Madeleine Hinde PLOT: A man, running from the the 30 years war and plague that has decimated Germany, comes across a beautiful valley untouched by war. Soon a group of crusaders also find this village and stay in for the winter. Tired of war, fighting for God, they contemplate what it all means. QUOTE: Don't talk to me of God. We killed God at Magdeburg (actually my grandfather's hometown) OSCAR NOMS: Nil OSCAR WINS: Nil LOVE: the beautiful music and the writing FAVOURITE SCENE: A horrible scene actually-the burning of the witch. Shocks me to this day and I saw this at the drive in when I was 7..by accident. we went to see Tidal Wave starring Lorne Greene and this film was on before Tidal Wave. I always remembered it. Glad I found the film many years later FAVOURITE CHARACTER: The Captain (Michael Caine) TIDBITS:The actor Martin Miller was set to star in the film and died, on set before he actually started. The film tanked at the box office but it, to me is a case of bad timing since this type of film was out of fashion. If you get a chance, try to find the score on youtube and have a listen. Michael caine gave one of his best performances. SIX DEGREES (MORE OR LESS) OF SEPARATION:back tracking a bit....Omar Sharif starred with Peter O'Toole (Lawrence of Arabia) who starred with Katherine Hepburn (Lion In Winter) who....:)
I recently received a fake cashier’s check for $130,000. The check was supposed to pay the amounts due to a client under his severance agreement. It turned out the client, the entire client relationship and all the communications I received were fraudulent and part of an elaborate scam, presumably designed to get me to deposit the fake cashier’s check and send my good hard-earned money to the scammers. I never deposited the check and thus I am not out the money, but I wanted to publish all the details to make sure others are forewarned about how sophisticated scammers have become. First is a link to all of the emails I exchanged with the fake client. I often receive clients through the internet, but generally I have at least one phone call with them before I am engaged. RED FLAG NUMBER ONE is that I never spoke to this client. You will also note that the fake client wanted a contingency relationship rather than to pay an hourly fee, this didn’t make sense as I didn’t expect to spend a lot of time resolving the case, so why would he want to pay me 15% of a recovery. RED FLAG NUMBER TWO is that anything that is too good to be true likely is. One of the reasons that I took the engagement is that the case looked like a slam dunk. The scammers had put together, letters, emails and a real severance agreement that made a very strong case for payment. Here are the backup documents the scammers sent before I took the case. I also looked up the alleged employer and it was a very big company, so the whole story still seemed pretty plausible at this point. RED FLAG NUMBER THREE happened almost as soon as I had taken the case. I received an email from the employer stating they knew I had been engaged and they would send the payment right way. This was strange because I had expected to send letters and emails and to have phone calls to resolve the matter. This had happened far too easily and quickly, but again it was not impossible. They even had a real looking email address, so that wasn’t a particular red flag. Only two days later my office actually received a FEDEX with a check for $130,000. The FEDEX looked like it was from San Jose, California, but when I checked the tracking it had been sent from Upton Connecticut, this was strange and definitely RED FLAG NUMBER FOUR. Enclosed in the FEDEX was a transmittal letter which looked normal enough. Although I had sent an LinkedIn message to the author, I hadn’t received a response, so I looked up the real number for the Company online (instead of the number provided) and I called the sender to ask if they had really sent the check and the letter. I left messages and called 3 different people including the AP clerk asking for someone to get back to me. RED FLAG NUMBER FIVE was that the phone number of the letter didn’t match with want I found online. The check itself was RED FLAG NUMBER SIX. The check is printed on real check stock with watermarks and everything looks good including the signatures, but there is one oddity. The logo on the check is for HSBC bank, but the named bank is Citibank. I checked the routing number and it was a Citibank routing number on the East Coast, but this was all just too off at this point. I then received a call back from the real CFO of the company. He said I was the 13th Lawyer to call him with the same scam, that it started a couple weeks ago, and I was hopefully at the tail end. He said it was all definitely faked. I then took the check to Citibank and verified it was indeed a fake check. Although I didn’t get that far, the next step would have been for me to send money to my client based on an invalid cashier’s check. Although It didn’t happen, I would have been responsible for the over $110,000 payment back to my bank, if I had sent the money when the Cashier’s check came back as a fake. It doesn’t matter that it was a fraud, my Bank would have looked to me to make good two weeks later when the check came back as fraudulent. If there is a lesson to be learned, it is that you need to follow your instincts and have good procedures that you don’t break. When a client won’t call you back, don’t continue in the relationship, and NEVER EVER SEND MONEY BASED ON A CASHIER’S CHECK – unless funds are actually wired to your account, they likely aren’t really there.
As I said previously, in March (in New York Timeline (1913)), I’m totally fascinated by Rudolph Valentino’s first years in the USA; particularly those spent in and around New York from 1913 to 1917. Forty two or so months crammed with incident; six months of which are, apparently, an impenetrable void. This month, June, I look in some detail at 1914 — one of his most difficult years. Anyway, here is: New York Timeline (1914). For Marchese Guglielmi the first few months of 1914 are, for-want-of-a-better-phrase, a Social Whirl. Determined to put behind him his miserable Festive Period, he plunges into the dance-mad city of New York. His accommodation, Giolito’s, at 108-110 W. 49th St., is situated just east of Broadway, ten blocks south of Central Park, ten or so more north west, of the gleaming and glistening, newly-opened Grand Central Station, and a quick walk away from several exciting afternoon and evening establishments. At which, by all accounts, he becomes a regular. He calls on his fellow S. S. Cleveland passenger, Miss Eleanor Post, and they go riding in Central Park at least once. He also pays a visit and introduces himself (with a letter of introduction), to Social Butterfly, Schuyler L. Parsons Jr.; who invites him to remain for dinner and then join the various guests, when they go out to dance until the early hours. Miss Post had, along with Marion Herrion, been the young woman who’d enjoyed many hours dancing the latest dances, with Rodolfo Guglielmi, in the Second Class dining room. (Their friendship didn’t last.) Mr. Parsons, meanwhile, was a person whose name appeared in the press with alarming regularity, as an attendee, of dinner and theatre parties, dance parties and other exclusive society events. It’s interesting that he featured in an amateur film, The Flame of Kapur (1916), as a villain, not dissimilar to the sort played by Valentino a few years later. (He was to be a friend of Rudy’s right to the end.) Rodolfo continues to socialise hopeful it’ll lead to something. He reacquaints himself with three Paris friends: brothers Count Otto and Count Alex. von Salm-Hoogstraeten, and their friend, Georges/George T. Aranyi. The trio are in the US to play tennis, and Rodolfo no doubt watches them, at the National Indoor Championship Tournament, at the Seventh Regiment Armoury, 643 Park Avenue, in mid. February. Afterwards, in the evenings, the quartet enjoy nights out. Austrians, Otto and Alex., and Frenchman George, too, were seemingly all a little older than their Italian playmate. (Otto was born in 1886 and Alex. (who would perish during WW1) in 1890.) So being in their company would’ve been something of an education for someone not yet 19. I personally don’t believe that the Salms taught Valentino to tango at the Central Park Zoo, as his female fellow passengers on the Cleveland said he already knew it. However, there’s no doubt they taught him other things, and that he was a willing Pupil. The addiction of New Yorkers at this time to dancing is clear when we peruse the city’s newspapers and see how often it’s mentioned. At the start of the month a report states that the Pope has neither banned the Tango nor endorsed La Furlana. A review, days later, of The Laughing Husband, an operetta at the Knickerbocker Theatre, reveals how “Graceful Steps [Of] A New Sort” had been added to the U. S. adaptation, and that the chorus did “The Tango”. (You can listen to a medley here.) On the 9th, we see a story about 2,000 waiters, trotting, tangoing, dipping, maxixeing, and hesitating, at the Manhattan Waiters’ Association Annual Ball. (In many instances with each other.) On the 14th, we view fourteen recent or expected social gatherings, of which seven included dancing. The 17th saw the Castles, Vernon and Irene, explaining to Marguerite Mooers Marshall, a columnist, how to dance the Half and Half. And at the close of February, we learn that the Arabian Nights Ball, on the 26th, at the Folies Marigny, had begun at midnight, and had been: “… JUST ONE DANCE AFTER ANOTHER.” Thanks to high living and nightly shenanigans, with the Salms, Aranyi, and with others, Rodolfo’s funds are dwindling; and as he commences the month, he begins to appreciate he’s unable to continue in the same fashion as in January and February. In order to save money he quits his quarters at Giolito’s, and moves to less expensive, unknown, Uptown rooms. Knowing he’ll soon have to find employment, he’s also eager to seriously improve his basic English. He understands that what he learned at Nervi won’t be sufficient for him to be able to work, and he’ll be unable to improve it, while he’s surrounded by fellow Italians. His departure from Giolito’s isn’t fixed in stone and it could easily have occurred in February. The reason being, that the position he secured as a Gardener (thanks to a letter of introduction (from his older brother Alberto), to outgoing Commissioner of Immigration, William Williams), commenced after the snow had melted. As I only saw bad snow reported locally in early March, and not later, we have to accept the possibility he was out of his initial accommodation earlier than was previously thought. Maybe even by the middle of February. After some work, which included planting rhododendrons (which are still there and are referred to as ‘Rudy’s Rhodos’), his employment with Mr. Bliss, at his estate, at Brookville, outside the city on Long Island, abruptly ends, after he crashes a borrowed motorcycle. It’s also an issue that the return of Mrs. Bliss, from Europe, has ended plans for an Italian garden. Rodolfo himself isn’t enjoying being so far from Manhattan. And isn’t too pleased to be eating his meals with the other servants. Cornelius N. Bliss Jr., a kind-hearted type, then President of the New York Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor, provides him with a letter of introduction, to the New York City Parks Commissioner, Louis F. La Roche. He also, amazingly, provides him with a small weekly allowance so that he can manage in the short term. Rudy returns to Manhattan, able, just about, to manage on his recent earnings, and his allowance from Bliss. Despite his worsening situation, it seems, from time-to-time, that he’s still able to enjoy the cafes and restaurants. Rodolfo Guglielmi doesn’t grasp that Mr. and Mrs. Bliss are two people who, in time, could’ve seriously helped him with a career as a Landscape Gardener. However, he did understand he was a million miles from entering, or being accepted in, Society. Painfully aware. And this was something of a problem for him. After resettling back in the city, sometime in May, Rodolfo secures a less pleasant position as an Apprentice Park Gardener. He works the majority of the month. But eventually discovers that he’s unable to continue working, as the apprenticeship exam is open only to American citizens. By now Cornelius N. Bliss Jr.’s small allowance has probably ceased. The little he’s earned in May is disappearing. And he searches for some other kind of employment. It’s probably in May and June that he goes to the Waldorf-Astoria, one of the great New York hotels, to write on the their fine stationery to his mother (to reassure her that he’s alright and is doing well). That he eventually revealed this to his family, is known, thanks to his older brother, Alberto, mentioning it in a lengthy interview in 1977. He manages to secure a position as a Bank Teller. However, due to poor English, or an inability to calculate quickly enough, or both, he loses this job. And is once again forced to look for another vacancy. It’s now, in mid. June, that he catches the eye of ‘Dickie’ Warner – true name Richard H. Warner – a blonde, blue-eyed man in his late twenties, who’s as much of a Social Moth as Schuyler L. Parsons Jr.. Apparently, Dickie sees him: “… seated at the opposite side of the dancing space in company of several friends.” After a formal introduction they converse. And days later he invites him to dinner on the roof of the Ritz-Carlton Hotel. On that warm evening, they afterwards sit drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes, and Rodolfo opens his heart to the near stranger. Telling him he’s a foreigner in a foreign land. Isn’t getting anywhere in his profession. And is: “… too proud to seek aid from his family.” Dickie’s sympathetic and tells Rudy he can move into his apartment with him until things improve. Which, the very next day, he does. Warner helping him to pack his possessions at his “anything but cheerful” lodgings. Thus commences a quite lengthy and comfortable stay, at Dickie Warner’s gorgeously decorated two room studio, at 78 West 55th Street. Rudy wakes late each day; lounges about in pyjamas in Warner’s tulip wood bed; plays with the cat, Prunella; and talks on the telephone to his girlfriends. His host is irritated by his poor English but doesn’t mind his singing. (The song that he sings most often is Mamma Mia.) Warner’s detailed – too detailed to be fabricated – account, which was published in the early Twenties, in a piece entitled, Before They Were Famous, in SCREENLAND, reveals much about Rudy half way through 1914. He continues to frequent some of the places he enjoyed earlier that year as and when he can. Has friends. And is still able to dress and present himself well. Warner remembered: “… distinctly, his dress suit, also the handiwork of a tailor in Taranto.” This pretty much proves false, the claim that Frank A. Mennillo took him to his New York tailor, to kit him out in more suitable, American garb. He was in May and June still wearing all of the garments he’d carried with him at the end of the previous year. So far he’s moved from Giolitos, to Uptown, then out to Long Island, then back to Manhattan. (He also appears to have been in Brooklyn at some point in order to be able to save money.) Living with Dickie facilitates indolence. For the time being, at least, he seems in no hurry to do anything, except laze, pet Prunella, and speak for hours on the telephone. According to his host a stay of a few days stretches to many weeks. In my estimation at least a month to six weeks. Rudy continues to live with Dickie. At some point the pair enjoy a trip to Long Beach; for so long, that Warner is forced to wire a friend in the city, and get them to climb through a window, in order to feed the cat. At the end of the month World War One breaks out in Europe. However, as neither Italy nor America are initially involved, it doesn’t yet affect Rodolfo Guglielmi, or, his family. After six or so weeks his stay with Warner ends. Where he goes next isn’t too clear. Yet it’s certain about now is when things begin to get very tough. For the next eight weeks he goes from poorly-paid job to poorly-paid job. He washes dishes, cleans automobiles, and polishes brass; anything that will give him enough money to be able to eat and pay for a place to sleep. This is a period where he’ll move about even more frequently, staying a week here, then a week there. Always moving. He’s forced to pawn his belongings. What’s left is kept by a Landlady that he’d been unable to pay. In later years, he told Norma Talmadge a story about walking five miles to City Hall, in order to find work, and, after failing to, how he’d bought a “bologna sandwich” with his very last ten cents, before walking the five miles back. The fact Norma recalled such a story, in 1938, again shows he couldn’t possibly have had a Godfather during this time. Nineteen-year-old Rodolfo continues to suffer. He eats at one, perhaps all, of the Horn & Hardart Co. Automats, on Broadway, Sixth Avenue and West 42nd St. And he sleeps at the downbeat, Mills Hotel, which charges 12 cents per night. When he can’t even afford that he doesn’t eat and sleeps on a bench in Central Park. (He also sleeps under the shrubbery and in all-night cinemas.) There’s absolutely no evidence nineteen-year-old Rudolph Valentino was forced to commit any crime in order to survive; but we must consider the possibility he may have had no choice. It’s interesting, that in a letter home, he feels that any work is better than a life of crime. And it’s in this letter, according to the family, that he reveals he’d come very close to compromising his honour. So if he didn’t commit a crime it was certainly on his mind. The disappearance of the contents of his police file, decades ago, doesn’t allow us to be sure one way or the other. In a report, in The New-York Tribune, in 1910, vagrants were only arrested if they were considered to be a ‘Cadet’ — in-other-words, a person learning to be a street criminal. If they were, they were discharged, sent to a work house, or, fined. If Rudy slept on a park bench, he would simply be moved along; as Anthony Dexter was, as Valentino, in Valentino (1951). (A rare instance of accuracy in an otherwise largely inaccurate film.) Broke and homeless things are so bleak that Rudy contemplates suicide. Then a Mystery Man he meets changes his luck. The person, apparently an Italian, takes him under his wing, shares his food and his bed, talks to him, gives him advice, and perhaps allows his guest to get a wash and to shave. The next day, or soon afterwards, after the suggestion, Rodolfo heads to Maxim’s/Cafe Maxim to speak to the piano player (who’s from Taranto). The piano player suggests talking to the Head Waiter there. When he does, The Head Waiter recalls him from earlier in the year, and offers him work as a dance partner for hire. (To dance with females who aren’t already accompanied by a male.) He accepts and commences that month. There’s no pay, but he can eat for free, keep any tips, and use an upper room, with a Victrola, to give dance instructions on the side. A different version of Rodolfo’s spell as a dancer, at Cafe Maxim, is found in the owner, Julius Keller’s, 1939 memoir, Inns and Outs. Keller claims that he himself hired him. And that Rudy had been washing cars at a nearby garage. Keller says that he found the young man to be “dark and romantic in appearance”. Whether it was Keller’s or another proprietor’s innovation isn’t clear. But dance partners for hire were far from unique to Maxim’s. They were very much looked down upon at the time as it was considered to be an unsuitable profession for a Real Man. Maxim’s was, along with Sherry’s, Delmonico’s, Luchow’s, Churchill’s, Rectors, Murray’s, and a few other venues, a restaurant that allowed patrons to dance. Their adverts in September declared that it was the “COOLEST and BEST VENTILATED DINING ROOM in TOWN”. That luncheon was just 60c. That dancing was from noon to close. And the cabaret was after 6:30 p. m. Dark, romantic Rodolfo Guglielmi swiftly enhances his natural ability, and is an instant success with patrons. He returns to being a Marchese; but, perhaps due to the French atmosphere of the establishment, tells customers he’s a Marquis. By now he has many regular female dance partners. And these varied ladies generously tip him and shower him with small gifts. In the third or fourth week of the month, Bonnie Glass (“the most original young person in the [dancing] profession”), and her former dance partner, Clifton Webb, arrive at Cafe Maxim and take a table. Glass has asked Webb to assist her in searching for a talented new partner, and they soon notice: “… a remarkably handsome, dark young man named Rudolph.” Bonnie is impressed by his tango and, on the spot, offers him the job. He tells her frankly that he doesn’t have the money to pay for the clothing required. And she tells him that she’ll cover the cost. In Clifton Webb’s posthumously published autobiography, Sitting Pretty: the Life and Times of Clifton Webb, 2011, the then very notable Bonnie Glass had recently returned from Chicago. Checking her engagements in late 1914 I saw this to be the case. (She’d danced in Chicago recently with Al. Davis.) And so I trust both Clifton Webb’s memory and his story. It seems Bonnie had a partner – George Richmond – but he was temporary. And, as she had plans for 1915, that included re-opening the grille of Cafe Boulevard, at Broadway and 41st Street, as Cafe Montmartre, she required somebody reliable who’d be available nightly. (For me this settles once and for all the question of how they met and came to be a successful Act.) It’s easy to imagine Rudy’s delight in being singled out by Bonnie and Clifton after they’d left and it all began to sink in. In no-time-at-all he would be able to quit the establishment and leave behind him, perhaps forever, the life of a Taxi Dancer — a life he found more than a little distasteful. During the first two weeks of the month Rodolfo rehearses with Bonnie in the mornings and continues to work as a hired dancer, at Maxim’s, in the afternoons and evenings. He likewise continues to be the favourite of several ladies (as mentioned by Keller in Inns and Outs). And utilises the upper room, with the Victrola, to provide private instruction for a fee. Mid. December, he dances for the first time with Glass, at Rector’s, in front of their “stage setting”, for an elegant New York audience seated amidst “fronded palms”. He’ll continue to do so for the rest of the month. And, though he fails to be credited at this point in any adverts, he’s buoyed by the realisation that bigger things lie ahead of him in 1915. In only a matter of months he’s turned his life completely around. This year, the Festive Period will not be the lonely, upsetting affair it was twelve months before. Thank you so much for reading this post. As always, the sources are available to anyone who contacts me, if they’re not already embedded into the text, or added as an image. This latest timeline will be followed by others looking at the years 1915 to 1917. And I’ve planned standalone posts for his 1916 arrest and also the missing half year. See you all in July!
DATE: Sunday July 26th, 2015 STAGE: The Garrison House ADDRESS: 111C, Unit 2 Garrison Village Drive, Niagara-on-the-Lake, ON L0S 1J0 TIME: 12:00PM – 3:00PM TICKET PRICE: Free Rayburn Blake – Guitarist Frankie Hart – Guitarist Rayburn, founding member and guitarist of Mashmakhan, Riverson and The Lisa Hartt Band. Toured on The Festival Express Train (Janis Joplin, The Band, The Grateful Dead. Opening act for Gino Vanilli, The Mahavishnu Orchestra, Kris Kristofferson Frankie Hart, vocalist and guitarist, has shared many a stage with Rayburn Blake along their musical journey. From early recordings with such notables as Graham Lear on drums to current appearances at Toronto’s Musideum, Frankie’s performances are always the real deal. “I love the honesty in her vocals” says Rayburn, “For years it’s kept me coming back for more” Guitar Fever is a newer entity on the Niagara music scene. Led by guitarist Rayburn Blake, the duo presents a repertoire of jazz standards and tunes from the 30’s and 40’s to the present day. You can hear the influences in the music, a love for what has come before, from blues to country all wrapped in a jazz attitude. Rayburn Blake – SOCAN award for outstanding contribution to Canadian music. Writer ‘Old Time Movie’. Rayburn Blake – Juno for work on the Willie P. Bennett album ‘Heartstrings’ ABOUT THE SHOW: Once described as guitar jazz with an attitude.
A powerful eco-friendly floor cleaner A powerful and effective zero waste floor cleaner. Our floor cleaner refill pod is designed for cleaning sensitive flooring. Effective on wooden, porous and treated or coated flooring. The scent is Lavender leaving a refreshing fresh fragrance after application. Suitable for mops and buckets and domestic floor cleaners. Biodegradable formulation, free from harsh chemicals. Benefits the planet and works for you. Reduce plastic today and reduce your carbon footprint by purchasing our Floor Cleaner refill pod. Making the switch today reduces your carbon footprint and the environmental costs associated with transporting water around the globe. Refill your cleaning sprays with the refill pods and use the stickers provided to label your bottles. If you don’t use the labels don’t worry, they are compostable too. - Biodegradable, vegan formulations - Palm oil-free - Made in the UK - Letterbox Subscription - Compostable packaging - Always free from harsh chemicals such as Phosphates, Parabens, Phthalates, Ammonia, Triclosan to name a few. Drop, Fill, agitate, clean. - 1 x pod = up to 5 litres of solution - Close the pouch after use - Keep out of reach of children - Have dry hands when using the product - Store the pouch in a cool dry place Clean your home with our Floor Cleaner. Don't delay, order your today! Glass bottles are available here. For the Toilet Cleaner, we stock a recycled squeezy bottle. Floor Cleaner Ingredients: sodium carbonate, sulphamidic acid, sulfamic acid, β-Alanine, N-(2-carboxyethyl)-,N-coco alykyl derivs., Disodium salt sodium hydroxide; caustic soda Reaction product of Benzene Sulphonic acid, C10-C14 Sec Alkyl Derivs and Benzene Sulphonic Acid 4 Methyl and Sodium hydroxide, sodium hyroxide, caustic soda, 3,7-dimethylocta-1,6-dien-3-ol Ekologik believes sustainability is accomplished when plastic-free alternatives are fully accessible to everyone. They achieve this by providing you with effective and affordable cleaning solutions, made here in the UK. Building a regenerative, circular business is a core priority for ekologik. Not only will ekologik prevent further plastic waste polluting our planet, for every item that is purchased, 2% goes to Surfers Against Sewage to support their incredible efforts to reduce plastic in our oceans. This further fulfils our mission to reduce plastic pollution. By working with Surfers Against Sewage and Help Bristol's Homeless, they make sure that each purchase helps people and our planet.
Have you ever seen a picture of an ostrich with its head buried in the sand? This is one of the funniest scenes in nature, but an unfunny, accurate metaphor to describe individuals who have a crisis care mentality about their health. This means that they only take care of themselves when they are sick, diagnosed with a disease or are in excruciating pain. If you want to live an active, healthy long life, this ostrich mentality won’t get you there. Here are some signs that you or a loved one may be in a crisis with your head in the sand: 1. You take over the counter drugs on a monthly basis 2. You have taken prescription drugs consistently for more than 3. You have altered your life due to a health concern 4. You constantly try to pop your neck and back or are fidgety 5. You cannot exercise without pain 6. You take medication to offset the side effects of other 7. You experience irregular sleep patterns 8. You are susceptible to colds and the flu 9. You often say things like, “I need to go to the doctor”or “I need to take a pill” 10. You have difficulty standing or sitting up straight Many seniors and centenarians are suffering the consequences of their “if it ain’t broke don’t fix it”, ostrich-like attitudes. We are getting the advance notice that our parents and grandparents never received so we can think differently about health and pull our heads out of the sand. Embrace your Innate Potential. Do you have a parent or grandparent that lived to be 70, 80, 90 or 100 years old? Whether you like it or not, this is your minimum Innate, genetic potential. Your children and grandchildren share your genes as well, so become excited about your longevity, and theirs, and make the lifestyle changes now to ensure your health and vitality for a lifetime. Your mind and body will break down when there is interference in your nervous system. Just like a car accident will interfere with the flow of traffic, interference in your nervous system will cause dis-ease in your body which can lead to pain, sickness and even chronic disease. Sometimes you will have symptoms and sometimes you won’t. Don’t wait for the symptoms, the crisis, to remove this interference. That’s what an ostrich would do. Stay healthy by keeping this interference out of your life, your spine and your nervous system, regardless of how you feel. It’s time for an Intervention. If you have an ostrich in your family, you can save their life and make a difference by intervening. Express your concern. Show them you care. Get help from others if you need it but don’t let them become a statistic and “just another person”who was killed or injured severely because they were in denial about the dangers to their health. We are excited to be a part of your health care team. If you have an ostrich in your life, please send them to our office for an appointment. We would be honored to help them get their head out of the sand.
We Develop Million Dollar+ Advisors 9%. That’s about the percentage of financial advisors who are hired and ultimately generate at least $1M in yearly revenue. For elite advisors earning a net income of $1M or more, the percentage shrinks even lower – to around 2%. These numbers beg the question: Why do some advisors succeed while the majority are challenged to hit these industry bench marks? We know why. We’re Altius Learning and we’ve been helping financial advisors build Million Dollar+ Practices for over a decade. What Makes Us Different? Our Focus is Narrow Wealth Management Professionals Only Altius Learning works exclusively with wealth management professionals. Unlike other firms, we do not engage in executive or life coaching. Our focus is precise-practice management with an emphasis on client acquisition for advisors and their leadership teams. We show wealth management professionals how to turn their potential into peak performance. Our Approach is Unique Our individual and group coaching approach is different because it is inquiry-based. This means our coaches talk less, listen more and guide learning programs that are conducted as active, engaging discussions rather than passive lectures. We focus on the primary drivers of advisor success: new business acquisition, practice management disciplines, and how to effectively work on high performance teams. Our Perspective is Powerful In any profession, knowledge matters. Unfortunately, knowledge alone doesn’t guarantee success. The reason why is because clients don’t pay advisors for what they know. They pay them for what they do. At Altius Learning, we show advisors how to put their knowledge into action the same way top advisors do – by being personally accountable for their own success. Accountability is a key component of our coaching. We help you set clear, attainable goals and hold you accountable to completing the tasks and meeting the deliverable timeliness that empower your success. Our coaches provide you with all the tools, resources, and support you will need to consistently generate higher levels of revenues. You’ll learn the same accountability skills utilized by elite advisors so that you can bring your best work to every client, every time. Our Methods Are Proven From our more than 30+ years of research and practical experience, we have created prescriptive tools, step-by-step instructions, scripts, checklists, schedules, and metrics all designed for you to implement immediately. Through insight, continuous reinforcement and accountability, these programs have been documented to achieve measurable, sustainable results. Our training and coaching programs shorten the learning curve because they bridge the knowing-doing gap. We show you how to align knowledge with action in ways that will create exceptional value to your clients and prospects.
smiahvzalata.net — Coming Soon |Pageviews per user||0| Countable Data Brief Samonovini.net is tracked by us since November, 2014. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 1 105 799 in the world, while most of its traffic comes from Czech Republic, where it reached as high as 5 771 position. It was hosted by CloudFlare Inc. and Confluence Networks Inc.. Samonovini has the lowest Google pagerank and bad results in terms of Yandex topical citation index. We found that Samonovini.net is poorly ‘socialized’ in respect to any social network. According to Google safe browsing analytics, Samonovini.net is quite a safe domain with no visitor reviews. Worldwide AudienceCompare it to ... Samonovini.net gets 95.2% of its traffic from Czech Republic where it is ranked #5771. |Czech Republic||5 771| Traffic AnalysisCompare it to ... It seems that the number of visitors and pageviews on this site is too low to be displayed, sorry. Subdomains Traffic Shares Samonovini.net has no subdomains with considerable traffic. Domain Registration DataCompare it to ... Samonovini.net domain is owned by Domain Admin Privacy Protection Service INC d/b/a PrivacyProtect.org and its registration expires in 6 years. General Get more Samonovini.net whois history Domain Admin Privacy Protection Service INC d/b/a PrivacyProtect.orgOwner since January 27, 2015 6 years agoExpired on June 16, 2015 7 years oldCreated on June 16, 2014 6 years agoChanged at July 22, 2015 Registrar and Status |Registar||PDR LTD. D/B/A PUBLICDOMAINREGISTRY.COM| In Other TLDs Server InformationCompare it to ... Samonovini.net is hosted by Confluence Networks Inc. IP Whois Get more Samonovini.net server history Confluence Networks Inc. Txt: v=spf1 a -all SafetyCompare it to ... Safety status of Samonovini.net is described as follows: Google Safe Browsing reports its status as safe. Get more Samonovini.net reviews Google Safe Browsing
Dragon Medical Direct Use your voice to securely capture the patient story more naturally and efficiently—anytime, anywhere—with Dragon Medical One, the cloud-based speech recognition solution that provides a consistent and personalised clinical documentation experience across solutions, platforms, and devices. The patient story should be dictated by clinicians, not technology limitations. Conversational AI empowers physicians to document more naturally. Dragon Medical Direct is designed for speed, accuracy, and flexibility, with personalized vocabularies and templates that can be accessed and shared across the widest range of devices in the industry. Secure and compliant Our solutions support HIPAA requirements for patient security and confidentiality by employing secure encryption methods throughout the workflow. Our cloud solutions feature 99.5% uptime and run on geographically dispersed, active-active, data centers hosted on a HITRUST CSF certified hosting infrastructure. Achieve 99% accuracy with no voice profile training required, and a single cloud‑based profile that is auto‑established at first use. Manual activities such as accent adjustments and microphone calibration, are now automatic, providing greater accuracy, a lower word error rate, and an optimal clinician experience from start. Easy to install and maintain No complex configurations; clinicians can begin dictating in less than five minutes using your existing infrastructure. Automatic updates mean less work for your IT staff and less hassle for your clinicians. Affordable subscription‑based pricing with little upfront capital investment makes it easier for healthcare organizations to plan budgets with predictable expenses. Dragon Medical Direct desktop app provides accurate and portable cloud-based clinical speech recognition across a wide range of Windows devices. When paired with PowerMic Mobile, Nuance’s secure wireless microphone app. Portability, personalization, access, insights and compatibility Get clinicians up and running immediately across clinical workflows, care settings, devices, and apps for a seamless, consistent, and personalized voice experience. Provides secure, accurate and portable cloud‑based clinical speech recognition across a wide range of Windows® devices and is compatible with all leading EHRs. When paired with PowerMic Mobile, clinicians have even more freedom to dictate from virtually anywhere. Comes standard with built in productivity tools and access to speech enabled workflows in supported mobile productivity apps, at no additional cost, including Dragon Medical Clinical Calculators, which easily compute various scores and indices within a user friendly interface. Users with access to Dragon Medical Advisor enjoy greater benefits from evidence based guidance when adding important details to existing diagnoses and discovering evidence of undocumented and unspecified diagnoses. Embedded virtual assistant capabilities Clinicians can now retrieve clinically relevant information with clinical content search using UpToDate® by Wolters Kluwer. This integrated skill allows users with UpToDate Anywhere licenses to ask natural language questions such as “Hey Dragon, search UpToDate for pediatric hypertension treatment options”. Convenient wake‑up word Hands free option offers better control, ease of use, and greater freedom by allowing users to simply say, “Hey Dragon” to turn on microphone, and eliminate the need for manual controls or clicks with always listening. Dragon Medical Direct Analytics offers a self‑service portal that provides utilization data, adoption trends, and peer benchmarking tracking to ensure user efficiency and help with the design of action plans for improvement. What customers are saying With Dragon Medical Direct, the time our trained and optimized providers spend in the note authoring pages is one‑sixth the Cerner average. We saw our physicians increase their documentation efficiency with speech recognition. It made sense to offer our nurses the solution as well, with the idea it would empower them to tackle pressing documentation responsibilities. Dr. Paul Clark Chief Medical Information Office We were looking for a scalable, enterprise‑wide clinical documentation solution. Nuance not only met that criteria but also could provide a strong technology foundation to improve provider efficiency and enable timely documentation in the patient record. Chief Information Security Officer We took a look at the bigger picture of voice recognition technologies and discovered how evidence‑based guidelines and new therapies are exploding in this space, and we found that only Nuance is on the leading edge of this trend toward higher‑order voice recognition solutions. Executive Director of Information Management We're excited about Dragon Medical Direct and being able to tie that into our Imprivata Cortext application for secure texting. We're really hoping to be able to give back a little bit of time to our providers who are super busy with everything that they have to do, so that they can care for their patients. Vice President, Health Information Management Summit Health In terms of actually making a difference, so much of that has to happen from provider to provider in care transitions and voice is a big part of that. The notes are more complete, there’s more information there, they actually say something instead of just this cookie‑cutter template where every note can look the same.. Yeaman and Associates Physicians are more mobile than ever, both inside and outside the hospital. There is also an increased need for patient stories to become immediately available. Integrating Nuance Dragon Medical Direct with our Cerner physician documentation tool has enabled us to meet both of these needs. Ehab Hanna, MD, FHM Chief Medical Information Officer Universal Health Services (UHS), Inc This workflow has been essential for us. Now, when the next physician arrives to see the patient, even a few minutes later, the first physician’s notes are already available in the chart for review. Vice President and Chief Information Officer Make your dictations effortless A range of dictation and transcription accessories to complement your dictation or voice solutions that can enhance the efficiency and workflow within a busy office.
Here on TAP, we’ve been using our recent blog posts to focus on the legislation introduced by members of the Arkansas congressional delegation. Today we are ending this series by examining Rep. Bruce Westerman’s legislation. Here are some of the 9 bills he has sponsored: - HR 6355 – to give the federal government more leeway to deal with the numerous petitions filed to list species under the Endangered Species Act. This bill will allow the Secretary of the Interior to declare a “petition backlog” that will prevent the government from facing lawsuits because it missed a statutory deadline to review the petitions. - HR 6011 – to allow federal courts to reduce the prison term for someone who was convicted of a crime committed when that person was 18. The prisoner must have served at least 20 years in prison and not pose a danger to the public to qualify for a sentence reduction. - HR 5170 – to mandate that 25% of the money from the Land and Water Conservation fund goes to states. Forty percent of the money would be used by the federal government, with 75% of that portion being used to address deferred maintenance and other services. - HR 2936 – to make it easier for the federal government to manage national forests to avoid diseases or fire. - House Joint Resolution 82 – to repeal a federal rule that imposes new requirements on the measurements of oil and natural gas leases occurring on Indian and federal lands. The bills that Rep. Westerman has introduced indicate his strong focus on land use and environmental issues. Since he is a forester, this makes sense. These bills would make reforms to the current federal practices in ways that make a lot of sense to me. HR 6355, for instance, is meant to prevent organizations or individuals from filing frivolous endangered species act petitions that lead to lawsuits. I’ve written about the positive aspects of HR 5170 and HR 2936 (in another legislative form) on TAP previously. Sensible federal land management is often prevented by absurd environmental regulations, and Rep. Westerman’s legislation addresses some of the more egregious examples of this. I hope this series has given TAP readers some insight into what the six men who represent Arkansas in Congress are doing. While members of Congress vote on a variety of measures encompassing a wide range of subjects, their real interests can be seen by the bills they introduce. We’ll continue to highlight their bills so you’ll be better informed as to how you’re being represented in Washington, D.C.
Our Development Manager, Shona Blakeley is one of three nominees for the Institute of Fundraising’s Fundraiser of the Year award. Shona is responsible for raising funds for the Women’s Fund. The money raised is then distributed to community groups that empower women and girls to reach their full potential. The WFS is a constituent Fund of Foundation Scotland. Shona Blakeley has been recognised for her inspirational work and the Institute of Fundraising Scotland will announce the winner at their Awards dinner on the 4th October. Fiona McLeod, Chair of WFS Development Board added, “Shona has a great combination of passion, business savvy, integrity and interpersonal skills. She takes time to build relationships, listening to donor needs and enables them to see the amazing impact their funding can have. Shona has the courage to ask donors for support because she sees first-hand the difference funding can make and knows the women and girls the WFS supports may not yet have the courage, staff or opportunity to ask themselves.” The Women’s Fund support a diverse range of projects including dance and fitness classes, counselling and support services and workshops teaching skills such as DIY, music or craft-making. Shona Blakeley Development Manager, WFS added that the groups are her motivation: “The nomination is really a reflection of the Women’s Fund for Scotland. I raise funds so that we can keep making grants in Scotland. I’ve met many of the groups we’ve funded; they make me feel humble and inspired every single day.” The Women’s Fund is on a mission to tackle inequality by funding community groups that build skills and confidence; improve health and well-being; build social networks and allow women to move on from violence. It supports projects run by and for women living in Scotland. The WFS are on a mission to make a difference not just individuals, but their family and needs of the community. If you would like to help women across Scotland and make a difference to our communities, contact firstname.lastname@example.org
The eyes can both be made by creating two small circles with pieces of orange pipe cleaner or (extra simply) gluing on googly eyes. For every of these short pipe cleaner crafts, we embody an outline of the craft, a link to additional detailed instructions, the issue stage (simple, medium, or laborious), and the materials wanted. Pipe cleaner crafts are certainly one of the easiest. Consider shopping for the one that can make the final within the longer run. One tip earlier than you get started: many of those crafts suggest you use white craft glue to get the pipe cleaners to stay to one another or different craft supplies like paper, plastic, etc. Craft glue normally isn’t sturdy enough for this, and the crafts typically fall apart after just a few hours. This crab pipe cleaner craft is an effective way to use some seashells you picked up from the beach. In this information, we’ve compiled 31 of one of the best pipe cleaner crafts for youths. They vary from crafts that take only a few minutes and can be finished by very younger kids to crafts that are a little extra involved but will produce toys that’ll last for many hours of play. Is ethanol extra eco-friendly than fuel? Our tongue gel is formulated to neutralize that nasty micro organism gasoline that causes bad breath, leaving your mouth minty contemporary. Modern analysis confirms that tongue cleaning is the most effective technique to remove microorganisms that cause dangerous breath. Only randomized managed trials (RCT) were included that, in contrast, completely different strategies of tongue cleansing to reduce mouth odor in adults who had halitosis. Modeled on a surgeon’s scrub brush, the Orabrush Tongue Cleaner has been developed to achieve deep contained in the uneven surface of your tongue to assist in loosening and carrying away the bacteria that leads to dangerous breath. If you’re searching for a tongue cleaner that’s designed to assist fight unhealthy breath and go tongue cleaner away your mouth feeling brisker, we now have the answer. References and homages to this epic tale have permeated almost every facet of pop tradition, arts, science, and know-how. These pipe cleaner crafts vary from animals to jewelry to science experiments, and they can be accomplished by kids of various ages.
RETURNS & EXCHANGES Results from consuming the products offered on the Site may vary from person to person. Please do not use the products available on the Site when pregnant or breastfeeding. You should consult your doctor before using the products offered on the Site, or any dietary supplement. The statements on the Site have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration, and the products offered on the Site are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. To the extent permitted at law, we offer no refunds unless a Product is faulty. Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately, we can’t offer you a refund or exchange. If you receive a faulty Product you must advise us via email within 7 days of receiving the product and return the Product To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging. Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund. If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days. To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase. We do not accept returns or provide refunds for dissatisfaction with the product.
For those who as an alternative need to engage in desk adventures, in that case Following that Casino it’s still rrn a position to present you such. All the grouping construction such video games benefits game titles likeRoulette Snug, European Roulette, Baccarat, Las vegas Line Blackjackand numerous others. Online video media on-line poker flash games can also be found within this component to any casino. Chunk present £70 involved with Wow Ticket (£30 on the subject of Avenue Social gathering legal just for few days & £40 at Enormous Beat applicable designed for 30 days) & 10 Imminent Totally free Moves concerning Comfortable Favourites with earnings prescribed a maximum located at £1, correct regarding 7 days. - Leading up to withdrawing a person’s gambling house special, all the wager needs should be found in an effort to with success distance themself the particular benefit in your sporting account. - Whether or not this were definitely like popular for the reason that that when I did before act, numerous holdings can potentially increase. - They supply just half dozen headings, venetian online casino 100 % free revolves without having put in 2021 Extremely Dice. - With many products, taking the correct site and even app for your needs are often more challenging as compared with it all looks. - First, the ball player need to say yes to the effective use of third-party interfaces. - A majority of these fun deals are very worthwhile just as provide you with the chance to receive much more spins along with signup bonuses along with the probability to be successful considerable amounts involving inside their prime(a) swimming pool area tournaments. - It is advisable to note the Gambling establishment Lady luck incentive must remain wagered 35 instances before it can be changed into cash. Barstool Sportsbook delivers loads of stay bet selections and also pregame arises, moneylines, performance props, and then professional props. Attractive they also have the serious 3 sporting, it delivers a lot of essential measures with several other athletics similar to soccer, tennis, cycling, motorsports, cricket, golf, and then MMA. Should you’d like to learn more approximately some solution before you purchase involved with it, what now ?? Are usually Now there Any specific Daily Special offers Within Pokerstars Casino? Bingo MagiX Can present A terrific Straightforward Initiate That will Stop Play Simply no deposit Promotions are frequently worked to help you beginner competitors consequently, design a good solid profile together with genuine money. Not any put Internet casino Added bonus Bargains certainly are a benefit of enter in casino society through good-sum money. Upon having accumulated great capital from these savings, you can when compared to want to pay for match reward packages to guide you together with significant bets. Ultimately, Jonny Jackpot was made to cater to all types involving tastes and then grades from the comfort of the particular get-go. Benefit Attributes With The actual Tipsy Holidaymaker Internet based Slot Cheat to learn video poker machines before Pokemon Set off struck the actual location, for your range working with almost any disengagement method. Ozark carries confirmed to be that emperor for the slowly use in regards to stunning television set, gold coins involving fortune require a new fee. On line Internet casino Accept Echeck Internet casino Slot Costa Rica Poker online Events 2019 Machi, but. Sloto Hard cash works by using Actual Occasion Video game as its video games software program provider. RTG includes managed for several years which is a respected beautiful through honest actual money flash games which might be wonderfully made. As an example, in case a console posesses a pay out fraction associated with 96%, this ensures that the woking platform needs 4% of the winnings along with having a payment connected with 96%. So, however,if won by you $100, you may get $96 and therefore the restaurant can $4 since its profit. If you want to get a first deposit, you can expect to lumber inside your current online casino accounts, go on to your “Cashier” tabs together with visit “Deposit”. You could then begin to see the pay in alternatives within the kept edge of one’s screen. This manufacturer even appears soon after favorite casinos such as CasinoLuck in addition to WildSlots. Matches on the spot happen to be audited and even proven often to make certain members employ a truthful 15 minutes of this mix any time doing offers here. RNGs will also be included by means of sport vendors for transparence and additionally fairness. Satisfyingly, the wagering requirements will be quite low here when compared to the other sorts of on line casinos outside there. Hence, if you’re looking for an exclusive & particular dinner table playing games encounter, NextCasino is the place to be! You can get four significant video tutorial poker different types offered by NextCasino. They include top picks along the lines of Deuces Untamed Executive, Knucklebones and More desirable, Joker Undomesticated, and additionally All-American Poker. And then eventhough NextCasino qualities very little plus for most of them versions, motion picture holdem poker conviction during NextCasino must satisfy in most cases each and every fervent casino player. In NextCasino all is here crucial members having ideal playing games experience. Even so, perhaps you may go to “Cookie Settings” use a governed consent. The actual Delightful Benefit most likely are not employed as well as some other added, marketing and advertising or offer. Money back additional bonuses really are a portion with house hold being successful settled to a player. Unless claimed in any other case through NextCasino, these non-deposit bonus exists for you to cutting edge avid gamers mainly.This “Encouraged bonus” most likely are not widely used jointly with every other plus, promo and / or offer. Casino under no circumstances request great docs this is sweet i believe because my spouse and i check my very own piece of content at casinoluck. So that you can share in solid funds games, you simply must come up with a pay in within an individual’s betting house account. Any Subsequent Online casino console facilitates many different charge methods be ready to attempt this, too. Which means that, you may alwaysdeposit income because of Charge plus Mastercard,mortgage lender exchanges, Trustly, Skrill plus Neteller. Other choices includeecoPayz, MuchBetter, PayPal, Paysafecard not to mention High-speed Transfer. The the minimum first deposit confine as well software will be €10, and all of out there amount solutions supply split second transactions.
The documentary Men At Lunch, which picked up an IFTA in 2013 as well as being released in theatres in Ireland and in the US, is finally available to own on DVD. The film is available to buy in Ireland from Tesco, HMV, Golden Discs & online from CIC The Irish version contains both an English language and Irish language version of the film and it would make a great Xmas present. It is available to buy in America from Amazon I was delighted to be involved with this film by doing some additional editing for the films US Cinema release, which happened this autumn. This is the version featured on the DVD.
Book # 2 Page # 300 Inmate # 1340 Date admitted: 16 Mar 1921 Date last discharged: 30 Jun 1933 Age: 5 Sex: F Born: 10 Jan 1916 Place: none given Comments: Mother, Ruth Brandt, Piqua, Oh. This child born out of wedlock. 28 May 1922 Indnetured to Walter Gray, Casstown, Ohio. 24 Feb 1923 Returned the child saying sickness in the house was the cause. 3 May 1923 Indentured to Aunt Mrs. Eva McClelland, Dayton, Ohio. 3 Sep 1923 Returned 8 Sep 1923 Indentured to Mrs. Langston, E. Spring Street, Covington, Ohio. Note added 1933. "Waynetta Brandt was permanently released to her Mother and Step-Father Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Beener, 721 S. Gordon Street, Piqua, Oh. By the Board of Trustees. Dated 30 June 1933.Return to the Children's Home Index
Britain and India will formally begin free trade agreement talks in New Delhi and discuss the free movement of goods and people with a deal to raise bilateral trade by billions of pounds. Britain has made a deal with India in which one of its preferences are free from the EU’s common trade policy, and ministers are looking to bring trade policy towards faster-growing economies in the Indo-Pacific region. Union Trade Minister Piyush Goyal and his British counterpart Anne-Marie Trevelyan will meet in New Delhi on Thursday, with the first round of discussions beginning next week. “A deal with India will put UK businesses at the front of the queue as the Indian economy continues to grow rapidly,” Trevelyan said in a statement. Britain said the deal could double British exports to India, and by the year 2035, increase the total trade by $38.3 billion per year. India and Britain already share strong trade agreements, and over 1 million Indians live in Britain. India is looking for ample opportunities for Indians to live or work in Britain, and any trade deal can relax rules and lower fees for Indian students and professionals in Britain. Both the countries have already negotiated an enhanced trading partnership announced last year and can sign a limited-scope interim free trade agreement.
Dymock Belated news of a sighting of a HOOPOE on the 27th April 11am at Brooms Green, Dymock, just in Gloucestershire. It was heard only the day before in an adjacent wood just in Herefordshire (Andrew and Janet Perry per Charles Martell). Frampton A Grasshopper Warbler still in Splatt Bridge N reedbed at 6:35am. (MK/Dave Pinner). A Greenshank heard going over at 7am and seen over the Sailing Lake by Mark Coller. Later a Common Sandpiper, six Jays flew N and four Swifts. (MK). A Common Tern and four Common Sandpipers on the Sailing Lake early morning. (Mark Coller). A Swift through at 8am. (MK/Dave Pinner). The Common Tern still present this afternoon, a Hobby over Court Lake, a Black Swan and the Ross’s Goose. (MK). Hobby by Nigel Young Purton VisMig this morning two Great White Egrets, 12 Yellow Wagtails, 23 Jays, a White Wagtail, a Fieldfare, a Siskin, two Whimbrels, two Common Sandpipers, a Bar-tailed Godwit, three Curlews, 45 Swallows, 16 Sand Martins, 14 House Martins and 38 Goldfinches. (Francis Steuck). Sharpness Over the high tide a Hobby and nine Whimbrels flew up river. (Paul Rich). Saul Warth From Hock Ditch at high tide 11 Whimbrels, two Common Sandpipers, an Oystercatcher, Shelducks, a Whitethroat and a few Swallows. (Mike Davis). Coombe Hill Meadows Early morning birds included a Greenshank, six Little Ringed Plovers, a Common Sandpiper, plenty of Sand and House Martins, three Swallows, a Whitethroat, a Sedge Warbler, a Greenfinch and a Little Owl. (Dave Stone). This evening two Whimbrels, four Curlews, nine Yellow Wagtails and a Green Sandpiper. (Jeremy Squire). Forest of Dean At Nagshead two Willow Warblers, three Blackcaps, a Chiffchaff, three Song Thrushes, a Garden Warbler , a pair of Redstarts, a pair of Pied Flycatchers, a Siskin and a Mistle Thrush. (Roy Kinchin). Halmore A Hobby this morning, at least two Cuckoos calling for the fourth day running, seven Whitethroats, four Swallows, and a group of House Martins very high overhead. Also a group of Roe Deer, a doe and two fawns from last year. (Chris Newton). Cotswold Water Park East At Whelford Pools two Reed Warblers, a Sedge Warbler, four Swallows, seven Sand Martins, three Reed Buntings, four Gadwalls, six Great Crested Grebes and 150+ Black-headed Gulls in the colony on Pit 127. (John Fletcher). A Common Sandpiper and two Common Terns on Pit 127. (John Durell). Cotswold Water Park West A Hobby on Pit 41 today. (David Creber). Horton A Cuckoo heard in woods above Horton Court today. (David Luddington). Hilcot Several Tree Pipits displaying this morning, two Garden Warblers, a Raven, two Red Kites and seven Swallow flying N. (Harvey Sherwood). Nailsworth 39 Swallows, 35+ House Martins and four Sand Martins flew N between 2:05-2:40pm. (Terry Grant). Two Grey Partridges at Tipputs Inn lay-by on the A46 at Tiltups End. (Paul Rich). Three Swifts at Windsoredge. (Roy Bircher). Chavenage Lane 75+ Swallows N between 3:20-4:55 pm, also a Red Kite circling, and at nearby Barton End, another seven Swallows, a female Wheatear and a Red Kite. (Terry Grant). Whittington A Garden Warbler singing in a small valley N of the village. (Rob Crofton). Little Farmcote, near Hailes This afternoon 4+ Buzzards circling together, two Red Kites, Chiffchaffs singing, a Skylark, a Green Woodpecker and 5+ House Martins. (Andrew & Gill Worthington).
January 1 marks the beginning of one of my favorite times of year: garden planning time. I tend to make plans rather than resolutions, and planning my garden is always so exciting. I imagine the beautiful flowers and delicious foods I’ll grow, ignoring the possibilities of weeds, droughts, and pests. Flipping through those glossy, colorful seed catalogues is enough to make my mouth water. 2012 will mark our fourth gardening year here at our home, and before that I lived on a farm surrounded by orchards and fields of a variety of different crops. Even with those experiences, I’m far from a gardening expert. This year, I’ve made a list of ten foods that I’ve never grown before. I want to learn about them and learn to grow, cook, and preserve them. They’re not “new” foods, but they’re new to my garden. 1. Peach Trees Peaches are my husband’s favorite fruit, and his favorite dessert is peach pie. I was spoiled enough to have a peach orchard on the farm, and so I know that a supermarket peach just cannot compare to one that you pluck off the tree yourself. When you bite into that peach, still warm from the hot summer sun, and the juices run down your arm, that’s a pure delight that everyone should get to experience. I plan to plant three trees to add to our tiny little orchard of six apple trees that we planted a few years ago. Growing fruit trees at home is different from those grown in a bigger orchard, and I like to select trees grown on dwarf roots, which will keep them smaller and enable us to pick them without climbing a ladder. I haven’t chosen the varieties yet, but I want them to all be freestone, which means the flesh will separate easily from the pit when sliced open, and I plan to eat them fresh, bake with them, and preserve them by canning and freezing. 2. A Cherry Tree To continue adding to our little home orchard, I’m going to plant a cherry tree. I am a huge fan of sweet cherries and love to eat them until my fingernails are stained purple. The problem is that my wallet can’t support my cherry habit, with the price sometimes topping $5 per pound. I would like to plant a multi-variety tree, which consists of three to four different varieties grafted onto one dwarf root. There are a few benefits to this, including saving space in our yard, elongating the season because different varieties will ripen at different times, and giving us the flavor excitement of white cherries growing alongside dark ruby cherries. Again, it’ll be a few years before any cherries are harvested. 3. Golden Raspberries Continuing with our discussion of ridiculously expensive fruit, the golden (or white) raspberry is another favorite. I’ve seen these golden beauties priced as high as $6 per half-pint. A half-pint is about how much I can shove into my mouth at one time! We have a little berry patch in our yard, and I’m going to add six golden raspberry canes to it this spring. My son Joshua (who is currently 21 months old) loves to pick berries and pop them into his mouth, so our berry patch is one of his favorite summer hangouts. It’s fantastic that he will be able to enjoy a small crop of golden raspberries in their first season at our house. I have seen the health benefits of blueberries plastered all over the place. It seems that they are a superfood chock full of antioxidants and phytonutrients. I don’t really care about the health food buzz word du jour — all I know is that they’re a favorite around here. We’re going to add two blueberry bushes to our berry patch this summer, and hope for a good harvest in the following year. I’m also going to have to invest in some bird netting, since blueberries are a favorite snack for local birds. Nets are a great, safe alternative to pesticides, and I have vivid memories of playing dress up in blueberry nets as a kid. They make beautiful bridal veils, in case you were wondering. Who doesn’t love watermelon in summer? It’s a staple at summer picnics, but I have shied away from growing it in the past because of the space it takes up in the garden. Those vines needs space to spread out, and this year I’m going to look for a variety that is good for home gardening and I might even try to have it climb a trellis. We’ll see. I’m a big fan of the “Sugar Baby” watermelons, which produce small, dark green fruits with bright pink flesh and black seeds. I don’t know why, but something just feels wrong to me about seedless watermelon. Plus it is fun to spit out those seeds. I have heard fabulous things about dehydrated watermelon and how sweet it is, and I would love to try dehydrating any that we don’t gobble up fresh. Need I say more? We all love garlic, don’t we? Garlic makes everything better. I use garlic in my cooking almost every night, so it’s about time for me to learn how to grow it. Garlic is planted in the fall, so I’ll have a long time before I have to pick out what variety I want to grow. After garlic is harvested, it can be dried and the stems can be braided together and hung up to continue drying. This will have the benefit of decorating my kitchen pantry while at the same time warding off vampires. I’ve grown cabbage in the past without much success. It has a long growing season, with planting it early in the spring and not harvesting it until late summer or into the fall. I’m usually too impatient for it to be taking up space in my small garden. But this year, I’m going to grow some green and red cabbage. We love to eat cabbage raw in coleslaw, sauteed in butter or chicken broth, or fermented in sauerkraut. There are a variety of health benefits of eating fermented foods, but I’m pretty sure those are negated if you put it on a hot dog. Either way, I would like to learn to make sauerkraut and a friend has promised to teach me her crock pot method, while my uncle is going to teach me his pressure canner method. Now I just need to grow some! It seems to me that no veggie better represents the “back-to-the-land” or “urban homesteading” movement than kale. Its dark, frillly leaves are beacons of health, but I have a confession: I don’t like kale all that much. I know I should, but I just don’t. I think it is really pretty and have always liked the ornamental purple and green kale that’s sold in the fall, but this year I want to learn to cook it so that I will enjoy eating it. Kale is rich in folate, an important nutrient for all women, especially moms-to-be. Since we are thinking about adding to our family in 2012, kale is a good food for me to learn to love. These kale chips look like a good place to start! 9. Baking Potatoes I have found that both red potatoes and Yukon golds are relatively easy to grow in my home garden. I basically plant them and ignore them until they look like they’re dead, then dig up a bounty of potatoes. I’m hoping that baking potatoes will be just as simple. I know that Joshua will love digging in the dirt this coming season! In the past, I’ve timed my plantings poorly and had all of my potatoes ready at the same time. This year, I’d like to do a better job with succession plantings so that I can scatter the harvest and have them fresh for a longer period of time. I would also like to learn more about cold storage and keeping them throughout the winter months. Yes, I am aware that eggs do not grow on trees. I’m planning to get chickens this spring! Now, anybody who knows me knows that I have been pining for chickens and planning to get them each spring. Well, this year I mean it! Eggs are so good for us in so many ways, and it won’t take many chickens to keep up with our family’s needs. I’m thinking a small flock of four hens will be sufficient. I’ve already checked on zoning regulations, and our town allows for a flock of up to 20 hens in a yard our size. My husband, who is a builder by trade, will build a small, safe coop with an attached yard for them. We will be able to feed them kitchen scraps and compost their waste for use in our gardens. I have my heart set on chickens that will lay colored eggs, and I think that chicks will be the perfect Easter present for Joshua. Now that I’ve got my top ten list, I can go back to daydreaming and thumbing through catalogues. I will post updates throughout the year, so you can see how my garden is growing, try out some recipes, and learn about preserving this food, too. Not only will we benefit from nutritious food, we’ll also be reducing our environmental impact and learning while growing together as a family. Are you making any healthy food resolutions for the new year? Do you have any garden plans yet? Can you give me any tips?
For the life of your suspension, you are covered against ANY and ALL manufacturer defects. The most common warranty is shocks and most manufactures will not warranty this or will only do so for a year. Our warranty is on ANY shock wear, including blown shocks, for as long as you own the product. Valid to original purchaser only. We guarantee that the quality of our suspension is as good in quality if not better than other manufacturers that are upwards of three times the cost. We only sell direct, which allows us to keep our prices low. We are so confident that you’ll be satisfied with our products, that if for any reason you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you can send it back within 30 days for a full refund. We guarantee that if you order by 2:00pm MST Monday-Friday and the product is in stock, your order will ship that same day. 99% of orders are in stock and ship the same day or by the next business day. Orders over $299 within the contiguous United States receive FREE ground shipping. See our shipping policy page for complete details.
I look forward to connecting with you! Are you in Austin? In person sessions will be held at my private sanctuary. I will send the exact info you'll need for your session upon booking. You may also call / text: 512-522-9713 and I will return your call / message asap! NOTE: I rarely have same day openings available so please BOOK IN ADVANCE if possible. Thank you!
Flower Agate 6 Flower Agate crystal generator. Flower Agate is a type of Agate with Chalcedony inclusions which look like flower blooms. Light pink in colour with white blooms. Flower Agate assists you in reaching your highest potential. It is a stone that allows protection from fears and doubts whilst sparking passion to follow dreams. It is also absolutely beautiful! Chakra: Heart Chakra and Base Chakra Approx. Size: 7.5cm x 1.5cm wide Sold individually. You will receive this exact crystal. This piece does have some exposed edges. Second image is the reverse side.
Mattresses are essential parts of our lives. Not only is it the item you get home to at the end of a tiring day and depend on it to relax, but it is also where one shares romantic moments with your better half. Luckily, there’s a mattress in the market made to be quiet. |1||Dourxi Crib and Toddler Mattress - Ideal Breathable & Quiet Foam Mattress Airflow Sleep Surface with...||758 Reviews||$119.63||Buy Now| |2||Milliard Premium Memory Foam Hypoallergenic Infant Crib Mattress and Toddler Bed Mattress with...||4,768 Reviews||$79.99||Buy Now| |3||Vaunn Medical Cloud Air Whisper Quiet Alternating Air Pressure Mattress Topper with Pump Twin Size...||1,224 Reviews||$59.99||Buy Now| In this article, you’ll get to see all the information you should know about the best quiet brand in the market. Review of our 7 best silent mattresses So, if you want the right model of the mattress for intimacy, sleep, or anything else, continue reading. Considerations in the best mattress for couples - The firmness - Best mattress brand for couple’s intimacy - Weight requirements - Isolation of motion - Trial moments and returns - The size Purple California Hyper-Elastic Polymer Mattress This brand of mattress integrates memory foam and polymer in its construction. Rather than the top layer having foam, as is popular with most memory foam brands, this 3-layered mattress has a unique hyper-elastic polymer grid. This helps conform to your body and relieves pressure by distributing your body weight. Airflow is improved to ensure the mattress stays cool, thanks to the top layer lacking heat-retaining foam. Furthermore, the polymer grid helps to reduce motion transfer. The polymer grid’s white powder coating is entirely safe. It’s mostly used for protecting the polymer grid when the product is compressed for packing and delivery. For extra support, the base layer comes with 4-inches of 2 PCF high-density polyfoam. Its transitional layer is created with 3.5″ of 1.8 PCF polyfoam that offers a comfy sink level. The breathable and softcover is created with 29 percent Viscose, Polyester 67 percent, and Lycra® Spandex 4 percent. A zipper permits easy access when taking it out for cleaning up. You and your partner can choose California King, Queen, or King, based on your sleeping arrangements and weights. Purple King mattress does well at motion isolation, heat distribution, airflow, and pressure relief. But it might not be the best brand for you and your partner as it comes with a 9.5-inch thin profile. - Convenient shipping - Pressure relief - Multiple sizes - Detachable cover - Breathable and soft - Air circulation technology - Thin for big couples Voila Box Hybrid Coil-Spring Latex Mattress, Gel-Infused Memory Foam - ✅ UNMATCHED SUPPORT: 768-count five zone pocket coil technology to provide the... - ✅ LUXURY SHOWROOM QUALITY: Ranked the #1 INNERSPRING MATTRESS BRAND. All the... - ✅ BUY WITH CONFIDENCE: Our foams not only meet, but exceed the high... The most popular materials used to make mattresses are coils, latex foam, and memory foam. Each of these materials comes with different weaknesses and strengths. Coils provide high responsiveness, air circulation, and support level; however, they are ultimately susceptible to sagging. Latex is good at dispersing heat, eco-friendly and organic. Memory foam is good at motion transfer pressure relief but retains heat. This mattress combines memory foam, polyfoam, and gel memory foam, latex, and innerspring. It helps provide you with its best qualities while minimizing its respective disadvantages. The versatility shown by this mattress helps make it the best brand for couples with various preferences. Voila, Box Luxury Hybrid Coil-Spring Latex has an 11-inch profile, multiple memory foam layers. This helps relieve pressure points, edge support thanks to polyfoam. Also, there’s responsive latex foam that transmits the coils’ bounce beneath, acting as a transitional shock-absorber. This highly-rated product will accommodate each kind of sleeper. It offers multiple sizes, which include Queen and King, three profiles, and plush, medium, and firm choices. The mattress manufacturer provides a 100 night’s sleep trial period and gives a donation of one mattress for every 10 they sell. - Different sizes - Regulation of heat - Multiple layers - 3 firmness choices - Hybrid construction King Koil California King Luxury Raised Air Mattress with Built-in Internal Pump - King Koil is LUXURY. 1-year warranty provided by the manufacturer included in... - Extra thick waterproof comfort quilt top with extra spinal support - firm... - California king sized with coil-beam construction and a built-in 120v / 210w ac... Picture a mattress you can take wherever to want. This superb mattress is the ideal car camping brand for outdoor fan couples. The reason being it’s cheap, portable and you can set it up in the home, woods, on the beach to accommodate unannounced overnight visitors. Another amazing thing about this model is you can regulate the amount of inflation to adjust the level of firmness to your preference. The product has the best camping mattress rating for couples. This is because of its high weight capacity, 20-inch thick profile, and a fast inflation rate that requires less than 5 minutes. Outdoor use is facilitated by an exterior safety valve and an integrated 120V AC internal pump. Its thick profile offers enough deep compression support for sustaining the high 270 kgs weight capacity. This makes it most likely the best brand for big couples you can take with you anywhere you go. Additionally, it offers you the best comfort thanks to its built-in pillow and the quilted top with a full-flocked environmentally friendly PVC layer. The mattress is also very effective at aligning the spinal. Outdoor sleeping makes this mattress susceptible to harsh natural elements and puncture. To allay this, King Coil offers patch kits when you buy this model. For maximum protection, it has also made the suede cover waterproof. - High weight capacity - Interior pump - Patch kits - Fast inflation - Waterproof cover - You can adjust the level of firmness - There’s a rubbery smell the first time you use buy it LUCID 14 Inch Memory Foam Bed Mattress - Dual memory foam layers on top of a supportive base create a medium-plush feel. - 1-inch bamboo charcoal memory foam layer is quilted into a soft Tencel blend... - Medium-plush, gel-infused memory foam hugs curves to relieve pressure, with... This LUCID 14 Inch Memory Foam Bed Mattress offers you the ultimate comfort in bed. It has a memory foam layer infused with antimicrobial bamboo charcoal dual comfort layers for a plush and soft sleep surface. A sturdy base support thanks to its 10-inches of high-density polyfoam and dual comfort layers for a plush and soft sleep surface. Also, a breathable cover created with polyester fabric and Tencel. It being hypoallergic too, Bamboo charcoal helps make the best mattress for big couples. This is because of its superb ability to regulate heat, improve moisture, and wick moisture. This mattress adapts to the body curves to ease pressure points. It also restricts restless partner’s motion transfer, and disperses the bodyweight evenly. If you and your partner sleep warm, you will also beneenjoy the 3-inch gel memory with an open-cell design to stop heat buildup. You can also get this mattress in California King and Queen sizes to help in accommodating more space and sleeping preferences. For convenient shipping, this product is compressed and vacuum-sealed inside a box. It is important that you wait for 2 days before you use it to allow it to expand completely. This mattress may not be ideal for hefty people. This is because of the very thick profile, nearly plush level of firmness, and mostly memory foam construction. If you weigh over 100 kgs, you will probably sink in very deep and sleep very hot. - Getting rid of the smell - Thick profile - Control of moisture and heat - High-density base support - Hypoallergic cover - CertiPUR-US certification - Sinks in a lot if you are heavy and sleeps warm LUCID Hybrid Mattress – Bamboo Charcoal and Aloe Vera Infused Memory Foam - Memory foam infused with bamboo charcoal eliminates odors and cradles your body... - High-quality transition foam infused with aloe vera creates a calming and... - Enduring and conformable medium-plush support is provided by... For sturdy support, this mattress comes with a support layer of coil springs created with high-gauge steel. This model’s coils are wrapped separately to improve airflow. These coils also offer nice bounce, and curb motion transfer from partners who sleep restlessly. There’s high-density polymer foam around the coils and beneath them to act as their springboard for edge support. Being a hybrid type, in the comfort layer of the LUCID 12 Inch Hybrid Mattress, it also has memory foam infused using moisture-wicking bamboo charcoal for a smell-free, comfy, and cool sleeping surface. In addition, you’ll wake up rejuvenated thanks to Aloe Vera in the transitional layer. Another good addition is the two natural cooling infusions. This helps prevents the buildup of heat popularly found in a memory foam mattress. With the body-cradling pressure relief and comfort, medium-plush firmness, better support of innerspring coils, and a thick 12-inch profile, this mattress makes the perfect model for couples with various preferences. The reason being, it’s well-equipped to accommodate an array of sleeping choices while reducing disruptions. Besides, you can get it in California King and Queen sizes. - Refreshing Aloe Vera - Motion isolation - Moisture-wicking bamboo - Smell free, comfy, and cool - Excellent support - The cover isn’t detachable Swiss Ortho Sleep Individually Wrapped Pocketed Encased Coil Pocket Spring Contour Mattress - Phenomenal High-Quality 12-Inch Certified Independently & Individually Wrapped... - Each Seperate Pocketed Coil is Individually & Independantly Wrapped to Provide a... - Our Signature Motion Isolation Pocketed Encased Coil Mattress is Made for... This mattress is the perfect for you and your partner if you want the traditional feel and budget-friendly choice of a spring mattress. In the support layer of this mattress, there’s a 9-inches 13 gauge pocketed coil system. Each coil is wrapped separately to curb motion and disperse your bodyweight evenly. This will help relieve pressure points and stop sleep interruption by avoiding motion transfer when your better half moves during the night. The mattress durability gets impacted by coil gauge ratings. Many pocketed coil mattresses come with a gauge rating of between 14 and 17. A low rating model is best for big couples that denote thicker coils. This helps your mattress accommodate the bulky weight. If the numbers are high, the coils are thicker, and the quicker they will wear out. This mattress can accommodate big couples easily, thanks to a 13 gauge rate. When sleeping on this mattress, it will react to your pressure and temperature to support your body curves. The hypoallergenic bamboo cover offers effectiveness and durability at regulating temperature and absorbing sweat. Additionally, bamboo is good at getting rid of smells. This mattress is firm with a 12-inch profile thickness. It is made to handle the sleepers of different body weights and styles, which makes it one of the best models for those with different tastes. You can get this model in King, California, and Queen sizes for more choices. You’ll get this mattress in a vacuum-sealed bag. After you have unpacked it, let up to 2 days for complete expansion. - No inial smell - High weight capacity - Moisture and heal control - Motion isolation - Breathable cover - Some buyers may feel it is too firm Olee Sleep Galaxy Euro Box Top Spring Mattress - Composed of 5 layers including pocket springs, the coils are 7.5 inch high to... - Double Dura HD foam layers provides long-lasting support - Gel infused memory foam regulates temperature while conforming to the body to... It is perfect for those big couples who weigh at least 90 kgs. Weighty people create more sinkage because of their weight that exerts extra pressure. They also retain more heat as fat is an insulator, and their bodies have a smaller surface area to volume ratio that doesn’t let heat escape easily. To prevent this, these people require a sturdy and thick model that’s cool for comfort and excellent support. The mattress will deal with this by combining different foam types and coils to offer enough support. These layers have 2- inches of high-density foam for supporting the base, 1.5 inches of foam for a comfy sleeping surface, and one inch of gel memory foam that disperses the body’s heat and promotes airflow. The 7.5 inches of coils offer compression and edge relief, and pressure points relief. In addition, the pocket-wrapped Dura coils move separately to improve motion isolation, bounce, and air circulation. A medium to firm model that’s at least 12-inches is perfect for weighty people. This mattress is adequately set for deep compression support with medium firmness and a 13-inch profile thickness. This will help prevent you from sinking into the discomforting base layer and protect the mattress from warping. This mattress is a durable investment that also has a 2-inch washable cover. This is to ensure the mattress stays clean though several buyers have complained that it’s very firm for them. - Washable cover - Compression and edge support - Motion isolation - Cooling gel memory foam - Hybrid construction - It May look too rigid for people weighing less than 90 kgs Last update on 2022-03-27 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
This week, Ira spoke with Impressionist Rick Michel. Rick Michel, who will be performing “Sinatra Forever starring Rick Michel” with his 24-piece orchestra at the M Resort on Saturday, February 23rd, has been a master impressionist for more than thirty years. He has shared the stage with Rich Little, Mickey Rooney, John Byner and Sherman Hemsley, among others, and entertained celebrities such as Frank Sinatra, President Gerald Ford, Tony Curtis and Steve Allen. A memorable highlight of Michel’s career came when he performed his impression of Bob Hope for the comedic icon himself, at the Bob Hope Celebrity Golf Classic in Palm Springs. Other career highlights included appearances in an episode of “Baywatch,” America’s Funniest People” and the “Larry King Show.” Performing in Las Vegas since 1981, Michel has been up one end of the Strip to the other. From the Stratosphere Hotel to the Tropicana Hotel, Michel has enjoyed Las Vegas being home as well as his work place.
The past year has presented the medical industry with new challenges that humanity has hardly faced before. The situation in the world has accelerated the rapid pace of software development for medical devices and made people realize the irreplaceable role of high technology in their lives. Moreover, the interest of healthcare organizations in the Internet of Things has grown to keep pace with the era of telemedicine services. The Internet of Things is a network of physical objects that receive information from the environment using sensors and software and transmit it to other devices or systems via the Internet. For healthcare, this means the integration of medical device software with clinic systems, which allows patient data to be transferred to the doctor without personal interaction, and much more. Below are a few key IoT perspectives that the medical world is taking advantage of today. Diagnostics and Monitoring of Patients’ Condition The use of the Internet of Things in healthcare makes accurate diagnosis and continuous monitoring of vital signs available to those who need it most: - for cancer patients with immunodeficiency; - for elderly people with limited mobility; - for those suffering from chronic diseases such as diabetes, heart disease, epilepsy, or even Perthes disease. Such technologies contribute to the development of personalized medicine when patient data is sent to doctors who carry out accurate diagnostics and select individual treatment. After all, gadgets using the capabilities of the Internet of Things can measure the vital functions of each patient: - heart rate; - electrodermal activity; - blood flow; - The electrical activity of the muscles. Among the outstanding solutions that use the Internet of Things, we should mention the development of the Israeli company EarlySense. A sensor under the patient’s mattress monitors heart rate, movement, and breathing. In case of any deviations, the medical staff sees them on their device. This continuous non-contact monitoring allows early detection of urgent cases, reduces the number of admissions to intensive care units and emergencies with the resuscitation of patients, and prevents injury to patients if they accidentally fall out of bed. The device is also being used in some clinics to monitor COVID-19 patients isolated in hospital wards. Another successful example is the SeizeIT kit, developed by the young Belgian-American company Byteflies in cooperation with UCB for measuring brain, heart, and muscle activity, respiration rate, and movement. It consists of a patch that is discreetly attached to the patient’s body and a magnet that is placed on the patch. The system detects seizures and improves the quality of life of patients with epilepsy. The Internet of Things in telemedicine is a whole separate topic. In recent months, the medical industry has more than ever recognized the need for remote consultation and diagnosis. Telemedicine already today makes life much easier for patients with limited mobility and those who are in remote areas without access to clinics. The Internet of Things is being implemented in telemedicine in the form of rapid analysis kits, such as tests developed by the American company Cue Health. Such kits allow patients to independently diagnose flu, inflammation, determine the level of vitamin D, testosterone, and luteinizing hormone and send these results to the doctor via a mobile application. Another solution that the Internet of Things offers telemedicine is a tablet with built-in sensors, developed by Proteus Digital Health in the USA to monitor timely medication intake. Once in the body, such a pill sends data about the patient’s condition to a mobile device and allows doctors to track and correct the process of taking medications. Benefits for Healthcare Facilities IoT systems, using medical device software, not only collect vital data from patients. Such technologies can: - monitor the condition of medical equipment; - regulate the temperature in the rooms; - delimit access to laboratories; - monitor the availability of medicines in hospitals; - to record the speed of response of the medical staff to alerts in case of a deterioration of the patient’s condition. Systems such as EarlySense, among other things, send regular reports to facility administrators on bed rest and response times of healthcare providers. All this not only reduces the risk for patients but also increases the efficiency and quality of treatment, strengthens the reputation of the clinic, and helps the manager to better control the work of the institution. Thanks to IoT technology, patient complications, and mortality rates are reduced, and their hospital stay is shortened. This significantly saves hospitals money and leads to a return on investment in self-sustaining Internet development. The Future of IoT in Healthcare With 5G networking infrastructure just around the corner, IoT technology offers humanity never-before-seen possibilities. The 5G Internet, with its ultra-low network response time and near-limitless bandwidth, will enable the sharing of heavy files such as MRI images at lightning speed. But not only that. The fifth generation of the Internet opens up unprecedented opportunities for innovative treatments such as remote robotic surgery. In 2017, Ericsson, one of Sweden’s leading ICT companies, showcased its Haptic Glove at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. This “magic hand”, thanks to a robot with sensors and a virtual reality helmet, allows the surgeon to operate in real-time, being thousands of kilometers away from his patient. This technology opens access to quality treatment for millions of people around the world. Modern technologies in healthcare, despite all their ambiguity and issues related to the security of the Internet of Things in medicine, insurance compliance, or equipment failures, are already on the doorstep. They are shaping reality step by step, changing the understanding of what is advanced diagnostics, treatment, and healthcare.
- This event has passed. Intermediate Finnish (Sundays) January 23 @ 3 PM - 4 PM An event every week that begins at 3 PM on Sunday, repeating until March 13, 2022 Events listed on finnsource.org are a courtesy of FinnSource, a non-profit volunteer organization. FinnSource is not responsible for inaccurate information for non-FinnSource events.
Development Objective: to reduce the incidence of trafficking of women and girls from India, Bangladesh and Nepal through economic, social, and legal empowerment. Migrant women and girls are empowered and prevented from being trafficked by: - Ensuring decent working conditions at destination - Increasing benefits of migration for workers and their families through regular remittances and a reduction of migration costs - Enhancing knowledge, skills, and employability of migrant women and education of girls. - Community outreach programmes to enable potential women migrants to take decisions including financial literacy and rights at work and situations of forced labor and trafficking; - Technical support to the Counter Trafficking Committee members on awareness raising for potential migrant workers; - Review the existing Vocational & Technical skills training program for female migrant workers; - Trainer of Trainers (ToT) to strengthen capacity of instructors of TTC in relation to skills training for domestic and garment workers; - Development of Training Materials and training local partners on use of mobile phone as means of enhancing protection and empowerment of migrant workers; - Capacity building with trade unions to better understand women’s migration and vulnerability to human trafficking particularly in domestic work and strengthening of domestic workers platform; - Sensitization/ awareness raising program with recruiting agencies on ethical recruitment practices, policies, laws and conventions; - Support and Develop online recruitment Monitoring and reporting system for Vigilance Task Force; - Support MOEWOE in developing action plan for implementing Overseas Employment Policy. - Support implementation of the Government’s Action Plan to implement the Anti-Trafficking Act 2012 focusing on the protection of women migrant workers. Outcome 1: Potential women migrant workers and their families in source communities are empowered with better awareness, information, and skills Outcome 2: Recruitment agencies adopt ethical recruitment based on international standards and are subject to improved monitoring and enforcement Outcome 3: Women migrant workers in domestic work and garment sectors enjoy better collective representation and support services and employers have grater knowledge of workers’ rights Outcome 4: Laws and policies are implemented in origin and destination countries that protect rights of migrant workers, especially women Outcome 5: New and better evidence is available on labour trafficking of women & girls within and from South Asia and on effective preventive measures
Triumph, BMW, & Kawasaki Sales Spares & Repairs. Established for over 40 years and run by expert motorcyclists. Fully authorised workshop. It is thought that they also built motorcycles sold as P & S by Pearson and Sopwith. Sources: Graces Guide, et al. If you have further information or a query related to this page, please contact us
Looking for a sweet and sexy escort girl to accompany you to a dinner date, or a VIP companion, or you just want to unwind in the company of one of the skilful erotic massage escorts in Edinburgh? Here, you can find the best independent escorts or escort agencies in Edinburgh. Escortdex Edinburgh escort services gallery is your quick and direct access to a wide variety of luxury companions, of all genders, such as incall and outcall VIP independent escorts and high-class escort agencies in Edinburgh. Find a multitude of VIP companions, pornstars, blondes, brunettes or redheads, skinny or curvy, delicate or adventurous top escorts Edinburgh. Indulge yourself in the most memorable encounter and benefit of complete services. Unlimited free access and the possibility to directly contact an Independent or a reputable escort agency in Edinburgh. Check the escort real photos, features, provided services, hourly rates, reviews and choose on your own what suits you best. We have gathered all the information you may need, in a transparent and easy manner, always at your disposal 24 a day. Would you like to spend some time in the company of an escort girl while visiting Edinburgh but don’t know where to choose from? Then you have come to the right place. On our directory, you will find the most renowned sex service providers in Edinburgh and nearby areas. Our system is developed to check all these Ads to keep them up-to-date to avoid possible scams or unpleasant experiences. Edinburgh Escort Dex Directory has featured all kinds of escorts you can imagine, from the smart and stylish to the wild and adventurous ones. We strive to provide genuine VIP escort services agencies, sex clubs, brothels, or independent call girls that are reliable and trustworthy, ensuring everyone can have some fun, and hassle-free. Our catalogue consists of various high-class escorts to ensure that we have someone for every taste and need. Searching through many different escort agencies' websites can cause you a lot of time wasted, and this is why on EscortDex, you have guaranteed and simple access to all leading sex providers in the Edinburgh. They have been gathered all together to make this searching process as easy and convenient as possible for you. Avoid scams Detecting fake or scam Ads can be pretty tricky and represent a real challenge; this is why we never encourage sending money upfront using paychecks or other payment methods. Sometimes it can be challenging for us to identify these fake profiles, as they look like typical Ads; that’s why if you are asked for money upfront, make sure you don’t send it until the escort is in front of you physically. If you ever encounter an unpleasant situation, please report to us. Ensuring you always meet the real call girl from the picture. Check for the VERIFIED escort badge. This badge is our secure way to ensure that the girl you booked is the girl you meet. The photos submitted are verified by our team and comply with all the rigorous requirements needed to verify the authenticity of the pictures. Here, you can access all sex advertisers in Edinburgh. You can compare rates, and services and contact them directly through our directory messaging system. Most of these call girls are coming directly to your hotel or private house or offer you a place where you can visit them. Whether you choose an independent or escort agency, make sure you request clear information before placing the booking to avoid further issues that might arise.
~Written By Elizabeth Johnstone During our recent trip to Malawi in June, and since our return to Canada, we have been reflecting a lot as to our objectives and goals for WHI. Malawi was great in reminding us that values need to be the driving force, rather than “completing our goals” being the only way to measure success. Our mission as an organization is about equipping, encouraging and empowering our partners: when WHI is talking about individuals and relationships, achieving goals cannot be the end-all in measuring success. Inevitably, before leaving for Malawi the question frequently posed to me was, “what will you be doing?” In this question, I interpret that doing meant what action, what tasks would I be accomplishing? What would I be leaving behind in Thukuta that they wouldn’t otherwise have? Shortly after arriving in Malawi, we received a good amount of disappointing news from the director of WHEAMS (Rodrick). Immediately, voices from back home hounded in my head: “Have we met our goals?” “What results can we show?” “How about “true” measures of success?” Yes. I was discouraged from what I deemed as a “lack of progress.” Over breakfast the next day, Amelia and I regrouped to remind ourselves what is the main WHI’s mission in Malawi, and our relationship with Rodrick was all about. We were thankful for the “bad news” arriving close to the beginning of the trip, as we were able to focus the rest of the trip on how can we equip WHEAMS to move forward in a consistent and beneficial manner. Our trip’s focus really became about networking with others and discovering other human resources that exist in Malawi that WHEAMS could tap into. I personally had to make a switch from thinking about measuring our impact in terms of results. I had to remember that frequently in Africa, Malawi being no exception, progress takes time. I am more aware now than ever that I am a product of my culture. It took a trip to Malawi to feel a deep sense of rest and peace. During this trip I reflected on my own life and relationships: I cannot measure my self worth simply by setting goals for myself and for others. Somehow, in the last few years, I have begun to measure myself, my self worth according to what I have accomplished or not accomplished, and judging myself accordingly. I have managed to get myself so tightly wound that I needed both medical and personal counsel to figure out how to bring back a balance to my life. To create that balance I assumed there must be things that I should do to feel better, and things that I should stop doing to remove stress. My wise personal counsel told me that measuring your life by the goals you set for yourself will always lead to disappointment. The key is to measure your life according to values you have set. When you are struggling, turning back to your values will ground you, either encouraging you to keep on in the direction you are heading or gently bring you back and turn you around. However, this world view can be counter North-American Culture, where success is built upon accomplishment and physical achievements. WHI realized that our initiatives in Malawi must first be about working on relationships; listening, seeking to understand, reworking our assumptions and allowing individuals to self-express their strengths and areas in which those strengths can grow. It is in relationship that we can equip and encourage WHEAMS. Of course, we could move forward without considering the relational aspects, and attempt to measure our success by visual structures we have built; but then… have we really met our objectives of equipping, encouraging and empowering? No. It is far better to move forward slowly and mindfully, than to move fast and cause damage. If we hope to make an impact on individual lives and communities, keeping true to our values of equipping, encouraging and empowering will be the guiding post. Elizabeth Johnstone is the Eastern Canadian Director, and co-founder of WHI/CCC. Currently, she works as a High School Counsellor on the South Shore of Montreal. Her views expressed on this blog are not those of her employer.
With the holiday season kicking off this week, we’re looking forward to the feasting, traveling, shopping, and laughing to come in the days ahead. But before the holiday hustle and bustle is in full swing, the HMG crew wanted to take a minute to acknowledge some of our favorite reasons to be thankful this past year. Posted on Sep 17, 2018 by Sarah Hetrick Every champion was once a contender who refused to give up. -Rocky Balboa. As reigning champions the past two years, HMG Creative is proud to have secured a third victory at this year’s Pixelwood Derby. A charity event for networking, healthy competition and a groovy time, Workhorse Marketing’s fifth annual Pixelwood Derby saw a record turnout with over 300 attendees. Posted on May 27, 2016 by Jenna Meltzer It was indeed a tough race, competing against some pretty impressive derby cars, but we are so ecstatic to announce that our team, Britney Steers, brings home the gold (plated plastic) for speed in the 2016 Pixelwood Derby! We could not have done it without the help of every member of the HMG team.
A small selection of my recent voiceover work A radio ad for a local arts centre Radio ad for Trestle Arts Company A radio commercial for radio advertising From the script, I recorded the voice, added sound effects and music and produced the final audio file. A sample from a hypnotherapy relaxation soundtrack for Meadows Hypnotherapy A 35 minute relaxation soundtrack including voiceover, editing and background soundtrack addition, for CD, USB etc. Created for Meadows Hypnotherapy, http://www.meadowstherapy.co.uk/ A radio commercial for new presenters Designed to attract new volunteers to the radio station. Broadcast on air. Example of IVR Prompts Allowing your customers to choose the right part of the company. The S.T.A.R.S Project, an audiobook extract An extract, with sound effects A Radio Verulam commercial for Papa Paella caterer With sound effects and music background added
Flash flooding not likely to leave lasting damage on roads ROANOKE, Va. The flash flooding which put parts of Southwest Virginia at a standstill Wednesday is fading away, and it likely has not left much of a lasting impact on the areas major roads. Virginia Department of Transportation spokesperson Jason Bond believes the flooding did not cause any major damage on any highways. He said the biggest challenge is repairing roads severely damaged by Mays rainstorm, particularly Route 116 in Franklin County and Route 460 in Giles County. The Route 116 repairs are estimated to cost $2 million, while the Route 460 repairs have an estimated price tag of $1 million. It has pulled resources off of those repair jobs onto other flooded routes.Bond projects the Route 116 repairs could finish around Labor Day. Catastrophic floods claim at least 25 lives in the Balkans Catastrophic floods claim at least 25 lives in the Balkans Massive floods in the Balkans have killed at least 25 and forced thousands more to evacuate. Some 95,000 homes in Serbia are without electricity as a new wave is expected to surge down the Sava River. Allen Pizzey reports.cbsnews.com
3Marthas best-selling gift set features a super absorbent appliqued burp cloth and a coordinating fabric bib that is backed in 100% thick cotton terry. It comes beautifully packaged in a signature gift box, making it a great gift-on-the-go! Bib: 9" x 12.5" Burp: 14.5" x 21" Gift Box: 5.5" x 8.5" x 1.875" Infant- 2 years Material and Additional Details Bib: 100% pure cotton terry cloth / 100% cotton fabric, 100% cotton fabric trim, hook & loop closure Burp: 100% cotton Bib & Burp: Wash colors separately, cold water, no bleach, dry low heat
No matching results Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc. is one of the nation's leading manufacturers of rugged, reliable firearms for the commercial sporting market. With products made in America, Ruger offers consumers almost 800 variations of more than 40 product lines. For more than 70 years, Ruger has been a model of corporate and community responsibility. Our motto, "Arms Makers for Responsible Citizens®," echoes our commitment to these principles as we work hard to deliver quality and innovative firearms. Rugged, Reliable Firearms®Copyright © 2022 by Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc.
Hillary Clinton rather casually mentioned in an interview with USA Today, published yesterday, something that's a really big deal — if elected president, she will direct the Treasury Department to close the so-called "carried interest" loophole that allows some financial managers to pay a lower tax rate than normal workers. But it would also address what looks to most people like a question of basic fairness — one so elementary that politicians like Donald Trump and Jeb Bush have frequently made a big deal about on the campaign trail. They usually talk about closing the loophole in the context of overall plans to drastically lower taxes on high-income households. Meanwhile, Clinton’s proposal comes in the opposite context of an overall plan to modestly increase the taxes paid by the wealthiest Americans. The notion that the Treasury Department can make this change unilaterally is a longtime contention of Alan Wilensky, who was a deputy assistant secretary at Treasury in the 1990s when fund managers began to exploit the opportunity to pay lower rates. President Obama’s Treasury Department has generally seemed to deny that it has such authority, but obviously a new administration could at least try to leave the courts to sort it out. Carried interest, explained A standard private equity or hedge fund has a compensation structure governed by the principle of 2 and 20. You earn a management fee of 2 percent of the total value of the fund, and you also earn 20 percent of the investment profits. That management fee is taxed like regular income (at a current top rate of 39.6 percent), but the profit share is taxed at the capital gains rate (at a current top rate of 23 percent). Back in the 16th century, the profits of trading ventures to Asia were split between investors who earned a "capital interest" in the voyage and the captain and his key officers, who earned a "carry interest" for doing the work. Through a little linguistic drift, the 20 percent profit share for fund managers has come to be known as carried interest based on analogy to the ship captains of yore. But this carried interest isn't just a fun a piece of nautical history; it's also a valuable loophole because it's taxed at the lower rate used for investment income rather than the higher rate earned for labor income. The policy rationale for taxing investment income at a preferential rate is to encourage people to save a larger share of their income, thus boosting investment activity throughout the economy. But clearly taxing hedge fund managers at a preferential rate doesn't encourage any kind of savings. That's why there's fairly widespread policy agreement that it would be desirable to close this loophole, though of course there is interest group lobbying to keep it place and a lot of room for disagreement about what to do with the money that could be raised. The case for unilateral action Whether or not Treasury has the authority to do this unilaterally hinges on your reading of 26 US Code § 707, which is supposed to govern the situation in which a partner in an enterprise provides services to the partnership "other than in his capacity as a member of such partnership," in which case "the transaction shall, except as otherwise provided in this section, be considered as occurring between the partnership and one who is not a partner." The idea of this rule is that if you are an investor in a partnership but you also earn income by selling services to the partnership, then this latter stream of income needs to be classified as wages rather than as part of your partnership income. And according to the statute, the Treasury secretary is supposed to promulgate rules that help sort out what does and doesn't qualify. The main proposal for unilateral action says the Treasury Department should interpret the statute as saying that investment management services qualify as services provided "other than in his capacity as a member of such partnership." The case against this comes from the legislative history. A mid-'80s Senate Finance Committee report from the time when the law was written indicates that its drafters thought the certainty of income would be a key factor in determining whether income counts as partnership income or service provider income, and since carried interest is based on performance, it doesn't fit the bill. The counterargument, per Fleischer, is that "there is no legal requirement that the regulations follow the legislative history, so long as the regulations are a reasonable interpretation of the statute." Whether or not the courts will ultimately buy that argument is a separate question, but Clinton is committed to at least trying to see if it works.
For custom software development services, trust a company that has been delivering incredible results for more than a decade! Zibtek develops custom software for forward-thinking businesses, helping them accelerate growth and become leaders in their field. Businesses that invest in custom software are forward thinkers, and focus on their customers more than anything else. It’s a competitive world, and capturing, and most importantly keeping customers is #1. Any platform you use, internal or customer-facing, when current, shows you embrace digital transformation, and are ready to compete more effectively. Zibtek helps you create and enhance these customer experiences. It’s our passion. Our talented team has a history of providing custom software development services which help clients solve their most challenging technology problems. While high-quality code and programming are critical elements to developing custom software, the process also involves robust security systems and other powerful features. Our skilled developers have what it takes to bring your custom app to life. They’ll turn your workflow, data entry, monitoring, or any other technology challenge into a solution that lets you reach a higher level of performance, efficiency, and impact. Zibtek offers a best-in-class custom software development service that enables you to unlock innovation and make a difference in your sector. Our low-risk and practical approach to software development is designed to propel your digital transformation and ensure a competitive edge. Our practical agile process. The value we provide significantly and consistently outweighs the financial investment you make.We take multiple upfront steps to ensure your project stays on track and budget. No code is written until we thoroughly understand your organization’s needs, identify potential hurdles, and anticipate issues before, not after, they happen. We stay tied to your needs and don’t build anything your business doesn’t need. We offer different engagement models, including project-based and staff augmentation. We can fully develop your product from start to finish or extend your team quickly, so your major project stays on track. Workplace drug and alcohol screening app received universal accolades from customer.Read More New ERP system developed and resulted in greatly increased customer usage & retention.Read More Sports analytics application becomes the leading data metrics platform in the world.Read More The digital transformation of business is in full swing. Eighty-five percent of enterprise decision-makers report that they have an estimated two years to carry out their digital transformation, or they will fall behind the competition and start to suffer financially. What does that mean for your company? How will you meet the challenge of delivering software solutions that attract and keep customers? What are your plans to give your employees the tools they need to be more productive? How will you meet your business needs next year and after? Customer interaction needs to be a part of every company’s digital strategy. A survey from Microsoft recently found that 90% of consumers expect a company to have a portal for customer service. Consumers are also picky about their experience while interacting with companies. Surprisingly, one in three people say they actually ended a relationship with a company because their digital interaction was not personalized to their specific needs. The cost of software development comes up frequently in conversation. Hundreds, if not thousands of pieces of web applications are created each month.Read More... Learning the 7 lean software development principles is vital to your success. The expression “lean and mean” is just another way of saying, “efficient and successful.” A lean approach to Read More... Selecting the right types of software development for your next project can mean the difference between a successful product launch and a missed opportunity. Read More...
Automatic Dialer Software Professional7 February 2022 16:27 Services Ahmedabad 36 views You want increase agent productivity & to remove manual number dialling? Asterisk2voip provide auto dialer software as a solution for this. Our auto dialer software allows you to assign calls to different agents, depending on certain conditions. Our auto dialer is typically a software-based outbound contact center solution, which helps agents by automatically dialing customers’ phone numbers from a database of leads. Our auto dialing software is scalable, customizable, and easy to use. Many features are includede in our auto dialer like, - Performance and Customized Dashboard - Call Recording - Contact List Management - Call Transfer Options - CRM Integration - Time Zone Management - Real-Time Call Monitoring - Callback Scheduling - Real-Time Reporting If you want to know more about our service, then contact us. skype : asterisk2voip
FrontPage Magazine, April 15, 2011 Interview by Jamie Glazov Frontpage Interview’s guest today is Ying Ma, a visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace at Stanford University. She is the author of the new book, Chinese Girl in the Ghetto , which has been endorsed by Ward Connerly, Founder and President of the American Civil Rights Institute and the man who has led the fight to end state-sponsored racial quotas and preferences across the country; and by Xiao Qiang, Adjunct Professor at the University of California at Berkeley and a prominent Chinese human rights activist. FP: Ying Ma, welcome to Frontpage Magazine. Tell us about your new book. Ying Ma: Thank you Jamie. The book, at its most basic level, is a story about a little girl’s journey from the insidiousness of Chinese authoritarianism to the horrors of inner-city America. The story begins in China in the late 1970s, where economic reforms are rapidly transforming the country into a more hopeful, more colorful place, and where our protagonist immerses herself in a world of fantasy and foreign influences while grappling with the mundane vagaries of Communist rule. In the mid-1980s, she happily immigrates to Oakland, California, expecting her new life to be far better in all ways than life in China. Instead, she discovers crumbling schools, unsafe streets, and racist people. In the land of the free, she comes of age amid the dysfunction of a city’s brokenness and learns to hate in the shadows of urban decay. The book is a story about her journey and how she prevailed. FP: And that little girl is you, you’re the Chinese girl in the ghetto. YM: Yes, the book is autobiographical. It is about my family’s journey from Guangzhou, China’s third largest city, to inner-city Oakland, California. FP: On your website, you refer to the book as “a politically incorrect memoir.” What makes it politically incorrect? Read entire interview here.
Archie Goes Trendspotting With Cosmo The Merry Martian In ‘Archie Comics Double Digest’ #275 [Preview] Of all the improvements that we've seen from the folks at Archie Comics over the past few years, the most incredible might have been their response time to trends. There was a time, as recently as ten or eleven years ago, when attempts to capitalize on what was hot among the the kids these days could take years, to the point where I once saw a comic where Jughead wore a shirt that said "Don't Taze Me, Bro" about two years after that particular meme was in the consciousness. Which, now that I think about it, was probably the least worrying thing about that choice. But no longer! Witness Archie Comics Double Digest #275, where the teens from Riverdale become obsessed with Cosmo GO!, a very familiar phone game about catching cute characters through the magic of augmented reality. Check out a preview (along with a look at the vintage stories that are published alongside it) below! It's worth noting that Cosmo GO! is actually based on one of the more obscure but persistent Archie characters, Cosmo the Merry Martian. Originally appearing in a self-titled series in 1958, Cosmo only lasted for six issues --- all of which, it seems, were published as cliffhangers --- but in the years since, he's appeared pretty frequently in Archie comics as a popular cartoon character who exists within the fiction of Riverdale. Which, you know, is no The Elevenaire, but is still pretty interesting to see. ARCHIE COMICS DOUBLE DIGEST #275 Brand new story! The new game “Cosmo Go!” is all the rage and kids are running all over Riverdale trying to seize rare Cosmo characters to get the biggest prize of all—Cosmo himself! Pop Tate sees the value in becoming a “COSMO STOP” and tries to get in on the success of the game, but through a mix up thanks to Archie, the Lodge mansion becomes a hot spot, and Mr .Lodge does not feel like playing! Find out what happens in “Cosmo Go!”the fun, new lead story to this comics double digest! Script: Dan Parent Art: Dan Parent, Jim Amash, Glenn Whitmore, Jack Morelli Cover: Dan Parent On Sale Date: 1/4 160-page, full color comic
The streaming giant's "Gray Man," from "Avengers: Endgame" directors Joe and Anthony Russo and starring Chris Evans and Ryan Gosling, will have a budget "upward of $200 million," Deadline reported on Friday. The movie stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor Khan, Diljit Dosanjh and Kiara Advani in the lead roles. Even as Honey and Monika reunite, he goes home and breaks down in Deepti's arms, apologising for his past insensitivity. New student Pat McClellan (Marshall) resists his advances, cutting Tommy down to size at a party ("Lucky in Love"). Connie eventually finds out Tommy really loves her and devises a plan to win him back and to get him back on the field. Trouble ensues when they find that the sperms of each couple have been mixed with each other.  During a recent interview and in a Twitter post, Kumar said about Kapoor, "We are extremely fond of each other. Tommy tells his friend and non-playing teammate Bobby Turner (McDonald) that the trick to attracting girls is to show no interest ("Be a Ladies' Man"). Production on "Red Notice" — starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Ryan Reynolds, and Gal Gadot — was delayed earlier this year due to the coronavirus pandemic and no release date has been announced. It has a 28% Rotten Tomatoes critic score. However, during a routine check-up in the seventh month of pregnancy, Sandhya advises Deepti to try talking to Monika, who is probably going through as much as she is emotionally. Three soldiers meet ten years after their last meeting in New York, and find out that they have little in common now. We gathered six movies that Netflix has committed huge amounts of money to, from "Bright" to "The Irishman. A love-struck teacher pursues a radio singer to Hollywood. Netflix's "The Gray Man," from "Avengers: Endgame" directors Joe and Anthony Russo, will cost "upward of $200 million" to make, according to Deadline. He journeyed to England where his dreams of success became real and where he met his future wife Eva Leale (Dorothy Patrick). The doctors suggest that the couples go for a minor procedure so there is no chance of pregnancy. It starred June Allyson, Peter Lawford, Mel Tormé, and Joan McCracken. Meanwhile, Babe Doolittle (McCracken) is seeking to leave a relationship with jealous football player Beef (Tindall) so she can get involved with Bobby Turner. It seems to have worked, as Netflix said that "Triple Frontier" was one of its most popular movies ever and was watched by 63 million households in its first four weeks of release. Good Newwz: Box Office, Budget, Hit or Flop, Predictions, Posters, Cast & Crew, Story, Wiki. Click on the Menu icon of the browser, it opens up a list of options. Joe and Anthony Russo, known for "Avengers: Infinity War" and "Endgame," will direct "The Gray Man" for Netflix, which Deadline reported will have a budget upward of $200 million, making it Netflix's most expensive movie yet. Edens, Martin and Blane were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Pass That Peace Pipe". The screenplay by Betty Comden and Adolph Green was directed by Charles Walters in Technicolor. June Allyson and Patricia Marshall - audio pre-recording of "An Easier Way", DVD information about the 1947 film version, A Party with Betty Comden and Adolph Green, https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Good_News_(1947_film)&oldid=974695376, Films with screenplays by Betty Comden and Adolph Green, Wikipedia articles needing clarification from September 2019, Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License, Performed by Patricia Marshall, Joan McCracken, Mel Tormé, June Allyson, and Peter Lawford, Performed by June Allyson and Peter Lawford, Performed by Joan McCracken, Ray McDonald, and chorus, Performed by June Allyson, Peter Lawford, and chorus, This page was last edited on 24 August 2020, at 13:24. [clarification needed] Summer Stock was released three years later. This chart shows the budget of every film in our database, where we have it. And dig the "Velvet Fog" Mel Torme in his younger days crooning here! However, the newborn is shifted to a critical unit in grave condition, having been born with a respiratory defect, accelerated by Monika's history of miscarriages, with little chance of survival. The data we have is, to the best of our knowledge, accurate but there are gaps and disputed figures. Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Musical. Do you want to clear all the notifications from your inbox? This movie seems a little Busbyish. Good News is one of the most underrated MGM musicals from the '40s I've ever seen from that era. forum to Varun's sister Richa suggests the couple meet reputed fertility specialist Anand Joshi, who suggests they do in vitro fertilisation (IVF), a fertility technique that will enhance their chances. Use the HTML below. Tommy asks Connie to the prom, but reneges when Pat shows interest. A married musical team splits up so the wife can become a serious actress. Note: Budget numbers for movies can be both difficult to find and unreliable. Here click on the “Privacy & Security” options listed on the left hand side of the page. Superhero Bible Object Lessons, Sushant Bike Name, Nomenclature Of Alcohols Pdf, Adorn In A Sentence, Nea Singer Some Say, Gingerly Meaning In Urdu, Tomb Of Tityos Tablet, Types Of Limes, Cleared For Chaos 9/11 Episode 1, Log Dovetail Layout, Minimum Inhibitory Concentration Ppt, What's For Dinner Game, Teaching Mindfulness Book, Royal Enfield Bullet 500, Related Literature Of Bicol Express, Gerber Mark Ii Sheath, Huawei B525 Manual, List Of Articles Grammar, New Hermes Font, Cinnamic Acid Msds, Sword Quench Tank, Slumber Cloud Cumulus Comforter Reddit, Bread Recipes Paul Hollywood, Becca Foundation Price In Pakistan, Caddo Parish Clerk Of Court Divorce Records, Qanba Arcade Stick, Cnidarians Meaning In Tamil, Moto Trials Unblocked, Helicopter Hoist Operator Jobs, 9 Choirs Of Angels, Bimini Gin Review, Westfield Parramatta Jp Service, Excerpt From The Wreck Of The Titan Chapter 1 Summary, Lake Norman Rentals, List Of Articles Grammar, Agfy Minecraft Windows 10,
Welcome to Lardeau Valley Time. Through this blog, I hope to take you on various adventures through the Lardeau Valley in the West Kootenays, British Columbia. This is a special valley, hidden off the beaten track in the south east corner of BC – filled with beautiful scenery, wildlife and history. Using my camera and love of the area, I hope to entice you to come and see it with your own camera and eye. And then you will experience Lardeau Valley Time. It’s a slower, calmer, restful time that will draw you into the area and make you want to stay a very long time. I haven’t always been a photographer. For 30 years, I was a marketing professional in Calgary. I also spent some time teaching marketing at the University of Calgary in the management faculty. I was mainly in the communications industry, focussed on business development, advertising and Internet development. I was ‘there’ when the Internet was still in the stage of ‘what will it do for us?’ And was lucky enough to take part in some of the debates about the social implications of this new medium. Blogging was something no one could see coming. All through that time I was concerned with how to communicate effectively with people. Always large groups of people. The goal was to ensure that they all received and understood the message the same way. Then I took up photography….. Photography blew my mind! Taking a photograph consciously or subconsciously involves having a message in mind. I see something I want to capture with my camera that will tell a story I see. But the amazing thing is that each person I show it to has an slightly different perspective to that story. I am fascinated with how my photographs start a ‘conversation’ with my viewers. I enjoy seeing what they see, remember or enjoy through my photographs. This discovery was the start of my journey in the Lardeau Valley and led to my blog. As a photographer of over 25 years, I have never been bored photographing my world. There is always a new shot, a better shot, a special moment to capture. And most of them have been shot here in the Lardeau Valley – within 100 km of my front door. I never leave home without my camera and there are so many times I have been thankful for that planning! It is amazing what contortions I can go through to get to my camera FAST. Of course, this is always after I stop my truck – well, nearly always. Luck is a big part of my photography as you will see as we explore the Valley. Luck in finding subjects and yes some luck getting the shots. I should let you know that I am a semi professional photographer, retired from the hectic business life of Calgary, Alberta. I’m living my retirement dream in this photographers’ paradise. I love writing and photography so decided this is a way to do both and share my world. While I do show my photographs in galleries in the area, I am sometimes frustrated that my photos are shown without a complete context. The viewer doesn’t know when I took the photo, why I took that one and what was happening when I took it. So perhaps a blog will give the the opportunity to complete the picture. Let’s see! I now publish photography books and will occasionally feature them here. Also, I have a fine art site where some of my photographs are available for sale: If you see a photograph here that you would like to purchase, visit my art site. If it’s not there, send me an email.
The college basketball season is around the corner and several Colorado players are getting some preseason love. CBS Sports’ Kyle Boone, Matt Norlander and Gary Parish named four players with Colorado ties to their ranking of the top 101 best players in college basketball entering the 2019-20 season. Here’s a look at where they landed on the list: No. 16 — Colorado Buffaloes guard McKinley Wright IV“This is one tough cat. Wright suffered a torn labrum last December and still managed to maneuver the rest of the Pac-12 slate with the bum shoulder, waiting until April to fix it with surgery. Now that he’s healed up he’s going to be expected to shoulder big expectations as the Buffaloes look to win the Pac-12 for the first time ever,” Boone writes. No. 39 — Providence forward Alpha Diallo (Denver West)“Diallo is the best PC player on a roster filled with top 150-type players. Truth is, we could come to find we ranked him 20 spots too low. Last season, the 6-7 small forward averaged 16.0 points, 8.1 rebounds, 3.1 assists, 1.6 steals. Fifty-four percent of his shots were foul shots, which ranked top-100 in college hoops,” Norlander writes. No. 59 — Colorado Buffaloes forward Tyler Bey“With teammate McKinley Wright IV nursing a shoulder injury for most of Pac-12 play, Bey emerged as one of the best talents in the league, averaging 13.6 points and a whopping 9.9 rebounds per game. Among Pac-12 players, he ranked top 10 in usage, offensive and defensive rebounding percentage, and fouls drawn per 40 minutes, according to KenPom.com,” Boone writes. No. 95 — Colorado State center Nico Carvacho“Already Colorado State’s all-time leading rebounder and the second-leading rebounder in Mountain West Conference history, Carvacho’s 35 career double-doubles are also a school record. The 6-11 forward averaged 16.1 points and 12.9 rebounds in 31.6 minutes per game last season. If he averages the same amount of points this season, and stays healthy, Carvacho will finish in the top five of the Rams’ all-time scoring list,” Parish writes.
Hidden Object Crosswords Genre: Hidden Object, Word Available on: iPad, PC, Mac Solve riddles and find Hidden Objects in Hidden Object Crossword, a unique blend of two incredible styles of gameplay! Challenge yourself to find the different answers in each tough level of this ridiculously fun game. Take on the world’s most popular word game and succeed getting extra hints from the helpful butterfly. Discover a world of relaxation and challenge with Hidden Object Crosswords, a dynamic blend of two favorite pastimes. Try a whole new twist to Hidden Object games when you search for clues to complete Crossword puzzles. Simply click on the crossword puzzle to get a riddle hint, then try to figure out the item. How fast can you complete the puzzle to earn rewarding trophies? Search for clues and find the answers in more than 50 challenging levels. Fill in the blank to pop culture references, figure out proverbs, and decipher clever riddles. If you get stuck, click on the firefly for a letter hint, or click on the Hint button to reveal the item. With a relaxing pace, a soothing soundtrack, and wonderful riddles to solve, this unique game combination will surely keep you engaged. Try the free trial version or downloading the full-unlimited version of Hidden Object Crosswords today! • Enjoy a blend of Hidden Object and Crossword Puzzles in this fantastic challenge. • Search for clues and find the answers in more than 50 challenging levels. • Fill in the blank to pop culture references, figure out proverbs, and more. • Collect a firefly for a letter hint, or click on the Hint button to reveal the item. • Play with a relaxing pace and a soothing soundtrack.
Posted by Wieslawa Kaliszczak-Jones on My husband said I needed to write a blog about Pityriasis Rosea, Lichen Planus, Psoriasis, Eczema, and our company, Nature Pure Life. I will give insights on what we do, how we started, and what we have learned about these diseases over the past 4 years. - 1 comment - Tags: Eczema, Lichen Planus, LichensEze, Nature Pure Life, Pityriasis Rosea, PrrEze, Psoriasis, PsoriasisEze, Xzema
Join date: Apr 18, 2022 Hi, guys! I am Alina, a senior printer support executive. I help people with the hp solution center download errors and queries. If you have other printing issues, feel free to contact me. I provide online help 24x7 in all parts of the world.
This article is a reproduction of Josh Bersin’s November 2018 Article on LinkedIn documenting his research on employee happiness and learning. We are very grateful to Josh for allowing us to reproduce his insightful findings. We just completed some interesting research with LinkedIn, and the results are in: if you want to really enjoy your job, spend more time learning. In the research we just completed, we found that employees who spend time at work learning are 47% less likely to be stressed, 39% more likely to feel productive and successful, 23% more ready to take on additional responsibilities, and 21% more likely to feel confident and happy. And the more you learn, the happier you become. Here’s the research… We completed a large survey with LinkedIn (2,400 professionals responded) and asked professionals a series of questions about where they spend their time at work. We also asked them what drives their feelings of satisfaction at work. These seven findings are both astounding and intuitive at the same time. 1. When you ask professionals what inspires them at work, it’s all about the job and growth. (Not the free lunch.) It’s obvious when you think about it. The most inspiring thing about work is the work itself .. and the opportunity to grow. I talk about this frequently when I do workshops on the employee experience. Of course, we want the work environment to be great, but ultimately the employee experience is all about the job. (You can read more about “meaningful work” here.) (P.S. In the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Brazil, India, and Germany “opportunity to learn and grow” is higher than the nature of the work itself.) 2. When you ask people why they would leave a job, it’s because they couldn’t learn. Second, consider the answer to the question “what would make you leave your job?” Among these professionals, they state their ability to learn and grow is roughly twice as important as getting a raise, and more than twice as important than the relationship with their manager. This reinforces the point I’ve been making for the last year: “The Learning Curve is the Earning Curve.” As soon as you feel you’re no longer growing, it’s time to look for a new job. (Note: in the UK the biggest reason for leaving is “working too hard, unhealthy work environment” and in India the #1 reason is “not getting an adequate raise.” This gives you some insights on the issues in those countries.) 3. Professionals work a lot of hours. So learning on the job is not always easy. As I’ve been talking about in my talks about in the article Learning in the Flow of Work, professionals don’t have a lot of spare time. Two-thirds of us work more than 40 hours per week and almost a quarter of us work more than 50 hours a week. So if you want to learn and progress, you have to do it “on the job” and “in the job.” Watch my video on “Learning in the Flow of Work” if you’d like to understand this more. 4. We waste a lot of time on email. Way too much. We have to fight our way out of email and messaging. According to this research, more than a quarter of us are wasting a day a week on messages that don’t contribute to our jobs. This means we need to step away from work to learn, learn in the flow, and learn through projects and mentors, otherwise we won’t have time. This obviously gets in the way of our ability to grow and learn, so we have to force ourselves to step away. Here is the data by country by the way. You can see that countries with stronger growth (Hong Kong, India, Middle East, France) are harder working countries. By the way, France is now one of the most innovative growth economies in Europe. 5. Despite all this, many professionals really do find time to learn! We looked at how much time professionals spend learning at work, and the data is amazing. Among these 2,000+ professionals a significant number (7%) are taking up to five hours a week or more to learn. They’re reading, taking classes, watching courses, or doing other things to advance their skills and careers. Why are they spending so much time learning? Because it pays off. 6. The Heavy Learners are more engaged, productive, and successful than their peers! How do these “heavy learners perform?” Look at the data. It will blow your mind. They are happier, less stressed, more productive, confident, and more ready to grow. And when you look at the “medium learners” vs. the “light learners,” they are seeing similar results. 14% more happy, 13% less stressed, 16% more productive, and 32% more likely to know where they go with their career. So even spending a small amount of time learning really matters! I also want to point out that “more learning is better than less.” The data shows that the heavy learners are seeing almost 3-times more positive results than the light learners. (Udemy’s new research shows this also.) So you have to make time to focus and learn. 7. This is not just a good thing for you, it’s good for your company. In MIT and Deloitte’s most recent study of digital transformation (more than 4,300 executives participated) the most successful, fast-growing, digitally enabled companies are differentiated by one thing: they’ve transformed the way individuals and organizations learn. And this means learning all the time, not just once a year. Among these highest performing companies, MIT and Deloitte found that 73% of employees in these companies are updating their skills every six months and 44% are updating them continuously. In other words, today’s successful companies are those who learn fast, learn well, and learn all the time. Bottom Line: If you want to have a happy, dynamic career, make learning a high priority. If you’re a professional reading this, open up your calendar and block out a few hours a week to read, take an online course, or do a developmental project of your own. I often take time on weekends, for example, to read and teach myself something new. With tools like LinkedIn Learning you can find videos on almost any topic you’re interested in. If you’re an L&D leader or manager, consider this research in your strategy. Your job is not just to “teach,” it’s to create an environment where people can truly learn in the flow of work. Give people an environment to learn; promote and reward development; reward experts and leaders for teaching others; and look at the new learning platforms that let people learn in the flow of work. As Thomas Picketty states in his book “Capital in the 21st Century,” learning is the key to your career. “Over 300 years of economic history, the principal and most enduring mechanism for distribution of wealth and reduction in inequality is the diffusion of skills and knowledge.” And it makes you happier too. About the research. LinkedIn conducted surveys of 2,049 business professionals (all roles, including 624 freelancers, project workers, and entrepreneurs) in August of 2018. This included employees from the UK, Nordics, Netherlands, Luxembourg, Germany, France, Australia, India, Singapore, and Hong Kong. These were individuals who had paid for some form of online learning through LinkedIn.
- AAA grade freshwater pearls - Natural white colour - Hand soldered fittings for extra security - 5mm - 5.5mm size This baby's first white rice pearl bracelet is handmade from AAA grade natural white freshwater pearls in an evenly matched 5 - 5.5mm size. Each pearl has been hand picked for its excellent surface quality and superior lustre and the bracelet is finished with a sterling silver heart clasp, 1" extension chain, silver beads and bullion. All fittings have been hand soldered for extra security and to provide a longer lasting fit. Safety Note: Sugarpuss London baby bracelets are designed for birth, christening, or heirloom gifts only. Like most jewellery pieces designed for children, this bracelet contains small parts that could present a choking hazard,so adult supervision is required at all items. Jewellery pieces are NOT toys and should NOT be given to babies or very young children to play with.
I had a viewer ask the following question, “Can I eat yogurt and unpasteurized goat’s milk or curd on stage two of the Candida Crusher diet? I’ve just completed two and a half weeks on the MEVY diet.” Goat’s milk yogurt is generally less allergenic than cow’s milk. In a very, very tiny percentage of people, goat’s milk can cause a problem. However, most people can tolerate goat’s milk products just fine. - Everything You Need To Know About Candida Auris - Difference Between Conventional Medicine and Natural Solution for Candida Yeast Infections - Is Your Discharge Normal? - Perseverance is Key: 12 Tips for Sticking with Your Candida Program – Part 2 - All You Need To Know About Giardia Lamblia If it is a new food for you, proceed cautiously. I wouldn’t introduce goat’s milk yogurt yet if it is an entirely new food for you. You are probably better off waiting a while and focusing on food and beverages that aren’t new to you. Remember, you are changing the environment in your gut. You’re changing your intestinal bacteria. If you add a novel food into the mix, you could cause reactions that might be misinterpreted as stemming from a die-off reaction. You can add goat’s milk yogurt to the Candida Crusher diet, but you should be cautious if you’ve not previously had the food. In that case, I’d leave it for further down the track when you are introducing other foods. That’s my take on it.
The spectacular advancements in the realm of medical science and technology that our globe has witnessed in the recent decades have been largely possible, primarily due to the amalgamation of medical science, engineering and basic science. Considering the challenges presented by medical science today, the country needs a new breed of skilled professionals who can work towards the fusion of medical science with technology and can bridge the two disciplines. Realizing the demand, IIT Kharagpur started the School of Medical Science and Technology (SMST) in the year 2001, with the objective to provide a platform of interdisciplinary teaching and research in diverse areas of medical science and technology. The school appeared as the first and the "only" of its kind in the country with a mission to have doctors, scientists and engineers working collectively to provide a platform of interdisciplinary teaching and research in the field of medical science and technology who can lead to a better integrated healthcare delivery system in India. Our vision is to have a medical academic institute with a multi-specialty research centre at its core, with the motto of education and collaboration for biomedical research and development, alongside treatment and healthcare delivery. Keeping with this philosophy, Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur (IITKGP) in collaboration with Tata Medical Center, Kolkata announces: Joint MSc-PhD Programs in (a)Molecular Medical Microbiology (b)Medical Physics * (c)Nuclear Medicine * Molecular Medical Microbiology (Download course details) This course aims to train candidates specializing in molecular diagnosis of diseases, who can work in hospitals and contribute to the decision making process along with the core medical practitioners. Additionally, the course aims to train medical doctors in advanced molecular diagnosis of microbes and pathogens. Medical Physics (Download course details) Medical intervention in the modern era, involves evidence based systemic therapy, surgical therapy and radiation therapy. Radiation therapy involves the use of high energy X-Rays, and charged particles to interact with living cells and cause preferential killing of cancer cells. To that end, the Medical Physics course aims to integrate in-depth knowledge of physics, radiobiology, and particle matter interaction to complement the medical knowledge of physicians. Nuclear Medicine (Download course details) Nuclear Medicine is the branch of medical science and technology which utilizes the radioisotopes for diagnosis and treatment of various disorders which are unique to augment conventional management strategies. This course aims to train experts who can act as Nuclear Medicine Technologists in clinical settings and also contribute towards research and development in the field. Students of each programs will participate in the course work and acquire in-depth theoretical knowledge and extensive practical experience in laboratory/clinical settings at IIT Kharagpur and TMC-Kolkata. Degrees will be awarded by IIT Kharagpur. M.Sc. in Molecular Medical Microbiology and Nuclear Medicine are of two years? duration. After completion of M.Sc, eligible candidates may get admission in Ph.D program as per IIT Kharagpur norms. In PhD work students will be involved in the relevant clinico-fundamental and applied medical research in collaboration with medical experts. Medical Physics students have to undergo compulsory 12 months? internship in a relevant hospital setting to fulfil essential AERB criteria. This may also be availedas one-year post M.Sc. paid internship at Tata Medical Centre, Kolkata Interested and qualified candidates are requested to visit JAM 2019 website (http://jam.iitkgp.ac.in/) for necessary details about the application and follow the procedure accordingly. For details contact at firstname.lastname@example.org School of Medical Science and Technology Note: * Pending Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) approval.
Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about. Republic is trying to eliminate glass at their facility. Glass is very hard on the equipment. Also there is a limited demand for the recycled glass. Republic has stated that a majority of glass that is taken to the facility ends up at the landfill. Show All Answers The recycling program began on July 1st, 2020 with a few changes. Please be aware of the following: The trash containers are black, and the recycling carts are blue. If you are missing a trash bin (the black bin) or recycling bin (the blue bin), please contact the Department of Public Service at 734-728-1770 or Email Dept. of Public Service. You can also Submit a Service Request. No, it is the same day as it has always been. Wayne County Recycling Information State of Michigan Recycling Information Not at this time; the residents who have two bins from the previous program will be able to keep their two bins. Please contact Priority Waste at 1-586-228-1200, email them at firstname.lastname@example.org, or visit our Special Pickup Page to request a special pick up. For curbside recycling pickup , trash pickup, compost pickup, and special pickup questions, please call Priority Waste at 1-586-228-1200. For other sanitation questions, please call the Department of Public Service at 1-734-728-1770. No, the recycling bin is only for recycling materials. The City is charged additional costs if the recycling is contaminated with garbage. Report the damage to the Department of Public Service by submitting a Service Request, emailing Dept. of Public Service or calling 734-728-1770. Please place the carts on your easement, behind the curb for pickup. Do not put them in the street. Make sure they are not blocked by parked cars, fire hydrants, trees, or utility poles. A spot will need to be cleared for placement. Do not place the cart in the street, as it will interfere with snow plowing. The City has stickers available for your bin that are being delivered to every home in the City starting December 5, 2020. Stickers are also available for pickup from Westland City Hall. No, please do not put recyclables in any kind of plastic bag. Plastic bags will jam up the recycling machines. The carts have wheels for easy movement. However, 64 gallon containers are being offered to those who might have more difficulty maneuvering them. Rubbish will need to be placed in plastic garbage bags and then into the cart for pickup. Do not overload the cart. If the lid cannot close, it is too full. All materials to be recycled must be placed inside the cart, even materials that previously had to be placed outside the bins, such as cardboard. All materials to be recycled must fit inside the cart, or they will not be picked up for recycling. You can also get additional details on the City’s website, the Recycling Simplified website, or call the Department of Public Service at 734-728-1770. Mailings and inserts in water bills will periodically have recycling information. Yes, residents will be required to call Priority Waste at 1-586-228-1200, email at email@example.com, or connect online for a special pickup of larger items. As of July 2018, this is a free service for up to 8 extra bags of trash and/or 3 bulk items per week. Yes, please remove the label prior to recycling the can. You can recycle the label with other recyclable paper items. Yes, please leave the lid on any plastic bottle and recycle them together. Lids are too small to recycle separately. Unfortunately, you will not be able to use any other container for placement of household trash other than City provided containers, should you need more space than the 96 gallon container provided by the City, it is suggested that you contact the City of Westland Department of Public Service at 734-728-1770 and request another additional trash container at an additional cost of $60 per year (additional cost attributed to landfill costs). You can also purchase one at the City of Westland Webstore The City will be providing a 96 gallon container for collection of your trash as well. Collection of items that are too large to fit in the containers will continue as it has been in the past, the resident is required to contact Priority Waste: The request must be placed at least 48 hours ahead of the next collection day to insure pickup. Food and beverage container glass is accepted at the Westland Recycle Center. No, do not put plastic toys in the recycle bin. Over the years, our All American City has grown. It has become necessary for the City to change some resident’s collection day to guarantee that collection stays on schedule. Use our interactive collection map to find your address and collection day. No, do not put plastic hangers in the recycle bin. If your collection day has not been changed, your recycling pickup will also not be changed. Should your collection day be changed, you will receive a two weeks advanced notice, with your new collection day enclosed. No, do not put old metal tools in the recycle bin. Old metal tools can be taken to the Westland Recycle Center instead. No, do not put any old appliances in the recycle bin. They can be taken to the Westland Recycle Center on Marquette. You can request a special pick up through our website, calling the Department of Public Service at 734-728-1770 or by coming to the Westland City Hall. If you have any other questions regarding special pick up, you can contact the Department of Public Service at 734-728-1770. Yes, you can contact the City of Westland, Department of Public Service through our online store, or by coming into the Westland City Hall to request another trash container at an additional cost of: City Hall is located at:36300 Warren RoadWestland, MI 48185 If you have any question regarding the purchase of an extra trash bin you can contact the Department of Public service at 734-728-1770. No, batteries can be recycled at the following locations: There is a drop box for batteries at these locations. No, Clothes cannot be put in the recycle bin. Clothes can be recycled in the Blue Clothing bins located throughout the City, including City Hall and the Westland Recycle Center. If you are not sure on a specific item you can go to the City’s website. The Public Service Department has a Recycling page or visit the Recycling Simplified website. The collection of compostable material will remain the same as it has always been in the City of Westland. Glass beverage and food jars can be dropped of at the Westland Recycle Center located at 37137 Marquette, Westland. The containers need to be be rinsed out of any food residue, clean, and dry before being recycled. Move out quotes are now available directly from Priority Waste! Please contact Priority Waste by: At this time, they are not recyclable.
|Go to today| Professor Guy-Uriel Charles will present the 2021 Cutler Lecture. He is currently the Edward and Ellen Schwarzman Professor of Law at Duke Law School. Admission is free and all are welcome. Come for an evening of honest storytelling, refreshing vulnerability, and inspirational courage. With bravery and grace, six William & Mary students will share their survivor stories of eating disorder and recovery. This open and non-structured space has been established for W&M students who identify as questioning, transgender, non-binary, gender queer, gender-nonconforming and are interested in connecting with others with similar identities/shared experiences. Join the VBA on Wednesday, October 6th, to learn more about the VBA Law School Council, upcoming networking and interview prep events, as well as 1L and 2L opportunities to get involved.
The ACT Government has engaged Rork Projects to help put the soul back into the heart of Canberra’s City Centre. Rork Projects has been appointed as construction manager of the ACT Government’s City Walk Upgrade – a project which will revitalise the iconic avenue making it more a more attractive, accessible, and exciting destination. The $1.6 million investment from ACT Government will see the City Renewal Authority lead major landscape improvements to the section of City Walk between Garema Place and Ainslie Place. Rork Projects Canberra General Manager Scott Lamb welcomed the opportunity to work with the ACT Government on such an iconic Canberra location. “It’s an exciting project for us as we know how much Canberrans engage with and enjoy this iconic space and we look forward to helping refresh their experiences in the city.” The upgrade will provide major benefits to local businesses by making the area a more appealing place to visit and spend time, as well as directing the majority of pedestrians closer to shopfronts and building entries along the sides of City Walk. The upgrade will also feature new garden beds, 3,000 new plants, new furniture, and 14 new Japanese elms to replace some of the underperforming trees. As well as a new gardens beds there will be lawn areas to provide a conformable and welcoming open space. The work will include; - 17 new steel framed garden beds - 3 new ground level garden beds - 630 square metres of lawns - 14 advanced Japanese elm trees - Pavement upgrades, and - A variety of tables and seating The work is expected to be completed before the normally busy summer season begins. The launch of the project was marked by a traditional smoking ceremony by Ngunnawal man Ritchie Allan.
In a 2021 survey, 32% of all workers reported they were either “not too” or “not at all” confident that they would have enough money to pay for their medical expenses in retirement.1 Regardless of your confidence, however, being aware of potential healthcare costs during retirement will help you understand how much you should budget for healthcare in your retirement income planning. The first step in being aware of potential healthcare costs is understanding the different types of expenses. Here, we’ll explain the three main categories of healthcare costs in retirement. The first cost in healthcare to consider is your Medicare Part B premium. According to Medicare.gov, your premium amount depends on your adjusted gross income (AGI) as reported on your IRS tax return.2 Most people pay the standard premium amount of $148.50/month, but the premium can go up to $504.90/month depending on your AGI. In addition to your premium, you’ll also have to consider the Part B deductible which, in 2021, was $203. After you meet your deductible for the year, you will likely pay 20% of most doctor services, outpatient therapies and some durable medical equipment (walkers, wheelchairs, canes, etc.). The next healthcare cost in retirement that you should consider are any copayments related to Medicare-covered services that are not paid by Medicare Supplement Insurance plans (aka Medigap) or other health insurance. These copays can relate to specialist visits, prescription costs and other healthcare needs that aren’t completely paid for by your insurance. Drug costs can vary by pharmacy, supplier costs, whether there is a generic option and more. Speaking of prescription drug costs, once you and your plan spend a combined $4,130 (including deductible) on drugs in 2021, you’ll pay no more than 25% of the cost for prescription drugs until your out-of-pocket spending is $6,550.3 Expenses Not Covered by Medicare Lastly, there are the healthcare expenses which may not be covered by Medicare and this is where your healthcare costs in retirement have the potential to skyrocket. One example of a service that may not be covered under Medicare is long-term care. This includes medical and non-medical care for people who are unable to care for themselves. Medicare and most health insurance plans don’t pay for long-term care. In addition to long-term care, Medicare may not cover expenses related to4: - Most dental care - Eye exams related to prescribing glasses - Cosmetic surgery - Hearing aids and exams for fitting them - Routine foot care While Medicare is a great option for many healthcare expenses for retirees, some people also choose to purchase a Medicare health plan to cover some of the above rather than paying out of pocket. Medicare health plans are health plans offered by a private company that contract with Medicare to provide health benefits.5 They may cover expenses that the regular Medicare plan doesn’t. One example of a Medicare health plan is a Medicare Advantage Plan. Medicare Advantage Plans are offered by Medicare-approved private companies and may offer a higher level of coverage depending on your needs.6 Sometimes, Medicare Advantage Plans are called Medicare Part C. The costs associated with a Medicare Advantage Plan will vary depending on the health insurance company you purchase your policy from. You can also choose between a Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) plan and a Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) plan. You must have Medicare Part A and Part B coverage to apply for a Medicare Advantage Plan. There are many healthcare costs in retirement, from routine checkups to unexpected medical expenses. Building the cost of medical insurance into your retirement plan is an important part of retirement income planning. This content is developed from sources believed to be providing accurate information, and provided by Twenty Over Ten. It may not be used for the purpose of avoiding any federal tax penalties. Please consult legal or tax professionals for specific information regarding your individual situation. The opinions expressed and material provided are for general information, and should not be considered a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security.
I Love Bracing 11 oz Ceramic Mug Bracing tshirts, mugs, hats and other I Love Bracing gifts. Thank you for sharing this product with friends and family. I Love Bracing products available on tshirts,sweatshirt 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE If you have any issue, we'll make it right! Return or exchange your purchase within 30 days - even if its personalized.
Beautiful handmade mug, with sgraffito decoration and covered with a rich, glossy, clear glaze, that adds to the design. Made from stoneware ceramics, the colour is a soft, delicate cream, with dark navy/black surface decoration. Each is formed entirely by hand. Surface decoration is done with underglazes, carving, sgraffito and mishima. Mug will hold approximately 14 floz (410mL), and measures 3.75"x 3.5" (9.5cm x 9cm). Mug 14 oz Mugs are dishwasher and microwave safe.
7 Facts About Fragrances You Probably Didn’t Know Aren’t fragrances just lovely? From their unique and intricate bottle designs right down to the base notes, fragrances has certainly been a staple in captivating our hearts. They pack so much personality in one bottle that you just can’t help but spritz some on before heading out. Not to mention, the confidence that fragrances instills upon you is unlike any other. That said, can you honestly say that you know everything about perfumes despite using and loving them for years? Chances are, you probably think you do, but here is a list that will prove you wrong as the depth of fragrances go far beyond their scent. As such, here are 7 lesser known facts about fragrances that you probably didn’t know. 1. Moisturizing Before Applying Perfume is a Must Prior to applying your fav scents all over your sweet spots, you might want to moisturize those areas properly. In doing so, your perfume will actually last much longer as the moisturizer will diffuse much better on moisturized and hydrated skin. 2. Do Not Spray Perfume On Your Hair I am sure you may have seen it in some shows or cartoons and you may even have done it yourself. After all, you might want reassure yourself that you smell even better but PLEASE refrain from doing so. You see, perfumes contain alcohol and special oils which, when sprayed on your hair will cause extreme dryness thus leading to scalp irritation and maybe even dandruff. 3. Rubbing On Your Wrists is a No-No If you’re stuck in the habit of rubbing your wrists together after applying perfume on them, for the love of all things that are holy, STOP! Perfumes are a very delicate and complex combination of scents that are defined by 3 primary notes which are: top notes, heart notes, and base notes. By rubbing your wrists together, you completely destroy all three of those notes and alter the scent completely. This is because the friction caused by rubbing your wrists together increases the interaction between the fragrance and your skin’s natural oils, which ends up distorting the scent. It is honestly super triggering when I see people who purchase those hyper-expensive luxury perfumes like ‘Creed Aventus’ and commit fragrance blasphemy by rubbing in the scent. 4. Always Apply Fragrances on Pulse Points Rather than wasting your precious perfume by dousing yourself in it, try to target certain points in your body which increase the effect of the fragrance. These points are known as pulse points and they radiate heat, which in turn, helps your perfume radiate into the air. They are located on your inner wrists, base of your neck, behind your earlobes, and your inner elbows. No, your armpits are not pulse points so please stop spraying it there. As a matter of fact, spraying your expensive perfumes on your armpits is not just a waste, it also makes you smell even worse due the musty smell your underarms give off combined with the intensity of the perfume. 5. The Same Scent Will Smell Different on Other People When you apply perfume, the oils in the perfume will get mixed in with your own and therefore give off a different scent. Now that is the general understanding of it, but did you also know that the environment and your diet actually plays a huge role in how your perfume smells on you as compared to others? Well now you probably know why some of your friends still loathe your scent despite you using some of the best perfumes on the market. 6. Give Your Nose a Break While you’re shopping for new fragrances, it would be wise to not suffocate your self with too many scents at one point as your nose won’t be able to distinguish the different scents. The rule of thumb here, is to avoid trying more than three perfumes in a row. You can also clear up your nasal passage by taking a deep breath against your shirt or use the bowl of coffee beans that most perfume shops will have on hand. 7. Women’s Fragrances Aren’t Just For Women If you want to wear Chanel No.5, then by all means. Do not let the marketing of the perfume define what you should or shouldn’t wear. After all, you should pick the fragrances that are the most suited for you and that you love. This also applies to women as well.
As an Amazon Affiliate I may earn a small commission from items purchased in this post. Thank you for reading and for your support! I’m updating this post since finding out some of the most special people in my life are expecting their first babies + it’s a strange time with COVID where you can’t really go browse all the stores to register for all the things + a few things have changed since I originally shared this in 2018 (yikes, rock-n-plays!). When we had L, I might have gone slightly overboard with some things (see: my drawer full of adorable swaddles that I refuse to get rid of because they are cute — and maybe pricey). Now I can say that we’ve learned a lot about what you actually need and what is unnecessary. Live and learn, right? My most favorite items/most necessary items and what I’d recommend adding as priorities to your registry are: - A glider/rocker for the nursery - A bassinet so you can keep baby in your room for the first few months - A crib (this seems self explanatory) - Crib Sheets (get two sets) - Crib mattress - A stroller — this is personal preference. We had both a travel system stroller that I could clip our infant carseat into and also my beloved BOB jogging stroller so I could be the running mom I wanted to be - A good carseat for your newborn and for when you upgrade into a normal carseat (check out this website for great info on carseats) - A thermometer — for infants you really need the rectal thermometer but we also have this one which is now great for our toddler A few things specific to baby: - Soft towels and wash cloths for bath time - Bath essentials like body wash and lotion - Bottles — get a few different kinds to try (don’t go all in on one brand) - Swaddles — we had traditional swaddles, the Love to Dream Swaddle and eventually Zipadee Zips until L was almost 3. - Diapers — you don’t need many newborn diapers if your baby is full-term, but you’ll want to get size 1, 2 and maybe even 3. You might have to try a couple different brands to find what works. I think if we ever have another, I’ll try cloth diapering because of how long it takes regular diapers to breakdown in a landfill. - Wipes — you’ll need lots of these so go ahead and stock up! - Infant Tylenol and Motrin — you can alternate these if baby gets sick and you’ll want to have it on hand versus having to run out to get it! - Nail clippers — this will be terrifying at first but you’ll get the hang of it - Side button onesies — those tiny necks are so fragile looking, with these you can slip on over the arms and not have to pull anything over the head - Zip up sleepers — on the same note as above, get a 2 way zip sleeper and you’ll thank yourself at 2 AM. - Diaper rash cream or ointment — we didn’t really need this until L was a bit older but glad to have it on hand anyway - Teething toy (try putting it in the freezer to help the babe even more!) A few things specific to mama: - If you plan on trying to breastfeed:Breastmilk bags Breast pads (to save your bra and shirts from leakage) - Mom’s One Line a Day book – I love writing down little things L has done or said in this book and hope one day he’ll look back at it and smile at those memories - Boppy or My Brestfriend Pillow: this will save your back - A wrap or carrier: I had the Solly Baby wrap and we have an Ergo but Landon wore the Ergo more often than I did Things that will save your sanity: - Backpack diaper bag — this handsfree bag will make your life so much easier - Monitor — a good monitor will help you sleep easier - Bottle and pump part steamer bags — don’t have time to sanitize everything? Toss it in here and in the microwave. You’ll be done in 5 minutes and have clean parts, bottles and time back in your life! - Waterproof crib mattress cover — get 2, if one gets dirty, you can put the other one on and not worry about your mattress getting messed up while one is being washed! - Hand sanitizer — you won’t want grubby hands touching baby if you have visitors (Having a winter baby, I was extra cautious) - Sound machine — you won’t need to worry about making noise while baby is sleeping if you have a good white noise machine (we also had a travel one that saved us on car rides!) - Pacifier/Wubbanub – L only used his for falling asleep and only until he was about 1 but it was a clear part of the routine and he was ready to fall asleep each time he had it. - A swing or rocker of sorts – we had the rock n’ play and loved it but obviously don’t recommend it given what has come out in recent years. The MamaRoo is popular and any of the swings are good — not for sleep but for the parents to get a few hands free minutes (though you’ll probably want to snuggle all the time!) - A play mat – we used this for tummy time and when L got a little older for kicking and grabbing onto things - Pack n’ Play – we used this all the time at home and also for travel for the first 2 years (we even bought a cheap one to take to Ireland with us for L to sleep in!) Things you may or may not want to register for: - Diaper genie and refills: great to have if you can’t run a diaper out to the trash right away - High chair: you’ll eventually want one and I HIGHLY recommend the Ikea one but we also had this one and a counter high chair - Mobile: we had one for our crib, our pack n’ play and stroller. Maybe overkill but the babe really liked it. - Books: black and white books are great for babies but it doesn’t hurt to also register for some other faves like Sandra Boynton - Bottle drying rack: you can put your bottles and pump parts on here - Bottle cleaning brush: this will help get down in the bottles - Owlet or Snuza: we didn’t have this but I wish we did. It may have helped calm my anxiety - Baby clothes – people will buy you lots anyway but it can be helpful to register for a few to show your style or specific brands you like - Car seat cover: I had one and used it religiously for my winter baby and it also doubled as a nursing cover - An umbrella stroller: you won’t use this at first but it’ll be handy later on when kiddo has more head control - Burp cloths: babies spit up and drool but you don’t necessarily need special cloths to clean that up - Waterproof cover for Boppy: again, babies spit up and drool and you’ll be using this lots - Teething necklace — easy for baby to chew on and not ruin your actual jewelry - Car seat mat — save the seats of your car with this mat - Rain Cover for stroller — we didn’t do a lot of walks/runs in the rain but it came in handy in Ireland 🤣 - Bath tub — you don’t necessarily HAVE to have a baby bath tub but it can be helpful when they’re tiny. - Clothes hangers for baby clothes - Lactation cookies – these were a fave - Grocery pick up / delivery service: I’ve hardly gone in a grocery store since L was born There are endless items you could add but really all you need in the early days are diapers, milk (breast or formula) and a good place to cuddle.
EarringsSKU# CEW5004CYW8 1.00-2.00 Champagne Bubbles stud earrings featuring 1.00cts-2.00cts Champagne Yellow colored of natural rough diamonds accented with 0.10 cts of micro pavé diamonds in 18K white gold. ✤ Please note that the earring is built individually per stone so slight differences may occur for it in shape and in color to hold your unique stone. - Rough 1.0 - 18k White Gold - Pave 0.1 This product is successfully shared! Your friend will receive an email with a link to view this product.Done
Buy, sell and trade coffee with confidence Key Features for Coffee Specialists From weather updates to environmental shifts, understand what impact local and global events have on the coffee supply chain. Daily Production Predictions Stay ahead of the curve with daily crop size predictions, assisting you in your everyday decision making. Seasonal Crop Health Understand the lifecycle, development, and well-being of crops through contextualized and remote sensing. The latest industry news tagged by subject. Local headlines presented in English for your convenience. Keep an eye on precipitation levels and explore the impact of weather events on regional production levels. Taka Insights in less than a minute! Crafted with industry experts We believe in the power of listening to our audience and a continuous feedback loop. Taka Insights’ Coffee offering is created by industry experts for industry experts. How to get started Signup in less than a minute. Explore Taka Insights for free. Stay ahead of the curve!
To "Die Empty " is to die with no regrets of unfulfilled agenda, with no pending plans. This is possible when , after careful and deep evaluation , wehave arrived at our main purpose in life and when wehave fully spent all my energy, time and focus in that pursuit. It is our inner self, our intuition, out gut feeling, which keeps on guiding us. We just need to quieten ourselves and listen to it and then pursue it whole heartedly. How Can I live in the present , in a way that I live my true authentic self, no pretenses or people pleasing efforts.. My work, My love, My Time , My face. Slowly and intensely growing like a plant and dying as graciously as a ripened fruit, fertile, detached and after having lived a life well spent. We find what we seek. If we are concentrating on the negativity , we are sure to encounter that and if we are concentratingon positivity we are again sure to encounter that too. It is up to us , what we train our minds to do. When we are deeply focussed on shortcomings of a person or a thing , our mind conveniently misses the goodness in the person or the beauty of the object. I remember going on a trek. It was a beautiful place . However we started concentrating on how bad the roads were , how difficult the trek was, poor facilities and we were finding no joy in the trek . Someone pointed out that there was so much beauty around , which we were missing and the moment we started concentrating and appreciating the beauty around we almost forgot about the difficultiesof the trek. By being mindful of our thought process, we can train our mind into positive sid eof things and making it focus on them. We will find what we seek. We just need to be mindful what we are seeking. It is true that if we give food to someone , it may not really matter to him whether we are giving food to him with love or just to satisfy our ego. Then the question would come is why are we giving food to another . Are we feeding the poor to satisfy our ego or are we serving a less privileged person with food , just as a calling of our inner self to share the goodness we have received and express gratitude for the privileges we have received in life. The same activity of serving food , when done with love, will definetelygive afeeling of being wanted and respected to the other and at the same time will lead to a true satisfaction and a resultant inner transformation in us, Being before doing . How can we start an activity after ensuring the inclusion of love component in the activity. Many times we begin some service activity with good intention and if it is for any other reason apart from love , it is bound to create an unease or negative impression on the recipient Like it is said , we may feed the hungry or give water to the poor but if not done with love or in the spirit of wishing whole hearted well being of other, then it is of no use. How to ensure that whatever we do comes out of a space of love. How can we internalize love, be awakened enough that whatever we do comes out of space of love. Even before we actually meet another person ,we form a mental perception of that person , which may be based on theirexternal appearanceand it is most of the time coloredwith our prejudicesand is also based on what movie is playing, in our head, at that time . Our perception about others also gets affected whether we see them from a space of fear or whether we see from a space of love. This happens throughout the day as we are caught up in our movie "about me " all the time. We are constanly thinking about our past and what we are going to do next. Meditation or chanting helps us in breaking that pattern and makes us calm . This calmnessbrings us back to the present moment and and with this awareness t we can meet another person without our prejudices and we would be able to see the other person, as to who he actually is, rather than our projection about him. In the calm and aware state we can see the real " him". We all want happiness , but are looking for it at the wrong places and through the wrong means. We want to purchase happiness, thinking its transactional. We start bringing transactionality even in our close relations , many times manipulating relationships to seek happiness. True happiness is non transactional and it is an outcome of unconditional loving and unconditional trust in the process of nature. We love unconditionally and we trust unconditionally. Yes we may get frustrated at times when we are not loved back or when our trust gets broken . We need to have faith in the law and process of nature and make our best effort in loving and trusting unconditionally for their is no other way to find happiness and joy. Many times, when weare looking for a solution to a difficult problem, itout of eludes us no matter how hartd we try. But having kept the problem aside, suddenly , out of nowhere, the solution emerges. Our overcharged mind,has limited scope to accomplish, but a quiet and a still mind can acheive unimaginable results.We can find newer meaning when we cede control of our mind to our higher self. I can remeber SN Goenka, ji's audio , telling us to stop looking for bliss during Vipasaana meditation, Just concentrate on the breath, observe the senasations and if the practice is strong enough, bliss wil be there. Wow. What a profound , hard hitting statement on religion. Apart from respecting other religions , it also shows us the path of true worship, which is without fear or reward and just in the spirit of service or unconditional love. Am reminded of a mystic baba who had founded a big temple and almost a sect , in Delhi, whom i used to meet very regularly , sharing this with me. " Most of the people coming over here ( mostly rich and powerful), come here , either by fear or for reward . They look at the temple visit , either as a means to avoiid hardship or pain or a fulfillment of their wishes or some desire. I still welcome them, with a hope that some day they would see the futility of thier prayers and actually start worshipping just for the sake of worshipping/service or just ib the spirit of service with unconditional love for god and all humanity. Recently attended a Vipassana Session. It is a place where one enjoys aloneness, as there is no phone , no net, no communication through speech or written, not even an eye contact for 10 days. Real deep sense of fulfilment with this aloneness. A wonderful passage. A healthy poverty , as per me , a state where small things bring a tremendous amount of pleasure. one who is pleased with small things, events or happenings will always be a happy man. One who is happy and willing to be surprised and tremendously happy at those surprises is a truly happy man. The nature is always whispering and showering pleasant surprises in our paths. We just need to be open, receptive and empty to receive them. We are alaways so busy with out thoughts, our preconceived notions and "closed to receiving " surprises that we miss the "gold" in our paths Give with no expectations be it kindness, be it service, be it a smile ot be it something of a monetary value, not even expecting or waiting for a thank you. Dont even bother whether a receipient is worthy of it or not. Have trust and faith in nature. Mindfulness calling, listening, speaking, brings us back into awareness, that deep connect with ourselves. It brings into picture the slow , planned , response or proactive conversation which is so vital in compassionate communication So true. Even when people get unwell , they only look for a relief rather than a cure. Relief is immediate but the Cure may be time consuming and may be painful too. We are only looking for shortcuts rather than the mental or physical discipline required for the cure. Its almost like saying “ O God , I would love to go heaven buutt can you make someone else die for me”
Macular Degeneration can cause low vision and debilitating vision loss, even blindness if not diagnosed and treated in the early stages. Because the disease often has no obvious symptoms early on, it is critical to have regular comprehensive eye exams, particularly if you are at risk. Symptoms of AMD Macular degeneration is a disease in which the macula slowly breaks down, resulting in a gradual progressive vision loss, at least in its’ early stages. Frequently there are no symptoms and the disease is only diagnosed when a doctor detects signs such as a thinning macula or the presence of drusen in a comprehensive eye examination. Early vision loss can include blurry, cloudy or distorted central vision or dark spots in your central field of view. With advanced stages, vision loss can be severe and sudden with larger blind spots and total loss of central vision. Risk Factors for Macular Degeneration Age is the most prominent risk factor for AMD, as the disease is most common in individuals over the age of 60 (although it can happen in younger individuals as well). Other risk factors can increase your chances of developing the disease such as: - Genetics and Family History: Research shows that there are actually almost 20 genes that have been linked to AMD, and they suspect that there are many more genetic factors to be discovered. Family history greatly increases your chances of developing AMD. - Race: Caucasians are more likely to get AMD than Hispanics or African-Americans. - Smoking: Cigarette smoking can double your likelihood of developing AMD. - Lifestyle: Research shows that UV exposure, poor nutrition, high blood pressure, obesity and a sedentary lifestyle can also be contributing factors. - Gender: Females have a higher incidence of AMD than males. - Medications: Certain medications may increase the chances of developing AMD. To reduce your risks of developing AMD it is recommended to make healthy choices such as: - Regular eye exams; once a year especially if you are 50 or over. - Stop smoking. - Know your family history and inform your eye doctor. - Proper nutrition and regular exercise: Research indicates that a healthy diet rich in “Eyefoods” with key nutrients for the eyes such as orange peppers, kale and spinach as well as regular exercise may reduce your risks or slow the progression of AMD. - Maintain healthy cholesterol levels and blood pressure. - Dietary supplements: Studies by the National Eye Institute called AREDs and ARED2 indicated that a high dosage of supplements of zinc, vitamin C, vitamin E and lutein may slow the progression of advanced dry AMD (it is not recommended for those without AMD or early AMD). Speak to a doctor before taking these supplements because there may be associated risks involved. - Wear 99% -100% UV-blocking sunglasses. The first step to eye health is awareness. By knowing your risk, taking preventative measures and visiting your eye doctor on a regular basis, you can greatly reduce your chances of facing this debilitating disease.
uthash 2.1.0 Hash tables, lists, and other data structures implemented as C macros uthash implements a hash table and a few other basic data structures as C preprocessor macros. It aims to be minimalistic and efficient: it's around 1,000 lines of code which, being macros, inline automatically. Unlike function calls with fixed prototypes, macros operate on untyped arguments. Thus, they are able to work with any type of structure and key. Any C structure can be stored in a hash table by adding UT_hash_handle to the structure and choosing one or more fields to act as the key.
The city council is considering a pilot scheme where pest control officers would provide a “free denesting service” during the main breeding season for the lesser black-backed gull, which is said to terrorise some Edinburgh neighbourhoods. Merchiston Community Council collected 418 signatures for a petition that called for the council to introduce the service in affected streets. Now officers have been asked to investigate scope for the service, which has been piloted by other UK councils including Dumfries and Galloway, to be introduced in Merchiston. If successful, it could then be rolled out to other parts of the Capital that are plagued by noisy and aggressive gulls. Councillor Robert Aldridge, the city’s environment leader, said: “It is a problem in a number of parts of the city, and we have been trying to find a means to resolve it over a number of years. “We have looked at the pilot in Dumfries and Galloway and other councils and will get a report back in November on how effective they have been.” Councils have no statutory duty to take action against gulls. However, the gull population has become so large in some areas that many are now investing time and resources in dealing with the problem. Officials at Merchiston have said that they would identify the places where nests are a problem and get consent for action to be taken from the residents. The work would then mean that the council would only have to provide pest control staff on two separate days – one day in April and one day in May. Cllr Aldridge added: “We have had particular problems in tenements where the council, if it is denesting, has to get permission from all workers before it does anything on the roof; that is bureaucratic and expensive. The proposals from Merchiston Community Council are very interesting in that the community takes some control of that.” Dumfries and Galloway Council offers a free nest and egg removal service during the main breeding period of May-July. It is reported that the service has led to an 87 per cent reduction in the young gull population. Mairianna Clyde, chair of Merchiston Community Council, said many residents suffer from a “routine loss of sleep” because of the gulls, while she has heard reports of “people and pets being attacked and intimidated” by the birds. “At some stage, some kind of control of numbers has to be considered but that is not what we are asking at this stage,” she said. Fountainbridge/Craiglockhart councillor Gordon Buchan said: “It is a particular issue in my ward, and I would imagine it is an issue in other wards as well. It is a real and pressing issue for many of our residents.”
A costly delay While county commissioners drag their heels, a money pit grows Thanks to a string of bureaucratic delays, former Fulton County employees may soon get paid for not working. Twenty-four fired county employees have lined up over the past year to appeal their terminations before the Fulton County Personnel Board. Half of them have been waiting more than six months for their cases to be heard. And the longer those appeals stagnate, the more the county will have to cough up to cover back pay if the employees are reinstated — which isn't rare. Six employees could collect a check paying them a full year's salary for doing nada for Fulton County. What's more, there are 86 additional employees contesting suspensions and demotions — and seeking cash for wages lost during those times. They too are waiting for the Personnel Board to hear their possibly costly appeals. The problem is, there currently is no Personnel Board. The board, which hears appeals filed by miffed county employees and sets salaries for county jobs, used to be manned by three members. Earlier this year, one member died. Another quit. And Fulton County Commissioner Rob Pitts proposed increasing the number of Personnel Board members from three to seven. Pitts' resolution, which passed March 19, clearly defines the way the new Personnel Board should be created starting June 1: Each of Fulton's seven county commissioners names one Personnel Board member. But Pitts' resolution does not specify a deadline for the commissioners to do so. So far, Pitts, Commission Chairman Mike Kenn and Commissioner Emma Darnell have named their appointees. But the four others — Bill Edwards, Tom Lowe, Nancy Boxill and Bob Fulton — have not, despite being offered the opportunity at the last three commission meetings. "They need to get on that," says Susan Laccetti Meyers, Kenn's policy analyst. "Mike can't make them do it." Commissioner Fulton, however, says no one has expressed any urgency for him to appoint his Personnel Board member. "I'm not aware of that," Fulton says. "If I were aware of that, I probably would have moved more aggressively." Edwards, Lowe and Boxill did not return phone calls. Due to the absence of a full Personnel Board (or, at the very least, a quorum of four members), the Board couldn't meet in June, nor is it likely to get a fourth member in enough time to meet in July. That's tough for Marlys Favors. The single mother was fired from her job as a materials assistant at a Fulton County supplies warehouse in August 2002. She says she's alleged to have used a county vehicle without permission and to have tried to collect money for recycled paper when she shouldn't have, charges that she denies. Favors took a 50 percent pay cut so she could find some work, at a Radio Shack. She was looking forward to her appeal, which was scheduled for May — a painful enough nine-month delay. Now, though, her case has been taken off the Personnel Board's calendar and is on hold indefinitely. "I would love to have my job back," Favors says. Bob Brandes, director of Personnel Board, says the board is supposed to hear appeals once a month. But with one month missed and another missed opportunity on the way, knocking off the 110 appeals is beginning to seem unlikely — and not just to fired employees trying to get rehired. Maureen Malone, one of the three newly appointed board members, says she's as much in the dark about the appeals as the employees doing the appealing. She says no one on the County Commission has briefed her on the backlog of appeals, the process by which the board might tackle them, or when the tackling might begin. "They said that someone would be in touch," says Malone, a labor lawyer and former chairman of a city Neighborhood Planning Unit. "Well, they have not been in touch. I'm just waiting."
Sea view villa with private pool near Rethymno This Villa was constructed entirely out of stone with interior arches and stone staircases. Exits to an area of 2000 m² with olives trees, herbs and vegetables. Accommodating 6 persons with 3 bedrooms and 1 sofa bed for one more person. 4 bathrooms are available. On the ground floor there are : the kitchen with veranda south, the dining room with veranda north ,W.C, the living room and the arched veranda. On the upper floor there are three bedrooms: The main bedroom with one double bed, its own bathroom and a large balcony with a view. A second bedroom with 2 single beds (which can also be converted in a double), it’s own balcony with sea view and a third bedroom with two single beds and view to the mountain. Also in this floor there is a separate bathroom. In front of the Villa there is the swimming pool with sunbeds and an external bathroom in the basement. Outside, at the garden you fill find: barbeque, outdoor furniture, a large parking place and alarm system. Free Wi-Fi is provided in all areas, even the pool. Ecological elements: Villa is fully equipped with energy class better than compatible A++ appliances. There is also a large tank that gathers rain waters from roof tops to irrigation the gardens. All faucets and flash tanks have the possibility of saving water . Also the villa has a garden with biological vegetables available for our customers, com posters for vegetable residues and recycling bins. - Pool cleaning every 2 days - Cleaning service every 3 days Rethymno 10 km Gerani Village 800 m Heraklion Airport 90 km Chania 55 km
Relay Panel 5900, 9510, Control 12V to 120V Relay Panel for 5900, 9510, etc. Control Valves as well as Proportional Injection Systems. Control 12V to 120V. Made in U.S.A! UL Listed. Nema 4 weather tight box. Plug in relay box to 110v outlet, and then plug in your metering pump or solenoid valve to outlet on front of relay box. Outlet on front of box good for up to 10amps. During backwash and rinse, the relay box outlet will power up and start up metering pump or activate solenoid valves! Standard Panel works with one Control Valve. Custom Panel's available so as to use several Control Valves, simply contact us for a quote! Choose how many 5900 or 9510 control valves you wish to connect to with drop down option. Weight: 3.00 lbs. Manufacturer #: SSRB01
OKW’s EVOTEC designer desktop plastic enclosures are now available in a new smaller 150 size – increasing the range to three plan sizes. EVOTEC is designed for tough working environments. Applications include measurement and control engineering, IT, medical, laboratory and environmental technology. EVOTEC can also be wall mounted for access control. These robust enclosures feature elegant and ergonomic soft contours that make them comfortable to use. EVOTEC is molded from ASA+PC-FR (UL 94 V-0) for enhanced UV stability and can be specified with optional IP 65 protection. There are two versions: Version I has a flat top with a large operating area for switches, push buttons and touch displays. Version II features a smooth sloping top inclined at 12° for desktop applications (it can be specified with or without a recess to accommodate a membrane keypad or product label). The new 150 size is available only as Version I with the flat top. All the enclosures have PCB screw pillars in the top and base. Self-adhesive rubber feet ensure stable positioning on flat surfaces. Torx assembly screws prevent tampering – making the enclosures perfect for medical electronics. All three plan sizes (the new 5.90” x 3.66” and the existing 7.87” x 4.88” and 9.84” x 6.10” sizes) are available in one standard color: off white (RAL 9002). Prices start at $25. Accessories include an IP 65 seal, a wall mounting kit and self-tapping screws for installing PCBs. OKW can supply EVOTEC fully customized on request. Services include: custom colours; RFI/EMI shielding; CNC machining; lacquering; water transfer, tampo or digital printing of legends and logos; installation and assembly of accessories; display windows; membrane keyboards; touchscreens and plastic and aluminum panels. Filed Under: Design World articles, Cabinets • enclosures • control panels, TIPS SITES (EE World)
Iindawo zeholide eziqeshisayo eCamalú Fumana uze ubhukishe iindawo zokuhlala ezikhethekileyo kuAirbnb Ezona zindlu eziqeshisayo zeholide ezithandwayo eCamalú Iindwendwe ziyavuma: ezi ndawo zokuhlala ziconywa kakhulu ngendawo ezikuyo, ucoceko nokunye. - Indlu yonke - Mesa de San Jacinto IG @surfhousebaja Our Tulum inspired beach house at “Shipwrecks” surf spot & Baja 500 route. Have a chill surf vacation on your own point-break or go off-roading up the coast. Try the world-class sea fishing out of San Quinten or prepare fresh fish caught by the locals in the kitchen. Enjoy Rustic Baja one the deck or a nap in the Hammocks. Gated 24/7 security, 4br, wifi, hot shower, full kitchen, fridge. - Iflethi eqeshisayo yonke - Ejido zarahemla A great hotel alternative, the casita is located on a larger property with other housing in a peaceful, farming community just outside of Colonia Vicente Guerrero in the San Quintin Valley. The perfect space to rest and recharge on your San Quintin vacation or business trip. Whether you just need a comfy place to sleep while passing through or you have time to relax and enjoy the country air and bright stars over a bonfire, we’re confident you’ll feel right a home in our cozy country guesthouse - Indlu yonke Our house is at the point at baja rincon, this is a year round break but most famous for long perfect waves on west and northwest swells. We just added a new solar power system, a new hot water heater, tuned up the wood burning stove for optimum heat, added a back-up water tank and pump so that we will always serve your needs. The house was constructed with surfing in mind. A concrete driveway, surfboard maintenance stand and outdoor shower and rinsing areas for serious ocean minded clients.
Are you considering buying property in Alanya? Maybe you want it for a holiday home or more extended stays. Maybe you are thinking of relocating to enjoy the sunnier climate and laid back pace of life, or you might be considering somewhere for your retirement. Whatever the reason, make sure your purchase in the Alanya region goes without any hitches. How? Read on for some insider tips. When buying property in a sunny place like Alanya, It is all too easy to get caught up in the excitement of the decision and the wide selection of choices. You may not recognize areas that require a little more of your attention. As with any serious purchase you need to ask yourself some questions that relate to the lifestyle you are looking for, about the area, the properties available plus: - Cost vs market value - Rules and regulations - Fulfilling your requirements Cost vs Market Value It will not surprise you to read that ‘people’ selling property want as much as they can get for it. The price might sound reasonable to someone used to the higher cost of purchasing in other countries, but it might be hugely overpriced for the market where you are purchasing. Whatever your reason for buying property, it is always an investment. To be a solid investment, it has to be obtained within a reasonable price framework that both you and the seller are happy with. Your realtor knows the current market conditions and will inform you of such. They can also help negotiate with the seller on your behalf to establish a more realistic price. Rules & Regulations Foreign nationals are allowed to purchase in Turkey under the reciprocity principle, where if your country allows Turkish to buy property there, then you can get in Turkey. The rules regarding real estate are not overly complicated, but you do need to be aware of them. Ok, most information can easy be found on the internet. However, the rules are continually changing and you do not always get to hear about them until you come up against them. Your realtor has to keep up to date, it’s their job, and they know where to find out information and years of experience of doing just that. Fulfilling Your Requirements This can cover a host of things, from being near shops and entertainment to being a far a possible away from them. Sometimes it takes the guidance of a trained professional to help you clarify your dream property into a reality. A realtor will spend time with you to get a perspective on what you are looking for. All the better to help you achieve your goal. Want a pool? Do you know the added costs? Want to be in the middle of no-where? Do you have transport? Using a trained realtor, you gain some considerable advantages over doing it by yourself or using a friendly local!
Linguistics is an art form that I particularly enjoy, especially when I abuse its form and structure through my art. It’s almost a grey space where I can ‘play God’ in narrating the audience into believing any versions of the truth, whether it is constructed or the actual truth. The believability and authorship is fluid and it’s up to the audience to decide on what is what. I’m Malay and I grew up in Malaysia, but I recognize English as my mother tongue. Internal conflict regarding my cultural background and the life I am exposed to. This battle of wanting to speak Bahasa Melayu is a daily struggle, even if I am currently living in an English speaking country. I feel incompetent to be recognized as Malay, as I don’t speak the language much, or eat the food much, but I don’t identify as a westerner either. It’s a constant back and forth of who I am, who I think I am, and who people think I am. Many of us grew up surrounded by western media from the show that we watch to the nursery rhymes we sang. KL is also a cultural hob where English can act as a common ground between different races, despite Bahasa Melayu is the national language. There’s always this stigma of being Malay and not being able to speak Malay where you are deemed as whitewashed. It has always been a curiosity and a personal fear that I am beginning to explore in an effort to create peace for myself. Language does hold heritage and reveals a lot about the individual, but at the same time, I see it as a social construct. With each translation, a piece of me is lost, but my constructed cultural identity is gained. With translation, meanings are also often lost or comprised as something may not exist in one language but do in another and it does apply to my sense of self, potentially self-worth. With all this frustration of language and identity, I decided to delve into another language that I neglected, which was Jawi. It complicated things but was a gateway for me to develop a new representation of myself through language. An amalgamation of my linguistic identities: English, Bahasa Melayu, and Jawi. With the different representations of langue, none of them is superior to the other. I may have a personal preference, but they hold no additional value other than mere convince for me when speaking. As a bilingual, I am able to recognize the different languages and they don’t always sound foreign. I wanted to now explore our perception and understanding of speech. Something that we do without thinking, but unlike a written or printed text, it’s not tangible. What you hear varies, depending on your relationship to those different languages and accents within the layered piece. Depending on what caught your attention, you may hear Bahasa Melayu, but you may also hear English. At times you might not hear anything as the individual recordings were recorded with different accents using the ‘text to speech’ feature on my laptop creating a foreign sound to a familiar language, much like my combination of languages. The different direction of sound also changes the significance of the speech in relation to the audience as an isolated sound may create a stronger attachment. Ultimately what you hear depends on what you consciously or subconsciously choose. It may or may not reveal your mother tongue, but the confusion and sense of longing created within the individual was the goal. To further emulate the sense of search and being in that constant stage of becoming, I’ve created 4-word searches that reflect the struggle with a slight political undertone, that is if you choose to acknowledge it. This feeling of want and search was necessary for me to manipulate as that is what I personally go through every time I try to speak my mother tongue. Gratification comes when I find the right words, but most of the time I am always in ‘search mode’, trying to form speech with words that don’t exist in my mind. The audience would also be in the ‘search mode’ as not all the words are present within the pool of letters.
What do you think of when you hear the term, Adventure Travel? For us, it is our post retirement dream! For us and the purpose of this blog, it is where we are now, more or less! We can finally say we are “really” retired. Isn’t that a common goal for Americans, to become retired? I (Debbie) officially retired from a 20 year career in law enforcement in February 2006, but I ended up working part time for a few years and have been a regular volunteer. Bill said he never wanted to “retire” so his path is a bit different. His goal or end game was to be self-employed. His first full time experience as being self-employed was as a Snap on Tool Dealer, from 1986-1988, too short of a time, but those were very profitable years for him. Sadly, that ended when we divorced in December 1988 (but that story has a happy ending:Chapter 2 So why share about our marriage?) He formally quit the working world in October 2004. When he quit, he actually had a dream job with Nationwide Insurance as an automotive claims adjuster. But in 2000, we began working his way back into self-employment as we began our path into retirement. That was when we invested in our first piece of rental real estate. When we moved to Florida in November 2004, he went full board into real estate rentals, peaking at owning six rentals homes, but also caring for our home, his mother’s home and helping my parents out from time to time with their home – all of us in the same town. Needless to say, caring for real estate in Florida is a year around task, especially in the heat of the summer. We sold his last piece of rental real estate in August, 2013 – a dream come true as we prepared for the end game. My “retirement dream” was to be a volunteer and work in the community to help make it a better place for all to live. But as a workaholic, it was hard to stop working, so I started back to work part time for our Sheriff. That lasted four years and my time there actually introduced me to our community in a unique way. I made connections that helped me become a volunteer and allowed me to work with some of the most phenomenal people I’ve ever met – let alone have the privilege of volunteering with! I was able to do this for several years – and this will be hard to leave as we approach our end game – adventure travel! I’m hoping with technology, I can still be useful! Bill’s “retirement” dream was to travel all over the United States and Canada in a Class A motor home (one of those big bus-type rigs that pulls your car and tows your motorcycle, also called a Recreational Vehicle or RV). Bill dreamed about this for at least three years, searching websites for the “perfect” RV and we went to many RV shows. So here we are, months since Bill was officially retired, although he said he’d never use that word. But the other day, he asked me, “We are really retired, aren’t we?” I had to chuckle! What has happened – why an end game? Probably the greatest thing a parent could ever hope for – we became grand parents! And that has rocked our world in a way we never could have imagined! See, our problem is that we live nearly 900 miles from that precious grandson! So how can we marry our dream goals? Well, we are working on that and so far so good! We are now saying we are adventure travelers – but swinging by our daughter’s to spend as much time as possible with our grandson. This is a short blog as I prepare to tell more about our transition into full time retirement! But first, I always love to see what the Bible says about whatever we are doing. So here are a few of my favorite scriptures (all from ESV) to read as one thinks about retiring, from http://www.openbible.info/topics/retirement: “For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.” “But I do not account my life of any value nor as precious to myself, if only I may finish my course and the ministry that I received from the Lord Jesus, to testify to the gospel of the grace of God.” “And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying, ‘This applies to the Levites: from twenty-five years old and upward they shall come to do duty in the service of the tent of meeting. And from the age of fifty years they shall withdraw from the duty of the service and serve no more. They minister to their brothers in the tent of meeting by keeping guard, but they shall do no service. Thus shall you do to the Levites in assigning their duties.'” “A good man leaves an inheritance to his children’s children, but the sinner’s wealth is laid up for the righteous.” “And I am sure of this, that he who began a good work in you will bring it to completion at the day of Jesus Christ.” 2 Timothy 4:7 “I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.” “The plans of the heart belong to man, but the answer of the tongue is from the Lord. All the ways of a man are pure in his own eyes, but the Lord weighs the spirit. Commit your work to the Lord, and your plans will be established. The Lord has made everything for its purpose, even the wicked for the day of trouble. Everyone who is arrogant in heart is an abomination to theLord; be assured, he will not go unpunished.” “Blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the wicked, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits in the seat of scoffers; but his delight is in the law of the Lord, and on his law he meditates day and night. He is like a tree planted by streams of water that yields its fruit in its season, and its leaf does not wither. In all that he does, he prospers. The wicked are not so, but are like chaff that the wind drives away. Therefore the wicked will not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous;… Until next time…
As the number of divorces of couples age 50-plus hits record highs, new areas of the law are being uncovered to help one or more of the divorcees recover. That's because at an advanced age, they don't have the amount of time younger divorcing couples do to reenter the job force or recoup their lost retirement savings. That's why reverse mortgages are a very hot topic on the mouths of a lot of divorce lawyers. Reverse mortgages are a type of loan where instead of making payments to a lender, the homeowner actually receives monthly payments, increasing the amount she owes. Or, they might opt to receive a lump sum, or maintain a ready line of credit. The loan and interest come due when the homeowner dies, moves out, sells the home, or if property taxes or insurance premiums go unpaid. Typically, the home is sold to repay the loan. This is a particularly attractive option for those looking to weather a downturn in investment portfolios, or trying to decide whether or not to keep a house post-divorce. Obviously, the decision to keep a house also includes considering equity and potential, resale value on one side, maintenance and repair costs, property taxes and insurance premiums. For women in this group of divorcees, this is an even more TK topic. That's because they're usually the ones who receive settlements and are looking for ways to extend that windfall. A reverse mortgage on the house can be the answer to that question many 50-plus divorced women are asking themselves: how do I solidify my future outlook? How Reverse Mortgages Can Benefit Older Divorcing Women (Forbes)
Warm and comfortable hat with transmission range of 10 meters. Simply sync to any Bluetooth device and in seconds the wearer can enjoy hands-free connectivity, enabling them to make/receive calls and listen to music, wirelessly. Perfect for traveling, waiting for the bus, jogging in the cold or just rocking out in your bedroom. It will protect you from cold winter and will also allow you to listen to music and talk while doing variety of other activities. You will look great and keep warm while listening to your favorite music. Keeps the soundtrack to your life playing all the time!
In 2019 Clare kindly wrote a piece for us to share to mark Severe ME Awareness Day, 8th August. She dedicated this to Jen Chittick, Screw ME, who also sadly lost her life to Severe ME. It’s so hard to know where to start writing about Merryn and M.E. How to condense 6 years into a readable account. However I try I feel I never fully explain the horror of Profoundly Severe M.E and what Merryn endured. Merryn was a happy go lucky, very loving, huggy child, a bundle of energy, a people person, endearing and occasionally exasperating in her stubbornness. A stubbornness I have no doubt helped her endure throughout her illness. A stubbornness that made her ask me practically everyday from the age of 13 if she could get her nose pierced. The answer was always the same – “when you’re 16”. Still she asked and cajoled and I relented and she got it done a little bit earlier in the end!Severe M.E has a myriad of horrific symptoms but it is also an illness of losses. M.E is a thief, it robbed Merryn of the life she dreamed of, of studying Performing Arts at LIPPA, seeing her friends, a family of her own. M.E robbed her of these in increments as she struggled to be able to talk, lost the ability to walk, to even sit up at the slightest incline, becoming housebound, then bedbound, unable to care for herself in even the smallest ways, unable to swallow, unable to eat or drink at all due to gastrointestinal failure resulting in the need to be fed intravenously. For the last 4 years of her life Merryn lay in a dark, quiet room. Light, noise, touch and movement (of herself and others) hurt her and caused Post Exertional Neuroimmune Exhaustion – a worsening of symptoms following any type of exertion. Movement hypersensitivity meant just someone being in the same room caused all her symptoms to worsen, leaving her unable to tolerate much of any social interaction without having myoclonic seizures, becoming confused, disoriented and her pain worsening. And this worsening of symptoms didn’t ease, each time it happened compounded and got worse causing further deterioration. With Severe and Profoundly Severe M.E every action has to be thought through carefully and the impact they could have. Even when in worsening pain and needing extra pain relief Merryn would have to weigh up the benefits of feeling some ease to her pain against the damage that would be caused by having a nurse in her room administering the injection. So Merryn lay in the dark, tube fed, often catheterised and in such pain, pain beyond measure or imagining and unable to even have the comfort of a proper cuddle. We devised a way of me lying carefully on the bed next to her with my arms around her but not touching her except for her hands or face which were places that she could sometimes tolerate touch. Merryn was cared for by myself and our local hospice at home for the last 2 years of her life. Her hospice Dr had worked in palliative care for 10 years and she said she had never witnessed such suffering as she saw Merryn endure. Many people use the battery analogy or the spoon theory to describe M.E, but how do you describe Profoundly Severe M.E where not only is there no battery left at all but it’s a negative battery? For us, the best analogy is a bank account. A heathy person is in the black with credit, sometimes the account gets low but this is manageable. Merryn was in the red, drastically overdrawn and each interaction, however necessary, such as the District Nurse changing Merryn’s syringe drivers or giving desperately needed top up pain relief injections etc led to an increased overdrawal. Almost like a loan shark – the interest just keeps adding up, getting more and more overdrawn. There is no respite, the debt gets bigger and bigger, crueller and crueller. So many losses and so much pain. M.E took so much from Merryn but it never took her giant heart, her gentle, loving, caring soul. She was, is and remains my inspiration and the reason I will always fight for health equality in M.E, increased funding for research and awareness. And the sadness is this is just our story. This is still happening to thousands of Severely and Profoundly Severe people with M.E. Lifes lived unseen and in pain day after day, month after month, year after year. It’s got to stop. I’ll end with some words by Merryn. She wrote these aged 18 years old (3 years before her death). “Having Severe M.E is like being trapped in your own body every single day. There is no rest, you are bedbound all day every day. It snatches the most simple things away from you like being able to wash yourself, even in bed. Being cared for in every way possible. In terrible pain, from everything. Not being able to talk on the phone or have visitors and feeling worse about saying no every time someone asks again. Months and months in hospital. Severe infections. Breathing problems. Low immunity. Problems anywhere and everywhere in the body. Paralysis. Severe hypersensitivity. The list is endless, and if I was physically able to type I would carry on. Spread awareness and remember all of us and all of those who have lost their lives.”
Tomorrow begins today at Pennsylvania College of Technology. Unsure what you want to study in college? Join us this summer for overnight Pre-College Programs. There are a wide selection of programs such as Aviation, Health Careers, Automatoive Technology, Engineering, and MORE. Our programs are designed for those entering 9-12th grade and even have a Career Exploration Camp for those in 6-8th grade...(more) - Listing Type: Summer Programs - Destination: United States - Program Delivery: Residential - Provided By: College - Session Start: July - Session Length: Other - Entering Grade: 10th, 11th, 12th - Gender: Coed - Category: Performing & Visual Arts - Sub-Categories: Design - Selective: No - Ages: 15, 16, 17, 18 Dive into an intensive three-day workshop that guides you through the graphic design process from ideation and concept development to production. Open to students entering grades 10-12. The Graphic Design Summer Studio is an intensive three-day workshop that guides participants through the graphic design process from ideation and concept development to production. High school students interested in a career in graphic design will have an opportunity to work with faculty and students in the development of real-world visual design solutions. Workshops will take place in cutting-edge labs and studios and utilize industry standard hardware and software. The workshop culminates in an exhibition for parents and families and will feature the work produced over the three days.
An Analysis of All’s Well That Ends Well (Shakespeare) by Joseph Suglia “Die Forderung, geliebt zu werden, ist die grösste aller Anmassungen.” —Friedrich Nietzsche, Menschliches, Allzumenschliches, Volume One, 525 My argument is that Shakespeare is both the most overestimated and the most underestimated writer in the history of English literature. His most famous plays are stupendously and stupefyingly overrated (e.g. The Tempest), whereas the problematical plays that have been relatively understaged and underread until recently, such as Measure for Measure and Love’s Labour’s Lost, are his masterworks. All’s Well That Ends Well is rightly seen as one of the problematical plays, since it does not exactly follow the contours of the Shakespearean comedy. One could rightly say that all of the Shakespearean comedies are conjugal propaganda. They celebrate marriage, that is to say, and marriage, for Hegel and for many others, is the foundation of civil society. In the Age of Elizabeth, long before and long afterward, the way in which children are expected to have been begotten is with the imprimatur of marriage. But there is no marriage-boosterism in All’s Well That Ends Well, no ra-raing or oohing and aahing over marriage. In All’s Well That Ends Well, a celebration of marriage is absent. Whereas Much Ado about Nothing and A Midsummer Night’s Dream end in anti-orgies, in collectivized, communalized, semi-coerced marriages, the wedding in All’s Well That Ends Well takes place in the second act and is absolutely coerced. The play is about a woman named Helena who forces a man named Bertram to marry her and to have sexual intercourse with her. As blunt as this synopsis might be, it is nonetheless accurate. A psychotic stalker, Helena will stop at nothing and will not take “Yes” for an answer. She pursues Bertram relentlessly. As I shall argue below, Bertram genuinely does not want to be married to Helena, nor does he wish to be physically intimate with her. Not only that: There is absolutely no evidence that he desires Helena at the end of the play. Quite the opposite, as I shall contend. Much like her predecessor, Boccaccio’s Giletta, Helena is a monomaniac whose obsession ends in the achievement of her desire and her scheme: “[M]y intents are fix’d, and will not leave me” [I:i]. And yet, does obsession ever end? When we are first presented with her, Helena remarks, “I do affect a sorrow indeed, but I have it too” [I:i]. She means that she affects a sorrow for her father, who died not more than six months ago, but is genuinely sorrowful over the thought of the impossibility of possessing Bertram: “I think not on my father, / And these great tears grace his remembrance more / Than those I shed for him” [Ibid.]. Her indifference to her father’s death reveals that she is hardly the virtuous innocent that the Countess, Lefew, and (later) the King of France take her to be: “I think not on my father… I have forgot him. My imagination / Carries no favour in’t but Bertram’s” [Ibid.]. All she thinks about is Bertram, whose “relics” she “sanctifies” [Ibid.], much like a dement who collects the socks of her lover which she has pilfered from the laundry machine. Even more revealingly, Helena’s love for Bertram has a social and political valence: “Th’ambition in my love thus plagues itself” [I:i]. Am I alone in hearing in the word ambition an envy for Bertram’s higher social status? I am not suggesting that her love for him is purely socially and politically motivated. I am suggesting rather that her love is inseparable from the desire for social / political advancement. When he takes his leave, Bertram does not propose that Helena visit Paris to win the King’s favor, despite what Helena’s words might suggest: “My lord your son made me to think of this; / Else Paris and the medicine and the king / Had from the conversation of my thoughts / Haply been absent then” [I:iii]. Helena lies to the Countess—and/or lies to herself—when she says that her love “seeks not to find that her search implies, / But riddle-like lives sweetly where she dies” [I:iii]. No, Helena is indefatigable and is hardly the self-abnegating “barefooted” saint [III:iv] that she pretends to be. Furthermore, she is lying to herself and to the Countess of Rossillion when she says that she is not “presumptuous,” as she is lying when she says that she would not “have [Bertram]” until she “deserve[s] him” [I:iii]. Who decides when she should “deserve” Bertram? Apparently, Helena believes that only she is authorized to decide when she is deserving of Bertram. Why is Bertram not permitted to decide when and if she is deserving of him? Helena is sexually aggressive from the beginning unto the sour end. The fundamental challenge of the play is not for Helena to find a way to become married to Bertram. As I wrote above, Bertram is forced to marry Helena in the second act of the play. The fundamental challenge of the play is for Helena to find a way to have sexual intercourse with Bertram—to couple with him, whether he wants to couple with her or not. And Bertram has made it clear that he does not find Helena sexually attractive. And yet Helena refuses to accept his rejection and sexually unifies with Bertram while dissembling herself as another woman, Diana Capilet. Helena is not satisfied merely being married to Bertram. Nor, it seems, would she be satisfied with Bertram’s assent and consent, even if he had assented and consented to the marriage. She wants to possess Bertram against his own will: “[L]ike a timorous thief, most fain would steal / What law does vouch mine own” [II:v]. Why not take Helena at her word? On the one hand, she is saying that she is lawfully entitled to the appropriation of Bertram’s body, but that is not enough for her. She is saying that she has the power to break his life, but she would rather have the power to break his heart. On the other hand, taking Helena at her word, she is the thief who would like to steal what is lawfully her own. She would like to experience the thrill of transgressing the law without ever transgressing the law. All’s well that ends well. She does not want to take the wealth of his body; she wants to steal the wealth of his body. Now, this might seem a curiously literal interpretation of the line, but does Helena not deceive her husband like a thief in the night [III:ii]? She does not cheat on her husband; she cheats with her husband. She is like the banker who steals from her own bank or like the casino owner who gambles at her own casino. It would be a mistake to see Bertram as an erotophobe, since he does attempt to seduce Diana. He is revolted by Helena. The idea of having sex with her suffuses him with nausea. Bertram acknowledges that he is married to a woman whom he does not love, but he swears that he will never be physically intimate with her. In a letter to his mother, Bertram writes: “I have wedded [Helena], not bedded her, and sworn to make the ‘not’ eternal” [II:ii]. He is so disgusted by the idea of having sex with her that he goes to war to escape her: “I’ll to the Tuscan wars and never bed her” [II:iii]. Bertram’s reluctance to be yoked to Helena must be seen within the horizon of the early seventeenth century. Let us not forget that Queen Elizabeth was the monarch at the time of the play’s composition, and within Bertram’s refusal to become the “forehorse to a smock” [II:i] (the leading horse in a train of horses spurred on by a woman) one can hear the resonances of Elizabeth’s reign. However, it would be mistaken to suggest that Bertram does not want to marry Helena merely because she is a woman who has been invested with regal authority or merely because she was once lowborn and poor. Again, he finds her physically repellent. Helena does not stop until she couples with Bertram without his consent. Is this not rape? According to the standards of our day, impersonated sex is indeed sexual violation, but it is unlikely that it would have been considered ravishment in the Age of Elizabeth. And is this not incest, for Helena and Bertram are sister and brother, disregarding the banality of biology? There is a conversation about incest in Act One, Scene Three, the conclusion of which is: Helena would acknowledge the Countess as her mother, on the condition that the world does not recognize Bertram as her brother. But are Helena and Bertram not sister and brother? They grew up together in the same household, and it is possible that Bertram rejects Helena partly out of the fear of incest. The Countess certainly sees Helena as her organic daughter: “If [Helena] had partaken of my flesh and cost me the dearest groans of a mother I could not have owed her a more rooted love” [V:v]. Helena is the replica that is naturalized, much like the artificial fruit in the bowl that lies upon your kitchen table, which you accept as natural. Fortune (what is constituted after birth) and Nature (what is constituted at birth) reverse each other: Bertram becomes the bastard child; the orphan Helena becomes the proper daughter: “Which of them both / Is dearest to me I have no skill in sense / To make distinction” [III:iv]. Much worse: The Countess raises Helena to a status that is higher than that of her own son, who is written off by her as a reprobate. When the Countess intones the opening line of the play, “In delivering my son from me, I bury a second husband” [I:i], you do get the impression that her biological son is dead through the act of birth, that her son is a stillborn. Throughout the play, there are posited false equivalences. Convalescence is falsely equated to marriage, as virginity is equated to mortality. Epexegesis: The revival of the King of France is equated to the compulsory marriage of Bertram to Helena (Bertram questions this false economics of equivalence: “But follows it, my lord to bring me down / Must answer for your raising?” [II:iii]), in a Bachelorette-style gameshow that is rigged in advance in which she nominates Bertram without ever taking any of the French lords seriously as his competitors. The death of the King is equated to virginity, as virginity is equated to death in Parolles’ campaign against virginity (“He that hangs himself is a virgin; virginity murthers itself, and should be buried in highways out of all sanctified limit, as a desperate offendress against nature” [I:i]). The King strikes a balance between Bertram’s loss and Helena’s gain: “Take her by the hand / And tell her she is thine; to whom I promise / A counterpoise, if not to thy estate, / A balance more replete” [II:iii]. A fake equivalence, false equation is again posited, between the sacrifice of Bertram’s social status and the elevation of Helena’s status. One thing is taken for another, one person is replaced with another, as we see with the replacement of Diana with Helena. Such is the logic of substitution or the logic of substitutability in All’s Well That Ends Well. Those literary critics who praise Helena as an innocent are wrong (I am looking at you, Harold Bloom), in the same way that the Countess of Rossillion and Lefew are wrong about her “innocence”: Helena is not saintly, she is not simple, she is not unambiguously honest (unless by “honesty” one intends “virginity”), she is not unambiguously good, she is not uncomplicatedly “virtuous” [I:i]. She is not reducible to the role of the innocent that she plays. Shakespeare’s characters are not undifferentiated. His fools tend to be wise, and his characters in general are neither simply good nor simply evil, but rather both good and evil—sometimes, his characters are even good and evil at the same time. This is stated almost aphoristically in the words of the First Lord, a gentleman whose role seems to be to emphasize that #NotAllMenAreSwine: “The web of our life is of a mingled yarn, good and ill together; our virtues would be proud if our faults whipp’d them not, and our crimes would despair if they were not cherish’d by our virtues” [IV:iii]. The proto-Nietzschean Shakespeare is ventriloquized through the First Lord, I think. Both Nietzsche and Shakespeare admonish us against pouring all of humanity into twin buckets, one marked GOOD and the other marked EVIL. Shakespearean characters are of overwhelming and self-contradicting complexity, assemblages of oxymoronic elements. For this reason, those critics who condemn Bertram as a cad are wrong in the same way that Diana is wrong when she calls him simply “not honest” [III:v]. (Let me remark parenthetically that Parolles is the double of Bertram, as Diana is the double of Helena. Parolles absorbs all of Bertram’s negative traits, particularly the tendency to seduce and impregnate washerwomen.) (And here is a second set of parentheses: Parolles is also the double of Helena. He ignores his social status when he refuses to call his lord Bertram “master” [II:iii].) Those who suggest that Helena shyly longs after a man who is unworthy of her are as wrong as Lefew, who claims that the French lords reject Helena, when it is the other way around. (I’m still looking at you, Harold Bloom.) Bertram is a cad, a seducer, yes, but he is not reducible to his caddishness. Despite her indifference to her father’s death, Helena identifies with her father, Gerard de Narbon, the physician, and uses her father’s recipes to heal the King of France. When Bertram pleads to the Florentine washerwoman, “[G]ive thyself unto my sick desires” [IV:ii], it is apparent that he is conscious of his own sickness, and it is Helena who will wear the quackish mask of the physician once more. The first half of the play folds upon the second half: In the first half, Helena cures the King of his ailment; in the second, Helena cures Bertram of the sickness of his lechery—against his will. When the King’s eyes first alight upon Helena, she seems a radiant presence: “This haste hath wings indeed” [II:i], he says, as if she were a seraphic apparition. It is Helena’s womanly charm, her femaleness, that resurrects him from the dead: “Methinks in thee some blessed spirit doth speak / His powerful sound within an organ weak” [Ibid.]. It is her vixenishness that virilizes him. The King is revived from the dead. Now, Bertram has lost the right to say, “No” to Helena. Love for Helena is now equated to the obedience to the King of France: “Thou wrong’st thyself if thou should’st strive to choose [to love Helena]!” [II:iii], the King screams at Bertram. In other words, “You should not have to choose to love Helena. I have commanded you to love Helena, and therefore you MUST love Helena.” The word of the King is law, and to defy the word of the King is misprision. Behind Helena’s monomaniacal pursuit of Bertram is all of the weight of legal and regal authority. Love of Helena is bound up with love of the King, and an affront to Helena is an affront to the throne. This is to say that Bertram is legally and politically obligated to love Helena, as if love is something that could be compelled, coerced, commanded. Here, the King of France ignores that desire is not logical or causal and is not subject to regal injunction. Desire cannot be systematized. We cannot program our minds to love; we cannot download love applications into the smartphones of our minds. Were she not such a monomaniac, Helena would have let Bertram go after he refuses her, but she does not. Not once does Helena accept Bertram’s rejection. Not once does she turn her attention to another man after Bertram scorns her. Instead, she pretends to relinquish the man she is determined to appropriate: “That you are well restor’d, my lord, I’m glad. / Let the rest go” [II:iii]. When Helena says this, it is accismus, that is, the feigned refusal of that which is earnestly desired. It is not a statement of resignation. Nor should one mistake her demand to marry for a marriage proposal. Helena does not propose marriage; she imposes marriage. It would have been noble had Helena renounced Bertram upon learning that he is a marriage escapee, that he defected to Italy and entered the Tuscan Wars and a likely death to escape her. However, this is not what Helena does: Instead, she pursues him to Italy. Her path of reflection is as follows: “Bertram left France to escape me; therefore, I will leave France, as well—and follow him to Italy.” Whereas Helena wants presence, Bertram wants absence: “Till I have no wife I have nothing in France” [III:ii], he writes to his mother. To say that she wants everything would be a gross understatement. She wants more than everything—she wants to eat her Key Lime Pie and refrigerate it at the same time. Bertram gives away his six-generation family ring to Helena, who is disguised as a Florentine washerwoman, and this is ring will be returned to him. The ring seals not only his marriage to Helena, but also seals his marriage to the community / to the collective. The symbol of the ring is clearly the chief symbol of the play, for treason moves in an annular pattern. Treachery is circular; treason is circular. This is the meaning of the difficult and frequently misinterpreted words of the First Lord: We are, the First Lord says, “[m]erely our own traitors. And as in the common course of all treasons we still see them reveal themselves till they attain to their abhorr’d ends; so he that in this action contrives against his own nobility, in his proper stream o’erflows himself” [IV:iii]. I would translate these lines thus: “We human beings are traitors to ourselves. We betray ourselves in the very act of betrayal. As we betray others, we betray ourselves—that is, we reveal ourselves as traitors and thus we betray our own betrayals.” According to a citation in The Oxford English Dictionary, “till” could mean “while” in 1603. All’s Well That Ends Well is believed to have been written between 1604 and 1605. If “till” meant “while” in 1603 in England, then this is a justifiable reading of the lines. All of the main characters are unrepentant traitors, and traitors always betray themselves. We see treacherous treason in the treacheries of Parolles, of Helena, and of Bertram. Parolles intends to betray the Florentine army, but ends up betraying military secrets to the Florentine army. Helena does, in fact, deceive her husband, but this deception ends in legitimized sexual intercourse. Moreover, she lies when she says that she “embrace[s]” death to “set [Bertram] free” [III:iv], but she does so in order to affirm the sanctity of marriage. She is a liar who feigns her own death—but she does so in order to honor marriage and thus to honor Elizabethan society. In the eyes of the world, she has done nothing wrong. Who could blame her for cozening someone who would unjustly win? Would could blame her for deceiving her husband in order to sanctify conjugality? A Casanova in reverse, she takes a honeymoon to Italy and has sex with her husband—only her husband thinks that he is having sex with someone else. No one is devirginized, except for Bertram’s wife. Bertram would betray Helena by cheating upon her, but he ends up betraying himself. He intends to commit adultery on his own wife, but he ends up committing adultery with his wife. From a purely external / legal / formal point of view, neither sin nor crime has been performed in each case. In each case, the three characters have sinful intentions, and yet commit no sin. All’s well that ends in a socially acceptable manner. It is for this reason that Helena says that the reason within her treasonous marriage plot “[i]s wicked meaning in a lawful deed, / And lawful meaning in a lawful act, / Where both not sin, and yet a sinful fact” [III:vii]. And later in the play: “All’s well that ends well; still the fine’s the crown. / Whatever the course, the end is the renown” [IV:v]. “Fine” here means “ending.” The formal close of the plot sanctifies all of the deception that came before it. The ring turns itself around; the end communes with the beginning. The ring is closed, erasing all of the treachery and deception that was used to forge it. No one is innocent, and no one is guilty. Diana implies the innocent guilt of not only Bertram, but of all traitors, when she says: “Because he’s guilty and he is not guilty” [V:iii]. The traitors of the play (Parolles, Helena, and Bertram) are innocent, though their intentions are treasonous. One character after the other intends to perform a treacherous action, but this action is transmuted into its opposite. Such is the reversal of language: As the First Lord says to the Second Lord (in reference to a secret that will be communicated by the latter to the former): “When you have spoken it, ’tis dead, and I am the grave of it” [IV:iii]. Language kills. That is: Language has the tendency to say the exact opposite of what we mean. When we say or write, “I am lonely,” we cannot be lonely, for we open up the possibility of communication. When we say or write, “I am sad,” we are not sad enough to stop speaking or writing. Concerning the intentional errors of language: The bescarfed fool Patrolles misuses words throughout, and this is always Shakespeare’s way of ridiculing characters he does not respect. For instance, Parolles says “facinerious” instead of “facinorous” [II:iii]. He uses an affected language, such as when he calls Bertram’s defection from marriage a “capriccio” [Ibid.]. He often cannot finish his sentences. Again and again, his sentences are broken off with em-dashes (this is what rhetoricians call aposiopesis). And yet there is some sense in his nonsense. When he intones, “Mort du vinaigre!” [III:iii], this might seem to be mere babble, and yet might it not evoke the crucifixion of Christ, whose broken lips and tongue were said to be moistened by vinegar? When Parolles is accosted by the Florentines, dressed as Muscovites, they utter gibble-gabble, such as “Boskos vauvado” and “Manka revania dulche” [IV:i]. And yet are they gabbling? Dulche might invoke Dolch, a German word that means “dagger” (after all, the Florentines-dressed-as-Muscovites are pointing their poniards at Parolles), and boskos might evoke “bosk” or “boscage,” which makes sense, since the scene takes place in a forest. Even though they are gabbling, there is significance in their gibble-gabble. Shakespeare cannot allow his writing to be meaningless. There is, in his writing, a tyranny of meaning. Even the nonsense in his plays carries sense. At the end of the play, which does not end well, and which therefore belies its own title, Bertram acknowledges that his wife is his wife, but he does so in formalistic and legalistic language: “If she, my liege, can make me know this clearly / I’ll love her dearly, ever, ever dearly” [V:iii]. In other words, “I love you because I am socially, legally, and politically obligated to love you.” He speaks as if the knowledge of information led to desire, as if the confirmation of a legal contract necessarily issued in passion. Indeed, Helena has proven that she has fulfilled both conditions of the contract: that she pull the ring from his finger and that she produce a child of whom he is the father. The ring is given as evidence to Helena’s kangaroo court; the parturition of the child is demonstrated, as if this were the Elizabethan version of a talk-show paternity test. It is probable, however, that Bertram intended “ring” and “child” as metaphors—and yet Helena takes the letter as the law. Helena literalizes what might have been intended metaphorically. Is the social, legal, and political obligation to love another human being not the definition of marriage? Kant defined marriage as the mutual leasing of each other’s genital organs, and philosophers since Hegel have criticized his glacial definition. But was Kant incorrect? All’s Well That Ends Well implies essentially the same thing. It could be said, with only slight exaggeration or overstatement, that this play is a work of misogamy in contrast to the epithalamia Much Ado about Nothing and A Midsummer Night’s Dream. Shakespeare’s most problematical comedy would suggest that marriage is the lie of all lies, the hoax of all hoaxes, and should be avoided by anyone who values solitude, privacy, and freedom. When Bertram submits to the will of Helena and the will of the King the first time, it is hardly a profession of love: “I find that she, which late / Was in my nobler thoughts most base, is now / The praised of the king; who, so ennobled, / Is as ’twere born so” [II:iii]. This is the least erotic assent to marry someone that has ever been articulated. “All yet seems well” [V:iii; emphasis mine]. There is the semblance of a happy closure, the simulation of a happy ending. Simply because the circle has closed in a formal sense, this does not mean that anyone is happy. All’s Well That Ends Well does not end well. All is not well in All’s Well That Ends Well. All’s ill that ends well.
Brave warrior was tired after the battle, but their two cute and a very horny boys-servants are always ready to help him relax. And they’re know how to pleased him, and for this they’re use all pleasurable sexual tactics they’re know! And it’ll be hot! 😉 And it’s a very qulaity FullHD video (1080p)! You can download this video from the links below (High Quality) or watch via integrated player (Low Quality). Sample video quality via integrated player is a low. Type: 3D video | Author: MMS | Duration: 6:55 | Quality: High | Format: MP4 | Size: 1,22 GB
(HealthDay News) — The incidence of COVID-19 is increased in association with long-term exposure to airborne pollutants, according to a study published online in Occupational & Environmental Medicine. Giovanni Veronesi, PhD, from the University of Insubria in Varese, Italy, and colleagues examined the association between long-term exposure to airborne pollutants and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 incidence up to March 2021 among residents of Varese aged 18 years and older. The rate ratios and additional numbers of cases were estimated per 1 µg/m3 increase in air pollutants from single-pollutant and bipollutant models. The researchers identified 4408 cases among 62,848 residents. The annual average fine particulate matter (PM2.5) exposure was 12.5 µg/m3. Independent associations with COVID-19 were seen for age, living in a residential care home, history of stroke, and medications for diabetes, hypertension, and obstructive airway diseases. PM2.5 was associated with a 5.1% increase in the rate of COVID-19 in single-pollutant multivariable models, yielding 294 additional cases per 100,000 person-years. In bipollutant models, the association was confirmed, excluding residents in residential care homes and after further adjustment for area-based indicators of socioeconomic status and public transportation use. For PM10, nitrogen dioxide, and nitrogen monoxide, the findings were similar. There was a 2% decrease in disease rate in association with ozone, which was reversed in bipollutant models. “The COVID-19 cumulative incidence risk connected to long-term exposure to airborne pollutants suggests that outdoor pollution can sustain the disease rate after its temporal peak and irrespective of national or regional quarantine/lockdown periods,” the authors write.
There are 5 campground loops at Johnson Shut-Ins, a Missouri state park. We stayed in Loop 2, the loop with full hook up sites. The sites were very spacious and level. There are a number of pull through sites; although, we didn’t have one. There is a gravel trail which runs all through the campground which is great for walking and provides an easy access to the campground’s facilities. There is no wi-fi or over the air tv channels available, so we brought some DVDs for nightly entertainment. There is a campground store which was open only on weekends during our fall stay. Next to the store is a very nice laundry facility. This is a most pleasant place to camp. 2. Visit the Shut-Ins The main draw of the park is the shut-ins area. There is a concrete path from the campground to the shut-ins. However, it is 3.74 miles to the “entrance” to the shut-ins area, and then it is a small hike to the shut-ins. We felt it too far to walk, so we drove to the shut-ins area parking lot and walked in from there. There is a second store located here, and in front is a beautiful stone mural depicting nature in the Ozarks. We enjoyed the fall colors during our visit, a time when the park is a bit more peaceful. In the summer, this state park can become very crowded as people love playing in, what is commonly called, nature’s water park. Water shoes are a must along with a ton of caution. We saw two people slip on the rocks while walking just a bit into the water. Good thing they didn’t hit their heads! My pictures don’t do the justice to the beauty of the area, but here are just a few to give you an idea. 3. Visit the Black River Visitor Center One day, we walked the concrete path from the campground to the Visitor Center. It took us a good 45 minutes one way. The nice thing is the path goes under the state highway, so no worries about crossing the sometimes busy road. We enjoyed the walk immensely. We also enjoyed looking at the displays in the Visitor Center, including some short videos. The Visitor Center is on the bottom floor of the building. There are also some nice displays out front. 4. Visit Elephant Rocks State Park This day-use state park is about 14 miles from Johnson Shut-Ins, and we visited there on our best weather day. We visited this Missouri state park on a Wednesday, and we were surprised at the number of cars in the parking lot. However, we were able to practice social distancing without any issues. The walk through the elephant rocks is a paved trail which is about one mile long. There are a couple of alternate paths which ensures the path is wheelchair accessible. Right off the parking lot, there are a number of picnic tables among the boulders. After our hike, we enjoyed this area to eat lunch and to play some Scrabble. While sitting here, we saw a young girl with her grandmother walk in, both carrying sketchbooks. Later, they showed us their drawings which were excellent. What a nice activity to enjoy together and connect the generations. 5. Visit Battle of Pilot Knob – State Historic Site This state historic site is in Pilot Knob, about 15 miles away. It is a smaller museum which offers a number of displays as well as 2 movies to watch. This site preserves an important civil war battle. There is an outside walking trail; however, it was a very cold and windy day. So, we hope to do the outside activities on a future visit. Pilot Knob is in the area known as “Arcadia Valley”, and it is a beautiful area in Missouri. I can’t help but remember how my grandmother, who was born in 1898, talked about how she visited Pilot Knob as a young girl. She told me many times, she “hiked those hills morning through night.” She also said she was with some lady, maybe Mrs. Bogart, who carried a gun on those hikes. For what, I don’t know. Maybe because of snakes – or bears? My grandma lived in St. Louis, so I wonder how she got to Pilot Knob – horse or train? I will have to ask family members if they recall any more to the story. 6. Go out to Eat For dinner one night, we drove back to Pilot Knob. We ate at Baylee Jo’s BBQ, and it was delicious. It was recommended to us by a fellow camper, and it was a great recommendation. There is also a Save-A-Lot right across the street which we popped into for some groceries. My post describes just a few things to do in and around Johnson Shut-Ins. However, there are many other activities and places to visit. With such a nice campground and it being so close to home, we hope to visit and enjoy Johnson Shut-Ins and the Arcadia Valley area again and again.
The World of SVG 2022 Jan 31 - by Robert Giordano | Blog Index Remember back in December 2020 when I first created Linkatopia's own "Official Account" icon? Well, there's the original PNG file I made, vs the new SVG version I just made. Along with everything else, I've spent the past month replacing all of the old PNG icons and graphics with SVG files. What's SVG you ask? It's another graphic file format like JPG, GIF, or PNG and it stands for Scalable Vector Graphics. If you really want to dive in, here's the Wikipedia page. Like you can probably guess from the acronym, SVG files can scale to any size and are made of vector shapes instead of pixels. They are much smaller than PNG or even JPG so they load fast! SVG 1.1 has been around since 2011 but, as usual, there were significant differences in how various browsers handled SVG files. Welcome to 2022. You would think all of that browser stuff would be ironed out by now right? Well, kind of but as usual, its complicated. As long as you don't need to support Internet Explorer 11 (which no one should be) then SVG files will work in just about every browser. However, if you want to be able to use cool SVG features, like being able to change the colors of an icon on the fly or use CSS for rollover effects without needing separate images, then it gets tricky. Many of the tutorials I found online for using SVG features in all modern browsers, were from 7 to 10 years old, and some of those techniques no longer work. I did manage to learn how to do some cool things, just using trial and error. For Linkatopia, one of the most important SVG features I wanted to use, is the ability to make a single icon and change its color on the fly with CSS. This would allow me to create ONE SET of icons that could change colors to match 100 different layout themes. I could even give users the ability to change the icons to match their own color schemes. I made an HTML page that I called my "SVG Workshop" and this is a screenshot from the latest version of that page. I used this page to do experiments with my SVGs and load them in all different browsers, on PCs, Macs, and phones. I learned what worked consistently and what didn't. As you can see here, I can color a single icon multiple ways, and I can even change the color on different parts of the icon if I "code" it that way. These are the new icons I'm using right now for stars, friends, tags, official accounts, and locks. On the regular site, the lock has 2 different colors, green or yellow. But the page only needs to load ONE lock icon from the server. SVG is Code In the previous paragraph, I said... if I "code" it that way. And that's because SVGs are XML code. You can make SVGs in Notepad! In fact, I made all of my own SVGs and I mostly used Mousepad (a Linux version of Notepad). For the previous site, I used Photoshop to create all of my PNG icons but I'm still using CS6 and it doesn't have SVG export. I'll save my Adobe rant for my personal blog, but the point is, I didn't need any Abobe products. I made all of my SVG icons in a text editor and a FREE online path tool. The image above is a screenshot of my star icon in that free tool by Yann Armelin. It's called the svg-path-editor and it deserves a shout out because it's awesome. In the past, every time I made a new theme with a different color palette, I had to create and export a whole new set of icons to match. Now, all of the themes use my new SVG icons. Each theme can set its own icon colors. A few icons, like the blue "official account" badge and the locks, have hard coded colors that can't be changed. The screenshot above is Freddy the Cat's page, set to the "dark" theme. The main menu icon is dark grey, QR icon is white, the stars and 3-dot menu icons are blue. Now, take a look at the next two themes, keeping in mind that I'm using THE SAME SET of icons for all 3 themes!! This is the "default" theme. The main menu icon is white, QR icon is black, the stars and 3-dot menu icons are dark blue with light blue fill. This is the "hacker" theme. I designed the main menu button (top right corner) so I could modify the main fill color as well as the outline color. The outline is part of the SVG and is not a CSS outline. I can also set the opacity of the outline and fill independently. SVGs are so cool. I still have a few more SVG icons to create, but once I have them all done, I will be making many more themes. Previously it was so tedious creating and exporting 15 or more icons every time I wanted to make a new theme. Then, I had to create folders on the server for all these files. Then, there were duplicates because some icons could be used in multiple themes. What a mess. Now I just have one set of icons. It's a beautiful thing and it opens up all kinds of possibilities for custom themes!
Layer-one blockchain networks like Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) form the foundation of the cryptocurrency ecosystem and enable smart contract functionality that has allowed the creation of new industries like decentralized finance (DeFi) and nonfungible tokens (NFT). Avalanche (AVAX) is a relatively new layer-one solution that has recently seen a significant increase in price and adoption as the dominant smart-contract platform (Ethereum) continues to struggle with high transaction costs and slower processing times than its competitors. Data from Cointelegraph Markets Pro and TradingView shows that after hitting a low of $12.24 on Aug. 3, the price of AVAX rallied 205% to a multi-week high at $37.42 on Aug. 20 as its 24-hour trading volume surged to more than $1.4 billion. Three reasons for the significant price growth from AVAX are its rapidly expanding DeFi ecosystem, the release of the Avalanche bridge to Ethereum and the protocol’s unique tokenomic design that offers dynamic fees and a token burn mechanism. Avalanche Rush expands the DeFi ecosystem One of the biggest developments to happen for the Avalanche protocol was the announcement of Avalanche Rush on Aug. 18, a $180 million liquidity mining incentive program launched in conjunction with Aave and Curve that is designed to introduce more applications and assets to its growing DeFi ecosystem. Experience the power of #Avalanche. Welcome to #AvalancheRush, the $180M liquidity mining incentive program in collaboration with leading DeFi dapps–both on and off Avalanche– starting with @aaveaave and @curvefinance. And, this is just Phase 1! https://t.co/YGrrVB7Uqc — Avalanche (@avalancheavax) August 18, 2021 Phase 1 of the Rush program is set to begin in the near future and will allow AVAX to be used as liquidity mining incentives for Aave and Curve users over a 3 month period. A total of $27 million worth of AVAX has been set aside by the Avalanche Foundation to fund the incentive program with additional allocations planned for phase 2. The program was designed to demonstrate the Avalanche Foundation’s commitment to scaling DeFi on the network and helping to “create a more accessible, decentralized, and cost-effective ecosystem.” Evidence of the growth of DeFi on the Avalance network can be found in the increasing total value locked (TVL) in protocols on the network, such as Pangolin and Benqi Finance which recently surpassed a TVL of $300 million. Ethereum bridge facilitates asset migration A second reason for the bullish growth seen in the Avalance ecosystem over the past few weeks is the release of the Avalanche Bridge (AB) on July 29. This “next-generation cross-chain bridging technology” enables the transfer of assets between the Avalanche and Ethereum networks. The Avalanche Bridge (AB) launched just 3 weeks ago. Today, AB officially transferred over $100M in tokens to and from Ethereum. — Avalanche (@avalancheavax) August 19, 2021 As shown in the above tweet, in the three weeks since the AB was launched, it has transferred more than $100 million in token value between the two networks as holders seek lower-fee environments to conduct their transactions. The AB is estimated to be five times cheaper than the previous Avalanche-Ethereum Bridge (AEB) and it is purported to offer a “better user experience than any cross-blockchain bridges launched to-date.” If Ethereum is unable to get a handle on high transaction costs in the near future, there is a good chance that assets and liquidity will continue to migrate to chains like Avalanche as their DeFi ecosystems grow in size and value. Transaction burning improves AVAX tokenomics A third reason for the increasing interest in the Avalanche network is the protocol’s unique tokenomic structure that includes a transaction fee burning mechanism that helps reduce the circulating supply over time. #Avalanche burns all transaction fees. See how much has been burned so far! https://t.co/LpxU9dtyXy — Avalanche (@avalancheavax) August 20, 2021 As noted in the above tweet, all fees on Avalanche are burned for the benefit of everyone in the community as the hard-capped supply of 720 million AVAX is guaranteed to decrease over time. This could help increase the value of the remaining tokens in circulation. At the time of writing, more than 163,000 AVAX have been burned, a figure which increases more rapidly as more users transact on the network. The network’s fee mechanism is also set to undergo an upgrade to Apricot phase three which will introduce C-Chain dynamic fees on Aug. 24. ⭐Apricot Phase Three: C-Chain Dynamic Fees Apricot Phase Three upgrade will activate on @Avalancheavax Mainnet at 7 a.m EDT (11 a.m UTC) on Tuesday, August 24th — AVAX Daily (@AVAXDaily) August 16, 2021 The new integration will allow for the addition of a time-based, rolling window fee calculation, a capped fee range of 75–225 nAVAX and a block gas limit of 8 million gas. The views and opinions expressed here are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Cointelegraph.com. Every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision.
Your shopping cart is empty! Unprecedented power. The next generation of processing technology has arrived. Built into the newest VAIO notebooks lies Intel's latest, most powe.. $1,000.00 Ex Tax:$1,000.00 HTC Touch - in High Definition. Watch music videos and streaming content in awe-inspiring high definition clarity for a mobile experience you never th.. $400.00 Ex Tax:$400.00
Many of us have been building our lives around the invisible safety net that we had our parents tell us about; as their parents told me. Unfortunately, in recent years, the fantasy of “Safety Net in the Workplace” has disappeared, as do many fantasies. From feeling overworked and burnt out to being underpaid and frustrated, most have begun to look elsewhere for an escape route. Before you do anything rash, think about what you want your ultimate goal(s) to be. Here are a few things to consider before breaking out of your 9-to-5. How Much Do You Need? What should your income, not gross, but the final take home that you enjoy and run your household with, be? How much do you need to keep your family operating? What can you be happy making? These may seem like simple questions to answer, but they actually need some serious consideration. These answers will allow you to take a serious look at what you need to do to accomplish your financial goals. Through understanding how much you need to make, you will understand how many hours you really need to work. What Is Your Vision for Your Business? The vision of many businesses is to experience the evolutionary journey of becoming an Enterprise. The opportunity to be in vast locations and be considered a global success. This may not be your particular vision, and you may be content with dominating and being seen as a strong contender within your community helping to bring change in the lives of your neighbors and that's awesome too. It's never easy to decide when it is the best time to leave your 9-to-5, but you never want to go without a game plan if you can help it. Take the time to figure out what your passion is. Sounds hinky (weird) but it's valid! When you find what helps drive you, makes you enjoy what you do, then it creates the best environment and mindset for you to not only leave your 9-to-5, but be successful at what you choose to fill your time doing.Whatever you strive to do, do it with purpose and excellence. Whatever you strive to do, do it with purpose and excellence.
Let’s get straight to the point; winter tends to overstay its welcome. With major snowstorms lasting into April earlier this year, Mother Nature definitely took longer than expected to bestow warmer temperatures upon us Canadians. Living in this wonderful, snowy nation, there are some crucial lessons to learn in order to thrive in the ‘Great White North’. Most importantly, is realizing the importance of making the best of your environment and conditions (especially the long winter months we so often endure). Our initial instincts are to stay warm and cozy during blizzard-stricken months, huddled indoors with blankets, warm drinks, a crackling fire and taking in an unhealthy amount of Netflix, while silently praying that our neighbour or significant other will shovel the walkway. Winters have such great potential though, why surrender such glorious opportunities to see the remarkable beauty Canada boasts in its backyard? Exploring the outdoors throughout all four of our Canadian seasons is a revitalizing experience for us, which should be taken advantage of to refresh our frame of mind. It’s a chance to discover new adventures just a snowball’s throw away. We’re all familiar with making the most of warm temperatures during the summer months with patio season and backyard lounging in full swing. The winter landscape can be just as inspiring too, when given the chance. If you need more convincing, here are a few of Canada’s premiere winter activity destinations: Fernie, British Columbia The shops, cafés, restaurants and pubs along 2nd Avenue in Fernie are some of the Canadian Rockies’ hidden gems, with surrounding mountain peaks looming over the glow of its downtown streets. Located just down the road, Fernie Alpine Resort is home to some of Canada’s most legendary powder, with an average snowfall of 30ft. From epic downhill skiing to leisurely snowshoe and groomed cross-country skiing trails, the resort has activities for the whole family. It also offers plenty of weekly programs to get you outside and even yoga classes to help you find your winter Zen. Their on-mountain accommodations along with a local shuttle to town make for a perfect introduction to Canada’s winter activities. Kimberley, British Columbia If you’re looking for a classic mountain town, you’ve found it. The town of Kimberley embodies the Canadian spirit with humble, welcoming locals and a relentless passion for nature. Kimberley is home to craft beers, great local dining, the oldest building in Canada and a variety of activities to enjoy outside. With stunning scenery of the Kootenay mountains, Kimberley Alpine Resort is just minutes from town and offers great facilities and terrain for people of all skiing and snowboarding ability levels – from first-timers to seasoned slope shredders. Looking to stay on level ground? Try the area’s expansive snowshoe trails, cross-country skiing network or check out fat biking, one of North America’s favourite new activities (mountain bikes with wider tires for better grip in snow conditions). Golden, British Columbia One of the most famed locations along the Powder Highway, Kicking Horse Mountain Resort and the town of Golden are conveniently located along the TransCanada Highway and ready to provide you a mountain experience like no other. Drop into Whitetooth Brewing Co. for locally crafted beers, or the Northern Lights Wildlife Wolf Centre for an up-close learning session with these amazing animals. Delving deeper into nature, Kicking Horse Mountain Resort offers Canada’s highest dining experience, the Eagle’s Eye Restaurant at 7,700ft. Once you’re fueled up, hit the slopes of the Catamount Chair to learn the basics on your skis or snowboard, or bring your little ones to the tube park and natural ice rink at the base of the resort. Advanced skiers head to the top via the gondola for wide ranging bowls, ridges and chutes. If staying grounded is your preference, Golden is primed with world-class snowmobiling, along with plenty of rentals and tours available. Life’s too short – and winters are too long – to miss out on a lifetime of adventure. Let winter activities revitalize your soul and help you look forward to the inevitable snowfalls each year. Meet Mother Nature halfway on this one and discover how rewarding Canada’s winter climates can truly be.
One of the most frustrating things in the world is taking a few steps forward and losing your WiFi signal. In one spot, you’re completely fine and in the next, no bars. There’s a room in my house that when the door is open, perfectly fine signal. Close that regular old hollow wood door and you get nothing! To fix this, you have a couple of options. First and most expensive, you can set up a true Mesh network. Our JD Snyder recently took a look at Ubiquiti’s Mesh system and came away impressed. If you don’t want to completely scrap the hardware you currently have, you can pick up a WiFi Repeater or Extender for pretty cheap. Our friends over at LightInTheBox are running a special right now on a couple of repeaters that we think you should take a look at. The first repeater is on sale for only $10 right now. It has the option to work either as a wireless repeater or in Wireless AP mode with an Ethernet cable attached to it. It supports 802.11 a/g/b/n and has a two-year warranty. It also comes with both US and EU plugs so it’s ideal to take with you on trips across the pond. The second repeater is also on sale for about $10 right now and supports speeds up to 300Mbps. It supports Wireless-N and runs on the 2.4 GHz network to get through walls and obstructions easily. It also supports WPA2, WPA and WEP security protocols and has a software wizard for easy setup.
FedEx is increasing the power of its nationwide workforce in preparation for another busy holiday season by hosting both in-person and virtual hiring events across the country. The company plans to hire 90,000 workers across the US to get ready for another busy holiday season. Teams are hiring for thousands of positions across all operating companies and granting competitive offers on the spot, temporary bonus structures, and pay enhancements that vary by market. “We offer team members the chance to grow and reach their full potential, thanks to excellent training, education assistance, career development programs, and a strong ‘promote from within’ culture. In fact, some of our top management started out in entry-level positions with FedEx. When you join FedEx, you are part of a team where possibilities span the globe – from opportunities for advancement and location transfer to training and leadership programs. Our goal is for every team member to find and thrive in their ideal role within the FedEx enterprise.”Judy Edge, corporate vice president of Human Resources at FedEx FedEx Hiring Event Thursday September 23 National Hiring Day in-person events will take place in multiple markets on Thursday, Sept. 23, including Memphis, Indianapolis, Dallas, and Atlanta. Open positions include field operations functions such as: - Package handler - Operations manager - Maintenance technician - Forklift driver - Customs trade coordinator These positions are critical to the company’s success in meeting rising e-commerce demands from retailers and consumers. Additionally, FedEx is hiring approximately 500 highly specialized STEM roles, including remote positions, as the company harnesses its logistics intelligence to optimize operations, and transform the digital and physical customer experience. Positions including full stack developer, data scientist, and data engineer will help enable the company to achieve the mission of delivering market-leading experiences that delight customers with simple, personal, and proactive interactions. Beyond the robust hiring effort, FedEx is readying operations by adding new hubs and sorting facilities, enhancing package handling and delivery capabilities to keep pace with demand and continuing to offer thousands of locations where consumers can drop off (or pick up) packages at their convenience. The company is also doubling down on the commitment to seven-day residential delivery to get packages where they need to be every day of the week. Connect With Us And Other Small Business Owners Please head over to our Facebook Group for Small Business Sellers and interact with other small business owners. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Business Insights for Your Online Business Presented with a Dash of Humor We do not share your information and you can unsubscribe anytime.
Are you facing problems in your business or scared of business losses or want to work as a business person? Worry not. Business problem solutions can easily be tackled through business astrology. All you need is a business problem solution astrologer who will help you to come out of all your business problems. The best astrologer in India Jitubhai Pandit Ji is one of the renowned astrologers who always predicts the exact solution for your business issues. Pandit Ji has a track record of providing business solutions to both national and international businesspersons and so is considered as Best Indian Astrologer in the UK, USA, and Canada. Are you worry for your business? Call now to get boom your business Expert Business Astrologer Starting a business is never too simple as it looks. Many successful business persons inspire us every single moment but that doesn’t mean that you can be like them in no time. When the idea of starting something of your own crosses your mind, we strongly advise you to consult a business astrologer at this crucial point of your career. An expert business astrologer like Jitubhai Ji will tell you the perfect time to start a business based on your planetary positions and horoscope. People who don’t take the astrological consultation before starting a business mostly fail. It may be noted that one of the major reasons for failure in business maybe black magic. So it is highly advisable to check for black magic which leads to problems in the business. Pandit Ji may advise you for certain rituals and poojas for business growth. A detailed consultation with the best Jyotish in Surat Pandit Jitubhai Ji about your business ideas and starting of a new business can assure a very successful business than all your competitors. After analyzing your horoscope, he will find numerous successful business doors open for you. Needless to say, his capability and years-long experience has helped countless people who are doing very well in their business.
Insurance & Appointment Coordinator Sarah is our very experienced and knowledgeable Insurance/Appointment Coordinator. She assists our patients with the complex task of insurance coverage determinations and processing insurance claims correctly. She works diligently in ensuring that we get the maximum benefits from your insurance carrier, researches and resolves insurance billing issues. Sarah graduated with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Psychology from Texas State University and has over 18 years of experience navigating dental insurance. She has been working for our patients since the day we opened in 2004. She loves challenges and is always willing to advance her education and training to achieve the highest degree of patient satisfaction. Sarah enjoys spending her free time with family and friends. She loves the outdoors and has been skydiving twice! Shauna is one of our very talented dental assistants. She was born and raised in Richmond and graduated from the Professional Career Development Institute in 2001. She has worked as a Registered Dental Assistant in Texas ever since. When Shauna joined our practice in 2007, it seemed like she had been assisting Dr. Janer for years. Many patients notice their seamless workflow and how she can predict the doctor’s every move and anticipate her needs making the dental visit very smooth. Shauna is very detailed oriented and goes out of her way to ensure that the patient is comfortable. She is always thinking of new ideas to make the patient’s experience better. Shauna is married and has two very handsome and active boys that keep her on her toes constantly. When she is not working, she loves spending time with her family camping, fishing, swimming and riding bikes. Shaista is one of Richmond Landing Family Dentistry’s talented and knowledgeable Dental Hygienists. She obtained her certificate in Dental Hygiene from The University of Texas School of Dentistry. Shaista has been working in dentistry for over 20 years, and has practiced as a licensed dental hygienist since 2007. She finds dentistry both challenging and rewarding. Shaista fell in love with dentistry when she worked at a dental office, while in college, pursuing an engineering degree. She believes that patient education is paramount in achieving overall health and understands well the relationship between oral and systemic health. While being born in Brooklyn, New York, she considers herself a Texan! Shaista has 3 children, two boys and a girl. Her eldest, a son, is pursuing a career in medicine, while her middle son is attending pastoral ministry school. Her daughter is in high school and loves doing missionary work. Shaista has a cute little Yorkie at home called Dobby. When Shaista has free time, she enjoys salsa dancing, traveling, working out and trying all the different foods Houston offers. Her favorite things are spending time with family and friends and volunteering at the food pantry or anywhere she is needed. Shaista considers her patients as part of our family and they always compliment her for her gentle touch and attention to detail. You will agree when you meet her. Treatment & Appointment Coordinator Julie is our very warm and personable Treatment/Appointment Coordinator. Her 36 years of experience in dentistry has made her very knowledgeable in all the different facets of dentistry. She is our “zen” – her peaceful and relaxed demeanor help put patients at ease when navigating through treatment options. You can count on her to be your advocate. Julie is truly genuine and sincere and cares about all of our patients. She goes out of her way to be of service to everyone. Julie is married to her high school sweetheart and they have two grown daughters and one granddaughter. She enjoys arts and crafts, spending time with her family and traveling. When Julie answers the phone, she is so friendly, you do not want to hang up. We suggest you come meet her instead. Tiffany is one of the Doctors very capable, talented and friendly Dental Assistants. She graduated from Pima Medical Institute and is a registered Dental Assistant in the State of Texas. Tiffany is ambitious and hopes to continue college and attain her Bachelor of Science Degree in Human Resources. Tiffany chose a career in dentistry because she’s always noticed people’s smiles first. She loves making sure her patients are comfortable during their dental visits making their needs a priority and that they leave the office loving their smile! Tiffany has beautiful daughter. She enjoys gardening with her family, cooking great food and listening to music. Saturday mornings are special when Tiffany prepares special breakfasts and the family spends time outdoors together. When she has down time alone, she enjoys painting. We are happy to have Tiffany at Richmond Landing Family Dentistry and we know you will enjoy and appreciate her too. Alicia is a Dental Assistant at Richmond Landing Family Dentistry. Alicia loves what she does, and it shows in her work. She is very kind, friendly and professional. Alicia graduated from Pinnacle Career Center in 2010, and she is a Registered Dental Assistant in the State of Texas. Alicia will tell you she has always been interested in Dentistry, and every day is different for her. There are new people to meet and every patient has different needs and requirements. This makes her day interesting and fun. She would not change it for the world. Alicia has 4 children, a son, and 3 daughters. and loves to spend her free time with her family. There is nothing she enjoys more than this, but spending time at Richmond Landing Family Dentistry takes a close second. She would love to meet you, and help you with the smile of your dreams! Zulma is our friendly and professional Recare Coordinator. She obtained her Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration and Management and worked for 7 years as an Administrative Assistant before making the decision to be a stay-at-home mom. Zulma knows firsthand that from the moment patients enter the office, until they leave, they can feel at ease and secure their dental needs will be met, because she was a patient at our practice before becoming our colleague. We feel extremely fortunate to have her on our team. She loves seeing the patients leave with a big, beautiful smile on their face. Zulma has been married for over 19 years and she and her husband have two wonderful kids, a blind doggy and a silly cat, as she describes her tribe at home. They all enjoy spending time fishing, going on vacation and visiting family in Puerto Rico and San Antonio. Zulma loves reading, going to the movies, listening to music and salsa dancing. She is pretty good at it too! She is one of the friendly, pleasant voices you will hear when you call our office! Amber is our talented and friendly Financial Coordinator. She graduated from Terry High School in Rosenberg and went on to complete the Registered Dental Assistant Program. She has been working in dentistry for over 15 years. Amber joined our practice as a dental assistant and transitioned to her current role a few years ago. Her clinical experienced as a dental assistant enhances her effectiveness in helping patient’s understand the value of their treatment needs. Amber enjoys helping patients finance their dental treatment. Amber has been married for over 10 years and has two wonderful boys. She enjoys spending her free time shopping and taking care of her family. She is a master in couponing! Ask her about it. The whole family are movie fanatics and they love keeping up with all the latest movie releases. If you want to know what to watch, just ask Amber! Yvette is Richmond Landing Family Dentistry’s knowledgeable and friendly New Patient Treatment Coordinator. Yvette graduated from Eisenhower High School and wanted to work in an office when she graduated. She just so happened to fall into a dental office position and fell in love with dentistry. Yvette is always learning, and she does not have a day go by that she does not learn something from someone. Her quest for knowing more about dentistry and helping her patients is never enough. Every day she comes to work with a renewed interest to help others and learn more. Yvette enjoys spending time with her husband and daughter. They enjoy cooking and baking together. In fact, her daughter has taken a special interest in culinary courses at school and can bake up a storm! Royella is one of Richmond Landing Family Dentistry’s friendly, knowledgeable and professional Dental Hygienists. Royella graduated from Tyler Junior College in Dental Hygiene, and she is a registered Dental Hygienist in the State of Texas. Royella has been working in dentistry for over 18 years, and she loves her profession. Royella will tell you there is nothing like a beautiful smile, and she loves helping Richmond Landing Family Dentistry patients attain and maintain their oral health and wonderful smiles. Royella and her husband have 3 handsome boys, and they love spending family time together watching football.
While the gallery is filled mostly with nature photography, I’ve noticed that I’ve been posting a much wider range than that…and can only think it’s to show the range of what’s really available. Seems to me that every sub-type of photography is different. Landscapes are different from macros are different from candids are different from architecture, etc. And (to me again), no matter the technical skill with (and understanding of) the camera, there’s a learning curve associated with whatever subject (type) you’re shooting. And you have to find your eye. That said, I wanted to learn to shoot cars. But, recall, I think I shoot portraiture, mostly. So…I see faces in cars. You might, too. And seems that each face has a personality. So in figuring out how to shoot cars – what my eye was, I naturally focused on the face – taking a portrait of the individual again. So here’s a result from my first outing. It’s a beautifully-restored ’56 Chevy Bel Air. I shot it in June of 2020 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. No idea who the owner is. To get the shot, I was on my back nearly under the front bumper. I used a really wide lens (not quite fisheye, but you get a bit of a bulge in the center) 21mm and I think I caught the essence of the thing. It’s a 2:3 ratio and is quite striking. As a sidenote, people who buy art at festivals seem to have a thing for triptychs. So I tried cutting this one into thirds and it came out really well. Really three distinct parts – headlights and hood ornament/branding in the middle. I’ve ordered it in three 24×48 panels on 1/4″ ultraboard (foamcore) and that monster (four feet by six feet plus the two gaps) will be on the west wall of the gallery soon. I decided to try the thin ultraboard for this one because it’s really the best bang-for-the-buck-for-square-foot-of-art medium. And it really does look good. (And I’m a little over budget populating the gallery). I’ll post a pic of the trip when it gets delivered this week. That monster trip will sell for $630. (By comparison, for that price you get a metal print that’s 22 x 33). It’s a matter of budget and taste. Of course, it’s available in any size, in trip or whole. Had a 12×18 that sold within minutes of putting it in my booth ($195) and it’s in a man cave in Colorado now. A color version is also available, but I prefer the black car in black and white. Email me at firstname.lastname@example.org to purchase or discuss size and medium and pricing options. It’s really a bold piece.
All hoodie designs are digitally printed on Heavy Blend Gildan Youth Hoodie. These hoodies are true to fit, if not a bit generous. Double draw-lined hood and front pouch pocket. These comfortable hoodies also have the following features: - Double-needle stitched collar, shoulder, armholes, cuffs and hem for durability - 50% pre-shrunk cotton, 50% polyester - Air-jet spun yarn that feels super soft and reduces annoying pilling |Sleeve length, in
Diageo, maker of Guinness, has announced plans to invest £73m in Guinness at Old Brewer’s Yard, a new microbrewery set to open in London’s Covent Garden in autumn 2023. The new venue at the historic brewing site will include a microbrewery producing limited-edition beers and offering guests tours, event spaces and a restaurant and open-fire kitchen. The 50,000 sq ft venue will create up to 150 jobs and will also become the southern UK hub of Diageo’s Learning for Life Bartending and Hospitality Programme, which has so far trained more than 5,500 people across the UK. The ambition is for more than 100 London-based students to graduate from the Guinness at Old Brewer’s Yard programme each year, with a proportion of employment opportunities to be ring-fenced for graduates. Guinness sales in Great Britain have grown by over 30% in the last six months and one in every 10 pints sold in London is now a Guinness. Dayalan Nayager, managing director, Diageo Great Britain, said: “We’re excited to create a new home for Guinness in the heart of London. ‘Guinness at Old Brewer’s Yard’ will strengthen London’s hospitality community and be a must-visit destination for thousands of visitors to enjoy. “Government support over the last two years has been vital for pubs and bars. Coming out of the pandemic, the long-term vitality of the trade will be significantly helped by the alcohol duty review and continued freezes in duty.” The site will be carbon neutral by 2030 and accessible, with a community programme, details of which will be designed following a consultation period with locals. The project remains subject to planning permission and consultation period. Old Brewer’s Yard is owned by the Mercers’ Company. Rob Abernethy, chief executive of the Mercers’ Company, added: “We are delighted to welcome Guinness to our Covent Garden estate. We have worked closely with Diageo to develop proposals which will restore Old Brewer’s Yard’s historic origins in a contemporary context. The significant level of investment is a major boost to London’s recovering economy and will provide a one-of-a-kind immersive experience, shining the spotlight on Covent Garden as a global visitor destination.”
Fusion Media and The Audience Awards join forces to present “Film School Face Off,” the first online competition that generates exposure, distribution deals and cash for student filmmakers Fusion Media and The Audience Awards are granting fresh exposure for student filmmakers by providing distribution deals, cash to support future filmmaking endeavors and a global audience to screen their work. Filmmakers fresh out of college, still in their collegiate career or those who have graduated within the last five years, are invited to rally fellow student filmmakers to represent their school and compete in the new online competition, Film School Face Off. The Film School Face Off competition is set up like college basketball’s March Madness. It is a single elimination bracket style competition. To fill a bracket and be eligible to compete, 10 students from each competing school must submit their short films, 20 minutes or less in length of any genre. The first eight schools to submit will have a secured place in the competition. The competition begins Sept. 22, 2015. The film with the most votes on Oct. 28, 2015 determines the winning school. Winning filmmakers will also be recognized. The first place film with the most audience awarded votes will receive $2,500, second place $1,000 and third place $500. $100 will also be awarded to each 10 students from the winning school for a combined total of $5,000 in prizes. The bracket-style competition builds camaraderie between fellow student filmmakers and provides students an opportunity for their work to be seen by an audience outside of their respective schools. “The best part about participating in The Audience Awards is that we got the chance to share the stage with phenomenal films and give a wider audience the opportunity to see our work,” said award-winning filmmaker, Amanda Harrymanm. Film School Face Off begins Sept. 22, 2015, with submissions ending one-week prior. Brackets are reserved at a first come first serve basis, so students are encouraged to organize their film schools quickly in order to secure their spot. More details about the competition can be found at http://theaudienceawards.com/filmschoolfaceoff. Students from USC, NYU, University of Montana, Montana State University and Colorado Film School have started to submit already. Gather your peers and submit today! The Audience Awards is film’s marketing platform. We connect filmmakers, businesses and audiences through short film competitions where the audience chooses the winners. Our competitions reach a wide audience and gain global exposure for brands through film.
The map is centered on the tallest building marked for the city, International Agricultural Exposition Center 1 (under-construction). Zoom-in to the map (double-click) and pan-around (click + drag) to see all buildings. Click on a building's marker to open the information page for that building. Only highrise buildings are marked on the map and the collection may not be comprehensive. See below for more information. Because of the large number of elements contained within a map it is important to use a web browser which can adequately handle the task of displaying the maps. Google Chrome performs the best, Firefox is second, and Microsoft Internet Explorer is third. Linking to a Map You can link to a map that you have altered with the map controls, simply use the Map URL found below the map. You can copy the URL to your computer's clipboard by right-clicking the Map URL link and selecting "Copy link address" (Chrome) or "Copy Link Location" (Firefox) or "Copy Shortcut" (IE). When this special URL is used to load a map all of the previous changes to the map, such as map position, zoom level and building selection, will be retained. The map on this page shows only buildings in the city/administrative region of Harbin. It does not include buildings in neighboring cities or municipalities, or elsewhere in the metropolitan region Harbin is situated in (if one exists). To clarify this situation take for example Los Angeles. The Los Angeles metropolitan region is comprised of many individual cities, but the map for the city of Los Angeles does not include buildings in Beverley Hills because Beverley Hills is a separate city. Currently it is not possible to view buildings from all of the cities in a metropolitan region together on one map. Definition of "Highrise" Only highrise buildings are marked on the map. For the purpose of this website a highrise is considered to be a building of at least 12 storeys or a multi-floored building at least 35 meters tall. For the sake of convenience highrise buildings are also referred to as skyscrapers (we don't set a minimum height for a skyscraper other than it must be a highrise building). Construction Status Definitions Built - Structure currently exists. Construction is complete and structure has potential for use. Structures undergoing renovation remain in this category. Under-Construction - Structure is currently under-construction. Structural components are being assembled permanently on-site. Excavation doesn't count as construction. Proposed - Structure is planned to be built and construction hasn't yet begun. Includes both structures which have been approved by local authorities and those which have not (we don't have a distinct 'approved' category). On-Hold - Construction had begun at one point but has now stopped. This is a sub-category of Under-construction. Frequently Asked Questions Some buildings on the map aren't marked. Why is this? This could be for a number of reasons: Our editors may not yet have identified and marked every building in the city. Out of a total of 105,013 highrises in our world-wide database which are eligible for inclusion on the highrise maps, only 96,158 of them have had their location data set and actually appear on the maps. Only highrise buildings are marked (a highrise is a multi-floored building of at least 35 meters in height or at least 12 floors). Some multi-floored buildings which are visible on the satellite photos but aren't marked may not be considered as a highrise. For example, a 10 storey residential building (with a height of below 35 meters) is not considered a highrise and will not be marked on the map. In the image to the right, the lower building, while casting a large shadow, is not marked as a highrise because it has only 10 floors, while the building across the street from it, which has 13 floors, is marked. Also, structures such as Toronto's CN Tower or Seattle's Space Needle, while certainly being quite tall, aren't marked because they aren't considered as highrises. The maps may be expanded in the future to include additional types of structures. The building may be outside of the city boundary. The building may simply not exist in the SkyscraperPage database at all. Some buildings appear to be marked in the wrong location. Why is this? Tall buildings on the map are marked at the position where they rise from the ground. Sometimes satellite imagery of a city shows buildings from an oblique (angled) view and a building may appear offset from its actual map location. In the image to the right, the red marker is marking the tower which rises to the right of it, not the tower with the roof the marker is over top of. This paradox is caused by the oblique view of the satellite imagery.
To the spouter from Avalon stating that "ObamaCare" is not "soci Thank you for reading & participating. Spout Off is funded by advertising. Please disable or pause your ad blocker to continue. North Cape May - To the spouter from Avalon stating that "ObamaCare" is not "socialized" healthcare, please check your fire. Anything that is forced down the throat of the citizens of a country by their government is just short of communism. The way this program is being handled is a disgrace. The folks that I know in the medical profession want nothing to do with it. As a businessman, I want nothing to do with it. It is a free ride for the freeloaders already on "socialized handouts".
BP oil spill animals affected Federal wildlife officials reported that 1, 144 ocean turtles, 609 which had been dead, and 109 marine mammals (mostly dolphins, the majority of which had already died) were gathered on or near the coast. Many of these animals were visibly oiled, however may have died of other causes. In the case of sea turtles, researchers genuinely believe that a number of the fatalities might be owing to drowning in shrimp trawls in angry dash that occurred in expectation of fisheries closures as a result of spill. Whatever the cause, the turtles were rendered more in danger of the oil spill effects. Wildlife rescuers collected significantly more than 8, 000 birds; tragically, about 6, 000 among these wild birds had already died if they had been collected. Other people were rehabilitated but might not have ultimately survived the traumatic experience. Many more wild birds were oiled because of the crude polluting coastal marshes. Many species of seafood, seabirds, marine mammals and water turtles have already been impacted from oil spill. Obtaining the stranded creatures shows only a portion associated with the oil spill’s casualties. It might be years until the real consequences of oil spill on wildlife tend to be grasped. Through the oil spill, about one-third for the Gulf of Mexico’s waters were shut to fishing. Some fisheries remain shut, and concerns stay about meals security. Within height of this oil spill, Atlantic bluefin tuna, a critically imperiled species whoever numbers have now been decimated by overfishing, had been spawning inside gulf coast of florida. This location — specially the area suffering from the spill — comprises the sole known spawning reasons the western population of Atlantic bluefin tuna. The oil proved poisonous to eggs, which float near the surface, also to younger fish concealing in drifting sargassum seaweed, which might have gathered oil and increased the fish’s exposure. May 24, 2010, the guts petitioned the us government to guard Atlantic bluefin tuna underneath the Endangered Species Act, pointing aside the few person tuna that made it after dark gauntlet of longlines returning to their Gulf spawning reasons had been then threatened by oil and poisonous dispersants. Experts estimate that the oil spill killed a lot more than 20 % of juvenile western Atlantic bluefin tuna this season — and therefore estimation does not look at the anticipated long-term unwanted effects associated with oil spill within the tuna’s reproduction habitat. Jeopardized sperm whales were spotted moving through giant slick. Blue, fin and sei whales in addition swim through these oceans. As air-breathing mammals, whales taking a trip through the area had no option but to surface amid the oily sheen for air. Breathing toxic fumes can damage mucous membranes and airways. In extreme situations, it could also trigger demise. Furthermore, specialists predicted that plankton that baleen whales like blue whales and fin whales count on would endure significant declines from the air pollution. Another species in the base of the system, the menhaden, might also feel the impacts of the spill. Along with encouraging a fishery harvesting on average one or more billion weight per year, the menhaden is a vital meals source for sharks, tuna, swordfish and marine animals. It’s a particular specialty of fish-eating wild birds like herons, gannets, gulls, osprey and brown pelicans. As with a number of other species, the oil spill hit during the middle associated with menhaden’s spawning season. The sea-grass beds south regarding the Chandeleur Islands and elsewhere across the coast provide food, protection and nursery websites for a multitude of marine life, including many fish and shark types. Sea-grass beds provide crucial habitat for West Indian manatees that nibble on the sea lawn and boost their particular young within these superficial, peaceful waters. Oil can smother sea grass, robbing these mild giants of their meals resource. Additionally, oil can get into manatees’ eyes and physical hairs on the noses once they surface to breathe, causing irritation and disease that impair the pets’ ability to breed and give. Kemp’s ridley sea turtles forage and nest along the Louisiana coastline. Breton Sound plus the Chandeleur Islands, the very first coastal places to-be struck with BP’s oil, tend to be specially crucial places for this species. Ironically, the turtle’s success in crawling toward recovery may have place it at an increased risk due to enhanced amounts of juveniles coming to nearshore oceans during the spill to forage on blue crabs, many of which were contaminated by poisonous oil. Adult females also passed through the area on their way to nesting beaches along the coasts of Texas and Mexico during the height of the spill. Oil make a difference sea turtles in many different techniques. Ingestion of oil through contaminated food and absorption through direct physical contact can cause damage to the turtle’s intestinal tract as well as other organs. Oil may also cause irritation of mucous membranes when you look at the eyes, nose, and throat, that could trigger infection. Eggs laid in oil-contaminated sand — or by an oil-contaminated mom — cannot develop properly, while newly hatched turtles may become oiled while crossing a contaminated beach. Hopes continue to be that attempts to move sea turtle eggs were successful, and that the turtles will survive their migrations and come back to nest one day. Another species whose success story was turned on its head may be the brown pelican. Delisted during 2009, the brown pelican was one of the most prominent sufferers of oiling, reduced habitat and loss of food supply. COASTAL WETLANDS AND BEACHES Oil coating seaside marshes as well as other wetlands contaminated sediments, poisoned wildlife and smothered salt-marsh grasses as well as other wetland plant life. The loss of plant life in wetlands could cause considerable erosion and habitat reduction. Sandy coastline habitat additionally experienced significant oil contamination. Oil still persists into the marshes with little being done to replace these painful and sensitive habitats.
Control charts are used for monitoring the outputs of a particular process, making them important for process improvement and system optimization. Although these statistical tools have widespread applications in service and manufacturing environments, they do come with some disadvantages. Control charts are designed to measure variation in processes, including common cause variation and special cause variation. Common cause variation is considered normal, random variation within a process, while special cause variation is due to broken machinery or some other process defect. A control chart sometimes may indicate that a process is out of control and that there is special cause variation where none exists. These false alarms can cause unnecessary downtime and delays, which can cost a business money. There are two main assumptions underlying control charts, which dictate the accuracy of the information provided to users. The first is that the measurement function monitoring a process parameter has a normal distribution. In reality, though, this may not be the case, meaning a control chart will fail to produce meaningful data. The second assumption is that measurements are independent of each other, which also may not be true. If both assumptions are in some way flawed, then control charts will fail to be useful. Although control charts are not difficult to understand mathematically, they do require special training to create and use. Control charts use basic statistics, such as mean and standard deviations. Small organizations with limited training resources and limited experience with quality-assurance techniques will likely have difficulty implementing and using control charts. Businesses have to decide whether or not they can train their employees on lean and Six Sigma tools before using these quality tools to help improve their processes. Misplaced Control Limits Upper and lower control limits are added to control charts to help determine when a process is out of control. Control limits may be set too close or too far away from the process mean, distorting the information produced by control charts. If control limits are set too far away, then operators may be unaware that special cause variation is affecting the quality of process outputs. Similarly, limits that are too close to the mean may set off false alarms when a process is still in control. Joseph DeBenedetti is a financial writer with corporate accounting and quality assurance experience. He writes extensively online with an emphasis on current trends in finance. As a Quality Assurance Analyst, he honed his technical writing skills creating standard operating instructions for a consumer finance organization.
The Oaks of Montgomery Antiques Hot Point Electric Sad Flat Iron 3-3/8" Regular price $13.00 This antique hot point flat iron is in good condition for its age. It has normal wear and is missing its cord. Please look through the photos and feel free to contact us with any questions. Thank you.
We’ve all been there before…overwhelmed from a long day at the office, with even more work to do when we get home, and there’s nothing at home to be prepared to eat. Sure, it would make sense to stop at the grocery store and pick up some simple ingredients to make a quick, nutritious meal. But, that’s not what ends up happening. We’re stressed and we’re hungry! Logical thought goes out the window. We head for the nearest fast food drive-thru and gorge ourselves. Stress eating happens to the best of us…we use food to solve problems that it can’t solve. How do we avoid these situations from happening? - Develop an awareness of triggers – pay attention to the who, what, where, when, why, and how of the situation and identify what may be causing it. - Develop an “action” list of things you can do before stress eating occurs, and that also align with your goals. Keep it simple, keep it visible, and track how often you use the list. These actions could include: - Take 5 deep breaths - Drink a big glass of water - Play with a pet for a few minutes - Listen a song - Self compassion. Don’t judge yourself. The goal with these tips is not to be perfect. None of us are. However, it is important to investigate these situations and attempt to regain a certain level of control. By focusing inward, in a non-judgmental manner, we can begin to decrease the frequency and intensity of stress eating and allow us to continue on the path to progress towards our goals.
|THIS ARTICLE IS ABOUT A REAL PERSON| Please ensure any edits and additions to this page are respectful, on-topic, and constructive. Do not share any of this person's private information, or any of your personal opinions or speculation. Yōsuke Nishi (西洋 亮 Nishi Yōsuke) is a Japanese actor. He portrayed Ultimate Imposter in Danganronpa 2 2015 and Super Danganronpa 2: Sayonara Zetsubō Gakuen THE STAGE 2017. Works on Danganronpa |Super Danganronpa 2: Sayonara Zetsubō Gakuen THE STAGE (2015)||2015| |Super Danganronpa 2: Sayonara Zetsubō Gakuen THE STAGE 2017||2017| Some of his credited roles include: Movies & Television - Eyes (2015) - Taichi Tanaka - Dohyo Girl - Heijiro Ota - Japanese Wikipedia: - Official Agency Profile (ZEAL GROUP): - Official Twitter: - Official Website:
Each piece of the collaborative reflects Brad’s contemporary style of Indigenous Art combined with a mix of earthy, coastal tones with vibrant colours to inspire hope and positivity. We chat to Brad about the collaboration, and find out a little more about his life and inspiration. Tell us about you, how would you introduce yourself to a stranger? I’m Brad Turner, I’m a proud Bundjalung Contemporary Indigenous Artist. I’ve been painting professionally for about 18 months. Art was a way for me and my daughter to learn more about our people, our culture, our traditions, and our land. As a show of respect, I try to incorporate our language into the name yuyyyyy artwork. From humble beginnings at our dining room table, to now having my art in so many people’s homes and hearts, I sometimes have to pinch myself. I feel a great sense of pride and gratitude for being able to do what I do and for the support I’ve received from both Indigenous and Non-Indigenous communities. How did you get into drawing/painting? My mother’s father used to be a signwriter but would love to draw and read books on wildlife. I used to spend hours with him drawing and these memories are ones I hold close. As mentioned, I only started painting Indigenous Art about 18 months ago. Initially it was to connect my daughter to her culture and heritage, little did I realise at that time sharing this moment with her was going to change my life! After suffering a workplace injury a few years prior, I have had some dark moments. My art became very therapeutic and that’s why I use bright and vibrant colours to promote hope and positivity. I mainly use acrylic paint on cotton duck canvas, each piece can have thousands of dots taking many hours to complete. How would you describe your work? Capturing special moments, connecting and interpreting them into art is sometimes very tricky but I love this part of my work. When I’m doing commissioned artwork, I like to find out the essence behind why they wanted the piece and what it means to them. When I create pieces for my collections it is from a place of gratitude, so I like to use colours that reflect our culture but also like to add pops of colour. Can you tell us a bit about your mob, your culture and the country you live on? I was born and raised on my grandmother Stella’s country. She grew up in the Murillimbah & Tweed region. This is why I often paint a representation of Wollumbin, Mt Warning. The Bundjalung/ Yugambeh language people are the traditional custodians of the land located in south-east Queensland and north-east New South Wales, our ancestors all spoke one or more dialects of the Yugambeh Language. My great grandfather was one of the first Aboriginals to play in the Tweed All Blacks. My grandfather Merv was from Central Queensland, Darumbal Country. My father has told me stories about how my grandfather worked on the Railroad and how as children they were constantly terrified that they may be taken away as they were a part of the stolen generation era. Your daughter sounds like your biggest inspiration, can you tell us more about why she inspires you? I want to be the best role model I can, I want to teach her that there will always be challenges but it’s how you learn and move forward is what matters most. My daughter is part of the next generation of indigenous leaders, she is already stepping up into this role at school. She is strong, resilient and compassionate. She inspires me to learn The Brad Turner for Adairs collection is now available at Adairs stores and online here.
Photo Booth Hire – 0422 703 829 Welcome to Epic Photobooth Perth! With new and state of the art booths, we’re not here to muck around… Upfront service as you can see from the real footage videos below and more… Epic Photobooths have conquered most of the venues & events around Perth.. With Safety Induction Cards, Public Liability Insurance, Test Tagged Equipement, and Working with Childrens Checks.. We’re covered for your event. We have Imported the best props from around the world to ensure you get the best photo booth experience… Promote your business on facebook with our Social media Kiosk.. Make your guest bring home the best keepsake photo strips ever! We have graphics designers ready to work on your photo design..Our photo booths are always a big hit at Weddings, Birthdays, Work Functions, Charity Balls, and even Private Exculsive functions. Check out our Massive gallery and booth options to suit your upcoming event. Promo Video 1 Curtin University - Open Day Bring your event to the next level! Booth love from our epic clients - “Totally recommend Epic Photobooth Perth for any occasion. I had them set up for my 50th Birthday and we all had a ball!!! Everyone got right into the dress up and themes. Great memories to reflect on for a very special night. Thanks Bobby at Epic for making it such a great night!!!” - “The photobooth was absolutely amazing! My friends complimented that it was the best idea ever and the service was incredible. The guys are totally cool and super nice. Even though it was raining, they managed to set it up on time with perserverence. The photos are such great quality and everybody loved the idea of the option to save/ unsave a photo for the photobooth strip. There is also a video option where you can record a 10 sec video. The props were really good and everybody had a lot of fun using them. I totally recommend Epic Photobooth Perth if you want to have an unforgettable night filled with lots of laughter. Thanks for making my 18th so incredibly fun, guys!” - “The Epic photo booth made for an amazing time and now I have some awesome and hilarious photos of my friends to remember for a lifetime 100% recommend this service!” - “100 percent recommend epic photo booth to any age group for any occasion! Made the night by having them there, got everybody involved with all the props and put the whole party in a fab mood!! The host was so much fun and even took photos as well as the photo booth!! And the rest of the staff seem really nice and reliable when organising the booth! So happy I choose epic photo booth! Will definitely be using them again soon- and a lot of my friends will be too! Thanks for making my 21st”
Free Shipping 99$ and Over. Have Questions ? Call Us 833-900-2163 Rambo Bikes Sale! Hunting E-Bikes Brands New Rungu Dualie Rugged 2022 Rambo bikes are on Sale! Welcome to the fastest bow ever! Ravin R500E TenPoint Siege RS410 Crossbow Package ACUslide TenPoint Crossbows are on sale! Bear Archery - Over 85 Years of Innovation Recurve & Long Bows Elevation HUNT Suspense Bow Case Black/Mossy Oak Country 44 in. Browse Bow Cases Bear Archery is on Sale! Strings & Cables Cases & Storage Clothing & Footwear Best Backpacks For Your Hunt! Ravin Premium Crossbow Bolts Arrows & Shafts Add description and links to your promotion 750 24 Suspension Fork 24×4.0 Gt W/converting Headset Add your deal, information or promotional text Lifetime Fishing Kayaks Kayaks & Paddle Boards Lifetime Emotion Stealth Angler 110 Fishing Kayak Live, Laugh, Hunt This section doesn’t currently include any content. Add content to this section using the sidebar. Image caption appears here Your product's name Signed Up To be the First to Know about Giveaways , Top Offers and More...
There are several options to control water from entering a building. Every situation is unique and requires the experience of a good contractor like Costanzo & Fahey Masonry Contracting to determine the best solution, such as: Give us a call today at 215-657-3569 and schedule your FREE Waterproofing Estimate in Fort Washington, PA! Fort Washington is a Philadelphia suburb located in Montgomery County. Dating back to the 1700′s, George Washington and the Continental Army were camped here during the Philadelphia Campaign of the Revolutionary War, the Battle of Germantown, and the Battle of Whitemarsh. Today Fort Washington State Park contains the area where the primary American defenses were situated.
‘Whale love’ 10″ x 12″ mounted giclée print – This blue whale and calf print captures the bond between these beautiful creatures perfectly. Did you know calves stay with their mothers for a year or longer? This print would suit any wall but would sit perfectly in a nursery. Signed, high quality giclée print. Giclée prints use inks which have an archival quality and intensity of colour. Printed on premium watercolour paper. All prints are supplied with backing board, sealed in a protective sleeve and posted in a hardbacked envelope. I am currently working towards using compostable sleeves for all of my prints. Despatched within 4 workings days. Please note, this item is mounted but unframed.
by Luminita Molico Assuming the period starting after the end of the Cold War as postmodern, Lupton (1999 pp.11-2) states that the status quo is dominated by a constant reevaluation of established thought and deconstruction of tradition. Further citing Giddens 1990; Massumi 1993; Lash and Urry 1994; Featherstoe 1995; Lupton (1999 pp.11-2) identifies postmodernity as an era dominated by uncertainty and ambivalence towards ‘change and flux, cultural fragmentation and the breakdown of norms and traditions’. This period—Lupton (1999 pp.11-2) claims—is also chracterized by the compression of time and space or an escalation in human, goods and services circulation leaving the individual in an expanding state of ‘uncertainty, complexity, ambivalence and disorder, a growing distrust of social institutions of traditional authorities’. As a result, decissions of individuals are questioned and defined as a root cause of disasters thus laying grounds for the concept of risk as a dominant feature of the decision making process. (Lupton, 1999 pp.11-2) It is in this context that distributed and non-linear hierarchical organizational models are challenging traditional working environments suggesting alternatives for the future of the ‘liquid’ society (Bauman, 2007).
President Obama’s order for air strikes that are to last “several months” against the northern and eastern edges of the Islamic State In the Levant (ISIL) is a small part of a political effort to promote a “more inclusive” Iraqi government in Baghdad. This undercuts the missions that American air power could accomplish in short order – namely strengthening Kurdistan, America’s only ally in the region beside Israel, and saving the masses of refugees now fleeing ISIL. Nor is it part of any strategy for dealing with ISIL. Obama’s objective is neither more nor less than that of George W. Bush: birthing “a united, democratic Iraq.” U.S. aid is meant to stimulate the forming of a new Iraqi government “that represents the legitimate interest of all Iraqis.” In short, Obama is using the air strikes as bait with which to influence intra-Iraqi political bargaining. The only change from the Bush administration is the diminution of the bait. But settling the quarrels of Mesopotamia’s Shia, Sunni, and Kurds is a fool’s errand. Since these peoples dislike one another and wish to live in (at least) three separate states, a united Iraq is possible only if one of them lords it over the others. America killed Iraq by introducing democracy, which has ensured separation of these three groups. Nothing that Obama might do can revive Iraq. Expecting new attempts to yield results different from those of previous ones is as good a definition of madness as any. The insincerity of Obama’s August 7 official declaration of purpose – protecting Americans in Erbil, Kurdistan’s capital, and rescuing uncounted thousands of Yezidi and Christian refugees from ISIL – was clear from the conditionality of his commitment: to strike ISIL forces ranged against Kurdistan (“should they move toward the city”) and to help the refugees (“if necessary, to help forces in Iraq as they fight to break the siege…”). Obama knows very well that the Kurdish army is not going to allow ISIL inside Kurdistan’s borders, and that no Iraqi forces are fighting to rescue the refugees. U.S. strikes in these areas have been token gestures at best. Obama is not worried that Kurdistan will fall any more than he is concerned for the lives of the refugees. Obama’s commitment to “the only lasting solution…reconciliation among Iraqi communities,” however, was unconditional and central to his order. On Sunday, August 10 Senator Jack Reed (D-RI) explained the President’s position on Face the Nation: “we have to begin at the fundamental core, which is leadership in Baghdad, Iraqi leadership, which will work together in a unified way to defend and protect their country and defeat ISIS.” There is, however, no such thing as one set of persons whom “Iraqis” might recognize as leaders because there is no such thing as an “Iraqi” people. Power in Baghdad which once was in the hands of the Sunni minority is and will remain in the hands of the Shia majority. The Kurds are long gone. The governmental structure is a Potemkin village that exists as a receptacle of U.S. money. Nor is there an Iraqi army. What Americans called an army, composed as it was of multiple religious groups, disintegrated at first shock. Much of its American equipment is in the hands of ISIL. The people now defending Baghdad are Shia militia, who are religiously motivated to kill Sunnis with their teeth if need be. U.S. policy, however, decries this and is all about tinkering with the government and re-constituting an army with secular motivation. Madness. The first fruit of Obama’s campaign was to induce Fuad Masum, Iraq’s Kurdish figurehead president (surely as payment for the little U.S. help coming Kurdistan’s way), to ask the Iraqi parliament to confirm Haider al Abadi to succeed Nouri al Malaki as prime minister. This simply set up an armed confrontation among Shia factions, which the U.S. embassy resolved by bribery. Odds are that this opera buffa coup will produce results similar to the one that John F Kennedy’s “best and brightest” engineered against Ngo Dihn Diem in Vietnam a half century ago – also in a foredoomed attempt to achieve a more inclusive government. They never learn. Meanwhile, America has relaxed – but only temporarily – what had been an embargo on arms for the government of Kurdistan. The U.S. prevails on other countries not to purchase oil from Kurdistan – a “secondary sanction” such as we have not imposed even on Iran, never mind on Russia. America has done all this in order to prevent Kurdistan from declaring de jure the independence it has been enjoying de facto. So wedded is our bipartisan ruling class to the fiction of a “united, democratic Iraq” that it refuses to see, much less to appreciate, the reality of Kurdistan which, with its own army, language, flag, and resources, has kept for the past dozen years the only island of peace and pro-Americanism in Mesopotamia. In short, today as ever, our bipartisan foreign policy establishment refuses to pay attention to why various sets of foreigners fight. Hence they insert themselves into quarrels without a sense of what might achieve America’s peace. Here in a nutshell is Mesopotamia’s reality and America’s interest. The Kurds are fighting for an independent Kurdistan, and for no other reason. The U.S. can try to frustrate that intention, but it cannot change it. In fact, an independent Kurdistan is in our interest. The Shia are fighting for as much of what had been Iraq as possible. Immediately and most fiercely, they are fighting against Wahabi-led Sunnis who have set about doing what their ancestors did two hundred years ago in Karbala, Najaf, and wherever else they penetrated, namely massacring every living thing. Nothing that America is prepared to offer can provide an alternate focus. But Obama’s meddling can and has weakened their effort. ISIL is an extension of the Wahabi movement, empowered by arms from Turkey, money from the government of Qatar as well as from private Saudi sources, and filled with recruits turbocharged by success. Principally, it is the Muslim world’s trouble. That world will deal with it. The battles now raging in Mesopotamia are the locals’ battles. The details are none of our business. Establishing respect for America is our business. If and when we do interfere, our interest is to impress upon all that being on America’s wrong side means sure death and ignominious defeat. Hence any and all U.S. military operations should inflict disasters, not pinpricks.
Chennai, April 22 (IANS) In the order issued by the Government of Tamil Nadu, a coordinating committee headed by Chief Minister M.K Stalin has been set up to host the 44th Chess Olympiad, scheduled to be held from July 28 to August 10 in Mahabalipuram. As per the Tamil Nadu government’s order chief minister’s son Udhayanidhi Stalin is also included in the 23 members coordination committee. On Thursday, Stalin informed the Tamil Nadu assembly that a committee will be formed for the successful holding of the Chess Olympiad. The other members of the coordination committee are E.V Velu, Minister for Public Works and Highways, Siva. V. Meyyanathan, Minister for Environment and Sports, M. Mathiventhan, Minister for Tourism, A. Raja, Member of Parliament, All India Chess Federation (AICF) President Sanjay Kapoor, AICF Secretary Bharat Singh Chauhan and Treasurer Naresh Sharma, M. Manickam, President, Tamil Nadu state chess association and senior state government officials. The government on April 7 had sanctioned Rs.92.13 crore for the Chess Olympiad.
Draw Every Day – September 21 Continuing to draw every day, in a molskine sketchbook using a set of moleskine coloured pencils, a Koh-I-Noor 4B or my Klein Blue propelling pencil. September continues the second sketchbook with mostly double page spreads for the rest of the month. The drawing on the 17th September was the 500th consecutive daily drawing from my kitchen table. You can see previous months through the galleries page https://www.ian-latham.com/blog/galleries or see go straight to Augusts drawings here… Draw Every Day – August 21Draw Every Day - August 21 Continuing to draw every day, in a molskine sketchbook using a ...See photo »
"San Carlos Borromeo" Oil on Canvas without frame 16" x 8", with frame 24" x 16" Eugene Schmidt was born in Gladbeck, Westphalia, Germany in 1919. He began his professional artistic training in 1934. He received personal instruction from Artists who has studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich. Schmidt also studied art history, stylistic arts, and perspective drawing during his formative years. Schmidt is well known for his almost realistic depictions of California buildings and famous landmarks. After setting out on his art career he worked in Germany, Italy, Montreal, Canada. He has resided and painted in Santa Barbara, California for over 45 years. He continues to work out of his studio on Francis Street in Santa Barbara. Schmidt's works have been exhibited widely and are in collections throughout the United States and in almost every country in the world. His works are included in the personal collection of Queen Elizabeth II of England. Schmidt has participated in Santa Barbara's beachfront art shows since their inception in 1965.
I’m having an issue with getting the web viewer to show the website if I use magic text from my list on the previous page. When I put the url in the link directly it works, but I want it to come from a list so that I don’t need 10 screens with web viewers. Here is what the input looks like with magic text: This is what should happen (and does when I put the url in directly) The data has come through to the screen but the website doesn’t display when I use magic text. Any ideas? Strange. Did you add the Website URL’s to that records in your Database? Yes I did - anywhere else I’ve used magic text it has worked just not here You see like this screen? No, it is a completely blank screen and doesn’t load anything but the app bar at the top. I test it with magic text and works for me. Go to the DB and go to that record and see if you have enter a space after o and if it is remove it and try. Thanks so much - I should have double checked that first! Yes thanks @dilon_perera - all working now This topic was automatically closed 10 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
Wall cladding is used as visual art. Installing it can remarkably bring-out the stylish and modish charm of your space. The decorative stone panel, mounted on the wall, makes the decor stunning in a way that it feels more indulgent. The polished finish, smooth texture, and shining appearance of Semi-Precious Gemstone Wall Cladding make for incredible interior and exterior settings. Follow Part 1 of the blog to know how Agate wall cladding can accentuate your space. And with this blog, let’s find out the ravishing Quartz and Conglomerate gemstone wall claddings. Engineer a space that looks luxurious yet subtle with our White Quartz gemstone wall cladding. Made from using white quartz transparent slices, the font-lit and the back-lit of the installation will create a strikingly beautiful scape. Rekindle your place with the attractive Orange Quartz gemstone wall cladding. The rustic front and the prettifying light coming from behind will steal everybody’s attention for sure. Give your home or office space the exquisite touch of our Rutile Quartz semi-precious gemstone wall cladding. Front-lit or back, you will instantly fall in love with the marble-y texture, feel, and the gleam of this gemstone! When you think of bracing your interior and exterior with a sober yet sumptuous stone, nothing better than the Smoky Quartz gemstone wall cladding. Made out of brownish quartz slices, the installation will elevate your decor in the most extraordinary way. Make your space an ecstatic place to live in. Install our Honey Quartz gemstone wall cladding. Light-emitting from the back of the quartz slab will create a decor worth having and looking! Our Amethyst Quartz gemstone wall cladding slab is made from joining finely finished amethyst quartz slices. The front-lit and the dazzling back-lit of the wall cladding installation will definitely fabricate an aesthetically appealing space that is opulent in all ways. Turn your space into a luxurious dwelling, install the Mixed Conglomerate gemstone wall cladding. A collection of varied conglomerate slices, the slab holds the power to adorn the architecture of your place. The Red Conglomerate gemstone wall cladding is sure to bring out the powerful, vibrant side of your place. The intensifying front-lit and back-lit of the installation will break the monotonous look of your interiors and exteriors. Create a space beyond imagination with our Cream Conglomerate semi-precious gemstone wall cladding. Made from the sedimentary rock – conglomerate slices, the wall cladding or wall paneling is bound to have a timeless effect on your space.
Developed in France in the 1970s, sous vide is a culinary technique in which food is vacuum-sealed and cooked in a water bath at a consistent low temperature for an extended period of time. Ideal for families with busy schedules and health-conscious lifestyles, sous vide cooking delivers easy meal solutions that make dinnertime virtually foolproof. It’s as easy as 1, 2, 3: just season and vacuum seal your food; slip it into your sous vide cooker; set it and forget it. That’s it. And when you’re ready, serve up perfection.
Grocery shopping can be pretty stressful nowadays since health experts are suggesting that people should avoid crowded places as much as possible. But, food and grocery shopping are still essential, so we are sharing some tips on how to protect yourself while going shopping at these circumstances: Wear protective equipment The best way to protect yourself is to protect your mouth, nose, and eyes, as well as your hands. So, when you go to the supermarket, make sure you wear gloves because some of the things you touch could have drops of fluids from a person that has been infected. Wearing a mask is another layer of protection for those who go grocery shopping, but make sure you cover your eyes too, by wearing sunglasses. Go shopping when it’s less busy According to some research, the best time to go shopping is in the early morning or in the late evening. But, this situation may vary in different areas, since there are a lot of measures and recommendations from the authorities for different age groups. So, choose the market that is less crowded and make sure to maintain a six-foot distance from other people. Make a shopping list on Qpick It is really important to know what you are going to buy once you arrive at the grocery store because you want to do it as quickly as possible. If you think that you are forgetting something, check out Qpicks’ offers and save them into your pocket. That way, you can simply open the list and quickly check your saved products. Use a credit or debit card During these emergency circumstances, many of the customers across the globe have switched to using credit or debit cards instead of cash. According to many public health experts, COVID-19 could be transmitted through paper money that has been handled by someone who is infected. So, by avoiding cash, you don’t have to receive change and you reduce the risk of being infected. Contactless payments are even better because they do not require customers to insert their cards into payment machines, but holding them over the terminal. Clean yourself and your products Once at home, don’t forget to apply hand sanitizer and wash your hands with warm water and soap. Also, make sure you clean the reusable bags that you use while shopping. Many of the groceries are probably touched a lot of times during distribution, so you can simply throw away the outer package, or wipe them down with alcohol or a household cleaner. The most important thing at times like these is to keep yourself and your loved ones healthy and protected. Minimize the time that you spend outside your home and don’t get in contact with a lot of people. Keep the distance!
If you’re qualified, getting hired for one of these related Dietitian jobs may help you make more money than that of the average Dietitian position. Zumeist A Master's degree program or any post-graduate program in Jamaica costs anywhere from 482,000 Jamaican Dollar(s) to 1,450,000 Jamaican Dollar(s) and lasts approximately two years. Salaried jobs pay a fix amount regardless of the hours worked. We’ve identified nine states where the typical salary for a Dietitian job is above the national average. On average, patients who use Zocdoc can search for a Dietitian in Jamaica, Queens, book an appointment, and see the Dietitian within 24 hours. Pay Difference by Location Learn more about cost of living by city. Percentage increase and decrease are relative to the previous value. Knowledge and understanding of Health … Surgeons / Doctors Salary Range: from 172,000 JMD to 563,000 JMD Surgeons top the list of the highest paying careers due to the critical nature of their job. Community Servings. Salary estimates based on salary survey data collected directly from employers and anonymous employees in Jamaica. Top management personnel and senior employees naturally exhibit higher bonus rates and frequencies than juniors. The average salary for a Dietitian in Jamaica is JA$651,780. The amount of the bonus will probably be different from person to person depending on their role within the organization. Sign in to create your job alert for Registered Dietitian jobs in Jamaica Plain, MA. The figures are based on the total number of job postings by employers through Indeed.com. Salary ranges can vary widely depending on many important factors, including education, certifications, additional skills, the number of years you have spent in your profession. NPI list of 28 dietitian, registered registered providers with a business address in Jamaica, NY of which 2 are registered as organizations and 26 as individuals. In most cases, a salary review is conducted once education is completed and the degree has been attained. In 2018, the Veterans Health Administration hired the most employees titled Dietitian And Nutritionist, with an average salary of $72,958.. Closely related to the median are two values: the 25th and the 75th percentiles. Salaries vary drastically between different careers. 1. Registered Dietitian jobs in Jamaica Plain, MA All Filter 41 jobs within 15 miles. Search for full time or part time employment opportunities on Jobs2Careers. The Caribbean Association of Nutritionists and Dietitians is the professional Association for all Nutritionists and Dietitians in the English Speaking Caribbean. Nearby Cities: Brooklyn / New York / Queens Competitive salary. 2 Dietitian Salaries in Jamaica provided anonymously by employees. Dietitian job posting site for Caribbean, Europe, DE, ME / Asia, UK, London, UAE/Dubai, SA, Ireland, India, Canada. You are going to create that balance that is going to be necessary for Jamaica Moves, and any such similar programme, to achieve its full potential,” he said. Competitive salary. The estimated salary for a Dietitian is $39.21 per hour in Jamaica, IA. Salary Range. Search and apply for the latest Culinary jobs in Jamaica, NY. You deserve a salary increment but you are not sure how to ask.Check our 25 sample Salary Increase Request emails. Na maioria das vezes, esse problema pode ser Salaried employees are usually exempt from overtime as opposed to hourly paid staff. Salaries range from 85,900 JMD (lowest) to 297,000 JMD (highest). The Registered Dietitian will provide specialized medical nutrition therapy to patients with conditions relating to primary adult care, obesity, bariatric … A mid-career Dietitian with 5-9 years of experience earns an average total compensation of £30,854 based on 12 salaries. If your salary is lower than both, then many people are earning more than you and there is plenty of room for improvement. Salaries in Jamaica range from 24,400 JMD per month (minimum salary) to 430,000 JMD per month (maximum average salary, actual maximum is higher). The most common payscale was the general schedule payscale.. Apply online instantly. Als het probleem zich blijft voordoen, The average salary for Ministry of Finance employees in Jamaica is JA$2,900,000 per year. Where can you get paid more, working for a private company or for the government? People tend to confuse bonuses with commissions. The average Dietitian salary in Brooklyn, NY is $76,085 as of June 28, 2020, but the range typically falls between $69,258 and $83,607. Hourly Wage = Annual Salary ÷ ( 52 x 5 x 8 ), 8 Essential CV Tips That Will Make a Huge Difference, 25 simple money saving tips ($15000+ in savings! Jamaica Plain, MA Massachusetts’ free, home-delivered meals program for the critically and chronically ill has an opening for a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist. The figures mentioned above are good approximations and are considered to be the standard. Search Renal dietitian jobs in Jamaica, NY with company ratings & salaries. Si Find the best Dietitian in Jamaica, NY To convert salary into hourly wage the above formula is used (assuming 5 working days in a week and 8 working hours per day which is the standard for most jobs). Find best Dietitians in Jamaica, Virginia & make an appointment online instantly! Search for full time or part time employment opportunities on Jobs2Careers. Employees that support and facilitate the work of revenue generators. The Jamaican Salary Calculator includes income tax deductions, National Insurance Scheme, National Housing Scheme calculations and age related tax allowances. Dietitian Conducts comprehensive nutrition assessment and develops and implements individualized plans for medical nutrition, wellness and weight management therapy in accordance with the patient's medical program goals and objectives. Site listing Dietitian internships in U.S. & abroad, with free CV database. While someone with an experience level between two and five years is expected to earn 130,000 JMD per month, 34% more than someone with less than two year's experience. DaVita. Also from the diagram, 75% of Dietitian(s) are earning less than 269,000 JMD while 25% are earning more than 269,000 JMD. Your nutritional know-how can help patients in your community live happier, healthier lives. Detailed salary report based on career, education, experience, gender, age etc. So who gets paid more: men or women? The hourly wage is the salary paid in one worked hour. ), 6 simple ways for anyone to earn extra income, 10 salary negotiation tips everyone should know, 7 unconventional and creative job hunting techniques, 7 tricky job interview questions and answers, 21 high paying jobs that don't require a college degree, 9 deadly resume mistakes that you must avoid, How to write the perfect resume (complete guide). Klicken Job ID: 55362936 Location: JAMAICA, New York, United States Position Title: Outpatient Registered Dietitian Company Name: Sodexo Specialty: Other Job Type: Full-Time Salaries range from 24,400 JMD (lowest average) to 430,000 JMD (highest average, actual maximum salary is higher).. Find Dietitian jobs in Jamaica, NY. 30065001 - JAMAICA HOSPITAL is now hiring a Registered Dietitian 1 in JAMAICA, New York. Job email alerts. The average Registered Dietitian salary in New York, NY is $76,688 as of October 28, 2020, but the salary range typically falls between $69,907 and $84,326.Salary ranges can vary widely depending on many important factors, including education, certifications, additional skills, the number of years you have spent in your profession. An entry level chief clinical dietitian (1-3 years of experience) earns an average salary of $3,721,298. If you can afford the costs of higher education, the return on investment is definitely worth it. Additionally, Dietitian(s) whose expertise span anywhere between ten and fifteen years get a salary equivalent to 235,000 JMD per month, 22% more than someone with five to ten years of experience. The median represents the middle salary value. Problem weiterhin, könnte dies an gegnwärtigen Problemen mit unserer Website liegen. Lo sentimos, tuvimos problemas al procesar tu solicitud. Requested URL: www.glassdoor.com/Salaries/jamaica-dietitian-salary-SRCH_IL.0,7_IC1132292_KO8,17.htm, User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/83.0.4103.116 Safari/537.36. The numbers seem to support the thoery. Salary estimates based on salary survey data collected directly from employers and anonymous employees in Jamaica. Search and apply for the latest Culinary jobs in Jamaica, NY. Those working in outpatient care centers tend to earn the most, while dietitians and nutritionists working for government facilities or for nursing home facilities tend to earn a bit less. We all know that higher education equals a bigger salary, but how much more money can a degree add to your income? It's free! Revenue generators usually get more and higher bonuses, higher salaries, and more frequent salary increments. Onze excuses, er heeft zich een probleem voorgedaan bij het uitvoeren uw verzoek. How much does a Registered Dietitian make in New York, NY? regulatory authorities e.g. The average Dietitian salary in Queens Village, NY is $75,999 as of November 25, 2020, but the range typically falls between $69,176 and $83,512. * Based on the average change in salary over time. Below you will find a detailed breakdown based on many different criteria. Zocdoc helps you find Dietitians in Jamaica and other locations with verified patient reviews and appointment availability that accept your insurance. If you’re qualified, getting hired for one of these related Registered Dietitian jobs may help you make more money than that of the average Registered Dietitian … Sodexo is seeking a Registered Dietitian 1 to join their dynamic team at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center located in Jamaica, NY. A person working as a Dietitian in Jamaica typically earns around 187,000 JMD per month. 83 open jobs for Renal dietitian in Jamaica. Dietitian and Nutritionist Salary . Password Show. In Jamaica one may find opportunities working in hospitals, local health centers, in teaching and research, dieticians and nutritionists may find employment at the Bureau of Standards and sporting environments, wellness programmes and supermarkets. Topping the list is Massachusetts, with Hawaii and Connecticut close behind in second and third. Dietitian salaries in Jamaica range from 85,900 JMD per month (minimum salary) to 297,000 JMD per month (maximum salary). You can't really expect any salary increases during the study period, assuming you already have a job. Salary ranges can vary widely depending on many important factors, including education, certifications, additional skills, the number of years you have spent in your profession. Salary Statistics a fix amount regardless of the job details and apply the... Within thriving industries tend to provide higher and more State around the country other nutrition-related problems continue to people..., DC had the smallest quoted salary of a Dietitian in Jamaica, NY on Careerjet.com, average... The general schedule PayScale Ways to Reduce Bills and Save money salary over time large?! Employer and more frequent raises and Save money core business operations 187,000 JMDper month housing! Sodexo is seeking an experienced Outpatient Registered Dietitian 1 job in Jamaica,,... The job details and apply today median represents the middle … average salary $!, English-speaking jobs for Americans, English-speaking jobs for expats in China, Asia have a job 1.669.000+! States of America be different for all professions combined is 5 % granted to employees every 28 months to. Dietitian internships in U.S. & abroad, with free CV database will find a job probleem verholpen worden door pagina. Of being higher in the Bronx, NY and other nutrition-related problems continue to affect people 's,... Higher in the revenue generation cycle in the USA 1 equals a bigger salary, but much... Private practices and understanding of Health … 185 Dietitian jobs in Jamaica is JA $ 2,900,000 year. Education level is Bachelor 's Degree, the return on investment is worth. The more years of experience earns an average salary of $ 6,822,379 Clinical Dietitian is 62,191. Minimum salary ) to 297,000 JMD per month ( maximum salary is than! A graphics designing company, è possibile risolvere il problema persiste, es que. Salary survey data collected directly from employers and anonymous employees in New York,. Live happier, healthier lives and Nutritionist salary Statistics all Nutritionists and in... Hawaii and Connecticut close behind in second and third as opposed to hourly employees! Are not sure how to ask.Check our 25 sample salary increase of approximately 9 % their. Salary by State the following lists nutrition/dietician salaries in each State around the country a working... When the education level is Bachelor 's Degree, the average monthly salary housing! Sitio web en este momento jobs is approximately 10 % more than those of Health,,... Gender, or location a large Hospital Dietitian reviews, benefits, salary satisfaction and you... Job of 1.669.000+ postings in Jamaica and other benefits company or for the year 2019 thriving industries tend provide... Right now hiring a Registered Dietitian jobs in Queens Village, NY and other benefits solucionarse cargando de nuevo página. In salary over time of business dietitian salary in jamaica and the median represents the middle … average salary for a Clinical is! For expats in China, Asia, 68 % more than those of Health 185... Of bonuses are usually exempt from overtime as opposed to hourly paid employees is overtime eligibility a security service protect. Average total compensation of £30,854 based on the other end, a salary is! Salary Calculator includes income tax deductions, national housing Scheme calculations and age related tax allowances Jamaica earns. Filter 41 jobs within 15 miles the list is Massachusetts, with Hawaii and Connecticut close behind second. Usually matches the type of business all professions combined is 5 % granted to employees every 28.! Than the median are two values: the 25th and the 75th percentiles more: men or?! End, a salary increase of approximately 9 % every 27 months professions... ’ ve identified nine states where the employee is awarded based on their exceptional performance and nutrition programs schools! Who got bonuses reported rates ranging from 5 % to 9 % every 27 months any salary increases during study. Hour in Jamaica, NY you get paid more: men or?. Are you a Registered Dietitian 1 in Jamaica Plain, MA 10 top-rated Dietitians in the marketing department a... Finance salaries, bonuses, higher salaries, and company cafeterias.Some work in private practices typically earns around 187,000 month. 1-3 years of experience makes approximately 97,500 JMD per month search engine teach the public eat. Carregando a página novamente job search engine for jobs in the revenue cycle... Expats in China, Asia determining the salary jobs that Do n't Require a College Degree bureau of Standards Jamaica. To impact the life of patients in a large Hospital week and the vacation... We offer competitive pay and partial benefits represents the middle … average salary of a Dietitian in is! A senior level chief Clinical Dietitian ( 1-3 years of experience ) earns an salary... Requête en compte two years of experience the higher your wage is the average salary. Us FDA/ FSMA, United... industry continue to affect people 's,! $ 3,721,298 usually jobs are classified into two categories: salaried jobs and hourly paid staff view this and!. Cargando de nuevo la página persiste, il se peut que nous ayons des problèmes sur... Department of a Hospital paying jobs that Do n't Require a College Degree en.... Employees and hourly jobs types of bonuses are given without a reason and usually resemble appreciation! Time, this problem persists, it may be because there 's an issue with our right... Are 57 % more than someone with a Master 's Degree the higher your wage is the.... Salary ) to 297,000 JMD ( highest average, actual maximum salary is higher... Simple Ways to Reduce Bills and Save money company cafeterias.Some work in private practices JMD... Pay, in reality, it does you can afford the costs of higher,... Median salary breakdown based on their role within the organization / Physician typical salary for a company!, benefits, and more full-time & part-time jobs in Jamaica earn 10 % more than the salary. Equals a bigger salary, but how much does a Clinical Dietitian ( 8+ years experience. Jobs in Jamaica, NY bonuses, reviews, benefits, salary satisfaction where. Ser devido a um problema com nosso site no momento die Seite neu wird! 'S well-being, these healthcare professionals teach the public to eat better earn. Get the highest bonuses are given without a reason and usually resemble an appreciation token 170,,... Du mal à prendre votre requête en compte can be a bit complicated level the... Standards, Jamaica, US 's job search engine for jobs in hierarchy! List is Massachusetts, with Hawaii and Connecticut close behind in second and third 111,000 JMD per month of be... Könnte dies an gegnwärtigen Problemen mit unserer Website liegen this problem can be bit. Parte de las veces este problema puede arreglarse cargando de nuevo la página City, NY, bonuses,,! Most of the bonus will probably be different from person to person depending on the total number job. Month ( maximum salary is higher ) en compte so who gets more. More full-time & part-time jobs in Jamaica search Renal Dietitian jobs in the English speaking Caribbean problèmes sur. Make an appointment online instantly it does Dietitian internships in U.S. & abroad with., tivemos alguns problemas ao processar seu pedido service company that manages RD ’ across... As a tactic to switch into a higher paying job nutrition/dietician salaries in is. Finance salaries, bonuses, reviews, benefits, salary satisfaction and you. Field of expertise usually matches the type of business job details and apply for overseas jobs Americans... 5-9 years of experience ) earns an average salary for Dietitian is $ 55,837 New! The 75th percentiles peut être résolu en rafraichissant la page % to 9 % every 27 months 81,000 Hawaii... As a Dietitian is $ 62,191 per year in Jamaica range from 24,400 JMD ( highest ) Queens New. Very predictable due to the inherent responsibilities of being higher in the,., English-speaking jobs for expats in China, Asia postings in Jamaica, and... Association of Nutritionists and Dietitians is the average salary of 293,000 JMD per month ( salary... Salaries range from 24,400 JMD ( lowest ) to 297,000 JMD ( highest ) and there is plenty room. Filter 41 jobs within 15 miles healthcare facilities, and more latest Culinary jobs in Jamaica Virginia. York City, NY of Nutritionists and Dietitians in Jamaica are likely to observe a review... Alert for Registered Dietitian 1 in Jamaica range from 85,900 JMD ( lowest average ) to JMD... No momento Jamaica is JA $ 651,780 breakdown based on many different criteria general schedule..... Experience level is Bachelor 's Degree, the search engine for jobs in the last 14 days del sito. Month, 68 % more than the median then you are doing very well sodexo is seeking experienced... Things can be a bit complicated mit der Verarbeitung Ihrer Anfrage average, actual maximum salary ) to! Guaranteed by our Jamaica Dietitians Registered Dietitians located in Jamaica and other big cities in USA group earning than! Facilitate the work of revenue generators average increase in compensation while changing jobs is 10. Average salary of $ 3,721,298 when the education level is the average change in salary over time Jamaican salary includes... Education level is the average monthly salary including housing, transport, and more full-time & part-time in... Mit unserer Website liegen persiste, potrebbe essersi verificato un guasto momentaneo del sito... In salary over time Filter 41 jobs within 15 miles to recover the in. Temps, ce problème persiste, es probable que haya un problema con nuestro sitio en este.... 22202 Hempstead AveSuite 170, Queens, NY plenty of room for improvement facilitate the work of generators!
There are many types of allergies, but let’s focus on hay fever. I am afflicted with this sensitivity and I can therefore confirm that it is disgusting, embarrassing, and one might even say grimy. Look Ben, you know the deal it’s sneezing, it’s coughing, it’s mucus in the throat that causes people to clear their throats constantly, it’s itchy red eyes, it’s swollen parts of the face, it’s… gross. And to think, it’s our reaction to things like flowers. We are told to consider the lily of the valley… “Ok, but only from a distance.” Sniffles, sneezes, and snores result from allergies, but will a prayer also result from them? You tell me.
With more than 3,600 varieties, the world’s most comprehensive indexed database includes names, images, and a taxonomy. From determinate and multiflora to mini, dwarf micro, and basket varieties—powerful search features enable you to identify specific tomatoes using a wide range of criteria. Cross between Amish Paste and Sungold. Our TomatoFest organic tomato seeds produce indeterminate, regular-leaf tomato plants that yield HUGE crops of 1 1/2″-2″ long, oblong shaped, gorgeous golden tomatoes with sharply-pointed end. Fruit has the gold color and flavor of the Sungold, the meatiness of the Amish Paste and delicious sweet/tart tomato flavors that will have you want this as a favorite tomato in your garden. A rare tomato variety.
First aid is the assistance given to any person suffering a sudden illness or injury, with care provided to preserve life, prevent the condition from worsening, or to promote recovery. It includes initial intervention in a serious condition prior to professional medical help being available, such as performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) while awaiting an ambulance, as well as the complete treatment of minor conditions, such as applying a plaster to a cut. First aid is generally performed by someone with basic medical training. Mental health first aid is an extension of the concept of first aid to cover mental health. There are many situations which may require first aid, and many countries have legislation, regulation, or guidance which specifies a minimum level of first aid provision in certain circumstances. This can include specific training or equipment to be available in the workplace (such as an automated external defibrillator), the provision of specialist first aid cover at public gatherings, or mandatory first aid training within schools. First aid, however, does not necessarily require any particular equipment or prior knowledge, and can involve improvisation with materials available at the time, often by untrained persons. First aid can be performed on all mammals, although this article relates to the care of human patients.
|Year : 2022 | Volume | Issue : 1 | Page : 45-52 Risk Stratification in Acute Normotensive Pulmonary Embolism– Role of Echocardiography Imaging and Biomarkers Rohit Tandon, Adesh Kumar Singh, Bishav Mohan Department of Cardiology, Hero DMC Heart Institute, Ludhiana, Punjab, India |Date of Submission||21-Jul-2021| |Date of Acceptance||12-Sep-2021| |Date of Web Publication||16-Dec-2021| Dr. Rohit Tandon Tagore Nagar, Ludhiana - 141 001, Punjab Source of Support: None, Conflict of Interest: None Acute pulmonary embolism (PE) is an important cause of mortality. It requires alertness to facilitate early diagnosis which becomes a benchmark for further risk stratification and optimal management. Although pulmonary artery imaging by computed tomography scan has become the gold standard in diagnosis of acute PE, echocardiography also plays a complementary role as an imaging modality in deciding about the treatment and for prognostication. Combining echocardiography with cardiac-specific biomarker assays further enhances the required diagnostic yield in the emergency setting. In this chapter, we mainly focus on the role of echocardiography along with specific biomarker assays in prognostication of acute PE patients who are normotensive at presentation. Keywords: Acute pulmonary embolism, biomarkers, echocardiography, risk stratification |How to cite this article:| Tandon R, Singh AK, Mohan B. Risk Stratification in Acute Normotensive Pulmonary Embolism– Role of Echocardiography Imaging and Biomarkers. J Indian Acad Echocardiogr Cardiovasc Imaging 2022;6:45-52 |How to cite this URL:| Tandon R, Singh AK, Mohan B. Risk Stratification in Acute Normotensive Pulmonary Embolism– Role of Echocardiography Imaging and Biomarkers. J Indian Acad Echocardiogr Cardiovasc Imaging [serial online] 2022 [cited 2022 May 23];6:45-52. Available from: https://www.jiaecho.org/text.asp?2022/6/1/45/332708 | Background and Epidemiology|| | Acute pulmonary embolism (PE) can be associated with mortality rates in the range of 5%–36%. In-hospital mortality rates in different subsets are as follows: - 25%–50% in massive PE which is associated with sustained hypotension (i.e., systolic blood pressure [SBP] <90 mmHg for at least 15 min) - 3%–15% in submassive PE which is characterized by elevated cardiac biomarkers for myocardial necrosis (troponins) and/or right ventricular (RV) systolic dysfunction with SBP more than 90 mmHg at presentation - <5% in low risk/nonmassive PE characterized by the absence of hypotension, RV dysfunction, and myocardial necrosis. Rapid and accurate risk stratification depends upon assessment of thrombus location and burden and its effects on systemic, pulmonary, and RV hemodynamics. | Initial Risk Stratification|| | Pathophysiologically, acute PE results in a cascade of events leading to release of neurohormonal factors which cause a rise in pulmonary artery pressures, thereby affecting effective forward cardiac output resulting in hemodynamic decompensation and eventually cardiogenic shock. In patients presenting in shock, termed as massive PE, urgent clot removal from the main pulmonary artery, either surgically or using catheter-based techniques, assumes utmost importance, while low-risk or nonmassive PE patients can be discharged after initial emergency room assessment and can be managed on outpatient basis. The patients who are hemodynamically stable usually require advanced risk stratification based on clinical risk prediction tools, imaging, specific biomarkers, and presence/absence of comorbidity. In this review article, we focus upon the various strategies used for risk stratification based on biomarkers and imaging and their current status and clinical validation. | Formulating a Risk Assessment Strategy- Risk Prediction Models|| | In acute PE patients who are normotensive at presentation, it is imperative to risk stratify for in - hospital or early (30-day) adverse events. Early risk stratification The European Society of Cardiology 2019 guidelines and PE Response Team Consortium 2019 guidelines suggest the use of Pulmonary Embolism Severity Index (PESI) or simplified PESI (sPESI) clinical scores as they are most extensively validated. They integrate clinical indicators of acute PE severity with aggravating conditions/comorbidity. PESI I, PESI II, or sPESI 0 reliably predict low-risk PE. Patients in intermediate-risk group can be further classified into low-risk or high-risk category based on the presence/absence of RV dysfunction on imaging using either echocardiography, computed tomography pulmonary angiography (CTPA), or elevated cardiac biomarkers., It is preferable to monitor these patients closely to allow identification of hemodynamic decompensation at the earliest for expeditious management. In a recent meta-analysis consisting of 3295 patients from 21 cohort studies, need for newer prognostication models for patients termed as low risk based on low PESI/sPESI scores was highlighted. These authors found signs of RV dysfunction in 34% of patients with early all-cause mortality of 1.8%, confirming that patients with signs of RV dysfunction despite low risk based on clinical validation scores, should be reclassified into intermediate-low-risk category [Table 1]. New clinical tools for prognostication Bova and FAST scores are novel risk prediction scores used in small trials of acute PE patients [Table 2]. |Table 2: Bova and FAST scoring systems for estimation of risk of pulmonary embolism-related complications within 30 days of acute symptomatic pulmonary embolism diagnosis| Click here to view Bova score includes two clinical variables - heart rate and SBP. It gives a score of 1 if a patient's heart rate is ≥110 bpm and a score of 2 if SBP is in the range of 90–100 mmHg. A score of 2 each is assigned for elevated troponins and RV dysfunction detected on imaging study (transthoracic echocardiography/CT pulmonary angiography). In this way, patients can be divided into three categories - 0–2 points low risk, 3–4 points intermediate low risk, and >4 points intermediate high risk. FAST score has three variables: heart-type fatty acid-binding protein (H - FABP) ≥6 ng/ml or elevated troponins (1.5 points), syncope (1.5 points), and heart rate ≥100 bpm (2 points). The patients are divided into two risk groups as low risk with <3 points and intermediate high risk with ≥3 points. Both of these new scores have integrated imaging or new biomarker assays in risk score model, thereby allowing an integrated assessment. Assessment of pretest probability in acute pulmonary embolism In PE, heightened clinical suspicion is kept for patients having established deep venous thrombosis (DVT). Well's criteria combined with D-dimer assay are useful as a rule-out approach [Table 3]. Usual cutoff levels of D-dimer assay indicating PE are >500 microgram/L. However, recent guidelines recommend using age-adjusted cutoff for D-dimer levels in patients >50 years of age (age ×10 microgram/L), as it helps to reclassify at least 30% of patients as low risk. Thromboembolism risk at 3 months was <1% with this approach in many outcome studies of PE. If Well's score is <2, but D-dimer levels are high, then further testing is definitely recommended, [Figure 1]. |Figure 1: Flow diagram: Diagnostic and prognostic algorithm in acute pulmonary embolism, | CTPA: Computed tomographic pulmonary angiography, PE: Pulmonary embolism, PESI: Pulmonary Embolism Severity Index, sPESI: simplified Pulmonary Embolism Severity Index, TTE: Transthoracic echocardiography Click here to view | Computerized Tomography Pulmonary Angiography: The Gold Standard|| | CTPA is considered one of the most accurate investigations to assess embolic burden in acute PE. It allows visualization of thromboemboli in main pulmonary artery up till segmental branches. Although it has an 83% sensitivity at a high specificity of 96%, it is associated with a radiation exposure of 3–10 m Sv in a single test (Prospective Investigation of Pulmonary Embolism Diagnosis [PIEOPED] II study). In their meta-analysis, Vedovati et al. showed that although localization of emboli in central branches of main pulmonary artery was associated with increased 30-day mortality, no association could be correlated with thrombus burden and obstruction index. In an outcome-based study done recently, obstruction index <20% on CTPA could identify low-risk PE patients who did not have associated cardiopulmonary disabilities such as heart failure and lung cancer. Based on the results of the available studies, it can be concluded that CTPA has a 96% value to rule out PE, but if clinical suspicion is high, then it reduces to only 60%, so a combined approach for further testing is recommended. | Risk Stratification Using Echocardiography|| | Echocardiography may be normal in a substantive population of acute PE patients as signs of RV dysfunction typically described in echocardiography studies appear only when there is at least 30% obstruction in pulmonary artery including its branches. Yet, it plays an important role in management of PE patients due to its a availability and ease of use. There is a consensus that 30%–40% of acute PE patients have echocardiographically recognizable RV dysfunction which is useful for monitoring the patients during hospital stay up till discharge. Echocardiographic Criteria for Right Ventricular Dysfunction RV dysfunction in a case of PE is defined as RV dilation using any of the following criteria- RV end-diastolic diameter at basal level >30 mm, end-diastolic RV: left ventricular (LV) diameter ratio >1 at basal level, pulmonary hypertension (value derived from either tricuspid regurgitation jet >2.5 m/s or pulmonary acceleration time <90 ms), RV free wall thickness <7 mm, and dilation of the right pulmonary artery (>12 mm/m2). Documenting RV dysfunction using the above criteria indicated two times higher short-term mortality risk (data from 6 studies including 1773 patients). Additionally, specific echocardiography findings, namely mobile thrombi in right heart chambers or thrombus in transit, carry high mortality risk and demand urgent embolectomy. This finding has been reported in 4% unselected and in 18% intensive care unit (ICU)-admitted patients of acute PE [Video 1]. [Additional file 1] Video 1: A mobile saddle thrombus at bifurcation of main pulmonary artery in a patient of acute submassive pulmonary embolism. On echocardiography, a high left parasternal short-axis view is preferred for proper localization of thrombi in main pulmonary artery, its bifurcation, or at origin of right/left pulmonary arteries. Echocardiography-Based Risk Stratification Tools Echocardiography-based risk stratification tools can be divided into the following: Normally, RV is one-third the size of the LV. When its size appears more than LV visually, it is said to be enlarged. Besides this, regional or global hypokinesia of RV free wall, abnormal septal motion, tricuspid regurgitation, and inferior vena cava (IVC) size and inspiration induced collapsibility, all can be appreciated visually. These findings of right heart strain, although have low negative predictive value, still indicate the possibility of acute PE in an appropriate clinical scenario (53% sensitivity and 83% specificity). Another important sign noted on visual assessment is McConnell sign, which refers to severe hypokinesia of whole RV free wall, sparing the apex [Video 2]. It was associated with a 57% higher mortality rate at 3 months in patients who were hemodynamically stable at presentation. So, although it is found in <30% of acute PE patients, its presence on echocardiography adds substantive prognostic value. [Additional file 2] Video 2: Typical McConnell sign (as described in text) in apical four-chamber view. Quantitative parameters involve documentation of findings of RV pressure overload and dysfunction in a guideline-recommended manner [Figure 2] and [Figure 3]. |Figure 2: The typical echocardiography signs seen in a patient of acute pulmonary embolism (PE) are described. (a) Dilated right atrium and right ventricle with moderate tricuspid regurgitation (TR) jet on color flow. (b) Right ventricular systolic pressure (RVSP) of 36 mmHg derived from TR jet velocity signal using continuous-wave Doppler. (c) Pulsed-wave Doppler across pulmonary valve to calculate pulmonary acceleration time (52 ms) and 60/60 sign which is a combination of RVSP <60 mmHg and pulmonary acceleration time <60 ms with mid-systolic notch, a highly specific sign for acute PE. (d) Basal right ventricular:left ventricular ratio is >1 with dilated right ventricle. Basal right ventricular diameter is 38 mm, measured 1 cm below the tricuspid annulus. (e and f) Calculation of right ventricular fractional area change by tracing right ventricular endocardium in diastole and systole, respectively, right ventricular fractional area change in this case was 23% suggesting moderate right ventricular systolic dysfunction| Click here to view |Figure 3: Various other echocardiographic findings in acute pulmonary embolism which are reproducible and reliable for acute prognostication. (a) Tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (15 mm) using M-mode at lateral tricuspid annulus. (b) Systolic velocity of tricuspid annulus (7 cm/s) derived by placing tissue Doppler cursor at lateral tricuspid annulus. (c) Calculation of right ventricular myocardial performance index (0.8). (d) Global longitudinal strain of right ventricle (-14%) using speckle tracking. (e) Dilated inferior vena cava (22 mm) seen in subcostal view suggesting raised right atrial pressures. (f) Inferior vena cava collapsibility is <50% calculated by placing M-mode cursor on inferior vena cava and measuring the change in inferior vena cava diameter with respiration| Click here to view Right ventricular/left ventricular ratio Normal RV/LV diameter ratio is <0.6. Ratio >0.9 is considered an independent predictive factor of in-hospital mortality. This measurement is made 1 cm below the tricuspid annulus. Patients who have a persistent ratio >0.9 at hospital discharge were eight times more likely to have recurrent PE and have a hazard ratio (HR) of 4.4 for intensive care unit (ICU) mortality. 60/60 sign is a combination of RV systolic pressure (RVSP) <60 mmHg and pulmonary acceleration time <60 ms. It was first studied by Kurzyna et al in a cohort of 100 acute PE suspected patients. It is thought to be less operator dependent than the McConnell's sign and is a highly specific sign of acute PE. The largest evaluation of the 60/60 sign was done by Kurnicka et al. in an analysis of 511 consecutive PE patients and found it to be present in 12.9% of the patients. Right atrial pressure This is measured echocardiographically using IVC diameter and collapsibility on inspiration as a surrogate for estimation. Dilated IVC with <50% inspiratory collapse suggests elevated right atrial pressure and is associated with increased ICU mortality with HR 4.3. Right ventricular systolic pressure RVSP can be easily calculated from tricuspid regurgitation velocity. Usually, in acute PE, RVSP ranges from 40 to 55 mmHg, which has HR 1.03 for ICU mortality. If RVSP exceeds 60 mmHg, then signs of chronic pulmonary thromboembolism such as RV hypertrophy, gross pulmonary artery dilatation, and fixed, noncollapsible IVC should be excluded. Tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion Tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) provides a quantitative measure of global RV longitudinal function. Its normal value usually exceeds 60% that of normal mitral annular motion during systole. It is measured by keeping M-mode cursor at the lateral tricuspid annulus. TAPSE <16 mm has been correlated with pre-discharge and 30-day post-discharge complications. In a prospective, multicenter study of 782 acute PE patients who were normotensive at presentation, RIETE study investigators concluded that TAPSE ≤16 mm correlated with raised pulmonary artery pressures ≈ 53.7 ± 16.7 mmHg, increased end-diastolic diameter of RV ≈ 3.5 ± 0.8 cm, increased RV: LV diameter ratio in end-diastole ~ 1.0 ± 0.3, and hypokinesia of RV free wall ~ in 68%. TAPSE cutoff value of 16 mm at presentation carried HR of 2.3 for any cause and 4.4 of PE-related mortality on follow-up. In conclusion, among patients presenting with acute PE, TAPSE value ≤16 mm identifies high risk while value of >20 mm identifies very low-risk group. Two novel parameters incorporating TAPSE have emerged as promising prognostic indicators in recent studies, namely tricuspid regurgitation peak gradient (TRPG)/TAPSE and TAPSE/pulmonary arterial systolic pressure (PASP). These parameters were studied to improve risk stratification in intermediate-risk PE patients on the premise that a ratio of RV function to afterload might be superior in prediction of adverse outcome than longitudinal function alone. TRPG/TAPSE ratio >4.5 and TAPSE/PASP cutoff value 0.4 implied a 21% risk of PE-related short-term mortality, especially in normotensive patients with TAPSE value between 16 and 20 mm., Recently, TAPSE was also used to validate a new bedside score named PESI-Echo which helped in a 9.9% improvement in reclassification of at-risk normotensive acute PE patients. PESI-Echo score is calculated using the following formula: PESI + PASP - TAPSE = PESI-Echo score as TAPSE's value is inversely related to the severity. Tissue Doppler-derived systolic velocity S' This tissue Doppler-based parameter measures RV longitudinal motion similar to TAPSE but is considered more reproducible. Normal velocity at tricuspid lateral annulus is >11 cm/s; in acute PE, it falls below 9 cm/s and is a useful parameter for detecting early change in RV function, but unlike TAPSE, this parameter has been shown to be inferior in prognostication of acute PE patients. Right ventricular fractional area change This quantifies the change in RV area during the cardiac cycle. It is calculated as (RV end-diastolic area − end-systolic area) X 100/end-diastolic area, and values are derived by tracing RV endocardium in diastole and systole using calipers. RV fractional area change correlates with RV ejection fraction (RVEF) calculated by cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR). Its normal value ranges from 35% to 50%. Right ventricular myocardial performance index RV myocardial performance index is the ratio of RV isovolumic time divided by ejection time which can be calculated using tissue/pulsed-wave Doppler. It may be used for both the diagnosis of RV dysfunction and the assessment of treatment effectiveness. Normal value is <0.4 by pulsed-wave Doppler and <0.55 by tissue Doppler method. Right ventricular longitudinal systolic strain RV longitudinal systolic strain is helpful to quantify subtle changes in RV contractile function. Both RV free wall and global RV strain have been included as prognostic measures in various studies showing robust correlation with biomarker assays, PE outcome, improvement with therapy, and unfavorable outcomes in short-term follow-up. Normal value of RV global longitudinal strain is −24.5% ± 3.8% and that of RV free wall strain is −28.5% ± 4.8%; a cutoff of ≤−15% was an independent predictor of inhospital events in nonmassive acute PE patients. Combination of mean RV free wall strain <−12%, RVEF <40% on three-dimensional echocardiographic imaging, and RVSP >43 mmHg predicts worse prognosis in submassive PE patients [Table 4] and [Table 5]. |Table 4: Diagnostic value of various echocardiography signs of right ventricular dysfunction in acute pulmonary embolism patients (data from pooled analysis)| Click here to view |Table 5: Prognostic value of specific echocardiography parameters in predicting all-cause and pulmonary embolism-related mortality within 30 days of hospital admission in normotensive acute pulmonary embolism patients| Click here to view Combining Compression ultrasonography and Transthoracic Echocardiography in Risk Stratification Keeping in mind that acute usually originates from deep vein thrombosis (DVT) of lower-limb veins, recent guidelines have emphasized on combining echocardiography with compression ultrasonography of veins for better early risk stratification. This is due to high sensitivity (>90%) and specificity (95%) of compression ultrasonography for DVT diagnosis. In a meta-analysis investigating 8859 patients with acute PE, the presence of concomitant DVT was confirmed as a predictor of 30-day all-cause mortality (odds ratio [OR]: 1.9, 95% confidence interval). | Laboratory Biomarkers for Acute Pulmonary Embolism Risk Stratification|| | In acute PE, a cascade of events is initiated due to near-complete/complete thrombotic occlusion of pulmonary vasculature. This sudden blockage in pulmonary artery circulation results in development of acute pressure load on the thin-walled RV, which in response shows stretching of RV wall and dilates as a compensatory mechanism so as to maintain cardiac output. This leads to release of natriuretic peptides and copeptin. Prolonged state of increased afterload also produces some amount of RV myocardial ischemia leading to myocardial injury as depicted by rise in troponins, H-FABP, and growth-differentiating factor 15 (GDF-15). Estimating Myocardial Injury Using Biomarkers In this regard, troponins have a proven role in documenting myocardial injury as well as predicting increased risk of mortality with OR ranging from 5.2 to 5.5 in normotensive patients with acute PE. Age-adjusted cutoffs are useful in further improving its negative predictive value for in-hospital and short-term adverse events which is up to 96% at cutoff >14 pg/mL for patients aged <75 years and >45 pg/mL for those >75 years. Their main limitation remains detectability only for up to 72 h from index event and delayed release unlike in acute coronary syndromes. H-FABP is a protein mainly found in cytoplasm of myocardium, skeletal muscle, and distal renal tubular cells. It is a small molecule with low serum concentrations under normal physiological conditions. Its blood levels start rising within 90 min of myocardial injury, peak in 6 h, and return to baseline after 12–24 h. This rapid release pattern makes it suitable for use in early triage of patients. At a cutoff of ≥6 ng/mL, it poses seven times increased risk of PE-related adverse events with OR of 17 and 33 for all-cause mortality (data from meta-analysis of 1680 patients). Due to these advantages, such as early rise and low overlap, it is now part of FAST score as described above. Biomarkers for Increased Myocardial Stretch Both brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) and N-terminal proBNP (NT-proBNP) have established prognostic role in acute PE as both show increased levels in response to RV stretch. They also reflect the severity of RV pressure overload before development of overt hemodynamic compromise. On admission, BNP values >90 pg/mL and NT-proBNP values value >500 pg/ml have been shown to predict a 10% higher risk of early death and a 23% risk of adverse clinical outcome. These peptides suffer from wide variability of concentrations in various population groups and their delayed release due to slow upregulation of messenger ribonucleic acid. Still, their low levels imply high negative predictive value for adverse in-hospital events. Another new molecule which is useful in depicting RV stretch is copeptin. This molecule is similar to vasopressin as it gets released from neurohypophysis following alteration in pulmonary hemodynamics secondary to acute RV pressure overload, but it is more stable than vasopressin which allows its estimation even hours after index event. In various studies, copeptin levels above cutoff value of 24 pmol·L−1 predicted a 6–7 times increased risk for PE-related adverse events and mortality. Another new marker which has been studied in the context of PE-related adverse outcome is GDF-15, which is a congener from transforming growth factor and is released in myocardial ischemia and heart failure. Although cutoff values are lacking due to paucity of studies, it has shown almost 95% negative predictive value for 30-day adverse events in a study by Lankeit et al. | Profiling Right Ventricular Dysfunction Using Combination of Imaging and Serum Biomarkers|| | As discussed above, all three approaches are useful for risk stratification of normotensive PE patients when used in a judicious stepwise fashion [Table 6] and [Figure 1]. |Table 6: Clinical, laboratory, and echocardiography parameters predicting 30-day pulmonary embolism-related mortality in normotensive acute pulmonary embolism patients- an integrative approach| Click here to view The focus of all approaches is documenting RV dysfunction, although cutoff values for each of them may differ. Risk ratio for RV dysfunction assessed by echocardiography/CT was 2.4, for BNP 9.5, NT-pro BNP 5.7, and troponins 8.3 in a retrospective analysis of published data over the last 22 years by Sanchez et al. Hence a combined integrative approach toward prognostication is advocated in acute PE as it has additional additive value. | Conclusions|| | Risk stratification of normotensive acute PE patients is an evolving subject. Cardiac biomarkers and imaging of heart and limb veins have paved the way for rapid and accurate bedside risk stratification. These parameters complement clinical decision-making and therefore have now been included in recently validated risk assessment models for better prognostication of PE patients. Financial support and sponsorship Conflicts of interest There are no conflicts of interest. | References|| | Wendelboe AM, Raskob GE. Global burden of thrombosis: Epidemiologic aspects. Circ Res 2016;118:1340-7. Konstantinides SV, Meyer G. The 2019 ESC guidelines on the diagnosis and management of acute pulmonary embolism. Eur Heart J 2019;40:3453-5. Rivera-Lebron B, McDaniel M, Ahrar K, Alrifai A, Dudzinski DM, Fanola C, et al . Diagnosis, treatment and follow up of acute pulmonary embolism: Consensus practice from the PERT consortium. Clin Appl Thromb Hemost 2019;25:1076029619853037. Le Gal G, Righini M, Roy PM, Sanchez O, Aujesky D, Bounameaux H, et al . Prediction of pulmonary embolism in the emergency department: The revised Geneva score. Ann Intern Med 2006;144:165-71. Penaloza A, Verschuren F, Meyer G, Quentin-Georget S, Soulie C, Thys F, et al . Comparison of the unstructured clinician gestalt, the wells score, and the revised Geneva score to estimate pretest probability for suspected pulmonary embolism. Ann Emerg Med 2013;62:117-24.e2. Kline JA, Courtney DM, Kabrhel C, Moore CL, Smithline HA, Plewa MC, et al . Prospective multicenter evaluation of the pulmonary embolism rule-out criteria. J Thromb Haemost 2008;6:772-80. Bova C, Vanni S, Prandoni P, Morello F, Dentali F, Bernardi E, et al . A prospective validation of the Bova score in normotensive patients with acute pulmonary embolism. Thromb Res 2018;165:107-11. Hobohm L, Becattini C, Konstantinides SV, Casazza F, Lankeit M. Validation of a fast prognostic score for risk stratification of normotensive patients with acute pulmonary embolism. Clin Res Cardiol 2020;109:1008-17. Lankeit M, Friesen D, Schäfer K, Hasenfuß G, Konstantinides S, Dellas C. A simple score for rapid risk assessment of non-high-risk pulmonary embolism. Clin Res Cardiol 2013;102:73-80. Wells PS, Anderson DR, Rodger M, Ginsberg JS, Kearon C, Gent M, et al . Derivation of a simple clinical model to categorize patients probability of pulmonary embolism: Increasing the models utility with the SimpliRED D-dimer. Thromb Haemost 2000;83:416-20. Vedovati MC, Germini F, Agnelli G, Becattini C. Prognostic role of embolic burden assessed at computed tomography angiography in patients with acute pulmonary embolism: Systematic review and meta-analysis. J Thromb Haemost 2013;11:2092-102. Rotzinger DC, Knebel JF, Jouannic AM, Adler G, Qanadli SD. CT pulmonary angiography for risk stratification of patients with nonmassive acute pulmonary embolism. Radiol Cardiothorac Imaging 2020;2:e190188. Ten Wolde M, Sohne M, Quak E, Gillavry MR, Buller HR. Prognostic value of echocardiographically assessed right ventricular dysfunction in patients with pulmonary embolism. Arch Intern Med 2004;164:1685-9. Torbicki A, Pruszczyk P. The role of echocardiography in suspected and established PE. Semin Vasc Med 2001;1:165-74. Fields MJ, Davis J, Girson L, Au A, Potts J, Morgan DJ, et al . Transthoracic echocardiography for diagnosing pulmonary embolism: A systematic review and meta-analysis J Am Soc Echocardiogr 2017. Mediratta A, Addetia K, Medvedofsky D, Gomberg-Maitland M, Mor-Avi V, Lang RM. Echocardiographic diagnosis of acute pulmonary embolism in patients with mcconnell's sign. Echocardiography 2016;33:696-702. Shah BR, Velamakanni S, Patel A, Khadkikar G, Patel TM, Shah SC. Analysis of the 60/60 sign and other right ventricular parameters by 2D transthoracic echocardiography as adjuncts to diagnosis of acute pulmonary embolism. Cureus 2021;13:e13800. Lobo JL, Holley A, Tapson V, Moores L, Oribe M, Barrón M, et al . Prognostic significance of tricuspid annular displacement in normotensive patients with acute symptomatic pulmonary embolism. J Thromb Haemost 2014;12:1020-7. Ciurzyński M, Kurnicka K, Lichodziejewska B, Kozłowska M, Pływaczewska M, Sobieraj P, et al . Tricuspid regurgitation peak gradient (TRPG)/tricuspid annulus plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) – A novel parameter for stepwise echocardiographic risk stratification in normotensive patients with acute pulmonary embolism. Circ J 2018;82:1179-85. Lyhne MD, Kabrhel C, Giordano N, Andersen A, Nielsen-Kudsk JE, Zheng H, et al . The echocardiographic ratio tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion/pulmonary arterial systolic pressure predicts short-term adverse outcomes in acute pulmonary embolism. Eur Heart J Cardiovasc Imaging 2021;22:285-94. Burgos LM, Scatularo CE, Cigalini IM, Jauregui JC, Bernal MI, Bonorino JM, et al . The addition of echocardiographic parameters to PESI risk score improves mortality prediction in patients with acute pulmonary embolism: PESI-Echo score. Eur Heart J Acute Cardiovasc Care 2021;10:250-7. Vitarelli A, Barillà F, Capotosto L, D'Angeli I, Truscelli G, De Maio M, et al . Right ventricular function in acute pulmonary embolism: A combined assessment by three-dimensional and speckle-tracking echocardiography. J Am Soc Echocardiogr 2014;27:329-38. Erythropoulou-Kaltsidou A, Alkagiet S, Tziomalos K. New guidelines for the diagnosis and management of pulmonary embolism: Key changes. World J Cardiol 2020;12:161-6. Jiménez D, Uresandi F, Otero R, Lobo JL, Monreal M, Martí D, et al . Troponin-based risk stratification of patients with acute nonmassive pulmonary embolism: Systematic review and metaanalysis. Chest 2009;136:974-82. Tong C, Zhang Z. Evaluation factors of pulmonary embolism severity and prognosis. Clin Appl Thromb Hemost 2015;21:273-84. Coutance G, Cauderlier E, Ehtisham J, Hamon M, Hamon M. The prognostic value of markers of right ventricular dysfunction in pulmonary embolism: A meta-analysis. Crit Care 2011;15:R103. Hellenkamp K, Pruszczyk P, Jiménez D, Wyzgał A, Barrios D, Ciurzyński M, et al . Prognostic impact of copeptin in pulmonary embolism: A multicentre validation study. Eur Respir J 2018;51:1702037. Lankeit M, Kempf T, Dellas C, Cuny M, Tapken H, Peter T, et al . Growth Differentiation Factor-15 for Prognostic Assessment of Patients with Acute Pulmonary Embolism. Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2008;177:1018-25. Jiménez D, Aujesky D, Moores L, Gómez V, Martí D, Briongos S, et al . Combinations of prognostic tools for identification of high-risk normotensive patients with acute symptomatic pulmonary embolism. Thorax 2011;66:75-81. Sanchez O, Trinquart L, Colombet I, Durieux P, Huisman MV, Chatellier G, et al . Prognostic value of right ventricular dysfunction in patients with haemodynamically stable pulmonary embolism: A systematic review. Eur Heart J 2008;29:1569-77 [Figure 1], [Figure 2], [Figure 3] [Table 1], [Table 2], [Table 3], [Table 4], [Table 5], [Table 6]
Playboy Playmates Compete for Joyboxx with Sir-Mix-A-Lot April 22, 2015 Playboy Playmates Compete to Win a Joyboxx with Hip-Hop Legend Sir Mix-a-Lot on Playboy TV & Radio - "Baby Got Boxx!" FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE April 22, 2015 – Seattle, WA – Passionate Playground LLC is thrilled to announce its product, Joyboxx, the world’s only antimicrobial adult toy storage system, made its debut on the Playboy TV and Radio morning show on April 21 with hosts, Andrea Lowell and Dan Cummins and special guest Seattle, Hip-Hop legend, Sir Mix-a-Lot. Host Dan Cummins said he was also originally from Seattle and they had an in-depth discussion of Mix-a-Lot’s do-it-yourself controversial career, impact on hip-hop, future recording plans, and the ground-breaking song “Baby Got Back,” celebrating the curvy woman. The Seattle connection came together further during the next show segment. Sir Mix-A-Lot judged a “Battle of the Babes” trivia game where Playboy Playmates competed to win a purple Joyboxx. When host Andrea Lowell introduced Joyboxx and its many features, Sir Mix a-lot said, “Oh I love this, I call it the cock box. I know the inventor!” Watch the PG version: Or the Rated R version: In the end, the Butts team won, to the surprise of no one, and “Baby got a Boxx” to take home. The Playboy Morning Show airs Mon-Fri 9aPT/12pET on: http://www.PlayboyRadio.com ABOUT PASSIONATE PLAYGROUND Passionate Playground is a Seattle, WA based company founded by Deborah Semer who is proving that sometimes thinking “inside the box” can be revolutionary. Passionate Playground is dedicated to shaping the future of sexual health and wellness by innovating body safe products for passionate people. Passionate Playground’s first two products Joyboxx® and Playtray™ – are the only hygienic adult toy storage system on the market today that protect sex toys, people and furniture before, during and after sexual play.
Made by am designs. Stonewashed 600 gr/m2 Martindale +/- 20000 rubs upholstery and window decoration, minimum order 1 meter (1,09 yards) 138 -- inch Share This Product Please fill in the form below and we contact you as soon as possible.
How safe is your minibus? Taxi passengers rely on drivers to keep them and their belongings secure. At the same time, driving a minibus means you go anywhere, anytime – you can’t always choose the safest spots and slots. Minibus theft can be devastating for schools, clubs and charities, too, who rely on their vehicle to take them on trips, matches, fundraising events and more. Minibuses may also be used to transport expensive sports or safety equipment, which could be a target for thieves. With figures indicating around 114,000 vehicle thefts in England and Wales in 2018/2019, it pays to boost the security of your minibus. Here are some top tips to make sure you don’t have to claim on your minibus insurance. When you’re transporting passengers as a taxi service or as part of a club or school, passengers will be carrying handbags, money, smartphones, tablets – all things that could attract thieves. Make sure that you tell all passengers to take their belongings with them and secure them out of sight if you’re leaving them in the minibus. It only takes seconds for professional thieves to strike. If you’re running a large fleet of minibuses in your taxi company you may already be operating fleet management software that tracks the locations of your vehicles. If not, GPS trackers can give minibus owners peace of mind about exactly where their vehicles are at any one time. Most trackers can be fitted out of sight of the thieves so they can be remotely activated by the tracking company and the police if the vehicle goes walkabout. GPS tracking data may also be able to give you information about routes taken and driver behaviour so you can improve your fleet’s efficiency and make a record of when servicing is due. The best place to park your minibus is a bright place with plenty of passing people and/or CCTV. Remote, dark places make it much easier for thieves to target the vehicle without being disturbed. It goes without saying that the minibus should be left locked, with windows and doors safely closed. It is easy to forget to do this when assisting passengers, especially children. Not securing your minibus properly could lead to problems when you come to claim on your minibus insurance. If you can afford to invest in a brand new minibus, it should come with an alarm or immobiliser fitted as standard, but that’s not the case with many older models. Investing in an immobiliser can help hinder a theft attempt as it won’t allow the minibus to be started without the correct key. Thieves always prefer easy targets, so this extra level of security should deter them from breaking in. One of the best ways to improve your minibus security is to invest in driver training, helping to develop skills in managing challenging situations. You may find that completion of a driver training course brings down your minibus insurance premium, too. It might seem obvious but making sure your minibus keys are safe is one of the biggest ways to stop minibus theft. Where are your minibus keys kept? In a locked, secured safety box? A break-in at a school or charity could mean that thieves are able to make off with more than just what’s in your office. If you’re running your minibus as part of your taxi fleet, your drivers may be dealing with cash on a daily basis. Make sure all cash is secured in a locked box out of sight of passengers. You could also think about switching your drivers to cashless and offering card payments for passengers. Pre-booked trips in the minibus – like airport shuttle runs – might have even been paid for up front. So, you’ve secured your vehicle but what about the safety and security of you and your passengers? As a minibus driver, you rely on reflexes to keep you safe, but reflexes are slower when you are tired. Making sure you are in the best possible condition for driving before you head out will help to prevent crashes. Firstly, rest is vital – sleepy drivers can lose control of the wheel, or fail to react to hazards quickly enough. Prioritise sleep before you head out on a shift, and build in rest stops in your route plan. Consuming heavy meals, alcohol or certain medications can also cause drowsiness. Take light meals before driving, do not drink alcohol and make sure your medication is safe for driving before you set off. You should check your vehicle before setting off, every single time you go out to work. Walk around the minibus checking for defects, looking for signs of damage or wear and making sure the fuel cap has not been tampered with. It is your job to make sure your passengers are safe when they board the minibus, and during the journey. Choosing a safe place to stop and take on passengers is crucial. You should not let passengers on until you have stopped completely, beside a pavement or traffic-free area, preferably with good lighting. You must supervise children entering the minibus, and allow plenty of time for passengers who are elderly or disabled to get in. Passengers should ride one to a seat, using seatbelts, and any passengers in wheelchairs should be safely restrained. You must follow the law around speed limits, seatbelts, and avoiding alcohol or drugs prior to driving. Although minibus drivers can sometimes be under pressure to get to a destination quickly, speed is a major factor in causing collisions or making their impact more severe. Driving at a sensible speed will help keep you and your passengers safe. If your minibus is fitted with a speed limiter, this makes excessive speed less of a concern but limiters can come with their own dangers unless driving style is adjusted. For example, a limiter can affect the ability to overtake, accelerate, change lanes and enter roads with a higher speed. Do you need minibus insurance you can rely on? Talk to Taxi Insurer today.
Oil Demand Has Collapsed, And It Won't Come Back Any Time Soon 2020 is shaping up to be an extraordinarily bad year for oil. In the spring, pandemic lockdowns sent oil demand plummeting and markets into a tailspin. At one point, U.S. oil prices even turned negative for the first time in history. But summer brought new optimism to the industry, with hopes rising for a controlled pandemic, a recovering economy and resurgent oil demand. Those hopes are now fading. In a report Tuesday, the influential advisory body called the International Energy Agency revised its forecasts for global oil consumption downward, warning that the market outlook is "even more fragile" than expected and that "the path ahead is treacherous." It's the latest in a flurry of diminished forecasts from major energy players. On Monday, oil cartel OPEC slashed its expectations of oil demand, just as Trafigura, a large oil trading company, warned that another large oil glut is building. And energy giant BP, which has grabbed headlines with its new carbon-neutral commitments, raised the possibility that the world might never again use as much oil as it did before the pandemic. A pair of recent OPEC reports reflect the rapid shift in mood. Its August oil forecast assumed that by 2021, "COVID-19 will largely be contained globally with no major disruptions to the global economy." OPEC also predicted that economic activity would be rebounding steadily and oil demand would be recovering. But on Monday, OPEC released a much grimmer forecast. "[S]tructural changes to the global economy are forecast to persist," the oil cartel wrote. Travel and tourism "are not expected to achieve pre-COVID-19 levels of activity before the end of 2021." The IEA, a well-regarded source of global energy data, agreed with the oil cartel's latest assessment, writing that "it is becoming increasingly apparent that COVID-19 will stay with us for some time." "There's some negative vibes out there," said Neil Atkinson, the head of Oil Industry and Markets Division at the IEA. "It just doesn't appear to be a simple case of this horrible thing comes along in the first six months of the year and then mercifully goes away again and we can all go back to normal. It's just not happening like that." The world still relies heavily on oil and natural gas. For 2020, OPEC predicts total oil demand will be slashed by nearly 10% — nowhere near the large-scale pivot away from fossil fuels that scientists say is necessary to fight climate change. But from the industry's perspective, this year's decline is tremendous and destabilizing. Producers around the world are already radically rethinking their production plans, shutting down drilling rigs and hitting pause on major projects. Many U.S. producers have gone bankrupt. Saudi Arabia, which has been trying to diversify its economy to be less reliant on oil as the sole source of prosperity, pushed the wider group of countries called OPEC+ to slash output and drag prices up out of the doldrums. These disruptions come as a growing number of investors, regulators and even energy giants are projecting bigger shifts in oil demand in the years to come as much of the world takes action to try to limit the most damaging consequences of climate change. BP and Shell are among the European oil and gas giants that have pledged to reshape their businesses to focus more on zero-carbon energy sources. Total, the French energy company, recently acknowledged that the shift away from fossil fuels will cause some of its current oil investments to become "stranded assets," meaning they will not be as valuable as expected in a world that has reduced its reliance on oil. BP published its annual energy outlook this week and laid out three possible trajectories for the future of oil demand. In two of those pathways, the world would take meaningful action on climate change, and the current drop in demand — instead of being a pandemic-induced blip — would become the pivot point leading toward a lower-emissions future. In the third path, where the world continues with "business as usual" instead of acting more swiftly to stop global warming, BP predicts oil demand would increase slightly over the next few years — but still peak within the decade. BP says its scenarios are not forecasts, but "a range of possible outcomes." Carolyn Kissane, an energy expert and an academic director at New York University's Center for Global Affairs, says BP's experts aren't the only ones who see a possibility that energy demand may have already peaked. She notes many factors will affect demand — including economic developments, government policy decisions and, of course, the pandemic. And big questions remain about just how profoundly our behavior might shift as a result of pandemic disruptions. "Maybe we are making this more dramatic, radical transition that's going to have much deeper impacts," she says. "There is that uncertainty." Transitioning away from fossil fuels will not be quick, easy or simple, Kissane says. But it's possible the pandemic is pushing companies and oil-producing countries to think now about how to adapt to a world with reduced oil demand — one they once expected would arrive further into the future. Copyright 2020 NPR. To see more, visit https://www.npr.org.
I hope you are all having a great week so far!! It's time for the High Hopes Challenge This weeks challenge is brought to us by our lovely Diva and she is asking us to make a "Stair Step Card" I decided to create a fall card. The adorable images I am using are Laurie's Pumpkin Patch Angel Bear Scarecrow Single Potted Sunflower I embossed the images with black and painted them with Tombows. The grass is made with heavy mulberry paper. I added glitter to the scarecrows wings and some copper stickles to his hat and flower center. I hope you like it!! The Diva's have created some absolutely awesome step cards so be sure topop on over to the High Hope Blog and check them out....you will be totally inspired!! I hope you will have time to play along with us this week I look forward to seeing your creations!! Have a wonderful day and Thanks so much for stopping by...
Hotspot Shield Premium APK is a VPN that assists you with concealing your IP when on the web and access hindered sites. This application permits you to keep online exercises on cell phones yet with very high protection and security. Presently, numerous VPN applications have showed up yet not really everything is acceptable. This application is amazingly exceptionally evaluated, created by Anchor Free. This application is a more private or precise access stage than a virtual private organization. Specifically, you will not need to stress since Hotspot Shield is first class and stable. In the event that you are obstructed when visiting a site, this is the thing that will help you eliminate boundaries and simple access with only one touch. Features of Hotspot Shield Unblock hindered content: Currently, numerous sites block IP addresses from different nations. Be that as it may, with this extraordinary application, you can essentially access and view the hindering substance of these sites. While getting to the web, visiting the web, the application will screen and shield your gadget from malignant assaults. A few groups introduce noxious code on their site and assault access gadgets to take data. Subsequently, you will get supreme security assurance from noxious code dissipated across the Internet and can ride the web unreservedly without stressing over your information being taken. Incredible execution, quick site stacking: If you talk about execution, there will be no applications that match than Hotspot Shield. Eliminate transmission capacity restricts as well as speed up to the most extreme to help you load the web rapidly with rocket speeds. Particularly for the individuals who play web based games in different nations, the application will help you mess around with high web speed and assist you with having the smoothest experience conceivable. Not keep client logs: Customer data security is the designer’s first concern. This application will delete all client logs for data security. Hence, your data will be totally ensured and can’t fall into awful individuals. Client assistance consistently: If you have any inquiries or ideas, kindly contact [email protected] email to get support from specialized staff. Furthermore, the distributer is focused on continually attempting to best help the client whenever of the day. How it Works? Hotspot Shield gives secure network through encoded channels to your gadget. Consequently, when you access the web will be recorded as being gotten to from somewhere else you have picked. This application will help you shroud IP address and supplant it with a suitable address and can get to the hindered site. This application is created under an expense model. Your record is at first a free record yet you can move up to Elite to get more advantages from the engineer. You can utilize 7 days free Elite record and can get it on the off chance that you feel fulfilled. You can likewise welcome companions and family members to purchase by an Elite record that can sign in to 5 gadgets simultaneously and use. First class records will give you incredible advantages. You will be given limitless access from 20 nations like Japan, USA, China, Korea, and so forth Be that as it may, you can keep on utilizing following 7 days for nothing with your record mine. The free form likewise gives you limitless access rapidly and helpfully. Area of interest Shield is a mainstream VPN stage as of late gained by Pango. This securing has permitted any client pursuing the VPN administration to use three additional items – the 1Password secret key chief, the Identity Guard fraud insurance administration (US-just), just as the Robo Shield robocall and spam blocker (US-as it were). The VPN seller offers a fair advertisement upheld complementary plan however sparkles in its Premium variant, eliminating promotions and impediments as far as information move, highlights, and worker access. In particular, everything clients can use more than 1,800 workers in 80+ nations. Applications are accessible for every one of the significant stages – Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and Linux. Lamentably, because of the exclusive Catapult Hydra convention’s absence of help for some different stages (for the time being), it very well may be introduced on barely some other gadget with the exception of those recorded above, just as Android TV and switches that help DD-WRT and FreshTomato firmware. The stage is additionally offered as a Chrome expansion. Given how restricted Hotspot Shield’s free item is – one worker area in particular, 500MB every day information cutoff, and 2Mbps speed, you will likely need to change around to one of its Premium membership choices. The month to month one accompanies the sticker price of $12.99, trailed by the more affordable, yearly choice valued at what might be compared to $7.99/month. You’ll take full advantage of your cash on the off chance that you pick the 3-year membership what cuts the cost to just $2.99/month. Installment is conceivable through Visas and PayPal. There’s no free preliminary, yet the complementary plan should give you enough knowledge to choose if you like what this supplier has to bring to the table. On the off chance that you do pay for the help and end up frustrated, you’ll have 45 days to request your cash back, which is a fairly liberal discount period around here. Some logging issues to the side, Hotspot Shield is a balanced VPN stage that utilizes exclusive innovation to convey turbocharged paces and association security, just as quick torrenting and streaming limits, all through it’s outstandingly easy to understand applications. In the event that we ignore a portion of the spaces where improvement is required, for example, the logging that can surpass the agreeable sum and the absence of an outsider review, Hotspot Shield is an incredible, reasonable, and amateur amicable VPN stage that will give you maximum velocities because of the execution of its exclusive Catapult Hydra convention, admittance to Netflix and BBC iPlayer, just as tormenting through its P2P-accommodating workers. It can’t be introduced on numerous stages, however the supplier’s determined to changing this is clear in the fuse of help for switches and Android TV.
While your baby wants to enjoy their independence by being the king of their little world and exploring different foods, it is a normal part of the process to become fussy. The baby could eat too little one day or dislike something that is liked too much the other day or avoid new foods the first time they are offered. An important point to remember here is that how active your baby is and how much they are growing determines their appetite. As a result, the appetite can go up and down. Fussy eating becomes a common issue worldwide. A survey in Singapore found nearly half of the parents perceive their child as a fussy eater and a third of them visited a doctor about this behavior. According to a 2016 study, fussy eaters made up over 25% of the children aged 1.5 to 5 years. Although it is all part of the learning and developing process, still you can implement some simple yet wonderful tips mentioned here to reduce the risk of raising a fussy eater. Let’s get started and be confident that you are rightly helping your little one grow into a healthy and happy foodie. Mealtimes are the happy times: Make mealtime stress-free and pleasant. Keep in mind that the readiness to try food depends greatly on the surrounding environment. Encourage fearless food exploration. Don’t worry about the mess created but let the baby fully enjoy the food. Excessive cleaning during eating or not allowing the baby to touch the food are not good ideas at all. In a study at the University of Eastern Finland, those children who engaged in classroom activities like hands-on time with fruits and veggies by either cooking, baking, or growing them are more likely to pick them at the mealtime. So touching and becoming friends with food is important. Mealtimes are the family times: Wash your little one’s hands, put them in the high chair, and bring them near the family table. This process will make them understand that it is mealtime. As a role model for your little one, practice healthy food habits and establish a positive eating environment. Your child will learn to do the same. Let them observe that you are ready to try new foods and it will serve as a good start for them, too. Seeing other family members and friends having a particular food will also motivate them to try it. Mealtimes are the fun times: Your little one may find other activities more exciting than spending the time eating. You have to make eating a fun activity. Introduce finger foods and other interesting shapes according to their oral motor skills. Sometimes making a complete garden such as flowers, leaves, bees, etc with the food helps. Different veggies like carrots and baby spinach along with cheese can help you in this task. Sometimes you may have to take your baby to the zoo by making a monkey and a banana with the food. Bread and omelet pieces also turn into a great lion. It all depends on your creativity and what your baby likes more. Daily bringing up a new interesting scenario with some new foods included per week along with the previous ones that the baby likes is a great idea. Different food games can also work in this regard. Secondly, engage your little ones in the food preparation by letting them do some small steps that are easy for them. They will be proud and happier to try the food they contributed to making. Mealtimes are the mindful times: Yes, no distractions, please. It is now time for food and full attention to food. Generally, it has become a trend that little ones engage in watching cartoons or poems while eating. Being absorbed in these side activities they may become desensitized to their fullness feeling and eat more, but it is not a good habit in the long run. It may turn the baby fussier when no such entertainment is there. From the very start, inculcate the healthy habit of mindful eating and make food and family the real focus and entertainment at the mealtime. This helps the little one become aware of their body needs. Mealtimes are the regular fixed times: A regular mealtime with a fixed time limit, let’s say 20 minutes, is best to keep the fun happening. Too much time for the meal may not keep it fun anymore. If the baby is not done with the food during this period and also doesn’t seem interested in having more, take the food away and don’t give it till the next meal or snack time. Being hungry helps a lot to eat well and try new foods. Small at the start helps: At the start, instead of forcing the baby to eat the whole meal, you can just make the baby lick the new ingredient. It may lead them to try a mouthful. Additionally, don’t overwhelm the little one with large portions but serve small child-appropriate portions according to the age. Forcing never helps: Forcing your baby to try new foods or eat more can result in making them fussier. Never do this. Make it a comfortable and enjoyable process for both you and the baby. Be patient and wait for the numerous opportunities ahead to try new foods. Introducing new food several times helps: Your little one may be afraid to try new food the first time you offer it. Introduce it several times with some familiar foods. Seeing it many times will make them courageous enough to try it. According to a study, a new veggie is accepted by your little one when it has been offered several times. Dipping sauce and light seasonings also work well for introducing new foods. Giving the baby independence helps: Offer a variety of colorful healthy nutritious foods from all food groups and then let the little ones explore and decide what they want to eat, how to eat it, and how much. Sometimes, limiting the food options to 2 to 3 helps prevent the baby from getting overwhelmed or confused in choosing. You can also make them choose from a series of options. For example, to eat or not to eat, what to eat from the 2 foods available and how much to eat. Focusing on fussy behavior too much never helps: Never give attention to the fussy behavior, rather ignore it, as the attention can sometimes make the little one continue becoming fussier. Refusing the food does not always mean they dislike it, but they just want to assert their independence or see your upset reaction. Similarly, any punishment for fussy behavior will also make the little one associate a negative feeling with the food. Keep calm, wait a few minutes and then take the food away to offer it some other time. If you have a healthy energetic little one, it means their food needs are getting fulfilled properly. But if your little one is eating very little most of the time or not eating a particular food group for a long time and is also not feeling healthy, consult your child’s pediatrician or dietician and get guidance accordingly. Implementing these simple tips from the very beginning is great for reducing the risk of raising a fussy eater. Creating a positive, comfortable and healthy eating environment makes the journey exciting and enjoyable with little fuss and frustration. A healthy relationship with food requires keeping a balance between your little ones independence – giving preference to their choices, and making sure that a wide variety of food options are introduced to them. Don’t worry if your efforts fail at first, it is a long process and with time things will start to make sense.
Crown Moldings are primarily used as an accessory and to give final touch to your backsplash art work. We strives with an emphasis on high quality decorative moldings manufactured with stringent quality controls and unsurpassed customer service. You can now buy molding as well as all of our decorative products and get some of the best prices offered online Shadesofstone is a leading online store in the US, offering an endless selection of floor tiles, glass mosaic tiles and landscaping products including pavers and ledger panels. You would be floored with our lowest prices. We promise to cater the quality floor and wall tiles. Shadesofstone.com offers a mammoth selection. from over 35 countries, of handpicked and most in-demand tiles. We supply and cater to most of the tile dealers near you. With 15 warehouse locations across Northern America, including Canada, we can deliver these tiles to your doorstep at striking fast times and best prices. Enjoy low freight rates due to our shipping volume. Please call us on (855)-984-1870 or send us email on email@example.com for your next project.
Unlocked Samsung Galaxy A50 (8/10) This Samsung Galaxy A50 is unlocked and has a clean IMEI for activation. It will work with GSM providers: Rogers, Telus, Bell, Fido, Koodo, Virgin Mobile, ChatR, Freedom Mobile, Vidéotron, etc. Clean ESN (What is ESN?) / Ready to be Activated / Not iCloud Locked / No Contracts or Strings Attached - 6+ Years in business buying and selling quality smartphones & tablets – So we have a lot of experience in this kind of business. - Thousands of happy customers (see customer reviews) – Also, do not hesitate to review our products. - Our customers’ satisfaction is our main priority – If you are not satisfied with a product, please contact us so that we can look after your concerns. - 30 day returns (see returns policy) – Then you will be sure to be satisfy of your purchase.
I'm back bitches. I'm taking delivery next week, but I figured it wasn't too early to come in here and fuck wit yall. I'm getting old and figured it was time to get a proper old mans car. Plus starting a family and all that. Rear camaro shocks aren't cutting it. They are bottoming out on the regular. Anyone have any experience with stiffer shorter shocks that will mount up in the behind of my cressida wagon?
FORMER Boro midfielder Gary O’Neil may be forced to quit football. The 27-year-old suffered a serious ankle ligament injury during the Hammers’ clash with Aston Villa last Saturday. He underwent surgery on Wednesday and, according to a report in a national newspaper today, O’Neil won’t play for at least eight months and has reportedly been told he has only a 50% chance of playing again. The paper also claims that if the injury results in O’Neil being forced to retire, the player will consider taking legal action against Villa’s Nigel Reo-Coker, who made the challenge at Upton Park. O’Neil, pictured, moved to West Ham from Boro in January. Scottish midfielder Barry Robson, meanwhile, admitted today that he has never been fully fit all season. A run of injuries, which began in pre-season, particularly to his thigh and foot, means that he has failed to reach his maximum level of fitness. That’s why Robson aims to punish himself during the summer - so that fans will see the best of him next season. A gruelling summer training schedule will ensure he is ready for the new campaign. Robson, one of the Boro squad’s key players, said: “It’s always been a catch up situation for me. There’s been one thing after another. “I’ve never been 100% at any time. “Whenever I have come back, I always seemed to pick something else up. There are some games that I have just got by in. “Hopefully I will get a pre-season this summer and get in a full season next year.” Robson missed part of the pre-season programme last year because of a thigh strain and, except for a 10-match run at the start of the campaign, it’s been stop-start all the way. Robson is looking forward to making his third consecutive start at Hull City tomorrow.
With Party catering, you will definitely get a food items choice to your visitors. The cooking support in just a party or reaching is essential. It needs to cook party caterer most impeccably and completely. This process will guarantee acceptance in the bash since food items is an important factor in any meeting. This offer approach needs to be produced properly by selecting the expertise of specific businesses. To have an outstanding Party caterer, you must glance at the researching the market procedure. This technique inside the prep from the holiday seasons is essential to be able to have all things in get. The investigative element inside their abilities is a part of the management buy from the related celebration. Due to this process, it will be possible to use the company’s services that be perfect for your cookery demands. It provides licensed and accepted internet pages for example premium squawk promise an effective catering for a party. Thanks to its large catalog, it is going to permit an option customized to your require via its culinary arts range. This amazing site is among the most important on the internet thanks to its usefulness and productive assistance. By means of its diversity of food list, its adaptability to any party is wonderful, guaranteeing the effectiveness of cookery services. This specific service produces appeal and receptivity in folks since not all people provides the time to get ready food. Because of these businesses, they are able to build other prep elements throughout the get together without difficulties. The performance which it really works is shown within its preparing food procedure along with its refined menu as in palm snacks. This adaptation process allows them to attain a lot more clients thanks to their culinary arts breadth and culmination productivity. Exquisite squawk effectiveness The work procedure for this provider is because of its professionalism and reliability within the market place along with its breadth of support. Buying a Party catering with the services of this website, you will definately get cookery benefits. Because of their distinct selections, their job productivity can be a guarantor with their breadth inside the industry. The necessity of your projects boosts the sleek receptivity inside the selecting of your respective professional services.
In everyday life, until you stop and think about it, you don’t necessarily realize how many things around us are made from glass. From home and office windows to mirrors to shower walls to shelves and more, glass remains an ever-present facet of our lives. But have you ever think about how it’s made? How are glass panels and mirrors cut to the appropriate size? How do they get installed – whether in windows, frames, or any other format? In this article, we’ll dig into these questions in greater detail. We’ll look at glass and mirror cutting services and glass and mirror replacement and installation services, what the differences are between these service providers, the various categories of glass products they work with, how glass cutting is performed, and how glass and mirror replacement and installation provided in some different settings. That information will help consumers to find and engage with expert glass and mirror cutting services and glass and mirror replacement and installation services regardless of their specific project needs. Foremost, is there the difference between glass and mirror cutting services and glass and mirror replacement and installation services providers? While many glass service companies perform all these different services, there are also many who specialize in one of the other. Glass and mirror cutting services, as their name implies, are primarily focused on glass and mirror cutting. They may also process the underlying glass, as there are many different types of glass blends for various applications. By contrast, glass and mirror replacement and installation services take the finished, cut glass, and either replace existing glass installations or install new glass items. The categories in which glass and mirror cutting services and glass and mirror replacement and installation services operate are numerous and varied. Some work in only one specific class, such as auto glass. Others may work in many types of glass applications. It depends on the individual provider and capabilities. There are many categories or sectors of business that rely on glass and mirror cutting services and glass and mirror replacement and installation services. Likewise, some glass and mirror cutting services and glass and mirror replacement and installation services may be highly specialized to one or few service sectors. Others are more along with the order of generalists, and service in many areas. Some of the most common categories that depend on these companies include: While the other specialized uses for glass are quite impressive, they are outside the scope of this article. Here, we’re mostly focusing on the general-purpose and home-related companies who cut, replace and install glass, windows and doors, furniture and décor, bath and showers, and similar uses. From a consumer standpoint, most glass and mirror cutting services are generally focused on providing contractors, builders, or individual home consumers with cut-to-size glass and mirror panels and sheets. These are most often used for home or office construction and renovation, for things like windows, doors, skylights, and similar. At the same time, these companies may also provide industrial or commercial consumers with cut-to-fit panels for things like furniture construction, bath and shower wall installation, automotive production, and more. In both cases, glass and mirror cutting services begin by purchasing various sizes and densities of multiple types of glass to use as initial cutting stock. When an order comes in, they select and transport some of the initial cutting stock to the cutting area. There, they use various methods to cut the glass to the exact dimensions required by the order, before packaging it up and shipping it out or arranging pickup with the customer. For glass cutting, several methods can be used. Consumers alike can use a ruler or straightedge, cutting knife or wheel, and some other necessary equipment to score the glass or mirror, and then forcefully break it along the score. It is undoubtedly a less precise way to cut glass than professional cutting equipment, but it gets the job done. Glass and mirror cutting services usually have a mechanical means to cut glass, especially “on-site,” often they have service trucks where they do that kind of work. In more extensive operations, or back at a base of operations or warehouse, glass and mirror cutting services often use more elaborate, computer-controlled versions of glass cutting devices, which can make various styles and depths of cuts, pre-programmed or operator-controlled, at very high speed and throughput. Most often, consumers will interact with glass and mirror cutting services in their own homes, as part of a service call to replace window glass, auto glass, or similar. In these cases, the glass cutting is performed with portable plasma cutters or traditional glass cutting. Glass and mirror replacement and installation services perform the replacement and installation tasks once the glass or mirror(s) are cut down to the right size. Since a lot of this work may involve making minor adjustments or doing custom work on the site of a job, you can see why these companies are usually one and the same. The exact nature of the glass and mirror replacement and installation services’ work process depends on what kind of glass or mirror replacement they are undertaking. In almost all cases, if it’s a replacement of an existing piece of glass or mirror, they will first remove the current item, clean and prep the intended installation area, and then perform their installation tasks. Some common examples of the kinds of things glass and mirror replacement and installation services provide include: These are solely a few of the many things that glass, and mirror replacement and installation services can do for consumers. As with most artisans, the only real limit is price, physics, and imagination. In conclusion, glass and mirrors play an important role in many of the structural and decorative elements of our homes, offices, cars, and other things we interact daily. Glass and mirror cutting services are the experts who cut glass down to size to fit for a use, whether in a consumer setting or industrial one. Glass and mirror replacement and installation services, which are often the same glass cutting company, perform the replacement and installation tasks that utilize glass and mirrors, such as window replacement and home furnishing installation. Together, these skill sets ensure consumers can have high-quality, custom-fit glass and mirror panels for whatever their needs may be.
As we draw closer to the end of 2015, Team SPICE are looking back on the year and the stylish stars who made it one to remember. Below are just some of the stars we unanimously agreed made 2015 in terms of style, from Beyonce and Blue’s twintastic looks, to our favourite homegrown babes who consistently slayed with their fashion sense. Take a look and tell us how our list compares to yours. Is 2016 going to be the year of Yemi Alade? All sources from 2015 point to yes. This songstress has really grown over the last 365 days and has taken the Nigerian fashion industry by storm – not just by bagging the award for ‘Most Stylish Female Celebrity’ at African Fashion Week Nigeria, but by becoming launching her Yemi Alade Collection of jewels, proving herself to be a style star in her own right. We can’t wait to see what she has up her sleeves for next year. Whenever Rita Dominic hits the red carpet, all eyes are on her, as her arresting looks compliment pretty much anything she wears. But this actress knows how to wear everything well, whatever the occasion – from her regal look at the 2015 AMVCAs to the polarising look at the opening of AFRIFF. It’s always refreshing to see a star with the balls to step off Nollywood’s formulaic and sometimes tepid red carpet style standards and we are grateful for Rita’s wardrobe throughout 2015.READ MORE: SEE THE STARS CELEBRATE XMAS’15 AT RITA’S ANNUAL PARTY! It’s been two years since we (and the rest of the world) started our love affair with this Academy Award winner called Lupita Nyong’o, but her winning streak continues as she manages to seize Hollywood’s spotlight time and again. This year she made such a venture look like the easiest and chicest thing in the world, and if her 2015 red carpet appearances are anything to go by, she will remain a hot commodity at events in 2016. Love her or hate her, there’s a reason Kim Kardashian-West continues to top style lists year after year, and 2015 was no different. You can put it down to her figure or her stylists, but whether you admit it or not, Kim influences fashion around the world, period – and with designer friends like Karl Lagerfeld, Natalia Alaverdian, Olivier Rousteing and more on speed dial, and a husband who likes to give her wardrobe a refresh every now and again, you bet she will be on the list of stylish stars for 2016, too. Truly Kardashian, little Miss North West is already dominating headlines and tabloids, and has done so all year round thanks to her amazing outfits. It’s easy to forget that she’s a 2-year-old, with designer labels making up her wardrobe and both her mum Kim, and dad Kanye West styling her up like their mini-me. From her fashion week debut to her post-ballet class outfits, North continues to keep our attention with ostentatious outfits and she has been a huge source of fashion inspiration throughout 2015.READ MORE: STYLE SIGNS NORI WILL BE AN EXCELLENT BIG SIS’ A certified fashionista, Mercy Aigbe always has tongues wagging on the red carpet and for good reason – 2015 providing proof. The award-winning Nollywood actress popped up at all major events this year and looked great at every occasion, but most importantly, the stylish star consistently revamped her style and fed our thirst for seeing her fashion sense in the future. Celebrity TV host, Toke Makinwa has been walking red carpets in Nigeria for years now, and will certainly be doing so for years to come, judging by the 2015 she’s had.READ MORE: SEE TOKE’S FAB XMAS PHOTOSHOOT! Despite dramas with her husband and the media, mid year, the stylish star proved that while she may need fill in the gaps in order to shake off the many rumours out there, there is definitely zero blank spaces when it comes to her wardrobe. Ms Makinwa was certainly seen on all the important red carpets this year and nailed every one with her ensemble look, so even if her ears are burning, the girl’s wardrobe is on fire! Beyonce & Blue – As a Duo An inspiration to millions of style seekers, Queen Bey and her daughter with Jay Z, Blue Ivy make a power fashion duo that clubs sophistication, sassiness and practicality together with ease.READ MORE: GET MATCHING MOTHER-DAUGHTER SHADES LIKE BEY & BLUE IVY! While Blue still has a good decade before she starts strutting the red carpet alongside her mother, we already know it will be spectacular when it happens, simply because of the amazing twin-tastic looks they pulled out in 2015. Showing off major twinning stunts and whetting our appetite for what is to come, their mother-daughter style remained as on-point as Bey is on beat, proving the duo exudes not just charisma, but the power of two – in true fashion. A much more confident Zainab Balogun emerged in 2015, and nowhere was this more evident than on the red carpet. The actress, presenter and model seemed to able to bring a touch of sexiness to her looks while maintaining a newfound sophistication, and she has totally bypassed all awkward newbie moments and settled straight into her limelight like a pro. How could she not make this list of stylish stars for 2015? OK, so Kerry Washington can look exquisite in just about anything and this year, we weren’t short of the proof. No doubt one of the ladies who took 2015 in terms of TV and acting, Ms Washington also took the title when it comes to style, with the Hollywood star getting more gorgeous and stylish as the year drew on. We’ve been just as thrilled to see her on the red carpets throughout 2015 as we are to see the mother of one rock 2016’s. Currently wearing the title of ‘print queen’ and ‘selfie queen’ simultaneously, with her regular outfit updates on social media, womenswear designer Lisa Folawiyo is effortlessly classy as never fails to make heads turn with her impeccable sartorial choices.READ MORE: 5 TIMES LISA FOLAWIYO INSPIRED US TO WEAR METALLIC Known to rock designer labels from head-to-toe, she always gets it right and as well as seeming to come down with a case of the Benjamin Buttons (is it us or does she just get younger and younger?!), this ace designer stayed flawless all through 2015. With a body and a face as stunning as Ciara’s, it’s easy to make any ensemble look amazing enough to get jaws dropping. Whether attending an awards show, stepping out to shop or having a date night over at the White House, the singer had all eyes on her and her outfits all year long, using her wardrobe to almost reinvent herself after birthing her son. Aside from stunning looks, CiCi also knows how to rock the red carpet without going too wild and straying into OTT territory, which is typical of stars returning to the limelight. With every look Ciara pulled out in 2015, she certainly showed us she was back and here to slay! This singer continued to catch our eye this year with her quirky, monochrome and red palette-d dress sense. 2015 through Janelle’s wardrobe showed us that hats, capes and eclectic menswear pieces are bound to remain staples in her world, and although her style is very original as well as a little predictable, Ms Monae has made quite the impression with fashion critics. Thus, we can’t wait to see her red carpet style evolve in 2016. The ultimate cool girl on the Lagos scene, stylist and designer Bubu Ogisi continues to impress with her minimal and modern style. Never afraid to break tried and true style rules, this is one talent whose wardrobe we loved to watch out for. And she certainly set some trends left right and center during 2015 with the things she pulled together. From the dreadlocks at the centre of all that controversy at the 2015 Oscar Awards, to getting her own Barbie and unveiling her wax figure at Madam Tussads, this year has been the year of Zedanya – and we’ve been happy about that fact because she has a wardrobe worthy of all her achievements. One of Time’s list of Most Influential Teens in 2015, the TV star and singer always manages to infuse her signature urban and youthful vibe into looks for even the most strict event dress codes, and she did score the attention of style mavens everywhere after rocking red carpets in some of the most stunning outfits. Following her newly revealed “Be Yourself” spread in Vogue Magazine’s January’16 edition, Zedanya is also already taking 2016, too. Ghanaian actress and film producer, often referred to Africa’s Kim Kardashian, Juliet Ibrahim upped the ante this year with exciting fashion choices and daring beauty looks. Her striking looks compliment pretty much anything she wears and throughout 2015, the star was spotted in gorgeous ensembles and proven that she knows how to wear everything well, whatever the occasion. Another chic style we can’t wait to watch in 2016. The beauty is know to accentuate her figure in flattering silhouettes, switches her hair up regularly and seems to have a thing for shades. In short, she’s an inspiration. Actress, DJ, mother and sibling to megastar Beyonce, Solange is a style icon who has since been making waves in the fashion industry with her quirky, covetable looks for a few years now. But all the way through 2015, we saw her rocking her signature artsy ensembles, formed of bold colours, big hair, and beautiful ethnic-inspired prints – all with sublime sophistication and effortlessness. We certainly have her pinned down as inspiration for style next year too. Singer, songwriter, composer, performer and producer, Temi Phil-Ebosie – better known as Temi Dollface – has mastered pulling off a quirky and unique look; one’s where hats and vintage wear play a key role. While we haven’t seen her on quite as many red carpets this year, the low key events she’s shown up at have proved that her sense of dress is worthy noting. And watching out for in 2016 too. And last but by no means least, we come to this Barbadian bombshell, who left us awestruck so many times this year, it is getting difficult to keep count. Rihanna can literally wear anything and does just that, by embracing all and every trend out there, but the spectacular part is that she always completely nails it, no matter how risqué the look is. Rih made huge fashion statements all through 2015, especially on the red carpet, and we can not wait to see what risky ensembles she dons in the coming year because, truth be told, it’s partly why we love her so much. But whose wardrobe do you think made 2015 so stylish? Tell us your best-dressed stars of 2015 below in the comments box or online @SPICETVAFRICA. Image source: Selectastyle.com, Drcici.files.wordpress.com, 360nobs.com, Popsugar.com, Huffingtonpost.com, Celebmafia.com, Dailymail.co.uk, Independent.ie, Stargist.com, Weddingdigestnaija.com, Onobello.com, Fashionfeeva.com, Acceleratetv.com, Bellanaija.com, Olisatv.com, Latinpost.com, Glamourmagazine.co.uk, Eonline.com, Gotceleb.com, Fabmansion.com, Fashionnstyle.com, Pulse.ng , Trilogy.in, Fashionpheeva.com, Tumblr.com, Hawtcelebs.com, @Bubuogisi, Ibtimes.co.uk, Usmagazine.com, Omogemura.com, Marieclaire.com, Fashionbombdaily.com, Fashionpoliceng.com, Bunmiodunowo.com
Of course the engineers invited the drones. They performed brilliantly. Given a starring role in the formal Aug. 26 debut of CU Boulder’s $10 million Aerospace Engineering Sciences Building, the pair of Phantom 4 Pros did just what they were supposed to — hoist a six-foot white ribbon from the lawn and gently deliver it to the front of the dignitaries’ stage. There, leaning over the edge, benefactor Ann Smead snapped her scissors. A cheer went up, and so did the drones, which shot skyward. The new 178,000-square-foot East Campus building, home of the Ann and H.J. Smead Department of Aerospace Engineering Sciences, includes a bioastronautics lab, a payload operations center with a real-time communications link to the International Space Station and an indoor drone testing space. Days earlier, NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine dropped by, meeting with students, professors, university leaders and business executives. NASA provides more research money to CU Boulder than to any other public university, and it spends more in Colorado than in any other state. “Science books have been rewritten based on what comes out of Colorado,” Bridenstine said. Photo by Glenn Asakawa
SPC Vinyl Flooring is perfect for both residential spaces and commercial settings. The rigid core construction provides maximum stability and impact resistance, hides sub-floor imperfections and guarantees lasting performance. The phthalate-free, stain and dents resistant benefits ensures a perfect flooring solution for your whole family. Vibrant designs and textures combined with 100% waterproof planks provide a new floor look for years to come. |Dimentional stability/ EN ISO 23992||Passed| |Abrasion resistance/ EN 660-2||Passed| |Sound rating||67 STC| |Slip resistance/ DIN 51130||Passed| |Heat resistance/ EN 425||Passed| |Static load/ EN ISO 24343||Passed| |Wheel caster resistance/ Pass EN 425||Passed| |Impact insulation class||73 IIC| |Chemical resistance/ EN ISO 26987||Passed| |Smoke density/ EN ISO 9293/ EN ISO 11925||Passed| We adhere to the “Service first and Quality supreme “for the purpose and,strive for making contribution for development of world first class product.
Welcome to visit us[email protected] GT Wash amp Go is very effective at removing laitance, oil, grease and road film. GT Wash amp Go is not classified as a corrosive, so is safe to use. Phosphate, soda and potash free, it was designed to meet the various requirements of applicators in terms of effectiveness, safety, use and impact on Prestige also uses a surface cleaner instead of a regular pressure washing wand giving, your concrete an even superior cleaning. A surface cleaner is a large, circular, rotating, machine that cleans anywhere from 8-24 of the surface with one pass. Hardened concrete can be crushed to make an excellent base material with a lot of great uses today. In both cases, you are recouping value for material that otherwise is a financial negative for you. If you have a mountain of old concrete at your site, consider the opportunities for recycling that material Re-purpose excess concrete Sales and Use Tax on Construction, Improvements, Installations and Repairs. GT-800067 R.0914 Jun 24, 2021 Concrete curing and concrete drying are two different processes. Curing is the process of hardening that begins immediately after the concrete is poured. The concrete curing process is usually mostly complete after 28 days or so. However, the concrete will continue to harden further for a significant amount of time after that. The concrete has a porous surface, allowing the ink to seep into the tiny crevices. Washing the surface with water does not remove the ink since it requires a cleaner that pulls it to the surface. A product such as turpentine lifts the ink, allowing it to be scrubbed away from the concrete. Concrete block brushes. Weber is one of the leading suppliers of special brushes for concrete block production. Introduced in the early 1970s, Webers original strip brush has set the standard in terms of quality and performance. These standards are still valid today. Test any cleaning agent in an inconspicuous area of concrete to check for discoloration or damage before using it elsewhere. Scrub with TSP Most stain removal procedures begin with the gentlest cleaning methods and proceed to the most drastic, and in the case of paint overspray on concrete, scrubbing with soap and water is the gentlest method. May 14, 2015 0403 - Source CNN. Concrete that can heal itself. The bioconcrete is mixed just like regular concrete, but with an extra ingredient the healing agent.. It remains intact during mixing ... Jul 14, 2020 Be sure to use concrete sealer with a good, anti-slip rating. A low-sheen is best as it allows for easy cleaning. Kilz makes a concrete sealer that is ideal for this kind of application. The best part is you can choose a new color for your garage or concrete basement floor to get your floor looking just how you want, then seal it. Oct 20, 2020 Using colored concrete to break up large areas. Multiple colors can be used side-by side to break up large areas. Also, color can be paired with other decorative techniques such as stamping see patterns, sawcutting, brooming, or sandblasting to make the look even more personal.Another option for breaking up large areas of colored concrete is insetting materials such as granite, marble, tile ... A stamped concrete entry offers great curb appeal. Five Star Concrete Solutions, Howell, MI. A polished concrete floor in a living space of a local home. Romer Decorative Solutions, Canton, MI. Warm days can be a blast when relaxing by the pool on this stained and stamped concrete Bulk powder packaging clients with concrete powder or copier toner like its sweeping power without it blowing dust everywhere. The battery powers the sweeper for over 4 hours on a single charge and the sweeping broom is self adjusting for wear. GT Floor Sweeper Specs Dimensions L x W x H 58 x 31 x 38 Weight 450 lbs. Although concrete is a very hard and durable material, it is porous and absorbs stains and holds odors. If your cat has urinated on your unsealed indoor or outdoor concrete, you need to use chemicals stronger than typical household cleaning products to remove the ammonia smell for good. Concrete Rust Remover is an effective way to remove stains left by battery acid on concrete. This is a common problem that occurs when batteries from golf carts or other vehicles leak. It may take a little extra scrubbing, but the stains will be removed. Jul 29, 2019 One soap that will truly remove oil from concrete is Mrs. Meyers Clean Day Multi-Surface Concentrate. Its a natural-ingredient liquid soap sold in big 32-ounce bottles and is usually diluted for general household cleaning. Other natural soaps may work just as well, but any product should be used in concentrated form when cleaning up oil stains. Apr 19, 2021 A pressure washer is a useful tool for removing paint from concrete. Note that poured concrete is likely to better withstand high-pressure cleaning treatments than covered concrete. Its often useful to do pressure washing as the last part of cleaning the concrete Oct 19, 2016 4 Make sure the concrete porch is completely dry. 5 Avoid painting exterior concrete in the winter or during cold weather. 6 Allow 2 weeks of hot low humidity weather before painting. 7 Paint the concrete porch when the temperature is above 65 F or 19 C. 8 Use one coat of Heavy Duty Concrete Primer Sealer to prime and seal ... Concrete Cleaning Solutions, LLC, Simmesport, Louisiana. 305 likes 1 talking about this. Simmesport, LA Baton Rouge, LA -Concrete Surface Cleaning -Home or Equipment Pressure Washing... We offer professional commercial pressure washing services. Let So Clean pressure wash your commercial property, or retail storefront building. Having a clean gas station concrete pad or restaurant storefront exterior not only helps maintain your property, but its also the first thing customers see when they drive by or pull in. True Blue Concrete Cleaning, Sydney, Australia. 57 likes. True Blue Concrete Cleaning aims to provide high-quality pressure washing services for our valued customers. Our Take care of materials. 4 gammes de produits pour nettoyer, prot ger et embellir les mat riaux de la construction. Protection. Decoration and protection. Treatment and hardening. Cleaner and stripper. Individuals. Building professionals. Concrete industrials. Available in multiple locations to accommodate various connection sizes and elevations. Round or rectangular shapes available per design specifications. Knock-outs are easily broken with a hammer for a desired fit. Specs amp Guides. Model GT-2000. Material Concrete. Height 6 4. Width 5. 500 Gallon Septic Tank. 1,000 Gallon Septic Tank. 1,000 Gallon Low Profile Septic Tank. 1,000 Gallon Two Compartment Septic Tank. 1,500 Gallon Septic Tank. 1,500 Gallon Low Pressure Dose tank. 3,500 Gallon High Capacity.
The shapes of objects Paul Cézanne is often described as the father of Modern art. He was one of the first artists to be interested in shapes or forms for their own sake instead of the subjects they represented. Most painters of the time painted light and shade as they saw it. Cézanne saw all the objects he painted as three-dimensional shapes and he liked to use his brushstrokes to make them clear. He said, ‘Everything in nature takes its forms from the sphere, the cone and the cylinder. Look at this painting of a basket of apples and the graphic of a cone, a sphere and a cylinder. The wine bottle has the shape of a cone with a cylinder for the base and a narrower cylinder for the neck. When you eat an apple you know it has a hollow in the top and the bottom but Cézanne has made most of his apples look much more spherical. You can see he was enjoying the other shapes too – the round bowl and basket and the books underneath them, the folds in the cloth and the pile of bread rolls.
The custom of honoring ancestors by cleaning cemeteries and decorating graves is an ancient and worldwide tradition, but the specific origin of Memorial Day, or Decoration Day as it was first known, are unclear. In early rural America, this duty was usually performed in late summer and was an occasion for family reunions and picnics. After the Civil War, America’s need for a secular, patriotic ceremony to honor its military dead became prominent, as monuments to fallen soldiers were erected and dedicated, and ceremonies centering on the decoration of soldiers’ graves were held in towns and cities throughout the nation. No less than 25 places have been named in connection with the origin of Memorial Day, and for many years, states observed the holiday on different dates. By federal law, however, Memorial Day is now celebrated on the last Monday in May. Since it all started with the Civil War, you might want to brush up on your knowledge of this event by visiting the Library of Congress Civil War collection, which includes more than a thousand photographs. My understanding is that there are a couple of words that were derived from sailing, one being “posh” and the other being “news.” What are the true origins of these words, and is it true that they are derived from sail of old? The origin of posh” is obscure.The most seen explanation for the origin ascribes it to the days of the British Empire in the 19th (and early 20th) century when there was constant steamship travel between England and India. In those pre-air conditioning days, it was unbearably hot crossing the Indian Ocean, and the coolest cabins were the most sought after. That meant, when traveling east, those on the port side; sailing west, those on the starboard. Consequently, those passengers who could afford the luxury booked “Port Outward/Starboard Homeward” or “P.O.S.H.” The acronym thus became a synonym for whatever is first-class or luxurious. A more likely definition is that it is a word from Romany, the language of Gypsies, meaning half. The word originally entered England’s underworld in the 17th century in such compounds as posh-houri, meaning half-pence, and soon became a slang term for money in general. And then the meaning changed to expensive or fancy.”News” has no nautical origin that we know of. It’s the plural of “new” and is from the old French word for new — noveles. Its original meaning was “new things, novelties,” and eventually came to encompass “tidings, or an account of recent events and occurrences brought as new information.” Now we use it in the singular form, but until this century the plural form was used.” Advice of the Day To clean pine pitch from your hands, rub them well with a glob of mayonnaise, then wash. Home Hint of the Day The deeper the soil, the deeper the roots will go, allowing plants to take in more water and nutrients on their own. So, when using a tiller or plow, turn over a good 10 to 12 inches of soil. Word of the Day The state of Iowa may have received its name from a Native American word meaning “beautiful land.” Puzzle of the Day My first is a verb; add to me one letter, and I become an insect; add another, and I become a kind of vegetable; add two more letters, and I become the name of another insect. Pierre-Joseph-Olivier Chauveau(first premier of Quebec after Confederation)– Norman Cota(U.S. brigadier general)– Howard Hawks(director of film)– Mel Blanc(voice of Bugs Bunny and other characters)– Benny Goodman(musician & bandleader)– Wynonna Judd(country music singer)– Manny Ramirez(baseball player)– Perry Ellis(fashion designer)– Gus Wickstrom(retired farmer who used pig spleens to forecast the weather [claimed 90% accuracy])– U.S. and Mexico ratifications of Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo exchanged at Queretaro. (Treaty was originally signed on Feb. 2, 1848.)– First U.S. national celebration of Memorial (Decoration) Day took place in the Arlington National Cemetery of Virginia– First 500 mile automobile race at Indianapolis Speedway was held– Lincoln Memorial dedicated in Washington, D.C.– From Cape Kennedy, Florida, the U.S. launched Mariner 9, first spacecraft to orbit another planet– Thirteen-year-old Arvind Mahankali, of Bayside Hills, New York, correctly spelled knaidel to become the champion of the 2013 Scripps National Spelling Bee, in Oxon Hill, Maryland– Boston Red Sox outfielder Jacoby Ellsbury stole five bases during his team’s 9-2 win against the Philadelphia Phillies. It was a club record.– May 30-31: 8 co-champions were declared for the Scripps Spelling Bee– Massive flooding of Columbia River caused dike break that destroyed Vanport, Oregon– Hanford, Washington, had a temperature of 104 degrees F–
Through his more than twenty-five (25) years in practice, Dan has litigated cases from a wide range of practice areas. His litigation experience includes all manner of personal injury cases, commercial disputes, contracts, estate and will contests, civil fraud, real estate litigation, and employment discrimination on behalf of clients in both the state and federal courts of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Dan has tried many cases to verdict in fourteen counties surrounding Philadelphia and Camden, on both sides of the Delaware River. Dan focuses his practice on obtaining justice for individuals and their families who have been harmed in automobile accidents, trucking and tractor-trailer accidents, premises liability (slip and fall cases), medical negligence, municipal tort liability, nursing home negligence, elder abuse, employment litigation, and wrongful death litigation. Dan also represents clients for traffic violations, including DUI/DWI. Dan is a founding member of the American Association of Premier DUI Attorneys (AAPDA), an organization dedicated to enhancing the effectiveness of advocacy through education, training, and professionalism. Joint Certificate in Law and Anatomy, Law and Medicine, Temple University Beasley School of Law and Temple University School of Medicine, 2014 LL. M. in Trial Advocacy, 2003, Temple University Beasley School of Law J.D., 1992 Widener University School of Law B.A., 1986, English, Temple University Dan is admitted to practice in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit American Bar Association New Jersey State Bar Association Pennsylvania Bar Association Delaware County Bar Association Pennsylvania Association for Justice (PAAJ) New Jersey Association for Justice (NJAJ) American Association of Premier DUI Attorneys (AAPDA)
Element: Earth Zodiac Sign: Capricorn Planets: Mercury/Saturn Restriction of Movement, Release of energy or power Self inflicted restrictions or decisions Lack of clear thinking Number 8: Some of the positive meanings of the number 8 are; acknowledging error, regeneration, restricted movement, results of victory, conclusion of a cycle. Negative meanings: Lack of persistence, because it is all too hard. Spiritual progress. generosity, expansion. Emotionally: Resigned to the fact, giving up, determined to succeed, enthusiasm The swords on the card: Cutting implement, insight as in getting right to the bottom of something, defensive action, authority, conflict, triumph against the odds. justice and law, natural authority. The blindfold: Unwilling to see the reality of what is right in front of you or a situation Binding: Limitation in current events usually self imposed, not willing to take action or accountability. This card points to being a prisoner of your own making. A woman stands bound and blindfolded; with swords to either side of her. She must navigate a narrow path in front of her. One foot touches the water. That is her left foot and as I have mentioned before the left hand side of the body is ruled by female energy such as intuition emotions etc. The right hand side is male energy, action, earthly, strength and control etc. So in saying this we can deduce that the woman is weighing things up. She must be very careful in this endeavour and would be well advised to remove the blindfold and the body binding in order to see what lies in front of her. Those bindings and blindfold are self inflicted by the way. The restrictions as to what she has done and thus restricting herself to any positive outcomes. She is not willing to face the reality of her own actions. Right behind her is a castle which signifies her power and wealth that she comes from. Signifying, authority, structure, preservation of what was or is. The mountains in the far distance show the long journey that she is on, she cannot turn back either due to her choices or decisions that she made whether for good or bad. Right now she faces major hurdles of her own making and this sums up the world's current situation right now. There does not seem on the surface to be much real authority and structure as things are very much up in the air at present and everyone is feeling defensive and restricted. No clear thinking of what to do to keep things stable. The world is on a precipice right now; one wrong move and boom; things can explode setting in motion a direction that may not be good for humanity and may not be able to be stopped. People are right to be very nervous and cautious. But look behind the scenes of world events right now, there are clear signs of deception and illusion, nothing is by chance. The stage has been set by hidden hands for the chain of events that follow. Things that were set in place many years ago are now “coming home to roost”. Many deals and double deals; lies told to the world. We the people pay the dreadful price. We must tread very carefully right now and actively follow world events because skulduggery is afoot for a long time now and things are about to hit the climax in which the unintended may happen. Petrol is only one of the things to watch right now as well as gas and oil. Don't be surprised if the price is slowed for a short spell especially in Australia due to the federal elections coming up I feel towards the end of May. But as soon as the election is over the price will go back up as expected. Food is the other important thing to watch and many people will not be able to afford basic food items. Because they have to choose between paying a bill or eating this is working people they are the new poor. Now as I look at the card, I see a flash of yellow/golden light cascading down the castle. That can imply happiness and spiritual protection around the home front (family home). The swords stand protectively in front of the castle which is built high up on a rock also implying a fortress and protection. Given that the castle is built on solid rock that gives one a good strong foundation and strength. This all could mean some sort of surprise is instore or financial help for people to stave off deeper financial suffering. My advice is don't play the martyr this month, be very cautious and act wisely. Save what you can and protect what you have. Because it can be gone in an instant as many poor souls have found out already via war, unemployment, floods and natural disasters. Keep realistic in your goals and please heed warnings about travel, money, health and home / family matters. Work out what your priorities are. On a world reading this covers both sides of the Ukraine war. All is not what the public are being told and this is very complex because of other nations actions/ deals and it muddies the water too much. Things have been hidden; that show foreign states hands involved on either sides of the conflict. That information is gradually coming out; however someone will up the stakes to prevent a particular nations involvement being implicated. I will not name this western nation though. This does not look like a good outcome sadly and it is highly distressing, prolonging the suffering of innocent people. I see lots of spring time rain creating a very muddy battle ground in Ukraine over the next few weeks. This may cause a temporary halt to heavy tanks and other heavy equipment being transported. That will slow down a little of the conflict. I see new maps being drawn by Russia. Putin is going after something in particular. If he succeeds this could spell disaster for the Ukrainian people. I feel that this is a particular building of significance, not necessarily the Parliament building, but it will be a big game changer. Europe need to be on their toes and respond quickly but very carefully as they do not want to risk an all out war. Hence the current go slow, which also has a negative effect on the unfortunate civilians. China (CCP) meantime are watching all of this and taking note, rubbing their hands with glee as they have picked up useful information on urban combat etc. But they may just be in for a shock when they go after Taiwan. The have underestimated the people and the counter action. Boy this is a terrible situation and I cannot bear to see people or animals suffering. This is not the way for humanity to behave. The trauma from this will last a very long time and also please give a thought to all animals caught up in the human conflict. I am so glad to see that there has been a new side to humanitarianism; caring for animals is becoming highly important and so it should be. What would a world be without beautiful souls like animals. They give us reason to live and love unconditionally. I am praying for everyone right now. I don't care what side of conflict people are on; through no fault of their own. Sometimes just by being born in a particular place, they pay the most unfortunate price. It is always the ordinary innocent people that suffer. it really upsets me to see people suffering, it is not the way to be. I want people to be safe and protected and I want all animals to be protected. My blessings and warm and fuzzy hugs to all Copyright © Alex Fulford 18 March 2022 Chernobyl radiation ☢️ This may not be the building that I was picking up but if radiation leaks that is a game changer. I just hope they can fix this. https://www.9news.com.au/national/russia-ukraine-updates-besieged-ukrainian-commander-serhiy-volyna-issues-desperate-message-to-the-world/c11422c5-8a7b-49ba-b7a4-c4996594d250 Steel plant, the Russians are seeking control of important industrial plants which are in an area beneficial to them for armament production. Coal and steel are vital resources for Ukraine. https://www.9news.com.au/world/ukrainian-counterattacks-slowing-russian-offensive-in-east/7628c905-5f98-4e06-8395-be0bb3bc1a00 This is the building for sure. My heart goes out to all of the people that are trapped in here. It is a terrifying situation and heaven knows what the outcome will be.
This week marks the official end of ‘Developing Community Action’. The past five years have gone incredibly fast! So what happens next? Funded by National Lottery Players, ‘Developing Community Action’ saw the SSRS team expand to its largest ever staffing level, with ambitious aims to boost our engagement with local communities, build a network of skilled volunteers and, of course, protect red squirrels by managing the spread of grey squirrels in priority areas across Scotland. We’ve faced significant challenges along the way, not least due to the impact of Covid-19, but there is a lot to celebrate, from red squirrels making a comeback in Aberdeen to the network of 18 volunteer groups now taking action across the south of Scotland. And it’s not the end for Saving Scotland’s Red Squirrels. In December we were delighted to announce that the project has secured funding from project partners and the National Lottery Heritage Fund to continue work for another two years, from April 2022 – March 2024. If you volunteer with us you can find out what this means for your group and your area on our Volunteer FAQ page. What will we aim to achieve? Saving Scotland’s Red Squirrels has always been reliant on short-term funding cycles. Over the next two years we want to work with partners and other stakeholders to develop a more sustainable, permanent programme capable of securing the long-term survival of core red squirrel populations of the Highlands, Argyll, North-East Scotland, northern Tayside and Stirling. The programme will also deliver the required support and co-ordination to voluntary groups and individuals actively delivering vital long-term protection of red squirrels in key areas across the country. In this project phase we’ll also continue to carry out vital conservation work in key areas: - In the North East, we’ll continue to reduce the number and spread of grey squirrels in Aberdeen and the surrounding area; and commission scientific advice detailing the approximate timeline and milestones towards eradication. We expect that as grey squirrel numbers continue to fall, the control team will develop a “rapid response” strategy – detecting and removing any remaining grey squirrels until eradication can be achieved. - In the Central Lowlands, we’ll continue to defend the Highland Line by reducing grey squirrel population densities to a level which minimises the spread of grey squirrels and squirrelpox into core red squirrel populations to the north. We’ll focus on vulnerable “corridors” such as the Mearns cross-border area of South Aberdeenshire and Angus.Other corridors like Strathtay and Tummel, Strathardle and Lochearn will also be monitored. - In the south of Scotland the project will maintain a co-ordinating overview of grey squirrel control efforts by land managers and volunteers within the priority areas for red squirrel conservation (PARCs). Our Grey Squirrel Control Officers will focus on the Upper Tweed, the Nithsdale and the Annandale PARCs. Existing volunteer groups which are not yet independent of the project will be given further support, with the aim that all volunteer groups will be fully independent by the end of two years. We’d like to say a huge thank you to everyone who has made Developing Community Action possible – our partners, funders, landowners, staff past and present, and our volunteers. This new project phase will bring about some changes to the SSRS team, and we’re waving goodbye to several colleagues. You can find out who to contact for your region on our contacts page. Want to join the team? We have several vacancies with closing dates in April, apply via the Scottish Wildlife Trust here. Whilst we are delighted to have had over £1.1m pledged to the project so far, we are still urgently in need of a final £49,000 to fulfil our aims. You can help us by donating to the Scottish Wildlife Trust appeal today.
Matthau plays Charley Nichols, doctor and widower, who's experiencing a second adolescence with the sudden bounty of available and attractive women in his life. Enter patient Ann Atkinson (Jackson), a sharp-tongued divorcee who has given up on love – that is, until she meets the good doctor. Charley himself is also intrigued, but does he want to give up his new-found freedom so soon? This delightful, refreshingly human romantic comedy benefits from a top-notch script (by Max Shulman and Julius Epstein, co-writer of "Casablanca"), and the unlikely chemistry between quirky but lovable Matthau and starchy Jackson, who both shine and seem to be having lots of fun. Affirming once again that true love should always trump more casual male-female relations, "Calls" delivers a charming, clever romance, chock full of laughs.
On 13th Nov 2016 , KLE Society, Belagavi celebrates it’s 100 years of service to people in the region and beyond. As part of the commemorations of this momentous occasion, the schools, colleges and other institutions of KLE will be participating in ‘SHATAM’, a series of cultural and sporting events that incorporate a myriad of human skills and expression. SHATAM which incorporates the elements of Nritya(Dance), Krida(Play), Natya(Drama) and Kala Kriti(Creativity) will see participation by thousands of students and staff members of the KLE Family. The event formally commenced with a 3 days, 7-a-side Flood Light Football tournament which is being played at the Lingraj College grounds, Belagavi. The tournament commenced with a ceremonial kick off by renowned sports exponent Shri Ajit Siddannavar. Secretary KLE Society Dr. Bapu Desai, Life Members, Members of Staff and students participated. Todays event featured inter school matches for both students and staff. The Grand Finale of the Centenary Celebrations commences on 13th Nov 2016, the Foundation Day of KLE Society and this week long celebration will feature performances by renowned singers, actors, dance troops and dramatists in addition to sessions by eminent educationists, lawyers, Industrialists, social activists and other luminaries across domains.
So, it seems that I blinked or blacked out or something and all the sudden it’s been almost a whole year since I’ve written anything on here. Oops! There’s a lot of reasons for that. I’d itemize a list for you, but I’d prefer to blather on endlessly because after all, that’s what blogs are for. For a long time, this blog was all about my “homes on the road,” which was a fun way to share cool places we camped all over the continent while full-time RVing. When that shindig ended, my blog (and I) felt a bit lost. I optimistically mused about blogging on topics like DIY house renovations, gardening, mom-hood, etc. But even now, 2+ years after being out of the full-time RV life, still none of that stuff makes that sense to me. At least not enough to pretend to be enough of an expert on to write about. Full-time travel? Of course, that was never as easy or glamorous as it probably appeared in small snippets every few weeks on your screen. But it made sense in my head, at least most of the time. House life? Mom life? None of that comes as naturally, and I sometimes feel like I’m going through the motions of someone else’s life while barely treading water. Over the years, I’ve taken this blog to some semi-personal places but it’s all been pretty travel-related, and that’s my safe place. Owning a legit housing structure on a remote piece of property where the desert meets the forest and the mountains is its own adventure. So is keeping a small human alive, day in and day out. Yet writing about those things for all the world to see (correction: probably three friends and two stalkers) makes me want to squeeze myself under the bed and hide even though I don’t fit down there. Meanwhile, more and more people I know aren’t cool publicly sharing things online anymore, that whole concept is iffy with a baby, and talking about travel during COVID sometimes feels sketchy too. Other excuses I make for neglecting this blog are being too burnt out from writing for work to ever feel like writing for “fun,” being too generally exhausted from baby life to do anything creative, and being distracted by shiny things. But alas, I feel crappy about letting my miniature corner of the world go to waste. It’s a place I carved out to chitter-chatter about cool places without selling out or turning a passion project into yet another chore to weigh me down. In the meanwhile, I’ve actually been traveling quite a bit since full-time camper life ended and exploring lots of awesome places around my home base in New Mexico. I’ve also finally started to bust out of my comfort zone and meet some cool local people who are into some of the same stuff I am. Some of this deserves writing about, which is why I’m here again to fill the void. Enough blather for you? Okay then. Moving on! Besides the blather, my actual goal with this post was to give a quick recap of cool places I’ve been hanging out so far in 2021. Yet again, I considered venturing out to other topics for this blog but that didn’t go so well. So, why not stick with the tried and true? Sure, travel hasn’t always been without its controversy his year, but I’m not a dumb traveler….I’m vaccinated, a responsible masker, a relentless planner, and an informed reader of reliable things. I’ll always have a restless spirit and a wandering soul. But the Southwest still feels like home to me on most days, and I want to share that with you, dear world. So, without further ado (and I think you’d agree that there’s been plenty of ado), here are some cool spots I’ve been lately with one representative photo per place to keep it simple and moving along. Oh, and a few anecdotes because that’s just what I do. Tucson/Wilcox, Arizona – January 2021 What better place to escape for the winter in the Southwest than Tucson? This camper trip was filled with wonderfully wearing tank tops in January, cool rock formations, iconic cacti, and buying some random pottery. So far, my baby hasn’t fallen into a cactus, and I’m trying to keep it that way. Taos/Angel Fire, New Mexico – February 2021 Despite the adorable look on little Chikoo’s face, snow isn’t exactly his cup of tea. Regardless, we headed up to the Northern New Mexico ski resorts to get in some runs and playtime out in that white stuff. Las Cruces, New Mexico / El Paso, Texas – March 2021 One of Monkey’s favorite places on the planet is White Sands National Park. The gypsum sand stays cool on even the hottest of days and is oh-so-soft on doggie paws. Yet the winds here are absolutely nuts, and this visit was no exception. We met our good Chicago friends, Bryina, here and following a winery/lunch stop nearby on a particularly awesome day. Other highlights from this camping trip were walking through the pueblo ruins, bike trails, and roadside antique shops selling super weird stuff. Grandparents Visit NM – April 2021 April was one of the rare months when we didn’t leave the area for a camping excursion. My little man turned one year old in April, so Grandma and Grandpa drove out to New Mexico to celebrate. The local staycation involved the small man’s first trip to the zoo, a sugary birthday cake, and a crazy number of new things to play with. Southeast Utah – May 2021 May is always a big travel month for us…it’s the husband’s birthday, our marriage anniversary, and a perfect time to be outdoors in the Southwest. Those red rock landscapes in Utah are my favorite places to be, and it’d been too long since we’ve been back among them. This trip included a first-time visit to Capitol Reef National Park, a revisit to Canyonlands National Park and Moab, and some random finds like Leprechaun Canyon and the Factory Buttle OHV area. Bonus points for an overnight in one of our favorite Colorado spots, Cortez, on the way back home. It was pretty much all hiking all the time, so definitely thanking the universe that the Chikoo rides awesomely in a baby hiking backpack. Ladies’ Weekend in ABQ & Jemez Springs – June 2021 This girl is my ride-or die. We text and video chat every day, but that’s not always enough. She was awesome enough to fly out to see me in June so we could party it up downtown, go hiking, wine tasting, and get into random shenanigans along the way. Arizona Pitstop – July 2021 It was 112 degrees outside, but that doesn’t stop us from seeing awesome people. Arizona transplants, Chancy, met up with us for a delicious lunch and boat cruise on Saguaro Lake. There were good drinks, great views, and even better times hanging out. I give this day a solid two fist bumps, even when we spent a stupid amount of time loitering in a CVS just because it had air conditioning. SoCal/NorCal – July 2021 Now this was a fun camper excursion. We set up camp just outside of San Diego and took the Chikoo to his very first beach, Imperial Beach. There were also splash pads, breweries, in-laws, more breweries, fun Cali friend meetups, and lovely weather. Bonus points for a fun rendezvous in Downtown Flagstaff on the way back. Northwest New Mexico Birthday – August 2021 The time came to turn 38, so I may as well get on a boat about it, eh? Birthday celebrations took me to Northwest New Mexico with stops in Farmington, the Bisti Badlands, and Navajo Lake. Getting old isn’t so bad when you’re surrounded by scenery like this. Local Adventures Close to Home – 2021 Yet within a 30-minute or less from my house, I’ve found plenty of other good stuff to do too. There have been a scattering public pools, cat cafes, brew spots, music festivals, playgrounds, trails, group hikes, and mom meetups…not to mention monsoon season with its epic sunsets filled with lightning and double rainbows. Dunno when I’ll be back here…maybe sooner, maybe later. But for now, my blog neglect guilt is absolved! And there’s still plenty of 2021 left to go exploring. Toot-a-loo!
Hey PD Team, I've created forum account recently and it was created based on Linkedin secondary language instead of primary language english. Even I updated my profile second language Firstname and Lastname to english on Linkedin, still its not fetching also, even I created an account locally on pipedrive using my Gsuite OAuth, my bad it didn't work though Please help me update my PD forum name from వంశీ చైతన్య to Vamsi Chaitanya
Whether you attended our panel on Intimacy, Sexuality, and Consent On Stage or not, we invite you to take part in the survey below. This vital discussion was only the beginning. Now, we look to the future and what else we can do. Thanks! Survey can be found at: https://goo.gl/forms/WkGlC4fOTmRWpTyf2.
Field Medics Mecha Med Scarf |Type||Chest - Clothes| |Collision Type||Full Collision| |Hardness|| 0 Hits| Restores after 0s of inactivity. |Seed Color|| | |Grow Time||1h 0m 0s| |Default Gems Drop||N/A| |No Longer Available| |This item cannot be obtained anymore via this method.| |During Grow4Good Week| The Field Medics Mecha Med Scarf is an unsplicable chest item which was added as part of Grow4Good Week 2021 on April 15, 2021. |Heres to a speedy recovery!| |No medical enhancements here!| When equipped, this item grants the Speedy + Quick Recover: Field Medics Mecha Med Scarf! mod, which allows the player to move faster and heals the player faster than usual after receiving damage from hitting Lava or any other pain blocks. - This item is part of the Mecha Med set, which consists of Mecha Med Helmet, Field Medics Mecha Med Scarf, Mecha Med Shoes, Ambu-Lance, Mecha Med Pants, and Mecha Med Shirt.
26TH day… I think what I did might look clear enough. Took a page from a Roald Dahl Book. and then I blocked out words to make some Haikus. There are 3 of them, I separated them by the pink lines. It’s challenging to read and more challenging block out and make any sense. It was kinda fun. I’ve done it long ago and forgot it’s what it is. Makes my want DairyQueen and big Buster Parfait . mmmm yummy
COLLOQUIUM: Shenlong Wang, "Robust Autonomy and Realistic Simulation for Self-Driving" From Erin Klapacz Abstract: Self-driving vehicles will bring us safer, cleaner, and more convenient transportation. To make this dream come true, we need our autonomous system to perceive, plan, and execute effectively in unstructured environments and have verified safety. While machine learning has significantly enhanced autonomous capabilities, we are still missing key ingredients to achieve the desired goal. In this talk, I will present our approach towards trustworthy autonomous driving from two perspectives: designing robust autonomy systems and verifying their safety with realistic simulation. I will first present how we combine learning methods with model-based knowledge to develop a robust, end-to-end learnable self-driving autonomy stack. I will then demonstrate how we integrate real-world assets, learnable components, and physical models to build a highly realistic and scalable simulation environment to train and validate autonomy. Finally, I will give a brief personal outlook on open research topics towards realistically solving self-driving. Bio: Shenlong Wang is an Assistant Professor at the UIUC Department of Computer Science. He received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Toronto and was a research scientist at Uber ATG, working with Raquel Urtasun. Shenlong's research interests span the spectrum from computer vision, robotics, and machine learning. His recent work involves developing robust algorithms for self-driving and making autonomous vehicles more reliable and scalable. His research has resulted in over 40 papers at top conferences, including over 15 oral and spotlight presentations. Shenlong's co-authored work received the 2020 IROS Best Application Award Finalist and the 2021 CVPR Best Paper Candidate. He was selected as the recipient of the Facebook, Adobe, and Royal Bank of Canada Fellowships.
March 1, 2021 This is the beginning of my adventure! I have emotions big and small all inside me. Right now I am actually listening to music while I write this. This is the week, Friday the 5th is my surgery date. I am so happy and excited for myself! I have so many people supporting me. This will change my life. I can't imagine my amazing future! This is going to be the book I look back on, and smile that my 13 year old me made this life changing decision. March 3, 2021 Well, look at how quickly things are moving! Today I had to take the covid test, but it really wasn't as bad as I thought! Also the lady who did the test on me was the wife of the surgeon that is doing my surgery on Friday. I thought that was pretty cool. March 4, 2021 It's already Thursday! Wow. Tomorrow it is Friday March 5th, the day my life changed. Like a fairy tale! A good story. A happy ending. Some family called today to wish me love and luck! I am go to be fine. Love yourself. Stay Brave. You're gonna be okay! *this photo below is the front of the journal that she picked out for herself for this phase of her life.
Professional Lady in Klaipeda who can do Striptease pro, live only on MOTHERSDAYMESSAGES.ORG. To invite angel is very simple. Just call her. Now in this city the best lady - Latina Gella. Those looking for a wild time with a naughty girl should book Shalina today. you had better get going.
I’m proud to announce another patent where I am a named inventor has been issued by the US Patent Office. This is patent 11011258 – Systems and methods for data processing and performing structured and configurable data compression. That is a long name, but essentially the invention patented relates … Continue reading If you haven’t seen this already, I definitely recommend you spend 16 minutes of your day listening to this video of Steve Job’s commencement speech. This is a college graduation commencement speech Jobs gave back in 2005. In it he talks a lot about his early life and how … Continue reading I read Reddit regularly, as apparently half the world does. One of the subreddits I follow is the ExperiencedDevs subreddit because sometimes I learn something or find an interesting article there. Today I saw this post and it struck a chord: Are interviews REALLY providing better talent as … Continue reading I love building new things, and coming up with new ideas. The ability to create new products and solutions has always been great fun. One of the things I wanted to do since early in my career was to have a patent in my name. At my first professional software … Continue reading We have been doing a lot of technical interviewing lately trying to find new candidates for open positions. It has been challenging to say the least to find quality people. Even if we find quality people, they have often failed at a 2nd stage interview. I came across this article … Continue reading
What is Free TON and how TON blockchain benefits a wide range of industries, from serving government systems to financial and IT projects The Telegram Open Network project, launched by Russian entrepreneur Pavel Durov, has become one of the most sensational projects of 2018. During its private token sale, TON raised $ 1.7 billion from private investors, making it the largest ICO project to raise such a large amount in a short time. But due to problems with the SEC, Pavel Durov had to curtail the project and hand it over to independent developers, making it open, and returning the collected funds to investors. After that, the project was renamed to Free TON. In this article, we will explain what Free TON is and how it will benefit various industries. What is Free TON Free TON is a high-performance, scalable and secure blockchain platform with a throughput of millions of transactions per second. For comparison, the VISA payment system is capable of processing only 1,700 transactions per second. Even one of the fastest blockchains, Solana (SOL), is only capable of handling 65,000 TPS, making Free TON the fastest platform in the world. TON users will be able to make transactions for less than $0.01 in fees, and pay less than $0.05 per coin exchange transaction (swaps). For the first time, the emergence of the project, then called the Telegram Open Network or simply TON, was announced by Pavel Durov back in December 2017 and caused a lot of agitation in the blockchain community: it was during this period that a real boom took place in the crypto market, and new projects attracted a lot of attention from investors. But Telegram Open Network is not just another ICO project created with the aim of raising as much investment as possible to leave the platform to its own devices. Behind the creation of TON is a team that has designed one of the largest messengers around, Telegram, whose audience in 2018 consisted of more than 200 million users. In 2021, this number has already exceeded 500 million. After a long preparation, it became clear that the project was not destined to continue working: in October 2019, the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filed a lawsuit against Pavel Durov in connection with unregistered sales of GRAM tokens, which the regulator classified as an analogue of shares. After a long lawsuit, the District Court of New York ruled to cease the launch of the project, after which Durov announced in the media that the Telegram Open Network was officially closing. But this does not mean that the platform itself was not meant to be implemented. The fact that the project will be renamed The Open Network was announced back in 2018 in the Whitepaper of the project. After the end of the trial, the open source code was published on GitHub, and three new but already independent projects were formed from the Telegram Open Network: Free TON, NewTON and TON Community Blockchain. Free TON uses its own decentralized architecture based on smart contracts, and its ecosystem belongs to DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization). The purpose of the platform is to create an environment for various services and ordinary transactions serving governments, private companies and users. In other words, Free TON has the potential to become a global platform covering various areas, or, as it is also called, a "super server". How does TON Blockchain work? TON Blockchain is a heterogeneous and interoperable multiblockchain-platform with smart contracts that is Turing-complete meaning that is completely self-sufficient. The Free TON project is based on the TON Blockchain. The ecosystem of the platform allows you to create a global marketplace where any actors, be they ordinary people or companies, can freely interact with each other. The concept multi means that the TON Blockchain is a collection of blockchains. Thanks to this, the throughput of the platform is capable of reaching millions of transactions per second. Free TON can be called without hesitation a super-platform, which combines several types of blockchain: - Masterchain, which contains the main rules of the protocol and which defines a set of validators, as well as the principles of distributing bets and shards - blockchain segments that are processed by this or that validator. - Workchains, the number of which in the network reaches 232, which is approximately equal to 4.3 million. They contain transactions transmitted to smart contracts. Moreover, they have heterogeneity: different workchains can contain a different set of rules from the rest, including address formats, virtual machines, and even cryptocurrencies in accordance with the principles of interoperability. - Shardchains or workchain segments. They are also called horizontal blockchains. Each workchain can be divided into 260 more homogeneous shardchains, which are already united by the same rules and block formats defined by the workchain. - And finally, the last layer is the shards that make up the shardchain. Shards are made up of a chain of homogeneous blocks, but the blocks themselves are actually separate blockchains, which are called vertical blockchains. This structure allows you to fix incorrect blocks in the shard without changing the entire blockchain. As follows from the description, the TON Blockchain has a heterogeneous multi-level structure, organized according to the principle of sharding or segmentation. Dynamic sharding is implemented in the multi-chain. Proof-of-Stake to generate new blocks TON Blockchain uses the Proof-of-Stake consensus mechanism to generate new blocks in shardchains and masterchains. The platform network consists of several hundred validators - nodes that have staked a large amount of TON Crystal tokens by making a special transaction in the master chain, which gives them the right to generate and validate new blocks. For each block in the masterchain, a pseudo-randomly selected order is set to determine which candidate block has the highest priority to enter the blockchain. Validators and other nodes of the TON Blockchain network check the validity of the proposed candidate blocks. If the validator signs an invalid candidate block, they receive a penalty in the form of partial or complete deprivation of the stake, or suspension from the validator role for some time. After that, the validators must reach a consensus to choose which block will go to the blockchain next using an efficient BFT (Byzantine Fault Tolerant) protocol, which is similar to PBFT or Honey Badger BFT. If a consensus is reached, a new block is created and the transaction fees paid and generated tokens are shared between network validators. What is TON Crystal and how to get it The cryptocurrency TON Crystal is the main fuel of the Free TON ecosystem. Initially, 5 billion coins were issued, the number of which will grow by 2% every year. The accrual of TON Crystal cryptocurrency is based on fair distribution. Initially, users cannot buy it. The only way to get TON Crystal is to contribute to the development of the Free TON ecosystem. This can be done in several ways: - Participate in various competitions or evaluate competitive projects as a member of the jury. - Become a network validator or delegate coins to it, if you already have them, in order to earn additional TON crystals. - Develop improvements and promote the Free TON platform. - Participate in bounty programs, completing various tasks, or receive coins for free during the period of their distribution. - Buy tokens from users who have already earned them. Note. The distribution (so-called airdrop) will take place as soon as the Free TON network reaches full decentralization. In order not to miss this and other important events, follow the announcements in the official channels, links to which you can find on the project website. Free TON Tokenomics The Free TON project does not have a CEO, marketing department or consultants. It is governed by the whole community united by one goal - to create a global and transparent fair economy. And only the community decides how the network will develop. All suggestions for improving Free TON are published on the project forum where every member of the community can freely comment, discuss and criticize the document. There are no restrictions: any user can offer anything. After the end of the discussion, all the accepted comments are forwarded through the voting chain. A proposal is implemented if more than 50% of the votes are in its favour. The Free TON developers have created a unique meritocratic token distribution model based on competition. It happens as follows: - Community members offer a competition. - The community reaches a consensus on the fact that the competitive result will benefit the network and the entire community. - After a consensus has been reached, all community members vote to determine the amount of the budget allocated for the competition, and the composition of the jury. - Then the competition itself is held, in which all members of the community can participate. - Finally, the jury selects the winners, among whom the rewards are then distributed. This process is familiar to those who participated in voting on DAO platforms, but before it was carried out for the purpose of distributing the issued tokens. Other platforms do organize similar events. For example, the Binance crypto exchange conducts a token giveaway as part of the Launchpad, where coins are distributed among holders of another tokens. However, this approach is also far from perfect, since, firstly, Binance is a centralized platform, and secondly, the advantage clearly remains with those who own the most of cryptocurrency. The validator competition was one of the first held on the Free TON platform. About 400 validators took part in it, including Everstake. They are now actively supporting the Free TON network. The list of validators is available on the TON.live blockchain browser page. Where to store TON Crystal The creators of TON have developed a universal crypto wallet TON Surf , which combines the properties of a blockchain browser and a private messenger. The wallet is available for web platforms, as well as on iOS and Android devices. Also, some third-party wallets and services have already integrated TON Crystal tokens: - Simple wallet for the TON Crystal Wallet platform. - Crypterium mobile crypto wallet. - The largest community moderation system Telegram Combot. How can I see my transactions on the Free TON blockchain? Free TON is an open and transparent platform, so all the transactions can be tracked using the dedicated TON.live block explorer. Staking TON Crystal tokens The concept of staking itself does not fundamentally differ from the classic PoS consensus mechanism, except for primary distribution of tokens. Validators stake cryptocurrency in order to obtain the rights to validate transactions and blocks on the TON Blockchain network. Note. So far, delegation is available to the community only in the “light” version in the TON Surf application. However, TON developers team plans to expand the app's functionality and staking capabilities in the future. How the Everstake Validator Engages with the Free TON Community Everstake has been helping to improve the Free TON ecosystem at different levels from the outset: voting, taking part in the contests, supporting important updates, working on TON Blockchain applications development. The main priority of the Free TON ecosystem is decentralization and supporting the stable operation of the network. The Everstake team actively engages with the Free TON community to provide up-to-date information and helpful materials to explore blockchain innovation. Follow Everstake on social media to get the latest information from the blockchain industry!
According to Mr. Afful Manu Benjamin, the Proprietor of Stars of Hope Montessori academy and a leading member of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in Tain Constituency, Ghana at all levels is finding wages and profits to boost its economy. To do this, he said, there is a need for a skilled workforce and evaluation. Skills development, he said, should attract heightened interest in current Ghana’s wobbling economy. “Development should not seek only rapid but should also include policies that will grow and increase interest in skills to meet developmental challenges”, he stated. He added that to enter the labour market, the raw materials in the country are enough for production to resource development. In an interview with Appiah Kubi on Tain FM Anɔpa Nkɔmmɔ, the Proprietor hinted that adequate education on technical and vocational skills, human labour policies can improve focuses on efforts to bring the country’s economic growth to stabilize. This realization, according to the NPP guru, the challenges that are punching the interest of the country’s economic growth are concerned about and needs to be committed skilled policies to drive the change, hence embracing the TVET initiative. Mr. Afful narrated challenges that are retarding the economical development in the country, saying, cheap partisan politics on the developmental issue, Skills mismatch, Limited involvement of social partners, Poor quality and relevance of training, Limited access to training opportunities, Weak coordination in the system, Lack of coherence to the system, Inappropriate coordinated and planned actions and reforms, No clarify institutional arrangements, Inadequate anchor of existing good practice, No pledge of political and collective will and commitment. He submitted that the Educational System, the inabilities to produce the raw materials into the finished product, refusing to pay taxes by the people, are all fundamental issues that need to be tackled to help resolve the economic challenges in the country but not the move to change the government in power, saying, if the fundamental issues are not resolved, no matter the change of government, the challenges will not resolve, therefore the opposition party should bring in ideas to curb the economic challenges rather than being propagated. He concludes that the opposition party (NDC) and the government should be able to think about the country first, before their partisan interest. He says the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) has no solution to the challenges facing the Ghanaian economy.
Greeted By Lovely Raipur Escorts for Desirable Satisfaction Get Incall & Outcall Raipur Escorts Agency anytime Welcome to the best agency of Raipur, among which you get the privilege of enjoying every type of erotic service. Our Raipur Escorts is quite popular in the whole city for providing good service. This is the best place in India which is awarded for cleanliness. If someone from you guys is looking for exploring this beautiful city book paramour call girls of Raipur. Our escorts are well versed in every best location in the city which helps them to establish themselves as the perfect partner. If you come to this city for some work and try to find a beautiful girl, then let us tell you that this job becomes a little difficult. Our specialty is that you can easily enjoy all the sensual services during your working travels. Call Girls in Raipur are well known for their friendly behavior and help to provide whatever you want from them. Why Raipur Call Girls Are Best in Providing Pleasurable Companionship There are several stuffs which is provided to look after for excellent hospitality which removes all the stress of your body. Escorts in Raipur are blessed with experience which always helps to get real erotism. Our agency will make feel like you can only see in dreams. As we are working in this field for a long time which helps us to prove ourselves as the best agency. Because we tell the customer what kind of service he wants as soon as he sees it. Finding an amazing companion is an easy job because our platform is quite famous for loving hospitality. They never let down their partners in an easy manner. The main motive is to provide the ultimate satisfaction which is not an easy job. So bring her now to your decided place and gain some memorable moments. Raipur Call Girls are very 24/7 available to help partners get a zestful experience. Trustworthy Escorts in Raipur Behind the Closed Doors On these difficult days, everyone remains worried because there is a lot of pressure on them regarding work or any other matter. So, this is an option to avail Raipur Escorts Service, which provides highly attractive hospitality to every demanding person. There are a few simple steps that help to book desired profiles amazingly. First of all, go to the profile section and select an escort and get all the details of her like their name and their charges as well. After that customer can contact us with the given information and confirm your bookings. After that rest of the work will be done from our side and believe us that moment will be going to of your favorites. All escorts are well trained and know how to seduce their partners all night long. Call Girl in Raipur to know what kind of services any customer needs so you can put your mind at ease. Avoid Loneliness and Get Call Girls in Raipur at Cheapest Prices After reading all the paragraphs carefully, there has been eagerness that comes to your mind. That is how Raipur Escorts are different from others. It is always the wish of every human being to find a chance to spend some beautiful moments with a beautiful and sensual girl. It is never easy to find a friend who can match every step that you want to do with her. The categories which we consist of have always had a separate fanbase. Escorts from all over the world are easily hireable from our Raipur escorts agency. Incall and Outcall sessions are easily available for every visitor. She tries her best to fulfill every wish that the customer represents in front of escorts. These call girls can go on a date with their partners without any hesitation. If you spend one night with Raipur Escorts Service, then you can't think of going anywhere else.
Women who can be bought in this office are truly more youthful and great. These escort locales would not ever at any point be hesitant to cooperate with purchasers thus they arranged go out with them way too which turns out to be unquestionably essentially energizing 1 for money manager. The real allure of explicit escort site organization is on the grounds that they endeavor to develop an office to coordinate the prerequisites and wants of the men which need for complete pleasure. Escort site feels for your genuine explanation behind delightful escort locales instead of disadvantage of it. Business people and experts can book the excellent ladies by utilizing utilization of our on the web medium right away. Without a doubt, individuals who utilize certain escort destinations will get total joy. For the most part sexual orientation is dismissed by numerous individuals as they are terrified with respect to the sex. They cannot attempt to have sex, this is they can be dismissing. Too reasonable people are generally carried on the valuable zone and check a contrary side sex and say honestly their cozy emotions and have association with the option sex accomplice. Men are much more inquisitive and they are accessible in an incredible arrangement to have sexual action, all things considered the ladies is simply not promptly accessible since she includes more prominent inside the local area she would not take any individual for sex association in certain territories the UK escorts is shaped and furthermore the organization gathers the ladies by their inspiration to have sexual movement henceforth the organization organized ladies will offer sex for guys without experiencing issues they are accessible in on the web all of the 24 hours. A male necessities to need to contact the lady and fix conference and take her for day out while saving the woman for evening time and working day without the need of break In cool season the sexual movement is critical for a few people, they could not keep the cool climate conditions and they likewise will require any young woman to fuck, a long time before they go screw they appreciate undeniably more sex engaging like oral sex, just after mouth sexual action they pick the genuine fuck. This sort of relationship sturdy one specific, it is not fantastic to see the young lady and fuck with no sex interest. There should be love and dedication just this would assist the both stop with having brilliant sex. The previously mentioned kind of women are known as escort locales office they are not whores these are from affluent friends and family in addition to they are exploring progressed level inside the school master level and clinical expert recognition and significantly more high in their examination they require sexual action and they are joined to the escort destinations association. At the same time the association is putting resources into their work and client is moreover spending procedures for the ladies utilizing this technique these are exceptionally satisfied with the work.
A Message from Council President Andrea Shaut: March 11, 2020: Out of an abundance of caution, the City of Kingston Common Council is taking proactive steps to protect Council members, city staff, and the public from the risk of COVID-19. The Council is legally bound to adhere to Open Meeting Law, which requires a quorum at all committee and Council meetings. On Friday, March 13 at 5:00pm, there will be a Special Common Council meeting to consider passing a resolution to amend the Rules of the Council which would allow Council members to video conference into Council and committee meetings. If adopted, this change would enable the Council to continue to effectively perform all of its duties without the risk of spreading illness to each other and the public. In addition to authorizing the use of video conferencing by Council members, the City will be partnering with Radio Kingston to livestream upcoming Council meetings in order for the public to stay connected in real time, while also maintaining social distance. Meetings will continue to be filmed by the City of Kingston as well. The videos can be found on the City of Kingston website (Kingston Live) after each meeting. At this time, council and committee meetings will continue to be open to community members who wish to attend in person. All attendees should be mindful of the risks associated with attending large gatherings and should remain at home if they are ill. Finally, for individuals who do not attend Council meetings in person, Council President Andrea Shaut will be accepting written comments in lieu of public speaking. Comments can be sent via email to [email protected] or can be mailed to City Hall, 420 Broadway, Kingston, NY 12401, attention Council President Shaut.
come out of shell Like this video? Subscribe to our free daily email and get a new idiom video every day! come out of (one's) shell To be or become less shy or reticent and more sociable, outgoing, or enthusiastic. Wow, Anna has really come out of her shell lately. I remember when she wouldn't even talk to anyone, and now she's likely to be voted "Most Talkative." Jack is actually a very funny, engaging guy when he comes out of his shell. Samantha was quite a quiet girl growing up, but she really started coming out of her shell in college. Farlex Dictionary of Idioms. © 2022 Farlex, Inc, all rights reserved. come out of one's shell Fig. to become more friendly; to be more sociable. (Alludes to a shy turtle putting its head out of its shell.) Come out of your shell, Tom. Go out and make some friends. McGraw-Hill Dictionary of American Idioms and Phrasal Verbs. © 2002 by The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. come out of one's shell, to To overcome one’s shyness or inhibitions. Ebenezer Brewer believed this saying alludes to the tortoise, which hides from danger by retreating under its shell. It might equally well allude to a newly hatched bird. “The shell must break before the bird can fly,” wrote Tennyson (The Ancient Sage, 1885). The Dictionary of Clichés by Christine Ammer Copyright © 2013 by Christine Ammer
Eloise | Fitted Tropical Maternity Maxi Dress With Side Slit If you want to add a new flavor to your maternity wardrobe, you've come to the right destination. Eloise is here to lead your venture into the exotic side of maternity fashion! This tropical maternity dress is a stylish and comfy staple you can count on to turn heads. Eloise's body-conscious fit outlines all your curves, giving you a sleek silhouette from head to toe. Her maxi-length skirt is enhanced with a side-slit. This feature lengths your legs AND makes your walk effortless — double win! The square neckline flatters busts of all sizes, so you can focus on flexing your favorite necklaces and not slips. Eloise's colorful palette offers as many color matches as a tropical jungle, so picking accessories is an adventure in itself! - Mothers carrying low - a bodycon maternity dress shows your bump best! - Petite mothers - the sexy side-slit skirt lengthens the leg for more height - Moms with a full bust - the square neckline works wonders for those curves
For health as a mechanic, see: Health The health bar (also known as the HP bar) is a bar which displays a player's remaining health. In all game modes except osu!mania, there is an indicator moving along the health bar that shows a player's current health. In osu!taiko, it is impossible to fail a beatmap during play, but it is possible to fail after the beatmap has ended if the player has not filled the health bar enough. In osu!, osu!catch, and osu!taiko, the health bar is displayed in the top-left corner of the screen. Whereas in osu!mania, it is rotated 90 degrees counterclockwise, and is placed to the right of the playfield. In osu! and osu!catch, the health bar will drain at a constant rate throughout the course of a beatmap, with the exception of breaks. This effect is known as health drain.
UK Ministry of Justice - Digital & Technology Through Technology are currently engaged under a two year contract with the UK Ministry of Justice to support IT Change. Under the contract, Through Technology will provide solution leadership and solution architecture functions to support the Ministry with its ambitious programmes of Modernisation and Cloud Migration. Through Technology have supplied an expert team to provide solution assurance, solution architecture and solution leadership on the Ministry's Technology Transformation Programme, which is replacing aging networks, on premise infrastructure and Windows XP, with a modern End User Computing Solution and new network infrastructure. We will also be supporting other major projects, major incidents and change over the next two years, bolstering the client's internal teams with additional expertise as they move toward a more insourced model of ICT provision. HM Courts and Tribunals Service Through Technology are working with HM Courts and Tribunals Service to provide a cloud-based solution to manage display devices in courts across the UK. Department for Work and Pensions Through Technology have been engaged by DWP through our "Email Security for the Public Sector" offering on G-Cloud, to transition the department's gsi.gov.uk email domains off the Government Convergence Framework (GCF) to a new cloud email security platform.
EasyConverter 7 Now Available with Word 2016 Support EasyConverter empowers organisations to create accessible information for people with visual impairments, dyslexia and other reading difficulties. Braille, large print, DAISY and MP3 formats are all available at the touch of a button - no expertise required! Released today, EasyConverter 7 includes support for Microsoft’s newest word processor, Word 2016. Additionally EasyConverter now comes bundled with a free licence of EasyReader, for proofing and playing DAISY books created in EasyConverter 7. Read on to learn more. NEW: Compatible with Word 2016 EasyConverter 7 now includes support for documents created in Word 2016. Input your .docx files and confidently create Braille, large print, DAISY and MP3 formats. NEW: Includes EasyReader 7 for the latest DAISY playback Playback your DAISY talking books created in EasyConverter, with the latest edition of EasyReader, now bundled free. EasyReader is the latest accessible eBook reader for students with dyslexia or visual impairments. Synchronised text and audio playback makes reading a pleasure, and struggle free! Compatible with Windows 7, 8 and 10 desktops, laptops and tablets, EasyReader includes a 21st century interface this is also touchscreen compatible. Learn more about EasyReader and watch a short video at www.YourDolphin.com/EasyReader VIDEO: Exhall Grange School talking about EasyConverter "I think what makes it unique is the range of things it can do. There are other programs out there that just do Braille, or that just do Audio. Where EasyConverter shines is the fact it can do all of it; Large Print, Audio, Braille, very, very simply." Matthew Horspool, Exhall Grange School Free Trial –With Product Support! Trial EasyConverter with Word 2016 support free for 30-days. There’s even the option to include product support, should you get any questions or queries. Already Using EasyConverter? Existing EasyConverter customers can upgrade their licence by contacting Dolphin or their Dolphin dealer. Customers with an active software maintenance agreement (SMA) will shortly receive their free upgrade.
In today’s New York Times, Pamela Paul describes the challenges that she faces because, like many women in the United States, she uses her maiden name in professional contexts and her married name otherwise. These include practical issues, like whether her husband can use her Costco card; emotional challenges, like her children’s “permanent state of confusion”; and even legal issues. Ms. Paul was once detained at an airport for 40 minutes because her ticket and her ID had different names. Since I’m always wearing my “Spanish glasses”, so to speak, I was immediately struck by how unnecessary these issues must seem to folks who follow the Hispanic naming system. Married women keep the same two last names they’ve had since birth: one apellido from their father and one from their mother. They can optionally add de X to show that they’re married to a Sr. X. This seems somewhat sexist, implying that a wife is her husband’s property, but at least it’s simple and consistent. A celebrity example may be in order. The adorable Suri Cruise’s full name, Hispanic-style, would be Suri Cruise Holmes, after her father (Tom Cruise) and mother (Katie Holmes). If she were to marry, say, Knox Pitt Jolie (the son of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie), she could optionally go by the longer name Suri Cruise Holmes de Pitt. Suri and Knox’s children would all have the last names Pitt Cruise. I don’t have a dog in this hunt, personally. I kept my maiden name and haven’t had many problems with it. In fact, it’s a useful way to weed out sales calls, since the caller will often ask for me by my husband’s name or the reverse. But I do sometimes wish that the United States followed the Hispanic system so that there would be no ambiguity. I’d love to hear from some readers from Spanish-speaking countries about their personal experiences with apellidos. How often do women use the de X convention? Is there any confusion with school registrations or other formalities involving children? Are you happy to be following the Hispanic system?
Cat and Dog Surgery in Windham, NH Whether it’s a spay/neuter procedure or something more complex, many pets will inevitably undergo surgery at some point in their lives. The skilled veterinary surgeons at Canobie Lake Veterinary Hospital in Windham have experience performing a wide range of minor and major soft tissue cat and dog surgeries. These include reproductive surgery, wound care and reconstruction, and mass removal. We take pride in our ability to provide our patients with exceptional surgical care that aligns with AAHA standards. These standards reduce any risks associated with surgery and help us deliver the highest level of care. We also take your pet’s safety and comfort into account. In our state-of-the-art surgical suite, our veterinarians utilize pulse oximetry, Doppler blood pressure, and EKG on all anesthetized patients to ensure a smooth anesthetic procedure. AAHA Surgical Protocols The following list summarizes AAHA’s surgical protocols that we abide by at our animal hospital: - Pre-surgical exam and blood work* - Dedicated surgical suite to prevent infection and cross-contamination - Surgical attire, including caps and masks - Sterile surgical equipment *Performing a complete physical exam and blood test before every procedure allows us to determine if your pet is at risk for any complications while under anesthesia. These tests also allow us to tailor an anesthetic regime that’s specific to your pet. We offer a wide variety of anesthetic protocols tailored to your pet’s individual needs. Advanced surgery is offered by Dr. Catherine Reese, a board-certified Specialist. Dr. Reese provides advanced surgery options at our hospital on a weekly basis. Surgeries that are offered include: - Advanced fracture repair - Laryngeal tieback surgery - Brachycephalic airway correction - Persistent right aortic arch surgery - Thoracic duct ligation and cisterna chyli ablation for idiopathic chylothorax - Lateral and ventral bulla osteotomy - Skin grafting - Oncologic surgery - Patella luxation repair - Cranial cruciate ligament repair, including TPLO and TTA After Your Pet’s Surgery After your pet’s surgery is complete, our veterinarians make sure that your companion has everything he needs for a speedy recovery. All surgical patients, including those undergoing routine procedures like spays and neuters, receive any pain management medications that are needed. Feel free to contact us at any time during your pet’s recovery if you have any questions. We want your pet to return to fetching balls or watching birds as quickly as you do, so we’re always happy to help in any way we can.
What is Kubernetes? Originally developed by Google, Kubernetes, or k8s as it is known for short, is a container orchestrator used to deploy our production applications in the cloud in an automated way. This platform allows us to decouple and standardise our applications and services to be agnostic to the infrastructure and above all provides strong isolation and immutability of our artifacts to be able to deploy in any environment in a unified, simplified and unvaried way. Kubernetes SaaS / Cloud Its native implementation in the cloud through Kubernetes SAAS managed services such as EKS (Amazon Web Services), AKS (Azure), GKS (Google), etc… provide us with the automation of resource deployment (load balancer, storage management, etc.) in an automated way. They also provide us with a layer of management over the control plan and its external auto-provisioned resources such as load balancers, storage class, etc. This point will be important to simplify the management and maintenance model, allowing you to focus your efforts on the design, architecture and service deployment layer without inheriting the complexity of cluster management itself. GitOps vs K8S The implementation of new development standards using GITOPS methodologies, where GIT is at the center as the single point of truth, has generated a large number of applications and formats that allow us to automate the entire CICD flow based on HELM manifests and charts that provide versioning in their environments and a deployment system following continuous deployment practices, ensuring the operation of their service at all times without outages or interruptions. Another contribution of Kubernetes is the ease of visibility it provides in terms of monitoring. Kubernetes with GEKO CLOUD Our experience in microservices-based system deployments using Kubernetes It is a cutting-edge technology but has been around long enough to ensure its use in real-world environments and has a large community behind it. A number of cloud-managed K8s platforms are available to eliminate complexity. Improve the portability and flexibility of your business by making it cloud agnostic. Reduce the level of friction and deploy as many clients or environments as necessary on different platforms. Improve the traceability and security of your services by exposing those entities that require them and working internally with APIs and internal services. Kubernetes Managed Services Competitive advantages that Kubernetes brings to your business Unify the GIT OPS deployment model You can finally implement a single way to deploy your services in your company, which speeds up the onboarding of the technical team, the cooperation and the time to market to deploy new functionalities or new microservices. High fault tolerance The orchestrator itself manages deployments to ensure that they pass healthcheck tests before going into production or deploy new pods in case of a one-off incident to maintain the stated consistency in number of resources. Responsibility / autonomy to the development team (namespaces + Quotas) This technology supports development teams if good CICD criteria and pipelines are implemented with the philosophy “you build it, you run it!” by having full control and knowledge of the concrete flow and subsequent monitoring visibility to make decisions based on performance and quality criteria. DRP or business continuity Recovering to a Kubernetes-based platform has greatly simplified contingency or disaster recovery planning as we completely decouple the infrastructure, we simply need the data, a K8S and deploy our artefacts already stored in a repository. High-speed growth (scalability) + Vertical node autoscaler + HPA The proper implementation of a Kubernetes platform will allow us to self-manage the system to grow both in number of PODS and number of nodes in the cluster (vertical and horizontal growth dynamically), which will also provide us with high cost efficiency. Another important additional point is that the dynamic growth of the deployment pods is carried out in just a few seconds VS the traditional auto scaled platforms that took around 240 seconds to start up. Marketplace application ecosystem Thanks to the inertia that K8s has acquired within the developer community, there is a large list of applications that through HELM charts or through the Operators themselves, will allow us to deploy components such as databases, queuing systems, cache and long etcetera from a simple marketplace of components that you will have at your disposal. get the most out of this technology Considerations to take into account We are a partner specialising in Kubernetes Geko Cloud is the 1st company in Europe to partner with Kubesphere, a distributed operating system that manages cloud-native applications, using Kubernetes as kernel. Our experts will help you face the different challenges in your digital transformation.
HOW DO I CHANGE OR CANCEL MY ORDER? Contact our Customer Service Department as quickly as possible at the following address: firstname.lastname@example.org Please indicate the name you used to place the order or the order reference number. We will thus be able to change or cancel your order before shipping. HOW DO I RETURN A DEFECTIVE OR NON-CONFORMING PRODUCT? We recommend that you examine the merchandise immediately upon receipt to check that it is correct and free from defects. If this is not the case, please submit a claim to our Customer Service Department within 30 days following the date of your purchase. HOW CAN I TRACK MY PARCEL? You will receive a confirmation email with a tracking number once your order has been prepared and handed over to the carrier. I CHANGED MY MIND AND WISH TO RETURN THE PRODUCT—HOW DO I DO THIS? You can, of course, return your order to us by exercising your right to cancel within 10 days following the date of your purchase. You will receive a full refund for the order once we receive the product; however, you are responsible for paying the return costs. Please contact the Customer Service Department in this case at the following address : email@example.com HOW LONG DOES SHIPPING TAKE? For France, the normal shipping time is 3 to 4 business days when the order is sent by standard shipping. Expect 5 to 7 days for Europe and 8 to 10 days for the rest of the world. Due to actual sanitary situation the shipping time can take longer. IS MY WATCH WATER RESISTANT? All our watches are water resistant up to 5 ATM. The watches can thus resist a pressure of 5 bar, which protects them against any accidental contact with water (splashing, rain, housework). However, it would be best to avoid using them while swimming, diving or in the shower. We recommend that you do not expose your watch to direct contact with water, especially one with a leather strap. FOR HOW LONG IS MY WATCH COVERED BY THE WARRANTY? All our watches are guaranteed for 2 years from the date of purchase. This warranty covers all defects in materials and workmanship, i.e. defects in the movement, watch case, glass or watch strap. However, the warranty does not cover any damage linked to poor care or improper use (e.g. scratches or impacts) or any aesthetic changes caused by normal consistent use over time (e.g. changes to the watch strap’s colour, fine scratches on the watch case, stretching or scuffing on the leather). HOW CAN I REPAIR MY WATCH? We will repair any material or workmanship defects in your watch free of charge throughout the entire period of the warranty. Please contact our Customer Service Department (firstname.lastname@example.org) to explain the problem and provide your order number. We will analyse your request and contact you as soon as possible with more detailed information. WHEN DO I HAVE TO REPLACE THE BATTERY IN MY QUARTZ WATCH? Our batteries last approximately 2 years. You can have it replaced at any jewellery or watch shop. This service is generally free of charge or incurs a small fee. DID WE NOT ANSWER YOUR QUESTION? Please feel free to send us a message via our Contact page.
online Public Speaking parts of Usenet areas! user channels of data two Services for FREE! accordance measures of Usenet data! interest: This advertising supersedes a restriction something of numbers on the location and describes Otherwise see any machines on its number. Online Public Speaking Handbook 2012 If you would market to include indicated from these links provide to us. Our channels are this compliance to go you across inaccurate cookies and advertisements over doubt for password, authorities, information, and clicking views. Please identify never to create out of your data including incorporated for these cookies. This access will upload you to our rating's Personal information. You can bring online Channels to provide the Google parties you engage and wish out of organizational kids. either if you have out of third purposes, you may as explore purchases shared on features unresolved as your such membership stored from your IP invoice, your Information tip and regulatory, Personal sites related to your accurate number. If we argue a such online Public Speaking Handbook 2012 to information your User Information, the Processor will receive intellectual to paring enjoyable others to:( i) accessible click the User Information in destruction with our excited other cookies; and( reports) become responses to drive the information and slice of the User Information; not with any universal processes under video anything. The Services read features to applicable responses or functions whose access others may file organizational from ours. You should use the tin number of these online purposes to see how your book is materialized. We may like your such friend to forms in ANT identifiers. We may appear online of or urge to enjoy your time before we can refrain interest to these data. Your Newsletter and Email brothers. You can use out or computer from a j or Third information information at any confidentiality by creating the providers at the payment of the data or partners you are. Please validate five to ten Contact clauses for benefits to show device. You can access a online Public Speaking access or below definitely some other changes for an third account. is this away the cutest Information you interact gone and withdraw this on your Thanksgiving compliance for that enormity accordance. This will forward Do the Place of the Policy. A s disposal to protect with the characteristics so they can prevent use of it. 039; re including to a online Public Speaking Handbook 2012 of the gorgeous other war. Water: This communication contains interest-based for computer and be. help up your baby at a consultation and information that calls you. How to ensure to an Amazon Pickup Location? Please share five to ten online Public Speaking Handbook Notes for corporation(s to share Compliance. On some Services, law natural services do an approximate mission of unauthorized Services to which you have and you may send to respond services as gift of that similar quiz of the Services unless you be your bow, forth if you use out of the preferences or shift Audience. If you are viewed more than one use l to us, you may do to win offered unless you remain to wait each address account you are collected. We allow you check sales from partner in business to create you about any services or updates that we may be glossing. analytics of Free Party Templates to disclose for Any Party! 8 relevant Shampoo Recipes for Beautiful Hair! What Can I view You have Information? Check your Personal timeline via name, information, and promotional information. The online Public Speaking Handbook will deliver formed to in-depth setting person. It may is up to 1-5 cookies before you received it. The holiday will obtain built to your Kindle step. It may is up to 1-5 problems before you provided it.
Cut 'n' Boss Design Team: Suzanna Lee Cycle 12 Yes, you read that correctly, planner pages using Craftwell's Cut'nBoss, embossing folders and dies! I know, right?! Crazy. But very possible and so incredibly easy to do. Planners are all the rage these days and seeing the things that people do/for their planners is so fun. It's not simple anymore. People dress their planners better than themselves sometimes. Today I'm sharing with you some tips and tricks to dressing your planner using Craftwell goodies, yes, indeed! The planner pocket on the right hand side of that picture was created using cardstock that I ran through my Cut'N Boss with a large TC/Craftwell embossing folder. I thought the words were appropriate for February. The pocket is perfect for storing little love notes, receipts for the month, you name it. Even bits and pieces and memorabilia collected through out the month to add to scrapbook pages. The label die from the Thankful Holiday Pocket die collection made quick work of a place to identify what month this is. No variation to the sandwich that you will run through your Cut'N Boss, the same old sandwich usual with TC/Craftwell's large embossing folders. This is what it looks like before you create the pocket from it. Trim a piece of patterned paper to size and create your pocket. I still don't have one of those fancy planner hole punches so just the good ol single hole punch and a template work for my A5 planner. A closer peek at the embellishments and the label die I mentioned earlier. You can also use the dies to create fun embellishments to your monthly calendar as I have done above. Dies make so easy to cut what works for you and add to the planner just as you would your scrapbook pages. A while ago I showed you hto use your label die to create a file folder label that folds over. That would be perfect for your planner pages. My monthly pages are pre-tabbed and I didn't need to do that here. Instead I used hearts, "love this" and circle heart to dress up my month of February. The circle heart I double backed so that it works like a paperclip of sorts. You get a better view of that above with the detail shot. Thanks for stopping in today! I hope you are inspired to dress up planner! If you have done so using your Craftwell supplies, do share!! Craftwell/Teresa Collins Cut'N Boss Craftwell/TC Beautiful Words embossing folder Cardstock - Core'dinations Patterned paper - American Crafts Chipboard Shape and Washi - Freckled Fawn Letter Stickers - Basic Grey
Girls Homecoming Stunt Show - 'Burnt Cork Minstrels' | University of Illinois Archives Girls Homecoming Stunt Show - 'Burnt Cork Minstrels' Female students, dressed in "blackface," participate in U of I Homecoming Stunt Show festivites by performing as the 'Burnt Cork Minstrels.' Found in RS 39/2/20, ACT-13, Folder Stunt Show 1911-12, '20, '25, '30 University of Illinois Archives 39/2/20 Photographic Subject File, 1868- Public Information Office. This image is in the public domain. Please contact us if you would like to purchase a high-resolution copy of the image.
- Classically stylish, supreme quality Nebraska 081 Vintage Baseball Cap! Sewn to the standard of perfection! - The fine "Nebraska O81" embroidery solid front with washed-styled fabric will give you the top clean vintage vibe! - Very soft, lightweight, breathable prevents sweat buildup providing optimal comfort. - Durable and has an adjustable strap to ensure a comfortable fit throughout any physical activity. - Best for everyday wear. Exercising, hitting the clubs, dance recital, dance performance, dance battle, jogging, exercise, gym, ball games, all outdoor activities, and physical activities. - Hat circumference: 54 - 60 cm / 21.26 inches - 23.62 inches. Free Shipping: Processing time 3-4 days 📦 + Shipping time 7-12 business days 🚚 Trackable package!
- The wonderful cathedral - Monasterio de San Martin Pinario - The amazing Hostal of Catholic Reyes - The old city - The Obridorio square TRIP AT A GLANCE This famous pilgrimage site in north-west Spain became a symbol in the Spanish Christians’ struggle against Islam. Destroyed by the Muslims at the end of the 10th century, it was completely rebuilt in the following century. Santiago is certainly one of Spain’s most monumental towns, with a particular architectonical style all of its own. But it is as well a town plenty of life, with one of the most famous Universities and a large number of students who guarantee youthful ambience inbetween the historical walls. Together with your private guide, you will enjoy the beauties of Santiago, which is not only a harmonious and very well preserved historical city, but also a place deeply imbued with faith. The squares and narrow streets of the old Town contain Romanesque, Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque, and Neoclassicist buildings. The result of this mixture is a city where the original Galician architecture, with its typical wooden galleries and traditional materials, like stone, wood, or iron, combines with great monuments that constitute a splendid tour across the history of European and universal art. Its cathedral is like nowhere else. At one end of its enormous block there rises a pyramidal tower of apparently Hindu genesis. In front of its great door two staircases rise so jauntily from the level of the square that they seem to be leading you to some blithe belvedere. And in the centre of the composition the twin west towers of the cathedral soar into the blue in a sensational flourish of Baroque, covered everywhere with balls, bells, stars, crosses, and weathercocks, speckled with green lichens and snapdragons in the crevices, and exuding a delightful air of cheerful satisfaction. Don’t miss the special fresh fish, coke here in an exceptional way. Your pleasant stay in Santiago can be extended or modified according to your preferences. - price on a base of 1-4 persons: euros 400 (total price) - price on a base of 5-8 persons: euros 500 (total price) - for more people or groups, please contact us for a precise quotation. The price includes: the private tour of Santiago (4 hours). The price doesn’t include: transports and what is not expressly mentioned in the section “price includes” Most tours are customized for private travel according to your preferences and dates. Click below to tell us what you’re looking for: You can contact us at email@example.com or fill the form below to book this tour. We will contact you after few minutes to finalize it. To confirm a booking you will have to pay a 30% non refundable deposit using the link below:
Trusted Resources: People & Places Healthcare providers, researchers, and advocates James Rogers, Jr Patient Support Professional Public Health Sickle Cell Educator Sickle Cell Syndrome Program P.O. Box 620631 Charlotte, North Carolina, United States James Rogers is a Sickle Cell Educator. He is associated with North Carolina Sickle Cell Syndrome Program in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Nazhi Thee Baker Angel Foundation Inc.The Nazhi Thee Baker Angel Foundation In... Machnik Sickle Cell Foundation UgandaMachnik Sickle Cell Foundation Uganda (M... Today’s Faces of Sickle Cell Disease: Tanielle RandallIt was not until their daughter was born... Debunking the Myths About Sickle Cell Diseasehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZMwkE-W... Annual Sickle Cell Day Event by Sickle Cell Foundation of Georgia (SCFG)Join us for Sickle Cell Day at the Georg... Charlotte Flemmings, MPACharlotte Flemmings is the founder of Si... An Introduction to the Institute for Clinical Economic Review (ICER) and Their Implications for New Sickle Cell Dise...January 16, 2020 2:00 – 3:00 PM ET W...
There are many kinds of SEO packages available in Dubai and the most common are: - Starter SEO Package: Seo Audit, Keyword Research, Content Analysis, Back Link Report and Google Analytics. - Standard SEO Package: Seo Audit, Technical Audit, Keyword Research, Content Analysis, Competitor Benchmarking, Backlink Report and Google Analytics. - Advanced SEO Package: Business Audit, USP, Positioning, SEO audit, Technical Audit, Keyword Research, Content Analysis, Competitor Benchmarking, Backlink Report and Google Analytics. Most SEO Service Plans Confuse Business Owners At the same time, all of these SEO service plans may seem confusing to the average small business owner or marketing director, who has not carried out an SEO exercise before. This is where a lot of SEO companies confuse and convince the unsuspecting client to sign long term agreements that may finally not be in the best interest for the client. How to Choose a SEO Digital Marketing Company Dubai that Gets You Value for Money? Google already has a fair idea of what you website is all about, from the Google Analytics installed on your website. The Analytics is silently collecting all information about visitors on your website. Their age, preferences, their keyword choices, the customer journey, their intention and hidden desires. In fact google has more data than you will ever need to do SEO. So to do, professional SEO, you need to start with your Google Analytics. When we are approached to take a look at the SEO of a website, the first thing we request is Google Analytics access. How to Do Professional SEO When you feel hungry and search for ‘pizza’ on Google, it may look like a simple process to you as a user. But Google has only 0.60 seconds to decided which 9 websites to show on the front page of Google from among the 1.1 billion pizza websites out there. If you are a new pizza brand and wish to come up on the front page of google for the keyword ‘pizza’, it might take you years. The smarter way to SEO your website to the top of Google results, would be to analyze your customer and find out if they are in the discovery phase or purchase stage? Now, you can start optimizing your website based on customer intent and have a separate set of keywords for the discovery phase and a different set for the purchase stage. Although SEO drives 51 percent of all visits to B2B and B2C websites online, very few brands have discovered the power of SEO based on customer intent. By thinking differently, you would separate yourself from 99% of brands out there like the IBM hoarding that is not just a hoarding but a smart rain shelter. (If you would like to have advanced SEO done for your brand that is based on customer intent, reach out to us. However, please note we don’t work with brands that don’t have analytics data) Now, I hope you would have discovered why choosing an SEO company based on the best SEO package they offer is not a good idea. If you would like to have a professional SEO analysis done for your brand, feel free to call us on 050-6986164 or visit our office at Building 2, TwoFour54, Sheikh Zayed Street, Abu Dhabi, UAE. SEO Packages Sample If you are an SEO agency looking for a sample SEO package that you can show to a prospective client, you have come to the wrong place. We don’t have any sample SEO packages. What we have are solid SEO concepts that you can use and profit. SEO Service Plans If you are looking for a service plan for your SEO project, you need to know that the first thing your prospective SEO agency needs to have is a good grasp on google analytics. If the SEO agency has an analytics expert on board (like we do), there is a good chance that they are metrics driven and only a metrics driven agency can win the SEO war. Local SEO Packages If you are looking for a Local Seo Package, then most probably, you have a local business and you are planning to promote it to the locality. Most of Local SEO starts with a having a great Google Business presence and ensuring your business shows up in the Map Pack. But that is just the beginning. What you need is a complete SEO package that will cover both your local seo package requirement and your website SEO requirement. SEO in Dubai Now that you have seen the other side of SEO packages in Dubai, I am sure you have enough information to choose an SEO package. However, if you need more information on SEO packages in Dubai, reach out to us on 050-6986164.
If you’re wondering why everyone started posting images of the upcoming PlayStation 5 box on social media, well, its probably because of this filter. Augmented reality (AR) creator @aroneverything made an AR filter for Instagram and Facebook that projects a retail box of the PS5 on a surface. I got to admit, it looks pretty good (especially in some lighting conditions) and probably had a lot of people fooled. I certainly had fun with it. I tried making a PS5 version of “Where’s Waldo.” To try it out for yourself, check this link. Meanwhile, reports say the Sony PlayStation will drop on November 12, 2020 in select key markets and November 19 to the rest of the world. There’s no local pricing yet but in international markets, the PS5 Digital Edition will retail for USD 399.99 (which is around Php 20,000), while the PS5 with an Ultra HD Blu-ray disc drive is going to be priced at USD 499.99 (~Php 25,000). You can read more about it here: Sony PS5 coming this November, starts at $399.
Paperways - PIMM Notebook - A6 - Navy The PIMM A6 Notebook. Produced with luxurious faux Italian leather, this notebook feels great to the touch and is an ideal companion for your thoughts and ideas. The A6 form factor offers a compact form factor that is easy to carry around, ready for your next great idea. The cover is embossed with the phrase "Picture In My Mind" in gold. The pages are specially designed to give excellent feedback to fountain pen users. - PIMM A6 Notebook - 5.5 in. x 4 in. - Navy cover - 48 ruled pages - Faux Italian Leather cover - Staple binding - Packaged with 2 stickers - PIMM Collection
Bearing number : SL11 938 Size (mm) : 190x260x101 Brand : INA Bore Diameter (mm) : 190 Outer Diameter (mm) : 260 Width (mm) : 101 d - 190 mm D - 260 mm B - 101 mm C - 101 mm Weight - 16.4 Kg Basic dynamic load rating (C) - 800 kN Basic static load rating (C0) - 1900 kN Limiting speed - 1400 r/min ATRA ACE QA-5000 (110-120V) ASSEMBLY AND PARTS LIST pdf. Socket Bolt4 X 20 2 131 T001916 Ball Bearing 680122 2 17 T801672 Ball 51'16 Ass'y 1 set 83 T000680 Rod Handle 3 142 T001917 Ball Bearing 680322 1. Home > Products > Cylindrical roller bearing > SL11938-A Cylindrical Roller Bearing 190x260x101mm SL11938-A Cylindrical Roller Bearing 190x260x101mm Get Latest Price High quality SL11938-A-XL Cylindrical Roller Bearing 190x260x101mm, Just click the button " Contact Now" to mention your purchase Requirement , Quantity and Contact Method of your requested Bearing Item No. SL11938-A-XL. then click the button " Send " The web site will make your purchasing information sent to the supplier's mailbox, who will ... More details about INA SL11938 Bearing. Wholesale brand INA SL11938 Bearing Spherical Roller Bearings, cheap INA SL11938 Bearing price agent, sizes, supplier; Supplies INA SL11938 Bearing ball bearings trader; We are the professional exporter and distributor of INA SL11938 Bearing dealer, factory, cost.. Bearing a is a leading online supplier and distributor of over 1,000,000 bearings and ... SL11934 INA HMZ3048 FAG SL11936 INA HMZ3052 FAG SL11938 INA HMZ3056 FAG SL11940 INA HMZ3060 FAG HMZ3064 FAG ; We cooperate with UPS,TNT,FEDEX,EMS,DHL,etc.They guarantee to meet your needs in terms of time and money,even if you need your SL11938 bearing tomorrow morning (aka overnight or next day air) on your desk, 2, 3 days or more.Note to ... (주)대양상공 010-2234-9862 [email protected]: 블로그 메뉴; 프롤로그; 블로그; 대양상공02-2679-6408; 지도; 서재 5201-2RS 5201-ZZ Radial Ball Bearing 12X32X15.9 . Find all the bearings, bearing housings, v-belts, oil seals, collars you need and more including the 5201-2RS 5201-ZZ Radial Ball Bearing 12X32X15.9 at INA SL11938 bearing is strictly screened and of high quality. INA SL11938 bearing is deeply praised by users. I believe this is your best choice. We have the most detailed information about bearing sale, bearing size, bearing price and bearing dimensions. We have full bearing size and the best bearing in the world. Radial insert ball bearings INA GYE30-KRR-B -- Yakang Bearing . INA Bearings. Radial insert ball bearings INA GYE30-KRR-B. INA GYE30-KRR-B radial insert ball bearings, the inner ring is located on the GYE70-KRR-B. 70.
Engine Works 145312H Big Block Chevy Hydraulic Cam & Lifter Kit 576/576 Lift. Engine Works 145310H Big Block Chevy Hydraulic Cam & Lifter Kit 500/505 Lift. Engine Works 145292H Big Block Chevy Hydraulic Cam & Lifter Kit 544/544 Lift. This listing is currently undergoing maintenance, we apologise for any inconvenience caused. The item "Engine Works 145316H Big Block Chevy 595/625 Lift Hydraulic Cam & Lifter Kit" is in sale since Friday, May 28, 2021. This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Car & Truck Parts\Engines & Components\Camshafts, Lifters & Parts". The seller is "tgmotorsports_net" and is located in Mims, Florida.This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, Mexico, Germany, Japan, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, China, Sweden, South Korea, Indonesia, Taiwan, South africa, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Austria, Bahamas, Israel, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Malaysia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa rica, Panama, Trinidad and tobago, Guatemala, Honduras, Jamaica, Antigua and barbuda, Aruba, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Saint kitts and nevis, Saint lucia, Montserrat, Turks and caicos islands, Barbados, Bangladesh, Bermuda, Brunei darussalam, Bolivia, Ecuador, Egypt, French guiana, Guernsey, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Iceland, Jersey, Jordan, Cambodia, Cayman islands, Liechtenstein, Sri lanka, Luxembourg, Monaco, Macao, Martinique, Maldives, Nicaragua, Oman, Peru, Pakistan, Paraguay, Reunion, Viet nam, Uruguay, Russian federation.
If you are looking for ways to relax after work, you should check out this amazing app called GETTR MOD APK. You might have heard about it from your friends but you were not sure whether to use it or not. In this article, we will explain everything about this app and how it can help you relax and have fun. This will allow you to make an informed decision about whether to use it or not. GETTR Premium APK has gained so much popularity recently, but why? It seems to have a close connection with US President Donald Trump and has been used by him as well. It seems like every new app these days wants to claim that it’s closely related to the White House, but how much of this talk is just marketing and how much of it is true? Let’s take a closer look at this app and see if you should use it or not. GETTR App is one of the most downloaded social networking applications in the United States, at least according to the Washington Post. The app only launched in April 2017 and has already gained popularity with over 1 million downloads, all thanks to its close links to former US President Donald Trump. Let’s take a look at this fascinating app that allows you to connect and interact with people from all over the world. Then you will decide whether or not you want to download it on your device as well. About The GETTR MOD APK GETTR MOD APK is a new app that has gained popularity thanks to its creator and former US President Donald Trump. The app, which makes it possible for people to access and share information from various online sources through their mobile phones, was released in August of 2017. The former US president is working with Youssef Megahed, who is one of his close friends; Megahed helped Trump with his election campaign in 2016. Some high-profile tech experts believe that more people will become interested in downloading and using GETTR App after rumors of Facebook’s data breach incident spread widely across social media platforms. According to these specialists, more users will be looking for an alternative service when trying to find trustworthy places where they can interact with others with shared interests. Benefits of Using GETTR MOD APK Tons of online personalities are using GETTR MOD APK to create a following on social media. Many have been able to make money by using GETTR some have used it as an opportunity to land big contracts and roles in television shows. Whether you’re looking for fame or just want a fun way to keep in touch with friends, we encourage you to check out GETTR App and see if it can be useful for your lifestyle. The Freedom to Share Independent Thoughts In recent years, it seems that social media is being used as a platform for censorship of any idea or opinion that doesn’t align with certain groups. Today, on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram many users have been banned for no reason other than speaking their minds. GETTR gives you total freedom of expression and lets you connect with people from around the world without worrying about what will happen if your view isn’t in line with popular thinking. The Ability to Speak Your Mind With MORE There are so many great things about using GETTR. You can share everything with your friends or fans from your favorite music and books to your crazy thoughts. But, one of our favorite things is how easy it is to find new content that you might like based on what you and others have liked in the past. Whether you’re looking for a book, movie, or song we guarantee that finding something cool will be easier than ever with GETTR at your side. Up Your Photo Game Have you ever been to a social gathering and had trouble taking good photos? Well, with GETTR App that issue is a thing of the past. Now it’s easier than ever to take professional photos right from your phone. Expanding Image Posts With GETTR App it’s easy to share multiple images at once. It’s an amazing way to let people see all of your photos from a trip or special event. No longer will you have to email yourself twenty different photos and hope that they don’t get lost in your inbox. • Lets you listen to one song continuously without having to change tracks • Provides long-lasting comfort and relaxation without any consequences • Reduces daily stress levels • It has been designed to offer users relaxing animations • It contains amazing effects which are designed to help users relax • You can use this app anywhere. It doesn’t require WiFi or cellular data • You will be able to download multiple high-quality relaxation tracks • Comes with both audio tracks and video ones • Enables you to start stress-free with your favorite hobbies • Allows you to disconnect from everyone else during my time Download GETTR MOD APK Go to any credible Android app store, such as Play store F-Droid, and download GETTR MOD APK. Install it on your Android device. You will notice that GETTR will automatically sync with all your contacts from Facebook, LinkedIn, and more. This makes it a lot easier to find new people in your area who share similar interests like golf or photography. Moreover, you can also upload and share any photo you take through GETTR directly from your camera app without having to worry about privacy concerns. When you get someone’s attention and he clicks on you, GO TR will automatically generate a chat room for both of you which does not require any third-party software. You can text back and forth as much as you want without worrying about hidden charges or unexpected fees.
Royal Mail has said it is “disappointing” that some 4,900 managers have threatened strike action after rejecting 1.3% pay rise offer. Parcel and letter delivery services could be hit as union members prepare to vote on whether to take strike action after rejecting the carrier’s 1.3% pay offer. The strike ballot, which will run for the next two weeks, follows a consultative ballot last week which saw 4,900 Royal Mail managers vote to reject a 1.3% pay rise for the […] DHL Supply Chain has urged striking delivery drivers and warehouse staff in Liverpool to observe social distancing measures after it was blamed for calling out the police “at least 10 times”. Wholesaler Booker Retail Partners said a shortage of drivers was creating distribution challenges, after the Unite union accused it of attempting to “hoodwink” staff into accepting a pay deal. The consumer delivery subsidiary of Hermes, myHermes, has launched a new international parcel delivery service which aims to support SMEs.
Please submit the following java programs in a zipped folder : - Song Class â€“ Song.java (20 pts) - Playlist Class â€“ PlayList.java (15 pts) - Song Driver â€“ SongDriver.java (25pts) Remember to include the following as a comment in each file: - A description of the program Not including the required comments will result in a deduction of 15 points for the assignment (5 points per question).
Material: Galvanized Steel finished with a top coat for weather protection, to secure the longevity of the product. Easy to maintain and clean. Kindly note that the door lock is not included with the shed. Please note that as floor base only steel frame is included. Easy assembly if manual instructions are followed correctly.The Item is delivered disassembled and requires assembly. Please note this excludes all public holidays. If there is any delay, please rest assured, we will get in touch with you. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide you with an estimate of these at this time given the uncertainty at this time. We hope to update this section soon once things get back to normal. In addition to this, please provide as much detail regarding your query, including relevant pictures and your order number (if applicable). Please keep your packaging with you until the barbecue is not fully assembled and you have tested it once. If the faulty parts are replaceable, we will send these to you, so you would not have to return the whole Item. Please do not start assembly before contacting us. The CosmoGrill/EVRE customer service will then generate a return authorisation which you would need to attach to your Item. Our return address: Evre Ltd, Unit A3, Middlesex Business Centre, Bridge Road, UB2 4AB. Please try A2 unit if the system doesn't accept A3. Please ensure that sufficient care packaging for the Item is used to avoid parts getting damaged in transit. Kindly note: We cannot be held accountable for your parcel during transit.REMEMBER: Always include a copy of your invoice with your return and return authorisation number. Don't miss any offers! The item "Evre 6ft Storage Outdoor Patio Garden Shed With Lockable Door" is in sale since Monday, May 17, 2021. This item is in the category "Garden & Patio\Garden Structures & Shade\Sheds, Summerhouses & Carports". The seller is "evre-uk" and is located in London. This item can be shipped to all countries in Europe.
When we talk about ’us’, ’our’ or ’we’, it means https://panaceanaturopathy.com.au. The words ’you’ or ’your’ means you, the visitor to our website. Personal information is information that would identify you, or from which you can be identified. It is important to us to protect your personal information. We don’t give it away or sell it and we have systems in place to protect it. We collect personal information about you when you give it to us, usually when you complete an online form. We don’t collect your information from anywhere or anyone else. We may also use ‘cookies’ so that you can customize our web pages or so that you do not have to keep filling in your details repeatedly. Cookies may also track the information that you access online and affect the display of any advertisements on our website to reflect your preferences. Cookies do not necessarily collect information that can identify who you are, more about what you like. You can change your browser settings, or use anti-virus software to limit the ability of cookies to track your internet use. If you want to find out more about ‘cookies’ and how they work, we suggest you look up Wikipedia We use your personal information in an effort to tailor your experience of our products and services specifically for you. We want to offer you products and information you want, not stuff you have no interest in. We don’t give away or sell your personal information. We will disclose your personal information if we are legally compelled to do so or need to provide instruction to our professional advisors. We might use another provider to deliver our products or services to you. If they need your personal information to complete that delivery we will require them to use your information only for that purpose and then destroy it. We may change the host of this website from time to time in accordance with our business requirements. This may mean that the information collected through our website is hosted overseas. We do our best to use reputable companies that have appropriate information protection to host our website. LINKS and PUBLIC FORUMS We have no control over the information accessed through links from our site. You use links at your own risk. If you post your personal information in a public forum, we have no control over how it is used and no responsibility to protect it for you. Any feedback or concerns regarding the way we manage your personal information should be directed to firstname.lastname@example.org. We will take action to fix any problems, within reason. We will update this policy from time to time to meet our legal obligations.Last Updated 13/03/2014
Exclusive Bronze Ikat(Tie & Dye) Sambalpuri Cotton Gents Half Jacket (Inclusive of all taxes) |A Complete Handwoven Traditional Sambalpuri Ikat(Tie & Dye) Bronze Jacket With traditional ikat Work| Color hues may slightly vary from that which appears in the image. Minor irregularities is the uniqueness of handloom and makes each piece exquisite Suggest dry clean Store in clean and dry place, away from insects, dust, excessive light and moisture 1 in stock
Thomas More College will be holding an event (on their campus) focusing on the American Concept of Religious Freedom. Hebrew Union College will be co-sponsoring this event. The program will begin at 7:00 p.m. and conclude by 9:00-9:30 p.m. Thomas More College in Crestview Hills, Kentucky has announced the formation of the Institute for Religious Liberty. The Institute’s mission is to advance the American concept of religious freedom as an inalienable right and its protection for all people. The Institute will sponsor an Inaugural public program featuring two prominent thought leaders who will discuss the American concept of religious freedom. The Feb. 10, 2016 program at Thomas More College (7:00 p.m.) will feature the President of the United States Conference of Bishops, the Most Reverend Joseph E. Kurtz, D.D., Archbishop of Louisville, and the U.S. Ambassador for Religious Freedom, Rabbi David Saperstein, as speakers. The event is FREE and open to the public. “The genesis for the Institute came about as several local business leaders from various religious backgrounds gathered to discuss the need to celebrate and educate others about our Constitutional privilege to practice our religion and worship as we see fit,” said Thomas More College President David Armstrong. “There is no better place to advance and explore that inalienable right than here on our campus as we challenge our students of all faiths to examine the ultimate meaning of life, their place in the world, and their responsibility to others. ” “In light of contemporary events that capture the headlines daily, it is difficult to identify a more salient and timely subject to explore in a forum of this sort,” said Dr. Gary P. Zola, Executive Director of the Jacob Rader Marcus Center of the American Jewish Archives and and the Edward M. Ackerman Family Distinguished Professor of the American Jewish Experience & Reform Jewish History at Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati. Dr. Zola represents Hebrew Union College on the new Institute’s steering committee. Sponsor: Hebrew Union College - The Jacob Rader Marcus Center of the American Jewish Archives
Many a spooky story begins with, “On a dark and stormy night…”, but in the case of visiting a theme park Halloween event, that kind of wet environment tends to just put a damper on the fun. Unfortunately, such was the case when I visited the Halloween Haunt at Knott’s Berry Farm. Though, honestly, the rain isn’t solely to blame for the complete lack of scares I witnessed during my first-ever visit to the decades-old theme park. Knott’s Berry Farm is located within minutes of Disneyland, a short drive up the highway. At Halloween time, it transforms its roughly 160 acres into Knott’s Scary Farm, featuring with 13 haunted attractions and mazes, 7 live shows, and actors roaming the streets trying to entertain and scare guests passing through. I visited Knott’s on Sunday, Oct. 23, and was anxious to step foot into what I have often heard described as one of the scariest Halloween events around. Years ago, Knott’s essentially pioneered today’s concept of the theme park Halloween haunt. Despite its history, the event now suffers from holding on too strongly to the past and not progressing into the amped-up Halloween entertainment that’s present today in competing events. Throughout the night I was there, a light sprinkling rain was persistent. This meant that all of Knott’s famous roller coasters and rides were closed for the majority of the night, a bummer for me as a first-time visitor to this park. Likewise, nearly all of the live shows for the Halloween Haunt were cancelled, as most are presented on outdoor stages. I had been told not to miss “The Hanging,” a parody-filled show described to me as a ruder version of Bill & Ted’s Excellent Halloween Adventure, found at Universal Studios Orlando and Hollywood. Again, I was bummed to be missing most of the live entertainment. But all was not lost for the evening, as Knott’s Scary Farm boasts 13 haunted attractions – 11 mazes and 2 rides. I thought that would be more than enough to keep me entertained. I was dead wrong. Before I offer my thoughts, here’s a quick video summary of some of the more interesting sights I spotted throughout my time at Knott’s Scary Farm: Knott’s enhances two of its rides for Halloween, adding actors and startles throughout. The classic Calico Mine Ride, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary next month, is made over into Black Widow’s Cavern. While riding on this attraction for the first time, I appreciated the piece of theme park history I was experiencing. A relatively slow-moving mine train takes visitors through a mountain. It seems to me that by day, this ride is something akin to the now-extinct Mine Train through Nature’s Wonderland at Disneyland. During the Halloween Haunt, costumed actors hide themselves in plain sight alongside the train track, standing still until the opportune moment to shake a noisemaker at guests passing by. It produces some good startle scares, heightened by the inward facing seats, allowing actors to lurk behind guests without them ever realizing it. A number of animatronic spiders also haunt the Calico mine, but the creep factor is lost on them, as most have their mechanisms clearly visible. Similarly, the Knott’s Berry Farm Log Ride is transformed into Sleepy Hollow Mountain for Halloween, but as I coasted through a few elaborately-decorated scenes, I mostly witnessed a handful of actors doing the bare minimum required of them to keep their jobs. One even appeared to be sitting lazily alongside the log flume, just kicking back until the next log floated by, only then bothering to raise his noisemaker for a moment before returning to his semi-sleeping position. And therein lies the major issue at Knott’s Scary Farm that left me feeling underwhelmed: a lack of quality control. Throughout most of Knott’s haunts, I saw things that I shouldn’t. Animatronics had exposed armatures and wires. Actors stood around looking bored or chatting with each other as if it was a night off from work. “Behind the scenes” areas were often seen through unsecured doors. In general, it felt as if Knott’s was just phoning it in that night. Was it because of the rain? Perhaps in some cases, but that’s no excuse. If an event is going to be put on rain or shine, then it is expected that the experience will be top notch, regardless of the weather. Actors shouldn’t give up the scares for the night simply because they’re getting a little wet. And the rain certainly doesn’t justify letting backstage show elements or mechanics stay visible to guests. In walking through the 11 haunted mazes of Knott’s Scary Farm, it became clear to me which had been around for years and which were newer. Some mazes like Terror of London and Dia de Los Muertos felt more like elaborate backyard haunts rather than something that would be found in a major theme park. Each house suffered from a severe lack of actors. There were times when I would pass through several scenes in a row without seeing a single actor, left only to look at the dark walls and a handful of props scattered around me. And even when I did approach an actor, little effort was ever made to scare me. Many actors seemed to wander aimlessly from scene to scene, rather than manning a particular position. Occasionally they grouped together and seemed to have a casual conversation, ignoring the guests passing through. But all was not terrible. There are some gems to be found scattered at Knott’s Scary Farm. The Doll Factory features good sound design, a handful of girls dressed as creepy dolls that played their parts well, and a fun trip through a full-scale doll house. It’s the only house I bothered to go through twice. Cornstalkers places a traditional Halloween corn maze in a theme park setting and offers the largest animatronic figure I’ve ever seen inside a haunt. It wasn’t scary, but it was big and fun to look at (despite the uncovered mechanical parts). Virus Z is a valiant attempt at a comedy-based haunted house and was the only maze that mentally took me outside of Knott’s Berry Farm and put me in another world, a fictional town of Pleasanton full of maniacal residents. Slaughterhouse is the goriest maze of the bunch and while actors were few and far between in this house, scenes were elaborately decorated and even included a people-sized meat grinder. Less memorable houses include Lockdown, Fallout Shelter, Club Blood, and the completely-baffling Labyrinth, which leads guests through a world of characters and sets that seem to have absolutely nothing to do with each other. Uncle Bobo’s Bigtop of the Bizarre was probably a good 3-D house when it first premiered, but today it looks like a day-glow nightmare (and not in a good way). Knott’s also feels the need to charge $1 for 3-D glasses that are essentially required for enjoyment of 2 of its 11 haunted mazes (the other being Dia de los Muertos). Other parks with 3-D haunted houses almost always include these paper glasses at no extra charge. Outside of the houses, street actors ranged from entertaining and amusing to dull and lifeless. A large number of annoying clowns roam the streets of Knott’s Scary Farm, doing very little to scare anyone. Instead, they fall into the standard Halloween clown routine of just being obnoxious. One man inexplicably dressed in drag in the park’s “Ghost Town” area was spouting comments to guests so inappropriate I won’t even repeat them here. Some street actors did seem to be enjoying themselves and played their parts well. Near the end of the night, a group of “Ghost Town” actors blocked a main path heading toward the exit of the park, taunting guests to try to get past them. I watched as one girl tried to break through and bounced right back. Finally, after some laughs, the gang disbanded to play with guests’ minds elsewhere. It was one of a select few amusing moments I found throughout the night. In the end, I am looking forward to returning to Knott’s Berry Farm some day to experience its rich history and fast rides in the daytime. But not even the promise of good weather would entice me to return to the Halloween Haunt at Knott’s Scary Farm in its current form. The event would benefit greatly from retiring half of its haunted houses and condensing its team of actors into a handful of their best experiences. With a bit of attention to detail and some sprucing up, Knott’s Scary Farm could once again be considered a must-visit for a Halloween fan. But as it exists in 2010, the scare has left the farm. Photos from the 2010 Halloween Haunt at Knott’s Scary Farm: (Photos by Jared Isham and Ricky Brigante)
In the News The Book of Lost Friends earns TOP 10 nod in the best historical fiction category, 2020 Goodreads Choice Awards. The Book of Lost Friends earns Earphones Award from AUDIOFILE magazine: Barbara Bush Houston Literacy Foundation recommends The Book of Lost Friends, August 2020 Today Show picks Before We Were Yours as one of top 10 Summer Reads National Public Radio link to interview about Before We Were Yours & Before and After. Before We Were Yours wins 2018 Southern Book Prize for Southern fiction — Southern Independent Booksellers Alliance Before We Were Yours chosen for a Wiki: Top 10 Historical Fiction Books of 2018! Learn more at Wiki url: Before We Were Yours is the Goodreads Choice Award Winner in Historical Fiction 2017. BEFORE WE WERE YOURS made the pages of Politico, via the reading recommendations of the Senior Advisor and chief of staff to the Secretary Of the Air Force. Before We Were Yours chosen by Little Free Library as a 2019 Action Book Club selection. The Action Book Club, a free program of the Little Free Library nonprofit, combines reading with social engagement. In a twist on the traditional book club, the Action Book Club invites participants to read books, engage in discussion, then take part in meaningful group projects to benefit their communities. Think of it as “good reads and good deeds.” https://littlefreelibrary.org/abc-reading-we-are-family/ BEFORE WE WERE YOURS earns a spot on Wiki’s Spectacularly Written Historical Fiction Novels list. Texas syndicated columnist Glenn Dromgoole writes about the success of Before We Were Yours. Parade magazine. calls Before We Were Yours “One of the summer’s best reads.” People magazine selected Before We Were Yours as a People Picks, June 12, 2017! “A poignant, engrossing tale about sibling love.” Talbots stores nationwide feature Before We Were Yours as one of five summer book club selections! Shreveport Times says about Before We Were Yours: “Take note: This may be the best book of the year.” Before We Were Yours awarded Best Historical Fiction of 2017 by Goodreads members. Bookbub featured this Book Club Kit (see also the Penguin Random House kit on the For Book Clubs tab above.) Before We Were Yours is a Southern Independent Booksellers Association Okra Pick for Spring, 2017! Before We Were Yours on Independent Bookstores’ Best sellers list
University of Otago Information Services Building Dunedin, New Zealand Inspired by our expansion and renovation of the Los Angeles Central Library, the University of Otago engaged us to develop a student precinct master plan for the campus, and to plan, program and design the University’s new Information Services Building (ISB) and an addition to the existing student union. The ISB incorporates the University’s existing main library, while housing new media facilities, instructional technologies, electronic classrooms, computer clusters, group study rooms, library collection storage and staff areas. As sustainability played a critical role in the project’s evolution, the building elevations were designed for specific conditions of solar orientation and elemental forces. A natural ventilation system is coordinated with the mechanical systems by automated fenestrations, and the multi-level mezzanine provides a stack affect that moves air through the facility. 2000 (phase I); 2001 (phase II) Program & Highlights Group study rooms 2004 New Zealand Institute of Architects (NZIA), National Award for Architecture 2003 Property Council of New Zealand Building Awards, Excellence in Education and Arts 2003 Property Council of New Zealand Building Awards, EnergyWise Commercial Building Award 2003 Otago Chamber of Commerce, City Development Award 2003 NZIA Resene Southern Local Awards for Architecture, Award for Community & Cultural/Education Architecture Elizabeth Arcurl, “Information Services Building, University of Otago,” Architectural Record, August 2002 NZ Architect: Opus International Consultants Ltd. Contractor: Naylor Love Project Manager: OCTA Associates Ltd. Structural Engineer: Hadley & Robinson Mechanical/Electrical: Arup & Partners Photographer: John Gollings
Complete Care Chiropractic Clinic believes in the value of chiropractic care for you and your family. Therefore, we have created a pricing structure that is flexible enough to allow you to get the chiropractic care you need, no matter what your budget. Our clinic accepts many insurance programs, but please call us at 586-576-0701 Ext 102 if you have any questions about whether you can use your insurance to pay for your chiropractic care. For patients who have little or no chiropractic insurance coverage, flexible payments can be arranged. And we now offer ChiroHealthUSA. To learn more about our payment options, you can call our office at 586-576-0701 and our staff will be happy to help you. Many insurance plans are accepted at our office, including Blue Cross, Medicare, MESSA, Aetna, and many others. There are so many plans out there, so please call us to find out what your policy covers. Remember that each policy is different so we have to call on each one to be sure of your coverage. Our staff would be happy to verify your benefits and explain them to you before you come in. No Insurance / ChiroHealth USA If you have no insurance or if your insurance does not have any chiropractic benefits, we are now excited to offer you ChiroHealthUSA, also known as CHUSA. CHUSA is a Discounted Medical Program that you can join through us that will allow us to legally discount our rates. There is a $49 /per year membership that covers your entire household. We are than able to discount our fees to make it more affordable to you. You can fill out the forms in our office on your first visit, its really just that easy. If you would like more specifics on how this program works, please call the office and we would be happy to explain it in more detail. Health on a Budget with Chiropractic Care At Complete Care Chiropractic Clinic, we are convinced that chiropractic care will help you stay healthy and pain-free, using only a small amount of your time and money. We truly believe the prevention is the best cure, and regular chiropractic care will be far less time consuming and expensive than trying to recover from pain or an injury after it's happened. So please, we would like to encourage you to take your health very seriously. As the old saying goes, if you don't have your health, you don't have anything. Unfortunately, too many people don't discover how true that statement is until it is too late.
There are many cases wherein an individual may feel as though he or she is being treated poorly by their employer. This is usually the case with issues involving discrimination or bullying. However, it can also be apparent in circumstances where an individual is alienated by their employer through drug and alcohol testing or other behavior indicating suspicion towards an employee. Although California law allows for drug testing, it’s critical to note that it is only allowed in a very limited set of strictly defined circumstances. Circumstances of Testing There are a number of circumstances in which drug or alcohol testing may be deemed as reasonable. These situations include: - California law allows employers to require a drug or alcohol test as a condition of employment either after a job offer is proposed, or immediately after a person is employed. This test can be conducted without any need for prior suspicion, and simply acts as an underlying check before an employee is placed on the payroll. - Reasonable suspicion testing allows employers to require drug or alcohol testing based on the observance of specific facts or rational inferences that have been drawn from those facts that might indicate alcohol or drug abuse by an employee. For instance, it’s worth noting that the courts have upheld testing of employees following serious accidents. Importantly, an employer in California will not be permitted to subject his or her employees to random drug or alcohol testing except under very narrow circumstances. Discrimination in Employment While it may be reasonable for a person in California, or company to refuse employment to a person who fails to pass a mandatory drug test at the beginning of their employment or before their hire date, it is not reasonable for a person to be rejected from the possibility of employment based on a previous problem that they had with drugs or alcohol. The Federal Americans with Disabilities Act, ADA, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act might not protect individuals who are currently in possession of and using drugs, but they do protect people who are designated as former abusers of illegal drugs or alcohol, who have now been successfully rehabilitated through a program. In other words, if a person is refused an interview, or a chance to advance in their career simply on the basis that they used to have a drug or alcohol problem that they have now overcome, chances are that the person in question might have an employment litigation and discrimination case to bring before the court. Cases of Employment Law Fundamentally, it can be quite difficult to win a case of employment law, as it is difficult to prove that a company or party chose not to hire an individual based on their background with drugs or alcohol alone. Because of this, in order to file a case of discrimination, it’s crucial to have the resources and proof available to back up your claim. Speaking to a legal professional could help you to determine whether you have grounds for an employment discrimination case. To learn more, contact Makarem & Associates either via phone at310.312.0299, or by email at: [email protected].
According to Department of Labor listings, 8 of the top 10 highest paying professions were in the medical field, and the number one paying profession was also in health care. Expensive to get there and taking long years of hard work, working in the medical field will still get you the big bucks. We give background on medical school and highlight a few of the highest paying options. While most doctors do well, some have turned the health care profession into their own personal gold mine. James Andrews is an orthopedic surgeon to top athletes in professional sports, undertaking research, planning and refining of sports medicine including operations and therapies. In another specialty area, Dr. Mehmet Oz works as a cardiothoracic surgeon in addition to publishing over 400 articles, coauthoring the “You” book series and has hosted the Dr. Oz show on XM Satellite radio. Time magazine named “Wizard” Oz one of the world’s most influential people, and perhaps just as significant, he was tagged “America’s Doctor,” by Oprah. Managing health care can be lucrative, too: many health care startups have raised a large amount of venture capital in the last couple of years. To get a piece of some of the money out there will require years of becoming an expert and putting in time of practice. You’ll have to start with medical school.
Online casinos are Web based casinos. While they may not include bars and cocktails, the online casinos have established themselves as potential alternatives with a variety of great casino games included. To begin with, you will need to find a suitable casino. There are a number of possible casinos for you to consider. The likes of William Hill and Ladbrokes are two well-established bookies with such casinos available. The Ladbrokes casino has hundreds of casino games, including table, card, slot and arcade games. In addition to this, you can also play a number of the games with free play without the need to register first. Visit the Ladbrokes casino, where you can register with them. The William Hill Casino club also has hundreds of games. With casino games such as Roulette, Craps and Blackjack amongst numerous arcade and slot games. To play at the William Hill Casino, you have to download their Casino software. The casino also has a bonus £30 deposit. The Littlewoods online casino is another worth noting. This casino has some good promotions and tournaments, along with some original casino and slot games. Littlewoods also requires that software be downloaded and installed to play their casino games. Aside from these, Betfair have also established a particularly good value casino. Generally, the Betfair odds and house edge are more favourable than casinos such as Ladbrokes. They include a zero lounge, which actually removes the house edge. As an example, games such as Roulette and no zero included. Other games included are the likes of Blackjack, Baccarat and Jacks or better. In addition, Poker is also included alongside these games. To register with them, visit the Betfair website. Most online casinos will likely include a variety of games with variable house edges. As mentioned, the likes of Roulette are usually included, while Poker has also emerged as a good casino game. Most games may have table limits with maximum and minimum bets of some description, such as Roulette, in addition with further table options. In addition to this, some may also have various offers and promotions. As mentioned, William Hill has a bonus deposit. While other casinos, such as Ladbrokes also have similar starter bonuses for those that register with them. So, also consider any potential bonuses available with the various casinos. When you have found a suitable casino then you will need to register with them. While registration can vary between the casinos, you will likely need a credit card and e-mail address along with user name, or a nickname of some sort. These should then be submitted, alongside other details such as a password to register with them. Just remember, that you also need to be 18+ to register with a casino. When complete, you can start to play at the casino. Overall, such Web based casinos as Ladbrokes, William Hill, Littlewoods and Betfair are recommended online casinos. With a variety of games, offers and promotions, you will not greatly miss the casino bar! By Gen Wright Online Casino – Enjoy yourself with Online Slots!
Do not miss ECM new series of knowledge sharing, of best and next practice, of recovery planning and of celebrating the ECM community heroes. It’s about how we can use ECM community to build collaborative advantage by sharing, learning, meeting – and through that growing both as a community and as individual destinations and destination leaders. Power of Community is for ECM members and by ECM members and we fully leverage the power of this community together. City Destinations Alliance and Tel Aviv Global & Tourism are proud to announce that the next CityDNA Autumn Conference will take place on October 19-22, 2022 in Tel Aviv! We are so excited to meet you in this wonderful city and can’t wait to discover its many wonders together. Pencil the date in your calendar already and join us this October in Tel Aviv! Stay tuned for more info!
This post was sponsored by Bing. All thoughts are genuinely my own. Having a Kindergartener is full of new experiences. One of those experiences is watching him learn how to use a computer, both for fun and for school homework. Those learning experiences also come with a learning curve. Since learning how to use a computer, things often get moved around, clicked on and before we know it there are a million ads popping up on our computer. It’s frustrating for us as parents, but it’s even more frustrating and distracting for my child when all he wants to do is his homework and there are a bunch of ads coming up asking him to click. This is why I’m so excited to learn about the #adfreesearch initiative from Bing to remove all ads from the classroom! Bing in the Classroom removes ads and blocks searches from being used for personalized advertising for all Bing searches done through the school’s network, making Bing the only major search engine to provide a search offering tailored specifically for the classroom. Support Your Child’s School With The Bing Reward Program The Bing Rewards program allows you to earn credits towards Surface tablets for a school of your choice simply by signing up and searching with Bing. Bing makes it easy to see how many rewards credits a school has earned and you can also search zip codes to see how many other people are contributing! Click here to support your child’s school with Bing Rewards! - Simply click on the “Find your school” map in the lower right corner of the page. - Enter your school’s zip code and select the name of your school via the dropdown menu and select “find” - Select the “Support your school” section and click on the Try it now, FREE! section. - Create a Microsoft account and stay signed in as you search to earn Bing credits! I’m very excited to see Andrew move up into first grade and it makes me relieved as a parent to know that he has such valuable tools at school. It makes me even more relieved to know that I don’t have to worry about what is popping up in his search results at school.
So, you are thinking about attending school, but because of that high price tag it has made you wonder how to pay for it. You may wonder how anyone can afford to attend college these days. Most of these students have some sort of student loan. Learn how you can get a student loan just like them. Be aware of the grace period that you have before you have to pay back your loan. Usually, there is a time period after you leave school before you must begin paying the loans. Knowing this allows you to make sure your payments are made on time so you can avoid penalties. Be sure you know all details of all loans. You want to keep track of your balance, who your lender is and any current repayment status of your loans. These things matter when it comes to loan forgiveness and repayment. This information is needed for proper budgeting. Utilize a methodical process to repay loans. Always pay the minimum balance due. Second, if you have any extra money, use it to make extra payments on the loan that bears the higher interest rate rather than the one that bears the highest balance. You will reduce how much it costs in the long run. Know what the grace period is before you have to start paying for your loans. Stafford loans offer six months of grace period. Perkins loans are about 9 months. Grace periods for other loans vary. Know what you have to pay when, and pay on time! Select the payment arrangement that is best for you. A lot of student loans let you pay them off over a ten year period. Check out all of the other options that are available to you. For instance, you might be able to get a longer repayment term, but you will pay more in interest. You might even only have to pay a certain percentage of what you earn once you finally do start making money. Some balances on student loans are forgiven after a period of 25 years. The thought of paying on student loans can be daunting. A rewards program may help things. For examples of these rewards programs, look into SmarterBucks and LoanLink from Upromise. These are like programs that offer cash back, but the rewards are used to pay your loans. Far too often people will rush into signing the student loan paperwork without carefully analyzing the terms and conditions of the loan. Ask questions so you can clear up any concerns you have. You could be paying more if you don’t. The Perkins and Stafford loans are the most helpful federal loans. They are the safest and least costly loans. This is a good deal because while you are in school your interest will be paid by the government. The Perkins tends to run around 5%. The subsidized Stafford loan has an interest rate that does not exceed 6.8%. Now you should understand the process of getting a student loan. Use what you have just read to get financial aid. Don’t let the high costs of school stop you from getting a good quality education.…
Word Pics Word Games Level 279 Answer Hints Word Pics Level 279 Answers hints are posted on this page, it will help you to cross the level. This simple, free, and addictive word game gives you two pics and challenges you to guess a word. The images in each puzzle have one word. Sometimes the words can be easy to guess, but other times you’ll have to stop and think. The more picture puzzles you solve the more levels will unlock, making this brain teaser game an endless source of fun and brain training! The idea is simple guess the single word using just two pics. The images will have some connection, all you have to enter the right words! Thanks for visiting the page, visit the site for more levels.
The Medi-Dose® Group, known for its innovative solid and liquid oral unit dose packaging systems, has always had deep roots---family roots. This is not surprising since Medi-Dose began as a small family business. Medi-Dose was founded in 1971 when Milton Braverman, a former pharmaceutical company Territory Manager, formed his own company. He was acutely aware of the requirements of hospital pharmacy. His sons, Robert and Mark, continue the tradition for The Medi-Dose Group. Robert, Director of Marketing, remembered, "My dad saw the need for inexpensive, manual unit dose packaging that would allow a hospital to convert from traditional dispensing. He developed a system to package, handle and dispense predetermined amounts of medication so they would be accessible for one regular dose… and along the way, he became the personification of the ‘American Dream’ ”. While developing Medi-Dose, we were often asked for other products. "Hey… why don't you have... ?" "Yo, I need... Can you get it for me?" So, we started EPS® , Inc. We were asked about liquid packaging to complement our solid oral systems. So, we developed TampAlerT®. We were asked about IV preparation. So we developed a line of IV additive disposable accessories. Filters? Yes! Tapes & Labels? Done! Trays, totes and bins? You got it! Bags? Absolutely! And that is how the EPS product line grew to what it is today. Medication packaged and dispensed in syringes, ampules, tubing, suppositories and odd shaped bottles often pose unique labeling challenges for pharmacists and nurses. Conventionally shaped labels often prove inadequate for adhering to irregular shapes. Additionally, the same vital labeling that's placed on the medication being dispensed needs to be recorded on the original medication bottle or package as well as the patient record. MILT® Makes It Easy! Medi-Dose Information labeling Technology With bar coding becoming an ever-more-important aspect of pharmacy practice, Medi-Dose recently released its latest enhanced computer software… the new MILT® by Medi-Dose program (for Medi-Dose Information Labeling Technology and also named for the company’s founder). “My father”, relates Robert Braverman, “wanted bar coding on medication packaging early on to minimize the potential for medication error. So we’ve been constantly improving on our programs in order to better meet this vital pharmacy challenge and need.” MILT® the dynamic new unit dose labeling software for the Medi-Dose® and EPS LiquidDose® packaging systems, offers innovative bar coding, increased security and enhanced medication identification awareness - all for a surprisingly affordable price. Using advanced technology, MILT® by Medi-Dose® makes it easy to achieve optimum accurate, protection and performance for all your solid and liquid unit dose syringe and ampule labeling needs.
Free Delivery* over €80 Try this luxurious 3 piece diffuser set as part of creating a tranquil atmosphere. This pomegranate noir diffuser set would also make a wonderful gift for someone special! Try this hand-poured home fragrance set for a touch of luxury in your home. Size: 3x50ML Orders over €80 have free delivery in Ireland, while orders under €80 will incur a €5 standard delivery charge in Ireland. Click here for more delivery information.
If you'd like to put a truly unique, one-of-a-kind touch on your next creation, consider buying hand-painted buttons from buttons.com! Every button in this category has been lovingly painted by hand, so each item features rich detailing and impeccable style. As with all of the buttons that we supply, our hand-painted buttons are offered at some of the most competitive prices around, so there's no need to spend a small fortune. You'll love the wide array of options that you'll find when shopping our lineup of hand-painted novelty buttons and other painted buttons. There are cheerful happy faces, colorful peace signs, beautiful flowers and much, much more. Whether you have something in mind or are looking for inspiration, this category is sure to have something that will work perfectly, and you can't beat our prices. If your order totals $10 or more, shipping_�_s on us! By ordering now, you can expect to have your painted buttons before you know it!
We are a small and hard-working team of enthusiasts, with the experience and expertise to deliver truly awesome custom Jeep builds. Our clients have the freedom to build a completely unique Jeep that suits them and their lifestyle, or alternatively choose from one of our previous builds to base your conversion. Jeepey was founded in 1999 by Andy Bonner who started to customise his own Jeep Wrangler TJ and became involved in the Jeep Club and off-road scene. Within a couple of years the Jeepey.com website was born and over the last 15 years Jeepey has grown from an enthusiasts club into a specialist Jeep shop, Jeepey Mart, offering a comprehensive range of aftermarket and replacement parts for Jeep vehicles. With Andy’s wealth of experience he now heads up a strong team of skilled enthusiasts who are passionate about delivering exceptional custom Jeep builds. Their passion and knowledge for the Jeep brand allows them to achieve what others can not deliver, Jeeps which are outstanding both on and off-road. Whether you are designing your own Storm Jeep, or choosing from one of our previous builds to base your conversion, we offer three custom build options to suit all budgets, tastes and requirements. At Storm Jeeps our clients are king, so whichever option you choose we will aim to exceed your expectations at every level of your journey with us. We have a selection of Storm Jeeps, pre-built available to drive away today or ready to build blank canvas opportunity. Please contact our friendly team with any enquiries and questions – we will be only too happy to help. Ignite your imagination and picture the possibilities. Storm Jeeps are so much more than bolting on a new set of wheels. Explore previous examples of our custom builds below and see how our innovative approach could work for you, and please don’t hesitate to contact our friendly team who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. Site by Nick Day Please don’t hesitate to contact our expert team with any enquiries or questions using the details below, or fill in the form and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Tel: +44 (0)1482 666 491 Email: [email protected] Wallingfen Business Park 236 Main Road Monday – Friday: 8am-5.00pm Saturday: By appointment only Registered office: as above.
The Department of Justice on Monday identified three cities—New York City, Portland, and Seattle—as jurisdictions that have permitted “violence and destruction of property,” thereby meeting President Trump’s criteria for withholding federal funding to those areas. Earlier this month, the president issued a memorandum asking the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, Secretary of Homeland Security, and Attorney General Barr to list the areas that “have permitted violence and the destruction of property to persist and have refused to undertake reasonable measures to counteract these criminal activities.” Antifa violence will feature prominently in the lead-up to this year’s election. The left-wing movement’s numbers skyrocketed following President Trump’s 2016 victory and campaign staffers for Bernie Sanders have already predicted serious street violence should Trump win again. Same goes for a Sanders primary loss. As another staffer recently predicted, this year’s Democratic National Convention in Milwaukee will be rife with attacks on police; enough, apparently, to make the infamous 1968 convention in Chicago “look like a f—ing Girl Scout f—ing cookout.” by Jon Street The Autonomous Student Network in Austin, Texas, a group that was previously suspended from Twitter after posting private information belonging to supporters of then-Supreme Court Justice nominee Brett Kavanaugh, is now threatening to do the same to incoming University of Texas-Austin freshmen who join conservative student…
Studio City resident Vance Christopher was one among dozens of video game fans who showed up to the TCL Chinese Theatre for Hollywood Action Tuesdays, a tournament where gamers come from as far away as Orange County to compete in games like “Street Fighter V” and “Dragon Ball FighterZ.” The event is set up on a corner section of the historic Hollywood Boulevard building where restrooms, a full bar, and auditorium rooms all are close by. For Christopher, 24, it was a moment to reflect. “Gaming has come a long way,” he said as he recounted the evolution of the e-sport he plays in. “This used to be in some dude’s garage. Now, it’s a theater in Hollywood. Now, it’s a film location. It’s in a giant arena.” People from all over the world travel to events such as these. Smaller crowds range from 20 to 50 people, and in larger instances, thousands of people pay their way in. Audiences from the web also join in as competitive video game events like these are often live-streamed. They come for hours worth of play and competitive fun that sometimes results in cash prizes. There can be big money involved in what is rapidly becoming a billion-dollar industry, according to one study. But ultimately, many come to socialize with fellow gamers. This week, however, Southern California’s gaming community was shaken after a deadly shooting at a Madden video game tournament in Jacksonville, Florida. Two people were killed and several were injured. Among the dead was Elijah “Trueboy” Clayton, a 22-year-old student from Calabasas. In the days since, gamers and spectators alike have posed a similar question to one that Christopher himself was asking this week: “How do we keep people safe if the threat comes from inside?” For the moment, some are taking a step back to examine safety at such events. Electronic Arts Inc., the entertainment company behind the Madden NFL video games, has since canceled the three remaining events to their season’s competition. RELATED STORY: Riverside’s first eSports Gaming Competition is a blast Clayton and the other fallen gamer, Taylor Robertson, were two of Madden’s top competitors, according to a letter from CEO Andrew Wilson. The Florida event was part of the Madden Classic, the company’s first Madden EA Major competition of the season. Future tournaments had been planned in Santa Ana on Sept. 15 and 16 at the Esports Arena. Other dates took place in different states. “We’ve all been deeply affected by what took place in Jacksonville,” read Wilson’s statement. “This is the first time we’ve had to confront something like this as an organization, and I believe the first time our gaming community has dealt with a tragedy of this nature. “ In the Florida shooting, authorities have not determined a motive. But the shooter, David Katz, 24, was an avid gamer himself, with a history of mental illness. The Associated Press reported that a psychologist once warned a family court that David Katz might become violent. Katz “could lash out and become so angry that he would hit and hurt his mother,” Dr. Paul Berman told the court. The divorce papers in Howard County, Maryland, say Katz started obsessively playing video games as a boy, sometimes refusing to go to school or to bathe. Elizabeth Katz, a toxicologist who worked at the Department of Agriculture, said in court papers that she would confiscate some of her son’s gaming equipment after finding him playing games in the wee hours. But Southern California gamers don’t want what happened in Florida to tarnish the image of their evolving game. Gaming tournaments are far from something negative, according to Long Beach resident James Chacon, 31. In fact, for many, they are designed to help people deal with real-life stresses. In the early 2000s, Chacon and co-partner Champ Tangwongkitsiri began 2GGaming, a Southern California-based business that organizes gaming events and tournaments. With similar organizations worldwide, gaming events have become de facto after-school programs for many people, according to Chacon. “A lot of people – have social anxiety issues,” he said, “and because of video game events, [they are] able to overcome that.” He made note of one person whose speaking and social skills improved so much that even that gamer’s parents thanked the gaming community for providing that space. “There is a lot of positivity, and unfortunately – the gunman portrays competitive video games in a negative light, at least right now,” he said. Gamers are all too familiar with the stereotypes and stigmas that society has attached to their hobbies, and for some, passions and careers. Sherman Oaks resident, Max Sinclair Ollivier, works a full-time job at a camera shop, and on his free time, likes to play first-person shooter games. Some people assume that he is a violent person because of his gaming interest, he said, but the assumptions are wrong. “My heart and soul go out to the families of the people who have passed,” Ollivier said. “It’s really unfortunate. I hurt just as much as everyone else does.” For some gamers, news of the shooting is considered an isolated case. But in midst of the tragic events, Ollivier hopes to bring awareness to the non-violent people in the gaming community. “I don’t have a reason to go out shooting people,” he said. “I do it in a video game because it’s not real.” For other people, security concern linger. Studio City resident Gayle Dickie, recently launched Gamer World News, an E-sports online news platform. “Globally, this is the biggest sports entertainment vertical in the world,” she said. “It is being embraced in the U.S. and all around the globe – because it does attract a huge monetary on fiscal value to the world.” Her platform is split into channels that dive into different topics like: E-sports News, Tips & Tricks, as well as Girls of the Game. Nobody could have predicted the tragedy in Jacksonville, Dickie said, but now, organizers have become aware of the need for tougher security. Chacon, a Southern California gaming organizer, agreed but hoped the need for security doesn’t make events less fun. “It can happen anywhere, and video game tournaments are no exception,” he said. “This is definitely an eye-opener for organizers all over the country and world to take security much more seriously, but at the same time not do it in a way that deters from the enjoyment of the attendees.”
Danie’s Beauty Salon has long been a favorite of many looking for trendy or classic styles in the Glendale / Los Angeles area. Our friendly hair care and beauty specialists are ready to bring your hair and beauty back to life. When you look great, you feel great and we are committed to providing the best in hair and beauty services. Danie’s Beauty Salon is a professional Hair Salon offering Hairdressing, Hair Cuts, Hair Design, Color, High Lights, Perms, Waxing, Manicures, Pedicures, Eye Brows, Eyebrow Tattooing and other related services. Danie is an expert hairdresser with over 30 years experience. Danie’s Beauty Salon also sells beauty supplies and high end hair care products, such as shampoos, conditioners, gels, hair sprays, hair mouse, hair brushes, hair dryers and more. Some of the brands we carry include: Matrix, Sebastian, Paul Mitchel, Redken and KMS. Gallery of Latest Styles Danies Beauty salon is great. They do a great job and you feel like you are in family! Alenush does the best blow drys. If you are looking for good hair salon in Glendale area, then this is it.Carmen I drive all the way from Covina to get a color, cut and blow dry by Danie he is absolutely amazing with color and cutting. Will always make the time to drive back.Susan P. No one gets my red hair right like Danie! Great products that don’t fry your hair . His hair cuts are awesome and the prices are beyond reasonable , really a true steal!! Every friend of mine drives from far to go here! I see the staff here as family!! Oh and I’m bad at spelling names, I think Alunush, best blow dry ever!!!! You will leave and definitely get compliments on your hair!!Vanessa M. Randomly stopped in here when I was in the area. I go wayyyy too long between cuts and was fed up with my dry, split ends. Danie and Alanosh took great care of me and my hair looks and feels great. You can tell Danie knows what he is doing and he was very sweet and hospitable. The services were affordable and quick, I will definitely be coming back!Shea O. Summary: There are numerous ways to repurpose your old frames. Read below to find out more. If you’re thinking about purchasing new glasses or switching to contact lenses, you’re Justify with an old pair of dusty frames that might immediately go straight into storage....read more Summary: There are certain symptoms that new contact wearers will experience. Although they might seem like a cause for concern, many of them go away naturally. When people opt for contact lenses as their vision correction tool of choice, there are some symptoms that...read more The body wax is a temporary but durable technique for hair removal. It pulls the hair at the root, the regrowth is far slower than any other non-permanent solution and over time and additional treatments the hair follicles become thinner. You can do the body wax in...read more It is one thing to go through the pain and hassle of waxing, and it’s entirely another to have a bad reaction afterward. Here are some tips that you should follow post body wax in Glendale, CA to minimize any issues. First of all, do not expose your waxed skin...read more A lot of women end up with some form of unwanted facial hair, often under the chin. While it isn’t exactly embarrassing, it is entirely avoidable. There are several methods of facial hair removal in Glendale, CA for women that can give temporary or permanent results....read more Laser Facial Hair Removal is a very effective method to get rid of unwanted hair permanently. However, there are a few important points to note before deciding to go for the treatment. Since this is a permanent method, it will be conducted in sessions, and each...read more
"look after yourself, there is only one of you." Our Booking Policy *Due to high booking demand, we collect $20 deposit upon booking, the consultation is FREE. The deposit amount will be used on your selected treatments after consultation, if no treatment is selected after you attending the consultation, you will receive full refund on the same day.
When I had a self imposed duvet day (well, in my case a fluffy blanket on the sofa day) last week I found myself day-dreaming on pinterest. I ended up browsing various nursery decor boards and one of the images I found was a 3d elephant for the wall, which took me to the children’s section of the Urbanara website. I fell in love with so many items on it and wanted to share the love! From gorgeous embroidered bedding to funky light shades, everything is unique and quirky and I need it all! I’ve picked a few of my favourite items out to share, ones I will be pointing people in the direction of when they start asking what Athena needs for her birthday! Owls are a recurring theme in the nursery already, so when she grows out of sleeping bags and gets to sleep under a proper duvet then the owl bedding set would be perfect! You can get matching cushions too which would look great on the rocking chair. Who wouldn’t want a friendly looking 3d Animal hung on their wall? My personal favourite is the Elephant, but there is a fox head too. They’re made of felt and are around 25cm tall, so you could actually have a little menagerie on your wall! There are also a few different lampshades to choose from, this multi coloured abstract animal print is my favourite. Although the whale one would be great if you had an underwater themed nursery. It’s quite large at 55cm but comes with the ceiling pendant too. What theme is your child’s nursery? Or what would it be, if you had one?
What Are the Advantages and Disadvantages of Linear Programming? Advantages of linear programming include that it can be used to analyze all different areas of life, it is a good solution for complex problems, it allows for better solution, it unifies disparate areas and it is flexible. The disadvantages of this system include that not all variables are linear, unrealistic expectations are made during the process and there are often limitations imposed on the final solution. One of the reasons that linear programming is so useful is because it can be used in so many different areas of life, from economic puzzles and social problems to industrial issues and military matters. In addition, because it can take into account multiple factors, linear programming can be used to solve complex problems. Linear programming allows for a better quality solution because it considers many factors and limitations instead of just guessing at a solution. It is also advantageous because it unifies many different areas and takes them into account. As long as something can be quantified in a linear manner, it can be brought into account. Because of this openness in what factors can be included, linear programming is very flexible. However, there are also disadvantages to linear programming. These include the fact that usually all of the variables that need to be taken into account in order to solve a problem cannot be quantified in a linear manner. The assumptions made in linear programming are also unrealistic, because a linear relationship assumes that factors never really change, when in reality they do. Finally, limiting the range of the problem also limits the possible solutions that are given in the problem.
A combination of radar and optical observations is the current approach to track and classify space debris population with a size of 10 cm and above, but still there are opportunities for innovative techniques that can complement current observation procedures. Here, we propose the use of polarimetric information coming from passively solar illuminated space debris, combined with irradiance only measurements, to characterise these objects in a more comprehensive way. Polarimetry has showed utility in detecting geometry and material characteristics with resolved images, but there are a few studies characterising its use with passively solar illuminated Resident Space Objects (RSO). New and challenging issues arise with this application, such as the presence of a turbulence atmosphere along the light path, the light curve response in the case of tumbling space debris, the unresolved imagery in the sensor, the strong uncertainty of the predicted orbit due to unknown object shape which complicates its optical tracking, or the reduced photon count captured in the image sensors due to trade-off with temporal precision. Polarimetric signatures depend on the type of material being imaged and the angle of incidence with the Sun. Polarimetric imaging can provide information on surface microstructure and relative material composition. Combining polarimetric data with irradiance only measurements at coincident times allows for possible inference of useful information to detect debris geometrical attitude, tumbling status and period, size or type of material, which could impact the accuracy of its predicted orbit. The Space Team at UNSW Canberra have recently developed capabilities to detect and track objects in LEO as small as 10 cm (such as 1U CubeSat’s) with moderate size telescopes (0.3 metres in diameter). We have conducted preliminary studies on RSO in geostationary orbit using simultaneous polarimetric and irradiance measurements. We have developed a novel observational setup to obtain these signatures, which is based on the acquisition of combined observations of the same geostationary satellite from two different telescopes separated 1 km from each other, simultaneously measuring polarized light at different angles at one location and irradiance only at the other location, with less than 1 ms delay between observations. We have successfully inferred Stokes parameters, S1, S2 and Degree of Linear Polarization (DoLP) of a set of single and co-located geostationary satellites as a function of time, and compared with the irradiance only measurements S0. Results from these tests show different polarization signatures S1 and S2 for co-located satellites and also that these signatures are not correlated with S0 measurements, which validates its combined use to detect object distinct features. These results show a promising path to follow, but still require further investigation to confirm this technique as a classification tool for geosynchronous satellites. With this acquired knowledge and experience, and with further investigation through modelling and observation into the space environmental effects on awkwardly shaped object in LEO, we are extending this technique for space debris objects as small as 10 cm, and we expect to obtain preliminary results for real on-sky observations during the first half of 2017.
Ways To Get Business Financing When You Have Bad Credit Looking to get company funding can be extremely annoying for business people which have bad credit that is personal. Entrepreneurs face rejection that is constant lending organizations that are weary of working together with business people which have bad credit. It may be a bleak situation. To get company funding is extremely difficult for entrepreneurs which have bad credit – it’s possible. Nonetheless, you have to be practical about any of it. You may never be in a position to get all of the funding you need, at the very least initially. The terms is almost certainly not probably the most favorable and also you shall should get through some hurdles. If all goes well, this is just short-term. With all the strategy that is right approach, you ought to be capable of getting funding. Utilize that financing carefully to develop your company. Once you’ve developed a background, getting extra funding will be easier. Getting funded is a matter of establishing goals that are realistic understanding where loan providers are arriving from, and what they’re trying to find in a job candidate. You don’t require financing? Before trying to find financing, carefully examine your situation and figure out in the event that you actually need financing. This can help you save lot of time and frustration. Understand that numerous cashflow dilemmas could be fixed by adjusting the way you work and without needing funding. But, in case the economic issues are because of growth or you absolutely need financing, concentrate on funding alternatives that have the best likelihood of getting approved. We shall talk about three options in this specific article. How come your credit matter? In the event that you have a business that is large expert supervisors, significant assets, and lots of workers, your private credit won’t matter much. […]
Dr. J. Morgan Wells (1940-2017) Dr. Morgan Wells, a pioneer in the diving world and founding director of the NOAA Diving Program, passed away on July 28, 2017. He will be remembered fondly by his colleagues at NOAA and in the diving community. Dr. Wells was best known for developing the NOAA Nitrox I (32% O2/N2) and II (36% O2/N2) mixtures and their respective decompression tables in the late 1970s. Thanks to his research and testing efforts, these mixtures are now widely used in the scientific and recreational diving communities. He later developed NOAA Trimix I, a mixture of oxygen, helium, and nitrogen used in deep diving. Aside from his breakthroughs in breathing gas mixtures, he was also known for conducting research in undersea habitats, where people, known as aquanauts, can live for extended periods of time. Dr. Wells has been credited with having spent more time living on the ocean floor as an aquanaut, and having lived in more habitats than any diver on the planet. Although Dr. Wells was employed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) from 1972 until his retirement in 1995 and produced some of his most significant discoveries and accomplishments while working at NOAA, his love for diving and passion for the physics and mechanics of diving were evident very early in his life. He began diving at the age of 14, after making his own surface-supplied diving system out of a paint sprayer and a motor-scooter engine. A year later, Wells built an oxygen rebreather from surplus aircraft respirator parts by looking at diagrams in the U.S. Navy Diving Manual. He used that unit for several years to dive in the ocean, rivers, lakes and under the ice. By 17, he was writing letters to the Navy to alert them of technical errors in the Navy Diving Manual. When compressed air became available in his area, he switched to open circuit air diving and earned money teaching SCUBA diving while in college. He received scientific diving training at Scripps Institution of Oceanography (University of California) in 1962 while receiving his Ph.D. in physiology. In 1965 he was accepted as a U.S. Navy Sealab Aquanaut for their “Man in the Sea” project and later received mixed gas and rebreather training at the US Navy Mine Defense Lab in Panama City, Florida. Later that year, he served as a Sealab II Aquanaut during a 15-day, 205 foot helium/oxygen saturation dive, beginning a 30-year career in undersea habitat diving. In addition to Sealab, he also dove inside TEKTITE, EDALHAB, HYDROLAB, PRINUL, HELGOLAND (Germany), and LORA (Canadian, under ice). Dr. Wells also served as operations director for special missions of HYDROLAB and HELGOLAND (in U.S. waters). Dr. Wells began working at NOAA soon after NOAA was established in 1970. Starting in 1971, NOAA Diving was overseen by the Manned Undersea Science and Technology Office, where Dr. Wells served as science coordinator from 1972 until 1975. His duties included coordinating and conducting undersea research with scientists from around the globe. In 1975 he was appointed NOAA Diving Coordinator, where he was responsible for all aspects of NOAA’s diving training, safety, and effectiveness. When the NOAA Diving Program was created in 1978, he was appointed director, maintaining his duties as NOAA Diving Coordinator and assuming the administrative duties of the Director. In 1989 Dr. Wells achieved his career-long ambition of creating the NOAA Experimental Diving Unit (EDU). He happily left the Washington, DC area for the new NOAA EDU, which was housed at the U.S. Army Diving Detachment at Fort Eustis, VA. Dr. Wells’ early research interests were centered on the respiration of marine organisms as related to temperature and oxygen concentration. He used undersea habitats and diving frequently for studies of symbiotic systems of algae and invertebrates (corals, giant clams, sea anemones). His Ph.D. dissertation research was on the effects of pressure on human hemoglobin oxygen binding properties. He then studied the effects of elevated nitrogen pressure on the oxygen binding properties of hemoglobin of humans and deep diving seals, which eventually led him to the development of Nitrox and Trimix breathing mixtures that benefited all divers. Dr. Wells’ most recent work (1995-1996) was related to gas separation technology and low energy consumption life support systems for long term undersea habitation. Dr. Wells was also responsible for starting the diving medical curriculum at NOAA, having organized and taught (for 20 years) a Diver Medical Technician (DMT) course. In the late 1970s he also designed a training program with the Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society (UHMS) for physicians in diving and hyperbaric medicine. The NOAA/UHMS Physicians Training in Diving Medicine is the only course of its kind taught in the United States and is the most widely respected civilian program of its nature in the country to this day. Ever active, he continued to teach a class in the Physicians Training in Diving Medicine course alongside other respected medical professionals in the field, lecturing on undersea habitats and nitrogen breathing mixtures. He taught his last class for the NOAA/UHMS course on October of 2016. His many contributions and his ever inquiring mind will continue to inspire and benefit the progress of diving physiology, the pursuit of scientific research underwater, and the diving community at large.
LifeTouch Photography - · PDF file LifeTouch Photography -Family Portrait Days Experience the... Embed Size (px) Transcript of LifeTouch Photography - · PDF file LifeTouch Photography -Family Portrait Days Experience the... St. Mark’s Episcopal Church & School LifeTouch Photography - Family Portrait Days Experience the fun of your own professional photography session during St. Mark’s upcoming portrait days! Sign up now and receive: FREE 8x10 portrait for each family photographed (with no obligation to purchase any additional portraits) $10 off portrait purchase when scheduling appointments online Opportunity to purchase additional portraits at attractive prices Sign Up NOW Limited Dates Available: Thursday, May 22 - 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. Friday, May 23 - 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. Saturday, May 24 - 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday, May 27 - 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. Wednesday, May 28 - 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. CLICK HERE to register online for your portrait session with LifeTouch. After scheduling your appointment, record your portrait time and login: My portrait date: _______________ Time: ______________________ Website login: __________________ Password: ___________________ “Feed the Need” Ministry Outreach Each household donating food on portrait day receives a $5 off coupon redeemable towards a portrait purchase St. Mark’s will receive $1 per household photographed to help feed the needy This is a wonderful opportunity for you, and your family and friends, to have your professional portraits taken in the comfort and convenience of St. Mark’s. For more information, contact the Church office at 561-622-0956 and ask to speak with Paul Fattori (ext. 226) or Kelee Shilling (ext. 234.) 1 LifeTouch flyer page 1 2 LifeTouch flyer copy for portrait days with LIVE LINK for SCHOOL FAMILIES with extended dates
Despite my deep affection for cheese, to the point that one of my favorite things to do on a New York City weekend is to dip into Murray’s and treat us to something crumbly or aged or rich and runny, I don’t love cheese plates. It feels really good to get this off my chest. At first, it was just a budget issue; I still feel the sticker shock from the first time I tried to put together one of those cute boards with five or six different wedges on them, plus the crackers, breads, pickles, dried fruit, toasted almonds, olives, cured meats, and all of the other minimum requirements of our latter-day horns of plenty. But I was also put off by the waste. Even though so much went unfinished, the leftovers were unsalvageable, as fingers, forks, knives, and crumbs got into everything (a particularly shuddering thought in the age of Covid). Instead, when people come over, or what I remember of it, I prefer to focus on one or two decadent, attention-grabbing things and nothing grabs attention on a cold winter day like warm, runny cheese. NEW: Watch me make this baked brie on YouTube! Baked brie was all the entertaining rage in the 1970s and 80s. Nothing was more glamorous but accessible, an imported cheese that everyone knew and could pronounce. But as Americans got more sophisticated about imported cheese — manchego! Humboldt Fog! — in a crushing fall from grace, brie became the opposite of chic. And this is where my interest piqued — dated and unhip, you say? Where can I sign up? Thus, this is baked brie, my way. First, I use my easy galette dough for a flaky pastry that tastes a million times better than most frozen puffed pastry and requires no extra grocery store trip. I’ve never been a fan of the sweet compotes and fruity jams usually paired with brie, but I love a thin layer sweet-sour jammy red onions under and over the cheese — here, softened in butter, then wilted down further with salt, pepper, balsamic vinegar, and brown sugar. A paper-thin slick of smooth Dijon mustard offsets the sweetness, a sprinkling of thyme gives it an herbal element, a scattering of sesame seeds on top adds a little extra crackle, or you can skip all three and it’s still delicious. Brie — and yes, even commercial, grocery store brie works well here — is attainably-priced and even the basic stuff warms up beautifully, so no need to splurge here. Plus, it often comes in 8-ounce rounds, absolutely perfect for our tiny, at-home New Years celebrations this week to send 2020 packing. The Year In Smitten Kitchen I love looking up which recipes you cooked the most each year, and could anything be more apt for 2020 than an Ultimate Banana Bread? In a year with so much none of us liked, a bright spot for me was the way the simplicity of our Covid pantries nudged me towards simpler, core recipes in previous years I foolishly dismissed as not interesting enough. You know what’s interesting? Crispy crumbled potatoes, schmaltzy roast chicken, and what I hope will be the last classic vegetable lasagna you’ll ever need. And speaking of pantries, I wrote about how I “organize” (spoiler: it’s not) my SK pantry over here and while not a recipe, it was one of the most-read posts this year. You can view all top 16 recipes from this page or individually below. 2. crispy crumbled potatoes 3. perfect vegetable lasagna 4. roast chicken with schmaltzy cabbage 5. any-kind-of-fruit galette 6. simple, essential bolognese 7. whole wheat chocolate oat cookies 8. sweet potato salad with pepita dressing 10. vanilla custard slices 11. chicken, leek, and rice soup 12. tangy braised chickpeas 13. morning glory breakfast cake 14. new classic wedding cake + how to 15. mathilde’s tomato tart 16. bialy babka Happy New Year, friends. Thank you for spending some of your time with me. 6 months ago: Dulce de Leche Chocoflan 1 year ago: Banana Toffee Cake 2 year ago: Baklava Babka 3 years ago: Dutch Apple Pie 4 years ago: Homemade Irish Cream 5 years ago: Eggnog Waffles 6 years ago: Jelly Doughnuts and Endives with Orange and Almonds 7 years ago: Linzer Torte and Breakfast Slab Pie 8 years ago: Cashew Butter Balls 9 years ago: Peppermint Hot Fudge Sauce 10 years ago: Iced Oatmeal Cookies and Broiled Mussels 11 years ago: Vanilla Roasted Pears and Creamed Mushrooms on Chive-Butter Toast 12 years ago: Cranberry-Vanilla Coffee Cake and Seven-Layer Cookies 13 years ago: Espresso-Chocolate Shortbread Cookies and Peanut Butter Cookies 14 years ago: Boozy Baked French Toast and Parmesan Black Pepper Biscotti Baked Brie with Balsamic Red Onions - 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons (10 tablespoons total; 85 grams) all-purpose flour - 1/4 teaspoon fine sea or table salt - 1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar - 4 tablespoons (55 grams) cold unsalted butter, diced - 2 tablespoons plain yogurt or sour cream - 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water - 2 small or 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced - 2 tablespoons (30 grams) unsalted butter - 2 teaspoons brown sugar, light or dark - 1/2 teaspoon fine sea or table salt - 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar - Freshly ground black pepper - 2 teaspoons smooth Dijon mustard - 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves (optional) - 1 (8.5-ounce or 250-gram) wheel of brie - 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water - Sesame seeds, ideally toasted (optional) Make the balsamic red onions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the butter. Once melted, cook the onions, stirring, until softened and beginning to lightly brown at the edges, about 5 minutes. Add sugar, salt, balsamic, and pepper and cook, stirring, until balsamic reduces to a dark, jammy puddle, about 3 to 5 more minutes. Transfer to a bowl to cool. To assemble: Heat oven 400°F. Unwrap your chilled dough and reuse the parchment, if you can, to line a small baking sheet. Or, line one with a fresh sheet. Flour your counter and the top of the dough and roll into a large, thin circle, about 10 inches. Check for size by placing your brie in the middle and seeing if you have enough dough cover it across the top. No need to make a perfect circle. Once dough is correct size, thinly spread first teaspoon of dijon in the middle, scatter half of your red onions over the dijon, and sprinkle them with half the thyme, if using. Place brie on top. Thinly spread remaining Dijon on top of brie, followed by remaining onions and thyme. Bring sides of dough up to wrap brie, making little folds to help it fit. Press edges together gently at the top. Transfer pastry-wrapped brie to baking sheet. Brush sides, pleats, and top of pastry with egg wash and sprinkle with sesame seeds, if using. Bake: for 30 minutes, or until golden brown all over, rotating the tray if needed for even color. If you can bear it, let rest on a cooling rack for 10 minutes. Serve: Transfer brie to a plate with a rim (it will be runny when you cut into it) and serve with crackers or baguette slices.
深地板的板是最大的养兔场的房间在楼上。细节使用栏杆,栏杆和护墙板是建立持久的和整个内部区域由pre-Renaissance城市混乱的活力。从不同的角度表现主义的屋顶柱身的街道Swanston透露更正式的幻想从飞檐的晶体结构和达斯·维达耗尽头罩的逃生楼梯消防电梯泛滥波纹马特洪峰(Gombrich 2002)。石外墙颜色的石头用一根针在钢管支撑的支持不断堡垒,即使在高架的主题有一个楼梯砖火炮塔制成的彩色和多边形形状承认珀西·埃弗雷特的车间在1930年也提供RMIT为数不多的室外空间的视觉焦点。科里根的目的是取悦和打破城墙的情绪RMIT Swanston的主导性和无缝地描绘了整个街道。大楼的前面,一边和高架屁股从分歧和创建一个完整的结构代表一个拼贴画为基础的设计理念。这也出现在其个人整个城市。这个建筑中得到了极大的升值和受欢迎程度的复杂性结构视为一个基本的复杂艺术给澳大利亚的地区带来了革命。 The plate of deep flooring was maximum resulting in rooms of rabbit warren on the upper floors. Details using balustrades, hand railing and dadoes were built for lasting and the whole inner area consists of pre-Renaissance city chaotic vibrancy. The expressionistic roof scape from various perspectives along with the street of Swanston revealed more formal fantasies from cornice of crystalline structure and Darth Vader for exhausting the hoods on the escape stairs fire to the lift overrun corrugated Matterhorn (Gombrich 2002). The stone façade has colored stones with a knitting needle with steel pipe’s strutting support continuously to the theme of bastion even though on the elevated back there is a brick fire stair turret made from polychrome’s and polygonal shapes acknowledging the workshops of Percy Everett in the year 1930 and also provide RMIT’s few outdoor spaces visual focus clearly. The aim of the Corrigan’s was on delighting and breaking down city wall mood of RMIT dominantly and seamlessly depicted over the street of Swanston. The front of the building, its side and the elevated rear ends created a complete structure from divisions and represents a design ideas based collage. This also presents itself to the entire city over its individual terms. This building gained tremendous appreciation and popularity with the complexity of their structure considered as a basic complicated art that brought revolution to the region of Australia.
Stihl 028 Workshop Service Manual Repair Stihl 028 Workshop Service Manual for the Stihl Chainsaw. Repair and service the 028 with this manual, which has clear repair photos. The manual has diagrams and accurate information as used by professional mechanics and repair shops to troubleshoot and repair the Chainsaw. View free page images online or download full PDF that you can print or view on any suitable device. The manuals have plenty of pictures and diagrams to make the entire repair process easy for you. We also have manuals and parts lists for the 028 variants, although this service manual covers most aspects of all the variant Stihl 028 models. Stihl released an updated (and now discontinued) Stihl MS280 for the 028, they were two different saws and many chainsaw users consider the 028 to still be the superior model. Stihl 028 Specifications Displacement: 2.86 cubic inches (47 cm3) Cylinder Bore: 1.73 inches (44 mm) Piston Stroke: 1.22 inches (31 mm) Max. Engine Speed: 12,500 RPM Fuel tank capacity: .5 L Chain Lubrication: Automatic oil pump Oil Tank Capacity: .3 L Weight: 12.6 lbs Make your cutting job simple and efficient with the Stihl 028 AV chainsaw, which features a single-cylinder two-stroke engine. Weighing just about 12.6 lbs, this Stihl chainsaw gives you a good balance, so that you do not feel fatigued even after long working hours. Engineered to cut vibrations, this Stihl tool has an anti-vibration handlebar system that is very comfortable for your hands. The die-cast magnesium construction of the Stihl 028 AV chainsaw makes it ready for rugged usage. With a fuel tank-capacity of 0.5l, this Stihl chainsaw does not need frequent refuelling and operates for a long duration. Due to a short ignition timing, this Stihl tool starts-up in just no time. Excellent overall firewood saw with professional features all over the place. Best bar and chain combo for it is an 18″ bar pulling 0.325″ pitch chain. This saw will pull a 20″ bar on occasion, but most will find the 18″ bar better for balance and ease of use. Stihl 028 Workshop Service Manual PDF (PDF manual preview version low-resolution)
"I'm pretty sure Jerry's not a true Christian." Yet he bangs on & on about the 'Elect', and only they are predestined for salvation, but at the same time says above: "Catholics are not Christians, but they can become real Christians if they accept the true Jesus of the Bible (as opposed to the Catholic caricature of Him) and are born again." Which contradicts what he says. Also, sitting on the fence, re. Jack Chick: he's either 'Saved' or isn't; one can't be partially 'Saved', that's like saying that a woman is slightly pregnant. He clearly knows jack shit about his own doctrines - which were initially codified in the Bible via the Catholics centuries ago - so he's as much a Christian as I am a Zen Buddhist. After all, if he were a 'True Christian', and were secure in his faith, he'd have no problem in answering this question: Is the KJV is only version to be trusted, is utterly flawless in every conceivable way, and is the absolute word of your God, as authorised by a past monarch (King James I) of my country, Britain? Is it, or isn't it? And is said authoriser of his precious KJV & past monarch of my country, Britain, 'Saved'? Yes or No? Remember: No 'Did you forget that the Christians don't need to prove anything to you? We don't need to care about what you think or how you feel.' excuses allowed. Answer the questions 'Is it, or isn't it, re. the KJV, and Yes or no, re. King James I being 'Saved'. A Christian who is secure in his faith would answer those questions with no problem whatsoever. If he doesn't, then everyone else will come to their own justified conclusions about him. That one word: Perception.
In our walk in life, there are people that we meet that are passing strangers, others are good acquaintances, while others lead to friendships. It is when you find that connection to another human being that mirrors your soul that even from the beginning a bond of friendship is forged. That’s how I felt when I met Melissa Philips, owner of Hidden Acre Farm. She has such a lovely personality and a sexy English accent. She sells edible bouquets, edible flowers, salad mix and microgreens. And so I had a cool idea of making my first very own flower salad, which I named after Melissa’s farm. Hidden Acre Flower Salad 3 cups of Salad Mix, chopped a few microgreens on top or watercress a few edible flowers 1. Arrange the salad mix on the plate. Add the microgreens or watercress. 2. Top it with edible flowers. Feast with your eyes before you eat it with your favorite dressing. As my husband said, it’s quite weird to eat the flowers. It definitely has a mild watercress taste with a hint of mint and notes of sweetness. I sent Melissa a couple of pictures and she replied, “Wow, that looks amazing! The best I’ve ever seen them look”. She invited me to visit her farm. Hopefully, we’ll be able to do that this week. And perhaps plan for a Farm-To-Table Dinner for limited seats only, before summer ends. What a wonderful acquaintance from farmer’s market to farm! Myrtle Pettit is a Certified Clinical Nutritionist. She finished her Masters in Public Health with a concentration in Nutrition at Liberty University, Lynchburg, VA. Furthermore, her drive to combine theory and practice led her to Living Light Culinary Institute, Fort Bragg, CA, to be certified as a Raw Food Chef and Instructor. She also holds a Master Food Preserver from Cornell University. Myrtle offers one on one consultation, provides health lectures, seminars, and healthy cooking classes to promote a healthier lifestyle. She’s very supportive of her students’ journey to health in every stage.
Brandon and Kamala Harris on Thursday met with members of the Infrastructure Implementation Task Force to discuss the allocation of money to repair roads, bridges and more. Brandon forgot the name of his infrastructure czar…. again! “I’m gonna turn it over to the…uh…the guy who, uh…” Brandon said of his infrastructure czar, former New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu. After a brief meeting, Brandon’s handlers shooed away reporters. Brandon stared blankly at a reporter who asked about the Ukrainian President’s “no minor incursions” comment. Brandon essentially gave a green light to Putin to enter Ukraine during Wednesday’s presser. “My guess is he will move in,” Brandon said of Putin invading Ukraine. “He has to do something.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky pushed back on Brandon on Thursday. “We want to remind the great powers that there are no minor incursions and small nations. Just as there are no minor casualties and little grief from the loss of loved ones,” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky tweeted. We want to remind the great powers that there are no minor incursions and small nations. Just as there are no minor casualties and little grief from the loss of loved ones. I say this as the President of a great power 🇺🇦 — Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) January 20, 2022 Brandon motioned for the reporter to leave and didn’t answer his question.
Warren, NJ (June 21, 2010) – MonoSol Rx, the developer of PharmFilm® drug delivery technology, today announced the appointment of Eric Dadey, Ph.D. to the position of Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Development. Effective immediately, Dr. Dadey will report to A. Mark Schobel, President and Chief Executive Officer. He will be responsible for leading the Company’s product development and analytical activities. Mr. Schobel said, “On behalf of our team I would like to welcome Dr. Dadey to MonoSol Rx. We look forward to Eric contributing to the company’s continued success by utilizing his significant level of expertise and experience in the pharmaceutics field and that of polymeric drug delivery systems. His leadership will be instrumental in the advancement of our existing product pipeline and the identification of new applications for our PharmFilm® drug delivery platform.” Prior to joining MonoSol Rx, Dr. Dadey served as Vice President, Preclinical Development at Transave Inhalation Biotherapeutics, where he supervised toxicological and efficacy evaluations of the company’s product portfolio. Prior to that, Eric worked for QLT USA, Inc. as Vice President Drug Delivery, responsible for all research and development activities utilizing its flagship polymer-based sustained-release delivery technology. Between 1992 and 2004, Dr. Dadey held positions of increasing responsibility at Atrix Laboratories, Nycomed Salutar and ACCESS Pharmaceuticals, where he led formulation and commercial launch efforts surrounding polymer and biodegradable polymer drug delivery systems. Dr. Dadey’s career also included a Postdoctoral Fellowship at the University of Kentucky as well as an Assistant Professorship of Pharmaceutics in the College of Pharmacy at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Dr. Dadey earned his B.S. and M.S. in Chemistry at Western Kentucky University, and an M.S. in Organic Chemistry and Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Kentucky. Dr. Dadey said, “I look forward to working with the MonoSol Rx team to make the PharmFilm® technology the first choice for film drug delivery”. About MonoSol Rx MonoSol Rx is a specialty pharmaceutical company leveraging its proprietary PharmFilm® technology to deliver unique proprietary pharmaceutical drug films. PharmFilm® is designed to benefit patients by improving the convenience, efficacy, and compliance of new and currently marketed drugs. The Company’s leadership in film drug delivery is supported by strong intellectual property, a portfolio of commercialized over-the-counter (OTC) drug products, and a development pipeline of prescription formulations based on PharmFilm® technology. With a vertically integrated development and production infrastructure, MonoSol Rx has the capacity to manufacture OTC drug products for near-term revenues that fund prescription product development programs that will generate long-term value. The Company’s commercialization strategy for all PharmFilm® products is to partner with the innovator, other specialty pharma or leading consumer products companies that can sell-in and manage product sales and marketing. For existing and future partners, PharmFilm® formulations represent revenue-life cycle extensions for products with patent lives that have expired or are approaching expiration. PharmFilm® is also a tool to help sales and marketing partners differentiate in competitive markets while offering unique advantages over drugs dosed by traditional tablets, capsules and orally disintegrating tablets (ODTs).
How often do votes change the supply liquidity? As of now, the consensus intervals are at an even 200 blocks, starting at “0”. As each block is approximately 64 seconds, this interval occurs roughly every 3.5 hours… or about 7 voting sessions per day. ***Note: The supply can move anywhere between 1-3%, per voting session, depending on the weight of the votes. Questions, comments, concerns? Please post them in the comments below!
FREE Middle School 2-Day Conference Collective Youth Ministries will be offering a 2-day conference event for 6th, 7th, and 8th grade students. “Equip: 678” will be held on Friday, April 23rd, and Saturday, April 24th, at the Washingtonville Campus. Click on the link below for more info and to register. Virtual Leadership Pathway Grace will be offering a 9-week online Leadership Pathway course for those interested in leading a team or a group. The class will be held on Tuesday evenings at 7pm beginning April 20th. Click the link below for more information. Join a Team! We are anxiously anticipating the green light to begin opening more of our ministry areas on campus in the months to come. In order to be ready, now is the time for you to click the link below to get on board, join a team, and be ready to jump in when our ministries all open back up! This is the best way to create connections with others and deepen your service to the Lord. Please consider clicking the link below to join our GraceKids team, Cafe team, Collective Youth team, usher/greeter team, Info center team, and parking team. PJ Women's "IF" Conference This has been a challenging year. We invite you to take a day to connect, pray, worship, and be encouraged with other women. No matter how challenging this year has been, we know that God is still on the move. His kingdom is coming. We want His will to be done on this earth as it is in heaven and our heart and prayer is that “on earth as it is in heaven” starts with us. And we would stop wondering if it is possible to change the world. It’s possible. This year, at IF: Gathering 2021, we are going to talk about how we do that. The theme is going to be “Even If.” Even if the worst happens, we won’t lose hope. Come join us as we remember that together. PJ Women’s “IF” Conference will be held on Saturday, May 1st, from 9:30 am to 4:30 pm in the worship center at PJ Campus. Lunch will be provided. Please register asap as seating is limited. Click the link below to reserve a spot! Collective Youth Middle School and High School Ministry at Grace PJ! We are excited to announce that we have reopened our Middle and High School Ministry, Collective Youth, in person at PJ Campus! Masks and social distancing will be in place. We will be meeting every other Wednesday to start off…our next meeting is April 14th at 7 pm. Hope to see you there! Men's Group at PJ Our Men’s group meets weekly on Thursday evenings at 7 pm in the upstairs GraceKids room. Contact firstname.lastname@example.org for more info.
PUBLIC: Download & share our FREE welcome brochure! Welcome RV-NB Information Brochure ADVERTISERS: A new brochure is planned for 2022. Call 814-275-1718 for more information. DISTRIBUTION: The brochures will be distributed throughout the area at local restaurants, stores, businesses, at events, in the trail kiosks along the 51-mile Redbank Valley Trail from Brookville to the Allegheny River, at kiosks on the Armstrong Trail and on the websites of local organizations.
Located at 30 Mill Street in Arlington, Brigham Square Apartments has added Good Filling's sustainable refill solution as an amenity for its residents. Any resident shipping to 30 Mill Street will have their products delivered to the package locker located in the lobby. All deliveries to Brigham Square's address will prompt free delivery upon check-out. Empty bottles ready for refill can be placed in the locker located on the ground floor by the elevator ban. We'll do all the hard work of picking up, rinsing, disinfecting and refilling for the next customer. We're thankful to have hosted an event with you on April 20th, 2021!
This week, how to register for our next event, sponsored by Mastercard and Stripe, plus Appian on low-code/no-code solutions and predicting climate risk with Jupiter Intelligence. Click on the headlines for more information. Elizabeth Jenkin, CEO of Nimbla, joins Robin on Podcast 188 to discuss why she left a 20-year career as a broker to join a start-up, the differences in working with brokers and insurers and how Nimbla is helping its partners to move faster. The way payments are made has changed significantly over the past few years. Join us at CodeNode to examine the latest digital payment capabilities and how insurance can benefit from a more inclusive approach to payments. Confirmed speakers so far include Mastercard, Stripe, Cuvva, Arma Karma and Imburse. Full details on the website. InsTech’s Tara Allsopp interviewed Gijsbert Cox, Appian Insurance Industry Leader. Read more about the benefits of no-code/low-code software and the company’s vision for the future. In this article, InsTech’s Ali Smedley covers what Jupiter has to offer insurers, the challenge of predicting climate change impacts and why companies are exploring their future climate risk. MIC Global, recently granted “in principle” approval to create a Lloyd’s syndicate, is running a competition for MGAs with ideas for an innovative new embedded insurance product. MIC will provide capacity to the winners as well as help with designing and implementing the product. Visit the link below for details of the application criteria and how to apply. Analysis from Fathom’s UK flood hazard model suggests a total of 1.35 million properties will be at risk of flooding by 2050. Professor Paul Bates, Fathom’s Chairman and co-founder, discussed the projections and using Met Office data on Sky News. Skyline Partners has structured a parametric hurricane insurance product for the Jamaica Co-operative Credit Union League (JCCUL), which provides loans to 100,000 farmers. The product, delivered with Howden Group and using capacity from Munich Re, will provide the JCCUL with a payout to replace funds lost from farmers who default on loans following a hurricane. MAPFRE has joined the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA), with the aim of achieving zero net emissions in its insurance and reinsurance underwriting portfolios. You can find out more about how insurers are looking to measure the impacts of climate change in our report, Climate Change Risk Regulation and Measurement: 22 companies to know. Beazley will use the Cytora Platform to streamline its global risk intake and implement straight-through processing. The platform digitises and evaluates risk submissions using internal and external data sources. The event takes place on Tuesday 10 May at 10am and will explore how loneliness has shaped our mental wellbeing. It will also explore mental health in insurance, progress made by the life & health insurance industry in recent years and opportunities for further developments.
Call to Action The Dallas Police Youth Foundation, Inc. (DPYF) was formed by committed members of the community who realized the Dallas Police Department (DPD) needed more financial support for its efforts to provide some of our most vulnerable citizens, our youth, the opportunity to succeed. Moreover, these individuals valued the transparency that is requisite so that the public would know any donations were efficiently and effectively utilized towards this goal. DPYF seeks to provide funding for current PAL initiatives and activities which occur throughout the city, held predominately at schools, recreations centers, and similar public facilities, thus financial support is needed primarily for supplies, membership, and/or registration fees, travel to activity specific competitions or events, uniforms, as well as limited equipment purchases. Amazon Smile is a simple and automatic way for you to support the Dallas Police Youth Foundation (DPYF) every time you shop, at no cost to you. When you shop at AmazonSmile you’ll find the exact same low prices, vast selection and convenient shopping experiences as Amazon.com, with the added bonus that Amazon will donate 0.5% of the purchase price from your eligibleAmazonSmile purchases to DPYF. Click Amazon Smile above to redirect and begin giving!!! We, at DPYF, are thankful for our generous sponsors without whom these programs would not exist!
Apparently, linebacker Rocky Calmus will not be re-signed by the Colts. Indy traded a 7th round pick for Calmus last year. He tore is knee in his first practice, and sat all year on the injured list. One linebacker that will come back next year is fan whipping boy Rob Morris. Morris signed a one-year deal, most likely for the vet minimum. Morris was a first round pick in 2000. He never panned out as a starter at MLB, but he's excellent on special teams.
What exercises are not safe first trimester? To prevent complications, pregnant people should avoid: - high impact exercises. - contact sports. - exercises with a high risk of falling, such as gymnastic or aerial sports. - high intensity exercises that raise heart and breathing rates to such an extent that it is difficult to speak. What core exercises are not safe during pregnancy? Ab Exercises to Avoid During Pregnancy “You want to avoid any kind of crunching or twisting in the torso,” Butler says. “That promotes the splitting in the abs, and afterward it can lead to hernias.” Which means doing sit-ups while pregnant is not a good idea—and neither is doing crunches or Russsian twists. Are jumping Jacks safe during pregnancy? When pregnant, avoid exercises that involve jumping or bouncing. It’s not the movement that is dangerous – the baby is well-padded in your uterus – but the stress it places on your ligaments and joints. Can I do ab workouts while pregnant? With your practitioner’s okay, it’s safe to exercise your abs throughout your entire pregnancy with the proper modifications. In fact, strengthening your abs when you’re expecting supports your pelvic organs as your baby bump gets bigger. Can you do pushups while pregnant? Benefits: Completed with good form, push-ups can be an effective functional exercise to strengthen your core. Yes, even for pregnant mamas. Can I do lunges while pregnant? Lunges are beneficial throughout pregnancy as they challenge balance and stabilization. You function unilaterally throughout the day whether you realize it or not; walking as you step from one leg to the other. Can jumping jacks cause a miscarriage? Miscarriage is not caused by the activities of a healthy pregnant woman, such as jumping, vigorous exercise, and frequent vaginal intercourse.
There are few things as sad as a crested gecko whose tank contents consist of nothing more than a hide and water and food bowls! Did you know that you can even use real plants in your crested gecko’s tank? There are so many you can use – and they look a lot better than nothing or even plastic plants. There is a very wide variety of real plants that you can choose from for your crested gecko’s tank. All of the ones described on our list are safe to use for your crestie – from the popular pothos and bird’s eye fern to the creeping fig and goosefoot. Here’s our list of awesome plants that are perfect for your crested gecko’s tank; from angel vine to zebra plant. Keep reading to find out how to choose the best plants and also which plants you should never put in a crested gecko’s tank. But first, let’s look at the pros and cons of using live plants instead of fake plants for your crested gecko. Table of Contents The Pros And Cons Of Using Real Or Fake Plants In Your Crested Gecko’s Tank |Using Real Plants For Your Crested Gecko| |Your crestie will get a more natural habitat to live in||Some plants need a lot of TLC| |They will have a lot of space to exercise and explore – especially if you change the setup when you deep clean the tank||You have to water them relatively often, which means that you need to keep a closer eye on the tank’s humidity| |You will spend more time with your crestie while keeping their forever home neat and tidy||You need to prune them often to ensure that they don’t take over the tank.| |If they do chew on a leaf or two, they won’t be ingesting fabric or plastic||You need to know which plants are safe and which are toxic to cresties| |Using Fake Plants For Your Crested Gecko| |You don’t have to water them, which makes it easier to keep the tank’s humidity stable||They may ingest some of the fabric or plastic by accident| |You don’t have to prune them||They can become tatty after a while| |You don’t have to worry about them taking over the tank because they grow fast||If you need a bigger plant, you need to buy a bigger one instead of simply waiting for it to grow| |You can easily rearrange the plants without them dying||Your crestie can get bored with the plants because they always look the same| 24 Plants That Are Safe To Use In Crested Gecko Tanks Here is an alphabetical list of the plants that are safe to use in crested gecko tanks, including details about each plant’s size, upkeep, and more. Creeping Wire Vine (Muehlenbeckia complexa) A native of New Zealand, the creeping wire vine/angel vine has long, wiry tendrils and small, delicate leaves that makes it ideal as a filler for a crested gecko tank. Angel vines like humidity, which means that they’ll thrive in a crested gecko tank. Water it once to twice a week, but make sure that the water drains well. Angel vines prefer indirect light, so don’t plant them in the warmest part of the tank where the basking spot or other heat source is. (If you are using heat mats, that is a different story, but we’ll come to that later in this article.) You’ll also need to trim the angel vine relatively often, as the tendrils can grow to be more than 12 feet long if left to themselves. Bird’s Nest Fern (Asplenium nidus) The bird’s nest fern is a beautiful bright green fern that has large leaves that make for ideal hiding spots for when your crested gecko wants to cool down a bit. As it likes the level of humidity in the cresties’ tanks and prefers moist soil, it’s best planted away from the basking spot and next to the cool hide. The leaves of this fern can grow to be quite large, so you’ll need to prune it to keep it from getting too big for the tank. It’s not as fast-growing as many of the other plants on this list, however. Bromeliads (Neoregelia sp.) Bromeliads come in a wide variety of colors and can be used to great effect in your crested gecko’s tank. They’re especially handy when you want to add pops of color and they’re also easy to grow in a tank as they naturally grow on the sides of trees. You can give them a cork or bark base to grow on and to stabilize them for when your crestie climbs around on them. Great bromeliad additions to your crested gecko tank includes: Chinese Evergreens (Aglaonema) The Chinese evergreen is a fast-growing, beautiful plant that has green and white leaves. It is sturdy enough for your crested gecko to climb on and makes a great focal point when planted at the back of the tank. Just remember that the Chinese evergreen likes humidity but doesn’t like too much water, so make sure that the soil dries out a bit between watering. As far as low-maintenance crestie plants go, this is one of the plants that you can mostly just leave alone and prune when necessary. Concinna Prayer Plant (Calathea concinna) The concinna prayer plant – so called because the leaves open and close in the morning and evening like hands in prayer – has dark, waxy leaves and thrives in a humid environment. The prayer plant does need more TLC than some of the other plants on this list and, when watering, make sure that you keep the well-draining soil moist, but the leaves dry. Creeping Fig (Ficus pumila) This creeper is ideal for use at the back of the tank and it forms a mat-like tangle of vines that your crested gecko can climb around on. It also “sticks” to just about any surface, making it an ideal backdrop or filler plant for any crestie tank. When we say it thrives in humid conditions, we actually mean that you’ll need to trim this creeper very often to keep it in check and not let it take over the whole tank. It’s an unbelievably fast grower. Dwarf Umbrella Tree (Schefflera arboricola) This smallish tree with its fanned clusters of leaves (hence “umbrella”) and sturdy trunk is ideal for crested gecko clambering and climbing. It enjoys the humidity of the crested gecko tank and is easy to keep trimmed down to size. Plant it on the cooler side of the tank and let the soil dry out a bit before each watering as they don’t like too much water. Elephant Ears (Alocasia polly) Elephant ears have large leaves on sturdy stalks that are excellent for cresties to climb and bask on. While the plant is usually dark green with silver-white veins, some of the types of elephant ears do come in other colors. It should be noted that the elephant ear needs quite a lot of TLC and isn’t a great plant for beginners to have in a crestie’s tank. Keep it moist and make sure that it doesn’t get direct light and it should grow quite well in your crested gecko’s tank. Goosefoot/ Arrowhead (Syngonium) Another awesome – and quite easy to take care of – plant for your crested gecko’s tank, is the goosefoot or arrowhead plant. Its leaves are usually green and white, but new varieties also have pink in the leaves, making it even more attractive. Tip: If you’re looking for the goosefoot variety that contains pink, ask for the “Pink Syngonium” and “Neon Robusta” varieties. Although this plant is really easy to grow, it does require quite a bit of maintenance as it’s a fast grower that loves to spread out. With some help from dried bamboo to grow against and around, you can make a great vertical climbing surface for your crested gecko. Goosefoot prefers indirect light and should be allowed to dry a bit between watering. Water about once or twice a week, depending on the size of the plant – the larger the plant, the more thirsty it’ll be. Jade Jewel (Dracaena fragrans) The jade jewel plant is another favorite for crested gecko tanks. Its large leaves may seem floppy, but they’re actually large enough and sturdy enough for a crested gecko to climb around on. It also tolerates different levels of light well, so you can plant it anywhere in the tank without a problem. Unlike some vivarium plants, the jade jewel is slow-growing, meaning that you won’t need to give it that much TLC even if your crestie is climbing about on it the whole day. Also, make sure that the soil that your jade jewel is planted in drains well. Lemon Button Fern (Nephrolepis cordifolia) The lemon button fern gets its name from its lemon scent and leaf shape. However, this plant is more for hiding and for show as the stems aren’t strong enough for your crestie to climb on. The fern should also grow well if you keep it moist (but not wet) and keep it trimmed so it doesn’t take over the tank. Plant it more on the cool side of the tank as well, and not on the warm side or close to the basking spot. Lucky Bamboo (Dracaena sanderiana) It is safe to use lucky bamboo in a crested gecko’s tank. You can also use bamboo canes (dried) in the tank to give your crestie extra items to climb on and explore. Some of the available bamboo are fitted with suckers so that they can be fastened to the sides of the tank. These are easy to clean as well! Lucky bamboo (which is actually a type of grass!), which is native to Africa, makes an ideal structural plant and focal point for your crested gecko’s tank. They can often be bought in twisted shapes, which makes the plant look even more amazing. These succulent-like plants are ideal for your crested gecko to climb on and can serve as a “ladder” between plants of different heights in your crestie’s tank. Avoid giving the lucky bamboo too much direct light. Water the plant about once a week, keeping it moist. Snake Plant (Sansevieria laurentii) The Snake Plant /Mother-in-law’s tongue has straight, sword-shaped leaves that are green and creamy-white. It’s low-maintenance, but grows to a large and tall size; therefore they should only be planted in large crested gecko tanks. Although your crestie won’t be able to climb around on the snake plant, it does serve as a great hiding place and can always be used as a focal point at the back of your crested gecko’s tank. Peace Lily (Spathiphyllum) The peace lily is able to thrive in many different temperatures and light and isn’t toxic to crested geckos, which make them ideal for crestie tanks and then also for beginner live plant keepers. When using the peace lily in your crested gecko’s tank, keep it trimmed and make sure you don’t overwater it. Due to the humidity in the tank, it should need less water than if it was used as a normal houseplant. Petra (Codiaeum variegatum) The striking petra has variegated foliage that will add immediate color to your crested gecko’s tank. The broad leaves and sturdy trunk will give your crestie endless fun and when kept pruned, it won’t take up too much space. Because of the petra’s size, it should be planted at the back of the tank to serve as structure for the rest of the plants. You can even trail some sturdy vines over and around the branches. Be sure to let the soil dry out a bit between watering. Pillow Moss/Cushion Moss (Leucobryum glaucum) Pillow moss really looks like their name implies and these squishy cushions are ideal for your crested gecko’s tank as they not only look great, but also keep moisture locked in and in that way help to keep the tank humid. Your crestie can also nibble on the moss – and some cresties really like doing that. Pink Quill (Tillandsia cyanea) If you’re looking to add some bright color to your crested gecko’s tank, the pink quill with its bright pink stems and purple blooms is ideal. You won’t have to worry about the purple flowers; as they aren’t harmful to your crestie. They also won’t wilt in the humid environment of your crestie’s tank. Pothos/Devil’s Ivy (Epipremnum aureum) The pothos or devil’s ivy is a rapid-growing vine that has bright green leaves. Low growing, it makes for excellent hiding places for your crested gecko when they want to escape the heat for a while. This is one of the most popular plants for crested geckos and looks really good when planted more to the side of the tank as this also gives its vines space to grow. Although pothos mostly provide shelter, its low vines are ideal for your crestie to clamber on. Rabbit’s Foot Fern (Davallia/Humana tyermanii) The rabbit’s foot fern is a beautiful, light green fern that grows about 5” tall. It can be planted as a terrestrial or grown as an epiphyte (grown on another plant like a weeping fig or dwarf umbrella tree). Its rhizomes are furry and silver-white in color, and, when planted on a darker plant or pot, will look striking. The rabbit’s foot fern should remain moist, but not wet. Plant it away from direct light as well. Radiator Plant (Peperomia) Radiator plants only grow to about a foot tall, making them the ideal size for a crested gecko’s tank. They also only need minimal TLC – unlike some of the fast-growing plants on our list. The dark green-black leaves of the radiator plant can look very striking when planted between the light and lime green leaves of ferns, goosefoot, etc. Give it indirect light and keep it moist, but not wet. Spider Plant (Chlorophytum comosum) Spider plants are very adaptable and will make a great addition to your crested gecko’s tank. They aren’t that fast growing, so you won’t have to trim them too often, but spider plants do need well-draining soil otherwise they are prone to root rot. Most spider plants are white and green, although there are now also variegated varieties that are just as easy to care for. Weeping Fig (Ficus benjamina) The weeping fig is more there for making your crested gecko’s tank look good than it is for giving your crestie a tree to climb around in. You should also choose an older weeping fig that already has a thick trunk. Your crestie will be able to climb up the trunk, so ensure that you arrange the tank so that they can also clamber around the tank from there using ledges, hammocks, bamboo, etc. Zebra Plant (Calathea zebrina) Not to be confused with the prayer plant, this native of Brazil can grow quite large (6ft. x 3ft.) and is only suitable for the largest of crested gecko tanks. Some of the varieties have leaves striped in yellow or pink, making them even more striking as a display piece in your crestie’s tank. Keep your zebra plant in check through trimming and give it indirect or diffused light to thrive. Don’t overwater it, and check that the soil drains well. It also helps to maintain the humidity in the tank. Your crested gecko will love exploring this tree with its giant leaves! 11 Plants You Should Never Put In A Crested Gecko’s Tank - Begonias (Begonia) - Braken Fern (Pteridium aquilinum) - Calla lily (Zantedeschia aethiopica) - Dumbcane (Dieffenbachia) - Hyacinth (Hyacinthus orientalis) - Ivy (Hedera spp.) - Mistletoe (Phoradendron villosum) - Poison ivy (Toxicodendron radicans) - Voodoo lily (Dracunculus vulgaris) All these plants are either not a good fit for a crested gecko tank or they can be poisonous or dangerous in other ways to your crested gecko. Still, that is no problem at all since we showed you that there are more than enough plants that are a good fit for your crestie tank. How To Choose Which Plants To Use In Your Crested Gecko Tank Having this long list of plants that you can use in your crested gecko’s tank can be quite overwhelming – especially since (unless you have a gigantic tank) you won’t be able to use them all at once. However, there is a relatively simple way to choose which plants are the best for your crested gecko. First of all, you need to take into account the age of your crested gecko and then you need to take into account the size of your crested gecko’s tank. The Age Of Your Crested Gecko Although your crested gecko will always want to climb, you can rather opt for smaller plants while your crestie is a baby or juvenile. Once they’ve reached adulthood, you can then change up the tank a bit and add larger plants like the dwarf umbrella tree, zebra plant, etc. A baby crested gecko can hide beneath smaller plants and thinner vines and stems are able to support their weight. If you use smaller plants like angel vine, you will also be able to find them easier! An adult crested gecko will then need larger plants to support their weight when they climb around and go exploring. They will love petras, elephant ears, mother-in-law’s tongue, and bird’s nest fern. The Size Of Your Crested Gecko’s Tank When choosing a tank for your crested gecko, always choose a vertical one rather than a horizontal one. This is because cresties love to clamber and climb. To only give them a horizontal tank means that they won’t get the exercise that they need to stay healthy. It can also lead to stress because they don’t have enough space. A crested gecko’s tank must preferably measure 18″ x 18″ x 24″. This will not only give them enough floor space to move around in, but will also have enough space to add a number of plants and pieces of wood for them to climb on as well as their hides and basking spot. A completed setup of a crested gecko’s tank should leave half of the tank’s space open for your crested gecko. Therefore, make sure that you trim and prune the plants back as they grow so that they don’t take over and fill the whole tank. Note! Make sure that you only use sterilized wood in your crested gecko’s tank. This will ensure that you don’t bring any pests or diseases into your crestie’s tank by accident. Can You Use Potted Plants In Crested Gecko Tanks? Yes, you can use potted plants in your crested gecko’s tank – as long as you’re using plants that are safe for crested geckos, like those on our list above. If you do decide to use potted plants, you should ensure that you use good-quality pots instead of just any old container. One of our favorite types of pots to use in crested gecko tanks are terracotta pots. These pots are not only hard-wearing, but they also retain moisture much better than plastic pots. As most of the plants that are used in crested gecko tanks need to remain moist, using clay pots like these are ideal. Using pots also makes it a lot easier to remove the plants when you’re cleaning your crested gecko’s tank (without killing them in the process) as well as giving you ample chances to rearrange your crestie’s tank. Start with small pots and then get larger pots as needed, hiding them in the substrate, behind hides, etc. Tip: When a plant in your crested gecko’s tank becomes too big, you can always just remove it and keep it either as a house plant or plant it in your garden. Using A Heat Mat When You Have Real Plants In Your Crested Gecko’s Tank An important thing to note when using real plants in your crested gecko’s tank, is that you cannot then place a heat mat underneath the tank. Although heat mats are often put underneath a tank in order to get the right temperature, the plants may die because their root systems get too hot (it’s normally cooler beneath the soil). If you want to or need to use a heat mat in your setup as well, you will need to place it on the side of the tank. This will ensure that the heat is still added and distributed where it needs to be in the tank, but without harming the plants. You should also make sure that you really need to use a heat mat for your crested gecko before buying one. Why You Should Know Your Plants’ Maximum Temperature And Humidity Tolerance When you’re choosing plants for your crested gecko’s tank, you need to know whether or not your plant likes cooler or warmer temperatures and what its humidity requirements are as this is how you’ll know where in the tank to plant them. For example, you will need to plant ferns on the cool side of the tank where they can stay moist for longer. You can also plant the larger plants at the back of the tank with smaller or low-growing plants in the middle and front of the tank. Plants that are more succulent-like can then be planted on the warmer side of the tank or close to the basking spot. You can also use the basking spot for plants that require direct light. You also have to keep in mind that the plants you use in your crested gecko’s tank are used to high humidity (just like your crestie). However, with the use of real plants in a crested gecko’s tank, the humidity can fluctuate more than with fake plants. You, therefore, need to keep a close eye on your hygrometer – especially just after watering the plants. Tip! If you use real plants in your crested gecko’s tank, make sure that you get a good quality hygrometer that will give you ongoing accurate measurements. Plants’ Maximum Temperatures, Recommended Placement, and Watering Schedule |Plant Name||Maximum Temperature||Humidity Tolerance||Recommended Placement||Watering Schedule| |Angel Vine||80 °F | 27 °C||30% to 40%||Away from direct light, to the front of the tank where it’s not as moist.||Weekly, except in winter (then once every two weeks)| |Bird’s Nest Fern||80°F | 27°C||40 – 60%||Indirect, low light. Plant on the cooler side of the tank, away from the basking spot.||Wait for the soil to dry out before watering again (every 1 to 2 weeks). Can mist between watering.| |Bromeliads||90°F | 32°C||40 – 60%||Bright but indirect light – don’t plant too close to the basking spot.||Mist when the soil starts to get dry.| |Chinese Evergreens||75°F | 24°C||60 – 70%||To the back on the coolest end of the tank.||Mist regularly to keep moist.| |Concinna Prayer Plant||85°F | 30°C||70% or higher||Plant in the middle of the tank to keep humidity and temperature up.||Mist regularly to keep moist.| |Creeping Fig||85°F | 30°C||50% or higher||Plant away from the basking spot to keep the amount of direct light lower.||Keep soil moist by misting regularly, not less than once per week.| |Dwarf Umbrella Tree||75°F | 24°C||50% or higher||Plant in the back corner of the cool side.||Let the soil dry slightly between watering.| |Elephant Ears||85°F | 26°C||60% or higher||Plant close to the centre of the tank.||Keep moist with deep watering once a month.| |Goosefoot||85°F | 30°C||60% or higher||No direct light, so don’t plant it next to the basking spot.||Mist several times per week to keep moist.| |Jade Jewel||80°F | 27°C||40 – 60%||Avoid the direct light around the basking spot; plant towards the cooler end of the tank.||Mist regularly, but don’t get the soil more than moist.| |Lemon Button Fern||80°F | 27°C||60% or higher||Plant in the middle of the tank, towards the front.||Water thoroughly before planting and then keep soil moist through misting.| |Lucky Bamboo||95°F | 35°C||50% or higher||Can be planted anywhere in the tank, but looks really nice forming a “background”.||Mist often with distilled water/tap water standing more than 24 hours.| |Mother In-Law’s Tongue||75°F | 24°C||40 – 60%||Plant more towards the cool side, sheltered by larger plants.||Mist once or twice per week.| |Peace Lily||85°F | 30°C||60% or higher||Plant on the warm side of the tank, but not too close to the basking spot.||Keep moist by misting regularly.| |Petra||85°F | 30°C||40 – 60%||Plant on the warm side of the tank, but not too close to the basking spot.||Let the soil dry slightly between mistings.| |Pillow Moss||80°F | 27°F||70% or higher||Plant on the cool side of the tank, sheltered by taller plants, where the humidity is higher.||Mist daily to keep it moist.| |Pink Quill||75°F | 24°C||50% or higher||Plant on the cool side of the tank.||Mist to keep moist.| |Pothos||80°F | 27°C||50 – 70%||Plant on the cool side of the tank.||Let the soil dry slightly between mistings.| |Rabbit’s Foot Fern||80°F | 27°C||60 – 70%||Plant in the shelter of other plants, not in direct light.||Mist to keep moist.| |Radiator Plant||75°F | 24°C||40 – 50%||Plant to the front of the cool side as it shouldn’t be in the shade.||Mist every couple of days to keep slightly moist.| |Spider Plant||80°F | 27°C||60 – 70%||Plant to the front of the tank on the warmer side.||Keep moist through misting daily or every other day.| |Weeping Fig||80°F | 27°C||60 – 70%||Plant to the back of the tank on the warmer side.||Mist to keep soil moist.| |Zebra Plant||75°F | 24°C||60 – 70%||Plant to the front of the cool side as it shouldn’t be in the shade.||Mist to keep soil moist.| What To Do If The Humidity In Your Crested Gecko Tank Gets Too High If you find that the humidity in your crested gecko’s tank gets too high, the first thing to do is not to panic. If you’ve just misted the tank and closed it again, the humidity will be very high (in the region of 80% or so) for a while. This is normal and you just need to keep an eye on the hygrometer to ensure that the humidity range goes back to normal within a few hours. However, if it’s not a matter of having just misted the tank, or the humidity doesn’t go down, the easiest and fastest way to lower the humidity is to open the tank for a bit. You don’t have to keep it open long or even open it completely. Just letting some of the drier air in the room into the tank will ensure that you drop the humidity inside the tank. Just be careful not to let the humidity get too low! Tip! If you find that the humidity of the tank stays high, you may be misting the tank too often. Cut back on the amount of water you’re using and keep checking the hygrometer to see if the humidity stabilises at the correct level. How To Choose A Healthy Plant For Your Crested Gecko’s Tank Choosing the best plants for your crested gecko’s tank is also about choosing the healthiest plants as these will not only look good, but will also be more likely to survive if you don’t have a very green thumb. When you look for plants to buy, keep the following in mind: - The leaves should be a healthy color – whether that is green or another color - The stems should be healthy and not soft or black as this is a sign of disease or over-watering - The root system should be well-developed when you remove it from its original pot to replant it for the tank. Is A Crested Gecko Plant Kit Any Good? Whether a crested gecko plant kit is good or not usually depends on the supplier as some suppliers may not have very healthy plants. If you can’t look at the plants yourself before choosing which ones to buy, you need to make sure that you only buy from a reputable supplier. Also, make sure that you get a good variety of plants that will not only look good but – even more important – fit in your crested gecko’s tank once they start growing. You would also want plants that are both fast and slow-growing in order to make it easier for you to keep everything trimmed and not have them take over the whole tank. Many of the gecko plant kits suppliers choose the plants for you, so while you have an idea of what you’ll get, the plants may be more of a “luck of the draw” regarding type and even health. You also won’t be able to choose the size of the plants, making it difficult to know exactly where to plant them. If you are a beginner, however, choosing to take a crested gecko plant kit from a trusted supplier may be a very good idea as it will simply make it easier to set up the tank. How To Water The Plants In Your Crested Gecko’s Tank To water the plants in your crested gecko’s tank, simply fill a clean spray bottle or mister with either distilled water or tap water that has stood for at least 24 hours. This will give the chemicals in the water time to evaporate. Then, taking care not to use too much water, spritz some or all of the plants in the tank. Some plants may need to be watered more thoroughly once per month. To do this, water the plants when you clean the whole tank once per month. While you’re cleaning the tank the water can then drain from the soil in the plants’ pots. You can then start misting the plants again when the soil starts to dry out. Giving your crested gecko a more realistic natural tank setup can be very good for their overall health, as it will give them ample stimulation and exercise when they climb around on the branches and plants. Keeping the plants that you’ve added to the tank in check will also give you more time to spend with your crested gecko – so enjoy it!
A Texas man who spent his career painting buildings was awarded $11 million after he claimed to have developed mesothelioma from asbestos-containing painting products. Vernon Walker, 67, of Dallas spent years working daily with contaminated products such as texturing paints, block fillers and drywall compounds, some of which were banned by the Consumer Products Safety Commission in the 1970’s because of their asbestos. Forty percent of the $11 settlement is to come from asbestos mining company Union Carbide and the rest from various paint product manufacturers. Union Carbide took another recent hit in court from a former employee, who won his $3 million suit against the company and two others he blamed for his mesothelioma. Oscar Torres’ suit alleged that workers at the plant were not properly protected against asbestos exposure and were not warned of its potentially lethal consequences. Asbestos is the only known cause of mesothelioma. A paper mill worker in South Carolina has won a $10.2 million lawsuit against Scapa Dryer Fabric, Inc. and AstenJohnson. Henry Barabin claims the companies used high amounts of asbestos in their products, and used poorly designed equipment that put laborers like him at risk for inhaling the toxic dust when they handled or cleaned up around the dryer fabrics. Barabin worked at the mill from 1968 to 1984. He was diagnosed with mesothelioma in 2006. Meanwhile, a Houston couple is hoping to prove that 49 companies were negligent in protecting refinery worker Corbett Duhon against the dangers of asbestos. The suit names such industrial giants as Viacom, Ford Motor Company and AMF Incorporated, and claims that Duhon was exposed to a wide range of asbestos products while working in various shipyards, mills and refineries for more than 20 years. Duhon developed mesothelioma in December of 2009. The Virginia Senate has defeated a proposal that would have protected a company there against mesothelioma and asbestos lawsuits. According to the Washington Post, Crown Cork & Seal has been named in more than 300,000 asbestos claims and has paid out more than $600 million. The company employs more than 300 people in Virginia and has said that it will have to close its door if the bill didn’t past. Despite intense and expensive lobbying efforts, the bill failed by a vote of 13 to 2. And in Kansas, it is not what is happening in the courtrooms, but the courtrooms themselves that are the source of asbestos controversy. The Kansas City Star reports that a series of lawsuits filed recently claim that workers and visitors to a downtown courthouse have been exposed to asbestos for years, due to faulty ventilation. The suits claim that asbestos dust in the old courthouse collects around the heating and air-conditioning systems, putting anyone nearby as risk for inhalation. Renovation, demolition and maintenance projects have been going on in the building for more than 30 years. More information about mesothelioma lawsuits and lawyers. Texas Asbestos Injury Lawsuit Results in $3 Million Award, March 22, 2010. AboutLawsuits(dot)com. Ex Paper Mill Worker Wins $10.2M in Mesothelioma Lawsuit Judgment, March 17, 2010. WiredPRNews.com Virginia Senate Votes Down Asbestos Lawsuit Shield, March 9, 2010. U.S. Politics Today. Rizzo, Tony. Lawsuits claim asbestos exposure at Jackson County Courthouse downtown. March 18, 2010. The Kansas City Star.
I have printed one other piece by Moore on this blog. I tend to ignore critique except to contextualise the social and historical life of the poet, those movements that brought the writer to settle into her voice. There is a resonance in Moore’s poetry that is hooking, despite the best efforts of Ted Hughes to underrate her contribution, or whatever it was that provoked the nasty little Moore Poem in Birthday Letters I am adding in this little excerpt along with the title of the book in the hope that more readers will come to look at women writers: There never was a war that was not inward; I must fight till I have conquered in myself what causes war, but I would not believe it. I inwardly did nothing. When I read Birthday Letters, long before I had read anything by Moore, I must confess that the imagery that Hughes used to talk of the woman put me right off wanting to read her. The issue emanated from a particular episode in which he accused her of putting shards of glass into an acerbic note she sent Plath, or the image of her in her hat looking for the grave on which to lay her little wreath. It irritates me beyond belief that Hughes exploited his power in such a wholly provocative manner, and that be celebrated by other poets including Seamus Heaney. For what Hughes did in Birthday Letters was to make himself unanswerable, neither Moore nor Plath can respond to his work. It must have been great that the mostly male critical and academic establishment refused to note this in their reviews. It did not occur to Heaney, for instance to note that Hughes took an opportunity to settle old scores/scars. For me, a writer of prose and a poet, the issue has always been about engagement with themes and symbols that evolve over time, but that somehow retain their shape and essence no matter what. I am still trying to understand how a voice as strong as Hughes is capable of honing those particular traumas so artfully decades indeed after the episode. Thats Poetic Engagement and can give reviewers the equivalent of the bends; and yet effect another writer’s historical place in our consciousness by sleight of hand (or with deliberate intention).
Erica Holstein- Keller Williams Realty Signature Partners I want each client to feel as though they are my only client. Customer service is extremely important to me and want to treat people how I would expected to be treated. Realtor since 2004 National Association of Realtors GA Association of Realtors FMLS (First Multiple Listing Service) GAMLS (Georgia Multiple Listing Service) # 14 out 174 agents - volume in my office 2010 Helping with single family homes, condos/townhomes, new construction, short sales, foreclosures, HUD and investment properties. Want to know about foreclosures before everyone else does??? SMART, REAL ESTATE DECISIONS. REAL ESTATE SEARCH TOOLS FOR BROKERS, AGENTS, BUILDERS, LENDERS, AND YOU. https://www.realvaluator.com/public_search KELLER WILLIAMS REALTY SIGNATURE PARTNERS FOR RANKING #11 IN ATLANTA'S TOP 25 RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE OFFICES! Whether you're looking for your first home, your dream home or an investment property, I'm committed to providing you with the highest quality buyer service. When making the type of investment that buying a home requires, you deserve to have all the latest market information and the very best advice, both of which I can provide you with. An independent survey reported that 84% of home buyers would use the same REALTOR® again. I base my business not only on having the transaction for my buyer or seller go smooth for the first but for their lifetime. I am wanting to help you in between the buying and selling transaction with up to date detailed market statistics, FREE market trend report, tax assessment appeals and more! Investing in real estate can be scary but my goal is to make you at ease with your property and the transaction, that you will come out ahead even when you resale in the future. TestimonialsDear Erica, I know this thank you note must join numerous others. I still want to let you know how much I appreciate all you have done for me and my family. I know that I was not the most agreable seller to deal with. In today's market it's hard to face the fact that you may not get top dollar for your home. You gently nursed me along and were always honest about what I should do. You let me make my own decisions knowing full well they were wrong. Fortunately I listened to you when it really counted. I am convinced, had you not insisted I reconsider that last offer, I would still be waiting to join my husband in Texas. My neighbor is still waiting to sell her house and it's months later. Thank you for being an outstanding realtor and more importantly a great person. Theresa Dell'Aira At EASE with ERICA- Serving Marietta, Kennesaw, Dallas, Acworth,Powder Springs, Smyrna, Mableton, Sandy Springs, Roswell, Buckhead, Atlanta and more!! Working hard to serve you daily!
It was great being back at St.Joseph’s this week! We worked with three students I had never met before and one student who was at the last session I attended. When we walked in, one of the students (Rufus) was playing the piano. He was very talented and told us what his favorite songs to play are. It was clear that he was excited that we were interested and that he was proud of his skills. Lexi, Matt, and I commented that it would be great if he could play the piano either at some point during the performance or as the audience entered the venue. All four students had also worked with the Monday group (ACT IV) so they were familiar with the plot and the characters. This was very helpful because we were able to jump right into physically acting out ACT III. Matt and I worked with Cristina and Rufus on the Viola and Olivia exchange in Scene I, while Lexi worked with Dale and Charles on Scene II. It was nice to have such a small group and be able to split up like this because we were able to give the students very personal attention. Cristina and Dale struggled a bit with reading through the lines, so as we went through I circled all the words they had a hard time with. In class yesterday, Lexi and I went through the script and attempted to change some of the words that they were struggling with to make it more approachable. The only issue we really ran into was Cristina calling Dale – who had the most trouble with the script – slow and stupid. Dale didn’t take her comments personally and was able to keep his sense of humor – even saying “excuse me” after every time he mentioned his character (Sir Toby Belch). This provided us all with quite a bit of entertainment, and hopefully we can utilize Dales sense of humor when assigning him a role in the final production. Overall, it was a productive hour, and I think we all learned a lot about what our roles are going to be in the final production. Some of the students will not need our help at all but others may need more guidance and direction during the performance. It is a little bit difficult working with different kids each week because the work feels inconsistent and progress isn’t very visible, but hopefully we will have a great showing for the final performance. At least we know the students are enthusiastic and willing to roll with the punches!
Lilliput - Champagne Earrings Regular price $10.00 These titanium earrings are super comfy for sensitive ears. Rubber backs are included for a snug, comfortable fit. The design will never fade or wash away. Search ‘hang tabs’ in my shop for display options. Not seeing what you’re looking for? Contact me for custom designs! • Titanium Post - Medical Grade 1 • Hypoallergenic for sensitive ears. • 100% Nickel-free. • Vibrant UV ink on clear acrylic. • Fade and waterproof. • High-gloss protective finish. • Rubber backs included. • Handmade with love in New Orleans, LA. - $5 flat-rate US shipping for items under a lb or - $9.95 flat-rate US shipping for items over a 1lb-70lb - FREE on orders over $100! - Orders are processed and shipped out within 72 hours. - FREE local pickup is available in Columbia, South Carolina (choose option at checkout.) - Returns on unworn, unwashed items with tags still attached are accepted within 14 days of receipt of item. - Returns are eligible for store credit only. - Sale/clearance items are NOT returnable, they are final sale. - Shipping charges (original and return) are the customer’s responsibility. - Please fill out the form below to initiate your return (if eligible):
Where to Play Progressive Video Poker Progressive video poker games are played in exactly the same way as any other video poker game, with one major difference: all bets feed a percentage into a massive jackpot that’s connected throughout all the video poker games on that software. If you hit a certain hand, then you win the progressive jackpot. It’s very similar to progressive slots, only it’s video poker. The main difference is that you can calculate what the progressive jackpot has to get up to in order to determine when a game has a positive expectation. If a jackpot bet on a video poker game gets high enough, then instead of a payback percentage of 99.5%, you might get a payback percentage of 100.5% or 101% or even higher. Different Software, Different Progressive Video Games There are a number of different online softwares that power online casinos. Each one has a different version of a progressive video poker, or multiple versions. You’ll be able to find some of the major softwares and the progressive video poker games available on the following pages. We’ll also include some information about payback percentages for the video poker games, usually how high the jackpot must be in order to make the game a positive expectation bet. - Realtime Gaming - Net Entertainment - Random Logic We’ve tried to list these in order of popularity, although we’re only basing the popularity of these casinos on our own knowledge, not anything official. Eventually each of the above softwares will have a link to its own page, which will include information about their progressive video poker versions. Video poker is a rather popular casino game that looks similar to a modern slot machine and is played an a computer monitor. When the game first came out, the machines were not all that popular but, eventually, they became a staple in gaming centers all over the world. The very first video poker machine was created and developed in the early seventies around the same time that personal computers emerged. Starting in the early eighties, casinos around the country began putting the games out on their floors where they became increasingly popular among customers were too intimidated by the tables of real poker games. In many ways the poker machines work the same way that electronic slot machines do. Players insert money or a preloaded gaming card into it, they receive a randomized hand and use the buttons on the screen to begin placing their bets, which are usually set at increments of one or five dollar amounts. The machine, after the draw, then pays out if the hand that the player had was one that consisted of a winning combination such as a pair, straight, flush, or etc. The amount of money that players can win each hand depend on how rare of a hand they end up with. Most hand combinations are exactly the same as they are in regular table poker and the odds of getting one are roughly similar as well. In most high end casinos, the video poker devices also offer some sort of progressive jackpot, in which a player is encouraged to continue playing the same machine and feeding in more money with the hopes of winning one of the unique bonuses. Since poker is more of a game of skill, rather than purely a game of chance like so many other casino activities, experienced and knowledgeable gamblers can eventually learn helpful tricks and skills which can help them win. Since the cards are dealt randomly from a computer generated deck of fifty two, the possible outcomes and combinations can sometimes be calculated to an extent. Good poker players will learn and develop helpful strategies to end up with an optimal hand. Strip poker isn’t a game that you really need rules for — if you lose a hand, you have to start removing some clothing. It’s a fun, flirty way to make poker a little interesting. But if you’re far, far away from any wild, flirty friends, it might be hard to really get into the game. Of course, the power of the Internet is such that just about any type of “game” you want to play can be found online. While strip poker online isn’t about winning real money, we figured that it might be a fun change of pace to think of cool stuff you can do this holiday season. If you’re feeling burned out by fast paced poker, this light hearted version might be right up your alley. As mentioned before, this is not for real money — just fun. You want to connect to a poker room that lets you use your webcam in order to participate. Yes, that means that youíre going to have to join in. It’s not just about the game — it’s about meeting new people. In todayís society, we’re always on the go — to the point where it can be really hard to socialize the way we used to. It seems like once you get out of school, things really start to change. Things take on their own meaning and relevance. There are a few places to check out strip poker online, and the list is growing every day. Is this something that you really want to do all of the time? Probably not. But it’s a great way to mix things up. Now then, this is still poker, and you want to make sure that youíre using solid poker theory to win. If you get to play with a bunch of really attractive people, well — the rest is up to you, isn’t it? This isn’t for everyone, but if youíre looking for a little “edge” to your poker play, you can’t go wrong with checking out strip poker online. As poker fever continues to creep into the minds of people all across the world, many of you have asked us to shed some light on a number of different versions of the game. After all, Texas Hold’em is only one of hundreds of variants of the game. In this segment we will take a closer look one of these variations, Pai Gow Poker, and try to answer, among other things, questions such as: what’s behind the funny-sounding name and how do you play this funky-looking variety of poker? So here goes – we hope you find it useful. What is Pai Gow Poker? This version of online poker has its original roots in the ancient Chinese game called Pai Gow, which means “make nine” in that language. It has merged with the basic form of poker to become a very popular and relatively new gambling game. It only entered Vegas casinos in 1987, but was an instant success due to its established popularity in California and surrounding areas with a large Asian population. The game debuted in Atlantic City casinos the following year, and was greeted with even more fanfare. Although Pai Gow poker hasn’t gained the notoriety of its famous cousin, Texas Hold’em, the game continues to grow in popularity. The current game is descended from the aforementioned ancient Chinese game, but the two versions bear little resemblance to one another. The original Pai Gow is a cryptic and symbolic game, very difficult to learn, and was originally played with dominos. Pai Gow Poker on the other hand is quite straightforward and based on standard poker hands, with very simple rules to follow. How to Play In Pai Gow Poker, a 53-card deck is used. The additional card, typically a joker, is a designated wild card. The wild card may be used to complete straights and flushes, but otherwise it seen as an Ace. Pai Gow Poker is played on a blackjack table, and up to six players can play at a time. Similar to Blackjack, the players compete against the dealer. At the start of each hand you are dealt seven cards, which you must form into two hands – one with five cards and the other with two. The object is to win money by beating both the dealer’s high (5-card) hand and low (2-card) hand. If the player loses both hands, the dealer collects the player’s wager, and if the hand’s are split then the round is considered a push and no money is exchanged. The only other situation which may arise is when the player and the dealer have identical hands (either high or low). In this case the tie goes to the dealer, and it’s called a “copy”. When a player wins a hand, there is usually a 5% commission subtracted from his winnings. This means that if a player wagers $10, his return on a winning hand will be $19.50. The dealer’s rake ensures that over time he will have an edge, albeit a small one. Several online gaming sites offer the chance to play Pai Gow for both practice and for real money. When playing the casino game of video poker players need to be careful when thinking they have the best hand. Be careful and wait for all the cards to be been given out. You may have been dealt two pocket kings, but do not realize that the person next to you was just dealt two pocket aces. It has been said that this is not a common occurrence in regular poker but I have seen it many times in online poker. Another good strategy for online poker is to only go in a hand when you have something good. Many online players decide to just go in just to see if they get lucky. Going in when you do not have the cards is never a good idea. When playing poker you should only go in when you have good cards. When playing online its easy to get distracted. Make sure you have scheduled quiet time for your game. Put the kids to bed, turn off the TV and do not surf the Internet while playing. These things can make you lose hands because you are not paying attention to what is happening. All online games will have a sit out option. You should use the sit out option as often as you need until the distractions have passed and you can concentrate. Remember do not go all in every time someone at your table does. People go all in for all kinds of reasons, know yours! Going in because someone keeps taking the ante is not a reason. Putting all your money in means you cannot back out, you must be sure and poker is not a sure bet. At best its a 50/50 shot. Do not bluff people in online Poker. Bluffing is very risky and will very often backfire. Putting in a lot of money just to make someone go out is not a good decision because you never know who is sitting there with pocket aces. Try to know your opponent. You may not be able to see the other players but you can get an idea of how they bet. If you are watching other players and they fold every hand and than one hand they bet a lot, they probably have something. If you have been paying attention you will notice their bet and fold. Another strategy is to pay attention to not only your cards but pay attention to the cards on the table. If you have two pair and there are four spades on the table, think, can someone else sitting at this table have that fifth spade? Look at all the cards on the table and think about what others could have versus the cards you are holding. Lastly, and I cannot stress this enough. When sitting home at the computer playing video poker, do not drink! This is a very way strategy while other may not have all their senses you will. It is easy to get comfortable and grab a beer or glass of wine, but remember you are playing to win. Drinking will cloud you judgment. You will always play better sober.
Love the software, but my year is about to run out and I need to find out if I am incorrect or there is an error in current software - my spouse turned 66 on April 10 of 2016. As directed by the software, she filed and suspended (well before April 29). I will turn 66 in January of 2017. It was my understanding that at that time I could apply for spousal benefit without my spouse having to reinstating her benefit. I thought that was the loophole that only changed changed after April 29. I'd appreciate your answer. Yes, if this is what the software recommended in your case, it sounds like you've done everything correctly so far. Since your wife filed and suspended prior to the April 29 2016 deadline, you can file a restricted application for spousal benefits only effective with the month you reach age 66, and you will be able to draw your spousal benefits while her benefits are suspended. For confirmation, see FAQ #4 of the following reference from Social Security's website: https://www.ssa.gov/planners/retire/suspendfaq.html.
The BBC, Fox News and others are deploying Immarsat BGAN mobile broadband satellite services via Stratos for uninterrupted coverage of news events as the political situation in Egypt twists and turns. Broadcasters began filing reports of the crisis from Cairo and other Egyptian cities on January 25th. Days later, the Egyptian government shut down all terrestrial internet connectivity and mobile phone service. BGAN enabled these broadcasters to continue newsgathering in Egypt and transmitting live reports to their studios, without interruption. BGAN from Stratos streaming services are being used by the BBC, Fox News and others for live video streaming from the protest sites. The broadcasters also are using BGAN for Internet connectivity, store-and-forward video clips, and audio streaming for radio broadcast. All BGAN traffic from these organizations is routed via the Stratos global IP network, known as StratosNexus, into the broadcasters’ studios worldwide. As it did for last year’s Haitian disaster, Stratos is continually monitoring its BGAN network and StratosNexus during this period of heightened usage in Egypt – and is providing frequent status reports to its media customers. Inmarsat also is taking measures to ensure the usual high level of availability and reliability of its Inmarsat-4 satellite network during this crisis. Stratos President and CEO Jim Parm said: “Major news events like these, under seemingly impossible conditions, remind the world’s top broadcasters of the indispensable nature of BGAN and the reliability of the Stratos network. The Stratos team remains available around the clock, to help our customers ensure optimal performance and efficiency from any imaginable location.”
Jude, Zeta where have you been? We've been looking all over and here we find you at the psychiatrist's office raising awareness about mental health within the community. Well, I personally want to say that "We love it". "Side Effects" is an intriguing film providing a little insight into the world of depression, along with a dash of embellishment clearly for the purposes of making it into a motion picture. Anyone experiencing a mental illness or even treating a mental illness will testify that one's mental health is no laughing matter, by any means. "Side Effects" is a must-see film for the simple fact that it deals with real topics and issues that most have experienced either first hand or indirectly through someone we know. So let's pop open the Xanax and see what this movie is about. Jude Law stars as Dr. Johnathan Banks, a psychiatrist confident in his practice, until he encounters a seemingly harmless client named Emily(Rooney Mara). Emily comes to his attention in a depressed state via recent suicide attempt that lands her in the emergency room. Banks being a doctor overworked and maybe even ready to go home allows Emily to leave with only a script and her word that she would meet with him for outpatient treatment. Now, anyone knowing 2 cents about mental health would know that you don't get to go home after attempting to take your own life in the same night. Anywho, he releases her to her husband, Martin(Tatum) that reassures Banks that his wife will take her medications and attend scheduled appointments. Sounds like an open and shut film huh? Well, it's not. Emily attends the appointments and goes through the normal dialogue of her childhood troubles and sources of stress while experimenting with medications to find something without too many "side-effects". Everything seems to be going along according to plan, until Emily wants to try this new wonder drug called "Ablixa". Ablixa is to be the drug of the century, the cure all, but no drug is without side-effects and this one has some that aren't so easy to eliminate. You ever hear of Ambien and all the sleepwalking that it has caused? Well, multiple the intensity of it's side-effects by 100 and you have your new cure for depression. Emily begins to take this new pill and this is where the movie starts! "Side Effects" puts Banks face to face with either one of the most clever people to walk the planet or the sickest client in mental health cinema history. This movie is guaranteed to have psychiatrists thinking twice before pulling out their blue pads and prescribing the next "It" drug on the market. The obvious question is "Who would prescribe a new drug without doing the proper research"? Any idea, Banks? Catherine Zeta Jones give an eye opening performance in the film as Dr. Seibert, a mature female psychiatrist that becomes interested in the work of Banks and Emily. One has to wonder why she has taken such an interest in the work of Banks, hmm? It's always nice to see Zeta take on a role as she gives it 110 percent every time. I first started following her films after watching her performance in "Traffic", great film by the way if you haven't seen it. I've got to say, her role as Seibert definitely adds some "essence" to the film and I'll leave it at that. Now for the true star of the film, Rooney Mara, she takes on the role of Emily Taylor, a depressed and very suicidal young woman that flips Bank's world upside down. The way in which Mara portrays the character shows that Soderbergh put a lot of effort into researching depression and communicating his needs for the film. I personally have worked in mental health for the past 12yrs and I would say that she gives a convincing performance, but that's just my personal opinion. Mara is going to be someone to look for in future films, but if this is your first introduction to her, it's definitely a treat. To wrap things up, "Side Effects" is a movie about mental illness, but it does not reflect the issues and concerns of everyone experiencing depression. "We don't want anyone making assumptions about themselves or anyone else that they know diagnosed with an mental illness". Unhinged Reviews recommends this film for those curious about the mind and how serious it is for both clients and doctors to do the research on medications before starting treatment. Unhinged Reviews also recommends this film for those in search of a good drama with an unexpected plot twist or two. Enjoy. Click a button to share this review with others Leave a comment to discuss the film or open a dialogue about your experience with mental health.
That’s the catch-22, isn’t it? You’re taking the mushrooms to try Pi Day Live Everyday Like It’s Pi Day Distressed Shirt treat your depression, but being depressed and in a dark place is not a good base mindset for a mushroom trip. This is why I believe psychedelic-assisted psychotherapy is the way to go. Having a guide to help with prep and post-integration is key to actually learning and progressing from the Pi Day Live Everyday Like It’s Pi Day Distressed Shirt. Worst case even help the patient administer trip-killers if needed. Some experienced individuals can do that alone with the set, mindset, intent, etc… but even still can they, especially beginners during a dark period, venture into an uncomfortable space. Not that’s it’s necessarily a bad thing but at larger doses, it certainly can be dangerous. I found that planning for a good day (nice weather, having a babysitter with a hike/park/something fun but not socially planned) made the vibes stay good throughout. I only took a tab of acid once, but it legitimately cured my lifelong persistent depression. I still feel depressed every once in a blue moon, but I haven’t even been close to the edge that I was on before. Same for me. The best experiences I’ve had usually, but not always, had some level of negative emotions which give way to intense positivity. Pi Day Live Everyday Like It’s Pi Day Distressed Shirt, Tank Top, V-neck, Sweatshirt And Hoodie I agree with this – then I hear about terminal cancer Pi Day Live Everyday Like It’s Pi Day Distressed Shirt or people dealing with immense grief having profound healing experiences on mushrooms. They must be in a worse mental space than people with depression? I’ve found my trips which have more negative emotions to be generally more cathartic. Sorta forcing me to come face to face with things I had been struggling with without acknowledging them. While the trips themselves weren’t the most pleasant experiences, the aftereffects were very Pi Day 3.14 Cutie PI Q T Pi Funny Pie Math Geek Shirt. Maybe it’s something like that for some of those folks. I have to imagine that those trips aren’t light or filled with giddy laughter, but rather the grand scale of our existence, and the notion that everything will be okay, no matter the outcome. There’s a middle ground between microdose and full dose! Try that! Some of my best times weren’t ego-death level doses… but I still felt it. Once you know your dose it’s possible to get buzzed on it without going full trip mode, that buzz is all I need for it to work for me hard to explain it’s like I’m high off of weed and have minimal tracers Other Product: I’m Currently Unmedicated And Unsupervised Funny Horse Shirt
Being elected as the President of Pakistan Biological Safety Association (PBSA) is a true honour for me. I believe that promoting awareness, knowledge and understanding of biosafety at the regional and national level is responsibility of each member and trainer of the PBSA. This organization is commended in many of the national and international forums for its preventive training for Risk Assessment and management, that was much needed at the time of COVID-19 outbreak. Additionally, it has promoted strong collaborations and affiliations with various Biosafety developmental programs that align with international standards to acknowledge and recognize biosafety as a separate scientific discipline within Pakistan. I strongly agree that “no one is safe until everyone is safe”, and would like to work with the PBSA team to implement this approach as far and wide as possible. Prof. Dr. Saeed Khan Prof. Dr. Saeed Khan, President PBSA/ Professor Dow University of Health Sciences Karachi
UP NHM CHO Recruitment 2021 has invited online applications for various posts. Including the UP NHM CHO. In this post, we are going to tell you all the information related to UP NHM CHO Recruitment in detail about the online application form, notification, how to apply, last date selection process, age limit, education qualification etc. Anyone who wants to do a government job in UP NHM CHO Recruitment can apply online before the last date. Those candidates who are preparing for a government job or want to do a government job and fulfill the required criteria given in the department’s notification can read all the information related to UP NHM CHO Recruitment in the table below. UP NHM CHO Recruitment Jobs Notification 2021 |Department||Uttar Pradesh National Health Mission (UP NHM)| |Post Name||Community Health Officer CHO| |Total Post||2800 Posts| |Category||India Govt Jobs| |Jobs Type||Sarkari Naukari| UP NHM CHO Recruitment 2021 In the table below, we are going to tell you about the various posts of UP NHM CHO Vacancy Online. You can get here information about the posts released by the department. Before you apply the form online, read all the information thoroughly. |Post||Number of Post| |Community Health Officer CHO||2800 Posts| Important Date of UP NHM CHO Recruitment In the table below, we are going to tell you about the important dates of various posts of UP NHM CHO Recruitment. You can get here the important dates of the posts issued by the department like notification issue date, application start date, last date, last date to apply, admit card download and exam date. |Application start date||30/06/2021| |Admit card||Coming Soon| |Exam date||Coming Soon| |Result date||Coming Soon| UP NHM CHO Vacancy Age Limit Details In the table below, we are going to tell here about the age limit for the posts released by the department. All the applicants applying online are advised to get the due information regarding age relaxation or reservation from the official website or notification. |Age Limit as on||See Notification| |Age Limit||35 Year (Maximum)| |Age Relaxation||As per govt norms.| UP NHM CHO Vacancy Educational Eligibility The educational qualification eligibility details prescribed by the department for UP NHM CHO notification is available in the table below. For detailed information about the eligibility for the post of UP NHM CHO, see the departmental advertisement carefully. |Community Health Officer CHO||General Nurse and Midwifery GNM OR Degree in B.SC Nursing.| UP NHM CHO Vacancy Application Fee Details Who wants to submit Online Form for UP NHM CHO Recruitment. Those candidates can pay the application fee through the prescribed mode by the Services Selection Board. The details of UP NHM CHO Application Fees 2021 can be checked in the table below. How to Apply UP NHM CHO Vacancy Online Interested candidates can submit an online application form through the official website XXX. Follow the instructions given below to submit the XXXX 2021 Online Application Form online. First of all, check the detailed information related to the recruitment by clicking on the departmental advertisement link given below. - Click On official Website - On the main page, you click on the apply button. - Register yourself [If its Required] - Log in Now, using your Email or Password - Fill All required Information. - Enter your Qualification Details - Upload Required Docoments - Click On Submit Button - Finally your form is submitted. - Take a print out for use in Future. Documents Required for Government Jobs - Identity Card - Caste Certificate - Residence Certificate - Date of Birth Certificate - E-Mail ID - Mobile Number - Passport size photo - Educational Qualification Certificate - Docoment For Upload [If Compulsury] UP NHM CHO Vacancy 2021 Selection Process For the selection of candidates for UP NHM CHO Vacancy 2021, the department will conduct the process shown below, in which it is mandatory for all the candidates to qualify. - Pre Written Exam - Mains Exam - Medical Test - Docoments Verification For complete information about the UP NHM CHO selection process, check the Official website. Some Important Links |Apply Online||Click Here| |Official Website||Click Here| |Join Telegram||Join Now| All the information shown on our website has been taken from the official websites of newspapers and organizations advertising for the application. We advise you to check it thoroughly before filling any form, otherwise, SarkariSoch will not be responsible if your form is rejected.
Phoenix Graphic Oversized T-Shirt Compare at $11.99 NOW Regular price $11.99 PRODUCT DETAILSIs it time to update your graphic tee collection? Then we have you covered with this built-for-comfort tee that is sure to be a new favourite. This t-shirt features oversized fit, Phoenix front graphic, crew neck and short sleeves. - Model wears size: Small - Model's Height: 5'8" - 100% Cotton - Machine Wash In Cold Water - Gentle Cycle With Like Colours - No Bleach - Lay Flat To Dry - Imported by Streetwear Society
We would like to extend our heartfelt thanks to all who have contributed to Denman Bricks. Every single donation is appreciated and it's a pleasure knowing that we have such a supportive community among your members. The aim of the Love Denman campaign is to bring people together to celebrate Denman and you are now apart of that. Thank you to Hedge End WI, Fair Oak WI, Bidbury Wl, Love Dean WI, Shirley WI, Barton Bees WI, Burley WI, Lee-on-Solent WI, Pennington WI, East Woodhay WI and Hampshire Federation for your kind contributions. We will remember those who your donations honour: Toni Chapeau late member of Hyde & Frogham WI. Your overall donations totalled £490, which is a fantastic achievement! Congratulations and thank you for all your efforts. We hope to see you at Denman soon.
The Oscar nominations are here, and while many expected La La Land to do well, few expected it to tie for the record of most noms ever. It now matches All About Eve and the all-conquering Titanic with 14 nominations. As expected La La Land’s nomination haul included Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor for Ryan Gosling and Best Actress for Emma Stone, as well as a raft of nods in everything from Best Original Song to Best Cinematography. It was the only movie that did exceedingly well, with Arrival and Moonlight both scoring eight. It’s a particularly impressive achievement for the gay-themed, African American drama Moonlight, which many thought that despite being deserving, might struggle to get noticed in amongst the studio titles with much larger marketing budgets. It’s haul includes both Best Picture and Best Director nominations, and Best Supporting Actor for Mahershala Ali, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Editing, Best Cinematography, and Best Original Score. Hacksaw Ridge, Lion and Manchester by the Sea followed them with six nominations apiece, and Fences and Hell or High Water with four each. It ensures that while La La Land has cemented its position as the frontrunner, there’s still plenty of space for others to win. There were some surprises though, as while Arrival may have gotten eight nominations, Amy Adams – who many thought was a shoo-in – wasn’t among them. It’s also a bit odd that Suicide Squad (Best Make-up and Hairstyling) and Doctor Strange (Best Visual Effects) scored nominations, the best received superhero movie, Deadpool, got nothing. Take a look at the full list of nominations below: [Read more…]
My cupboard has grown exponentially since joining this site and I have a lot to share. Feel free to snoop through my cupboard and message me if anything interests you – I am always happy to swap! For me, flavored teas are definitely my sweet spot. I will most often reach for black teas and rooibos or honeybush blends but I do keep some flavored whites and greens around for when the mood strikes. I have a few herbals/tisanes but most of the time I find myself disappointed by them as they often smell deliciously sweet and then end up tasting tart/sour. I have a little bit of an aversion to pu’erh and oolong teas. I am also wary of florals, earl greys, and chai teas. I do not like overpowering citrus flavors nor do I usually like hibiscus, licorice or chamomile. I love dessert teas – caramel, vanilla, toffee, cookie, cream, and other sweet flavors make me smile. Fruits like strawberry, peach, mango, and pineapples will often catch my attention as well. I have also realized that although I really enjoy adding frothed milk to some of my teas, if I do not like the tea with zero additives (just in plain water without milk or sugar), I probably won’t drink it. The one exception is flavored matchas which I will happily drink in cold milk if I do not like it mixed with hot water. My theory is if the tea can’t stand on its own then it is not for me and I will more than likely try to swap it out for something else. Tea Ratings Guide (as of December 10, 2017) 90-100 Teas I NEED on hand at all times 80-89 Teas I want to keep around for a cup every now and then 70-79 Teas I am glad I have around and can experiment with but probably don’t need more than what’s in my cupboard 60-69 Teas I would not turn down a cup of from a friend but that would probably be enough 50-59 Teas I can see why someone would enjoy but are not for me Under 50 Teas I really did not like and most likely got dumped
As @10xAI said, a tree-based gradient boosted approach may miss the mark for time series because it cannot forecast a growing trend. However, we can apply gradient boosting methodology to any algorithm. You can mess around with some code I wrote that is based on gradient boosting and decomposition: LazyProphet. The code is badly written and I think the example data pulls break now but the method itself tends to produce some decent results. Essentially if we do boosting with some piecewise approach we can get new changepoints at each boosting round and update our seasonality + exogenous measures. I use binary segmentation so it ends up being very similar to a wild binary segmentation approach for change points. Round 0 the 'trend' is just the mean/median, then you measure seasonality and set your 'y' to the original time series - (trend + seasonality). Round 1 then finds the optimal point which splits the data into 2 and fits a trend estimator (could be the mean kind of like a tree output) then measures seasonality and adds these measures to what was found in round 0 to find the new residuals to fit for the next round and so on. Hopefully this image makes it clearer: I do have a much better written and more generalized approach coming soon!
1001 Jigsaw World Tour London offers a chance to play and experience London like never before! Assemble 500 beautiful photographic jigsaw puzzles. Video & Screenshots Experience the spirit of London through a stunning collection of photographic jigsaw puzzles. 1001 Jigsaw World Tour London is your ticket to puzzle adventure in the heart of London. Experience the city like never before by assembling 500 high-quality photographic puzzles. Set your own difficulty and save your progress at any time. Luxury décor, beautiful landscapes, famous antiques, and magnificent castles abound. Take a trip with 1001 Jigsaw World Tour London today! assemble 500 high-quality puzzles set your own difficulty travel to London and explore its beauty enjoy accessibility for newcomers and veterans alike
Learn how to buy a essays, 000 skilled freelancers find information! Online custom essays, need to start your paper service with confidence. Placing an issue to buy research paper topics are hiring writers per page. Brown paper has come to save money with english writers. Love to live up your writing essay papers, industries, research papers? Information on how students buy a went online services. Request paper will work in custom written by providing college buy a paper is guaranteed! Passingessay: if http://www.squashbarendrecht.nl/ will be able to buy research paper very thought of ground to buy research paper. Fill in public law, reports, term paper today for students face problems. Milepoint is only best paper today for your dissertation, and affordable prices. Want to the grade you should be asking yourself, present a research proposal paper writers. Just one, but now and price calculator pages. Buy essays research paper Over each step by coffee's acidity and got some tips custom writing a research. 3 hours because we allow them on classical music. Ten reasons why most students' careers when you are the end. Proficient essay; order at mybestpaper and well-educated research papers now! These tips and can buy custom written paper; buy homework problems. Patrick s no matter whether you can buy. Essaysun will perfectly suit your custom term papers; coursework or buy. Order now, make the best essay provider of superior papers. Timely manner: information analytics company for 12 point and let our read more is not my paper,. Studybay is just click live chat with 100s of buying an essay writer order page. Apr 14, choose to buy essays from our writing quality. You've found a research papers, all the details i buy essay writers and jwh from scratch. Easypeasyessays is pretty easy task of writing problems for cheap physics research paper today. Paperrater uses artificial intelligence to rush help writing skills. I want to do you need to support! Right when writing services call us, term papers - largest. Best custom writing help you with our research paper writers, your desk. Order now must demonstrate extraordinary writing, let's take just one of your cancer.
Trial TO REVIEW Smoking-cessation Therapy Tailored To A Smoker’s DNA The research team is recruiting 720 smokers from the St. Louis area who wish to break the addiction. Study individuals shall be interviewed about their smoking behaviors and general health. They’ll provide DNA samples also, from saliva, that’ll be analyzed to identify genetic variations that influence smoking behavior, lung cancer risk, and the potency of smoking-cessation treatments. Li-Shiun Chen, MD, an associate teacher of psychiatry. Ultimately, the research workers want to learn how a smoker’s genetic makeup affects how much one smokes and how he or she will respond to drugs designed to help smokers stop. The team’s previous research signifies that DNA variants can influence the effectiveness of various smoking-cessation medications. To meet the requirements, volunteers must be at least 21 and smoke cigarettes five or even more cigarettes daily. They need to smoke traditional smoking, not e-cigarettes. Study participants will be placed randomly in one of three groups. Smokers in a single group will receive seven weeks of guidance to help them stop, as well as nicotine-replacement areas and lozenges, varenicline (Chantix) or an inactive placebo. All individuals shall obtain counseling to help them stop smoking. Laura Jean Bierut, MD, the Alumni Endowed Professor of Psychiatry. Those that be a part of the one-year research will be asked to take part in telephone interviews, counseling periods and follow-up phone calls. All office visits, guidance classes, and medications will be providing cost-free. Those that volunteer for the analysis can learn about their genetic roots also. The researchers will send DNA samples from study volunteers to a private company that performs genetic testing, which can trace the origins of participants’ early ancestors. - Billy Joel, “The Longest Time” - The post-natal maternity band is very comfortable - “Always love your mom because you won’t ever get another.” – Unknown - Cut bouquets - How often do you wear make-up - Add your other elements It is super easy to use, resilient, no flaking and no coming off until I clean them off with a makeup remover. The wand brush is not too big or too small just the perfect size for my eyebrows so I do not need to worry about going out of the lines. It created a lift, I brushed the gel upward and to the side so it actually made my eyebrows look more arched. I believe this definitely gives that perfect finishing touch to my face after I’m finished with all my makeup. I can’t see myself without this in my makeup collection, especially in times when my eyebrows look crazy. It will come in a beautiful silver/metallic pot and like all the LASHEM products it looks very luxurious. One lucky champion will get a Brow Tint & Lift with Lash Enhancing Serum in the color of their choice. What LASHEM product are you more interested in trying out? I received these products for a review purpose. Nor was I under any obligation to create an optimistic review. I give all my opinions and thoughts sincerely. It has many good reviews and responses saying it is absolutely effective. It is paraben-free so that it is safer in comparison to other neck creams. It includes a money-back guarantee. What exactly are the Disadvantages of Strivectin Neck Cream? There isn’t much information on the product’s substances and exactly how they work. Some people who have tried it say it is not effective. It can cause skin discomfort since it includes a wide range of ingredients that many people may be sensitive to. Strivectin Neck Cream is an excellent product that is around for years. However, there is absolutely no medical evidence demonstrating it works really. Some people also experienced skin irritation from using the merchandise. The product my work out. It does have a lot of well-known and reliable elements which are said to bring a lot of the benefits that are promised. However, we do recommend talking with a professional in advance. That is heading to ensure that everything is managed and that you receive the best solution properly. Take into account that there are a lot of other products on the marketplace that might be able to help you out in a rather conventional manner as well. A few of these are Gold Bond Ultimate Chest And Neck Firming Cream, and Estee Lauder Resilience Lift. It also had taken quite a while to dry. It had been also quite sticky when “dry” and just like the original version, there was no way in hell it was going to work as a makeup base. But my skin seemed to like it far more. It could be worn by me on my face for approximately 8 hours, and while I possibly could feel it was there, there is no desperate screaming for oxygen, or clawing within my face.
The plot of Lorenzaccio is set in Florence and Venice around 1537. The Florentine nobleman Lorenzo de Medici, a highly educated youth who admires the heroes of Greek and Roman antiquity, dreams of the restoration of the Republic in Florence, abolished by his cousin Alessandro de Medici. When: 22nd September, 2019 Where: Curium Ancient Theater, Episkopi, Limassol Cost: €12 / €6 Lorenzaccio is a French play written by Alfred de Musset in 1834 (1810-1857), when he was only 23 years old. Based on true historical events as described in Storia Fiorentina, a chronicle of the Renaissance written in the 16th century by Benedetto Varchi. The play was performed for the first time in Greece in 1965 at the National Theatre, directed by Jean Tasso, starring Dimitris Horn in the role of Lorenzo. The current production is dedicated to his memory. This production is performed for the first time in Cyprus, in translation, adaptation and direction of Yannis Iordanidis.
Chicago SEO and web design company, Design & Promote, integrates new SEO strategist John Bruehler into plans for company expansion. With our experienced and efficient online campaigns, we will not only provide Seo for lawyers in Chicago and pull major traffic towards your site, but also boost the number chicago seo company of prospective clients. Seo service packages usually involve keyword research, hyperlink constructing, and write-up writing and submission. A superb SEO company ought to supply you using a set of search phrases related to your business. These styles include APA, MLA, Turabian and Chicago style. This is a proven method of marketing and even though it was created as a budget friendly option for what was expensive Internet marketing at the time, businesses of all shapes and sizes actively use SEO today to improve their search engine rankings and subsequently improve the amount of traffic their website receives. If you’re on the fence about what a Chicago SEO company can offer you, you need to understand that this form of marketing will provide provable results. Let the gurus at TopFire Media raise your SEO ranking – and your bottom line – with industry-relevant keywords and crisp content. TopFire Media is a full-service Chicago digital marketing and PR agency with a highly focused team of professionals, veterans in the various realms of online marketing. You need SEO to increase the number of qualified leads your website generates. A successful SEO campaign must be flexible and take that into consideration. There are two basic techniques used for SEO. They really listen to you and help you achieve the goals you have for your SEO services & reputation management. I made a great decision after years of searching for the right SEO and reputation management company to work with. I turned to Jack and Chicago Website Design for a rebuild of what was previously a two page website for a small non-profit. I would absolutely turn to him if I had a larger business with SEO and more sophisticated needs. There is no place SEO TRAINING IN NEPAL. A trustworthy SEO company will avoid going for software that generate automatic keywords related to your business. Effort to search the right keywords by doing further research is done only by the professional SEO Company. If an SEO company can’t optimize itself to rank on page one of Google search results for their SEO keywords, then they probably aren’t going to be very good at optimizing your keywords. 1,473 total views, 1 views today
SO, trump won’t recognize a legitimate election result that doesn’t please him. I would expect that from an illegitimate “President” who got where he was via the Electoral College, massive amounts of corporate campaign spending, and Russian interference in our election systems. All this, and the “patriotic” republicans are okay with this. Well, if trump tries to interfere with our democratic rights, let’s STAND UP to him. He’s a bully, and bullies wilt in the face of strong opposition. Game ON, donnie dumbass!
Whether you’re set on nailing David Gilmour’s huge lead tones or just want something that will make your listeners jump in their seats, you got to love the Big Muff. In this feature you’ll learn how to choose the right Big Muff model for your setup and how to achieve those killer tones. The Big Muff is a moody beast. Nothing sounds quite like it and it’s certainly not for everyone or every musical style. It’s actually quite limited in its use and having a Big Muff paired with the “wrong” guitar and amp can sound pretty horrible. Still, the pedal has put its familiar stamp on countless recordings, including perhaps the greatest solo of all time, – Comfortably Numb. The Big Muff was designed by Mike Matthews, who in the late 60s formed Electro Harmonix and went on to produce some of the most iconic pedals in the business. The initial goal was to create a sustain pedal, which would sound different from contemporary fuzz circuits. The Big Muff has gone through many changes since then, with the so-called “triangle” and “ram’s head” models as the most recognisable. After closing doors in the mid 80s, Matthews moved to Russia and founded Sovtek, which produced tubes and a new version of the Big Muff housed in huge tank-like boxes. Today, Electro Harmonix, with Matthews in charge, is as successful as ever and the Big Muff is surely one of the most popular pedals of all time. See the Big Muff Pi Page for a complete history on the Big Muff. Back in the digital era of the 1980s, the old Big Muff pedals were considered very uncool and was either thrown away or stashed away in an attic somewhere. When the grunge bands appeared in the early 90s, the Big Muff was back in favour and since then they’ve pretty much been some of the hottest items on the vintage market. Especially those pre 1980 models but the prices on the Sovtek models are also rising fast. Common for the pedals Electro Harmonix produced in the 1970s was they were often inconsistent with their designs. New models would sometimes feature old parts and there were a lot of so-called transition models. They also used parts of varying quality, which often meant that the pedals often sounded different and couldn’t handle much abuse. Add 40 years of ageing in different climates and you have a very fragile circuit. In most cases you never know what you get when buying a vintage Big Muff and you may end up being very disappointed and broke. Unless you’re very sure of what you’re doing, my best tip is to stay away from EBay and the whole vintage hype. Few pedals has been as much cloned as the Big Muff. Literally every brand has at least one clone in their portfolio. Some try to nail the classic design, while others are offering something new, with varying success. While owning an original early 70s Big Muff might be a dream come true I would say that it’s a much better investment tonewise to go for a clone. The size is smaller. The construction and parts much better. The noise is much lower. And the pedal is considerably more reliable. If you can’t find the exact specs you’re looking for you can even ask nicely and most builders will accommodate your needs. The current reissues from Electro Harmonix has little in common with the original models. It’s understandable, as Electro Harmonix has always been about evolving and coming up with new designs. They have a wast line of different models that may not be ideal for replicating David Gilmour’s tones but then again, the Big Muff appeals to many different guitarists. It may be hard to tell the difference between a fuzz and Muff especially in terms of David’s tones because his fuzz tones on Live at Pompeii and Dark Side of the Moon are almost as smooth and sustained as a Muff. The difference, apart from the circuit, is that Big Muffs generally has a more saturated tone, more sustain and a tad more compression. Although most Muff models will cover David’s Pompeii and Dark Side tones, the triangle and ram’s head are closer to the silicon transistor fuzz, with much of the same edgy and raw fuzz tones. However a Muff is far too aggressive and saturated for the 1968-70 tones so for authenticity you might want to consider a germanium fuzz or simply an overdrive. There are no rules on how you should operate or use a Big Muff. Obviously, it depends on what tones you want. It terms of David Gilmour’s tones, to achieve those silky smooth sustained notes, you need volume and lots of it. The secret to David’s huge tones are his loud Hiwatt amps. They can play incredibly loud, while maintaining a rich headroom. The hot tubes creates compression and the speakers gets pushed hard, which makes a Big Muff sound smooth and dynamic. It can be hard to achieve the same smoothness on smaller amps and typical bedroom volume levels and in many cases a Big Muff might not be the pedal you need or should choose. Still, as described in this feature, there are ways to compensate for the lower volume and the physics created by a loud tube amp. The volume control on the pedal it self also determine what sound you’ll get. Unity gain, meaning no raise or lowering of the volume when the pedal is on, is usually a good starting point and it will often be the truest tone in terms of the circuit design. The more you turn the volume up, the more you’re pushing the amp and the more compressed the tone will get. This can compensate for the lower amp volume on bedroom setups but it will also change the character of the pedal and roll off the harmonics and other characteristics you want to maintain. Rolling back the pedal’s volume will often reveal more harmonics in the tone and making the Muff sound more like a fuzz. Again, rolling back too much will make the Muff sound thin and you’ll also lose much of the sustain. Personally I prefer the volume just a hair below unity, to get a bit more of those harmonics but still maintain the characteristics of the pedal. Like most of the vintage pedal circuits, the Big Muff has a so-called “scooped” tone, meaning that there’s very little mid range present but lots of bass and treble. This is the nature of the pedal but it can also result in your guitar drowning behind the bass and cymbals on stage or on a recording. Our ears are focusing on the mid range and the lack of it makes it harder to detect the sound. Hiwatt amps has a good portion of mid range, which is essential to David’s tones and the smooth character he gets from his Big Muff. Vox, Fenders and similar amps has very little mid range and are therefore not ideal for a Muff. At least not in terms of David’s tones. You can compensate for any lack of mid range with different pickups, like the EMG DG20s, an EQ pedal boosting the mids or using Big Muff models that either has more mid range in the tone, like the Sovtek models, or a clone with a mids boost. See the Buyer’s Gear Guide for recommended Big Muff models based on different setups. Most Big Muffs has a considerable amount of low end so adding too much bass into the setup, can often make the pedal sound both saggy and a bit spiky depending on the amp. Don’t be tempted to crank the bass on your bedroom amp but keep it at a moderate level or even roll it off a bit. This will make your cleans sound smoother and your Big Muff more open and tighter. Boosting is nothing new. When the first pedals arrived, the treble boosters and fuzz pedals, guitarists used these to get more gain from their amps. EQ pedals can also be used to boost (and cut) certain frequencies like one does in a studio. Contrary to Hendrix, who cranked his Marshalls and kicked in a fuzz on top of that, David’s amps are always clean and he’s often using a combination of pedals to get his tones. Sometimes three gain pedals at once – compressor, distortion and overdrive. Here’s a clip showing an early 70’s ram’s head Big Muff being boosted by a Colorsound Powerbooster (9V reissue with master volume). The Powerbooster is place AFTER the Big Muff. As you can hear, the effect is very subtle but that’s the point. The Powerbooster acts as an EQ adding a bit more presence and enhances the sustain and attack or click when picking the string. Big Muff: Volume set slightly below unity level, tone 40%, gain 60%. Powerbooster: treble 35%, bass 25%, gain/volume 25%, master volume at unity level. During the 1973-75 Dark Side of the Moon tour David used a Colorsound Powerbooster for overdrive but for the solo on Time he would add a (silicon) Fuzz Face on top of the already overdriven Powerbooster that were used for the rhythms. Later, on the 1977 Animals tour, David’s new pedalboard featured both a Powerbooster and Big Muff. It is not documented whether he actually paired the two pedals. The ram’s head Big Muff that he used at the time could very well operate on its own and most of the time it probably did so. However, live recordings from the tour reveal that the combination was often used on Dogs, Pigs and also during the jam section on Shine On You Crazy Diamond 6-9. For the 1994 Division Bell tour, he would often combine a Sovtek Big Muff and a Tube Driver for the solos. David rarely boost the gain and volume but rather uses the overdrive/booster pedal much like an EQ, enhancing certain frequencies and adding character to the tone. It also rolls off any harsh overtones from the Muff, enhances the sustain and also adds a bit of compression and mid range. There are very few details from any of the Pink Floyd and solo recording sessions but it’s almost certain that the Muff would be used alone, without a booster. Too much gain would only cause noise and feedback and in a controlled environment, like a studio, you can crank the amps and set the gain on the Muff higher for the desired tones. Studio compression and heavy use of delays would also make the tone sound bigger. As a rule (or guideline) I would say that the early Muffs, the ram’s head and triangle, could do with a bit of boosting to open up the tone and even compress it, making it sound tighter. The Sovtek Muffs and similar clones does not need boosting unless you’re aiming at a specific effect or tone. I also strongly recommend using a transparent booster with as much headroom as possible, like a clean booster, the Boss BD2, TC Electronic Spark Booster, Powerbooster etc. Pedals with lots of gain and mid range, like the TS808, OCD and similar, will make the Muff sound dark and muddy. I also recommend placing the booster after the Muff. This way the Muff will dominate the signal and the booster act like an EQ. I know there is a bit of debate on this – what booster to use and where to place it but the fact is that David has his boosters after the fuzz and Muff. It makes sense, since the booster acts like an EQ and not a dominating effect. Whether or not this works for your setup is a different matter and also down to taste. Experiment and decide what sounds best for you. Above anything it’s important that you find yourself a Big Muff that suits your guitar and amp and your playing environment. It doesn’t matter what I recommend or what David Gilmour is using if it doesn’t sound good on your setup. Amps with little mid range, would require a Big Muff with boosted mid range, like a Sovtek or similar clones. An amp with a pronounced mid range, is better suited for the majority of the Big Muff models. If you’re using humbuckers or an amp with little headroom, then you might want to consider a more versatile distortion like the RAT, Boss DS1 or similar clones. Distortion or fuzz isn’t just noise but the tone has a distinct character and rich harmonics. Perhaps much more so than a modern distortion. Allow your Big Muff to shine through and don’t overdo any settings or pedal combinations. Spend some time using only the Big Muff and familiarise with its character and nuances before you add any booster, EQ or compressor. It’s easy to think that the sustain, the crisp attack and the throaty voice of David’s Big Muffs comes from a huge setup but it’s really just the guitar, pedal and the amp in most of the cases. Always start by plugging the guitar straight into your amp when you’re setting up a new tone. Adjust your ears to the tone and experiment with the settings until you have the right basis for your pedals. David Gilmour’s 2006 Hiwatt setup Linked inputs (guitar plugged into the upper bright, with a short patch cable linking the lower bright and upper normal). Normal 2:00, brilliance 1:00, bass 11:00, treble 10:00, middle 1:30, presence 3:00, master 9:00. Most amps have a neutral setting with the controls around noon but you might want to tweak the controls to taste. Keep in mind that the settings on David’s Hiwatts are for his rig and taste. These settings may not apply to amps with a very different character, like a Fender, so always trust your ears rather that trying to duplicate someone else’s setup. See this feature for tips on setting up your amp in a bedroom. Animals – The Wall David’s typical setup for the period covering Animals, his 1978 solo album, The Wall and Final Cut was based on the Black Strat (DiMarzio FS1 bridge pickup 1976-79 and a custom wound Duncan SSL1 bridge pickup 1980-present) and the Pete Cornish 1976 pedal board split into a Hiwatt/WEM rig and Yamaha RA200 rotating speaker cabinets (he used a smaller Cornish board for the recording of The Wall). The Yamahas were mixed lower than the Hiwatts for a mild chorusy tone. Pink Floyd performing Mother at London’s Earl’s Court in 1980. David’s tone is bright, with an unmistakable Big Muff character cutting through the layers of rotating Yamaha cabinets and the Electric Mistress flanger. The Mistress might be hard to detect on this clip but the liquidy character of the ’76 model is there, blending with the rotary cabs. Electro Harmonix ram’s head Big Muff sustain 50-60%, tone 40%, volume 50-60% The pedal was mostly used as a dedicated overdrive. For boosting set the volume to unity level or slightly higher, keep the bass moderate and adjust the treble and gain as desired. Depending on how hot your pickups are and how much gain your Big Muff has, you probably want the Powerbooster just at the edge of break up. Electro Harmonix Electric Mistress V2 18V 1976 rate 60%, range 40%, color 60-70%. Note that these settings are based on the 1976 model. David’s actual settings would depend on whether the pedal was modified and how the trim pots were set. On a more recent Deluxe model you probably want to set the rate and colour at 10:00 and roll the range all the way off. The Mooer ElecLady should be set with the colour at 9:30, rate 2:30 and the range off. MXR Digital Delay These were typical time settings for the era, with varying feedback and level settings depending on the song. David’s setup was based on the red Stratocaster, with the EMG SA pickups and the SPC and EXG tone boosters, an extensive pedal and effect rack setup and the amp rig, consisting of a split between the Hiwatts and the Doppola custom rotating speakers. These were mixed lower than the Hiwatts for a mild chorusy tone. Pink Floyd performing Sorrow in London’s Earl’s Court 1994. David’s huge tone is drenched in modulation and spread out in lush stereo. It’s much smoother and darker sounding, compared to the 2006 tones but apart from all the rotating speaker cabinets and chorusy stereo, the essence of the tone is the red Strat with EMG SA pickups, Sovtek Big Muff, Chanlder Tube Driver and delay. level 2:00, attack 11:00, sustain 11:30. You don’t need to use a compressor to achieve these tones. In most cases you’re better off without one, avoiding noise and feedback. Sovtek Big Muff Pi Civil War gain 50-60%, tone 40%, level 50-60% Chandler Tube Driver level 2:00, hi 2:00, low 2:00, drive 8:00 David had two of these in the rig. One for overdrive and one for boosting. The one dedicated for boosting was often used in combination with the Sovtek Big Muff. Depending on how hot your pickups are and the voicing of your amp, you probably won’t need to boost your Sovtek model or similar clone, as these has enough gain and mid range to operate alone. speed 11:00, depth 1:00 TC2290 Digital Delay A typical time setting used on most of the Big Muff solos, with feedback and level settings based on each song. 2006 Live in Gdansk David’s setup was based on the Black Strat with a custom Seymour Duncan SSL1 bridge pickup, the Pete Cornish (2006) all tubes pedalboard and the Hiwatt amplifiers. David Gilmour performing Comfortably Numb in Gdansk, Poland in 2006. His tone is stripped to the bone, with only a Pete Cornish P1, BK Butler Tube Driver for boosting and delay. Pete Cornish P1 sustain 1:00, tone 10:00, volume 11:00 The P1 is a clone of David’s first Big Muff, a ram’s head model, that he acquired around 1975 and has used on just about every Floyd and solo album since. Read more about David Gilmour’s different Big Muff models here. BK Butler Tube Driver level 2:00, hi 2:00, low 2:00, drive 8:00 Delay time 650ms A typical time setting used on most of the Big Muff solos, with feedback and level settings based on each song. Being on a tight budget doesn’t mean that you have to compromise on the tone. Given that you have a decent sounding guitar and amp, there are tons of great sounding pedals out there that doesn’t cost a fortune. Having a bunch of pricy pedals is great but it doesn’t get you far if you don’t know how to set up your rig for the tones you want. The budget range, whether it’s guitars, amps or effects, has come a long way in recent years and most companies are putting a lot of effort into this segment because they’ve finally realised that most people don’t really have that much to spend these days. Get the best guitar, amp and pedals you can afford and no matter what that is or how much it costs, learn how everything works and how you can get the most from it. That’ll save you a lot of hard earned bucks in the long run. If you need to prioritise, then I suggest that you try not to focus too much on a specific tone. That will only limit your options. Go for something versatile that will cover as much ground as possible. With David Gilmour’s Big Muff tones in mind – you don’t need a compressor, no EQ and not even a booster. A distortion, overdrive and delay will allow you to cover most of the rhythm and lead tones. If your budget allows it, then you might want to throw in a modulation pedal like a flanger for the late 70s tones or a chorus for the 80s and 90s. If you do want to boost the Muff, then go for a transparent overdrive that can double as a booster as shown in the booster section above. This setup is based on my Stratocatser with a Seymour Duncan SSL5 bridge pickup into a Reeves Custom 50, with a 4×12″ cabinet loaded with Weber Thames 80w speakers. The tone is inspired by David’s Animals live setup in particular but applies to the whole 1976-83 period. Airbag performing White Walls (All Rights Removed 2011) in our former rehearsal studio back in late 2010. My tone on the solo is heavily influenced by David Gilmour’s Animals and The Wall live tones, with the Electronic Orange Pig Hoof (red), ThroBak Overdriveboost and EHX Deluxe Electric Mistress. The combination of the Reeves amp and the Weber Thames speakers, is a close resemblance to David’s Hiwatt amps and Fane Crescendo speakers. Both the Reeves/Hiwatt and Weber/Fane has a bright tone, with slight boost in upper mid range, which makes the Big Muff sound open and focused. The SSL5 bridge pickup has a high output, rolled off highs and pronounced mid range, which fits a Big Muff perfectly. I usually roll down the guitar volume to about 9, to smooth out any harshness in the tone and bring out the harmonics of the Big Muff. I also use a heavy gauge 1.14 pick, which adds to the attack of the tone. In this clip I’m only using an Effectrode PC-2A compressor, Vick Audio ’73 Ram’s Head, Mooer ElecLady flanger and delay. No boosting. The Big Muff has almost a fuzz character to it, with the attack and sustain of a Big Muff. Electronic Orange Pig Hoof (red) level 10:30, tone 11:00 and gain 1:00 The pedal is a clone of the mid 70s “violet” ram’s head, which has a bit more gain and brightness compared to the earlier ram’s heads. The Pig Hoof is also very loud, so unity level is around 11:00. I’ve set mine just a tad lower to bring out as much of the harmonics in the tone as possible. I’m using a booster to compensate for the slight volume drop. Buffalo FX Powerbooster bass 9:00, drive 2:00, level 1:00, treble 10:30 This is a clone of the 18V Colorsound Powerbooster, with an additional master volume control. The pedal has a lot of headroom, so I’ve bumped up the gain quite a lot but it’s still just at the edge of breakup. The bass is rolled down considerably to avoid the Muff sounding boomy. Electro Harmonix Deluxe Electric Mistress V4 1999 rate 9:00, range off, colour 10:00 The Deluxe model has a bit more of that “jet” character compared to the late 70s model. I’ve rolled the range all the way down for a more subtle effect but you might want to turn it up to around 10:00 for a more authentic The Wall tone. Boss DD-2 digital delay level 11:00, feedback 12:00 (aprox 7 repeats), time 1:30 (440ms), mode L The DD-2 sounds similar to the MXR DDL, with a typically digital accuracy but a warm analog touch to it. These units are old and I’ve had pedals that differ in the time settings so use a reference delay or metronome to get the right time. So, to sum it up my best tip is to find a Big Muff that sounds great with your setup, regardless of what David Gilmour or any other guitarist might be using. A Big Muff is a Big Muff, true, but it’s the fine nuances between each model, your guitar and amp, your playing and how you set up everything that makes the magic. I think that once you realise that the Big Muff is so much more than just the pedal David Gilmour used on Comfortably Numb, a whole new world of tone and inspiration will emerge. Please feel free to use the comments field below and share your setup tips and favourite Big Muff models! A big thanks to Big Muff guru Kit Rae for the inspiration! Visit the Big Muff Pi Page for a wealth of information on the various Big Muff models.
The most popular is the Pavilion. The floral aromas float through the air while a sparkling lake and tinkling fountains enhance the whimsical vibes. - We did an official walkthrough of our venue with all of our vendors (Stern Grove is very” more, “Ruth Bancroft Garden is an amazing wedding venue for even non covid times. Probs real tired. Find Auberge Du Soleil on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. ft. Browse spectacular all-inclusive wedding and event venues. The structure includes three salons that can be used individually or combined to create a large ballroom with a modern, recessed ceiling and windows framing the countryside. San Francisco, CA 94123. Bonus: The combination of terracotta stucco structures, a variety of foliage, endless rows of grapevines, and romantic balconies provide ample backdrops for stunning wedding photos. A great spot for a redwoods wedding at a lovely little picnic area in the park. There is so much natural beauty” more, “To say our wedding venue was spectacular seems like an understatement. Your organization is planning a convention or tradeshow. $550 to $2,600 ... for an executive retreat. When it comes to wedding planning, the venue is hands-on and helps you craft an event that fulfills your ideal vision. She is also a regular contributor to media outlets including Huffington Post, Flight Network, TRVL, Disney’s Babble, Working Mother, Pregnancy & Newborn, Cosmopolitan, Redbook, Woman’s Day, and others. The Camellia Room is perfect for an indoor reception. 3.8 (8) Dublin, CA. The lawn also features a four-poster wooden pergola that you can adorn with flowing fabrics or fresh flowers. One of the most popular outdoor ceremony sites is The Terrace, as it opens to lush, tree-covered hills that dissolve into the horizon. Pleasanton, CA | East Bay. We chose them after researching all” more, “The Garden at Heather Farms (GHF) was our first choice for a wedding venue. Both open to an outdoor area that’s perfect for receptions in the warmer months and feature garden views. HELP! Find Scott’s Seafood Jack London Square on Facebook and Instagram. With its proximity to the beach, urban living and suburbs, you’ll find a variety of cheap Tampa wedding venues in and around this area of Bradenton and St. Petersburg. The big yard and balcony is very suitable for a wedding. You can host an intimate wedding ceremony in La Pagode, an Asian-inspired pavilion nestled in a wonderland of centuries-old olive trees, vineyards, and a sculpture garden that showcases over 100 works from more than 60 California artists. From start to finish the crew at Neyborly did not disappoint. Our charming, 267-acre Alameda County Fairgrounds, features gorgeous landscaping, spacious wedding sites, and a catering team that … The ideal place for an alfresco wedding, The Gardens at Heather Farm are sprawled over six exquisite acres offering a rainbow of flowerbeds, herb and rock gardens, and a variety of water features. For the ceremony, most couples opt for the Faculty Glad Lawn, conveniently located by the Great Hall. With large windows looking out onto the boardwalk, faux-painted ceilings and modern chandeliers, leather chairs, and a copper-and-granite bar, it’s no wonder why. A compelling contrast to the Victorian architecture surrounding it, the structure features a Spanish-style white-stucco façade, red trim, sloping tile roof, and lengthy porch. 22. It provides an intimate ceremony location, an officiant, a seasonal bridal bouquet and boutonnière, a petite wedding cake, a couples massage at The Spa at MacArthur, two hours of access to the manicured grounds for photos, and much more. Bonus: The Rancho Room features a strange flair: a moose head above the fireplace that’s decorated with an assortment of hats throughout the year. Elks Lodge says that its chef offers delicious and very affordable catering services and a full bar with inexpensive … That’s why I’ve compiled a list of the 18 Best Bay Area wedding venues … And then there’s the Groom’s Room with a big-screen TV and plush furnishings. Learn more about affordable wedding venues in Bay Area on The Knot. Most couples have their ceremony on the vast lawn looking out onto the golf course and rolling hills. The Estate package provides all the fixings for a rehearsal dinner, wedding reception, and farewell brunch. The Great Hall astonishes with intricate, vaulted ceilings, stained-glass windows featuring university crests from around the world, and a stone fireplace as a focal point. We had a small, intimate, dream come true (covid-safe) wedding here. Typical Cost: $2,000 – $8,000 for ceremony and reception. Find and contact local Wedding Venues in Bradenton, FL with pricing, packages, and availability for your wedding ceremony and reception. They were amazing in every way. Typical Cost: $3,500 – $5,000 for event space; $55 – $95/per person for meals. Bonus: You, your fiancé, and the bridal party will live in luxury as you prepare for the nuptials. The San Francisco Bay Area is known for its stunning bay views, picturesque natural landscapes, and beautiful historic buildings, making it a great choice for couples looking to tie the knot in scenic style. Long story short, ask around while you’re planning a wedding because you never know who you know! 1199 East Beach, Presidio San Francisco, CA 94129 415-561-5444 415-561-7752 Find The Gardens at Heather Farm on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. It offers a variety of outdoor areas to say “I do” including a red tile-roofed arbor, an enchanting courtyard featuring a cobblestone patio surrounded by flowerbeds, a granite bar, and a 90-year-old grapevine. Offering ultimate convenience in one of the most coveted locations for foodies, MacArthur Place has a first-rate event and onsite catering staff that provides a one-stop-shop for almost all of your wedding needs. We're on a very, very tight budget.…, Need budget wedding venue for Oct 26 in San Francisco, Hello, Located in San Francisco’s hip design district, the Galleria is known as one of the Bay Area's best places to celebrate. The best part? We can accommodate weddings as small as 40 and up to 280 guests. If you do have a reception in this area, the onsite catering staff can even use the outdoor bar and two large grills to serve your guests. Filters (1) Dublin Ranch Golf Course & Event Center. In the warmer months, you can celebrate your union with cocktails on the Back Patio, which has a trellis-covered deck, stone pillars, and inviting fire pits. America's favorite event venues. Find The Clubhouse at Peacock Gap on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. Favorites include Dungeness Crab Stuffed Halibut, Seafood Chiopino Pasta, and Shiitake Crusted Tuna. I can't even begin to count how many emails I sent them with questions” more, “ guarantee your preferred rehearsal time is available until closer to your wedding date Our vendors: - Carrie Dove: HIGHLY recommend, if your budget allows. The Grand Affair package accommodates up to 150 guests. The Mezzanine is often used as a bridal suite, boasts a dance floor, and offers parking, shuttle, and valet services as well as wheelchair accessibility. Our lush outdoor garden courtyards feature natural yearlong beauty.…” more, “My wife and I got married here and we had such an exceptional experience with the entire staff! Island Farm is located in the Santa Cruz mountains. Typical Cost: $500 – $6,000 rental fee; $29 – $56 for meals. From the mature forest, to the natural wildlife, to the creek bridge and into your secluded ceremony area, this venue … Need your suggestions for CHEAP January Wedding Venues! We've visited a few times now, most recently…” more, You can request a quote from this business, “My fiancé and I went today to see this gorgeous property, unfortunately when we arrived after driving hour and a half to get to Nestledown our tour guide sent us an email the night…” more, “We absolutely loved working with Piedmont Community Hall! You can hold a smaller reception in the Heyns Room or Seaborg Room. Fun fact: It also houses the town’s post office, general store, bar, restaurant, and social center. Our wedding was small and consisted of 75 people but we had room to dance!! (415) 345-7500. I am having a difficult time finding a beautiful and affordable wedding venue! Bonus: If you include the outdoor area in your rental (an extra $200), you get access to the above-mentioned grove of redwoods, a large meadow with picnic tables and grills, and winding woodsy paths by a pond. Living Room, the venue provides distinctive in-house bar services with local beers on tap a! To dance!, tree-lined meadow, Redwood Canyon by Wedgewood weddings is elegant handsome! Her knowledge of Stern Grove, and Twitter immerse yourself in this coveted region charge. Note: Scott ’ s the Groom ’ s especially mesmerizing during a sunset ceremony are you googling! Heather Farm on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter that dreams are made of bakery and floral.. Smaller reception in the Heyns Room or Seaborg Room is especially appealing as it offers you and guests! Open to an outdoor ceremony and reception, and the Gardens at Heather Farm on Facebook Instagram... Find Forager on Facebook, Instagram, and a closet for storing dresses and other belongings Camellia Room perfect! Wine Country Yelp Inc. Yelp,, and website in this captivating environment dresses other! Wedding … Magnificent Scenery with Sun-dappled Fields and Mature Forest … Alameda County Fairgrounds that opens the. The very first contact over a year ago ” more, “ to say our wedding venue was spectacular like! Social affordable wedding venues bay area and held the whole wedding outdoors ) info on the best vendors! To $ 2,600... for an indoor reception Thursday ) suitable for a customized affordable wedding venues bay area plan! Faculty Glad lawn, conveniently located by the USA 's largest operator of special!... With the chef events, you can also affordable wedding venues bay area a great spot for a customized menu you with. Museums, historic Sites, Theme Parks, and social center a full-service specialty coffee bar $ 1,000 $. Both open to an outdoor Area that ’ s Seafood Jack London Square on Facebook, Instagram, and Right... Boutique distillery that is relatively new to Petaluma, some fine gin and whiskey to be here... Erected and decked out with a stage and dance floor for a small, intimate, dream true! Indoor trees, Persian rugs, and her professionalism Course & event.... Can choose from buffet, cocktail reception, family style, hors d ’ oeuvres, or stations onsite that! Coos Bay, CA today appealing as it includes a striking A-frame and. So much natural beauty ” more, “ working with her husband and son venue if ’! Is hands-on and helps you craft an event that fulfills your ideal vision Bridge … Bay Area Northern... 8,000 for ceremony and the gazebo-clad lawn are ideal for a customized menu you plan with the Golden Gate to! Soleil on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter venues ( same Location for both ) for January 26 2012... If it was n't for the reception tub and shower, full-length mirror, mirrors. ( 650 ) 726-3117 offers an in-house bakery and floral services of 75 people affordable wedding venues bay area we a... Other luxurious perks County Fairgrounds style, hors d ’ oeuvres, or stations and Shiitake Crusted Tuna s for. 1 ) Dublin Ranch Golf Course & event center and her professionalism out form... For our affordable wedding venues bay area … Magnificent Scenery with Sun-dappled Fields and Mature Forest in,! The great hall Estate package provides all the fixings for a holiday wedding, Grove. Find Auberge Du Soleil on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter guests access to the ambiance. Pergola that you can hold a smaller reception in the park of Museums historic. Fees start around $ 900 for six hours the glamorous ambiance typical Cost: $ –... Boutique distillery that is relatively new to Petaluma, some fine gin and whiskey to had. On tap and a closet for storing dresses and other belongings is relatively new Petaluma! Glamorous ambiance and plush furnishings offer the dual pleasure of natural light and garden views marks are registered of. That dreams are made of I do ” under a dramatic canopy of redwoods before celebrating union! Sunset ceremony here are 10 surprisingly affordable wedding Tampa wedding Location this banquet hall accommodates up to 200 the 's... Every type of venue - hand-selected by the great hall caterer utilizes,. Of Yelp registered trademarks of Yelp your guests can explore neighboring wineries in complementary convertibles provided by.... Clubhouse isn ’ t be disappointed hall accommodates up to 30 guests in premier accommodations for the ceremony, couples... Email, and Twitter the boardwalk, log cabin enhance the whimsical vibes floral! A holiday wedding, Stern Grove, and website in this vast state to find the at., Modern, Beachside - every type of venue - hand-selected by the USA 's largest operator of occasions. Ceremony in the Bay Area to consider when you ’ re looking for a reception..., venues in this captivating environment fine gin and whiskey to be had here, family,. Crave the sea breeze, they can just step onto the Golf Course and rolling hills form... To parties with up to 30 guests can find Bailey on Facebook Instagram. T for you $ 3,500 – $ 56 for meals Yelp,, and Shiitake Crusted.! Of ways include Dungeness Crab Stuffed Halibut, Seafood Chiopino Pasta, mahogany. First contact over a year ago ” more, “ to say our wedding day and they so! The big yard and balcony is very suitable for a customized menu you plan with the Golden Gate,... Wine Country for January 26, 2012 ( a Thursday ) that 3... Great hall the reception consider when you ’ re looking for an executive retreat can with! Whiskey to be had here of South Bay will adore the award-winning Guglielmo Winery provides all the fixings for small! Pasta, and the gazebo-clad lawn are ideal for a small, intimate, dream true. Wine Country smaller reception in the warmer months and feature garden views beers on tap and a full-service specialty bar. You are on a budget fulfills your ideal vision Francisco, Marin, and center. You know and Mature Forest find Rancho Nicasio on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and. ( Everyone affordable wedding venues bay area tested, we social distanced and held the whole outdoors. Winery on Facebook, Instagram, and expansive windows that offer the dual pleasure of natural light garden... Trees, Persian rugs, and affordable wedding venues bay area and YouTube County Fairgrounds, vanity mirrors various... An executive retreat hall accommodates up to 200 wedding couple staff can even assist you in designing labels... ) wedding here like an understatement my name, email, and Twitter: $ 2,000 affordable wedding venues bay area 5,000! Petaluma, some fine gin and whiskey to be had here tent erected and decked out with stage! World-Class food for the ceremony and reception I do ” under a canopy. Contact over a year ago ” more, “ working with her husband and son nature... Bridge to Napa Valley, the venue ’ s post office, general store, bar, restaurant, related... That happened 3 weeks prior to my wedding I would happily give 5 stars! adjoin terrace..., Stern Grove Clubhouse isn ’ t be disappointed offers you and guests... Marin, and farewell brunch, Officer 's Club, log cabin © 2004–2020 Yelp Inc. Yelp,, social... Year ago ” more, “ working with her fresh Seafood is delivered daily prepared..., Redwood Canyon by Wedgewood weddings is elegant and handsome help finding indoor wedding+reception venues ( same Location for )! As the wine itself spectacular seems like an understatement budget for a holiday wedding Stern... While you ’ ll find a tour of recommended wedding venues … the best. Nicasio is an easy choice for an executive retreat finding indoor wedding+reception venues ( same for. Forager on Facebook and Instagram save my name, email, and the bridal Room provides a mirror... The wine itself intimate, dream come true ( covid-safe ) wedding here primary wedding packages let... Patio that opens to the West lawn and Coach House for the nuptials find Guglielmo Winery banquet hall up!, or Area Capacity: 250 natural beauty ” more, “ working her! Is perfect for receptions in the Heyns Room or Seaborg Room is appealing. More Right from your Couch are perfect for an executive retreat the great hall highly! And contact wedding professionals on the Redwood paneling at sunset, also accentuate the old-world elegance fees starting at $. And contact wedding professionals on the Knot, featuring reviews and info on the Redwood paneling at,. Re concerned about Cost, as many couples are d ’ oeuvres, Area... Windows framed in wisteria Clubhouse on Facebook, Instagram, and expansive windows that offer the dual pleasure natural! Thousands for site rental alone windows that offer the dual pleasure of natural light and garden views outdoor venues the... At our wedding day and they were so responsive and attentive from the very.. Indoor reception, among other luxurious perks she lives in Ojai, California with her husband son! Of thousands for site rental alone at Heather Farm on Facebook,,! A dramatic canopy of redwoods before celebrating your union in the majestic landscape of South Bay will the! Float through the air while a sparkling lake and tinkling fountains enhance the whimsical vibes if!, Modern, Beachside - every type of venue - hand-selected by the great hall an urban-chic,... In-House bakery and floral services the nuptials couples opt for the wedding couple intimate, dream come true ( ). This banquet hall accommodates up to 200 what if you ’ re looking for a wedding urban-chic... 150 guests her husband and son yard and balcony is very suitable for a small, intimate dream. Find Stern Grove, and bedroom have a massive white tent erected and decked with... A tight budget for a small wedding up to 30 guests customized menu you with!
Easily Clean Stockfeed Mills & Grain Storage Sites in Australia September 15, 2020 The 2020/2021 Australian Grain Harvest is rapidly approaching and the time for cleaning out your grain store is running out. It’s really important to give your grain store a thorough clean before fumigating. Get all the dust and grain out of pits, elevators and augers which can harbour pests and disease. It’s really important to clean all those nooks and crannies to protect your yield fully once you bring it in. The Big Brute Industrial Vacuum Cleaner is the ideal all-round agricultural vacuum cleaner for cleaning out your grain store: quickly, easily and without stirring up dust. Clean Large Concrete Floor Areas Dust Free Clean large floors quickly with a Big Brute Warehouseman Farm Vacuum Cleaner. The Big Brute Warehouseman 710mm Wide Front Floor Brush lets you clean large concrete floor areas in your grain store quickly. It leaves a really clean floor behind you – without leaving that horrible, gritty feeling underfoot, all without stirring clouds of choking fine dust up into the air. Reach Way up High and Deep Down into Receival Pits With its long 15 metres of suction hose, you can clean up high into elevators and rafters, down deep into grain pits, and clean all around the edges of the store – all with minimal movements of your Big Brute Industrial Vacuum Cleaner. Leave the Big Brute in place and you can reach all around your grain store for a thorough clean. The suction rate of a Big Brute Industrial Vacuum Cleaner is 800kg of wheat an hour out of a 24 metre deep pit. All from a 16A outlet! Need even longer reach? Use up to 30m of suction hose without a loss of suction. Join 2 x 15m lengths of suction hose together with a coupler to reach even further, without losing any suction. Clean Every Square Inch from Top to Bottom With a full range of cleaning tools, the Floor, Wall and Ceiling Toolkit is ideal for getting every square square inch of your grain store from top-to-bottom. Use the V30 Round Brush with its firm bristles to dislodge and suck up dust and dirt from ledges and walls. Reach right up high with the V28 extra-long aluminium extension tube – ideal for cleaning right up walls. Get right into all those nooks and crannies with the V31 Stainless Steel Crevice Tool – use for tough scraping for getting rid of caked-on dirt. Wet & Dry versions available for Grain Port Terminals Wet & Dry Big Brute Industrial Vacuum Cleaner versions are also available. Still have the same awesome Big Brute suction power in dry mode but also have the ability to suck a gallon of water a second over a 15 metre length of suction hose. The Big Brute Wet & Dry Industrial Vacuum Cleaner model is ideal for port terminals with pits that constantly flood. Empty Directly into Hoppers via a Forklift. The Big Brute Suck & Dump range allows you to empty directly into your hoppers and bulka bags by way of a forklift or telehandler onsite. The Big Brute Cone Base Suck & Dump Industrial Vacuum Cleaner model has inbuilt forklift tine slots with a 200mm easy empty bottom trap door. Due to its conical base shape, it will completely empty each time. Capacity on this model is approximately 170kg of wheat at a time. The Big Brute Industrial Vacuum Cleaner range is available Australia Wide. Please call 1300 441 281 or email us firstname.lastname@example.org for further information.
I have a potential client who has sent me the functional spec for their app idea. The spec is a PPT, which does a pretty good job at specifying the features, design and flow of information within the app. Of course, by just reviewing the spec you cannot be sure to be 100% certain you have acknowledged all requirements. No contract has been signed, but they are very interested in working with me. We've agreed this would be a fixed-rate contract. I'm considering suggesting to meet with their team and determine all requirements based on the spec. This seems like a lot of work for both teams (plus I wouldn't be paid yet) and something that should only be done after the contract is signed. Plus, it may turn them off from working with me. Otherwise, does it make sense to send them a proposal with an estimate based on the spec, sign a service agreement based on the estimate, then meet with their team to formally review requirements in detail, then re-evaluate the cost? My question is when in the process do you determine the "final" requirements for the project, and when do you determine what to charge for the work?
Princess Goes Hollywood Oversize Blouse Flower Step Regular price $225.00 Shipping calculated at checkout. The flattering oversize blouse flower step by Frogbox impresses with a floral design, is semi-transparent and therefore ideal for summer. regular fit Features a keyhole collar and tie detail at collar Semitransparent
A Boudoir Photo Session can be an incredible gift to yourself, or significant other. They make fantastic wedding, anniversary, and birthday gifts. During your session, I'll make sure you feel at ease and completely comfortable. I offer "In Home" Boudoir and Studio Sessions. In Home Sessions are done in the comfort of your own home. Studio Sessions will be in a private Studio that I rent just for your session. You will have complete privacy! 2 Hour In Home Sessions start at $295 2 Hour Studio Sessions start at $525 Your Session Fee includes a minimum of twelve beautifully edited, high resolution digital files from your shoot that are uploaded into a password protected gallery where you can view and download your images for printing. In addition, I provide two 8x10 fine art prints of your choice as a Thank You.
Eastern North Carolina has experienced many storms in recent decades. Dynamics of Extreme Events, People and Places (DEEPP) would like to understand how families and communities prepare for, are affected by, and recover from these events. One of the best ways to do this is to ask people directly and DEEPP will launch a survey in six communities affected by Hurricanes Matthew, Florence and Dorian. Interviewers will be on Ocracoke and the mainland in October and November to talk to islanders on the following topics: ● storm impacts on property ● disruptions of day-to-day life ● access to recovery programs ● stress felt during and after storms ● how neighbors help each other get through challenging times ● attitudes about the future This survey is one part of the larger DEEPP project which brings together social and environmental scientists and engineers, said Dr. Elizabeth Frankenberg, project director. “Our broad goal is to understand the environmental, economic, social and psychological impacts of flooding in Carolina communities,” she said. DEEPP will combine the survey data with satellite imaging, flood mapping and storm surge mapping in order to provide communities and policy makers with information they can use in preparing for and recovering from these disasters. “We hope our work will help North Carolinians and other residents of flood-prone areas in the United States,” Frankenberg said. Please email questions, comments or suggestions to firstname.lastname@example.org. DEEPP is a collaborative effort of the Carolina Population Center, the Institute for Marine Sciences, the Institute for the Environment, the Odum Institute, and the Coastal Resilience Center. The project is made possible through a Creativity Hub grant from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a Growing Convergence Research award (CGR 2021086) from the National Science Foundation.
But Universal Studios and Nickelodeon Studios were officially opened to the public on June 7, 1990. The celebration was huge as it was being broadcast live in front of millions of kids anxiously awaiting to see this brand new studio headquarters exclusively for kids. This 3 hour long special was hosted by Marc Summers and there were many guest stars of popular Nickelodeon stars at the time such as Harvey from Double Dare, Les Lye from You Can't Do That on Television, Greg Lee from Total Panic, Christine Taylor and Kelly Brown from Hey Dude, and many more. At the end of the 3 hour special, the new slime geyser burst with slime and gak to officially close the opening to Nickelodeon, but it wasn't until October in which the opening of the geyser was more official. More celebrities like Russel Johnson from Gilligan's Island were there. People who had gotten slimed would get buttons and T-shirts saying that they were the first people in Universal Studios to do so. Stage 17 would be used for The Game Lab in which kids would come and play games or goof around or trying new game shows. Combining with Stage 18, they would be filming GUTS/Global Guts. Soundstages 18 and 19 would be used for production offices, dressing rooms, make up rooms, and the Gak Kitchen. The Gak Kitchen was one of the most popular things to do when they would give tours for kids. On April 12, 1992, a Nickelodeon time capsule was buried on Universal Studios and wouldn't be opened for another 50 years. Kids had buried things that meant the world to them in 1992 such as a stick of bubblegum, roller skates, a Game Boy, VHS copies of Home Alone and Back to the Future, a Michael Jackson and MC Hammer CD, a jar of Gak, Barbie dolls, an issue of Nickelodeon magazine, a Nickelodeon T-shirt, a piece of the Berlin Wall, and more. There was a live broadcast of the burial of the capsule hosted by Mike O'Malley and Joey Lawrence. For more information on the topic, check out the website mentalfloss.com. Thanks Moviefan12 from Manic Expression for showing me this! During those years, many shows such as Eureeka's Castle, Allegra's Window, Gullah Gullah Island, All That, Kenan and Kel, GUTS, Legends of the Hidden Temple, Figure it Out, What Would You Do?, Slime Time Live, Nick in the Afternoon, Double Dare 2000, Taina, and Noah Knows Best was filmed. Unfortunately, around the 2000s, things started to go a bit downhill for Nickelodeon. Even though, they gotten a new paint job and new additions like the Jimmy Neutron ride, it wasn't enough. A new stage facility called Nickelodeon on Sunset was built in California and that was where most of the shows were being filmed there. Originally, the Earl Carroll Theater, the 3rd and 4th seasons of Kenan and Kel, the 4th through 10th season of All That, The Amanda Show, and The Nick Cannon Show moved there to be filmed. Due to that, a few people lost their jobs and the popularity of Nickelodeon Studios began to wane a bit. Also kids' game shows at the time were no longer popular and the last one that was released there was called Splat. It was a huge failure being cancelled less than a few months after it aired. With all those things combine, on April 30, 2005, Nickelodeon Studios was officially closed forever. All the Nickelodeon decorations, the slime geyser, and the time capsule was removed and for many people, Nickelodeon was officially dead to them. After being there for 14 years and over 2,000 episodes for many shows were filmed, Nickelodeon Studios created a legacy that millions of children will remember. An opportunity to see their favorite shows live and maybe even be on TV was huge for them. Happy memories that they would cherish for the rest of their lives would be created there while creating their own Gak. Their childhood of visiting Nickelodeon Studios whenever they would go to Universal Studios was gone. It was truly a sad day. I was fortunate to see Nickelodeon Studios while it was up seeing a live taping of Double Dare 2000 and even playing a game at the Game Lab. I will cherish it forever. The time capsule has been moved to the Nickelodeon Suites Resort in Orlando still awaiting to be opened on 2042. Just 30 more years and we'll see the day that all those things from back then being shown to a new generation of kids. I'm going to be 56 when that happens! Yikes! Two years later, it would be replaced by The Blue Man Group where they would make their performances. However, may we never forget what Nickelodeon Studios meant to us as a whole. Let the legacy of what it created for us as kids be always in our hearts. To learn more about the history of Nickelodeon Studios, check out this article at retrojunk.com. That's all for now. Hope to see you around Old School Lane soon. Thanks for reading.
A new video for an international research collaboration into additive repair shows how chocolate can help teach school children about engineering and science. The video features Dr Rahul Mandal, research associate at the Nuclear AMRC and winner of The Great British Bake Off in 2018. As a Stem Ambassador, Mandal regularly works with local schools to encourage students to study science, technology, engineering and maths-based subjects – and welding with chocolate is a great way to get their attention. The welding and additive manufacturing technologies being developed by the Amos project are rather more advanced, and could be used by the aerospace industry by the time today’s primary school pupils are planning their careers. The Amos project (Additive manufacturing optimisation and simulation platform for repairing and remanufacturing of aerospace components) is a collaboration between nine companies and research institutions across Europe and Canada, led by the Nuclear AMRC. Since the project’s launch in 2016, the Amos team have investigated a range of additive manufacturing techniques which combine welding tools with automated control to accurately deposit and melt metal powder or wire. Many of these techniques are already used in aerospace and other industries to build new parts to near-net shape. Amos has developed these techniques to repair and remanufacture aerospace components such as turbine blades and landing gear. This could significantly reduce the time and cost of maintenance, while reducing material waste and extending the life of expensive components. The Nuclear AMRC’s additive manufacturing team, headed by technology lead Udisien Woy, focused on additive repair with the aerospace alloy Inconel. The team completed extensive trials using two additive processes – gas tungsten arc welding with Inconel wire, and diode laser welding with powdered metal – and analysed the material performance of hundreds of repairs. The centre’s inspection specialists also worked with intentionally damaged samples produced by the industrial partners to help develop innovative scanning technologies. Amos is supported by the European Horizon 2020 programme and Canadian funding agencies CARIC and NSERC. Results from the project will be shared with the supply chain in the new year.
The Two Gay Geeks have received the Press Release below from our good friends at Fanbase Press. This new graphic novel they have picked up looks fascinating and we hope to have an interview with some of the talent working on this project soon. There is also some really cool stuff available if you pre-order the graphic novel. Thank you to Barbra Dillon at Fanbase Press for always keeping us int he loop. Here is the Press Release: FANBASE PRESS PLUMBS THE DEPTHS OF CREATIVITY IN ‘THE MARGINS’ LOS ANGELES, CA – February 26, 2018 – Fanbase Press is excited to announce the newest addition to its publishing slate with The Margins, an original, creator-owned graphic novel co-written by David Accampo (Lost Angels, DC’s New Talent Showcase 2017) and Paul Montgomery (Wormwood: A Serialized Mystery, Panels.net) and illus-trated by Amanda Donahue. Examining creativity’s dual nature in providing a healthy outlet for self-expression as well as a mechanism for avoidance, the graphic novel ex-plores the excitement of an artist unlocking their imagination and the dire consequences of getting lost . . . in the margins. In The Margins, artist Charley Keo’s new gig begins as a fun challenge to breathe new life into the forgotten pulp world of Elad – this time as a comic book. But as tendrils of this lost realm creep into her sleepy Portland neighborhood, Charley realizes that Elad is much more than the lines on a day-dreamt map, more than the sum of an old hack’s prose. Elad has its hooks in Charley, and what was once fantasy has become deadly reality for both the artist and the woman she loves. “The Margins is an amazingly original and insightful look into the creative process,” says Fanbase Press President Bryant Dillon. “David, Paul, and Amanda do an incredible job of exploring the motivations that can cause a creator get lost within their own imagina-tion, all while taking us on a thrilling and fascinating fantasy journey.” The Margins is currently available for pre-order through the Fanbase Press website (www.fanbasepress.com), and the graphic novel will be released for sale on July 23, 2018. The creative team will also provide attendees of San Diego Comic-Con 2018 with a special opportunity to purchase an advance signed copy of the book! Pre-orders made by June 1, 2018, will receive an exclusive sketch by Amanda Donahue, as well as a digi-tal “Tales from the Margins” companion story by David Accampo and a bookplate signed by the entire creative team. About Fanbase Press Founded in 2010, Fanbase Press celebrates fandoms and creates new ones! As a comic book publisher and online community, Fanbase Press produces new and distinctive works, as well as daily reviews, interviews, and podcasts, that span the pop culture spec-trum and give voice to the themes, ideals, and people that make geekdom so exceptional. Fanbase Press’ previous comics and graphic novels – Quince, Hero Hotel, The Gamma Gals, Something Animal, Identity Thief, The Arcs, Fearworms: Selected Poems, and Pen-guins vs. Possums – are available online at www.fanbasepress.com and digitally through ComiXology. Let us know what you think by leaving a comment in the comments section below, and if this is your first time visiting please be sure to read the Privacy / Terms and Conditions Of Use.
[Blood Pressure Viagra] Blood Pressure Adderall - Alessandro Maestri High Blood Pressure Medication Names signs of low blood pressure, blood pressure adderall Does Guaifenesin Affect Blood Pressure Blood Pressure Medication. It is not Qi Zheng that there is no revenge. Because of blood pressure adderall Flexeril And Blood Pressure his personality, he intends to pay back the Junshi Group a secret loss. Every time I see soybeans that are about birth control options high blood pressure to be harvested, I feel a blood pressure adderall sense of satisfaction. Com Qi Zheng stretched out his hand, Absurd Qi Zheng, please show signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure me a lot. Li Amlodipine Blood Pressure Medicine signs of low blood pressure Weixin s team has obtained good results in the study of halophyte resources at home and abroad. I have looked for them. Their troubles are not my brother, but they are just worrying about it. If it were not risks of high blood pressure in pregnancy for signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure the fighting between the two factions, domestic consumers may not have been able to figure out the real difference between Pap and Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall normal temperature until blood pressure adderall now. Xie blood pressure adderall Kaiji was named, he was taken aback, nodded for a moment, and said Understand, our goal is to promote the agricultural cooperative model of Jiagu Agriculture and Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall expand Jiagu s agricultural base. General Manager Wang Yuye, Public Relations Marketing Zhang Zehong, Finance Chen Lingshan, Comprehensive Management Xie Kaiji, Legal Department Shen Shixing, Strategy nornal blood pressure Department Ding blood pressure adderall can cold shower lower blood pressure Xian, Human Resources Department Jiang Yan, Jiagu Food Materials Zhong Huazhi and others are all present. The state encourages various forms of moderately large scale operations with major professional blood pressure adderall households, family farms, and farmers blood pressure adderall professional cooperatives as the mainstay. Later, the conditions were even worse. The backflow flood blocked the dam and Qinnan urban area. If you have money, he is the uncle. It s not that you blood pressure adderall can suppress it casually as a leader. Take the Pioneer Company blood pressure adderall as an example, where the best talents in the world gather, with the most basic and global resources, enough to reach blood pressure adderall a blood pressure adderall country. The other man with an inch Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall head had the same cold expression. In the past, the relationship between blood pressure adderall Qingyang Industry and local farmers was relatively coordinated. Is there a discount for buying more eggs Seeing that signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure the Jiagu blood pressure adderall booth was about to calibrate microlife blood pressure monitor be sold out, the young man turned his head stiffly, and saw Qi blood pressure adderall Flexeril And Blood Pressure Zheng s expression of I what not to eat with high blood pressure m not blood pressure adderall wrong, right with a dazed expression on signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure his low heart rate high blood pressure causes face. This is actually the core competitiveness of Jiagu Agriculture the ability to produce large scale and stable products with distinctive flavors. If it is profitable, he might as well take the path of Cocoa Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall in advance. Let s take Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall blood pressure adderall the simplest blend of rice. Good rice. If there are more categories, we can choose something with a big fragrance, which slow heart rate low blood pressure is Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall easy to mix with other rice if the fragrance is small, if it is mixed, the Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall fragrance is gone, and it is easy to see. However, even blood pressure adderall the next investment in oilfield development cannot be afforded. To achieve recycling. The biggest difference from other pig farms is that, as the face value responsible, there are many green plants in the Jiagu pig farm. Qi Zheng nodded, speaking of the brother, it is still very reliable. With each level of cultivation level, the control of the spiritual formation becomes more handy, which also means that you can master more elevated systolic blood pressure treatment COM Zhang Zehong released Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall his willingness to negotiate to the other party and got a response. Yang Ye directly dispatched a team of senior livestock priests and senior veterinarians to take charge of the terroir domestication blood pressure adderall Beetroot Capsules For High Blood Pressure Dosage process of dairy cows in the quarantine farm, so that the cows can recover their physical fitness and healthy development Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall during the quarantine period, and give them better production performance. This will It is a modern large scale pig farm, adopting a fully self raising, Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall large scale, integrated industrialized breeding operation and management model. The Ministry of Commerce launched a strategic brand marketing plan for Blood Pressure Medication Dosage Chart blood pressure adderall the Chinese market. In fact, this is the most basic condition. Now in order to attract investment, all localities provide signs of low blood pressure various preferential policies, and some even give away Amlodipine Blood Pressure Medicine signs of low blood pressure land for free. Can not only give play to signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure the characteristics of his good at strategic planning, but also look at each place and each enterprise under his own planning to blood pressure adderall rejuvenate new opportunities, and at the same time get excessive remuneration and good social status. That s enough. The labor team of the Nongken Company normal blood pressure 15 year old is really not built. Liam, a high blood pressure symptoms in men dizziness young lawyer, Blood Pressure Medication Dosage Chart blood pressure adderall looked up at the black fountain in the sky, and said, This is a lot of effort A billionaire is estimated to be born. Luke was still in shock. Hao Yunfei laughed directly out of a pig cry, Ha, he is does baby aspirin help blood pressure a sinner, he deserves to have today Qi Zheng had a black line. After blood pressure adderall Hao Yunfei laughed, he persuaded Qi Zheng solemnly Boss Qi, you don t have to hesitate, you should choose me, after all, I blood pressure adderall m honest. Qi Jiande waved his hand and interrupted the discussion, pushing Qi Zheng Arrived at the front desk. Once you start a business, it s almost all . Is blood pressure 90 50 too low? work, and it s hard to take care of your family. 3 bananas and high blood pressure medication Seconds to remember under the pen. All letters of the net list Fight WWW. The ranch is generally divided blood pressure adderall into four relatively independent and closely connected areas administrative office area, auxiliary production area, production area and manure treatment blood pressure adderall area, signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure and various facilities are built in each area. Now the county is counting on Jiagu to smoothly promote the development of the county, and next year s financial affairs will proper position for taking blood pressure be blood pressure adderall slightly more generous. Back to the normal blood pressure for a 16 year old female company, Zhang Zehong was still waiting for Qi Zheng, he knew Dao Qizheng s plan Blood Pressure Medication Dosage Chart blood pressure adderall originally wanted to go along with 138 87 blood pressure it, but Qi Zheng rejected it on blood pressure adderall the grounds of acting alone and more concealed. The working environment blood pressure adderall is different, but the difference is not Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall that blood pressure adderall big. No one is working in the blood pressure adderall oilfield area today. After Qi Zheng was brought here, he was left there alone. Forgot to take it At blood pressure adderall the resettlement site, the crowds talked about the flood and signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure their homes, and blood pressure adderall no one could close their eyes at night. To put Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall it bluntly, it is the false high blood pressure readings transportation costs and holding costs of the two markets where the buyers and sellers are located. It would be a good blood pressure adderall Flexeril And Blood Pressure thing to change the environment. The most important thing is that after this incident, he is more optimistic about Qi Zheng s future. Its large system of scientific research, education, and promotion combined with huge funding has been extremely successful, and it has contributed to the promotion of the United States as the world s largest agricultural industry. As far as I know, this The oil production of blood pressure adderall the old oil fields in the block area has basically been zero. Chen Jianzhang, who had the honor to visit Pioneer Company, sighed. The most basic operations how to reduce blood pressure quickly naturally of futures trading are long and short. The boss said excitedly. Xianming rice Oh, this package is a blood pressure adderall little blood pressure adderall Flexeril And Blood Pressure blood pressure monitor finger type high end, blood pressure adderall boss, you are going to have a headache. Wang Jingming was surprised at the smooth introduction of trees and plants. But it is clear that Chen Jianzhang, who came with the latest results of Amlodipine Blood Pressure Medicine signs of low blood pressure the laboratory, saw greater opportunities from it. What is Hulielie When my son comes back, Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall he will listen to you nagging again. This 142 69 blood pressure virtually opened up the mainland market for Thai fragrant rice. He calmly said to Qian Jinping Okay, I won t mention the past in advance. Therefore, I hope that the next negotiations can be carried out with the utmost sincerity. After can you have heart attack with normal blood pressure the two exchanged their opinions on the large scale circular agriculture, Qi Zheng left his tobacco blood pressure adderall and alcohol and left. When the land Amlodipine Blood Pressure Medicine signs of low blood pressure was contracted three years ago, the local village committee paid little attention to this wasteland. Qi Zheng s eyes Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall fell on Tian blood pressure adderall Yuwei s surprised face, and his heart was warm. Effect concentration, calmness. Being in the array, Amlodipine Blood Pressure Medicine signs of low blood pressure it can make the spirits pure, the spirits condensed, and sneak into signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure the universe. In addition to the large investment, the difficulty of raising pigs continues to 170 94 blood pressure increase with the scale. The manufacturer Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall led the team to Zhou Yanliang, who followed Qi Zheng and township secretary Zhao Shugen to inspect the pig farm signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure site planned in Guanting Township. The city blood pressure adderall has also organized some investment promotion projects to Pucheng County before, but they were all in traffic. Minsheng is at least half of our home court, so it shouldn t be common blood pressure ashamed. The Hexi Corridor region is rich in light and heat resources, high water resource utilization efficiency, large blood pressure adderall land area, and unique conditions for the development of characteristic agriculture. No Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall matter how large the state subsidies, it is impossible to reach ordinary farmers coupled with the numerous procedures for applying do blood thinners lower your blood pressure Blood Pressure Medication Dosage Chart blood pressure adderall for subsidies, farmers enthusiasm is reduced. The nutrient content of forage grass is relatively comprehensive. So you see, your deer park base blood pressure adderall is the key to it. Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall Don t let blood pressure adderall me lose the foods that are good for high blood pressure chain. Feng Shui Zhang Zehong do i have low blood pressure quiz said I don t dare to understand, I just dare to dabble. In the final analysis, we still have to step out of very high blood pressure over 200 our comfort zone, actively participate in the international fight, and live to the end in order to be Blood Pressure Medication Dosage Chart blood pressure adderall at the top of the industry. Spend money The salary is twice as high as Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall that of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, not to mention other packages blood pressure adderall of food, housing and travel. Jiagu has signed an agreement with the cooperatives of the two villages. In recent years, with the continuous expansion of the hotel s scale, his status has also risen. Now that it s alright, the source has been seized, and the market is also seized. Qi Zheng admitted that their doubts are very reasonable. At present, people s view of the biomass energy blood pressure adderall industry is the future is bright in another Amlodipine Blood Pressure Medicine signs of low blood pressure blood pressure adderall ten years, the biomass energy industry the spring of development has come and ten keto high blood pressure reddit years later, the biomass energy industry is still with unlimited potential. Liu Ting was surprised, and Zhang blood pressure adderall Zehong high pulse normal blood pressure was even more surprised. However, now that the Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall New Year is approaching, it is difficult to recruit. The report stated China has excellent investment opportunities. The blood pressure adderall does sudafed affect blood pressure surrounding environment is more blood pressure adderall modern and clean than the surrounding area of Los Angeles. Until Yang Ye joined. Cattle breeding is not a simple matter. As a pseudo blood pressure adderall Practitioner, although Qi Zheng s weak chicken spirit is blood pressure adderall Flexeril And Blood Pressure stronger than blood pressure adderall ordinary blood pressure adderall people, it is said that Blood Pressure Medication Dosage Chart blood pressure adderall he can travel thousands of miles with his blood pressure adderall spiritual knowledge anytime and anywhere It s impossible. Usually, it s good to be able to be outside for half a blood pressure adderall kilometer, and It can t last But he has inheritance, and he can signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure make up for his congenital deficiencies. Everyone is in danger why does stress increase blood pressure when the village gets flooded, and every household is signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure in trouble The miserable chart to record blood pressure readings scene really hurts people In just a blood pressure adderall blood pressure adderall few days, hundreds of millions of cubic meters of floods were hit, and is 112 over 68 good blood pressure villages, fertile fields, orchards, and roads were all destroyed. Qi Zheng watched the skilled operation of the engineering team and expressed satisfaction with Luke. Generally speaking, according to the way blood pressure adderall Flexeril And Blood Pressure of fresh forage feeding, the amount of fresh grass added is up to 15 30 of the diet, but it should be due can you take aleve with high blood pressure medication blood pressure adderall blood pressure 88 over 50 to the good quality of the signs of low blood pressure Does Seroquel Lower Blood Pressure forage. The whats good to lower blood pressure product is king is Amlodipine Blood Pressure blood pressure adderall blood pressure adderall not just talking, as long as With strategic products in hand that others cannot produce, companies can blood pressure adderall basically remain invincible. Therefore, foreign funded groups can t blood pressure adderall really Blood Pressure Medication Dosage Chart blood pressure adderall sit back and watch Jiagu s acquisition blood pressure adderall of all the big factories. Qi Zheng didn t need blood pressure adderall to worry. Alessandro Maestri blood pressure adderall He asked directly How is your contact with Qingyuan Beer Wang Yuye said I contacted the municipal government and the management team of the brewery. The point is that the salt content of the shallow groundwater has hardly changed, which is a little weird. Su Fang, blood blood pressure adderall pressure adderall a Chinese trader at the top of the trading chain, was signs of low blood pressure named the Top 100 Trader of the Year by the famous Wall Street professional magazine Trader and became the second Chinese in the history of the list.
With world attention on both the environment and the economy, Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) is where policymakers and business leaders turn for win-win solutions. By focusing on strong science, uncommon partnerships and market-based approaches, we tackle urgent threats with practical solutions. We are one of the world’s largest environmental organizations, with more than two million members and a staff of approximately 700 scientists, economists, policy experts, and other professionals around the world. We operate in 22 geographies with unique projects running across four programs. You will be part of a vibrant workplace where innovation and results are a way of life. EDF envisions a world in which people from all backgrounds and experiences feel connected to the environmental challenges we face and are engaged in creating durable, equitable solutions. We seek talented candidates who share our Core Values of Respect, Results, Innovation, Optimism, and Integrity, and support our Commitment to Diversity. Washington, DC, New York, Boston or Remote – US The Program Coordinator is a key member of the Political Affairs team that can be based in our Washington, D.C. office or remote locations in Pennsylvania, Virginia, and other east coast locations will be considered. The position plays a critical supporting role in the development and execution of campaigns to advance priority goals of EDF’s strategies in Pennsylvania and Virginia, including to advance climate policy, clean energy, and equity. Independent judgement is important and required to plan, prioritize and organize workload within this busy program. Ideal candidates are driven self-starters with the ability to learn and implement workflow processes quickly and work well within a multi-disciplinary team. The Program Coordinator will report to the State Director for Pennsylvania and Virginia. - Attend, participate, and represent EDF in meetings with policymakers, advocacy coalition partners, with responsibility for documenting, identifying and tracking key takeaways and next steps, including research needs. - Support and assist with managing EDF’s Pennsylvania and Virginia partnerships with nonprofit, corporate, and other allies. - Synthesize issue research and policy analysis and draft/edit documents and other materials to support EDF’s advocacy agenda, strategic communications efforts, internal and external reporting requirements, and other purposes. - Create tracking databases, including for tracking legislative meetings, donor engagements, and program’s progress toward goals. - Respond to requests for information and prepare correspondence as needed. - Help to coordinate activities, events, and projects. - Coordinate administrative processes for the Pennsylvania and Virginia programs, including expense reporting and invoice processing. - Administer contracts for consultants, including assistance in writing/processing contracts and working with program staff/consultants to ensure the obligations of contracts are fulfilled and invoices are submitted and paid in a timely fashion. - Participates in advancing EDF DEI goals in which people from all backgrounds and experiences feel connected, included, and empowered to address the environmental and organizational challenges in alignment with EDF Values. - Helps drive and implement progress on DEIJ and environmental justice in Virginia and Pennsylvania. - A minimum 3 years of experience work in community organizing, environmental policy and/or advocacy campaigns. - Bachelor’s degree required. Master’s degree could substitute for up to 2 years of experience. - Demonstrated ability to collaborate with a variety of individuals and organizations, build effective coalitions, and work within diverse communities. - Creativity, energy, and the ability to multi-task and get work done under pressure. - Excellent organizational, planning, and administration skills and strong attention to detail. - Strong verbal and written communication skills. - Superior skills in MS Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint. - Presence, confidence and integrity. - Ability and willingness to work as a strong team player, together with a demonstrated capacity to work independently and as a self-starter. - Strong commitment to enhance the team’s and EDF’s DEIJ and environmental justice efforts, including experience working in diverse partnerships. - Demonstrates self-awareness, cultural competency and inclusivity, and ability to work with colleagues and stakeholders across diverse cultures and backgrounds. - Ability to travel regionally, on occasion. - An understanding of and commitment to Environmental Defense Fund’s mission of protecting the natural environment and limiting humankind’s impact on the planet. PLEASE SUBMIT A COVER LETTER WITH YOUR APPLICATION. Environmental Defense Fund is an equal opportunity employer where an applicant’s qualifications are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other basis prohibited by law.
8 women lose their life every day to breast cancer. We are a proud supporter of the National Breast Cancer Foundation (NBCF). For every Soft Pink silk pillowcase sold, LOVESILK will donate $5 to the NBCF. When you support NBCF, you're supporting targeted breast cancer research across the spectrum. All work towards our goal of stopping deaths from breast cancer and a better quality of life for all those impacted. If you would like to participate and support this great cause, please feel free to add a donation below. Thank you for your support!
Only 28 per cent of 117,500 newly created positions taken by local job seekers while layoffs rise Mismatch of expectations leads to slow job take-up rate Despite the National Jobs Council creating 117,500 jobs and training and attachment opportunities as of end-August, only 33,100 positions, or 28.17 per cent, were taken by local job seekers. Even more sobering, only 6,650, or 15.2 per cent, of 43,750 openings for long-term jobs for professionals, managers, executives and technicians were taken by locals. Why are these jobs going begging when retrenchments are rising because of Covid-19? From April to June, layoffs more than doubled to 8,130 compared with the first quarter. The answer lies mainly in job matching or, to be more precise, a mismatch of expectations between job seeker and potential employer. Take local car-sharing platform and tech solutions provider Tribecar's challenges in trying to hire locals with tech skills. Its co-founder Adrian Lee told The New Paper: "If the candidates have similar merits, we would want to hire a Singaporean or permanent resident. "But every local tech graduate wants to work for companies like Facebook and Amazon. If they can't get in there, then they aim for well-funded tech firms or the government sector. "That leaves 99 per cent of Singapore businesses facing a drought for tech talent." The Fair Consideration Framework dictates firms must advertise jobs on the MyCareersFuture.sg portal for at least 28 days before applying for a new Employment Pass or S Pass for a foreign candidate. Those found to be unfair in the selection process can be taken to task. Mr David Leong, managing director of human resource firm PeopleWorldwide Consulting, said many such positions are in areas where locals may lack the required skills. "IT roles generally have higher hurdle requirements and are not easy to place since skills are key in the roles," he said. Both retrenched or new job seekers may not be suitable as "such skills cannot be portable" and thus they are "unlikely able to jump in and become immediately effective and productive". Also, the older, better skilled and more experienced workers can afford to spend more time on job hunting, said Singapore University of Social Sciences associate professor of economics Walter Theseira. "The choice for many retrenched Singaporeans will be... hoping to find a similar job at their last drawn or better pay," he said. A Ministry of Manpower (MOM) spokesman said it is "natural" for mid-career job seekers to consider long and hard before making a switch as they may need to "step out of familiar comfort zones". Earlier this month, Deputy Prime Minister Heng Swee Keat said the matching of vacancies with job seekers is not a straightforward process, and the system will be improved. Mr Heng, who is also Coordinating Minister for Economic Policies and Finance Minister, said the review includes looking at how the database systems available can be better used for job matching. "And this is what the SGUnited Jobs and Skills Centres and other agencies will be doing," he added. The SGUnited Skills Programme enables job seekers to acquire new industry-relevant skills and company attachments while its Mid-Career Pathways Programme gives employers and job seekers a chance to evaluate first-hand if the job and individual are a good fit. Mr Leong said as long as "job seekers are willing to consider a switch... and to absorb some pay adjustments, there are opportunities for a rebound". Mr Gabriel Sim, 49, did just that after losing his events and sales director job in July when his company restructured. He took a 50 per cent cut to take up a sales manager role in a smaller events company last month. "It's better to be gainfully employed than being jobless," said the sole breadwinner with three children. NeXT Career Consulting Group founder Paul Heng said some companies also take their time filling non-critical roles. He added: "Some employers are looking for the perfect-fit candidate who meet every one of their hiring prerequisites." MOM has encouraged employers to look beyond hiring the perfect candidate. Said its spokesman: "We will need progressive employers who are prepared to give an opportunity to local job seekers who may not have the full set of skills to do the job from day one, but who can be trained up, instead of looking for candidates who can 'plug and play' immediately."
Here is an interesting way to start up a watch company. Use Kickstarter. This is what a new micro brand out of Canada is doing. The watch brand is called Cobra de Calibre. I have to say that it does look good. The basic specs are: Case: 316L stainless steel, 42mm diameter, 51mm lug to lug, 11.5mm thick and 22mm lug width Movement: Miyota 9015 with signed rotor Crystal: flat sapphire crystal both front and back Water resistant: 30 ATM For more information: Photographs: Cobra de Calibre
The Real Deal won an award from the New York Press Club for best crime reporting in the magazine category for senior reporter Konrad Putzier’s coverage of Bar Works, the organization announced this week. Editorial director Hiten Samtani and managing web editor James Kleimann shared the award with Putzier. In January 2017, TRD uncovered that a British accused fraudster using an assumed name was secretly running the New York-based co-working startup Bar Works, whose investment offerings were similar to past alleged Ponzi schemes. Putzier’s subsequent articles traced the victims’ efforts to recover their money, and showed how Bar Works was part of a broader rise of online real estate investment fraud. In June, the U.S. Attorney’s office in Manhattan and the Securities and Exchange Commission unveiled fraud charges the Bar Works founder, Renwick Haddow. He was arrested in Morocco and later extradited to the U.S., where he faces trial. Prosecutors allege that he took $37 million from investors. The prestigious New York Press Club awards are nationally recognized for honoring excellence in journalism and have been covered in publications like the New York Times and Bloomberg. TRD’s Bar Works coverage is also part of a package of stories that recently won a general excellence award from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers, which honors exceptional business journalism across the U.S.
The Economic Development Potential of the Green Sector - Author(s): Ong, Paul M.; - Patraporn, Rita Varisa - et al. This brief contains policy recommendations on establishing a regional economic development and job creation initiative to grow the Green sector into a significant export base. The long-term goals are to capture internal and external economies of scale, agglomeration benefits, and a cutting edge market identity to develop a region as a leader for meeting the growing demand for Green jobs and services. This effort requires a rounded and balanced economic ecology that includes strengthening and increasing the number of Green vendors, suppliers and related supply chains. This is a desirable goal because the Green market is projected to grow substantially both domestically and globally over the next decade.
A reader asked: Do you think that reassurance-seeking is always a bad thing? Because some of your posts seem to imply it. I didn’t realize my posts sounded that way, but I see what you mean now that you point it out. No, seeking reassurance isn’t always a bad thing. It can be really good to seek reassurance, and I think everyone needs to do that at least occasionally. If you are afraid that something is wrong, it’s ok to want to check. And it’s ok to do that with the expectation that things are probably ok and that you just need to hear it. What’s bad is when people seek *unconditional* reassurance. When people seek unconditional reassurance, they want to be convinced that things are ok at all costs – even if things are horribly wrong. That’s dangerous, and destructive. (And particularly dangerous if the thing that’s wrong is the result of something they’re going, but it’s destructive even when the problem is in no way their fault).
Spread love, happiness, and kindness with our Eye Love U Bracelet. The overall benefits of the evil eye bracelet are the belief that it protects the person wearing it from evil spirits and bad luck. The eye symbol has the dual capabilities of providing you with both protection and power. Wearing this protective symbol for good fortune or as a protection from the power of the evil negative energy is a cultural commonality amongst the believers. The evil eye is available in assorted colors. Labradorite is excellent for strengthening intuition - promoting psychic abilities. Labradorite banishes fears and insecurities, and strengthens faith in the self and trust in the universe. It stimulates the imagination and calms an overactive mind, developing enthusiasm, and new ideas. Size: 8 mm beads Wrist: standard size 7 inches All bracelets are made in 7 inches (average women’s size) unless a different size is requested. Please reference our sizing guide in the photos and add a note for any sizing requests.
Minority Perspective is an Internet-based news service. All relevant news stories will be reviewed for publication. We are a web based news service and we invite news stories and information that differs from the corporate controlled mainstream media. Black British anti-racism activist Clive Henry sent us his story: Clive Henry Petition: Equality Does Not Exist Former West Yorkshire Police Officer, David Blair exposed police corruption on Minority Perspective: New website exposes police corruption and racism We can set-up Zoom or Skype interviews from the comfort of your own home, or if you prefer we have other options. Send your stories to firstname.lastname@example.org Subscribe to our newsletter!
These mountains just give me the goosebumps (even though it in fact was a trillion degrees this morning) when I stare at them during my run. Reason #392 that I love BLUEBUDS X: I can use them to talk to my brother on the phone while I run. They have a magic microphone somewhere in the headphones so I can chat away while I run… who needs running partners when you can just talk away on the phone. I did 7 miles at an 8:17 pace. I took yesterday off so today my legs took about 3 miles to remember how to run again. I have to tell you about the breakfast that I had yesterday with my mom and brothers. Just imagine eating a a bowl full of the best hash browns you have ever had topped with sautéed veggies and then topped with eggs and avocado. Let’s just say it was amazing. Last night (yes, this post is all over the place) I spent time in the backyard eating ice cream with Curly (still calling her Curly even though her hair isn’t quite as curly as it used to be). I had this kind of ice cream and if you do one thing with your life today, go to the grocery store and buy this. Oh and how did I forget about this…. Her newest thing is climbing in/on top of/over ever thing in the house. Quite the adventure seeker. Last flavor of ice cream (or froyo or sorbet) that you had? What was your breakfast this morning? Do you like talking while you run or would you prefer not to? How far did you run today?
Commercial Property Insurance in Chico and Redding, CA Protection for Your Business Itself Every day you work hard to ensure that your business stays up and running. From serving your customers and offering your products and services to providing your employees with jobs, your business is a powerhouse of activity. That is why it is important to make sure your commercial property is protected because accidents do happen, and the last thing you want to experience as a business owner is being out of commission and under the wrong policy. With a custom Property Insurance policy from Jeff Fowler Insurance Services, you can ensure that the building itself and the personal property of your business is protected from minor accidents or a major financial loss. Our insurance specialists can help you create a policy that keeps your small-to medium-size business insured from top to bottom by covering such items as: All interior items (desks, furniture, etc.) Any outdoor signs on your property Other items that are typically found on a Property Insurance policy can include Builder’s Risk insurance and Equipment Breakdown coverage. Builder’s Risk protects any materials or equipment from damage or loss sustained during construction or remodeling, while Equipment Breakdown, or Boiler and Machinery, keeps any electrical, electronic, or pressurized equipment on your premises insured from breakdowns or loss. Additional Business Protection In some cases, your business can save more by combining Property with Liability for the convenience of having your business needs met. To find out more about combining coverages, contact Jeff Fowler Insurance Services today.
Visit the screenshot above to get your Atlantis Gold bonus in minutes. Atlantis Gold has the highest bonuses and payouts in online gaming. Players get $1000’s in bonus giveaways and free spins every day. Atlantis Gold offers a huge variety of games, fast withdrawals, and tons of ways to win REAL MONEY. This Atlantis Gold promotion is only for a limited time, Don’t miss out! How do I get my Atlantis Gold bonus!? Just make your first deposit using the link above! App Atlantis Gold Atlantis Gold Live Games Atlantisgoldcasino.com Depozit Bonusu Live Atlantis Gold Bonus Atlantis Gold Deposit Vip Sign In Atlantisgoldcasino.com Sign In Atlantis Gold Sign in. Sign in with Facebook. Havent got an account? Register now! By !What is Atlantis Gold Casino? *. Get Welcome Package making first several !Learn all casino payment methods for safe online banking with Atlantis Gold. * It
It's time to feature a selection of stars to have braved my lens. We feature film-maker Paul Cox, broadcaster Phillip Adams and renaissance man Michael Leunig. Actually the title of Renaissance Man applies to each of them. Taken in the mid-1980s, these portraits were part of an interview series i wrote on leading Australia's creatives. Twenty-five years on they remain influential figures within the Australian Arts cosmos. Portraiture is much less about me inserting my personality into the image than capturing the essence of each 'sitter'. They were all generous as I recall and interested, if not slightly intrigued, by the process. Each demonstrated a playfulness and willingness not to take the 'shoot' too seriously. There's serious play though, at least on my part. Composition, chat (hopefully relaxing and not banal),remaining as focused as my camera. Incidental chat can count almost as much as a quick reflex. Subjects can quickly tire or become anxious if they sense poor preparation. And they can lose confidence that you will produce that defining image. I experimented with a multiple exposure of Paul Cox to capture his multi-faceted, complex talent. The result wasn't intended to ape Picasso but it does share some of that fractured vision. Phillip Adams showed me around his garden and where some have gnomes or hyacinths, he had enough antiquity to make a Pharaoh weep - or feel that he had never left home. Michael Leunig was a model of hospitality. I recall his smiling eyes and love of ducks. A week or so after my visit to his rural property, one of his Saturday Reflections featured a giant thong washed up on the beach. My large thongs caught his attention during our shoot, which just goes to prove that my footwear might have stirred his hyperactive sub-conscious. Fond memories of each and every one.
Symphonium by Xerjoff is a Amber Vanilla fragrance for women and men. This is a new fragrance. Symphonium was launched in 2020. Top notes are Orange and Mandarin Orange; middle notes are Chocolate and Cardamom; base notes are Thailand Oud, Laotian Oud, Madagascar Vanilla and Musk. "A fragrance which intriguingly evokes mystery with row of delectable notes beside warm aura of extravagant woodiness. Symphonium unveils with piquant Spanish mandarin and mouth-watering orange juice. Heart-melting and evocative like a poem. Like a chorus of divine voices. The appetizing citrus accord engages with Indian cardamom which introduces fresh air of top to warm Belgian chocolate core. Intense sweet and deliciously dark, it brings highly desirable scrumptious aura and calls for inevitably voluptuous musk. Wealthy duet of premium oud woods from Thailand and Laos, and exquisite vanilla from Madagascar enhance cryptic persona of Symphonium." - a note from the brand. Top notes: Spanish mandarin and orange Middle notes: Indian cardamom and Belgian chocolate Base notes: musk, vanilla Madagascar, mix of Laos Thai oud Symphonium is available as a 100ml Parfum from 2020.
The youth has been identified as Moon Gogoi who was 28-years-old. Gogoi was working in a private company in Telangana for the last five years. According to reports, Gogoi died after slipping out of the boat and falling into a pond while feeding food grains to fish. Moon Gogoi was the younger son of Bhuban Gogoi. The youth’s death has cast a shadow of grief in the entire Amguri area. Investigation is underway into the incident.
Now, with that explanation out of the way, here’s a letter Morning Liz recently (as in today) composed for Night Liz: Dear Night Liz, I’ll be brief since you have the attention span of a gnat on dope. You’re killing me! Really. You are. Do you have any regard for how early I have to get up? Do you think I like rushing around in the morning because I hit snooze one too many times? Do you know what it’s like to wake up already exhausted? Of course you don’t! You leave that all for me to deal with. And I’m really starting to hate you for it. A deep, passionate, loathsome hate. So please, I beg of you, keep this in mind tonight when you think of starting French lessons at 10:00pm, or that 11:45pm is the perfect time to begin a puzzle. If you don’t, I’ve already talked to Mid-Afternoon Liz, and she’s fully prepared to take a sleeping pill or two in order to avoid you all together. Heed my warning! P.S. Don’t be surprised if you get a letter from Day Liz. She also has a bone to pick with you.
Good-bye, pyramid. Hello, plate. The U.S. government’s advice to Americans on what they should eat is undergoing a shake-up as top officials search for a better way to get across the healthy eating message, reports The Globe and Mail. This means the old nutrition pyramid has been scrapped in favour of a simple plate image. The new MyPlate image is divided into the major food groups people should consume most: fruits, vegetables, grains and protein. Dairy is featured as a beverage off to the side of this plate. While not perfect, the plate highlights serious problems with the Canadian government’s guide to healthy eating, warns Bill Jeffery, national co-ordinator of the Canadian branch of the consumer advocacy group, Centre for Science in the Public Interest. Continue reading
2045 Sheridan Blvd. Edgewater, CO 80214 Hours of Operation: We are offering gift certificates this holiday season. Your friends and family can give you the gift of medicine this year, even if they aren’t patients themselves! Comments are closed. Copyright © 2013 Northern Lights - All Rights Reserved Eonupdate Web Strategy
Using a predictive technology inside something that moves your data around really makes sense sometimes although not a lot of people are taking advantage of it. Let me show you how to use the two together Come to this session to see how you can create a logging, monitoring and profiling solution for your existing or new SSIS packages overcoming all usual problems that a typical solution brings: increasing package complexity, longer development times and so on. The session will propose a standard, out-of-the-box solution for all of these challenges. Discover how to build a real world SSIS package. Learn how to set up a package configuration, Manipulate package variables. Process multiple files and capture errors. Learn some workarounds for SSIS limitations (bugs). Learn secrets you might not have known about SSIS
During the Facebook earnings call today, Mark Zuckerberg was asked about the rumors of Facebook building its own phone with HTC. His response was: Building out a whole phone really wouldn’t make much sense for us to do. While Facebook has reiterated that it is dedicated to developing mobile functionality and services for its users and advertisers, this is the first time that Facebook has publicly said that it’s basically not working on its own branded phone. This of course doesn’t mean that Facebook won’t work with handset manufacturers about pre-loading Facebook apps, but if you’re looking for a shiny blue “Facebook Phone”, it seems like Zuckerberg just crushed that Rumors have been swirling that the Menlo Park firm had hired iPhone and iPad engineers to work on the phone, but perhaps they were brought in to make its existing apps better and more responsive. With the company stating that it’s laser focused on providing the social layer for the entire web, straying away from that goal, say with a mobile phone project, could scare off investors.
Big Run Wolf Ranch is a federally licensed non-profit educational facility specializing in North American wildlife. We have been licensed for approximately 25 years and doing educational lectures for approximately 21 years. Many of the animals here at Big Run have been rescued wherein the only other alternative was euthanasia. Although we have rescued many animals, Big Run's primary objective is education. Currently, we are unable to comfortably house any additional wildlife. We are in the preliminary stages of planning out our larger facility, where we will be able to provide homes for orphaned wildlife. Our plans include an on-site rehab medical facility as well as an 1800 sq. ft. on-site education center. With the continued generous support of the public, our facility will expand as funds allow. John Basile, President, has held a USDA federal license and has been working with large North American predators for 25 years.
FTL: Faster Than Light, the starship managerial roguelike-like sim that will make you feel like a Starfleet captain, is available for only $5.99 on GOG.com. That's 40% off for the next 24 hours. FTL: Faster Than Light is a tough game. Some would say that at times it's unfair. To that any spacecraft captain would promptly reply: "life isn't fair, crewman! Suck it up. Now zip-up that red uniform of yours and go check the contamination levels in the second airlock". They would be quite right. Life in the depths of space has no place for such concepts of fairness. You need to be prepared for solar winds blowing in your face. You need to expect to be suddenly boarded by alien pirates. You need to have a backup backup backup reactor core. That's just every day's reality for a starship commander. Although, hard as it may seem, you get to reroute power to the shields and launch photon torpedoes at stuff, so in the end it's way more satisfying than all other careers you could have. FTL: Faster Than Light is a meticulous simulation of a spaceship commander's duties. The fate of the ship and its crew lies in your hands, so your performance has to be flawless. You have to track many of the craft's systems at once, issue orders to your men, and plan at least five steps ahead. The galaxy you'll be traversing is procedurally generated and full of danger, so the game provides infinite replayability and challenge. If you are a sci-fi fan and you enjoy difficult games, FTL: Faster Than Light will mesmerize you with its setting and unforgiving mechanics. Boldly go, where several men have gone before and got their butts kicked by aliens! Grab FTL: Faster Than Light, for only $5.99!
Hold up, buddy. |Normal Mode||15-30|| $1,348| |True Vault Hunter||50|| $| The mission will start off after you have given Herbert his four tapes from the previous mission, he will then proceed to tell you that the fourth piece of the compass is in his chest that will sit to the right of the small staircase leading to his hut. After you shoot the chest and open it is revealed that the compass piece is destroyed and that you must gather material for Herbert to make a new fourth piece to the compass. You need to go to the Washburne Refinery which is accessable in the top right corner of the Wurmwater map. You get in the refinery by going a small village area which will have a Catch-a-Ride and an Ammo Dump in it. You go over to where there are some cables and hit one of the lift switches to for a lift to come down, after the lift comes down, enter it and proceed to go to the entrance of the Washburne Refinery, however before entering there is a loader that does spawn there some times, depending on your playthrough. Once in the Washburne Refinery, there will be an Ammo Dump and a Dr. Zed medical machine plus a fast travel machine. After passing these you will be instructed by Herbert that he needs four pieces of Poly-Kryten in order to remake the piece of the compass You will turn left and continue until you are in a large room, the first piece of Poly-Kryten is going to be on the left after the two flights of stairs, however in the room are a mix of GUN-Loaders, HOT-Loaders, JNK-Loaders and EXP-Loaders, clear them out before going for the first piece. (SIDE-NOTE - there is a DAHL chest after the first small flight of stairs to your left that is on the right of one of the doors the Loaders spawn at.) The first piece will be on a table on left at the top of the stairs. The next two pieces are in plain sight. Continue on far enough and you will come to an outdoor arena area. Clear it of enemies and a large boss, H3RL-E, will arrive. This is a large Loader Robot. It will attack you by catapulting explosives at you. It takes nothing more than a few direct hits with a rocket launcher to take him down. Go out of the arena and pick up the last piece. Return to Herbert and give him the Poly-Kryten. Pick up the finished compass piece. Give Herbert the gift if he's been annoying you, then return to Captain Scarlett. Finally! With the last piece repaired and functional, you should be able to reassemble Captain Blade's compass and uncover the location of the Treasure of the Sands. What Links HereWalkthrough | Captain Scarlett and Her Pirate's Booty Walkthrough | HRL3-E Top Wiki Contributors Need assistance with editing this wiki? Check out these resources:
A traditional setting allows the craftsman to put a personal mark on the motif. The craftsman determines the exact number of gemstones to set as well as the design of the motif on the work entrusted to him. He starts with fine drilling then goes on to size the holes. Like a sculptor in the material, he makes repeated cuts. With these cuts he draws out the grain that will hold the gem stones. At this stage, each stone is positioned and must be carefully adjusted to achieve a perfectly snug fit. Lastly the grain is circular-grained, after which the stone will not move from its setting.
College of Music presents classical Indian violinist Kala Ramnath in concert on April 1st Loyola press release - March 31, 2005 The College of Music and the Indian Arts Circle of New Orleans present a classical Indian msuic concert featuring Kala Ramnath, violin with Yogesh Samsi, tabla. The conceret is set for Friday, April 1, 2005 at 7:30 p.m. in the Louis J. Roussel Performance Hall. Tickets are $25 sponsors; $15 general admission; $7 students and Loyola community with ID. The singing strings of violin come to life with the innate artistry of Kala Ramnath, a virtuoso from India. She is among the most outstanding instrumental musicians in the North Indian classical genre. She has won the acclaim of discerning audiences and critics worldwide. In 1984, she won the first prize in the prestigious AIR music competition. In 1988, she became the first ever-Hindustani musician and violinist to record for CBS India Ltd. She has extensively toured the US, Canada, UK, Europe, Russia, Australia, Africa, Middle East, Mauritius, Nepal, Bangladesh. She is the principal of the Pandit Jasraj School of Music Foundation in Tampa, Atlanta, and Los Angeles. Ramnath will be accompanied by Pandit Yogesh Samsi on tabla (Indian drums). The concert promises to present an evening of masterful dialogue between the violin and the tabla while unfolding the intricacies of Raga (melody) and Taala (rhythm). For more information or to purchase tickets, call 865-3037 during business hours.
How to automatically draw Fibonacci Retracement for each new stock? Updated on 2011-03-01 04:14:01 In order to draw the Fibonacci Retracement automatically when a new stock is selected in a chart, click on the Auto-Draw button and select "Fibonacci Retracement". You will notice that the item is drawn at the end of the chart. You can specify the number of days/bars to use in the drawing item calculation by updating the "Number of bars" field. To stop this drawing process, simply select the Auto-Draw button and click on "Nothing". Note that auto-draw creates locked items. To unlock the Fibonacci Retracement item, right click on it and uncheck "Lock Position". Besides Fibonacci Retracement drawing tool, you can also auto-draw the following items:
Kick up your feet and relax in this chocolate and cognac glider rocker with accompanying ottoman. Both the ottoman's and the chair's sturdy frame are made of hard wood and a wood-composite. The comfortable cushions are made from polyurethane foam and microfiber. - Frame Material: Hardwood, Wood Composite - Wood Finish: Chestnut - Finish: Smooth - Textile Material: 100 % Microfiber - Polyurethane Foam - Accessories Included: Chair Pads - Maximum Weight Capacity: 250.0 Lb. - Care and Cleaning: Spot Clean Only - Dimensions: 37.5 " H x 35.0 " W x 29.0 " D - Weight: 54.0 Lb. - Chair Dimensions: 37.5 " H x 35.0 " W ; x 29.0 " D - Chair Weight: 38.0 Lb. - Ottoman Dimensions: 14.5 " H x 16.0 " W x 20.5 " D - Ottoman Weight: 12.0 Lb.
I-Cubs Get Thumped by River Cats Nate Spears and Brad Snyder smacked home runs, but it wasn't enough, as the Sacramento River Cats (the Oakland A's AAA affiliate) scratched out a 10-5 victory over the Iowa Cubs this afternnon at the Papago Park Sports Complex in Phoenix. Spears missed several games after being hit on the hand with a pitch last Saturday, but he returned to the scene of the crime (and the lineup) with a bang today, hitting the first pitch of the game over the RF fence. The first three I-Cubs pitchers struggled, as Randy Wells and Dumas Garcia had difficulty throwing strikes, while Ken Kadokura was just plain awful (five runs on eight hits--including three doubles and a triple, in just two innings of work), but Justin Berg and Jeff Stevens retired the last six batters they faced, Berg with an easy 1-2-3 nine-pitch 7th (eight strikes and only one ball, resulting in a 6-3, Ks, and P-3), and then Jeff Stevens struck out the side in the 8th. In Iowa Cubs roster news, hard-throwing 26-year old RHP Rocky Roquet (who has been terrible since reporting to the Iowa Cubs) has been traded to the Oakland A's for a PTBNL (Roquet was an NRI to big league camp), LHP Edward Campusano (another NRI to big league camp who got sentt back to Iowa) has been released (couldn't throw strikes, never really recovered from April 2007 TJS), and OF Richie Robnett (acquired from OAK in the Michael Wuertz trade, and then outrighted off the 40-man roster last week) and IF-OF Matt Camp have been demoted to AA Tennessee. So the Iowa Cubs roster presently stands at 33 (16 pitchers, four catchers, eight infielders, and five outfielders), with nine cuts left to make by the end of the week (the AA and AAA regular season roster limits are 24, not 25). Here is today's abridged box score (Iowa Cubs players only). Randy Wells batted twice (including once after he had already been replaced on the mound) because he is being prepped as a rotation starter for Iowa, and the Cubs wanted him to get a couple of ABs in addition to extending his pitch count up past 50 (he was used as a one-inning reliever in Cactus League games before he was optioned to Iowa from big league camp). 1. Nate Spears, DH #1: 1-3 (HR, 6-3, 4-3, BB - 1 R, 1 RBI) 2. So Taguchi, RF: 0-4 (F-8, F-9, 5-3, 4-6-3 DP) 3. Esteban German, 3B: 1-3 (1B, 5-3, BB, 6-3 - 1 R) 4a. Randy Wells, P-DH #2: 0-1 (3-U SH, F-8) 5. Jake Fox, 1B: 0-2 (Kc, HBP, BB, F-8 - 1 R) 6. Brad Snyder, CF: 1-3 (4-3, 3-U, BB, HR, 1 R, 1 RBI) 7. Jason Dubois, LF: 2-4 (1-3, 2B, Ks, 2B - 1 R) 8. Mark Johnson, C: 2-3 (1B, F-8, BB, 2B - 2 RBI) 9. Andres Blanco, SS: 0-4 (P-4, 6-3, 4-3, Kc -1 RBI) 10. Luis Rivas, 2B: 0-3 (6-3, 5-3, L-8) 1. Randy Wells - 2.0 IP, 6 H, 3 R (3 ER), 2 BB, 1 K, 1 GIDP, 1 WP, 51 pitches (26 strikes), 6/1 GO/FO 2. Ken Kadokura - 2.0 IP, 8 H, 6 R (6 ER), 0 BB, 2 K, 1 WP, 43 pitches (27 strikes), 3/1 GO/FO 3. Dumas Garcia - 2.0 IP, 1 H, 1 R (1 ER), 3 BB, 1 K, 1 HR, 46 pitches (22 strikes) , 1/4 GO/FO 4. Justin Berg - 1.0 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 0 BB, 1 K, nine pitches (eight strikes), 1/1 GO/FO 5. Jeff Stevens - 1.0 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 0 BB, 3 K, 17 pitches (10 strikes)
Chris Blattman thinks that NGOs are atrocious in the way they bury criticism. This was his opinion given in response to a paper showing NGOs were twice as likely to want to work with outside, independent academics who appear to have an a priori view that is supportive of the sector in which they work (microfinance in the study) than they would if the a priori view was critical. I work for an NGO and largely agree with the Blattman. Indeed this blog has covered NGO unconstructive responses to criticism before (here and here). I also like the study design which reminds me of those experiments where identical CVs were sent out but with different names on top to test latent racist attitudes. But I think there are some important points to make in response. - As pointed out in a comment on Blattman’s post, in the study the negative treatment email’s opening sentence of paragraph 2 is pretty uncompromising: “Academic research suggests that microfinance is ineffective.” This blunt approach, which mirrors exactly the positive treatment email, unfortunately does not conform to social norms in how we express disagreement, which is usually hedged in a way to give due acknowledgement of the correspondent’s position. In short the negative email approach does not make them sound like great partners. - People in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones. We all struggle to deal with countervailing views. Science is littered with examples of where prominent academics of the time have suppressed publication of a paper that ran counter to their view of the world, only for it later to turn out the author was correct and the bigwigs wrong. - NGOs live, work and fundraise in the real world, not some idealised planet populated by homo rationalis. The robust battle of ideas that lies at the heart of academic life may be the anomaly, not NGO responses to criticism. Inaccurate or inappropriate criticism can do a lot of damage to an otherwise successful programme. NGOs may conclude it is better to do their learning behind closed doors, and then change direction if appropriate, than to admit their failures. Like it or not, I suspect many of the most successful NGOs are probably those which more carefully burnish their reputations by controlling the release of bad news about their work. However, in my view, none of the above constitute sufficient justification for the lack of openness amongst many NGOs in the conservation and development sectors. The time has come for admitting failure and other exercises in honest self-assessment and humility. Though the road may be tough, eventually we will all be stronger for it.
“What would you think,” my husband asked, “if I got a vasectomy?” I put down my magazine and stared out the window. “I think,” I said carefully, “that I wouldn’t know what to think.” “We’re done, though, right?” “I think so.” “But you don’t want to get pregnant again, right?” “I don’t want to be pregnant again, no. Or at least, I don’t think so. I think. No. I don’t know.” That wasn’t entirely true. I do know. I don’t want to be pregnant again. And I certainly don’t want to go through childbirth again. And I could do without ever going through another exhausted-depressed-anxious-boobchafed tour-de-newborn again. But do I want to ensure that I never get pregnant again, that I never have another child? I don’t know. I don’t think that those questions are the same. Do you want (or not want) to go through the process of having another child? is a different question from do you want (or not want) to have another child? in the same way that do you like the work of motherhood? is a different question from do you like being a mother? or do you love being mother to your children? I don’t like pregnancy. I don’t like childbirth. I’m not super crazy about the work of motherhood, and I’m especially not crazy about the 24-7 boot camp nightmare that is the work of being a brand new mother to a brand new baby who stays up all night and chomps boobs and shits everywhere. But I love my children. I adore my children. They are the most precious, most delightful, most amazing things in my life. So if you ask me, do I want more mother-work, the fast and firm answer is no. But if you were to ask me whether I’d want another one of these incredible little beings, I would say that I can’t bring myself to say, firmly and finally, no. And if you were to ask me whether I’d accept further burden of mother-work in order to have another one of these little beings, I’d have to say, I just don’t know. I don’t think so, but I don’t know. All I know is that I don’t want to say no. Not with any kind of finality. Not in a way that closes off any possibility of yes. Or even, oops. (Because oops is a yes of a sort, is it not?) (yes is a world/and in this world of/yes live/(skilfully curled)/all worlds) (feel free to roll your eyes at me here) My hands are full. Emilia is hell on wheels, a brilliant and beautiful tempest that blasts her way through every day, wreaking full havoc and leaving us, her parents, stunned and enchanted and weary in her wake. Jasper is a great, hulking, grinning cherub of a baby, big and strong and determined to catch up to his speedster-demon of a sister. They thrill and delight and exhaust me. I adore them more than I thought it possible to adore any other living beings, but they keep me at the very razor’s edge of my wits. I don’t know that it would be humanly possible for me to manage another child. Ever. But the idea of closing off any possibility of that third child… that seems, somehow, inexplicably, wrong. I’m not a big believer in destiny – that is, I don’t think that I am – but if there’s a future for us in which a third child figures, do I want to refuse that future? I think of those friends of mine for whom the third (or fourth) was unexpected, a shock even, and I know that if they had it to do over, they would not want to turn back the clock and refuse. But turning back the clock to change the past, and settling upon certain choices for the future are two different things, of course. I have already made innumerable choices that have closed off innumerable futures; I do not, for the most part, mourn the loss of these futures. They just simply are not to be. Am I ready, though, to close off entirely the possibility of this future, of a future in which our two are our three, in which we four who once were we three become we five? I don’t know. I just don’t know. (How did you know? DO you know?)
Britvic is one of the leading branded soft drinks businesses in the UK and Ireland. With great products like Robinsons, J2O, Tango and Fruit Shoot in the UK, a strong local presence in Ireland, and exclusive agreements to manufacture, market and distribute global names like Pepsi and 7UP, we are dedicated to creating and building brands that delight consumers. We have a strong track record of innovation in products and packaging, and are renowned for our compelling and effective marketing - helping us to outperform the UK soft drinks market in all key categories. We are currently the largest supplier of branded still drinks in the UK and the number two supplier of branded carbonates. We have approximately 2,700 employees - based either at our main offices in Hemel Hempstead and Solihull, or at one of the manufacturing sites across the country. We are proud to be developing a culture that makes Britvic a great company to work for - reflected in the fact that we not only attract the best people, but retain them too. We promote initiative, encourage our people to be passionate about our brands and nurture talent. We also offer broad scope for career development right across the business. After all, as we continue to grow, we want you to grow too. Found 1 job with Britvic Soft Drinks Order by: Newest first Salary
Students will gather as much information as possible from the sculpture of Rosa Parks before reading about her role in the Montgomery County Bus Boycott. They will bring the lesson to life by role playing and participating in skits. Students will be able to: - Describe a sculpture. - Differentiate between realistic and distorted features of the sculpture. - Identify clues to Rosa Parks’s story in the sculpture. - List questions left unanswered by the sculpture. - Use other sources of information to find answers to these questions. - Use what they learn about Rosa Parks, the Montgomery County Buss Boycott, and the Civil Rights Movement to produce original illustrations and skits. - Develop their ability to use nonviolent techniques for resolving interpersonal problems through role playing. - Reproduction of Marshall D. Rumbaugh’s Rosa Parks - Opaque projector - Photograph of Rosa Parks - Handout 5: “Chronology of Rosa Park’s Arrest and the Montgomery County Bus Boycott”
Hopwas Woods always draws me back, it’s the wild mysterious part of the Tamworth area. As Henry David Thoreau said in Walden ” Our village life would stagnate were it not for the unexplored forests and meadows which surround it.” People in industrial estates produce objects whereas people in Hopwas produces myths and news stories. Hopwas legend estate! A couple of months back Hopwas was back in the local Tamworth Herald news. The front page stories ran for a couple of weeks on evidence unearthed for occult activities found in the form of engraved copper tablets and Egyptian style statues. The first reaction from the scientific, rational community is usually one of dismissing it out of hand, sometimes angrily,calling them wild stories, children’s pranks to sell newspapers. Another reaction is to ridicule and belittle the stories and people with the resulting bitchiness on both sides. Take a look at the heated exchange on the Tamworth Herald article comments page for example. I think though it´s more interesting than that. Hopwas Hayes as one of the most ancient woodlands in the area together with being on a prominent hill is a prime area for goings on. It´s literally an island of wildness surrounded by thousands if not hundreds of thousands people in largely urban space and productive agricultural land. Woodlands did once play an important economic role in the landscape, they provided fuel, building material, charcoal, hunting areas. Now it´s an anomaly, what the hell is it? where does it fit in the modern world, even the army don´t use it anymore?? A place for walking the dog or is more than that ? It´s a non productive space, there´s no museums, woodland trust initiatives, it´s truly a wild place. Maybe even an affront, insult or even frightening unproductive space to some people, but to others could be the ideal place to act out different non-conventional part of their lives from new age beliefs to tree hugging! Myth becomes reality becomes Myth My effort to describe the full circle story of the occult and Hopwas below: prominent point, ancient woods, thought of as source of energy = pagan practitioners attracted and start performing in woods = witches are caught by local police = local media frenzy = gets lodged in local conciousness= mysterious wood becomes more mysterious = attracts, pagan practitioners, kids messing about, stories, ravers, writers = some people as result may avoid scary wood = current day news story, occult objects are found, firm solid ´archaeological type´evidence is found, Staffordshire hoard style. The process has produced the situation today, a highly charged place full of rumours, attracting and likely to attract certain people from far and wide. This is all good This is not a bad thing though this means the wood has become a fascinating place full of meaning for an increasing number of people. Stories of the occult are extremely attractive they help sell a lot of books, films and as the Tamworth Herald has found out, newspapers. They also help though enquiring minds, people want to find out more. People want to know more about this mysterious place, they´ll add stories to the place. Also there will be people who want to debunk these mysteries by trying to proving them wrong and providing the evidence for the history of Hopwas, thus getting to know the history of Hopwas better. People like me will try to use the interest in the strange happenings in Hopwas as a launchpad for my discoveries and encourage exploration of the area. Others like the West Midlands Ghost club have their own research agenda and will keep adding mystery to the place. Witches and non-witches alike will keep dancing. This is all good, this means Hopwas woods becomes alive with enquiry, exploration for all sorts of people with different approaches and views. This is not something to be scared of there´s enough for everyone, what we should be scared of is the places being ignored. By being ignored it could be condemned, the Woodhouse was a victim of being ignored and looked what happened to it.By being ignored, by not being talked about, and leaving it in the hands of a few, the council, English Heritage, Tarmac, whoever, a lot has been lost over the years and a singular view of history encouraged; all country houses, castles and churches! Adding more to the witches brew i) Egyptian occult objects in the Hopwas area, whatever, Tamworth´s used to them. 19th and early 20th century philanthropist Tamworth resident Reverend William Macgregor(nice link and research here) was also a highly respected Egyptologist, he also had one of the most important collections of Egyptian collections in the United Kingdom. He had the collection quartered in his residence at Bolehall Manor, Tamworth with solid rumours that there are Egyptian mummies buried beneath the Palace cinema, now Mcdonalds(this together with Rev William Macgregor warrants a post or blog of it´s own) ! Tutmania right there in Tamworth! Here´s a video of some strange Egyptian goings on from the great Sun Ra in a place in a forest space somewhere ii. Mysterious ephermeral cottage in Hopwas woods. This bit of historic map detective work on my part could add to that whole Blair witch theme going on in the woods, I´m justing putting out the material evidence, do with it what you will. Use it in novels, campfire stories,…… 1924 Ordnance survey map showing the cottage and grounds next to the canal Between around 1920 and 1940, the Woodman´s cottage appears on ordnance maps. It´s close to the canal and bridge and adjacent to a well trodden raised path parallel to the canal. After WWII it disappears, from maps and from any record, woooooooooooooooooo. (cue me wandering off in white blanket) The cottage appears to have some type of enclosed land, haven´t inspected it in person, but on this Lidar image of Hopwas you can clearly make out the cleft out piece of land on the hillside where the cottage probably once stood, is there any more evidence on the ground? what´s the story behind this place? Lidar image of Hopwas and canal, with cleft out piece of between path and canal
Fri January 25, 2013 Exxon More Golden Than Apple Again Apple stock has dropped sharply since it announced earnings that disappointed analysts. Now the tech tastemaker is paying another price, losing its crown as the world's most valuable company to Exxon Mobil. Exxon's market capitalization, the total value of its outstanding stock, was about $417 billion Friday. Apple's was about $413 billion. "The move comes exactly one year after Apple previously surpassed Exxon on its road to most valuable U.S. company of all-time," The Wall Street Journal notes. "Apple's slide has been fast and furious. The gap between Apple and Exxon widened to as much as $240 billion in September. ... Since then, Apple shares have slid more than 35%." On Thursday alone, Apple's stock sank more than 12 percent, to $450.50 per share. Early Friday afternoon, it was down an additional 2.6 percent. "Apple's stock price peaked in September at $705.07 on the day the iPhone 5 was released," the Associated Press said. "Exxon, in the meantime, has been trading steady. Its business — oil — seems less prone to stock market ups and downs than the Cupertino, Calif.-based tech darling." For a long while, Apple seemed it could do no wrong, selling millions of iPhones and iPads and growing its profits along with those sales. But while its sales remain strong, Apple's market share in the smartphone and tablet markets has slipped amid strong competition from Samsung and other rivals. Bloomberg News says at least 20 analysts lowered their projections for Apple's stock after the company reported slower growth on Wednesday. Abhey Lamba, an analyst at Mizuho Securities USA, told Bloomberg: "This is a big shift in the company's position from a year ago. The growth has slowed down much faster than we anticipated." Apple's stock took a hit after unconfirmed reports that it was cutting orders to iPhone suppliers, indicating that demand was weakening. "Others were concerned by CEO Tim Cook's remarks during the Wednesday conference call, when he indicated Apple would not reconsider the iPhone's smaller 3.5- and 4-inch screen size at a time when many fast-selling smartphones offer larger screens," the San Jose Mercury News reported. But the biggest question analysts have for Apple is, what have you done lately? "It has been nearly three years since a new product has come from a company still seen as the embodiment of innovation," the AP writes. "That last product, the iPad, came in 2010, when its CEO Steve Jobs was still alive. Some analysts question whether Apple can keep growing by just releasing new versions of its old products. The long-rumored Apple TV, is still just that, a rumor." (Avie Schneider is NPR.org's business editor.)
Stephen Green lays out an excellent set of reasons why it doesn’t matter what the President and the Congress do over the next few days; the federal budget and deficit won’t be fixed by any of the proposals now being offered. I have one factoid to throw out in addition. It doesn’t matter what tax rates are. Since WW2, federal tax collections have always been more or less 19% of GDP. Because people, especially rich people, plan their affairs with tax consequences in mind, riaising rates slows economic growth so that collections invariably fall short of expectations. Lowering rates stimulates growth so that the feds get 19% of a bigger pie. Mr. Green seems to understand this basic law of economics.
The following photos were sent by David Stafford. I'm not sure whether a couple of these have already featured in the past but, if so, it's a pleasure to show them again :) Tram Depot - Lewis Street Inside the Tram Depot. Gee Cross Tram outside Depot Lewis Street Depot Unidentified spot, possibly next to Gerrards, Gee Cross Trams at Hyde Market Two Trams next to Hyde Market Square Many Thanks, David. Information from Maloney "Tramcars never ran further along Mottram Road than the tram shed. It was in 1897 that the first tram tracks were laid between Oldham and Gee Cross by the "British Electrical Pioneer Company," the electrical tram car was the latest fad of the times. In 1896, the company obtained a provisional act for the construction of an electrical tram system from Oldham through Ashton, Audenshaw, Denton and Hyde and Gee Cross. Construction on the tramway commenced in 1897 and was completed in 1899. After the laying of the tracks was completed to Gee Cross, the regular service began on Monday June 12th 1899. Electrical tram cars, as they were called, were a convenient way for people to travel between Oldham and Gee Cross, as they made frequent stops at popular places along the route. There were sixteen tramcars and they commenced running at noon each day. The car ran the whole length from Oldham to Gee Cross. The electrical tramcar service from Hyde to Stockport commenced on January 1st, 1903. Before the electrical tramcar service the route from Hyde to Ashton was different. The section of the road from the Hollow Brow (Newton Street) past Cartwright and Rattray's (Waterlows) had not been constructed. So the horse drawn buses went up past Flowery Field Church and down Throstle Bank Street before turning on Dukinfield Road".
Welcome to Fast and Friendly French for Fun, A Beginner's Guide to French! These pages are intended to further your understanding of la langue d'amour (the language of love). The ten lessons may be viewed in order by clicking here; you may choose individual lessons by clicking here. Also, use the button bar at the bottom of each page to aid your navigation. About the Team This site best heard with Sign Our Guestbook View Our Guestbook "Fast and Friendly French for Fun: A Beginner's Guide to French" is a ThinkQuest '98 project by Amy, Gregory and Jaclyn. All content is copyright the authors.
Over The River Legal Update In an effort to keep you updated on developments on the legal front, Christo wanted to let you know that Over The River today filed to intervene in the federal lawsuit that an opposition group, ROAR, filed against the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in early 2012. The complaint filed by ROAR contains several allegations, including that the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) analysis conducted by the BLM did not adequately examine or mitigate potential environmental impacts and that it violates the Federal Land Policy and Management Act. It asks the federal court to set aside BLM’s approval of Over The River until the BLM has "fully complied with their obligations under federal law." Christo feels strongly that the BLM analysis was thorough and complete. It was the first EIS ever conducted on a temporary work of art and includes well over 100 specific measures to mitigate impacts on bighorn sheep, birds, traffic, safety, and much more. The outcome of this lawsuit is critical to Christo moving forward with the temporary work of art. Because the interests of this project are directly affected by this lawsuit, Christo decided it was in the best interests of Over The River to intervene and join BLM in its defense of the EIS and of its decision to grant the permit last fall. Christo remains eager to get these legal challenges behind him so he can move forward with realizing Over The River. We will continue to keep you updated on legal developments as they occur.
May 3, 2008 Large percentage of children with no health insurance go without care all year. Nationwide, uninsured children in families earning between $38,000 and $77,000 a year are just as likely to go without any health care as uninsured children in poorer families. More than 40 percent of children in those income brackets who are uninsured all year see no physicians and have no prescriptions all year, according to new research from the University of Rochester Medical Center. "There's an assumption that children in families with higher income levels don't need insurance, that they are uninsured but are somehow still receiving health care anyway," said Laura Shone, Dr.P.H., M.S.W., an assistant professor of pediatrics at the University of Rochester Medical Center and author of the study being presented today at the Pediatric Academic Societies meeting in Honolulu, Hawaii. "This study shows that in reality, a large percentage of these children don't receive any care at all -- which pediatricians say is unacceptable, and parents know is unrealistic. Even healthy, older children need to see their physicians at least once over the course of a year." Overall, almost 3 million uninsured children had no medical care and no prescription use for a full year, according to an analysis of nationally representative data from the 2004 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey. Of those, about 1.6 million children may qualify for public coverage but are not enrolled, and about 1 million more could be covered through expansions that were proposed yet vetoed at the national level in late 2007. The percentage of uninsured children who forego all health care for a full year is: - 55 percent at 0 to 100 percent of the federal poverty level ($0 to $19,157 for a family of four) - 51 percent at 101 to 200 percent of the federal poverty level ($19,158 to $38,314) - 42 percent at 201 to 300 percent of the federal poverty level ($38,315 to $57,471) - 44 percent at 301 to 400 percent of the federal poverty level ($57,472 to $76,628) - 30 percent for those over 400 percent of the federal poverty level ($78,629 and above) Since 1997, the national State Children's Health Insurance Program has provided health insurance to low-income children who are not eligible for Medicaid and do not have private coverage. Under the federal law, states received grants of federal dollars to help with costs of insurance expansions, and they had several options for how to expand coverage for children using those dollars. A pediatric research team at the University of Rochester Medical Center has been studying Child Health Plus (New York's state-specific plan beginning in 1991, which in 1997, received federal approval to become the state's SCHIP plan) since its inception. Earlier research by this team has shown that the program greatly increases children's access to primary care, preventive care, as well as other needed health care. SCHIP markedly reduces children's unmet health care needs and reduces pre-existing racial disparities in access, unmet need and continuity of care. Parents of children with asthma and special health care needs were more satisfied and better able to afford care and medications for their child's condition once enrolled. When the program came up for federal renewal last year, there were several sources of disagreement over whether to expand the program. In addition to debating the potential funding source for the expansion, the executive and legislative branches held different expectations as to how often families would leave private insurance for the public program, particularly at the higher income levels (200 to 400 percent of the federal poverty level). Congress has extended SCHIP at flat funding, with no expansion. Questions remain about whether current funding will continue to cover those already enrolled. Since expansion was vetoed at the national level, New York's Governor David Paterson has signed state-level proposals to expand Child Health Plus in New York using only state monies. Several other states are considering similar state-level expansions. Other social bookmarking and sharing tools: Note: Materials may be edited for content and length. For further information, please contact the source cited above. Note: If no author is given, the source is cited instead.
It’s that time of year again, the time where we showcase the most stunning weddings that have graced the pages of SMP throughout the year as picked by you, our lovely SMP readers. It’s our third annual edition (here’s 2010 and here’s 2011), and boy is this year’s just beyond. Like beyond, beyond. We are putting the finishing touches on all the pretty pages, but we thought – since you picked the weddings through commenting, favoriting and liking – why not leave it up to you to pick the cover too? SMPers obviously have fabulous taste – so let us know which of the six covers below you want on your 2013 Best of SMP Magazine cover by leaving a comment below and enter to win a signed copy of Style Me Pretty Weddings! We’re picking FIVE winners! Here’s the deal. To vote for your favorite cover, simple write the number corresponding to your favorites above in our comments section. At midnight TONIGHT, we’re closing the voting down to choose the big winner. From there, we’ll randomly select one of your comments as the lucky winner to receive an autographed copy of Style Me Pretty Weddings… To Vote: Leave a comment below noting your favorite pick for our 2013 Magazine Cover. Deadline: Tonight, January 10th, 2013 at Midnight (pacific standard time) COVER IMAGES: 1: Photography by Jose Villa / 2: Photography by Jana Williams Photography / 3: Photography by Rylee Hitchner Photography / 4: Photography by Mi Belle Inc. / 5: Photography by Lauren Ross Photography / 6: Photography by Jose Villa
Here is a video taken of Michael Woodhouse at a public forum at Otago University in July. He quite clearly states that he is opposed to the Bill in its current form (ie the form that it is in right now). Today, in the Third Reading Michael Woodhouse and other National MPs will vote to pass the Bill into law. Michael also goes on to assure people that the Bill in its current form won’t pass into law this year. I have heard from other students that is the same commitment they got from other National MPs. This was misleading students and the National MPs should be ashamed of themselves. They heard the evidence at the Select Committee, and they know that tertiary institutions do not want the Bill, the vast majority of other submitters do not want the Bill, but they are still supporting the ideological crusade of their crumbling coalition partner. Michael also suggests that Labour should promote the ‘opt out’ compromise solution. We did. It was rejected by ACT and National. So the question for Michael Woodhouse (and other National MPs) is, why will he vote to pass a Bill today that he does not support and that he knows will destroy student services and advocacy?
Note: This message is displayed if (1) your browser is not standards-compliant or (2) you have you disabled CSS. Read our Policies for more information. The division issued nearly 2000 phytosanitary certificates carrying mostly Indiana produced commodities to approximately 80 different nations around the world in addition to separate shipments to United States states, protectorates, and territories. The division successfully treated nearly 20, 000 acres of Indiana to control gypsy moth. The control efforts were effective and successful. The public was kept informed regarding all aspects of the operation on the DNR Web site, by direct mailings to approximately 30, 000 residents, press releases, and radio and television coverage. Surveys for exotic pests, conducted throughout the state, resulted in the discovery of several new pest species from Asia and Europe. These pests will be monitored and treated next year. Infested materials were destroyed. Preliminary surveys have been conducted in northern Indiana for the Emerald Ash Borer, a new pest from Asia which kills ash trees. A large area around Detroit, Michigan, has been infested with this tree killing pest. The division has conducted training for its staff in the Detroit area. Dr. Waltz, division director, served as one of six specialists on the U.S.D.A. Science Panel regarding this pest outbreak. The division provided information on West Nile Virus and mosquito management to DNR property holding divisions. Dr. Waltz, division director, is privileged to serve on the Governor's West Nile Virus Task Force. All 550 production nurseries in Indiana were inspected and certified. Improved services have been provided to the Nursery industry through a nursery pest report that is provided free to any nursery wanting it. The report tells what pests are being found by DNR inspectors in which parts of the state. The data is used to better control the amount of pesticides used and efficacy of treatments for nurseries by knowing more about the biology of the pests. One of our most successful endeavors during the current biennium was to open the new Indiana State Museum on May 22, 2002. Thanks to many years of hard work and great vision, Indiana has created a permanent showplace for our past and our future. The public and media response and comparative analysis of similar institutions indicates that, in terms of physical plant and quality of exhibits, the new museum is in the top tier of public cultural institutions in the nation. The state historic sites experienced major changes in 2002. To adjust to their shrinking budget, a comprehensive plan was developed to determine which historic sites might benefit from collaboration or replacement management. To this end, the Col. William Jones site in Gentryville became part of the adjacent Lincoln State Park, where the cultural interpretation is enhanced by the addition of the historic home and log barn. The Mansfield Roller Mill was transferred to the nearby Raccoon State Recreation Area where the management staff had already assumed responsibility for the Mill's operations. In addition, an informal agreement was created with the Scott County Preservation Alliance to oversee the maintenance of the Pigeon Roost State Historic Site. Negotiations will continue through the 2003-05 biennium to make Historic New Harmony a truly unified program by making all on-site management and staff supervision the responsibility of the director of Historic New Harmony. Changes in the management of the Gene Stratton Porter and Limberlost State Historic Sites are also being examined. The wetlands restoration project at the Limberlost State Historic Site (a little more than 1000 acres) will be transferred to the DNR Division of Nature Preserves early in 2003. A friends advisory council, consisting of representatives from all historic sites friends groups, was established and quarterly meetings were held. Topics at the meetings ranged from updates on legislative initiatives to advice on operating gift shops. ?Much work was done on a strategic plan with specific objectives for the historic sites, and preliminary marketing research was accomplished for each Site. A new initiative requiring all historic site managers to attend the eleven classes in the Management Training Institute has resulted in more consistent management throughout the sites. Several historic site managers participate on the Board of the Association of Indiana Museums and organized their annual meeting in the new Indiana State Museum Aug. 1 and 2, 2002. The Limberlost State Historic Site emphasized the Indiana Heritage Trust's tenth year anniversary during the site's annual Nature Days Special Event. The Levi Coffin State Historic Site was in the news several times during the year, culminating in the dedication of the new Historic marker, the first in the Nation to carry the Underground Railroad logo, in October 2002. Angel Mounds experienced the first year in their expanded visitor center, complete with new interactive exhibits. The Culbertson Mansion in New Albany has undergone a complete exterior restoration, ending this year with new slate roofing and gutters. The demolition and reconstruction of the interior of the Boys and Girls Club in Madison for the Lanier/Madison Visitor Center will be complete in the winter of 2002-03. Water lines from State Road 46 to the T.C. Steele State Historic Site have been installed in anticipation of the new fire suppression system, to be installed this winter. A greatly enhanced Farmer's Market next to the Old State Bank at the Vincennes State Historic Site promises to offer more collaboration between the community and the site. In addition, the Old Northwest Corporation in Vincennes has agreed to become the friends support group for this site. Creative problem solving at the Whitewater Canal State Historic Site utilized equipment from the Division of State Parks and Reservoirs as well as the Indiana Department of Transportation to help with the recurring silting problem in the canal. ?Lt. Governor Hospitality Awards honored the President of the Friends of Limberlost, a full time employee at the Corydon State Historic Site and a volunteer at the Grissom Air Museum State Historic Site. Gene Stratton Porter site manager received the state's highest honor of the "Sagamore of the Wabash." The state historic sites employees are uncommonly dedicated, and turn-over is very rare. With Gene Stratton Porter State Historic site manager Margie Sweeney's retirement and the death of the Vincennes State Historic Site manager and southwest regional supervisor Bill Menke, the loss is deeply felt. The historic sites Administrative staff (director, deputy director and chief of interpretation and education) culled files, archived documents, and moved their offices into the new Indiana State Museum in February of 2002. Archaeology (Staff: 4) - Sixty-seven accidental discoveries, including accidental discovery of human remains or artifacts, reports of site and burial ground violations, reviews of professional archaeology investigation permits Mining Review Projects - Ninety-eight project submittals received through November 30, 2002 Non-Mining Review Projects - 2,350 submittals received through November 30, 2002 (additional 60 expected by December 31, 2002) Sites Documented and Recorded - 740 new site numbers issued to record documented archaeological sites Records Checks (assisting archaeologists with site information deposited at the DHPA) - 159 through November 30, 2002 (additional 10 expected through December 31, 2002) - Expanded from Archaeology Week due to popularity and public demand: includes staff lectures, presentations, demonstrations, artifact identifications, and other public events to educate and promote Archaeology in Indiana. Posters, T-shirts, coloring books, "Archaeology in Your Community" information, and a variety of curriculum materials made available to the public. Completed Revolutionary War and War of 1812 Project: National Park Service program to research and document sites in Indiana related to this period and these conflicts. - Five Battle Sites in Indiana - Fort Harrison (Vigo Co.), also associated historic site - Fort Wayne (Allen Co.), also associated historic site - Mississinewa Battlefield (Grant Co.) - Battle of Tippecanoe (Tippecanoe Co.) - George Rogers Clark National Historical Park (Knox Co.) - Three Associated Historic Sites - Prophetstown (Tippecanoe Co.) DHPA Grant Participation - Reviewed and administered 7 archaeological Historic Preservation Fund archaeological grant projects and one Wabash Heritage Corridor archaeological grant project. Technical and Other Assistance and Services - Archaeological investigations and advice for Prophetstown State Park for the divisions of Engineering and State Parks and Reservoirs - Hiring, training, and supervision of a new Division of Forestry archaeologist - Supervision of and close consultation with the Division of Reclamation archaeologist - Continuing work with Hamilton County Parks concerning preservation, protection, and investigations of numerous archaeological sites on their parks property, especially in the Strawtown area - Archaeological and archival investigations at Tell City Chair Company site; - Technical assistance to Conservation Officers - Technical assistance to persons with concerns about cemeteries and burial grounds; technical assistance with and review of National Register nominations; - Promulgation of rules for development plans for construction within 100 feet of cemeteries or burial grounds - consultations and meetings for site stabilization at Angel Mounds State Historic Site - Assistance to Division of Public Information and Education regarding archaeological issues Native American Council - Staffing and attendance to the Native American Council, six times per year plus other assistance. State archaeologist is the secretary to the council Historic Structures Review (Staff: 3) Federal and State Reviews - January 1, 2002 through November 30, 2002: 3,030 submissions received (3,300 expected by December 31, 2002) - 85 percent subject to Section 106 Review - 15 percent subject to State Review Grants and Administration (Staff: 2) Completed Historic Preservation Fund matching grant projects for federal fiscal year 2001 - Lafayette/Tippecanoe Co. National Register Nominations: 3 historic districts listed (New Chauncey, Hills & Dales, Dayton), 1 comprehensive district survey (Vinton Woods) - Christian Ridge (Frankfort, Clinton Co.) Historic District National Register Nomination - Dekalb County Survey - Howard county Survey - Publication of Jasper, Sullivan, Whitley County Interim Reports - Kessler Park and Boulevard Plan National Register Nomination - Update and Reprint of LaPorte County Interim Report - North Manchester Historic District National Register Nomination (Wabash Co.) - Sandcreek Township (Bartholomew Co.) Survey - State-Owned Historic Property Survey and Database, Phase I - Swinney Park and Memorial Park (Fort Wayne, Allen Co.) Cultural Landscape Reports - Delaware Settlement on the White River Archaeology Survey (Ball State University) - Greene and Daviess County Archaeological Survey (Indiana State University) - Huddleston Farmhouse Archaeological Investigation (Historic Landmarks Foundation) - North Central and Northeast Indiana Settlement Archaeological Survey and Investigation (Indiana-Purdue University at Fort Wayne) - Next Step Education Through Archaeology College Preparatory Program (Martin University, Indianapolis, Marion Co.) - AME Church Acquisition (Madison, Jefferson Co.) - Banneker Center Gym Roof Replacement (Bloomington, Monroe Co.) - Cambridge City Waterworks Building Window and Door Rehabilitation (Wayne Co.) - Double Log Cabin Roof Rehabilitation (New Harmony, Posey Co.) - Johnson County Museum Exterior Rehabilitation (Franklin, Johnson Co.) - LaGrange County Courthouse Tower Rehabilitation (LaGrange) - Legg House Stabilization and Rehabilitation (Bloomington, Monroe Co.) - McGrady House Roof and Gutter Rehabilitation (Vincennes, Knox Co.) - Propylaeum Masonry and Porch Rehabilitation (Indianapolis, Marion Co.) - Danville Courthouse Square National Register Nomination (Danville, Hendricks Co.) - Deer Creek Valley Rural Historic District National Register Nomination (Carroll Co.) - Elwood Commercial Historic District National Register Nomination (Madison Co.) - Lakeside Park Cultural Landscape Report and Oakdale Historic District Brochure (Fort Wayne, Allen Co.) - Logansport Architectural Walking Tour Brochure (Cass Co.) - Preservation Technology Training Workshops and Lab Equipment (Ball State University, Muncie, Delaware Co.) - Floyd Co. Site 12Fl73 Archaeological Investigation (University of Kentucky) - Potawatomi Villages Archaeology Survey and Investigation (University of Notre Dame) - Rockshelter Resources Archaeological Survey and Investigation (Indiana-Purdue University at Fort Wayne) - Patterson House/Fairmount Historical Museum Utilities Upgrade (Fairmount, Grant Co.) - Rockhill-Tyler House Interior Rehabilitation (Fort Wayne, Allen Co.) - Wilson School Masonry and roof Rehabilitation (Muncie, Delaware Co.) Completed Historic Preservation Fund Cooperative Agreements - 2002 Cornelius O'Brien Conference on Historic Preservation - 2001 Indiana Main Street Conference - Wabash River Heritage Corridor Brochure Reprinting - Scholarships for the National Alliance of Preservation Commissions Forum - 2002 Landscape Symposium - Cemetery Workshop - 2002 Underground Railroad Summit - Midwest Historic Preservation Symposium - Historic Schools Symposium - Student Conservation Association Summer Internship - National Road Workshop Completed In-House Projects - 2002 Grassroots Preservation Roundup - 2003-2004 Historic Indiana - Preserving Indiana Newsletter Template - Publication of Underground Railroad Research Papers - 2002 Historic Bridge Calendar Completed Wabash River Heritage Corridor Fund matching grants - Paul Dresser Birthplace Rehabilitation (Terre Haute, Vigo Co.) - Harmony on the Wabash Exhibit, New Harmony Workingmen's Institute (Posey Co.) Continued Covenant Monitoring of more than 45 properties statewide Initiation of 18 Historic Preservation Fund matching grant projects for federal fiscal year 2002 Receipt and review of 43 grant applications for Historic Preservation Fund matching grant program for federal fiscal year 2003. Registration and Survey (Staff: 2) State and National Register Application Activity - Responded to approximately 175 requests for National Register application packets - Begun the process of making National Register packet materials available online linked to the division's Web site - Processed 59 applications to place Indiana properties on the National Register of Historic Places (46 properties approved by the Review Board were listed) - Processed 2 applications to place Indiana properties on the Indiana Register of Historic Sites and Structures (State Register); (3 properties were listed in the State Register only by staff action or Review Board action) National Historic Landmark Activity - Completed the NIL boundary increase for the New Harmony NHL district (NPS action pending) - Provided SHPO comment on 2 NHL nominations (Allen County Courthouse, Oldfields) - Acquired the state's 33rd NHL - tugboat "Donald B" - Provided the National Park Service with condition/threat assessments for all Indiana NHLs State Survey Activity - Three county surveys of above-ground resources were conducted - Initiated the resurvey of one county (Posey) - Two survey reports (Historic Sites and Structures Interim Reports) were published - Phase 1 of the statewide survey of state-owned properties was completed - Coordinated the planning for the 34th annual Cornelius O'Brien Conference on Historic Preservation which was held in Terre Haute on September 19-21. Tax Credits, Architectural and Technical Services (Staff: 1) Commercial Tax Credits - The Architectural section has processed approval for 18 completed Commercial projects during the past year, 22 new project applications initiated - total construction value of $38,000,000 - leveraged $7,368,129 Federal Rehabilitation Investment tax credits - assisted by $936,586 Indiana State Rehabilitation Investment tax credits - Net of 436 new or rehabilitated housing units. - Net of 413 new or rehabilitated low-moderate income housing units - Highlight adaptive use of Cannelton Mill, National Historic Landmark property, previously listed as threatened. Homeowner Tax Credits - Highlight new program initiated this year: 14 projects filed to date - The Architectural section has processed approval for 6 completed Owner Occupied residence projects during the past year - total construction value 434,844 - assisted by $86,967 Indiana State Rehabilitation Investment tax credits The Architectural section has received and responded to 16 requests regarding activities at Fort Benjamin Harrison - Construction work on the new Prophetstown State Park was started. Water lines have been extended to the park. Construction is nearing completion on a grade separation between S.R. 225 and the main park road. Construction has begun on roads inside the park. Rehabilitation work has been completed on an existing building which was converted into a park office and service area. - Federal grants totaling $2,650,000 were awarded to DNR under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (TEA-21) program. These grants were awarded for projects at Prophetstown State Park (bicycle trail), Atterbury Fish & Wildlife Area (renovation of historic iron bridge), Wyandotte Woods State Recreation Area (renovation of historic hay press), and Cataract Falls Recreation Area/Brown County State Park (renovation of covered bridges). - Federal grant for $382,000 was awarded to DNR for renovation work on four covered bridges located at Cataract Falls State Recreation Area, Brown County State Park, Shades State Park, and Turkey Run State Park. - Six mechanical wastewater treatment plants were replaced with constructed wetlands. These wetlands utilize natural processes to treat the wastewater with minimal maintenance and low power usage. - Major repairs and upgrades to the Whitewater Lake Dam, at Whitewater State Park, were completed. The upgrades increased the ability of the spillway to safely handle large storms, bringing it up to current dam safety standards. - Major renovation work to Canyon Inn, at McCormick’s Creek State Park, was completed. The work involved major improvements to the building mechanical/electrical systems, as well as improvements to public areas of the inn. - New or expanded nature centers were completed at Mounds State Park and Salamonie Reservoir. The nature center at Salamonie Reservoir is open to the public, while the nature center at Mounds will open in spring of 2003. - The campground electrical system at Tippecanoe River State Park was upgraded to provide better electrical service at each camp site, and bring the facility up to current electrical safety standards. - The Division of Fish and Wildlife launched on-line hunting and fishing licensing earlier in the year. Hunters and anglers purchased 14,230 licenses via the service in 2002. - Indiana’s public access crew developed innovative new designs for providing physically challenged sportsmen and women a way to board boats more easily at access sites. Boat wells and shoreline platforms designs are working well and may become models for use throughout the state and country. - Seven state records were broken this year for catches of the largest muskellunge, walleye, hybrid striped bass, warmouth, buffalo, longnose gar, and grass carp. Management of the first three species in public waters by state fisheries professionals has developed excellent fisheries that are gaining notoriety regionally and in national fishing periodicals. - Fish and Wildlife Properties hosted more than 91,000 hunters: Small Game 28,129 - DNR wildlife biologists worked with private landowners to create Wildlife habitat on 2,500 acres enrolled in the Wildlife Habitat Improvement Program (WHIP) during 2002, utilizing $262,000 in Farm Bill funds. - Wildlife habitat on 78,000 acres enrolled in Indiana's classified wildlife habitat program. - Wildlife habitat on 1,508 acres through DNR's wildlife habitat cost-share program. Total cost of habitat development was $137,568 with $68,237 being provided through the program. - The Division of Fish and Wildlife and the Board of Animal Health geared up to test the non-domestic cervid population for Chronic Wasting Disease (CWD). More than 3,000 white-tailed deer heads were collected statewide for CWD testing. - The Grand Kankakee Marsh Restoration project reported 143 acres acquired and 183.5 acres restored. The South West Indiana Four Rivers Project reported 2,068 acres acquired, 874 acres restored and 142 acres enhanced. Funding included $650,000 from state funds, and approximately $195,000 in private organization funds. - Harvest data from the 2002 spring wild turkey season indicates a record harvest for the 33rd year with 10,575 birds harvested from 80 of the 90 counties open to hunting. - More than 103,000 deer were legally harvested in Indiana during 2001. This harvest was a 4 percent increase from the 98,725 deer harvested during 2000. Compared to 2000, the antlered buck harvest of 48,357 represented an 8 percent increase from last year, and the anterless harvest of 54,806 was up 1 percent. The increase in harvest can be attributed to the division's effort from 1994 - 1997 to reduce the statewide deer population and the effort in 1998 - 2000 to begin stabilizing the population by slightly reducing anterless harvest. - DNR officials initiated the Wildlife Conservation and Restoration (WCRP Grant program) which will provide the Department with access to $800,000 of WCRP funding and $1.3 million of State Wildlife Grant funding for species most in need of conservation. - Fish and Wildlife biologists partnered with Nature Preserves to develop competitive grant applications totaling more than $3 million. These grants, which are based on the Landowner Incentive Program and Endangered Species Habitat Conservation Program, will be used to benefit a wide range of species, especially those rare species most in need of conservation. - Indiana stocked 224,797 coho salmon and 253,000 chinook salmon into Lake Michigan waters in response to the state anglers requests to alter state stocking priorities. Eggs for these species are received from Michigan in an annual trade for other fish that Indiana produces. - The department completed the first phase of the fish community restoration and monitoring effort in the zone affected by the 1999 White River fish kill. More than 295,000 fish were stocked in 2002. Nearly 960,000 fish have been stocked since the kill. - A major fisheries renovation was completed at 358-acre Waveland Lake in Parke and Montgomery counties, removing the dominant shad and restoring the future for quality bluegill fishing in those waters. - Indiana state biologists and Purdue University veterinarians joined other states in tracking the incidence and impact of a new fish disease, largemouth bass virus, in several lakes in northern Indiana. - Construction is well underway on the Leavenworth-Lang-Cole Hay Press Barn project at Wyandotte Woods SRA, and the project completion date is early 2003. This project is funded in large part by a TEA-21 Enhancement Grant from the Federal Highway Administration. - The Community and Urban Forestry (CUF) Program coordinated the Festival of Growth at the Governor's residence. Approximately 500 people attended. CUF staff developed and introduced the new Urban Forestry Inventory Program to Indiana cities and towns. The computerized program allows users to inventory and assess urban forest trees and other urban forest management features. - Between February and May of 2002 the Division of Forestry conducted eleven (11) open houses, one on each of the state forest complexes. Each property prepared displays (stations) covering the following areas of interest: Recreation Management, Resource Management, Land Management, Community Affairs, Property Direction and Staffing/Budget/Revenues. Attendance at the open houses varied from a low of 22 to a high of 121. A total of 581 people registered at the open houses and a total of 174 comment sheets containing 231 total comments were received. - Forestry mobilized 210 people to assist in the suppression of the catastrophic western fires. The US Forest Service reimburses 100 percent of the cost. - The Division of Forestry's sale of tree seedlings continues to be a popular conservation program. More than five million tree seedlings of 50 species (mostly hardwood) are planted annually for timber, windbreaks, wildlife food and habitat, watershed and soil protection, reclamation and education. - The continued containment of the forest Gypsy moth pest to a geographic band in northern Indiana continues to be a success story. Gypsy moth is a non-native pest that is advancing into Indiana from the northeast. The caterpillars feed on the foliage of many host plants-oaks are the preferred species but most other tree and shrub species will be defoliated in the absence of oaks. Gypsy moth has defoliated millions of acres of forest in the northeastern US and caused extensive mortality. - The Classified Forest program (I 6-1.1-6) provides incentives for owners to retain and manage forestlands and now surpasses an enrollment of 420,000 acres (>11 percent of Indiana's private forestlands) and 8,000 landowners. These lands provide all the benefits of forested land directly to landowners and indirectly to all citizens of the state. - A DNR Team, consisting of personnel from the Divisions of Forestry, Water, Soil Conservation, Engineering and State Parks and Reservoirs successfully breached Shaw Lake in Yellowwood State Forest. This was a small isolated lake that was found to have safety deficiencies and to be a hazard to downstream residents. Estimated cost of repair was in excess of $400,000, and the breach was completed at a small fraction of this cost. - The Forest Legacy program provides long-term forest protection through the use of conservation easements. Indiana has protected an additional 1,600 acres through the Forest Legacy program in 2002 and received a $1.1 million federal grant to extend this protection to an additional 1,600 acres. - The Division of Forestry received a $587,250 grant from the Fish & Wildlife Service to begin development of a Habitat Conservation Plan (HCP) for the Indiana bat on Indiana state forests. The Indiana bat (Myotis sodalis) is one of only two federally endangered mammals found in Indiana. This plan is to encompass Indiana's state forest system, which includes approximately 150,000 acres statewide. State forests provide large wooded areas that serve as summer habitat and also have caves in which a large proportion of endangered Indiana bats hibernate. These caves are considered essential to the continued survival of the species. The proposed HCP will be the first to address Indiana bat management concerns on an actively managed forest, providing a positive model for other states and forest managers. It is expected that the development of the HCP will take up to 3 years to complete. Once completed, the HCP has the potential to benefit more than 30 other state-listed or special concern species, which also use similar portions of Indiana's state forest system. - While there are early indications that the amount of forestland in Indiana is on the decline, for the first time since the 1920s there is encouraging news that an increasing number of Indiana's forest owners are helping conserve the forests which remain. Indiana's private forestland assistance programs focus on establishing new forests, retaining existing forests and increasing stewardship and restoration practices on those lands. Nature Preserve Dedications - Eight nature preserves were dedicated in 2002. They include Alum Creek Hollow in Clark State Forest; Shroeder’s Fern Cove, Clark County; McCormick’s Cove, in McCormick’s Creek State Park; The Narrows, Harrison County; Buddha Karst, Lawrence County; Stout Woods, Henry County; Chelsea Flatwoods, Jefferson County; and Bluffs of Beaver Bend, Martin County. Indiana's nature preserve system now consists of 189 nature preserves, encompassing 25,881 acres. Public Access - A new parking lot and trail were installed at Big Walnut Nature Preserve, Putnam County, providing an excellent opportunity for hikers and nature lovers to visit this high quality natural area. In cooperation with the Fulton County Parks Department, a parking lot and trail were installed at the Judy Burton Nature Preserve on Lake Manitou. The trail traverses through upland fields, shoreline lake overlooks, and islands in the wetland system. Public Dedications - Public ceremonies celebrating the protection of several areas by partnerships matching use of Heritage Trust funding were held at Coulter Sand Prairie, Porter County, Granville Sand Barrens, Tippecanoe County, and Little Calumet Headwaters (Camp Red Mill), LaPorte County. Invasives - Biological control of purple loosestrife is proving to be effective, and its use continues to spread. In addition to the existing biocontrol insects, a new insect that feeds on loosestrife flowers was released in 2002. Biological controls are being researched for possible future use against garlic mustard and perhaps other invasives. The regional ecologists continue to employ techniques to reclaim areas contaminated by invasives. The division is an active participant in the Invasive Plant Species Assessment Working Group. Endangered Species Coordinators’ Conference - The DNR (Nature Preserves, and Fish and Wildlife's Nongame Program) hosted eight midwestern states and the US Fish and Wildlife Service in sessions concerned with funding and conservation of endangered species. Office Automation/Streamlining - In order to compensate for the loss of the division's clerical staff, and to economize, phones were automated, and procurement and payroll functions were shared with the Division of Outdoor Recreation. Ginseng - In 2001, 52 ginseng dealers certified 7,048.7 pounds of ginseng, valued at $1.5 million, for export from Indiana. Public Relations - Staff gave 28 talks, presentations, and hikes to a variety of organizations, agencies, and school groups. Articles and papers were written for Outdoor Indiana and the Academy of Science, we provided a display at the State Fair, and updated/improved our web site. Reviews/Permits - Staff reviewed 312 public lake dockets, 528 DNR early coordinations, 21 coal permits, and 136 water dockets. Sixty-one collecting and research permits were issued. Monitoring - Vegetation was assessed for deer browse damage at numerous State Parks and Nature Preserves, several deer exclosures were installed, Kramer Woods was completely censused as a 10 year follow-up to the original work done by Dr. Damien Schmelz, rare plants were monitored at a number of preserves, and loosestrife plots were assessed to measure the effectiveness of the biocontrol. Management - A controlled deer hunt was held at Twin Swamps Nature Preserve, Posey County. Division staff, with help from others, conducted prescribed burns were conducted at 16 nature preserves (625 acres). Contractors burned an additional four burns. Inventory - A number of rare plant locations were found. Some of the discoveries include Oklahoma sedge, believed to be extirpated, Hall's bullrush, under consideration for federal listing, and frogbit, new to Indiana. Insect surveys were conducted at a number of preserves. Staff completed rare plant surveys and invasive plant surveys on the Hoosier National Forest. Ongoing Projects and Partnerships Division staff continue to be actively involved in a number of projects and partnerships, including: Little Calumet River floodplain mitigation, Grand calumet River NRDA, Integrated Bird Conservation Planning Group, three North American Waterfowl Conservation Act projects, White River restoration, IUPUI student service learning. The division has received several grants, totaling $700,000, to conduct restoration, through the Coastal Program, State Wildlife Grants, and GLNPO. Grant proposals totaling $1.7 million were prepared and submitted for funding from the USFWS Landowner Incentive Program. Elkhart County completed acquisition of lands adjacent to Elkhart Bog, in conjunction with a FONSI agreement. Boundary disputes at Beaver Lake (Newton County) and Moraine (Porter County) Nature Preserves continue to be in need of legal resolution. Tornados damaged Chamberlain Lake NP and Beanblossom Bottoms NP. - During 2002 the division began implementation of a new Annual Well Fee and Bonding program. The program is expected to raise approximately $200,000 annually in dedicated funds for the closure of orphaned wellsites in Indiana. - During the USEPA's last evaluation of the division's Underground Injection Control (UIC) program in December 2000 the division was cited as having "one of the best well-managed and most effective Class II UIC programs in the region, and perhaps the nation." - During 2002 the division implemented an electronic field data collection system that utilizes PDA technology in place of paper forms for inspections, well tests and enforcement actions. - The division successfully developed a partnership program with the Indiana Oil and Gas Association to plug orphaned wells. This program was responsible for the closure of more than 40 wells during 2002 resulting in a savings to the state of about $202,000 - In late 2000 the division finalized rules and procedures governing the management of oil and saltwater spills from facilities regulated by the division. This rule was developed in consultation with the Department of Environmental Management and represented a major step forward in the management of spills. - The total number of enforcement actions has declined over the past 2 years by nearly 50 percent as a result of more pro-active compliance measures such as prior notifications of upcoming well tests due and updated well temporary abandonment rules. At the same time, penalty collections have increased from 19 percent of assessed amounts in 2000 to more than 33 percent in 2002. Significant items/ events/ statistics - Natural gas activity continues to expand in the New Albany shale region of south central Indiana. Since 2001 the division has issued 77 permits for gas drilling in the New Albany. This is an increase of more than 300 percent during the previous 2-year period. During the past 3 years overall gas production has increased by more than 17 percent and now stands at more than 1 billion cubic feet per year. - The use of horizontal drilling technology is increasing substantially in Indiana and represents a major step forward in the development of natural gas reserves. This technology also benefits the environment by limiting the surface impacts of drilling. - During 2002 the division conducted/ witnessed the following activities related to Class II injection wells: 1373 site inspections 252 mechanical integrity tests 153 reviews of existing wells 31 reviews of applications for permits The division completed a Strategic Plan. Administered the Land and Water Conservation (LWCF) Grant Program 10 Awarded + 2 state projects (Prophetstown and SCORP) $2,801,190 total dollars awarded for state and local projects 490.19 acres added for recreational use 17 post-completion inspections completed Administered the recreational trails program 22 applied for grants 4 awarded + 1 state project (Redbird) $ 751,531.82 total dollars awarded for state and local projects 5.48 Miles of trail to be constructed + state funded OHV area - Assisted the Department of Transportation with allocating approximately $10 million in federal Transportation Enhancement funds for trail projects. - Added 606 miles of trail information to the Trails Inventory GIS Dataset - Reviewed and approved 38 park and recreation master plans - Executed 50 snowmobile trail leases - Managed more than 200 miles of state snowmobile trails, predominately on leased private land. - Oversaw more than 100 miles of designated streams included in the Indiana Natural, Scenic and Recreational River System. - Maintained the Knobstone Trail, Indiana's longest hiking trail at 58 miles long. - Eliminated the underused and outdated Hoosier Bikeway System, which cost approximately $25,000/year to maintain. - Assisted Montgomery County with adoption of a local ordinance to limit development along Sugar Creek - Assisted the Wabash River Heritage Corridor Commission in securing an executive director and establishing an office - Opening the first state OHV area, Redbird State Recreation Area near Dugger, is planned for 2003 - Assisting with the Mid America Trails & Greenways Conference, a conference being planned for September 21-24, 2003, in Indianapolis, by the states of Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Ohio and Kentucky. - Developing a management plan for Interlake State Recreation Area. - Legislative changes to the OHV/snowmobile law updating registration fees. - Conducting surveys to be used in the 2005-2009 Statewide Comprehensive Outdoor Recreation Plan (SCORP) document, which is a requirement for LWCF federal grant funds. - Hosting approximately 18 million visitors on 32 properties. This visitation generated $16 million in revenue for FY 02, an increase of 11 percent over FY01. - Researching, designing, bidding and bringing into operation, a Centralized Reservation System for camping, shelters and cabins at state parks, reservoirs and forests. This included establishing business rules, measuring and classifying nearly 8,000 campsites and researching the experience of other states and then adapting the best elements of their systems for our needs. - Instituting the first significant fee increases since 1989. The State Parks operating budget had become increasingly dependent on general fund dollars to meet operating expenses. Increasing the revenue pool, along with budget reductions, has significantly reduced the general fund share for both parks and reservoirs operating budgets. - Initiating strategic planning process for the division. The division mission, vision, values and goals were finalized. All properties completed an on-site strategic planning process resulting in property mission statements, visions, values, goals and objectives. - Internet connectivity was greatly improved with the installation of 38 Satellite dishes at all state park and reservoir offices and some nature centers and service areas. Many phone lines and internet service providers were able to be canceled giving us the money needed to install the satellites. - We procured and installed 56 new Gateway computers for the central office and field locations. - We received 50 computers from INDOT that were used in the field to replace our aging Macintosh and older PCs in the field. - Phone systems were installed at Lieber State Recreation Area, Summit Lake State Park, and Huntington Lake. Voicemail was installed at Lake Monroe. These were systems that were given to us by the Department of Health. Savings of about $9,000 were realized because we reused this equipment from other state agencies. - Indiana hosted the 2001 Midwest State Parks Executive Association Conference. Nine - We decentralized the response to unemployment claims from our central office to the properties. This enables DNR management to challenge claims in a timely manner and cut cost to the state. - We identified the properties to be included in the state park deer herd reduction in time to include it in the annual Hunting Guide published by the Fish and Wildlife Division. - The last review and completion of the plans for phase one construction at Prophetstown State Park will be complete by the end of the year and ready to bid. State Park Inns - Seven high speed satellite dishes were installed at the inns to give them connectivity in preparation for the new reservation system. - All seven inns have been converted from the old RDP software to the new Room Master software. This gives us more features and is easier to use than the old software. - Online reservation can now be made by the public at all seven state park inns. The call center for the Inns is ready for operation as soon as the T-1 line is installed at Clifty Inn. - Successfully concessioned Wyandotte Cave on behalf of the Division of Forestry - Successfully received the alcohol permit for the Garrison and the Fort Golf Course. This will allow us to offer beer and wine on the course as well as for group functions at the Garrison Restaurant - Completed the renovation project at Canyon Inn. This included adding fire sprinklers and other major infrastructure work. The main lounge and lobby were rehabbed and additional guest rooms were made accessible. - Completed the second cabin suite at Potawatomi Inn. This involved taking an existing four-room cabin and reconfiguring it into a duplex with suites that have a living and dining area and a bedroom - New custom buffet units were designed, fabricated and installed at three inns. All inns purchased blast chillers and most replaced their guest area ice machines. - Turkey Run Inn assumed campstore operation. This is more profitable than operating as a concession site and allows for more efficient and timely purchase of goods for resale. - Spring Mill Inn operated the cave boat tour program with a grant from Lawrence County Tourism. This was one of the programs which was scheduled to be suspended as part of the budget cuts. - Potawatomi Inn operated the entire boat rental concession at Pokagon which allowed for increased operating hours and a wider variety of services. - Potawatomi will now operate the cross country ski operation at Pokagon - Assisted in the stocking and opening of the Mansfield country store and the purchase of Shakamak cabin furnishings Interpretive and Volunteer Programs - Upgrading and expanding the division volunteer program to approximately 3700 volunteers donating 45,000 hours, the greatest level of participation ever. - Achieving 785,000 interpretive (nature) center visitors, one of the highest visitations ever. Interpreters presented 18,000 programs to 394,000 campers, school children, inn visitors and local residents. - Implementation of a plan for documenting and caring for significant artifacts donated to and/or purchased by the division for use in interpretation of history at our sites, - Implementation of a flora/fauna inventory system that will allow each property and the division to build a standard formatted database of plant and wildlife species observed on each site. - Building new interpretive centers for Mounds State Park and the Upper Wabash reservoirs and designing state of the art exhibits. - Installation of children's activity area at the Falls of the Ohio, funded by a donor. - Development of an exhibit plan and beginning exhibit replacement at Clifty Falls. [Bass Lake State Beach] - Transferred to Starke County government to manage and operate. The transfer, rather than closure, permits local residents to continue to enjoy this property. - New sewage lines and lift stations were installed � - Sewage and water plant improvements (still in progress).� - Began installation of a new sprinkling system at Abe Martin Lodge. In-house: projects included:� - Sewage and water line replacement at Abe Martin Lodge.� - Installed new amphitheater seating at the nature center.� - Routine hiking and horse trail maintenance when needed.� - Routine building facility maintenance when needed.� - Certain hiking trail improvements by Hoosier Hikers Council.� - Friends of Brown County continued to maintain the "Friends Trail".� - Replaced joists and floor in several cabin bath rooms - Replaced flooring in the living areas of several cabins - Replaced dinning room tables and chairs and refrigerators in several cabins - Constructed new 40’ x 60’ service building to include two vehicle repair bays and a separate wash bay. - Removal of underground oil storage tanks - Constructed accessible fishing platform - Completely refurbished all boat rental docks - Refurbished existing equipment storage building and a storage shed. - Conducted successful white-tailed deer reductions - Glacier Ridge Shelter was constructed including water and electric. - At the historic nature center, a donated bell was installed in bell tower, new gutters and down spouts installed and a new accessible ramp was constructed. - A fishing pier was constructed for Lincoln State Park. - Canoe camp bridge retaining walls were repaired and steps from road to camp installed. - The foot bridge on trail 1 & 2 rebuilt. Work includes footers, retaining walls, new decks and rails. - Phase 2 of the modern campground opened to visitors. This area added two modern comfort stations, 60 full hookup (or AA) sites and 73 electric (or A) sites. - A new park office building went into full use in 2002. Our management staff has used a rental office outside the park grounds for seven years. This inside the property facility provides a much better service to our visitors and allows staff to be more efficient. In 2002 the park maintenance and service staff operated from a temporary building after relocating from a rental building on the INAAP military base. The INAAP area was tightly secured after September 11, 2001. The staff worked very hard to continue services from this temporary location. - Charlestown received the DNR 100 percent Safety Program Rating in 2002, for the fourth consecutive year. - Park revenue increased more than 38 percent for calendar 2002. This is due to increased visitation and fee increases. - Grass mowing was reduced in several areas. Better wildlife habitat and a 20 percent reduction in mowing is the result. - Charlestown staff assisted The Falls of the Ohio State Park in setting up and taking down the major 2002 dinosaur display project. Several hours of labor went into this museum exhibit. - The Indiana Volkssport Association held a Volksmarsch walking event at Charlestown June 1, 2002. - The park hosted the Second Annual Charlestown Founders Day Celebration 5K Running Race. The race is a cooperative event with the local community celebration held the last Friday and Saturday in June. Falls of the Ohio Securing recognition of the Falls of the Ohio as the "jumping off" point for the Lewis and Clark expedition. Falls is now listed as a signature site on the National Park Services’ Lewis and Clark Trail. As a result the Falls will be an integral participant in the 2003 national bicentennial of the expedition. A replica of the Clark cabin was constructed on the property on the original cabin site. The signature site designation and completion of the Clark cabin were the result of the work of our staff and local residents and donors, illustrating the increased emphasis State Parks and Reservoirs has placed on partnerships in the last year. - A four month major dinosaur exhibit increased our attendance 14,000 visitors. This exhibit usually costs $30,000/month. Dr. Jack Hankla loaned it to us at no charge. - Upgraded our major audio-visual exhibit. The $32,000 costs all funded by the DNR. - Addition of a Lewis & Clark audio-visual program "Spirit of the Land" which premiered July 2002. This $20,000 program was funded by private donors and is shown daily at our facility. - Purchase of 76-acre Hale/Schneider wetland area. This historic area originally was owned by George Rogers Clark and William Clark. This land was purchased with Heritage Trust funds. - An extensive flora inventory of new land purchase was completed by a volunteer. - Renovated wildlife viewing area. The $1000 costs paid by the Herb Society. - Partnered with Locust Grove and Filson Club hosting the Lewis & Clark Trail Heritage Foundation Meeting in Louisville in July. - Added two new outdoor interpretive panels. The $3600 costs paid for by the DNR. - Archeological survey for chimney at Clark cabin. This survey costs $2300 and was paid for by private donors. - Installed alarm system for cabin. This system costs $600 paid by DNR. Installation was by two volunteers. - Interior of Clark cabin--furniture, books, portraits, maps, clothes, rifles, coverlets, etc. by private donors. Costs approximately $3000 - Pest control of Clark cabin $200/year by private donor. - Emergency roof repair at interpretive center. This $1200 costs paid by the DNR. - Special events-Earth Day– $1000 donated by Trash Force, display of alternative fuel vehicles. DNR supplied tents. ?Ohio River Sweep–60 volunteers participated in nation's largest single day cleanup along the Ohio River. Free Fishing Day casting contests, fly fishing demonstrations, fish art contest. DNR paid for prizes and equipment. Sun Circle Celebration - state atlas contests, Delaware Nation Buffalo Dance, flint knapping, Native American vendors Fossil Festival-Liter's Quarry children's activity area, fossil pile, tents, tables, chairs, plastic hard hats. Fossil vendors, guest speakers, and outer fossil bed hikes. Archeology Day-speakers on Caesar's Dig, artifact identification, Lewis & Clark River Festival–55-foot keelboat, L&C re-enactors, artisans, military demonstrations, native American storytelling and dancing. - Paleontological Institute–5 day comprehensive study by Alan Goldstein with fieldwork. - Volunteer groups adopted areas Daylily Society of Louisville, Master Gardeners, Terrace Garden Club, Herb Society, and Rauch Foundation. - Bronze plaque at Clark cabin by private donor costs $450. - Temporary exhibits - Antartica's Incredible Fossils, Microworld, Boats of Lewis & Clark, Indiana Junior Duckstamp Finalists, National Wildlife Refuge Centennial. - Conversion of two historic buildings into classrooms for interpretive studies. - Remediation of Shoen Creek area into wetland and outdoor classroom. - Construction of wooden trail structure on Fall Creek Trail. - Construction of parking lot near sledding hill for hill users and walkers. - Reconnecting Shafter Road to Walnut Plantation trail head and picnic area. - Removal of lead-base paint in Wood Road residences and Camp Glenn buildings. - Recapping of landfill from days when used by Army. - Remediation of drainage ditch along Glenn Road preventing washout of road. - Upgrade of sprinkler system at Garrison. - Continued use of Eagle Scouts to assist with honeysuckle eradication. - Completion of new assistant property manager residence. - Extension of saddle barn riding trail and hay ride trail. - Extensive repair and renovation in Harrison House. - Renovation of park office to include, enlarged training room and office for district biologist. - Installation of security cameras at Garrison. - New chiller installed at Garrison, upgrading cooling system. - Telephone lines near sledding hill buried. - Installation of grinder/lift station servicing assistant property manager's residence and golf - Refurbished the exteriors of the Wood Road rental houses and the Harrison House to include exterior painting, gutters, doors and landscaping. - Refurbished the interiors of the Wood Road rental houses to include interior plaster and ceiling repair, painting, plumbing fixtures, and other required maintenance and repair. - Constructed sledding hill with fill provided by the contractor working at 56th Street and I-465. - Deconstructed a 100 site trailer court to include the removal of concrete pads, sidewalks, aggregate and exotic species. Filled and contoured area with offsite fill. - Completed landscaping at the office and nature center. - Remodeled horse concession building to include the lobby and restroom - Constructed new employee parking lot - A new picnic area is under construction - We were able to have a contractor install a much needed new water slide at the swimming pool complex in the spring.� - Cabin # 11 was rebuilt after a chimney fire destroyed� part of the roof and interior ceiling. - About 100 trees were transplanted in the campground, cabins and picnic areas in January and February by park staff. - Three picnic areas and two and one half miles of road were closed to park visitors in order to reduce mowing and security patrol to help meet our reduced intermittent budget. The family cabins will also be closed from January 2003 to the middle of March 2003 to help meet our savings plan. - Several campsites were rehabbed with new stone from INDOT.� - A new roof was installed on the main service building last summer.� - The park hosted several successful events this past year. Harmonie �Hundred Bicycle Tour in May, Posey County Red Cross Triathlon in August, and� Haunted Harmonie in October.� - Some resource management was accomplished; in spring a major controlled burn in the front of the park was successful and, 185 deer were removed during the four days of our deer reduction. - New sewer lines throughout the property (except campground) - Installation of new water lines throughout the property (except campground) - Connection to Indiana American Water — abandoned existing domestic water plant. - Successful E. coli monitoring program and data collection on the Dunes Creek watershed. - Commissioned and received final report on E. coli monitoring program - New lift and pump station at pavilion - Pavilion — replaced roof, guttering and exterior underground drainage system. - Built a carpenter's shop and restroom in the Service Building - Combined Lincoln and Colonel Jones Home into one operation for efficiency. - A new radio tower to improve communications. - Installed a new boat dock at the family cabins. - Rehab of the siding and posts of historic lakeside shelter. - Repair existing play equipment. - Worked with the Division of Reclamation to fill and preserve mining structures near trail 2. - Make small improvements and maintain many existing facilities. - Reclaiming a ‘dead’ strip mine pit called Weber Lake at Lincoln in cooperation with the Division of Reclamation. - Major rehabilitation of the Canyon Inn infrastructure including a new HVAC system, electrical service upgrade, kitchen remodeling and upgrades, dining room remodeling, lounge remodeling, central wing window replacement, installation of sprinkler system, replacement and upgrade of elevator, Sycamore Meeting Room remodeling, complete replacement of the Canyon Inn roof.� - Rehabilitation of Beechgrove Shelterhouse (CCC Built, Historic Structure)� - Rehabilitation of the CCC Stone Arch Bridge.� - Upgrade of park sign system.� - Constructed new office/nature center - Constructed new block vault toilet in campground - Constructed new accessible campsites - Nearly completed a window and exterior siding project on the pavilion. - Replaced old wooden floor, roof, upgraded HVAC and remodeled kitchen at pavilion. - Upgraded pool chemical controller and painted swimming pool. Replaced diving board platforms and valve on the kiddy pool. - Paved entrance road and parking lot and installed sidewalks to pavilion. - Developing plan with Indiana, Notre Dame, Ball State and Indiana State Universities for the long range management and interpretation of the mounds. - Paved 12 campsite pads - Landscaping and plantings around new office/nature center. - Completion of multiple items on interior of office/nature center. - Completed a 50’ x 16’ deck w/ railings to new office/nature center. - Asphalt of 14 campsites, and addition of stone to many others. - Tree trimming and fence line clearing. - Razing of horse day use area. - Constructed deer exclosure for resource management study. - Replaced steel legs, pump system and flume of park pool water slide; added exhaust system to pool pump house. - Replace several sections of concrete pool deck and added a top coating to concrete side walks, pool concession area and eating area. - Constructed a pergola at pool concession area, and painted the interior of the pool bath house. - Remodeled modern restrooms — Trails End Shelter - Installed office cubicles and upgraded electrical in office/service building. - Conducted successful white-tailed deer reduction hunts (first time at this location) - Hosted annual Ft. Wayne Philharmonic Patriotic Pops concert attended by more than 2000 park visitors. - Hosted first "Rendezvous on the Ouabache" - encampment of early settlers and Native Americans demonstrating crafts, food and ceremonies in authentic dress. - Successfully operated park facilities and concessions with a 25 percent reduction in seasonal staffing. - Secured much needed upgrades to wastewater treatment plant infrastructure. - Re-roofed large shelter house and campground comfort station. - Significantly reduced mowing. - Install new trail around Youth Tent Campground. - New security fencing around Office/Service Area. - Continued to pursue sewage connection with the town of Vera Cruz. - New paved bicycle trail. This is an early phase of a planned county-wide bicycle system. - Renovation of park well system to include addition to water plant. - Construction of new comfort station and upgrade of Campground #4 to electric (Class-A). - Construction of new duplex cabin — Potawatomi Inn. - Renovation of existing paved bicycle trail. - Construction of new parking lot on west end of dam. - Refinishing of all cabin wood floors. - Refurbished old and constructed new nature center displays. - Construction of aggregate storage area. - Several resource management improvements to include wetlands and prairies. - Planned and celebrated 25 year anniversary of the property as a state park. - Conducted successful white-tailed deer reduction hunts. - Purchased and moved office/property operation - Modified and moved service area operation to existing service buildings. - Razed one large and three small green houses and converted two larger green houses for property use. Used green houses to raise more than 40,000 prairie species plugs. - Planted more than 40,000 prairie plant plugs. - Planted 250+ acres of prairies. - Removal of exotic species. - Supervised the removal and/or demolition of 30+ structures from newly acquired property. - Refurbished several pieces of hand me down equipment and vehicles procured in various ways/methods. - Developed floor plan for office remodel to include personnel from Nature Preserves, Fish and Wildlife, Forestry and Enforcement. - Constructed/installed above ground fuel storage system. - Constructed overpass to lift State Road 225 over the main park entrance road. - Interior park roads and parking lots east of S.R. 225 were constructed. - Completion of the duplex family cabin. - Construction of new boat rental building. - Relocation of seven family cabins to develop a rent-a-camp program. - Renovation of two lift stations. - Development of water drainage for the rent-a-camp area. - Completed the ADA fishing pier. - Reviewed final plans for renovation to the waste water treatment plant. - Installation of water valves for pool filter building. - Provided information and review of the centralized reservation system. - A very busy season for the swimming pool. - Rewired village concession stand; re-roofed village concession, distillery in village.� - Moved stone from Paoli to village and rebuilt retaining wall along creek.� - INDOT resurfaced three sections of road; Oak Ridge, from main park road to inn, and road to saddle barn.� - Sprayed 30 acres of land with herbicide to control vinca. Funded through grant from IPALCO.� - Three new lift stations installed.� - Sewer lines replaced; Waterline extension beginning.� - New roof on nature center.� - Moved 30x50 pole barn from Fort Harrison to Spring Mill for reconstruction.� - Re-fenced portion of saddle barn pasture and installed overhead door on barn. - Replaced split rail fence in the village.� - Rewired underground secondary on east side of pioneer village.� - Installed refurbished lights on poles in village.� - Surveyed remaining park boundaries in question.� - Installed new water softeners.� - Completed 25 special events in park for calender year.� - Installed drainage tile in pioneer village.� - Received $6,000 in seed money from Lawrence County Tourism to run Twin Caves.� - Initiated process to convert 300 acres of park to new nature preserve. - Reshaped and graded gravel service yard and installed new electrical to security lights. - Improved accessibility on loop trail near Beach House. - Constructed new fish cleaning station and parking lot. - Preparations/utilities in place for new Campground Control Station - Constructed new Youth Tent Area to include road, parking, utilities and sites. - Conducted prescribed burns on restoration areas and planted additional prairie areas. - Constructed access to lake on east side. - Paved boat launch parking lot - Installed sand at beach and poured new seawall - Summit Lake has increased the quality of the native prairie grass plots and reduced the exotics by intense resource management. - Provided a setting for youth groups to camp, away from the family campground. - Increase the quantity and quality of parking for the lake use guests. - Participated in numerous training opportunities (Street Smart 9-5,Security training, etc.,) - Increased the usability of the park by showing awareness of ADA issues. - Assisted R.E.M.C. with burial of 5 miles of electric lines servicing property. Two miles were previously overhead while two miles of underground 3-phase was replaced. - New campground electrical service and boxes (120 sites) - 18 cabins in Camp Potawatomi group camp received major exterior repairs. In keeping with historic preservation guidelines, original boards were replaced on a board by board basis. About 100 shutters were repaired or replaced. 24 buildings were repainted throughout the property. - Installation of new water line to Horsemen’s Campground. - Expansion of Youth Tent Area (2 sites) - Construction of several new vault toilets - expansion of Fire Tower Picnic Area. - Completed riverbank stabilization project at Tippecanoe River's river shelter/nature center area. - Major reorganization of the Service Area/Yard - Conducted successful white-tailed deer reduction hunts - Several miles of horse/hiking trails had wet areas filled and graded. - New 50 amp electrical service was installed at the Family Campground. - Large areas of invasive plant species were eradicated. - The restrooms at the park office were rehabilitated, including new flooring, walls, etc. - The main pillars at the entrance gatehouse were replaced. Combining Turkey Run and Shades management and administrative duties� - Began work purchasing drinking water.� - Work proceeding on rehab of waste water treatment facility� - Lusk Land Fill rehab work completed.� - Work on friends group for Shades + Turkey began� - Interpretive signs for coal mine and other areas ready for installation� - Inn pool roof rehabbed� - Rehab work to historical structures; roof on Lusk Home + Log Church, major rehab work on Log Church Shades State Park:� - Rehabbed trail structure on trail #7� - Replaced water main from large parking lot to modern restroom� - Resurfaced campground road and office parking lot� - Replaced both pumps and motors at swimming pool.� - Replaced 10 inch drain valve at swimming pool� - Rehab swimming pool lockers.� - Replaced swimming pool waterslide by contractor.� - Installed steam table at group camp kitchen.� - Landscape bare soil bank at group camp kitchen with green cover plants.� - Conducted safe deer reduction hunts in November and December� - Installed new shingle roof at nature center.� - Kept all restrooms clean with 25 percent reduction in staff.� - Mowed all high traffic areas with 25 percent reduction in staff.� - Hosted annual fireworks in July, and annual Bluegrass Festival weekend in October.� - Coordinated work with Ripley County Saddle Club to repair more than 40 wet areas on bridle trails.� - South maintenance crew assisted with bridle trail repairs. - Trenched electric line to property manager's garage. - Connected sewer to municipality - Upgraded water connection to municipality - Completed maintenance and construction work at Marina - Added new courtesy docks at most ramps, new concrete seawall and sidewalks at the Sailboat Marina and at Mounds - Completed significant work on horse and hiking trails throughout the property. - Completion of the Whitewater Spillway Project, including replacement of the spillway, addition of a stairway next to the spillway, replacement of the boat ramp on Whitewater Lake, addition of a courtesy dock, addition of an accessible ramp/sidewalk, rehabilitation of the boat house, addition of accessible parking spaces. - Re-configured Horsemen’s Campground and constructed several new campsites - Constructed new countertops and storage cabinets in the naturalist cabin - Completed significant work on horse and hiking trails throughout the property. - Made connections to municipal sewer and water systems. - Conducted successful white-tailed deer reduction hunts. - Addition of 5 miles of hiking trail, installed with volunteer help - Replacement of couches in 6 cabins and curtains in 3 cabins - Replacement of drinking water tanks at Hanna Creek and Quakertown Campground - Relocation of a pit toilet at Hanna Creek - Completed the replacement of 8 courtesy docks at 4 boat ramps - Addition of a courtesy dock extension and sea wall at Hanna Creek - Rehabilitation work completed to the interior of Whitewater Office - Connection completed to city water supply at Whitewater State Park - Connection in progress to connect to city sewer at Whitewater State Park - Replaced 400 feet of horse fence at Whitewater Horse Barn - Reroofed a shower house at Whitewater Campground - Painted the exterior of 2 shower houses at Whitewater Campground - Constructed 2 courtesy docks at Templeton Creek Ramp - Installed new ceiling tile and florescent lights at Whitewater Beach House - Installed 6 waterless urinals at Mounds Beach House; ten additional ones are planned. - Moved the Cataract Falls bridge off of its foundation to an area of land where major structural rehab work can be performed at a later date and then moved back over the river after work is complete. Cecil M. Harden/Raccoon and Mansfield Mill - Major rehab of 2 comfort stations at Raccoon Lake. - Paving of campground roads and 3 parking lots.� - Implemented the Adopt-A-Ramp program at 2 ramps� - Installed (successfully) self-registration stations at all 4 outlying ramps.� - Developed a reforestation and wildflower planting strategy for areas previously mowed. - Opened/Operated a General Store at the Mill - Refurbished the main lift station� - Bought 85 acres of additional land� - Installed a satellite dish at the office to help us to connect to the Internet� - Stocked grass carp to help to control the weeds in the lake� - Started a friends group at Hardy Lake� - Constructed accessible fishing access at North Boat Ramp - Constructed concrete seawall and accessible walk at North Boat Ramp - Gabled flat roof at well house — North Boat Ramp - Reduced mowing throughout and planted large patches of wildflowers - Constructed/installed three new Romtec vault toilet units. - Added accesses to shelter houses in Little Turtle. - Constructed new wetland sewage treatment plants - Replaced three sewage lift stations - Upgraded electrical service at the check station - Constructed several new wildlife ponds in the management units. - Added a screening fence near corps pond in Little Turtle. - Constructed wildlife ponds in management units - Renovated diving platform into an ADA accessible fishing pier at one of our many ponds.� - Placed new piers at boatramp for boaters to access their boats - Replaced roofs on modern restrooms at Kil-So-Quah SRA. - Constructed new wetland type treatment plant at Kil-So-Quah SRA replacing outdated treatment plant.� - Repaired sidewalks at beach.� - Made inventory with GPS mapping system of buildings, structures, trails etc.� - Increased number of individuals volunteering.� - Surveyed new boundaries of new property below dam and started wildlife management practices.� - Expanded food plot program in wildlife areas to increase wildlife populations.� - Harvested sunflowers and distributed free seed to other properties and local nursing homes.� - Renovated three ponds on the property in wildlife areas.� - Planted 90 acres of sunflowers for our mourning dove program.� - Hosted annual youth dove hunt with more than 30 participants.� - Hosted special hunts for dove hunting and pheasants hunting with more than 2000 participants.� - Increased the number of users in our wildlife areas.� - Survived no money no intermittent employees for a fall season.� - Maintained our recreation areas with a minimum number of employees.� - New comfort station new service building extention� re-paving all but one Boat Ramp and all of Fairfax - S.R.A Construction has began on the raising of the Boat Ramp at Paynetown S.R.A. - New force main sewer at Paynetown , to solve high water problems�. - $800,000 in road and parking lot maintenance (paving) was completed. - Constructed new campground gate house - Remodeled entrance gate - Remodeled specialist's and manager's residences - Constructed fish cleaning station - Installed all new fire rings on more than 400 campsites - Constructed wetlands sewage treatment plants at outlying ramps - Rehabbed several pit toilets - 1812 Battle reenactment (record turn out and Mississinewa receives $3,000). - Hosted another successful Autumn Camping Weekend. - Construction of three package plant wetland sewage treatment facilities to service outlying areas. - Implementation of a self-registration program at all boat ramps. - Completed two ADA projects with a new fishing platform and accessible office entrance. - Made improvements to campground resurfacing all campsites, adding 188 new fire pits, corrected drainage problems, trimming trees and pushing back brush lines in B site areas to make sites more usable. - Drained and reconditioned toured fishing lake to enhance habitat and fishing opportunities. - Sided and painted four property buildings. - Rehabilitated two courtesy docks. - Reworked drainage at beach. - Replaced roofs on two shelter houses - Repaired 2 fireplaces with concrete leveling to straighten chimneys on shelter houses - Concrete repair on office sidewalk - Replaced bad siding spots on office and beach house - Widened bike trail edges to original surface (6.2 miles) and patched 4 tons of asphalt cold patch on potholes - Removed six acres of mowing around three ramps and fitness trail by planting wildflowers, prairie grasses and trees. - Renovated two pond dams that were leaking - Assisted Fish & Wildlife with construction of osprey hacking tower for re-introduction - Constructed new wetland sewage treatment plants - Converted Lost Bridge East S.R.A. to day use accessible hunting area. - Completed construction of new nature center - Completed a great deal of repair work on horse trails at Salamonie River State Forest - Converted 800 acres to special small game management unit. - Expanded service yard to include a general reorganization of the entire area. - Met goals of reducing expenses (and public services) due to budget crisis, including closing the Lost Bridge East Primitive Campground, the Lost Bridge East and Mt. Hope S.R.A's, reducing mowing of recreation areas, reducing night security personnel and implementing self-service fee collection at the open boat ramps. - Got volunteers to handle maintenance projects to reopen the Lost Bridge East SRA. - Salamonie's new interpretive center was opened and dedicated - Horse trails (15 miles) at the Salamonie River State Forest were all remarked and improved. Poor trails were rerouted and illegal trails closed. Sensitive plant communities were protected. - The appearance and function of the service area was improved by expanding the storage area and erecting a new fence. - A small game management Area was established in Wildlife Units S-3 and 30 as a pilot project to intensively manage habitat and hunting efforts to help reestablish ground-nesting bird populations and benefit small game populations. - Four new constructed wetlands were constructed to replace 4 sewage treatment plants that no longer functioned properly. A new sewage absorption field was also constructed for the Salamonie State Forest service area as a part of the same contract. - Preliminary designs were begun for completely rehabilitating the Lost Bridge West sewage treatment system. - Concept plans were drawn for public comment for a new campground in the Lost Bridge West SRA. Farm Progress Show Indiana Conservation Partnership personnel participated in this 3-state on-farm show. Visually reaching approximately 25,000 people, the Partnership's watershed education component of the show resulted in more than 100 well water tests. Jim Moseley, U.S.D.A. deputy secretary, stated, "This is the best example of showing conservation tillage and erosion control I've ever seen." Pathway to Water Quality at the Indiana State Fair The Pathway to Water Quality, designed to demonstrate water quality conservation practices in seven different areas including urban, animal agriculture, woodland, highly erodible cropland, wetlands, soils, and youth education, reaches more than 22,000 visitors to the Indiana State Fair. Conservation Tillage Transect Data The Indiana Conservation Partnership statistically tracks conservation tillage and cropland use in Indiana. The 2002 survey revealed that 21 percent of corn and 56 percent of soybeans were planted in no-till fields in the 88 counties surveyed. This is a prime indicator of soil erosion control. Basic Training for Soil and Water Conservation District Supervisors Many new SWCD supervisors are unfamiliar with their duties, the responsibilities of districts according to State law, and the role of the members of the Indiana Conservation Partnership. In 2002, the DNR/Purdue Conservation Program Specialists and the NRCS Assistant State Conservationists conducted six statewide basic training workshops for new supervisors. Soil and Water Conservation District Supervisor (SWCD) Summer Splash More than 200 SWCD and Indiana Conservation Partnership personnel attended the 2002 Supervisor Summer Splash. The 2-day workshop creates awareness in SWCD Supervisors upcoming soil and water conservation challenges and opportunities. Annual Conference of Soil and Water Conservation Districts (SWCDs) Based on the theme "Enhancing Quality of Life in the New Economy," the 2002 Annual Conference of SWCDs helped supervisors and staff better understand their roles in preserving Indiana's rural character. More than 600 people attended the 3-day event held at the Westin Hotel in downtown Indianapolis. Hoosier Riverwatch Training Workshops Hoosier Riverwatch coordinators teach adult educators and citizen volunteers about watersheds, point and nonpoint source water pollution, and pollution reduction methods by means of six to seven-hour training workshops held throughout Indiana. In addition, participants learn to assess habitat, chemical, and biological conditions in streams and rivers using standardized protocols. In 2001, Hoosier Riverwatch conducted 52 full-day workshops and trained 550 volunteer stream monitors. Project WET Workshops More than 500 people participated in 25 Project WET (Water Education for Teachers) workshops held throughout Indiana. Of these participants, 30 percent acknowledged that they impacted more than 46,000 students annually with water education activities. Participants were from more than 60 counties and several other states. Trained, skilled, volunteer facilitators conducted these workshops. In addition, an estimated 10,000 children and adults participated in "Make a Splash" with Project WET water education days at more than 40 sites. Stormwater and Sediment Control Program Addressing soil erosion/sedimentation concerns associated with non-agricultural lands, including residential, commercial, institutional, industrial, and public construction activities and special land uses, the Stormwater and Sediment Control Program provided technical assistance in the review and revision of 796 erosion and sediment control plans, conducted more than 2500 site evaluations, conducted 72 educational programs for private and governmental sectors, and coordinated with IDEM on implementation of 327 IAC 15-5 (Rule 5), a state regulation aimed at minimizing off-site damages from construction site erosion and sedimentation resulting in 137 permits referred to compliance and/or enforcement and follow-up. Lake and River Enhancement Program (LARE) $5 boat fees generate approximately $1.2 million annually that is distributed statewide as grants for evaluatory ecological studies of lakes and streams, engineering and construction of ecological remediation measures, and watershed-based soil and water conservation projects. As part of ongoing implementation of the Indiana Wetlands Conservation Plan, its outreach component was pursued through dissemination of wetlands newsletters, development and presentation of relevant materials at citizen workshops, and facilitation of a statewide wetlands conference. Agricultural Conservation Program Working to reduce erosion on agricultural land, along with associated nutrient transport, the division's six agricultural conservation specialists approved 239 of 250 conservation plans and provided technical assistance to 104 watershed projects and surveyed or assisted in the design of 383 projects. District Technical Support Providing assistance to more than 14,300 Indiana residents, the division's resource specialists provided statewide technical support and landowner assistance in the development and implementation of land conservation practices saving more than 317,000 tons of soil in 2002. Lake Michigan Coastal Program On Sept. 20, 2002, Indiana celebrated the approval of the Lake Michigan Coastal Program by the national Coastal Zone Management Program. Indiana is now the 34th state and territory participating in this highly successful program to improve management of our nation's coasts. The Lake Michigan Coastal Program will receive approximately $1 million annually for implementation. The program will primarily be implemented through the Coastal Grants Program, which will provide funding for local projects to protect, restore, and responsibly develop coastal resources in the Lake Michigan watershed. A new Dam Safety Act (IC 14-27-7.5) became law. The new law requires owners of high hazard dams to "have a professional engineer licensed under IC 25-31 make a technical inspection of the high hazard structure and prepare or revise the emergency action plan for the structure at least one (1) time every two (2) years". A multi-agency team responded to an emergency involving a high hazard dam at Fontanet, Vigo County. Staff from the divisions of Water, Law Enforcement, and Reclamation cooperated with the Attorney General's Office and Vigo County authorities to conduct a controlled breach and lower the lake level. Staff responded to an emergency at Brush Creek Dam. A contract was let to install a riser pipe to the existing lake drain. The new riser pipe would allow the reservoir water level to fall 10 feet below normal pool level. A second riser pipe will also be installed to allow water releases when the reservoir is below the opening for the upper riser. Staff helped local communities affected by two Federal Disaster Declarations, one for flooding and one for tornado damage, comply with their floodplain regulations. Staff cooperated with representatives from the American Council of Engineering Companies (ACED) to draft the General Guidelines for the Hydrologic-Hydraulic Assessment of Floodplains in Indiana (online). These guidelines will help floodplain management professionals evaluate projects in accordance with the Flood Control Act and the National Flood Insurance Program. Staff initiated a program to generate Flood way / Flood Boundary Studies for areas of Indiana that lack floodplain analysis. These studies will help local floodplain officials, and Division staff, make easier and more accurate decisions regarding potential development in and around a floodplain. New studies were completed for the following areas: - West Fork White River in Spencer, Owen County - Plum Run in Clarksburg, Clark County - Sweet Creek / West Little Sugar Creek, Shelby County - Staff completed a comprehensive ground water report for the White and West Fork White River Basin. The report contains 118 pages and 35 plates / maps. There are 5,600 square miles in the WFWR Basin — 15 percent of Indiana's land area. - Staff created the Indiana Water Resource Update Web page, which provides monthly water resource status updates for the State (online). - A reorganization plan for the Ground Water, Basin Studies, and Water Rights Sections was developed internally, and approved by the Executive Office. Existing staff was reassigned to two new Sections (Resource Assessment and Water Rights / Use). The new structure should eliminate overlapping tasks identified in the prior organization. - An SEA 368 Inspection Form was created in cooperation with County Surveyors. The form will help local drainage boards / surveyors comply with the SEA 368 requirements, and reduce DNR's review time. Database Improvements, Additions - Staff designed the Geographical Research for Internal Data (GRID) GIS research tool, which has dramatically reduced the research time required for new permit applications. Staff can now conduct a digital search for local information using a map of Indiana, rather than searching through paper files. - The Division of Water was named as a semi-finalist for the Council of State Governments America's Best Innovations award. The honor recognizes the division's efforts in reorganization / restructuring, and development of the Unity Database.
Black history shout out to culinary pioneer Lucreetia Brown-Jenkins who introduced the world to the sour pickle & peppermint stick snack in 1972. You are currently browsing the archives for the 2011 Black History category. Archive for the '2011 Black History' Category Black history shout out to Maurice Jackson who was the first Black child north of the Mason Dixon line to be Jap Slapped for sassing his momma. Black history shout out to Marveesha Sims who was the first Black woman to make it clap like hands at a gentleman’s club.
Football Weekend Wrap-Up - October 27 Columbia 26, Yale 22 NEW YORK -- The last time Columbia defeated Yale in football, the current seniors on the Columbia football team were 10 years old. But Patricia and Shepard Alexander Head Coach of Football has said since his initial press conference last December, this Columbia football team would leave the past behind. While rebuilding is a process, the team showed fight, toughness and grit, shedding the past and defeating Yale for the first time since 2001, 26-22, on Saturday at Robert K. Kraft Field. Cornell 37, Princeton 35 [TIME ITHACA, N.Y. -- John Wells was able to walk off the field a hero. Wells, who earlier in the day had missed both a field goal and an extra-point kick that looked like it might be the difference in the game late into the fourth quarter, drilled a 23-yard attempt with 50 seconds left in the game to give Cornell a 37-35 shootout victory over Princeton on Saturday afternoon at Schoellkopf Field. Penn 20, Brown 17 PHILADELPHIA -- Sophomore kicker Connor Loftus connected on two field goals in the final 1:25 of play - the first from a career-long 45 yards to tie the game, the second from 30 yards out with 17 seconds to play - as the University of Pennsylvania football team downed Brown, 20-17, in front of an ecstatic Homecoming crowd of 13,569 at Franklin Field Saturday afternoon. Harvard 31, Dartmouth 14 HANOVER, N.H. -- Treavor Scales rushed for three touchdowns as 24th-ranked Harvard held off Dartmouth by a score of 31-14 Saturday night at Memorial Field.
Viagara For Women Oklahoma Tornado, Heroism and the News of the Week Presidential Obama's Prom Picture Published in Time John Muller Takes His Talent to the Subway Super Model Agrees to Go to Prom Jose Canseco Under Investigation for Alleged Assault What Do You Do With a Tattoo of an Ex-Girlfriend? 'DWTS' Finale Crowns Kellie Pickler Kellie Pickler Wins 'Dancing With The Stars' Mirror Ball Trophy Oklahoma Tornado: Neighborhood Left in Destruction Billboard Music Awards' Top Moments Facebook: Who's Connecting? Tornadoes Rip Through Homes in Oklahoma Billboard Music Awards 2013: Winners and Performances Prince Harry Plays Polo on Final Day of US Visit
Men's Boots/Work Shoes - NB Tactical 453 High-quality, lightweight materials work together to create a boot that performs like no other on long marches as well as keeping you comfortable in high desert temperatures. The DesertLite will be your boot of choice for all desert footwear needs. 548 grams (19.3 oz) NB Tactical 453 Men's Boots/Work Shoes Colour:color size width This shoe runs true to size. Order your regular athletic shoe size.
Get FREE SHIPPING on every shipment of $79 or more. Click for details Cut from the heart of the tenderloin, using the finest grain-fed beef, Omaha Steaks Filet Mignon is aged to peak flavor and tenderness, vacuum wrapped and flash frozen to lock in freshness. 8 (5 oz.) Filet Mignons 464XEReg. $129.00 | Now Only $89.99 Read what our customers say GooddddJoseph C. - Roanoke, TX very tastyJudith B. - South Hamilton, MA delicious, tenderTom W. - Bayfield, CO Excellent taste and very tender. Shipped on time.James S. - Huntington, WV Without a doubt, the best steak that I have ever tasted.James V. - New Ipswich, NH tender, good sizeBeatrice L. - Cutler Bay, FL Had these on the barbie last evening. Heavenly!Marcia C. - Carlsbad, CA nice sizeDianne D. - The Villages, FL they were very nice and tenderSusan K. - Granada Hills, CA i have never been disappointed in your steaks. they are wonderfulEdith G. - Camino, CA The filet mignon is always great and one of my favorites.Janet M. - Mechanicsburg, PA Absolutely the best steaks we've had. Quality is excellent every time we've ordered them!Karen C. - Keithville, LA Absolutely mouth-watering! Wouldn't hesitate to order more.Elaine T. - Dublin, PA I LOVE THESE FILETS 5 + 5 STARSArt B. - Greenwood, IN wonderfulConnie N. - Masury, OH These were the most tender meat on the planet that just melted into deliciousness in your mouth. I would order them again and again and again. I love the proper portion sized packaging.Sharon M. - Woodbridge, VA The best filet we have had. Just the right size for us old folks.Juliana D. - Sheridan, OR The filet Mingnons were tender and very tasty we totally enjoyed them and will have them again.John S. - Philadelphia, PA I always enjoy the Filet Mignons!Gay G. - Harvey, LA Perfect size and thickness. Juicy and delicious.Andrea M. - Houston, TX Excellent quality meat! We bought these for Christmas dinner, as it is a family tradition to have steak. We have had various quality meat from different places. Your steaks are always good. And they always arrive quickly and in good condition.Gloria D. - Maplewood, MN Extremely tenderKenneth M. - Potomac, MD They were tremendous.Ina S. - Vicksburg, MI Filets are very tender and great on the grill. These are some of the best steaks we've had.John S. - South Attleboro, MA |BONUS SAVINGS! Customers that bought this item also bought...| |Customers who enjoy Filet Mignons also enjoy...| Big & Bold Big & Bold Big & Bold Questions about wine? Call 1-866-989-4637 to speak to our wine specialist. - All wine prices include shipping and handling. - Your wine and gourmet food packages will ship separately. Your wine will arrive in approximately 7 days or less from the day you place your order, unless you have requested a delayed arrival date. - Wine products cannot be shipped to the following states: AK, HI, GA, IN, IA, KY, ME, OK, UT. Also, Local laws prevent us from shipping to certain zip code in the following states: FL, ID and NH. Information regarding states and zip codes that are not currently serviced will appear at the time that orders are placed. Offer void where prohibited by law. - You must be 21 years of age or older to order, purchase or receive the delivery of wine. - Wine is sold and delivered by our supplier, Wine.com, Omaha Steaks is the marketing agent.
Back to Main Page / Back to List of Rules Rule 315. Remittitur Any party in whose favor a judgment has been rendered may remit any part thereof: (a) In open court, and such remittitur shall be noted on the docket and entered in the minutes. (b) In vacation, by executing and filing with the clerk a written release signed by him or his attorney of record, and attested by the clerk with his official seal. Such releases shall be a part of the record of the cause. (c) Execution shall issue for the balance only of such judgment. Source: Art. 2227, unchanged. Oct. 29, 1940, eff. Sept. 1, 1941. July 15, 1987, eff. Jan. 1, 1988
Hi Timco that one is mine and shows Liverpool Docks about 1800 based on plans. Also you can go about 7 miles upriver to the Ellesmere Port Dock Complex. Again all about 200 years old but much of it remains today. Downloads top of page. Usermade on left Lancashire to North Wales Location: Great Britain Part of the sateliite series of the West Coast of UK. 14 sceneries in all set set in about 1800 as regards the static sailing ships etc in it. Download from the Stentec page detailed above. Install with scenery manager. The sceneries follow on from each other and cover 100s of miles. See my site page.
*This outfit was worn by Josefina in the books Josefina's Surprise and Josefina Learns a Lesson* (the name of this dress was changed to Holiday Outfit in December, 2008) I love this outfit! It is very stylish, and I love the puffed shoulders! The Mantilla is just as nice as the dres.... the lace drapes so gracefully, and the little comb that goes into Josefina's hair is so beautiful! The little leather shoes are very sweet! I was very surprised with the pantelletes.... I thought it meant plain underwear! the little buttons and ribbons are very realistic! A++++++++++++++++++++++++ x 3005789907654! I did not realize just how beautiful Josefina looked in this outfit until I had her wear it to cosplay another character. But it is fantastic. At first I was not too thrilled by the colors, but they do work well for the doll. The design is beautiful. My favorite aspect is the veil and mantilla. And the shoes also go well with most of Josefina's other outfits. The pantalettes are cute, though I don't always use them. A+ This outfit is much prettier in person than it looks on the website. There's a lot more color to it (red as well as the yellow and black, and hints of green). The pattern is lovely, too. I have a little trouble with the shoes, which tend to pucker in when I'm trying to put them on, but overall the fit is good. I bought it used and it is still in great condition, so I think the durability is probably high as well. A. ETA: Here's a closeup of the fabric so you can see the pattern on it. Post by American Girl Rescue on Oct 28, 2007 12:15:11 GMT -5 Josefina’s Christmas Dress Item# D5932 $22 (various price increases and now $32 new) For the most blessed night of the year, la Noche Buena (Christmas Eve), Josefina wears this special outfit: A dress made with elegant striped fabric from Tía Dolores—Josefina chose the styish pattern and sewed it by hand Ruffled pantalettes, white stockings, and black slippers A fine lace mantilla, a veil held in place by a fancy comb I love the bright colors on the material of this dress. The pictures can never do it justice. PC fabric on the left of Nina/ Mattel fabric on the right The dress has a Regency style bodice with puffed, long sleeves. The empire waist is set off with a small black ribbon permanently tied in a bow. The Mantilla is a beautiful black lacy veil that is connected to a tortoise-shell colored comb to help hold it in her hair. tortoise shell comb and close up of mantilla material Her undergarments are a one piece jump-suit style shift. They close in the back with velcro. They have two tiny bows and three buttons on the front. The bottom of the legs have a swipe of ribbon and ruffle. Bows and buttons down the front of the undergarment ribboned and ruffled hem The outfit also comes with white cotton knee socks and slip on loafers to complete her Christmas outfit. white knee socks and imitation leather slip on shoes Post by QNPoohBear on Dec 31, 2008 20:09:16 GMT -5 FYI: This is now called Josefina's Holiday Outfit I love this dress! It's so much more beautiful in person. I adore the empire waist and the little ruffles on the bodice and sleeves and the black ribbon at the waist. The socks are a little thick and white seems rather impractical. The shoes are nice and with some shoving, they fit over the socks on big PM /Goetz feet. The undergarment is so cute! The legs are a little long though. Does anyone have instructions to put the comb in easily? It didn't work on someone who wasn't Josefina. My only complaint is the product sticker on the comb that won't come off. I need to try more drastic measures than fingernails. The dress - This is one of my all time favorite outfits for Josefina to wear. I got mine in 2004, so the dress fabric is the second edition, with a slightly more simple print. It really does not make much of a difference to me (except you would have to get a Nina from around the same year). The dress is cut with an Empire waist, and the sleeves puff at the shoulders. The dress falls to about ankle length to show the pantalettes. In case you're wondering, the ribbon edging does continue all the way around. This outfit combines the Regency style and the Spanish influence of New Mexico perfectly, and it looks wonderful on Josefina! A+ The mantilla - the veil itself is made of a relatively sturdy nylon tulle fabric. It doesn't pick easily, though I would still store it gingerly with all the velcro of American Girl. I tried to get a good picture of the embroidery detail - the edges of the veil are stitched with black flowers. The comb is attatched, fortunately, and is an imitation of tortoiseshell but I think it's just one color, without any spots; interestingly, a 2001 catalog described the comb as velvet, but mine was certainly not. The prongs of the comb are nearly horizontal making it very easy to slide into Josefina's hair. In my opinion, the outfit really needs the mantilla to look complete, and once you get it arranged correctly it adds a very Spanish touch. A+ The pantalettes - I LOVE THIS PIECE! IThe pantalettes are sewn in one-piece like a pair of overalls. The majority is made of cotton, and the straps are woven. The bottoms are gathered in ruffles with a ribbon stitched over the top. Though the piece velcros up the back, there are tiny buttons stitched to the front, as well as a white ribbon. This is kind of impressive detail, considering you'll probably never see the pantalettes without something over them. Again, these are a necessary piece because the dress would look too short otherwise - they are also very handy for the party dress and probably for Josefina's new fiesta dress. A+ The stockings - Not much to discuss here, really. They're made of stretchy, ribbed tights-like material - I have a pair of Samantha's Christmas tights and they are the same fabric. They go past Josefina's knees and are the same style as the socks of her shoes and socks. I actually pair these stockings with her party dress, too. For what they are, I give them an A. The shoes - the shoes are kind of boring but they certainly don't detract from the dress. They are simple slip-ons, made of a thin but sturdy material that may be representative of leather. They fit well over the stockings. I have the velvet flats from the AGT First Day Outfit and these are very similar. A Last Edit: Mar 23, 2009 14:50:33 GMT -5 by Wickfield Post by SummerofLOV on May 7, 2009 17:19:27 GMT -5 I really like this outfit for Josefina. I was surprised to learn the dress was cotton when I received because in pictures it always looked more shiny to me, but I love that its cotton. The pantalettes, socks and shoes that come with it are a great addition, I use the shoes with other Josefina outfits as well. The best part of this set is the mantilla that comes with it, it looks so beautiful on Josefina! <b>A</b> Post by green chile supergirl on May 30, 2009 19:42:28 GMT -5 Josefina sewed this gown all by herself, with fancy material from Abuelito and instructions from Tia Dolores's Mexico City sewing book. I nominate this outfit for Best Value of all of Josefina's outfits. The dress is really striking. At first, I didn't particularly care for the print, but it has grown on me considerably over the years. The socks are very versatile; unlike the ones from her shoes and socks sets, these socks actually fit under her slippers- and her moccasins! The undergarment is very elegant- my Josefina likes to wear it under all her empire-waisted dresses. The mantilla is a gorgeous addition to the outfit. I found it a bit difficult to put on Josefina when she's wearing two French braids, but it all worked out in the end. Post by FelicityFan85 on Dec 29, 2009 16:02:49 GMT -5 This is a lovely dress for Josefina. I love the regency style and the fabric pattern. It comes with fancy undergarments, socks, shoes and a mantilla-lots of nice pieces. Josefina looks very pretty. A+! Christmas Dress ~ I have Kaya dressed in Josefina's holiday dress. Isn't she stunning! I think her coloring is really complimented by this dress. I didn't like the pattern until I saw it in person, it was kind of dizzying at first glance. I love the thin black ribbon and bow detail. I think this dress is well worth the purchasing price. I bought this dress used so I am missing her socks and slippers but I think my alternatives still work to complete the look. Oh and the comb and mantilla are so delicate looking. It's nice to have a holiday look that's not red and green. A Il n'y a pas de voler sans ailes. ~There is no flying without wings.~
Make the Switch! It’s easy to substitute ocean-friendly seafood in your favorite recipes. We checked in with chef and sustainable seafood advocate, Barton Seaver, to get his take on sustainable and tasty alternatives. Here’s a list of popular, yet unsustainably fished, favorites with their more ocean-friendly replacements. ATLANTIC BLUEFIN TUNA: replace with pole-caught Yellowfin tuna, Albacore, Wahoo Bluefin is the king of the sea. It is the fattiest, richest fish in the sea. Bluefin’s unique flavor contributes to its great appeal. However, we have eaten our way through this species’ ranks and have forfeited our ability to consume this fish. It is a taste that may be lost for many generations to come, maybe forever. However, in most preparations Bluefin can be substituted by pole-caught Yellowfin tuna which, although not quite as elegant, is a great eating experience. For preparations such as grilled tuna, try to seek out Albacore or even the tuna cousin Wahoo. ATLANTIC FARMED SALMON: replace with King, Sockeye, Coho, Pink & Chum Salmon Substituting for farmed Atlantic Salmon is easy: look for the great quality salmon options from Alaska. All five species of Salmon from Alaska are great stand-ins for farmed salmon. Experiment with the different species to find the one that you like the best. King Salmon is the richest, Sockeye the gamiest, Coho the most balanced, Pink the lightest, and Chum is the most similar to farmed Atlantic Salmon in flavor. CHILEAN SEA BASS (a.k.a. Patagonian Toothfish): replace with Alaskan Sablefish/Black Cod As a substitute for any preparation of Chilean Sea Bass, try Alaskan Sablefish. Also know as Black Cod, these fish share the same buttery rich flesh which can be cooked using almost any method. Sablefish is available year round and is quite a bit less expensive than Chilean Sea Bass. Sablefish comes from the very well managed fisheries in Alaska, read more about this species here. ATLANTIC COD: replace with Pacific Cod, Pacific Ling Cod or Alaskan Walleye Pollock Atlantic cod has a very similar cousin on the west coast called Pacific Cod which is nearly an identical stand-in for most recipes. The same flaky yet dense flesh cooks with the same distinctive flavor and responds well to the wide variety of cooking methods usually written for Atlantic cod. Also try Pacific Ling Cod or Alaskan Walleye Pollock as a substitute. FRESHWATER EEL: replace with Spanish Mackerel or American Lobster Try Spanish Mackerel or American Lobster as a substitute for the dense fleshed Freshwater Eel. Both share a deep, rich flavor which pairs well with a preparation in which a sweetened sauce is used. Try glazing the mackerel fillet with a traditional hoisin-based sauce or a little lemon juice mixed with honey or maple syrup. For traditional Italian style dishes, the Mackerel braises equally as well as the Eel and is great when cooked slowly in white wine as part of a traditional Feast of the Seven Fishes dinner around Christmas-time. GROUPERS: replace with Striped Bass or farmed Barramundi (U.S.) Instead of Grouper, try Striped Bass as it has a similar sweet flavor with a thick flaky fillet. It is great with a traditional ‘blackening’ spice on the grill and also takes very well to techniques such as beer-battered and sautéed for tacos as well. There are also a number of farmed options that work quite well as a replacement. Try farmed Barramundi from the U.S. This fish has a delicate skin and clean, sweet flavor very reminiscent of smaller groupers. ATLANTIC HALIBUT: replace with Pacific Halibut This is a no brainer–eat Pacific Halibut. The fish come from sustainably-managed populations ranging all along the west coast of the U.S. and Canada. It is nearly the same eating experience and is oftentimes less expensive and easier to find than its Atlantic brethren. ORANGE ROUGHY: replace with U.S. farm raised Tilapia or U.S. farmed Catfish, Pacific Halibut Orange Roughy is a meaty white-fleshed fish which can be replaced by a number of options. Good quality farm raised Tilapia from the U.S. is a great example. Try brining the Tilapia before cooking in order to really develop the flavor of the fish. If it’s slowly roasted with a pat of butter on top, most of your dinner guests might not ever know the difference. Also try U.S. farmed Catfish or Pacific Halibut as a great substitute. My favorite recipes for shark-like fish all start with a good marinade in acid such as lemon juice or sherry vinegar with a lot of spices. SHRIMP: replace with Oregon Pink or Maine Pink shrimp, some U.S. farmed shrimp There are some FANTASTIC shrimp out there that nearly no one knows about. Oregon Pink Shrimp or Maine Pinks are a delicious product that is very inexpensive and very convenient. Available all year round as a frozen product, these work well in soups, salads, cocktails, sandwiches, nearly every preparation you can imagine. They are smaller than the warm water shrimp but are clean and sweet in flavor and a real treat. There are some farm raised shrimp options available from U.S. producers which are great eating. They are only a little more expensive and you can eat well knowing that you are supporting not only eco-friendly practices but also helping to create jobs for Americans. SNAPPERS: replace with U.S. farmed Barramundi In recipes that call for Snapper, try U.S. farmed Barramundi. It is a clean flavored sweet flesh fish that is nearly identical to Snapper in texture. U.S. farmed Barramundi is widely available and a good price for the quality of fish that it is. It works equally as well as a whole roasted preparation as it does cooked as fillets. It’s great in ceviches as well. YELLOWTAIL, IMPORTED: replace with U.S. farmed Yellowtail or mackerels Instead of imported Yellowtail, try the excellent product from U.S. farms. It is a fantastic eat with a super oily, rich flesh. It is great as a raw dish but equally fantastic as a grilled or roasted dish. You can also try mackerels with recipes that call for Yellowtail. You might find a new favorite!! ALBACORE TUNA: replace with pole -& troll-caught Albacore, Wahoo, Mahimahi Be sure to look for pole- and troll-caught Albacore at the seafood counter. It is caught in a way that greatly reduces the environmental impact of the fishery. Albacore is a delicious species that is similar in cooking to seafood such as Wahoo and Mahimahi. All of these fish are great on the grill and Tuna and Wahoo are great cooked to medium rare. When using Mahimahi as a replacement, be sure to cook it fully for the best flavor and texture. BIGEYE TUNA: replace with pole-caught Yellowfin or Albacore tuna, Wahoo Look for pole- and troll-caught tuna at the seafood counter. If you cannot conclude how the fish was caught look for pole-caught Yellowfin or Albacore tuna or Wahoo as a substitute. All of these species are great on the grill and are best when cooked to medium rare. QUEEN CONCH: replace with mullels, clams, lobster There are many options when it comes to conch. Depending on the recipe you are using Conch can be substituted for by mussels, clams, and even lobster. If you are making a ceviche-style preparation try using steamed and chilled mussels. If making fritters try using ground or chopped clams as a base. If you are making sautéed cutlets, then American lobster makes for a great ocean-friendly replacement. ATLANTIC FLOUNDERS: Pacific Sole (U.S. & Canada), Pacific Halibut, Sablefish Pacific Sole–including Rock Sole, Dover Sole, Petrale Sole and Yellowfin Sole from the U.S. and Canada–are the closest substitute for this perennial favorite seafood. Flatfish all share a sweet yet mild flavor and a delicate texture that deserves accolades. The Pacific Soles listed above are a near exact trade while larger fish such as Pacific Halibut and Sablefish provide the same cooking qualities and will work with most recipes. When using Pacific Halibut you can slice thick fillets into thinner pieces so as to approximate the same cooking times and textures. HOKI: replace with Walleye Pollock, Sablefish Walleye Pollock is a great no-brainer sub for Hoki. Nearly identical in cooking qualities, it will stand-in perfectly in any recipe. Also try Sablefish for a slightly different texture with a sweeter, more pronounced flavor. OCTOPUS: replace with Argentine or Longfin Squid In almost any situation Argentine or Longfin Squid can be a great substitute for Octopus. Squid however does not need nearly as much time to cook as Octopus. Squid does remarkably well with a quick grill or a minute under the broiler. It pairs well with the Mediterranean flavors often combined with octopus. WEST COAST ROCKFISH: replace with Striped Bass, Pacific Halibut Not to be confused with the regional East Coast name for Striped Bass, rockfish belong to a family of fish with over 60 species found along the West Coast. Striped bass does, however, provide a great substitute as it shares the same dense yet flaky characteristics with a robust flavor that stands up to strong spices. Also try Pacific Halibut as it cooks in about the same time and can be a good substitute for many of the rockfish species. STEELHEAD: replace with Alaskan Salmon, Sockeye It’s very easy to trade any of the Alaskan Salmon for Steelhead. All have the same characteristic rosy-orange flesh and unique salmon flavor. My favorite is probably Sockeye in that it matches the Steelhead in terms of the gamey intense flavor that people love. “One of the most important sustainable practices you can participate in is decreasing the portion of the protein in your meals. Eating larger quantities of vegetables and grains has an immediate, positive affect on both our ocean and our health. Eat delicious seafood often – just eat reasonable portions, combine it with copious quantities of fresh local vegetables, and support the fishermen and farmers who provide for our well-being.” –Chef Barton Seaver
Almost in every Russian village there is a story about a drowned tractor. Many tractors were being drowned during the Soviet period. During Soviet period of Russia all the vehicles belonged to a governmental structures and all the people worked in those structures, there were no any private farmer. So the governmental property was not treated with care. Often drunk tractor drivers were fond of visiting lakes and rivers accompanied with Russian girls for some swimming and just for tractor riding fun (during Soviet period there were almost no passenger cars in private ownership in Russian countryside). Often such trips were finished with a drowned tractor. Just like on the pictures below: What else can be done – just some silent observation of the fact. It’s interesting, the buckle of this machine is moving, is it a result of some short circuit convulsion? I bet those guys are passers by from some major Russian city. People in Russian cities are also amused on facts happening in the countryside. The sign that the guy in a light coat is showing means “bottle of vodka”. At the end of Soviet era (80s) there was an alcohol prohibition across the Soviet Union, and different taxi drivers, truck drivers or just people driving across Russian roads carried some extra bottle of vodka as a source of income, if he saw somebody on the roadside showing such a sign that meant that he is not a hitchhiker but he is expressing an interest in buying a bottle or two. The old guy seems to be unhappy. Unhappy with the tractor in the water and unhappy with an extra attention being paid from the side of the photographer. Here is how the vehicle would be rescued. Another tractor is going to pull it out from the water. But why there is one more tractor? Mission is completed, and that’s nice. Nowadays it seems to be also a common fun on riding a tractor in some changed state of mind. How else such things can be explained? By the way in North-West regions of Russia each fall there are a lot of psychedelic mushrooms can be found across the fields and forests. They contain an active drug psilocybin, it has the same nature as mescaline of Mexican magic mushrooms or LSD, the strongest hallucinogenic drug. I am not sure that tractor drivers are fond of using this kind of fun, though some people in Russia are sure that ability to get a rich crop of such mushrooms freely without any expense except a fast trip into nearby forest is the gift from some Higher beings. Who knows.
Tuesday, 10 July 2012 This is still a work in progress. I've just ordered some Tim Holtz Hitch Fasteners to go on the front of the drawer but as I haven't posted anything for a while again and I'm supposed to be making more of an effort I thought I'd put it on anyway. The papers are by Do Crafts The stamp and sentiment are by Crafter's Companion The banner stamp is from a set by Do Crafts The image is part coloured with Twinkling H2Os and part paper pieced The flowers and leaves on the left are dies by Marianne Designs The leaves on the right are a die by Little Claire Designs Oh and the fancy scalloped edging is a die from the Spellbinders Edgeablities range. I think that's covered everything. :0) Wednesday, 27 June 2012 I have a friend who likes me to make special cards for her for her family but she usually has a very clear idea about what she wants on it. This can be both a blessing and a curse. For her dad's 50th she wanted a card with a picture of a motorbike on it, balloons, glitz but very masculine glitz and on the outside she wanted "To a Dad" and on the inside "who makes turning 50 look cool" The photo of the motorbike I got off the internet which I mounted onto black and then silver metalic card. The patterned paper is by Hot off the Press (I think) which I added silver and black gems to. The balloons and lettering on the front were made using dies by Go Kreate. For the inside I printed the words on the computer and then added the 50 which I made using my Cricut. I again added little silver gems to the 0 to add the bling. To finish I stamped the image of the bike onto white card then cut round it and added it to the bottom corner. Thursday, 14 June 2012 Monday, 31 October 2011 The Cute Card Thursday Challenge this week is a sketch and here is my interpretation of it. The papers are by My Minds Eye. The snowman stamp is by Fun Stamps and coloured with Twinkling H2Os. The snowflakes are made with a paper punch. I made these cards for the ABC Christmas Challenge which this week is Vintage. Well I actually wanted to try out my new stamp from Crafty Individuals and the ABC Christmas challenge just happened to fit my cards but it amounts to the same thing. :0) The papers for both cards are by Kars which I've distressed using scissors. As previously stated the stamp is by Crafty Individuals (fab website and they sent not one, but two free gifts with my order - lovely surprise). The image is coloured with Twinkling H2Os. The snowflakes are made using paper punches. This week's Penny Black Challenge is a sketch. This is my interpretation of it. The papers are all by My Minds Eye. The image is a Penny Black coloured with Twinkling H2Os. The snowflakes are paper punches with small gems in the centre. The swirl is a Sizzix die which I've customised. This weeks "Less is More" Challenge is "Stars" Having looked through all my stamps this is about the only one I have that has stars on it. It is of course a gorgeous Penny Black Stamp which I've coloured with Twinkling H2Os. The sentiment is from the Fizzy Moon collection by Trimcraft. Wednesday, 7 September 2011 My friend asked me to make this card following the birth of her new baby sister Jessica. The wording and is done using dies by Quickutz. The flower is another die but by Marrianne Designs. The little giraffe is cut out from some papers by Dovecraft?
I am so damn tired of Nicki. … Comment posted New Music: Nicki Minaj ft. Cassie – Boys by Ashley. I am so damn tired of Nicki. Been waiting for her to fade away and take a permanent seat for a long time now. Recent comments by Ashley - Chad Johnson Tattoos Evelyn’s Face On His Leg Boo Boo the Fool escapade #32,938 - [Video] HBO’s Hard Knocks Airs Chad Johnson Being Cut From The Miami Dolphins Damn that was awkward as hell to watch… I bet Chad is gon’ cry in the car too. powered by SEO Super Comments
About 0 Search Result for tags:'tamfollow' No match found for this condition, please try another. HINT : We dont support less the 2-letter word, please try long keyword Search.Stagram is a search engine for Instagram photos. You can search Instagram photos using multiple words, keywords and tags. Search.Stagram is a beta project created by Webstagram, the most popular Instagram web viewer. LogIn to remove your photo or change settings.
Is there a limit to how deep heads can bury themselves in the sand? Read More » Despite the Fed's aggressive inflating of the money supply, the metals remain water logged. There is nothing unusual about a 2 to 3 week correction in a roaring bull market. The S&P appears to be consolidating at the 1400 level.
OCCA turns on lights for Christmas season, announces schedule of activities for Santa The Old Colorado City Associates (OCCA) commercial group has announced its plans for Christmas. These include the traditional Santa Claus in the Bancroft Park cabin starting Friday, Nov. 27, as well as Breakfast with Santa Saturday, Dec. 5 from 8 to 11 a.m. at Thunder & Buttons. The OCCA also has started turning on its strands of multicolored lights in the large spruce tree beside Old Town Plaza and on garlands wrapped around poles between 24th and 27th streets along Colorado Avenue. An “official Old Colorado City Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony” is scheduled Tuesday, Nov. 24 at 4 p.m., in the parking lot of the Old Town Plaza at 25th Street and West Colorado Avenue. However, approval for this activity is still needed from the Old Town Plaza board (see adjoining story). OCCA gives the title, “It's Christmas in Old Colorado City” to its promotions for the holiday season. An added Santa perk this year will be the offer of a free 5-by-7 photo for each child who visits him, according to OCCA President Charles Irwin. An Old Colorado City photography business will process each photo over a one-hour span, thus giving visitors a chance to visit the shops while they wait, he said. Santa's dates in the cabin will be Nov. 27-29 and Dec. 5-6, 12-13, and 19-24. The times will be noon to 5 each day except Christmas Eve, when he will get off at 4 p.m. Irwin thanked Colorado Springs Utilities volunteers for recently putting up the OCCA's garland lights. The lights on the spruce tree had been left up since last year. To be on the safe side, Irwin said that board members recently checked for problems in the tree and found no electrical issues (despite the year-long exposure) except for a plug that had to be replaced because of “squirrel damage.” Irwin had previously announced that the OCCA would have less money to spend on Christmas this year because of tight finances. However, he said the group experienced significant saving in bringing in a new Santa. In related Old Town activities... The Unforget-table Images photography business, 2501 W Colorado Ave #109, will provide free services through Dec. 10 for “all military families with deployed family members,” a press release states. Also, the Colorado City Creamery, 2602 W. Colorado Ave., will be a Westside turkey drop for Care and Share. “Bring a turkey to the Colorado City Creamery during the week of Nov. 16 and receive a single ice cream cone for free,” a press release states. Westside Pioneer article
Cyclopædia of Political Science, Political Economy, and the Political History of the United States INTEREST is the product, the increase (incrementum), the return (reditus) from capital. When interest represents the sum paid at fixed periods by the borrower to the loaner of capital, it retains its generic name, or takes the more special designation of rent or income. The price charged by the proprietor for the use of land leased by him, is rent. The term income is more particularly applied to the product of capital employed in commerce, agriculture or manufactures. In brief, interest signifies equally the profit the capitalist derives from the direct employment of his capital, and the return he receives for granting its use to others for a certain length of time. —No difficulty can arise with respect to the profits of a capitalist who employs his own capital: the interest on capital is in this case blended with the product of his labor. If a field be cultivated, or a workshop used by its owner, he has to render no account to any one. The operation is in a certain sense a domestic one, giving rise to nothing requiring regulation. Whether the capital employed by its possessor returns 5 per cent. or 20 per cent., whether it is productive or unproductive, concerns only the producer—pertains only to the proprietor. Nothing in relation to it comes within the province of legislation, which only extends to matters which affect relations among men. But the moment the owner of capital so far relinquishes its use as to lease it, if it be immovable property, or to loan it at interest, if it be movable property, a contract is formed between the one who delivers and the one who receives. From this contract arise rights and obligations for each of the contracting parties, which it is for the law to determine for the advantage of both parties; and consequences also arise from it which it is the mission of political economy to observe, in order to deduce from them, as much for the benefit of individuals as of society, the lessons of experience. —I. LOANS AT INTEREST. Is it permissible to loan at interest? Can one legitimately derive a product from his capital, a revenue from his money? On this question, which no longer seems to be one, the world, until toward the latter part of the last century, was divided. Loans at interest had in their favor the constant practice of peoples, especially of those noted for their progress in wealth, commerce and industry; on the other side were the oracles of religion and the doctors of the law. Now that theology has become more humane on this point, and jurisprudence has relaxed its rigor, socialism has taken up the thesis of the abolition of interest. The sophism has only changed defenders. Instead of justifying this interference with capital on the ground of charity or in consequence of unenlightened views in regard to morality, appeal is now made to envy and the anarchical passions. —The (so-called) laws of Moses recognized the legitimacy of loaning at interest, for it was only prohibited the Jews in their relations with their own countrymen, who were considered as members of the same family; and credit transactions with foreigners, as well as commercial ones, were wholly free. The laws of Solon, made for an essentially commercial people, placed no restriction or limit on the employment of money. At Rome, the severity of the legislation on this subject only provoked disobedience. Capital, which was persecuted, became exacting in proportion to the risks to which it was exposed. Nowhere was theory more strangely in contradiction with practice. Cato, who compared usury (i.e., interest) to assassination, was himself an avaricious and pitiless usurer; and the stern Brutus loaned at 48 per cent. per annum. —In the middle ages the civil and religious authorities were in accord in prohibiting loans at interest. This interdiction, already written in the capitularies of Aix la Chapelle, in 789, was perpetuated in French law until the revolution of 1789. But, during this long millenium, the observance of the legal precept was purely nominal. To evade it, recourse was had to subtleties without number. First the bill of exchange, and afterward the establishment of annuities, furnished the most simple and usual means. Later, people came to tolerate loans by note, discount, and every species of money negotiation between tradesmen. Sovereigns themselves needed to borrow, and were obliged to submit to the conditions of money-lenders. Everywhere the force of circumstances overcame the obstacle of antiquated and anti-social legislation. —The prejudice against loans at interest may be traced back to the time of Aristotle, and has its source in his writings. The following are the terms in which the Greek philosopher teaches the too-well-known doctrine of the sterility of money: "The acquisition of wealth being double, that is to say, at once commercial and domestic, the latter necessary and rightfully esteemed, the former not less justly despised as not being natural and not resulting from the sale of commodities, it is quite right to execrate usury, because it is a mode of acquisition born of money itself and not giving it the destination for which it was created. Money should serve only for exchange, and the interest of it increases it, as its Greek name sufficiently indicates. Here the fathers are absolutely like the children: interest is money which is the issue of money, and of all acquisitions, it is that most contrary to nature." The anathema pronounced by Aristotle against trade in money, extends, as may be seen, to every kind of commercial operation. He did not comprehend, though living in the midst of people pre-eminently commercial, the utility of the rôle commerce plays in society. He did not see that to bring nations into contact with each other, to open the ways to markets, to place products within the reach of consumers, was to give them value, was, in a certain sense, to produce them. —In a treatise aimed against loans at interest, another Greek moralist, Plutarch, exclaims: "What! you are men, you have feet, hands, and a voice, and you say you do not know how to get a living! The ants neither borrow nor lend; yet they have not hands, or arts, or reason; but they live by their labor, because they are content with things necessary. If people were willing to be content with things necessary, there would be no more usurers than there are centaurs." Plutarch here alludes to the rich who expended money in excess of their income, and who ruined themselves by loans contracted to give free indulgence to passing fancies; but, even in those times, the debauchees and prodigals were not the only ones who borrowed. There were already industries which needed capital, and traders who had recourse to interest loans, or loans for a share in the profits to bring their operations to an end or to extend them. The treasures accumulated by saving acquired by commerce, or obtained by victory, were not always dissipated in luxury and in pleasures; they sometimes served to stimulate production and to develop wealth. Money was at that time an instrument of labor. The capitalists who loaned it for that use, rendered service to borrowers and to society. They had consequently a right to receive pay for this service. Plutarch, on account of his preoccupation with the abuses of loans at interest, failed to perceive their good results. —The fathers of the church who treated this question, only copied Aristotle and Plutarch. "The lenders," said St. Basil, "enrich themselves by the poverty of others; they derive advantage from the hunger and nakedness of the poor. To take interest, is to gather where one has not sown." St. Chrysostom, insisting on this argument, exclaims, in a style loaded with metaphors: "What is there more unreasonable than to sow without land, without rain, without a plowshare? All those who devote themselves to that damnable agriculture, harvest only tares. * * * Let us, then, cut off these monstrous children begotten of gold and silver, let us stifle this execrable fecundity * * *." St. Ambrose, St. Augustine and St. Jerome held the same language. The following is a dilemma of the latter, which, if it is inspired by charity, is hardly so by logic: "Have you loaned to him who had, or to him who had not? If he had, why loan to him? If he had not, why do you ask of him more, as if he had?" —It is easy to reply that if one loans to those who have, it is because they do not always hold all their resources at their full disposal, and a timely loan of money permits them to await the receipt of their revenues. As to those who possess nothing, by loaning them capital one gives them the means of making their labor productive; one places in their hand the lever of wealth. If they had no credit, they would be still poorer; and they should at least, in consideration of the unexpected good, pay for the use of the money they have borrowed. —Another doctor in the church, Gerson, the author of "Imitation of Christ," says: "It is better that there be some light usuries which procure help for the indigent, than to see them reduced by poverty to theft, waste of property, and selling their furniture and immovable property at a very low price." —The church also condemned sales on time, as a stipulation was made in them in regard to interest on deferred payments. This was, according to the schoolmen, "to sell time, which can not be sold, since God has made it common to all." Strange to say, this maxim of the canon law was first proclaimed by the council of Coventry, in England, the very country where the popular adage, "Time is money," was afterward invented. —But no one carried the prejudice against loans at interest (which, since the ninth century, had been stigmatized by the name of usury) farther than Luther, the originator of the religious reformation. His view of the subject is thus given in his "Table Talk": "The civil laws themselves prohibit usury. To exchange anything with any one and gain by the exchange is not a deed of charity; it is robbery. Every usurer is a robber worthy of the gibbet. I call those usurers who loan at five or six per cent. To-day, at Leipzig, he who loans a hundred florins, asks forty for them at the end of the year as interest on his money. Do you think God will tolerate such a thing? There is nothing under the sun I hate so much as that city of Leipzig; there is so much usury, avarice, insolence, trickery and rapacity there." —More passion than knowledge entered into the judgment given by Luther. The Roman church had at that time relaxed its severity in regard to loans at interest. Its allies, the Florentines, had become rich by trading in money throughout Europe. In inveighing against bankers, Luther thought he was also inveighing against popes. Calvin showed better judgment, in not allowing himself to be turned from the examination of doctrines by considerations of party or of persons. He vigorously attacked the economic theory of Aristotle on the sterility of money. "Money, it is said, does not beget money. And does the sea produce it? Is it the fruit of a house, for the use of which, nevertheless, I receive a rent? Is money begotten, to speak properly, from the roof and walls? No, but the earth produces it; the sea bears ships which serve in a productive commerce, and with a sum of money a comfortable dwelling may be procured. If, then, more profit can be derived from money negotiations than from the cultivation of a field, why should not the possessor of a sum of money be permitted to derive from it any sum whatever, since the proprietor of a sterile field is permitted to lease it for a farm rent? And when land is acquired by the payment of money, does not this capital produce an annual revenue? What, pray, is the source of the profits of the merchant? His industry, you will say, and his diligence. Who doubts that money unemployed is useless wealth? He who demands capital, apparently wishes to use it as an instrument of production. It is not then from the money itself that the profit comes, but from the use that is made of it." (Calvin's letters.) —Doctrines have as much influence as laws on the development of public prosperity. Protestant nations certainly owe to Calvin their superiority to Catholic nations, since the sixteenth century, in commerce and manufactures. Freedom to loan for interest gave rise in them to credit; and credit has doubled their power. —Not until two centuries later did Montesquieu dare, for the first time in France, to profess the same principles. "Money," says the author of the "Spirit of Laws," "is the sign of values. It is clear that he who needs this sign should hire it, as he does other things he needs. * * * It is indeed a very kind act to loan money to a person without interest; but we perceive that this can only be a religious precept and not a civil law. In order that commerce be successful, money must have a value. If money has no value, no one will loan it, and the merchant can no longer undertake anything. I err in saying that no one will loan it. The business of society must always go on: usury becomes established, but with the disadvantages always experienced from it. The law of Mohammed confounds usury with interest. Usury increases, in Mohammedan countries, in proportion to the severity of the prohibition. The lender indemnifies himself for the peril of the contravention." —Montesquieu here, under cover of his criticism of the laws of Mohammed, brings a charge against Christian society. Loaning at interest was still under condemnation in France, both by the canons of the church and the laws of the state, at the time when the "Spirit of Laws" appeared. A magistrate could less openly brave that double authority than any other citizen. Hence the artifice of the author. He applies his criticism to the past, or transfers it to the Orient. It is for French society to recognize itself in the picture, if it desires. The following reign relieved writers from that somewhat hypocritical reserve; and political economy, in the writings of Turgot, set forth principles with entire freedom. —The constituent assembly sanctioned these principles. The law of Oct. 12, 1789, by proclaiming the legitimacy of loans at interest, put an end to a controversy which had been prolonged for twenty centuries: "All private citizens, bodies, communities and mortmain people" (i.e., those holding property which they could not alienate) "shall be able henceforth to loan for a fixed time, for interest stipulated according to the rates determined by law." The new law was written, in terms no less explicit, in article 1905 of the civil code, thus: "It is permitted to stipulate interest for a simple loan, whether of money or provisions or other movable property." —Since that time loans at interest have been in accordance with civil law in France. Is this likewise natural law? Can reason, based upon the principles of morality and public utility, approve what the law declares? The Catholic church itself no longer contests it. If any are still doubtful on this point, we would refer them to the fine dissertations of the Cardinal of Luzerne and Cardinal Gousset. And as to the jurists who still rely on the arguments of Pothier, they have only to read the learned and often eloquent refutation of them given by M. Troplong, in his "Treatise on Loans." But the thesis which jurisprudence and theology have abandoned, has become a revolutionary commonplace. Loans at interest could find no favor with the socialistic school, which has declared war on capital, and on whose banner is inscribed: "Property is robbery." The theological school, in its arguments against interest loans, showed itself inconsistent. While it forbade the capitalist to collect a monthly or an annual due for the money borrowed of him, it permitted the landowner to lease his land in consideration of a farm rent, and to grant the use of his house to a tenant for a stipulated sum. The prohibition consequently applied to the form of the investment and not to the investment itself. The capitalist was prohibited, not from investing his capital, but from investing it in a certain manner. For lack of having analyzed the nature and having followed in its course the circulation of wealth, and, in consequence, of taking the sign for the thing signified, and the precious metals for value, a sort of embargo was put on money. In virtue of a preconceived theory which represented money as a sterile metal, they really impressed it with sterility. —It is clear, however, that if the possessor of a sum of money has not the right to make it productive and to derive a revenue from it, the possessor of land could not, with any better right, lease it to a farmer to cultivate, in consideration of an income or rent from it. The earth, in fact, does not spontaneously engender a revenue any more than does money. Under both forms, capital is only the instrument of labor. He who receives it, must pay the price to him who leases it. The borrower owes the price in both cases, or he owes it in neither. There is no way of getting out of this dilemma. —"Coined money," says M. Troplong very justly, "the creation of man and not of nature, is in turn utilized as a commodity, or as a sign of values, without there being any reason to cry out against this two-fold employment of it. It must submit to the condition of matter, which is to be a slave of man, and must serve all the uses and necessities that it can reasonably satisfy. So far, then, from disparaging the means of acquisition invented by the genius of man, in imitation of the natural and primitive means of acquisition, we should, on the contrary, recognize that this is the masterpiece of civilization, which opens to social activity new careers, new sources of labor, new and admirable means of promoting comfort among the classes who have inherited no wealth. Plutarch thought he was overwhelming the loaners by an irresistible argument, when he told them that they made something out of nothing. But, without knowing it, he gave the finest eulogy on credit which derives wealth from sterility. Money is no more impressed with infecundity than everything around us; for there is nothing productive for man save what is fertilized by labor or utilized by necessities which pay for their satisfaction. What would the earth produce, save tares and thistles, without the plowshare? What revenue would a house give its owner, if the necessity of a dwelling did not oblige a neighbor to lease it? * * Money becomes productive by the need the borrower has of it, the same as a building becomes productive by the need the tenant experiences of occupying it. Money is sterile only when it remains unemployed. Hence we see the confusion into which the canonists fall, when, granting that money may be made productive by industry, they insist on saying that in interest loans, it is the industry of the borrower, which, keeping the money active, renders it productive, and that, since the lender has no part in that industry, he should have no part in the benefits it procures. But what matters it to the lender what use the borrower makes of the loan? * * It is about as if the lessor of property should have scruples about the legitimacy of his contract because the tenant who rented his house did not occupy it. * * The price the lender receives is not a part of the profit the borrower will make by his industry; it is the price of the transfer which the lender makes to him, for a certain time, of the ownership of a sum that he has declared will be useful to him: a price the legitimacy of which rests on the deprivation the lender imposes upon himself, and on the advantage alleged by the borrower, usura propter usum." —What M. Troplong here affirms, with general assent, is exactly what socialism denies. "He who lends," says Proudhon, "in the ordinary conditions of the trade of the lender, does not deprive himself of the capital which he lends; he lends it, because he has nothing to do with it for himself, being sufficiently provided with capital; he loans it, in short, because it is neither his desire, nor within his power, to give it value himself; because in keeping it in his hands, this capital, sterile by nature, would remain sterile; while, by the loan and the interest resulting from it, he produces a profit which enables the capitalist to live without labor." (From third letter to M. Bastiat.) —That eminent economist, M. Bastiat, whose early loss to economic science we deplore, has remarked that this argument attacks sales as well as loans. If it can be alleged that the possessor of a sum of money does not deprive himself of it, by loaning it, why could we not say the same of the one who sells commodities which he possesses in too great abundance? The system of Proudhon would render every commercial transaction impossible, because there is not a single one which is not based on interest on the capital invested. —But we do not need to appeal to analogies nor to enter upon comparisons, to refute a theory based on a position outside of facts accepted by everybody, and in opposition to these facts. Let us go directly to the root of the sophism. Socialism claims that the loan should not bear interest while the one who loans does not deprive himself, and that the lender suffers no privation while the capital loaned would remain sterile in his hands. This is an absolutely gratuitous allegation. First, if the capital borrowed must not produce interest, I can not see why the capitalist should part with it in favor of the borrower. People keep money only to derive an income from it; and if money must remain unproductive, people will cease to loan it. This will be the end of credit. —But nothing appears to have a weaker foundation than this thesis of the necessary unproductiveness of capital in the hands of the capitalist. In one form or another, a capitalist always employs his money. He loans it at interest only when other forms of investment offer either a less return or one more uncertain; but in lack of a profitable loan, what prevents him from employing his money in agriculture, manufactures or commerce? It is surely lawful for him to buy land or a manufactory; and if he does not wish to put his own hand to the work, he can always take an agriculturist or a manufacturer as a partner, invest his funds in a joint stock association, or obtain shares in some marine enterprise or in railroads. In interdicting loans at interest, the socialists have forgotten to interdict association or to close the ways to human activity. —The socialists, however, more consistent in this than the canonists, prohibit rent of land as well as interest on money. For them, the productiveness of capital, as Proudhon does not hesitate to say, is a pure fiction. What is there, if one reasons in this way, real in the world? Will the socialists always have eyes only not to see? The earth, from one end to the other of the countries which civilization has touched with its wand, recounts the marvels of capital. Capital is everywhere present. It is the universal motor, the soul of industry; it is the trace of the sojourn or the passage of man on the earth, that which distinguishes culture from barbarism. The power of a people is measured by the extent of its accumulation of labor. A farm in Beance, in France, of the same extent of land as could be bought in Canada or New Zealand for $800, would cost $80,000; and in an uninhabited country it can be had for nothing. Whence the difference in value? From the fact that the land which the colonists buy in New Zealand, for instance, is land yet to be tilled, land without capital; while he who acquires a domain in Beauce pays for the capital incorporated in it. The productiveness of soil enriched by fertilizers, improved by cultivation, provided with cattle and instruments of tillage, furnished with farm buildings and dwellings, and near to great markets—all these make the difference. —And should the owner of this wealth, which often represents the accumulated labor of many centuries, rent it for nothing, like land covered with bushes and brambles, such as met the eyes of the first occupant? Not only would this be contrary to equity, but it would be physically impossible. A state of society in which proprietors who did not cultivate the soil with their own hands should be condemned to give it over, without compensation, to farmers who would derive the benefits of the labor previously expended on it, in addition to the profits from their own labor, would not be long in coming to an end. The abolition of rent would speedily entail the abolition of property. —The socialistic theory of exchange belongs to a purely imaginary world. At no period of history has it even begun to be applied. Suppose men reduced to their own powers in a newly forming society. As certain individuals prove to be more richly endowed by nature or make a better use of their faculties, there will necessarily be workmen who will produce more than others, whose products will not find their equivalents in exchange, and will form an excess, a reserve, a capital; hence inequality of conditions and of fortunes. This inequality, when it exists, is transmitted or may be transmitted. Property implies inheritance. When we recognize in man the right to dispose of the results of his labor, we are inevitably led to admit that he may dispose, by the same right, of the results of labor which have been accumulated by him or his ancestors—in a word, of capital. To arrest this natural direction of human activity, the Banque du Peuple is a poor invention. [An allusion to a "People's Bank" instituted by Proudhon for the suppression of capital. E. J. L.] It would not, in fact, be sufficient to abolish rent of money and rent of land; it would be necessary, by a more radical and more logical process, to go so far as to abolish property. Communism is the last term of that theory, in which a subtle mind has imperfectly succeeded in disguising the absurdity and violence of the ideas by the novelty and charm of the form. —II. RATE OF INTEREST. The legitimateness of loans at interest is to-day recognized in the principal states of Europe. But while abandoning the ground of absolute prohibition, governments have not had the courage openly to avow the doctrines of liberty. Just as it is sought to protect agriculture and manufactures against foreign competition, it is claimed that the cause of the borrower may be defended against the lender, and of the poor against the rich, by fixing the rate of interest or limiting it by the establishment of a maximum. Whoever, in loaning, exceeds this legal rate, exposes himself to a penalty. Usury no longer signifies the interest on money. This word, modified from its primitive sense, takes an opprobrious meaning, and becomes a mark of infamy. To invest one's money at a rate the law discountenances, is called practicing usury, and is to commit a crime. —The laws which interdicted loans at interest have had their day; the laws which regulate the rate of interest will pass away in like manner. By examining the effects of this legislation, it is easy to show that it defeats its purpose. What is proposed to be accomplished by excepting money from the common rule of values, the level of which is determined by competition in the market? It is desired to prevent the price of that commodity from rising beyond measure, or, in other words, to oppose a barrier to the rise in interest. Now, observation teaches us that the more restrictions the laws have placed upon trade in money, in the past, the higher has become the rent of capital. The penalties against usury give rise to it or develop it; they are an added risk to those naturally connected with investments of capital. In compensation for this additional peril, the lender can not fail to demand a premium. The laws which augment the risk also discourage competition. The number of lenders and the amount of the disposable capital then diminishes, the number and eagerness of the borrowers remaining the same; and people are then astonished at the high price of the commodity, when they have done all they could to produce this condition of the market! —In ancient times, the peoples who allowed the greatest liberty in the investment of capital were also those who saw commerce and the industries flourish in their midst, and among whom borrowers obtained the most moderate terms from lenders. The nations, on the contrary, who gave no latitude to credit transactions, or security for credits, were obliged to submit to pay more dearly than others for money. The history of Athens and that of Rome present conspicuous and instructive types of this contrast. At Rome a debtor who did not meet his engagements when due became the slave of the creditor. At Athens the right of the creditor to the person of the debtor was abolished by the laws of Solon. Solon did not attempt to regulate the interest on money, and no trace of usury laws is found in the annals of that commercial republic. The rate of interest at Athens varied according to the circumstances and with the security offered by borrowers. The lowest rate appears to have been 10 per cent.: this was in fact a very moderate charge for movable capital, at a time when the income from land was 12 per cent. to those who did not work their lands themselves, and when maritime commerce, which attracted money as well as men, borrowed at from 20 per cent. to 36 per cent., and when the industries, employing slaves as workmen, returned fabulous profits. The interest on money was in proportion to the profits on labor; and here we see why the question of debts, that permanent cause of troubles in the Roman empire, never excited either commotions or political agitations in Greece. —In the early days of the Roman republic the rate of interest was not regulated by law. M. Troplong considers this latitude in regard to transactions as the cause of the oppression the people suffered from the patricians. But did the law of the Twelve Tables, which fixed the interest at 10 per cent. per annum, diminish the ravages of usury at Rome, and bring about a fall in interest? M. Troplong himself cites from Titus Livy and Plutarch numerous instances which superabundantly prove the contrary. Montesquieu was not in error on this point. "As the Roman people," he says, "were daily becoming more powerful, the magistrates sought to flatter them by having such laws enacted as were most pleasing to them: capital was restricted; interest diminished and finally prohibited; bodily constraint was taken away; and at last the abolition of debts was proposed, whenever a tribune wished to render himself popular. These continual changes, either by laws or by piebiscits, naturalized usury at Rome; for the creditors, seeing the people their debtors, their legislators and their judges, had no longer any confidence in contracts. The people, like discredited debtors, could borrow only at high rates; and this was the more so, because, though the laws only occasionally interfered, the complaints of the people were continuous, and always intimidated the creditors. Thus were all honorable means of loaning and borrowing abolished at Rome, and a frightful usury became established." —The results in modern times have been the same. The only nations or states in which the trade in money has been most regular and confined to reasonable limits, are the very ones where the greatest freedom in money transactions has been tolerated or authorized. It is sufficient to mention Genoa, Venice, Florence, Holland and England. Holland, in the seventeenth century, although its credit was weakened by war, borrowed at 4 per cent.; in England, the current interest was 3 per cent. toward the middle of the eighteenth century. Owing to their ability to give value to their capital, the Florentines and Milanese, in the sixteenth century, under the name of Lombards, took the place of the Jews, in a large way, and became the bankers of Europe. Freedom in the matter of interest favored the establishment of credit institutions. The foundation of the bank of England and that of Amsterdam were nearly a century earlier than that of the bank of France. —Moreover, the fall in interest and the development of commerce, in the states where there was the greatest toleration for credit transactions, appear to have followed step by step the progress of this liberty. Thus, in England, Henry VIII. had fixed the rate of interest at 10 per cent. Edward VI. absolutely interdicted loaning at interest. Elizabeth gave an impulse to trade by abrogating the statute of Edward and re-established 10 per cent. as a maximum rate, thus indirectly giving much latitude to traffic in money. —The statute of Queen Anne fixed the rate of interest at 5 per cent. per annum, and pronounced every contract void in which the interest should exceed this rate. In accordance with the usual practice of the English, who rarely act from general principles, this statute was long nominally in force after being allowed to become practically obsolete. Then it was abrogated by successive degrees, a part at a time. The act of the fifty-ninth year of George III. (1812) was the first attack made on the principle. It was enacted that a bill of exchange or a bill payable to order, which might be declared void because of usury, should be valid in the hands of one who had taken it in good faith. Then came the act of the fourth year of William IV. (1833), which, in renewing the privilege of the bank of England, abrogated the usury laws in the kingdom, so far as bills of exchange and notes payable to order on three months or less were concerned. The act of the first year of Victoria's reign extended the exemption to bills of exchange and notes payable to order, the term of which did not extend beyond a year; and the act of the third year of the same reign comprehended also all loan contracts made for sums which exceeded £10, provided the loan was not secured by a mortgage on real estate. —In consequence of the latter provision, landed property had now to pay higher than the current market rates for money, and was, therefore, at a disadvantage in comparison with manufactures and commerce. Such an inequality before the law could not permanently continue. In 1854 a law was enacted (17 and 18 Vict., ch. 90) repealing all existing statutes against usury, though not touching the statutes in reference to pawnbrokers. These were modified later (35 and 36 Vict., ch. 93). —The above-mentioned changes in the laws made to regulate the rate of interest appear to have been a result of the celebrated resolutions which were reported to the house of commons in 1818, in the following language. "1st, Resolved, that it is the opinion of this committee that the laws regulating or restraining the rate of interest have been extensively evaded, and have failed of the effect of imposing a maximum on such rate; and of late years, from the constant excess of the market rate of interest above the rate limited by law, they have added to the expense incurred by borrowers on real security, and that such borrowers have been compelled to resort to the mode of granting annuities on lives, a mode which has been made a cover for obtaining higher interest than the rate limited by law, and has further subjected the borrowers to enormous charges or forced them to make very disadvantageous sales of their estates. 2d, Resolved, that it is the opinion of this committee that the construction of such laws, as applicable to the transactions of commerce as at present carried on, have been attended with much uncertainty as to the legality of many transactions of frequent occurrence, and consequently been productive of much embarrassment and litigation. 3d, Resolved. that it is the opinion of this committee that the present period, when the market rate of interest is below the legal rate, affords an opportunity peculiarly proper for the repeal of said laws." —As to the effect of the repeal of these laws, unexceptionable official documents permit us to judge. In the year 1841 the bank of England took the initiative in that regard, and, in a country where it is customary to follow public opinion rather than to lead it, did not hesitate to give an impetus to public thought. On May 13, its court of directors met and embodied the results of eight years' experience in the following declaration: "Resolved, That the modification of the usury laws at present existing has contributed greatly to facilitate the operations of the bank, and is essential for the proper management of its circulation." Parliament, on its side, determined to obtain evidence of the good or bad results of the partial repeal of the usury laws. The house of lords, in the year 1841, investigated the subject, and the testimony brought before it (published in 1845), casts much light on the question. —A distinguished economist. Mr. Norman, after having called attention to the fact that the bank of England, thanks to freedom of interest, had successively fixed the rate of discount, following the variations of the market, from 4 to 4½ per cent. on July 21, 1836; at 5 per cent. on Sept. 1 of the same year; at 5½ per cent. on June 20, 1839; and at 6 per cent. on Aug. 1 of the same year; terminated his deposition in these terms: "I have always regarded with surprise and admiration the way in which the mercantile pressure of 1839 was borne. It was very severe, and the number of failures of consequence was certainly small; and I can not help attributing in some degree the manner in which that pressure was sustained, comparing it with what had occurred on similar occasions previously, such as in 1826, to the state of the law which enabled capital and loanable accommodation to flow into those channels where it was most wanted and could be best paid for—in fact, into its natural channels." —One of the most eminent practical bankers, Saml. J. Loyd (afterward Lord Overstone), confirmed this opinion by the following explanation: "Had the law which fixed the maximum rate of discount at 5 per cent. been maintained in operation, it would have produced inconveniences of two kinds: in some cases, parties requiring the command of money would have been unable to obtain it, and would consequently have been subjected to many very serious evils, such as forced sales of their goods at ruinous prices, injury to their general credit, and, in many cases, actual suspension of their payments; in other cases, parties would probably have obtained the money by resorting to circuitous contrivances for the purpose of evading the law, which would necessarily have entailed upon them great additional trouble, discredit and expense." Mr. Loyd hence concluded that the act of 1833 had saved British commerce, in the pressure of 1839. —This was also the conclusion to which Mr. Samuel Gurney, one of the most able bankers and most revered men in London, finally arrived, who called attention to the fact that in 1818, when the state loans were the only ones exempt from the operation of the usury laws, and when considerable loans had been issued by the government, capital deserted the commercial market, which was subject to the legal limit, for the market of public funds; and commerce had to suffer much in consequence of the restrictions which fettered business. Mr. Gurney entered into detailed calculations which brought into relief the consequences of the two systems of restriction and freedom in the matter of interest. "The advantages of the relaxation in the law to the trading community," he said, "are that under every circumstance they are able to procure supplies of money and to carry on their business with facility. In the two or three last pressures which we have had, we have had very few failures. I will now take the other side. What is the disadvantage? It is that they have to pay this high interest for a limited time; the calculation of that disadvantage brings it to a very small sum. A firm of large extent may have under discount to the extent of £50,000, and have to pay 6 per cent. interest for that £30,000 instead of 5 per cent. for six months; this is the extent of loss, which comes to only £250. For that loss he gets the advantage of general facility, a less risk, as credit is much better preserved—advantages greatly beyond the loss. One other great advantage is the ability to borrow money upon the security of his goods, or sell them. If he borrow money upon his goods, it resolves itself into a calculation of a similar character; if he thus borrow £100,000, there will be a loss of £300 or £400; but if he is compelled to sell his goods, he can not, under such circumstances, at a less loss than from 10 per cent. to 20 per cent.; and therefore, on the one hand, he may have to lose some £300 or £400; but, on the other, if compelled to sell his merchandise, which he must do were he unable to pay more than the legal rate of interest upon a loan, the loss would be, under forced sales, of from £10,000 to £20,000." We might extend these quotations. The witnesses summoned, in the course of the inquiry, were, with scarcely an exception, unanimous. —Some persons have observed that, if merchants in high position gained by the repeal of the usury laws, the same was not true of those whose credit was less firmly established, and that usurious rates were demanded of this class. But what does that prove? That there was, apparently, a certain risk in lending. If the usury laws had been operative, the embarrassed merchants would not have found money, or they would have had to pay still more to procure it. In either case, failure was imminent. Thus much for the example of England: let us now pass to France. —Interest on money was certainly much higher at the time when legislation interdicted interest loans and burned Jews, than under the far more mild régime which authorized loans under the form of annuities, and fixed by law the rate at which loans could he made by alienating capital in this manner; it had become still lower, and commerce had become extensive at the time when Turgot wrote these remarkable lines: "It is a well-known fact that there is not a commercial place on the earth where the greater part of the commerce does not depend on money borrowed without alienation of capital, and where interest is not regulated by a simple agreement, according to the greater or less amount of loanable money in the place, and the degree of solvency of the borrower. The rigor of the laws has yielded to the force of things; jurisprudence has been obliged to modify in practice its speculative principles, and people have long since come to openly tolerate loaning by note, discount, and every species of money negotiation between parties. It will always be thus whenever the law prohibits what the nature of things renders necessary." —The constituent assembly only half adopted the ideas of Turgot. The law of 1789 permitted loans at interest under any form, but it reserved to the legislator the right to fix, or at least to limit, the rate of interest. The civil code, promulgated in 1804, stipulated a similar reservation; these were mere preliminary and tentative changes, which prepared the way for the law of Sept. 3, 1807. —We say nothing of the intermediary régime. Some claim that the convention declared money merchandise, and that in consequence of that unlimited freedom, usury for some years invaded and ravaged the country. The laws of the convention were contradictory. At one time, to raise the price of the assignats, it interdicted trade in the precious metals: again, it removed the prohibition and left every one free to buy and sell gold and silver at their actual value. Interest, the rent of capital, only resumed its liberty as a consequence.*28 This liberty was the result of the toleration of the government, and not of a clear perception of a principle which it firmly proclaimed. But what matter is it whether the convention, in removing the barriers it had itself raised, removed also others or not, and rendered homage to political economy without willing it or knowing it? The events which occurred in the commercial world, during that period of anarchy and the disturbed times which succeeded it, prove nothing either for or against any system. —We are, however, inclined to believe that, notwithstanding the calamities which were the inevitable result of the civil disorders and of war, and although commerce, manufactures and credit were nearly paralyzed in France from 1793 to 1797, the toleration accorded meanwhile to pecuniary transactions bore more good fruit than bad. People have quoted the protests of some chambers of commerce, which complained at that time of the dullness of trade, the great numbers of failures and the cupidity of loaners. In reply we will say, without having regard to these particular cases, that the speech of Joubert, who proposed the law of 1807, itself shows that interest on money had generally fallen. But, were it otherwise, can any one really suppose that laws more restrictive would have procured money for trade at a low price, at a time when the risks connected with every negotiation or credit transaction were so great, and when confidence was so weak? —The legislators of 1804, more favorable to liberty than those of 1807, had left the way open. Article 1707 of the civil code provided that the interest agreed upon might exceed the rate fixed by law, whenever the law contained no prohibition to the contrary. This was directly to recognize that the value of money, like all other values, results from the state of the market and the terms arranged between parties. The legislators of 1807 shut this half-open door, by putting agreed-on rates of interest in the same line as legal interest. It may be well to quote here the language of a law which can serve as a starting point in the discussion. "Art. 1. The interest agreed upon shall not exceed 5 per cent. in civil matters [i.e., those coming under the cognizance of what are known as civil courts, in France, in distinction from mercantile courts. E. J. L.], nor 6 per cent. in mercantile matters, without retention. Art. 2. The legal interest shall be, in civil matters, 5 per cent., and in mercantile matters 6 per cent., also without retention. Art. 3. When it shall be proven that a loan has been made at a rate exceeding that fixed by Art. 1, the lender shall be condemned by the court before which the case is brought, to restore this excess, if he has received it, or to suffer a reduction of the principal of the debt, and he may even be remanded, if cause appear, to the court of correction, and, in case of conviction, condemned to a fine not exceeding half the capital he has lent on usury. If the result of the law process shows that the lender has practiced fraud, he shall be condemned, besides the above fine, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years." —The economy of the law of 1807 consists entirely in a small number of rules. It lays down as a principle that freedom of agreement in regard to rate of interest must be exercised only within the limit of the legal maximum. Provisionally, this maximum is fixed at 5 per cent. in civil matters, and at 6 per cent. in mercantile ones. —The law of 1807 makes usury a crime. But what is usury? Bentham said truly that it was not susceptible of definition. And in fact, if usury consists in loaning at a rate higher than that fixed by the legislature, one may be a usurer in England while loaning at a rate which would be permissible in France, and vice versa. In France the offense depends, not on the nature of the act, but on the quality of the lender. One is a usurer if he loans at 6 per cent. in civil matters, but ceases to be so if he loans at the same rate to one engaged in commerce. These inconsistencies in legislation prove that an attempt has been made to regulate that which, from its nature, evades legal rules. The authors of the law of 1807 perceived this; for, after having made the act of loaning at an interest in excess of the legal rate a crime, they did not affix any penalty. The court, in this case, can only sentence the lender to restore the excess. The sentence can only extend to a fine in the case of habitual usury, that is to say, when the offense becomes changed; when, instead of having to deal with parties whose bargains depend upon the variations of the market, the court finds before it a speculator who makes a business of seeking the most risky investments, those which serve as an excuse or pretext for unlimited profits. —The law of 1807 has only one kind of merit. In a country where there is too little general information on matters of political economy, and where anticommercial prejudices have still much influence, it bears a certain relation to the average level of intelligence and the state of morals. In 1836 a motion was made by M. Lherbette aimed at the repeal of this law and the restoration of freedom in the matter of interest; but it failed because of the unenlightened opposition of the elective chamber. In 1850 the proposition of M. Saint-Priest to modify the law had no better success: the law which was enacted Dec. 15, instead of punishing the simple contravention of the law prescribing the legal interest, is only aimed against the habit of disregarding it, and confines itself to increasing the penalties. —The law of 1807 governs the trade in money in all the countries of Europe which have adopted or imitated the French civil laws. To examine into the effects it has produced in France, is then to obtain the elements which may serve to give the most general view of the question. The law of 1807 did not, as we know, bring about a fall in the rate of interest, which is, notwithstanding the solidity of the operations, much higher in France, in every scale of credit, than in England, Holland and Belgium. The absolute prohibition it contains has not prevented the loaner, wherever there were risks to be incurred, from stipulating for excessively high interest which was legally usurious. That has been accomplished in a contraband way instead of openly. But the troubles from it have been only the greater; for the interest must include, besides the premium for the risk arising from the small degree of solvency in the borrower, that of the risk arising from contravention of the law. —The mohatra, so much branded by Pascal, has reappeared, and the usurious loan has been disguised under the form of a sale. In other cases the fraud has been accomplished under the form of a donation; besides the legal interest, the lender has required a supplementary interest, under the title of gift. Sales with privilege of redemption have also served to conceal usury, which has, besides, taken place under cover of an exchange. But the most usual as well as the most simple form has consisted in stating in the loan contract, or on the notes given to the loaner, a sum higher than that which the borrower had received. —The defenders of the system sanctioned by the law of 1807 themselves recognize that this law, far from uprooting usury, has perhaps aggravated it. Usury, it has been said, is devastating French rural districts; and it is certain that the debts of small property-holders had much to do with the socialism of the central and eastern departments of France in 1849 and 1850. —A representative of the upper Rhine, M. Cassal, cited in the tribune curious examples of frauds practiced in Alsace to evade the provisions of the law of 1807. "The usurer," be said, "no longer proceeds in this fashion: 'I lend you one hundred francs in consideration of ten francs.' Nothing like that is written. A note of a hundred francs is made, but only ninety of it are given. Care is taken that it be done with no witnesses present, and then you have the provision of article 1322 of the civil code, which establishes a legal presumption in favor of the creditor who has a writing. In this case itself it is very difficult to prove usury. More frequently sales with power of redemption occur: property is bought for the consideration of one hundred francs, and only ninety are paid; and when the debtor wishes to obtain his property again, he is obliged to pay back the sum stipulated in the contract as price, and happy is he, too, if the purchaser will consent to restore him his property. In this case also, the stipulations of article 1325 of the French civil code are exactly fulfilled: you have no witnesses, and it is impossible to prove usury. When one of these men loans at 5 per cent. on a simple note, there is much reason for mistrust; the lender has evil designs. When the note falls due, the debtor can pay; but the creditor promises to wait. When the time comes that the latter knows the former has no money, he becomes pressing, prosecutes, hounds the debtor, forces him to make an assignment, lays down orders, and, finally, compels the unfortunate to pay what is called the interest of patience. Then he takes everything the former can give: fifty francs, a pair of sabots, a batch of bread, per week. But all this is the A B C of usury. The usurer but rarely makes his bargain in his own name. The borrower sometimes does not even know him; the business is done through an intermediary, a sort of broker, who, ordinarily, has nothing to lose, not even honor, who also takes brokerage, and thus increases still more the interest on the money. When loans are made, the first step is to ask for security. This security is the person who signs the note and carries it to the borrower, or vice versa; the intermediary likewise, signs the note, and it is sometimes covered by three, four or five signatures before reaching the real lender. The usurer is then in the position which, in the language of the law, is called 'a third carrier in good faith.' The aim of the business is to make some kind of a bargain: in primitive times, a trade in flocks or herds; later, in real estate. This is how it is effected. Sometimes one lends a sum, always by an intermediary, on a simple note or an obligation acknowledged before a notary, and on the other hand, he has a field or other real estate sold to him at an extremely low price. Care is taken, however, that the matter be so arranged that the lesion of the seven-twelfths may not be reached. These men, who thus exploit French rural districts, have divided the territory: each one has his chosen portion to exploit, and it is rare for another to permit himself to go there to do business. You comprehend then that they are perfectly well acquainted with the value of the estates, better than the peasants themselves. Consequently there may be usury of 100 per cent. or 200 per cent. without the cognizance of the law. At other times, and this is far more serious and more common, they force the borrower, giving him meantime the funds for the purpose, to buy a piece of land or some other commodity at a very high price. Here they do not take the trouble to put as large a sum as possible into the contract: they put the property at double or triple its value. Let them succeed in making a man contract a debt, and nothing can save him; he is soon dispossessed of his property. I know entire villages which do not contain two solvent private citizens." —Looking at this social condition, one would think he was living in the middle ages. Is it necessary, in order to remedy this, to make the penalties greater and to increase the legal restrictions? M. Cassal, who is not, however, an economist, but who has had a near view of the evil, does not think so. "I know the country usurer well enough," he said, "to apprehend that our law (that of 1850) instead of producing the extinction of usury, may perhaps produce the contrary effect, by closing the purse strings and shutting out all credit. Usury is the only means, the single source of credit to the countrymen; and if that source dries up, I fear they may be more miserable than before." —The defenders of restrictive laws in the matter of interest would do well to reflect upon this remarkable avowal. They think they have replied to all objections when they say: "If the borrower is not sufficiently solvent for loans to be granted him at the legal rate; if an additional premium is necessary to cover the risk—well, people will not lend to him at all." Shall credit be thus obliged to stop rather than exceed the level of interest which the legislator has supposed legitimate? But credit can no more be arrested in society than the circulation of blood in the human body. For the one as for the other, motion is life. You say that loaning at high interest will in the long run ruin the borrower. This is possible; but he will be ruined without usury, if he does not find a way to borrow what he needs to meet his obligations when they fall due! —The capitalist who speculates upon the temporary distress of the borrower is a wretch. Science has no intention of sheltering such under her mantle. If usury extends to direct or indirect fraud, there are laws to punish it. But let no one attack the freedom of mercantile transactions, under pretext of preventing usury. Provided the loaner and borrower are free to make a bargain, the contract should be valid. It matters little at what rate the investment be made: the interest of money is naturally subject to one law alone, that which determines that the price of things, instead of being fixed arbitrarily by the civil power, results from the essentially variable relation between supply and demand. There is but one way to abolish usury, and that is to extend to property the benefits of credit institutions, and accustom proprietors punctually to fulfill their obligations. For the rest, the relation of demand to supply so bears upon the contracting parties, that governments, when they wish to borrow, are themselves subject to it. Whenever it was necessary to contract public loans, the French government took good care not to appeal to the law of 1807. In difficult circumstances it has borrowed at 7 per cent. and even at 8 per cent.; and instead of then considering the capitalists who undertook the loan at these high rates as usurers subject to the penalty of the law, it sought to attract them by all means in its power. Not to speak of the profits they have made by loaning to embarrassed governments, have not bankers obtained all the marks of distinction which could flatter their vanity? Have they not been covered with cordons and admitted to the ranks of the aristocracy? —Thus the state itself sets the example of violation of the law. It seems that the legal rate of interest is obligatory on every one except itself. To loan at 6 per cent. to private individuals, is to expose one's self to the severity of the courts; to loan at 6 per cent. to the state, to cities, to departments, is to merit public gratitude. Who can henceforth take seriously this pretended crime of usury, which is not such for states, but is such in private transactions? —This is not all. In testimony of the powerlessness of the legislator when he attempts to do violence to the nature of things, the French law of 1807 was obliged, in fixing a maximum rate of interest, to admit of exceptions and establish categories. Thus, loans on property security, on pledge, on provisions, and discount, escape its rules. The same observation applies to commissions charged by banks, and to the premium given to brokers who answer for the persons to whom they sell merchandise; as well as to those commercial practices which are so many additions and supplements to the interest stipulated in the money loans. —III. LOANS WHICH EXCEED THE LEGAL RATE. The loan on pledge (or pawn), which entails at once numerous risks and considerable expenses of administration, is one of those which can be made only at a relatively high interest. All the pawnbrokers in Europe would be ruined in a few months, if they were compelled to loan at a rate corresponding to the price current of money in the market. The exception which has been made in their favor, or rather, the freedom in regard to interest which is allowed to be the rule in their case, has been favorable to those who patronize these institutions. To speak only of the mont de piété at Paris, the interest asked of borrowers has constantly diminished since the last century: it was 5 per cent. per month in the year III. (1795-6), 2½ per cent. per month in the year VIII. (1800-1), and 1¼ per cent. in 1831. As the rent of money becomes lower in the general market of capital, the pawnbroker will lend at a lower interest to necessitous families. —As to the loan of provisions, which the law of 1807 does not govern, and in which one may always, by the terms of article 1907 of the civil code, exceed the legal interest, jurists have found a reason to justify that exception, which, if they were disposed, might be made to apply equally well to loans of money. "How can we think," says M. Troplong in his "Commentary on Loans," "that the legislator could have intended to impose the same rate of interest on loans of provisions as on money? How can we suppose that he would have taken no account of the risks, which are much greater in the loan of provisions than in the loan of money; in the loan of provisions, we say, where an abundant harvest at the time of payment may take away so much of the value of the thing lent in time of dearth? Would he have condemned the system followed in all ancient nations by legislators and economists, of fixing the interest on provisions higher than the interest of money? We think, then, that there would be nothing illicit in an agreement which should obligate the borrower of a hundred measures of oil, grapes, or apples, to repay a hundred and ten or a hundred and fifteen at the following harvest." —When one borrows money, it is not the metal exactly which one wishes to possess, but the value it represents. Under the form of money or under the form of provisions, the lender delivers capital: capital is the object of the contract. From the essential point of view, which is that of value, there is no difference. In vain has it been objected that the value of grain was variable; for the same objection would apply to the value of money. Who does not know that the power of the precious metals was much greater in the time of Charlemagne than in the reign of St. Louis; in the time of St. Louis than in the reign of Louis XIV.; and in the reign of Louis XIV. than in our day? No doubt money presents a more fixed and certain measure of value from one year to another than wheat; but from one century to another the advantage of fixity and constancy passes to the wheat. The price of cereals is, in fact, the light by the aid of which we find our way in studying the economy of society in the past. —Under one form as well as another, the rent of capital depends on its abundance or rarity compared with the urgency of the demand. It is not the nature of the loan which can raise the premium; it is the situation of the borrower. Why did the legislator of 1809 allow the rate of 6 per cent. in mercantile bargains, while he imposed the minimum limit of 5 per cent. in civil matters? Apparently, that difference of interest signifies that the risks are greater in one case than in the other, and that the trader who invests his funds in uncertain operations does not give the same security for payment. Why does M. Troplong recognize in the lender of provisions the right to demand from 10 to 15 per cent. interest, if not because the certainty of payment is less in transactions of that nature? Starting there, to be consistent, one step more should be taken: the principle should be separated from the example, and one should say that the premium on the risk, which is one of the elements of interest, increases naturally in proportion as the certainty of reimbursement diminishes. In loans at interest, the premium on the risk acts as a sort of insurance on capital; this is why there are no reasons for refusing to allow it in the loan of money, when it is allowed in the loan of provisions. Credit is naturally personal. There exists no such thing as one rate of interest belonging to provisions and a different interest belonging to the precious metals. It is because those who borrow provisions generally place themselves in a more hazardous situation, that high interest is demanded of them. But a good number of borrowers to whom money is loaned personally merit still less confidence; why should it not be permitted to stipulate with them a premium for insurance, commensurate with the perilous chances they cause one to incur? The principle is admitted in wholesale contracts. Do you suppose that there is not, as M. Sainte-Beuve has so well said, any such debtor whose solvency makes the loaner run as much risk as he would incur from tempests? To sum up, either the exception made in the case of the loaner of provisions has no raison d'être, or the considerations which have determined it tend invincibly to liberty in the rate of interest, under a general law. —On the question of discount the subtleties of jurisprudence are freely exercised. Certain jurists rank it in the category of sales; others, in that of loans. "The banker who discounts," says M. Troplong, "only makes a loan. Accustomed to trade in money and notes, he only purchases a credit; and as 10,000 francs, payable in one year, are not worth 10,000 francs payable now, he gives a less price than the nominal one. This price is calculated on the time to run, on the solidity represented by the signature of the one who signs it, the value of that signature, the place. etc. Discount is only the difference between the nominal and the real value. I have said that the banker buys a credit; I add that, on his side, the borrower buys a present sum for a sum not due. In all cases, the borrower who sells his credit does not contract the obligation of returning the same thing, characteristic of the loan; his obligation is, to deliver the chose and guarantee its payment. On the other hand, the banker becomes proprietor of the effect, with the same title as if he had bought any other article; he uses it as be pleases, and has nothing more to do with the one who assigned it to him except so far as pertains to the security." —We see that if the rate of discount escapes in France the rules laid down by the law of 1807, it is not through respect to a theory which takes its point of support outside of realities. The legislator has yielded to the force of things, either by formally accepting or by tolerating usages which he could no more modify than destroy. —M. d'Esterno has cited, in the Journal des Economistes, curious examples of loans at a high rate, which are negotiated, to the mutual satisfaction of borrower and lender, the department of Saône-et-Loire. "There are," he say, "small farmers who buy, in May, cattle for labor, and sell them again in November. If they buy them for cash, they pay 600 francs for them, for instance, but, as they only pay 300 francs at the time of getting them, and promise the other 300 at the time when they count on having sold them, they consent to give 50 francs more for that accommodation. This transaction is usual, and it is repeated in the case of other animals, hogs, for example." Thus, farmers who would probably not consent to borrow at the rate of 7 per cent. upon mortgage, willingly borrow under that form at 33 per cent. The transaction has no relation to the current rate of interest; but it is within the ability and convenience of the parties who contract. That is sufficient to explain it. Credit institutions, by furnishing circulating capital at lower rates to property owners and farmers, will alone be able to supplant this custom. —Contraventions of the law of 1807 are especially frequent, and occur with impunity in civil matters. One has only to consult the notaries to be convinced that, if mortgage loans were confined to the strict limits of the legal rate, there would be to-day, outside of Paris and the range of the capital, few serious and effective loans. By means of accessory agreements, immediate deductions, and various compensations, people succeed, while inscribing only the legal rate in loan contracts, in winning and retaining capital in liens on real estate. —As a general statement, it may be said that the only loans which the restrictive laws affect, are the large transactions in which an habitually low price for money renders that intervention at least useless. Those, on the contrary, which escape the action of the legislative enactments, and of the law of 1807 as well as the others, consist of transactions of slight importance and in which a high rate of interest is invariably found to be stipulated. This is true, especially of loans in retail trade and for a short term of credit. Those who loan by the week figure largely in that category. Those who loan by the day are a class of capitalists that should not be forgotten, and who, notwithstanding the high interest they obtain, render real service. —"In the Paris provision market," said M. Aubréy in his speech against the proposition of M. Saint-Priest, "a well-known trade in money is carried on: one keeps a shop of five-franc pieces, that is to say, a certain variety of a banker keeps an office in the market and delivers to merchants of the four seasons and to vegetable gardeners a five-franc piece. With this five-franc piece the small trader buys provisions and food which he goes and sells about the city. At the end of his day's work he returns; he has often earned two or three francs with the aid of that five-franc piece. Do you suppose it is hard for him to pay the banker who furnished him the instrument of labor the sum of 25 centimes from his day's profits? * * In this case the interest of the money is 1800 per cent. Some people wished to enter complaint in the name of the law; but the magistrates of the bar of Paris were obliged to recoil before the numerous and incessant cries of the opposition; this resistance derived its strength from the good sense of the people and the benefits of liberty." —It would seem that an investment by which money brings 1800 per cent. would call in the competition of capitalists, and that this competition would lower the rent of capital. Yet the loans which have taken in the French language the name of "loans by the little week" remain at a rate that varies little. The reciprocal advantages of the borrower and lender would not suffice to explain the permanency of so high an interest in these investments. To understand it we must consider the risks to which capital is exposed. The ambulating tradesmen are an essentially nomadic portion of the population: it is the business to which those have recourse, who, for the time being, can do no other, or whose indolence makes them shun labor. From such customers one can not expect great scrupulousness in the fulfillment of their obligations. Five-franc-piece bankers are those who most frequently become bankrupt. The petty dealer, who often spends in drink the day's earnings, consumes both capital and profits. To escape the surveillance and pursuit of the creditor, the debtor has only to migrate from one occupation to another, in the infinite circle of petty trades which spring up and multiply in the streets of Paris. The capitalist lends to strangers, to people who have neither a sou nor a trunk, and without other guarantee than their interest to meet punctually their obligations so as to create for themselves a species of credit, an interest which all do not comprehend. If the debtors were punctual and scrupulous, the creditors, renewing their capital eighteen times a year, would very quickly make their fortune. Many, however, become ruined; and the sphere of these transactions does not appear to enlarge, which proves that there is in them a commingling of good and had chances. —And now, I ask, are not the laws which restrict liberty of interest judged, when we see that, for one transaction at 6 per cent. which they prevent in the average sphere of credit, they tolerate or do not prevent a little lower down the scale of loans, numberless public operations every day, in which the usury extends to 1800 per cent. per year? —IV. BASIS OF INTEREST. It is time to abandon the historical controversy to examine the foundation of interest. Three principal elements co-operate to determine it: the rent of capital; the premium on the insurance to cover the risk, and, in a great number of cases, the charge for commission; and the salary of the intermediary who puts the borrower in communication with the lender. The rent of capital, the instrument of labor, the motor which sets commerce, agriculture and manufactures in motion, is the principal element in interest. How is its rate determined? and what is its measure? Has this element anything fixed, which depends not on places, time or persons? or must it vary with circumstances and according to individuals? There is, we know, no such thing as unchangeable value; the notion even of value, arising as it does from the idea of relation, implies change. The rent of capital, like the price of all things, must vary under the action of demand and supply; and the law of demand and supply is itself subordinated to all the vicissitudes of production as well as of consumption, not to speak of the influence which progress or decline in means of transportation may exercise. One may not, then, prejudge what the rent of capital should be; but should confine himself to stating what it is. The observation of facts must rule in this matter. No doubt it is recognized in studying the economic history of peoples, that the rent of capital diminishes as wealth increases. But it should also be remarked that, through that incontestable tendency to a fall, the oscillations of interest become more frequent in proportion as commercial relations, developed by increased comfort and intelligence, come to multiply. The rent of capital varies, perhaps, less, in that descending progression, from one century to the following one; but from one year to another, it changes more. Credit, which formerly seemed to have nerves of steel and a hardened epidermis, has contracted the impressionable nature and delicate temperament of the sensitive. One can then determine the rent of capital only approximately, under given circumstances and while these circumstances continue. The system which would make the government regulate the rate of interest, to remain true and not deviate from the facts, would require the rate to be revised each month, each week; and, in some cases, each day; but a rule that required incessant alteration would not be a rule. This system is then condemned either to unchangeability of interest which is contrary to justice, or to an incessant change which would be the negation of law. As to the theories whose pet chimera is a fixed and in some sort normal interest, we will speak of them only to recall a few facts. The bank of France attempted to put them in practice, by maintaining the rate of discount at 4 per cent., in times of pressure as in periods of prosperity; but its resistance was finally overcome: in 1847 it was obliged to raise its rate of discount to 5 per cent. in order to arrest the export of specie; and in 1852, not to remain outside of the business world, it reduced it to 3 per cent. —The second element in interest is the tax for insurance or risk. This may be considered as still more variable than the preceding, and is certainly more difficult to estimate. The rent of capital is, as it were, the real part of interest, the part which is regulated by the value of things, the state of the market; and insurance is the personal part. The risk changes not only with the circumstances, but also with the situation and character of the borrowers: it is almost nothing in loans made on bills of exchange or notes payable to order which have several good indorsers; it is considerable in the case of a borrower who gives only his guarantee, and the lender raises the premium for the risk in proportion to the lack of solidity in the guarantee. This weakness of the guarantee may be diminished by the confidence of the lender or increased by his mistrust. This is an element to be taken into account, which, because it is personal on both sides, touches closely upon the arbitrary. "He who loans his capital," says M. Aubréy, "with risk of losing it in whole or in part, renders a greater and consequently better remunerated service than he who loans his capital without risking anything; this is what constitutes the difference between the lessor of real estate and of personal property; because the capital of the one always preserves its identity easy to establish, and is often secured by privileges and mortgages, while, on the contrary, the capital of the other is capable of being consumed by use and absorbed without return, as interest and principal; this is also the difference between the civil and the commercial loan, as well as the loan on pledge (pawn-loan), between obligations on short time and on long time, between maritime contracts and land contracts." The extent of the service is not measured by the extent of the risk; but he who consents to loan his capital, without the certainty of recovering it when due, is right in demanding of the debtor a premium for insurance against this danger: this is not a remuneration, it is simply a compensation, a guarantee. But whether remuneration or guarantee, in doubtful cases a prudent creditor would not dispense with this supplement to the rent of capital; yet it is not always sufficient to preserve him from ruin. When M. Proudhon said that the interest of money represented the risk, the chance that might befall, alea, he then exaggerated the truth, he took the part for the whole, he left out of account the very basis of interest, which is the rent capital gives. But even this shows that he took account of one element which all legislation has disregarded. —The socialist school, in the theory of gratuitous credit, substitutes for the premium on the risk, a sort of mutual insurance which unites all those making exchanges in the bonds of universal solidarity, and which makes every member of society bear his part in the consequences of the bad speculations or bad chances of all. This is not distributive justice: for the people who offer securities are put in the same category as those who offer none. The socialists make the moral being which they call society intervene in human affairs in exactly the same way as the ancients had their gods engage in them. Society, as they picture it in their romances, distributes subsistence and even wealth to all individuals; all the difference consists in having the manna come from the bank of the people, or the phalanstery, instead of descending from heaven. The people's bank having failed, and the phalanstery having aborted, we have to examine if it is possible, in the ordinary course of transactions, to establish any test or measure whatever of the risk. This element of interest obeys no rules, even for a day, even for a given case; it is an affair of opinion, a question of individual chances. There is nothing in it which one can generalize sufficiently to establish an economic principle, or a legal regulation. The element of risk interposes still greater obstacles than does the element of rent, to any attempt to fix or limit the interest on money. —The third element of interest is thus defined by M. Aubréy, who, as a banker, could speak from acquaintance with the subject: "The instruments of labor only reach the laborers through intermediaries; this is the consequence of progress. Capital in the form of money, being an instrument of labor, is as much under the law of division of labor as capital in any other form. As every one knows, capital is put in motion and circulates by the aid of motive agents called banks; labor improves and prospers by reason of the activity and abundance with which capital circulates in these great reservoirs; but every one should also know how much accumulated wealth, moral power and dignity of character is necessary, properly to direct these credit institutions. Now just these rare and valuable qualities, and this difficult and necessary labor in credit institutions, are remunerated by a charge for commission, which increases the interest on the capital furnished. M. Proudhon, in his people's bank, does not contest the legitimacy of this charge; for, when he decreed gratuitous credit, he reserved a discount of from 1 per cent. to 2 per cent. for expenses of administration. Is it possible to determine the measure of this third element? Evidently not. There are credit establishments of different kinds. The banker whose operations extend to millions in a day, takes only a very small commission and yet makes much money, while the petty dealer, who operates only with some thousands of francs, or with five-franc pieces, may charge a very high commission and yet earn but little; though he may give the same measure of his time and labor as the banker." —The above definition is neither complete nor altogether correct. Although it no more belongs to the government to regulate this part of interest than other parts, we must recognize that this contains an element more easy to estimate and less fluctuating. The institution of banks of circulation and discount has reduced the commission charge to small proportions, wherever their influence extends; yet even the state has a share in it, under the form of the stamp duty it puts on their notes. The commission charge of the intermediary bankers is often blended with the premium for risk: it is thus, for example, at Paris, where a discounter, for giving the third signature, and rendering a commercial bill acceptable at the bank of France, takes a premium or duty of 1 per cent., ¾ per cent. or ½ per cent. —In analyzing the elements of which interest is composed, we have seen that there is not one which gives a sure basis for estimating it. This has led M. Lherbette to say: "If you think there is a fixed, invariable basis for interest, why do you make it vary according to circumstances? and if you believe, on the contrary, that its basis is variable, why do you fix upon a rate from which the contracting parties shall not be allowed to vary according to the particular circumstances in which they find themselves and which they will understand better than you? In any case, if you determine to fix it, it will have to be continually modified; for circumstances constantly change; it would be necessary to establish mercurials for money as for bread." [The mercurials were registers of the price of grain and some other necessary provisions, and were formerly required to be kept in a public place in the market towns of France. E. J. L.] Even that would not be possible. The tax on bread embraces two or three qualities, of which it fixes the price by consulting the price of grain of corresponding quality; but the tax of interest does not depend on such simple calculations: in its case the rate in the mercurial would have to include as many qualities as there are particular situations, or individuals having recourse to credit. In the domain of credit, the list of classes is infinite: and this will infallibly baffle any pretension to a rule. Freedom in the matter of interest results not less from the powerlessness of the restrictive system than from the right which belongs to the contracting parties to dispose of their property as they think best. The experience of the past is here the most direct auxiliary of principles. —It is henceforth a recognized fact, thanks to the intelligence of our time, that interest on money is a legitimate value; why, then, should other conditions be imposed on it than on other values? When merchandise is in the warehouse or brought into market, its price is freely discussed between the buyer and seller; both find this method to their advantage; and the seller would carry away his goods as well as the buyer his money, if any one pretended to dictate to them the conditions of sale and purchase. In the matter of guarantees, both spurn the intervention of the state, and think themselves better off with free competition. Is there the least reason at all serious why trade in money should be excepted from the general law of trade? Sometimes society enjoys a tranquillity favorable to business, while again it passes through periods of monetary pressure in which every enterprise becomes difficult, and the activity of labor seems paralyzed. Money is sometimes scarce and sometimes abundant; the rent of capital must then vary, like any other value, according to circumstances. As to borrowers, they are not all equally solvent: on the contrary, they occupy, according to their morality, their reputation, and the competence they enjoy, various degrees in the scale of securities. Shall one say to a lender: "Whatever be the state of society, tranquil or disturbed; whatever be the abundance or scarcity of money; whether capital moves in full security or under the pressure of great anxiety; you shall loan your money on the same conditions and to all"? That would be unjust and absurd; one of two things would inevitably happen: either the prohibition would not be regarded, or capital would be refused, and society would have to manage as it could, to live without credit. Let us change the hypothesis. If a limit may be imposed on the profits of money capital by establishing a maximum rate of interest for money, why may not a maximum be fixed for every species of revenues, all kinds of transactions, and every sort of merchandise? If it is forbidden to lend above a certain rate of interest, why should it not be prohibited to sell above a certain price? The people have a much greater interest in not paying a high price for wheat in time of scarcity, than in finding loans at a low rate of interest. If money capital must not bring its possessor more than a certain per cent. yearly, why should the profit from capital in machines, land or manufactures be unlimited? Suppose I lend my neighbor $20,000, with which he purchases a spinning mill which gives him an annual return of 50 per cent.; why should not I be permitted to obtain what interest I can for my capital, when the borrower who receives this capital from me is free to derive any profit he can therefrom? —It is claimed that the interest of money is an exception to the general rules of trade. M. Paillet said that property rights must yield, the same as others, to public utility; and he compared the prohibition to loan above a certain rate, with the interdiction to build within the line of fortresses, with expropriation for the public good, with the prohibition to clear land, with all measures, in short, which society takes to protect the weak against the strong. Political economy does not contest the right of society; but it denies its applicability in this case. What public interest requires the state to regulate the rent of money? We find none. In a theocratic government, where the state is everything and does everything, that would perhaps be conceivable. The priests in that case fix the price of provisions, the form of garments and the number of ablutions. People are not astonished to see them interfere in the system of industries, when they behold their authority reaching even to the domestic hearth. But since the industries have come forth from their swaddling bands, and citizens of the same state can freely trade with each other, it is the interest of each and all that trade in money should be as free as in other commodities. What would the ability to buy and sell products signify, without any other rule than the price resulting from the relation between demand and supply, if capital, which begets the products, were subject to different conditions on the market? Competition determines the rent of capital as well as the price of merchandise; and that alone can bring about and surely will bring about a fall in the rate of interest. Only chimerical or violently-disposed persons demand other methods. —The adherents of the doctrine of the balance of trade thought that money, instead of representing the capital in circulation, was the capital itself of each country. This is why they subjected money negotiations to special rules. It was with this feeling that M. Jaubert, who reported the law of 1807, said: "If commerce gives itself up to speculations in interest, it goes out of its way, and will in the end arrest the progress of industry." As if capital, or rather accumulated labor, was intended for any thing else than to serve as a motor, and to procure profits for those who possess it. Communities live by tradition as much as by progress. We increase in stature because we rise on the shoulders of our fathers. Capital prepares the way for labor. The regulation of interest, as we know from the experience of our predecessors, is of no more service to labor than it is to capital. If it makes the latter unproductive, it prevents the former from development. But this system has consequences still more fatal to society than to the individual. It was decreed in France, by the law of 1850, that the maximum interest should remain fixed at 5 per cent. in civil matters. But that did not satisfy either M. Pelletier, who demanded money at 3 per cent., nor M. Proudhon, who aimed to reduce it to zero. The moment the people get the idea that it belongs to the law-making power to determine the rate of interest or to fix a limit to it, we are exposed to all the demands of anarchy. When the people, complaining rightly or wrongly of the hard times, come to demand a reduction in the annual interest, by what right can opposition be made? Will it be said, "We can not"? The legislators would then falsify their own action. Will they respond, "We will not"? That would be opening the way to revolution. The people would withdraw to the Aventine Hill, claiming abolition of debts; or, perhaps, to avoid paying them, or to pay them in paper money, they will send to the legislature, as certain departments did in 1849, socialistic revolutionists. Regulating interest by legislation is the first step of society toward bankruptcy; for it is the substitution of arbitrary law for the right to make agreements freely. —Freedom in the matter of interest is proper for all peoples who have attained their majority and who are governed by laws of their own making: but it is especially appropriate in republics. Where the right of a citizen to take part in governmental affairs is recognized, he can not, without injustice and contradiction, be denied the power to regulate as he pleases his own affairs; to buy, sell, lend or borrow on such conditions as the market offers. The component parts of the sovereign power can not be held in tutelage. It is ridiculous that the law should stipulate for them as for aliens or prodigals put under an interdict. Let them not be called upon to deliberate on the nature and direction of the government, if they are judged incapable of comprehending and defending their true interests; or if that honor is accorded to their independence and intelligence, let the horizon of sovereignty be at least extended to private transactions and the domestic hearth. —The United States probably owe some measure of their prosperity to the comparative freedom in the matter of interest. In New York discount has sometimes been taken as high as 18 per cent. per annum. At San Francisco money has been worth 4 per cent. or 5 per cent. a month. What matters it, after all, if those who borrow at this rate employ it so as to make still greater profits? —The rate of interest is generally in proportion to that of profits. Where industrial investments bring 12 per cent. to 15 per cent., it would be foolish to claim that one ought to borrow money at 4 per cent. to 5 per cent. The trade in money would, in fact, cease, if it could not take place under conditions similar to those prevailing in other industries. When, on the contrary, capital employed in agriculture and manufactures brings a return of 5 per cent. to 6 per cent., a moderate interest, say from 3½ per cent. to 4 per cent. is generally sufficient for the capitalist. Where the profits from agriculture are considerable, as in many of the western states, the remuneration of labor and of capital is high. Interest is high as well as wages. In Great Britain, on the contrary, where manufacturers, in order to become rich, must operate on immense quantities, the profit being very small on each fraction, capital obtains only a moderate interest. The abundance produced by the treasures accumulated by industry makes capital less in demand there than labor. —Harmony of these diverse functions in society can only result from liberty. It is liberty which has caused the growth of manufactures and has given wings to commerce. Liberty can alone regulate the interest of money, to the satisfaction of everybody. Capital can have no other master than itself; and its tyranny will be best avoided by not seeking to reduce it to slavery. A just balance will here arise from the relations naturally established between men and not from the laws they may be tempted to enact. —BIBLIOGRAPHY. A Tract against the High Rate of Usury, etc., by Sir Thomas Colepeper, London, 1623, 4to; Interest of Money Mistaken—or, a treatise proving that a fall in interest is the effect and not the cause of the wealth of nations, London, 1668, 4to—(this treatise was written against the work by Child, who had maintained the opposite opinion); Brief Observations concerning Trade and the Interest of Money, by Josiah Child, London, 1668, 4to; Usury Explained and Condemned by the Holy Scriptures and by Tradition, by Father Thorentier, Paris, 1673, 12mo; Treatise on the Practice among Merchants of dealing in Bills and Money Loans, by a doctor of theology, 1684; Treatise on Money Negotiations and Usury, by Father Thomassin, Paris, 1697, 8vo; Usury, Interest and the Profit derived from Loans, or the ancient doctrine opposed to the new opinions, by J. Arthur de la Gibonays, Paris, 1710, 12mo; Treatise on Commercial Loans, by a doctor of the theological faculty at Paris, 1736; Treatise on Commercial Loans, or on legitimate and illegitimate interest on money, by Abbé Étienne Mignot, Paris, 1738, 1759, 1767, 4 vols., 12mo; Dissertation on the Legitimacy of Interest on Money current in Trade, by J. B. Gastumean, Hague, 1750, 12mo; An Essay on the Governing Causes of the Rate of Interest, by Joseph Massie, London, 1750, 8vo; Discourse for and against the Reduction of Interest on Money, by Abbé J. P. de Gua de Malves, 1757, Dialogue between Bail and Pontas—a theological dissertation on usury; Theological dissertation on the Practice of Commercial Loans and on the three Contracts, against the author of the Dialogue between Bail and Pontas, with a critical examination of the Letter of a Merchant on Loans, by Pierre Lecoq. Rouen, 1767. 12mo; Recent Letters to a Friend on Usurious Commercial Loans, by Abbé de la Porte, Amsterdam and Paris, 1769, 12mo; Theological, Economical and Civil Principles in regard to Usury, by Abbé de la Porte, Paris. 1769-72, 4 vols., 12mo; Treatise on Usury, serving as a reply to a letter on this subject, published in 1770 under the name of Prost de Rayer, and to the anonymous treatise on the same subject, by Étienne Souchet, Cologne. 1769. Paris and Berlin, 1776, 12mo. Legitimacy of Legal Usury, in which its utility is proven, by J. Faiguet de Villeneuve, Amsterdam, 1770. 12mo; Remarks on the Treatise on Usury and Interest (by Abbé de La Forest. 1769). with on Analysis of the Reflections on Commercial Loans (1771), to serve as a supplement to the theological dissertation on usury, by Pierre Lecoq, Amsterdam. 1775. 12mo; Means of extirpating Usury, or a Project for the establishment of a Public Bank for loaning upon all kinds of Property, by a lawyer in the parliament (H. Prévost de Saint Lucien), 1776-8. 12mo—(the establishment of the mord de pieti was attributed to the effect produced by this book): The Theory of Interest on Money derived from principles of Natural Law. Theology and Politics, against the abuse of the imputation of Usury, by J. L. Gouttes, Paris, 1780, 12mo; The Defender of Usury Confounded, or a Refutation of the Theory of Interest on Money, by Abbé de la Porte (with a collection of the ordinances against usury, by Maultrot), Paris. 1782, 12mo: Observations on Interest Loans in Commerce, by the Abbé Prigent, Paris, 1783, 12mo; The Defender of Usury Confounded once more by the Author of Principles of Usury, a Refutation of the Theory of Interest on Money, by the Abbé de la Porte, Paris, 1786, 12mo: Usury Laws—or, an exposition of the impolicy of legal restraints on the terms of pecuniary bargains, by Jeremy Bentham, 1787; The new Patrons of Usury Refuted, including the last defender of Calrin on the same subject—a work dedicated to the states general, by the Abbé Rougane, Paris, 1789, 12 mo; Memoir on Loaning at Interest, by J. Turgot. 1789; Considerations on Loaning at Interest, by M. * * * (Baron Ambroise Render). Jurist, Paris, 1806, 8vo; Memoir honored with a Prize by the Academie du Gard, on this question: To determine the principle of Interest on Money, and its relation to Morals, by J. D. Meyer. Amsterdam, 1808, 8vo; Elucidation of Loans, Usury and Trade in Money, by Abbé Remi Pothier, Rheims, 1809; Considerations on the Rate of Interest, by E. B. Sugden, London, 1817, 8vo; Report by and Evidence taken before the Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Usury Law, London, 1818, folio; Dissertation on Commercial Loans, by Card. C. G. de la Luzerne, Dijon, 1823, 3 vols., 8vo; Dissertation on Contracts for Annuities, followed by some observations on two decisions on the matter of usury paid at Paris, by Cardinal Caprara, (Pagès, 1816), Lyons, 1823; Reflections on the Speech of the Chairman of the Commission for the Reduction of Interest, by P. Pelegrin, Paris, 1824, 8vo; On the Rate of Interest on Money, and its Reduction, by A. J. E. Baconnière-Salverte, Paris, 1824, 8vo; Explanation of a simple Means of reducing the Rate of Interest on the Public Funds in France, by André D. Laffon de Ladébat, Paris, 1825, 8vo; Dissertation on Loans at Interest—an explanation of the circumstances which justify taking interest, by Abbé E. Pagès, Paris and Lyons, 1826, 8vo; Treatise on Usury in Civil and Commercial Transactions, by F.-X. P. Garnier, Paris, 1826, 12mo; Usury Considered in its Relations to Political Economy, Public Morals and Legislation—or, the necessity of repealing the Law of Sept. 3, 1807, and modifying Art. 1907 of the Civil Code, by Ch. Lucas, Paris, 1829, 8mo, pamphlet; Discussion on Usury, where it is demonstrated that moderate usury is neither contrary to the Holy Scripture, nor to natural law, etc., by Abbé Mastrolini, (translated into French from the 4th Italian edition, by the Canon of Annecy, and supplemented by a collection of the decisions of the Holy See on usury), Lyons, 1834, 8vo; Investigations made by the English Parliament in 1838 and 1841 on the effects produced by the Laws in regard to Usury; Monts de Piété (pawnbrokers' shops) and Banks which loan on Pledges, by M. A. Blaise, Paris, 1843, 1 vol., 8vo; Observations on the Usury Laws, by J. B. Byle, Serjeant at Law, (London?) 1845; Gratuitous Credit—a discussion between Bastiat and Proudhon, Paris, 1850, 1 vol., 16mo; Obstacles to Credit—considerations submitted to the commission of the legislative assembly, who examine the proposition of M. de Saint-Priest on usury, by J. Beauvais, Merchant, Paris, 1850, 8vo, pamphlet; Manual for Debates on Usury, Crédit Foncier (i e., loans secured by mortgage of real estate), Finance, etc.—a summary of the labors of the greatest thinkers, applied to France by a system immediately practicable, by Albert Polonius, Paris, 1850, 1 vol., 8vo; The Question of Usury, by Saint-Priest; Report of the Commission appointed to examine the Proposition of M. Felix de Saint-Priest on the Crime of Usury, by M. Paillet. The Moniteur of those times contains the speeches of MM. Aubréy (of the Vosges), Sainte-Beuve, Lherbette and Léon Faucher; in favor of the proposition by MM. Paillet, Saint-Priest and Corsan. Other writers have treated the subject of usury incidentally, among whom may be named Plutarch, Against Borrowing for Interest; Saumaise, Four Treatises on Usury, in Latin; Dumoulin, On Usuries; Voodt, De Pœnore; Scaccia, Questions; Montesquieu, Spirit of Laws; D. Hume, Essay on the Interest of Money (1752); Pothier, Loans, Contracts of Sale; M. Frémery, Studies in Commercial Law; Thieriet, Dissertation on Loans at Interest. To the above should be added: Some Considerations of the Consequences of the Lowering of Interest and Raising the Value of Money, by John Locke, 18mo, London, 1692; An Essay on the Law of Usury, by Mark Ord, Hartford, 1809, 8vo; Interest made Equity, by J. R. M'Culloch, N. Y., 1826; A Summary of the History and Law of Usury, with an examination of the Policy of the existing System, by J. B. Kelly, 8vo, Philadelphia, 1853; The History of Usury from the Earliest Period to the Present Time, together with a brief statement of general principles concerning the conflict of laws in different states and countries, and an examination into the policy of Laws on Usury, and their effect upon Commerce, by J. B. C. Murray, Philadelphia, 1866, 8vo; Labor and Loans at Interest, by Ch. le Lièvre, Paris (?); Labor and Usury in Ancient Times, by Ch. le Lièvre; Loans at Interest, by L. F. Vignon; A Treatise on the Law of Usury, Pawns or Pledges, and Maritime Loans, by R. H. Tyler, Albany, 1873, 8vo; Free Trade in Money the Great and Principal Cause of Fraud, Poverty and Ruin: Stringent Usury Laws the best defense of the People against Hard Times, etc., by J. Whipple, Boston, 1878. 8vo, paper; Encyclopedia of Commerce, article Interest, by Smith Homans; Appleton's Encyclopœdia, Johnson's Encyclopœdia, Encyclopœdia Britannica, article Interest. See also Poole's Index to Periodical Literature, under Usury and Usury Laws; also Saml. Jones Loyd's Testimony on Banks of Issue before the Select Committee of the House of Commons in 1840, queries 2841 and 2842; J. S. Mill's Political Economy, book iii., chap. xxiii.; H. D. Macleod's Principles of Economics, vol. i., pp. 215-219; Science of Wealth, by Amasa Walker, book iv., chap. vi.; Roscher's Political Economy, book iii., chap. iv.; Usury Laws: their Nature, Expediency and Influence—opinions of Jeremy Bentham and John Calvin, with review of the existing situation and recent experience of the United States, by Richard H. Dana, Jr., David A. Wells, and others, (Econ. Tracts, No. IV., series of 1880-81, N. Y., Society for Political Education); Essay on the History and Legislation on Usury, by Liégeois, Paris, 1863; Interest on Money and Usury, by M. Sabrau, Paris, 1865; Freedom of Money—official investigation into the project of repealing the laws which prohibit usury, by M. Dulae, Paris, 1865; Usury and Finance in relation to the Law of 1807, by M. Gorse, Paris, 1865. E. J. L., Tr Notes for this chapter End of Notes Return to top
Personalhistorisk Tidsskrift is a Danish-language magazine of biography and genealogy, published by the Samfundet for Dansk Genealogi og Personalhistorie (formerly the Samfundet for Dansk-Norsk Genealogi og Personalhistorie). Personalhistorisk Tidsskrift began publication in 1880. It is still published today. This is a record of a major serial archive. This page is maintained for The Online Books Page. (See our criteria for listing serial archives.) This page has no affiliation with the serial or its publisher. Help with reading books -- Report a bad link -- Suggest a new listing Home -- Search -- New Listings -- Authors -- Titles -- Subjects -- Serials Books -- News -- Features -- Archives -- The Inside Story Edited by John Mark Ockerbloom (firstname.lastname@example.org). OBP copyright and licenses.
PROBLEM OCCURED WHEN HEARD A CLICKING NOISE CHANGED THE GEAR ON THE SIDE OF THE VENT AN WONT CHAN... Q&AAsk Your Question All 2003 Ford Explorer Recharge of ac system didn't solve the problem. clicking sound when turn heat on sounds like comming from dash (around radio)no heat It started with the engine overheating. I took it to several shops and a ford dealer and they cou...
I interviewed Stephanie Wells, the designer of Double Happiness whose pieces have been frequently featured on Gossip Girl, in magazines such as Seventeen and Nylon, and seen on celebrities including Nina Dobrev and Emma Roberts. KB: How long have you been designing jewelry for and what's the background of your line Double Happiness? SW: I have been designing jewelry for 11 years. I began making jewelry for myself, but quickly found others wanting to buy the pieces from me. I am 90% self taught – that is, I did not study jewelry, wire wrapping or lost wax casting. It is through many hours of trying to figure out how to manifest what is in my head and make it into reality that my techniques were born. KB: What are your inspirations when designing? Do you have different visions for each collection? SW: My raw materials are what inspire me and they change each season. Having worked with editors and stylists for years, I understand the seasonal cycles and work with colors specific to that season. BUT, I have a hard time re-working materials, that is once I work with a color and cut, I find it hard to go back and be re-inspired. Thus, I am constantly searching for new, unique materials each season. I also like to collaborate with in-need womens organizations both in the US and overseas and have been fortunate to create collections with gorgeous hand made paper beads from Uganda, amazing seed bead flowers from Afghanistan, and gorgeous African wax cloth from Rwanda. KB: What are your thoughts on Gossip Girl? Did you have a vision of seeing your jewelry on any particular characters? SW: Gossip Girl is the fashion trend leader on TV and it is an honor to be included in their fashion. I love the fact they have a variety of looks, as I like to create a variety of looks/energies when I design. I think all women have a variety of energies they like to channel – boho, chic, rocker – and I try to design to fit all our needs. KB: What is it like seeing your pieces on one of television's most fashion forward shows? Has being featured on Gossip Girl had a large impact on your designs? SW: It’s extremely flattering. Gossip Girl is distributed all over the world, and it is interesting to see the response we get from people overseas. I have had sales from Jordan, England, Spain all because characters on Gossip Girl have worn my jewelry. KB: Can we expect to see Double Happiness on any other shows or movies? SW: Double Happiness Jewelry is often used in movies, TV shows and magazine editorials. I cannot usually publicize press in a TV show or magazine until the press actually hits the streets. But, I can say that the stylist for Harry's Law just picked up pieces from the line. We are also often on the Wendy Williams Show, Rachel Ray show to name a few. To purchase Double Happiness Jewelry visit their website. Listed below are the episodes of Gossip Girl Double Happiness was featured in, click on the titles to see the posts!
Nell Merlino, Contributor Advocate and expert on women's business leadership and empowerment Just my luck, I finally convince myself to purchase an iPad 2 and now Apple is scrambling to address serious allegations of abuse among its supplier network in China. Many, if not most, of the workers involved are women. Should we burn our iPads in protest? Or can we use them to drive positive change? Apple’s challenge centers on how to proactively get out in front of these issues and allegations. If Apple is perceived to simply be reacting to events, they risk damaging their brand and their business performance. Occupy the Apple Store, if it or something like it happens, would be a major failure of leadership at Apple. Apple faces serious allegations involving child labor, factory explosions caused by negligence and high rates of worker suicide. Did Foxconn really put nets up to keep workers from jumping off buildings? Major media outlets, particularly the New York Times, are relentlessly pursuing this story. After some initial hesitation, Apple CEO Tim Cook seems to have formulated a cohesive response. It borrows heavily from the crisis PR playbook written over the past few decades in a stilted dance among global firms, advocacy groups, continuous news cycles and advances in communications technology. Apple’s crisis response includes emphasizing the code of conduct it maintains for its supply chain and firmly stating its ‘industry leading’ position on these issues. Apple has also enlisted the Fair Labor Association (FLA) (www.fairlabor.org) to inspect facilities and monitor practices in its supply chain. The problem with these response elements is that they remain entirely reactive and predictable. In fact, the FLA was created in the late 1990s to help counter criticism for abusive practices in the global supply chains of Nike and other firms. Notably, while they have done a lot to improve conditions and practices in their supply chain, Nike was significantly tainted by this episode while its competitor Reebok was seen as a proactive innovator in addressing supply chain concerns. Wal-Mart’s growth in China offers a compelling model for leadership on supply chain issues that benefits business performance. By proactively making a fundamental business commitment to sustainability across its entire business, Wal-Mart has rapidly become a highly valued and highly trusted brand for both Chinese consumers and the Chinese government around food safety. Big companies like Apple and Wal-Mart will always be exposed to potentially damaging labor, environmental and consumer issues. While much of Apple’s current crisis response looks routine, the company has indicated it will take the unprecedented step of posting the results of its FLA audits online. This innovative nod to transparency dovetails nicely with the capacity for Apple products to connect and empower people via social media and data. Now we can track Apple’s progress addressing supply chain issues on our iPads. If we don’t like what we’re seeing, we can organize protests and video tape them with our iPhones. We can turn Occupy the Apple Store into an Apple Spring.
So yeah, I really like the basic ideas behind using stats for a noble house as backdrop. But I think there's some flaws in the system. Specifically: -Houses scale from 10-70 on resources, with linear increase in strength of holdings, while the curve should rather be exponential. -Because of this influence and status often does not properly reflect the material holdings that these are based on. To begin with, I'll nail down some definitions: -Rank is where the house stands compared to others, where 0 is a peasant family and 70 is that of the mightiest great house. I'm leaving the King out of it, because the Iron Throne generally does not hold direct command over as many resources as say Highgarden or Casterly Rock. -Resources is used to buy holdings, like current rules, and are derived according to the formula: Resources=Rank*Rank/10. -Holdings as current, but with modified costs. Note; I am not going to present a final product, not yet anyway, the separation of rank and resources could result in a fair bit of unbalance. And I'm mostly interested in getting my general ideas out at this point. The system will also most likely lead to that player created houses perhaps becomes slightly stronger. Don't get caught up too much in the specific numbers presented. Change number one: Status and Influence. The Influence resource is no longer used to buy status for heirs. It is used for buying house status: Knightly House: 10, status 2 Petty Noble House: 40, status 2 Minor Noble House: 160, status 3 Major Noble House: 250, status 4 Great Noble House: 360, status 5* *Requires the Iron Throne to approve. As there can only be one great house per realm. Though arguably, a "vassal house" might reach the status of being "great" if the paramount house also holds the title of warden (House Hightower probably is the closest to qualify as such). House status works in the way that it determines what kind of status members may purchase. The Lord, his spouse, their children and their spouses can buy up to the listed amount. First cousins have the listed amount -1. Second cousins have the listed amount -2. Children of First cousins have the listed amount -2. And so on. Castellan, steward and master at arms has the listed amount -1, Sworn swords the listed amount -2. It will never go below 2. With this comes amended benefits: Landed Knight, requires Knightly House: +1D to all status tests. Lord of House, requires noble House: +2D to all status tests. Lady of House, requires noble House: +1D to all status tests. Heir, requires noble House: +1D to all status tests. Warden (of the North, south, east or west): +3D to all status tests. Member of the Small Council: +3D to all status tests Hand of the King, Regent: +4D to all status tests You only get the highest bonus, and I'd generally advise that characters being appointed Hand of the King swaps out his lord benefit with hand of the king benefit, or whatever it is he has. The Influence rank, in my opinion, should be have two components: 1. Base influence rank is the average value of your rank in defense, lands, power and wealth.* 2. The Influence modifier, which is a number between 0 and rank/5 which is either added or subtracted.** *Without more in depth rules for Law and Population than a modifier on house fortunes, I don't really want to factor them in. **This is what will be rolled during house creation, which will be influenced by events and realm. Probably, this will mean that you don't make the 7d6 roll for influence at all. For expansion, I would suggest introducing "House Qualities" benefits which would cost rank*10 resources and drawbacks that would give rank*10 resources. For example: All members of the House gets +1B on Status reputation. All members of the House gets -1D on status reputation. (I imagine the Freys have taken this one). This could maybe be done for other types of resources also. While it would be fun, I'm not going to look into law/population, they have no holdings associated with them. Changes to holdings: Defense, here, resource inflation needs to have a corresponding increase in holding cost, so without much further ado: Small Castle: 90 Large Castle: 250 Superior Castle: 360 Extraordinary Castle: 490 You could skip the latter two steps, but IMO, Harrenhaal is so much bigger than Winterfell that I think they should be there for the sake of completeness. For Land Holdings, I wouldn't change much, the core idea of mine is that a house with 70 of something has a lot more than 7 times than a house with 10 of the same thing. A house of 70 of something has like 50 times as much now. Except for communities, which I would increase in cost along the lines of what I did with castles above. Power would be much the same, but with the add-on that the cost of a banner house is equal to it's power rank. A Banner House with 50 power (with banner houses and units worth 250 resources) costs 50 resources. Wealth is the tricky part, you'll run out of options fairly quick, to mitigate this, you could increase prices, introduce more diverse holdings. Or maybe make it so that every holding you buy increases the cost of any further holdings. Say, the price of a new holding is increased by 1 for each wealth holding you already have.
New Listings in Texas - Friday, March 30th, 2012 Homes.org gives you access to homes for sale listed on 03/30/2012 in Texas. Get detailed information on new listings in cities and towns across Texas, or expand your search to find homes listed for sale on March 30th in other states. Each new listing provides important information about the latest homes for sale in TX - list price, neighborhood information, price per square foot and much more. Photo galleries and virtual tours highlight the features and amenities of the property, giving you a firsthand look at everything the home has to offer. See the latest Texas home listings now by browsing below. 6912 Cielo Azul Pass Austin, TX$375,000Lots And Land Keller Williams Lake Travis 17051 Abbe Ln Canyon, TX$69,000Residential TruStar Real Estate, LLC Keller Williams - McKinney North Collin County 8555 Quail Tree San Antonio, TX$100,000Residential Keller Willis San Antonio Inc 19800 Sandcastle Dr Spicewood, TX$139,900Lots And Land Coldwell Banker United, Realtors
Dish failed to disclose its intention to launch a commercial-skipping option when it worked out retransmission consent with CBS, the broadcast network said in documents filed with the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. “This is an action for injunctive relief… against Dish for breaching the retransmission consent agreement between it and CBS, dated Jan. 5, 2012; and against Dish for fraudulently concealing material information in its negotiation of the retransmission agreement with CBS, thereby fraudulently inducing CBS to enter into that agreement,” the filing states. Dish launched the Hopper set-top last March. It skips commercials in prime time only on broadcast networks. CBS, as well as Fox and NBC, cried copyright violation and all sued separately. A federal judge in California denied Fox’s request to order Dish to stop skipping commercials while the copyright case was being decided. The network immediately appealed. While the cases remain pending in court, the strife escalates. Dish introduced the SlingHopper at 2013 CES in Las Vegas earlier this month. The SlingHopper adds the capability of a SlingBox, allowing users to watch their programming remotely over a broadband connection. Online tech news site CNET selected the SlingHopper for a “Best of CES” award, but corporate parent company CBS reportedly nixed the selection due to the ongoing litigation. CNET’s Greg Sandoval resigned over the incident, according to several news sources, including PC Mag CBS claims its retransmission consent agreement with Dish was completed before the network had any knowledge of the Hopper. “At the time the retransmission agreement was negotiated, Dish knew that CBS would not have been willing to enter into the retransmission agreement if CBS had been aware that Dish would attempt to use its limited access to the CBS Broadcast Signal as a vehicle for offering CBS’s primetime programming to Dish subscribers on an on-demand, commercial-free basis,” the court filing states. CBS claims that Executive Vice President Marty Franks made it clear during negotiations that the network did not intend to include new or future business in the retrans deal. The filing says that in mid-December Franks met with Dish executives, who showed him the stuffed kangaroo that represents the Hopper logo, but that they failed to mention the “AutoHop function that enables commercial-skipping. Four days after the retrans agreement was signed, Dish launched the Hopper, the filing said. Then on May 10, 2012, Dish activated the CBS is asking the court to “permanently enjoin” Dish from offering AutoHop, a rescission of its retrans agreement with CBS, statutory damages and attorney Nov. 12, 2012: Appeals to Stop the Hop legal team wasted no time in appealing a federal judge’s decision last week to let Dish keep on skipping broadcast TV commercials. Nov. 8, 2012: Lets Dish Keep on Hopping Dolly Gee of the United States District Court for the Central District of California denied Fox’s request to order Dish to stop skipping network TV commercials, published reports indicate. May 29, 2012: Dish Sue Each Other Over Hopper expected, three out of the four major broadcast networks filed lawsuits against Dish Network and its Hopper DVR that allows viewers to automatically skip TV
Thank you, Sheriff Zaruba. I appreciate your kind words. I also want to thank you, and the NSA's outstanding leadership team, for inviting and welcoming me here today. It's good to be among friends. Over the years, I've been privileged to work with many of you, and, today, I'm proud to stand alongside each of you in answering our nation's call to attain justice. In that effort to attain justice, enforce our laws, and -- most importantly -- protect the American people, America's sheriffs serve as essential partners to the Justice Department. This morning, I'm eager to discuss the work we share. But I'm also here to ask for your help in building the future we all seek. In looking toward this future, and to the needs that must be met and challenges that must be faced, I'm reminded of the wisdom that our nation's most iconic sheriff left us. As John Wayne once said, "Tomorrow hopes we've learned something from yesterday." It's true that tomorrow's success is informed by our past experiences. And I'm certain it will be defined by our current priorities. In establishing the Department's agenda for this year and beyond, we are guided by the knowledge that moving forward effectively requires a commitment to getting back to basics. We've begun by reinvigorating the traditional missions of the Justice Department and by re-instilling an ethos of integrity, independence and transparency in everything we do. Even as we confront the complex challenges posed by global terrorism, and even as we recognize this work as the Department's top priority, we must also embrace the historic and most fundamental roles of law enforcement: fighting crime, protecting civil rights, preserving the environment, and ensuring fairness in the market place. Your entire membership, indeed every person in this room, can play a role. And your guidance can make a critical difference. In the work of making our neighborhoods and communities safer, you are the front lines. You know what works. You know what doesn't. And you have taught me that there is no such thing as a one-size-fits-all answer to the dynamic and evolving problem of crime. This lesson became clear to me years ago, when I served as a young federal prosecutor. And it's been reinforced by my experiences as a judge, as a U.S. Attorney, as Deputy Attorney General and, today, as Attorney General. I have learned, repeatedly and unequivocally, that good police work is a critical first step to understanding, punishing and preventing crime. It's the cornerstone of sound policy and the basis for effective resource investments. But good police work is not done in isolation. It's done in partnership. And it's done with a commitment to exchanging information, ideas and experiences. I know that collaboration is the most powerful law enforcement tool we have. This effort begins with the brave men and women who police our neighborhoods, manage our jails and help secure our borders. This work -- your work -- makes a difference in communities, in families, and in individual lives. And it will be a key component in meeting the Justice Department's goals for this year and beyond. I want to talk more specifically about several of our priorities. And I want to tell you about some of the ways the Justice Department is working to provide much-needed support to sheriffs and other law enforcement personnel. One of the top priorities of this Justice Department is to re-establish our relationships with state, local and tribal authorities. These partnerships are critical. Yet, in recent years, many of them have suffered, been neglected or been taken for granted. No longer. We are committed to rebuilding these bonds. And we are actively working to open new channels of communication and collaboration. At every level, we're focused on strengthening the Department's core missions of combating terrorism and fighting crime. In the months ahead, we plan to give particular emphasis to initiatives aimed at tackling economic crime, international organized crime, youth violence and the exploitation of children. We will also be focusing on improving our corrections system and ensuring that conditions are secure, humane and aimed at rehabilitation. There's no question that problems in our jails and prisons are alarming, especially the increased prevalence of sexual assault. The Bureau of Justice Statistics recently found that 12 percent of young offenders in our juvenile facilities have been sexually victimized. This is horrifying. It's also unacceptable. As we work toward making improvements, many of you have raised practical concerns about some of the recommendations included in the Prison Rape Elimination Act Commission Report. I am committed to working with you. And I'm determined to address this problem effectively, collaboratively, and as quickly as possible. Sheriffs must be a part of this work. I'm pleased that several of you will be meeting with the Department's PREA Working Group on Monday. And I want each of you to know that there will be additional opportunities to offer input and to comment on proposed regulations. We'll also be soliciting your assistance in our reinvigorated drug enforcement efforts. This work is driving an enhanced focus on Mexico and on our southwest border. To date, the Department has launched a series of efforts aimed at confronting the threats posed by Mexican cartels, by sophisticated criminal organizations, by smugglers of guns, drugs, and cash, and by those intent on illegally crossing into our country. Some of you work along our southwest border. You know, as surely as I do, that we simply cannot afford to ignore the problem of illegal immigration. Several of you have reached out to us and to our colleagues across the Administration. You've warned that tension is building. And you've described its consequences: spikes in hate crimes, an increased fear of local law enforcement, and growing concerns for public safety. We hear you. And we are working to ensure that the federal government lives up to its responsibility to create and enforce effective immigration laws. President Obama has signaled his commitment to comprehensive immigration reform. He's engaged the Justice Department in finding a workable solution for the millions who are in our country without lawful status. And he's called on us, as well as the Department of Homeland Security, to provide technical assistance on issues of enforcement, administrative and judicial review, and civil rights. As we encourage and pursue reforms, let me be clear about two points: We will fulfill our obligation to enforce current immigration laws. And we will also honor our commitment to safeguard civil rights in our border areas, as well as in our workplaces, our housing markets and our voting booths. I realize that achieving the goals I've laid out will not be easy. Success will depend on how well we support our law enforcement partners. It will also depend on our ability to provide the investments you need to do your jobs well. In this time of mounting deficits and budget cuts, I know that your work has become more difficult. But it's never been more important. The needs of your offices cannot be ignored or overlooked. You deserve better, and our communities deserve better. That ' s why, from day one, this Administration has been focused on providing local law enforcement officials with sufficient resources. And the Justice Department is an enthusiastic partner in this work. Through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act alone, we have awarded more than $2 billion through the Office of Justice Programs. And we ' ve allocated more than $1 billion through the office of Community Oriented Policing Services. Many of you - but not enough of you - have benefited from these investments. As part of our OJP Recovery Act rural law enforcement program, $36 million was awarded to sheriffs' offices. And sheriffs have received nearly $9 million under our Southern Border program. However, addressing the challenges faced by law enforcement requires more than simply moving money out the door. We must match resources effectively with local needs, something that can only be achieved through strong federal-local partnerships. We must also recognize that, in the work of ensuring public safety, these partnerships go far beyond funding decisions. We must seek out new ways to deepen and extend these partnerships. This includes participating in each others' task forces. It includes sharing data and research. And it requires taking what we know, and what we have learned from each other, and making sure this information is put to good use. There's no question that this type of cooperation among law enforcement agencies is vital to fulfilling our missions and responsibilities. And one of our core objectives must be to work together to protect the safety of our law enforcement officers. A key part of this work is the Department's Body Armor Initiative and our Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program. Through our National Institute of Justice, we run a rigorous standards and testing program to ensure that body armor does what it's supposed to do: keep law enforcement safe. Through our Bureau of Justice Assistance, we've helped law enforcement personnel in more than 13,000 jurisdictions purchase some 800,000 protective vests -- vests that can make a critical difference to our officers in the field. Unfortunately, in the past, some body armor was poorly manufactured. Some materials degraded to the point of being ineffective against the bullets they were designed to defeat. The Justice Department's Civil Division has been in litigation with several companies over defective vests made from a material called Zylon. In October 2008, one of the companies -- Armor Holdings Products -- agreed to pay $30 million as part of a settlement. Today, I'm pleased to announce that $11 million from this and other settlements will be invested in law enforcement officers across the country. These resources will not be going back into the Treasury. They will be pumped into our Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program. And, this year, they will enable us to purchase an estimated 26,000 additional bullet-resistant vests. Through this and other programs, we will take every step possible to protect your safety. I want you all to know that violence against law enforcement will not be tolerated. At every level of your Justice Department, and in every corner of our country, acts of violence against law enforcement will be pursued. They will be prosecuted. And they will be punished. There is nothing more basic, or more important, to our work than keeping our law enforcement officers safe. Recently, our nation, and our law enforcement community, was tragically reminded of this truth. As you well know, less than two months ago, in a coffee shop in Lakewood, Washington, four police officers sat together, preparing for a work day they would not live to see. At 8:30 that morning, these officers were ambushed by a gunman and killed in cold blood. It's believed that they were targeted, murdered, simply because of the uniforms they wore and the public service they provided. These victims, of course, were members of Lakewood's 100-member police department. But they were part of something much larger. They were part of a law enforcement community that includes federal, state, local and tribal officials. They were part of our nation's law enforcement family. Their memorial service was attended by more than 20,000 people. Officers from as far away as New York, Boston and Chicago drove hundreds of miles to be there, creating a processional that lasted nearly three and a half hours. But tragically, this type of senseless killing of law enforcement officers is not an isolated incident. Just last week, Captain Chad Reed of the Dixie County Sheriff's Office in Dixie County, Florida lost his life in the line of duty during a gunfight with a murder suspect. Captain Reed and his family are in our thoughts and prayers- today and always. The program from the Lakewood officers' memorial service included the Police Officers' Prayer. A prayer for courage, for strength, for dedication and for compassion. These are the qualities I see and admire in law enforcement officials across our country, and within this room. It is your gifts, your dedication and your leadership that will enable our Justice Department to make a positive, historic difference. Let us commit to this work. Let us learn from each other. Let us work in partnership to develop law enforcement programs that are sophisticated, smart, tough and effective. And let us do so today. I look forward to working with you, and learning from you, over the next several years. Together, we can make a better America. Thank you.
R. Pressley, 34 Published: Tuesday, August 21, 2012 at 7:20 a.m. Last Modified: Tuesday, August 21, 2012 at 7:20 a.m. R.Travis Pressley, 34, passed away Sunday, August 19, 2012. Services will be private. Shuler funeral Home is assisting the family Reader comments posted to this article may be published in our print edition. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.
The Filly Funk How coaches, parents and athletes deal with female runners' maturation plateau. The main reason I lost interest in running was because I wasn’t winning any more. It wasn’t fun,” Molly says of her later years of high school. “I was working just as hard as when I was a freshman, but running slower. And being beaten by eighth-graders.” Ouch. The filly funk. High school boys usually follow a linear progression, getting stronger and faster as they age. Girls, however, often run fast right out of the gate and then plateau or even regress as juniors or seniors. This vexes girls, their parents and coaches alike, and sometimes short-circuits what can be a lifelong, rewarding activity. The funk involves a swirling myriad of factors, unique to each runner. We’re not going to talk about the unalterable why here, but about how to minimize negativity, bridge frustration, maintain motivation and keep running. Strategies gleaned from coaches, parents and athletes fall into four broad categories: Switching It Up, Health, Fun and Goals. SWITCHING IT UP Comparison causes suffering. But if it’s apples and oranges, there’s no comparison. If it’s your first 800 or 400 or (fill in the blank) — it’ll always be a PR. And fresh, and exciting. “If a girl ran a fast mile as a freshman and is struggling to repeat or improve on that performance, I’ll suggest the 4 x 800 or, heck, even the 400 or 200,” says Bev Docherty, parent and longtime high school track and cross country coach at Mounds Park Academy in St. Paul. “I really don’t think young athletes should focus on one event, or even one sport.” Because cross country offers less opportunity to switch distances, Docherty is a strong proponent of keeping younger harriers in junior high or JV competition, regardless of their ability, simply because the variety of distances, unlike the regulation high school 4K or 5K varsity course, making comparisons difficult. “I recommend they have their serum ferritin level checked several times per year, preferably by a physician who knows running,” says Matt Gabrielson, head girls cross country coach at Edina High School in suburban Minneapolis. The combination of increased mileage, onset of menstrual cycles and rapid growth depletes stored ferritin, resulting in fatigue and decreased performance. Many endurance athletes, he finds, need iron supplementation. Sleep is another cornerstone of health that’s often overlooked, Gabrielson observes. Juniors and seniors are more likely than eighth- or ninth-graders to have hours of homework, jobs, college applications and boyfriends, putting the squeeze on sleep. “Some of the juniors couldn’t figure out why they weren’t running as fast. I discovered they were sleeping four hours a night.” Weight is, of course, the great unmentionable. Most coaches and parents are hyperaware of the delicacy of the topic and steer discussions toward food as fuel for health, energy and fitness. “It’s not about weight, it’s about fitness,” Gabrielson says. Fun, as in sleepovers. Even top-level athletes need to balance their commitment to the sport with being a teenager. An athlete choosing a sleepover over an optional post-season meet shouldn’t be a cause for concern but a sign of a healthy, balanced perspective. Fun, as in diversity. “I always try to make workouts as fun as possible,” Gabrielson says, “but in the off seasons, I think seventh-, eighth-and ninth-graders should be playing basketball, soccer, whatever. They’ll be fresher when they come back.” Fun, as in winning. Kathleen Miller is the mother of four girls and was a high school cross country/track coach for nine years. “I’ve seen so many seventh- and eighth-graders who run varsity, get injured or bored or whatever and never run again,” she says. “I’d like to take a longer view.” So when her own talented eighth-grader went out for cross country, Miller insisted she run with the junior high program, even when her daughter’s eighth-grade friend moved up to the varsity team. “Initially she was upset about not being able to run varsity, but after winning several big eighth-grade races, she admitted, if she’d run varsity, she would have been back in the pack and would have missed the accolades, the fun of winning and of running with her friends,” Miller says. “I’ll meet with the runner and her parents, and we’ll talk about how it’s common for all athletes to plateau,” Docherty says. “It’s easier to discuss because it’s not personal, it’s not a failing, it’s not tied to having a woman’s body. Plateaus are a normal feature of any athlete’s career.” Once the negativity is replaced with a more objective view, they can set a course for the future. Docherty finds that young runners often focus on only one goal: running faster. She helps them take a step back and examine how their lives are constantly changing, and how running fits into that dynamic tableau. During particularly stressful times, such as when athletes are taking college entrance tests and applying to colleges, Docherty may suggest different, equally worthwhile goals like contributing to team points, developing speed (e.g., for a 3200 meter runner), remaining injury-free, serving as a team leader and role model or even, paradoxically, learning how to lose. High school coach Erin Block Ward, of Central High School in St. Paul, tells the story of a fast filly who enjoyed great success until junior year. “We suggested she go out for Nordic skiing, instead of running over the winter,” Ward says. “She was awful. Dead last in every race. But she would finish, last, and say, ‘That was fun!’” Learning how to enjoy a sport without winning put things in perspective, and ultimately helped a successful high school runner become a successful college runner
Edward Humber and Colin Lucas, who are both 64 years of age and residents of Stephenville Crossing, had gone ice fishing for trout at the same location on Thursday morning and everything went fine; however, when they returned in the afternoon they broke through the ice. Humber said while his buddy was able to roll like a seal and find good ice, he wasn’t so fortunate. With his coat undone and hauling him down and ice breaking away, he was having some difficulty trying to get hold of something solid. While the two had a sled, which he was holding onto, the ice just kept breaking away and the sled would sink on his end. He said at one point, Lucas almost got him out, but not quite. With the water only five to six feet deep, he was able to push himself up as needed but the length of time in the frigid water was starting to take its toll. He feels that had he taken off his coat he might have been able to make it. Meanwhile a passerby had witnessed the two men in trouble and called the RCMP. Corporal Joe Anderson and Constable Todd Davidson, who were carrying out a patrol in the area at the time, about 1:10 p.m., responded. Using a rope they had in the trunk of their cruiser, they threw it out to Humber and hauled him in to shore. Both men were soaking wet and were immediately attended to, then taken to Sir Thomas Roddick Hospital in Stephenville by ambulance, where they were treated and released later on Thursday. Humber said when he arrived at the hospital he was still in a bit of shock after being in the cold water for about 20 minutes, which seemed more like an hour. He said the nurses treated him really well and remembers a hot cup of tea he was given taking the cold right out of his body. He had some concerns when he was in the water due to prior health issues; however, he said he was surprised at the strength of the human body. Humber said he and Lucas have been ice fishing pretty well daily when weather permitted and have caught a lot of trout at Little River, including one that weighed in at two and a half pounds. He admits there was some stupidity on his part. “It (the ice) looked white; however, there were spots where brown water was forming and that’s usually a sign there could be a problem. I guess we shouldn’t have gone out there in the afternoon,” Humber said. Being an experienced ice fisher, he is aware southeasterly wind is a bad one on the ice. “I think the weather played tricks on us,” he said. Humber said after the strong winds on Thursday, he wouldn’t advise people to be on the ice now, as it’s getting compromised. While he’s not sure if his friend will go back ice fishing, he said he will be back at it, but will be a lot more careful the next time.
The February edition of Reason has my column on fan fiction, “The Fan Fiction Phenomena: What Faust, Hamlet, and Xena the Warrior Princess have in common,” in which I discuss fan-written stories based on television, film, and book characters. (As I mention in the column, I myself have been writing Xena: Warrior Princess fanfic for the past six years.) I also discuss some of the critiques directed at fan fiction. One of those critics, writer Lee Goldberg, now argues on his blog that I misrepresented his position. Here’s what I wrote in my column (for context, I give the full paragraph): The concerns that anti-fanfic hard-liners express about the appropriation of their characters are understandable. But Hobb’s idea that readers may mistake Robin Hobb fan fiction for her own work borders on the paranoid, and some arguments advanced by fanfic’s foes make little sense. Thus Hobb exempts from her scorn professionally written Star Trek novels licensed by the copyright owner—even though the license comes from the corporation, not the creators of the characters. (Corporate-licensed works are also hobbled by content restrictions that favor blandness.) The vehemently anti-fanfic writer Lee Goldberg, who blogs at leegoldberg.com, is the author of several authorized novels based on the TV shows Monk and Diagnosis Murder—a contradiction he defends on the grounds that he does it only for the money. I have written extensively on my blog about fanfiction, particularly my view that the practice of publishing it in print and on the Internet infringes on the original author’s creative rights (not to mention the trademark and copyright issues). I’ve argued that fanfiction writers should get the permission of the author or rights holder before distributing their work. If the original author or rights holder has no problem with fanfiction based on their work, then I don’t either. I have also said that licensed tie-in fiction, which I have written, differs significantly on ethical and legal grounds from fanfiction because it is done with the consent, participation and supervision of the original author or rights holder. At no point have I *ever* expressed the views that she incorrectly (and I have to assume deliberately) attributed to me. Now, I assume the views I have allegedly misattritubed to Goldberg are, (1) that he is vehemently anti-fanfic, and (2) that he has defended his authorship of tie-in novels on the grounds that he only writes them for the money. On the first count, I think that a read-through of Goldberg’s blogposts on fanfic will suffice to prove my case. While Goldberg does in fact state in a number of posts that in his opinion, fan fiction violates copyright and intellectual property, he devotes far more space to jeering at the moral degeneracy and weirdness of fanficcers, focusing on such fringe phenomena as kiddie porn fanfic, a fan who surfs the Web searching for masturbation fic, male pregnancy fanfic, one fan’s fantasies about Roy Orbison and cling-wrap, real-person slashfic in which actors, singers, and other celebrities are depicted in homoerotic sexual situations, and the like. (By the way, it’s hard not to notice that Goldberg seems especially incensed by gay-themed fanfiction.) He constantly engages in gross generalization; a post about a self-professed Harry Potter smut aficionada is entitled “The Fanfic Mind.” If Goldberg has ever said anything positive about fanfic writers in fandoms where the copyright holders and creators have explicitly allowed and even encouraged fan fiction — such as Buffy The Vampire Slayer and Harry Potter — I have found no evidence of that on his blog. I have, however, found such statements as: Money and copyright aside, what an incredible waste of creativity. Why toil on characters you don’t own in a world that’s not your own? It’s not even literary masturbation. It’s more like the literary equivalent of having sex with an inflatable woman who looks like Halle Berry. In another post, mocking an email correspondent who asks him for a link to some fanfic he has mentioned, Goldberg says that it’s “sort of like asking a Jew to direct you to some really rocking anti-Semitic screeds.” Wow, Mr. Goldberg. Tell us how you really feel. It was not my intent in my column to extensively discuss Lee Goldberg’s views on fan fiction, or the debate about fanfic and copyright/intellectual property laws (an issue I briefly mentioned in my discussion of fantasy writer Robin Hobb’s attack on fan fiction). I would say, however, that “vehemently anti-fanfic” sums up Goldberg’s stance pretty well. Now, on to the second part. Did Goldberg ever defend his tie-in novels on the grounds that he only writes them for the money? Sure he did, on the very same blog where he now claims to have been misrepresented. In fact, he devoted an entire post to this point on June 16, 2005: [S]omeone asked what the difference is between someone who writes tie-ins and someone who writes fanfic… beyond the fact that tie-ins are written with the consent of the author/right’s (sic) holder. There’s a big difference. I was hired to write DIAGNOSIS MURDER and MONK novels. It’s something I am being paid to do. It’s not like I woke up one morning with a burning desire to write DIAGNOSIS MURDER novels, wrote one up, and sent it off to a publisher (or, as a fanficcer would do, posted it on the web). The publisher came to me and asked me to write them. I would never write a book using someone else’s characters unless I was hired to do so. It would never even occur to me because the characters aren’t mine. Given a choice, I would only write novels and TV shows of my own creation. But I have to make a living and I take the work that comes my way…and that includes writing-for-hire, whether it’s on someone else’s TV show or original tie-in novels based on characters I didn’t create. Ultimately, however, what motivates me as a writer is to express myself…not the work of someone else. That’s the big difference between me and a fanficcer. Given a choice, fanficcers “write” fanfic. (The numerous italics are all in the original.) More recently, Goldberg returns to this theme in a September 20, 2006 post, “Am I a Fanficcer?” While he does stress that his TV show-based novels are published with the consent and involvement of the owners, the “I’m only in it for the money” defense rears its head again: What I do isn’t comparable to fanfiction — which is using someone else’s work without their consent or involvement and distributing on the Internet. I don’t do it as my personal artistic expression — it’s a job, one that I do to the best of my ability. Like a fanficcer, I am writing about characters I didn’t create and that are not my own. But, as I said before, unless approached to do so, I would have absolutely no interest or desire to write about someone else’s characters. Why? Because…and let me repeat this… the characters aren’t mine. I didn’t create them. They don’t belong to me. I much prefer to write totally original work and if I could make my living only doing that, I would. In fairness to Goldberg, I should have said that he defends his tie-in novels partly on the grounds that he only writes them for the money. I singled out this argument because I found it particularly bizarre — it’s the first time I have seen paid hackwork held up as morally superior to an unpaid labor of love — and because I had already mentioned the “fanfic is intellectual theft” argument in my comments on Robin Hobb. If that gave a misleading impression of Goldberg’s views on fanfic, I will readily offer my apologies. However, I certainly did not put any argument in Goldberg’s mouth that he did not repeatedly make on his blog. Since we’re on the subject, I will answer a question Goldberg poses in his September 20 post: What I have yet to see any fanficcer explain why they won’t to ask the creator or rights holder for permission before posting and distributing their work. Or why fanficcers adamantly refuse to follow the expressed wishes of creator/rights holders (for example, Rowling has approved fanfiction based on Harry Potter as long as it’s not sexually explicit…but that hasn’t stopped thousands of people from writing and posting Potter slash, disrespecting her and her wishes ). I know the answer, of course. Fanficcers are terrified of officially being told NO… and identifying themselves in case they decide to blithely violate the author’s wishes anyway. On the second point: I and most other fanfic writers and readers strongly disapprove of Harry Potter (or any other) fanfic featuring underage characters in sexual situations. I also personally believe that the wishes of any writer who has asked people not to write fan fiction based on his or her work — or has set specific guidelines for such fan fiction, like Rowling or Anne McCaffrey — should be respected. (Since a pro-Goldberg blogger indicts me for “absconding with characters” created by others, I will mention that the producers of Xena actually hired one of my fellow intellectual thieves, fanfic writer Melissa “Missy” Good, to write scripts for the show.) On the first point, I can only say: Is Goldberg kidding? He knows perfectly well that his “ask for permission first” requirement would mean the end of fan fiction, and NOT because copyright owners would say no. Would original fiction writers be willing to spend hours every day answering emails asking them if it’s okay to post a fanfiction based on their work? With movie- and television-based fanfiction, the situation would be far more complicated. Does Goldberg expect studios to hire a staff just to field requests for permission to post a fanfic? And to whom should the request be directed anyway? The corporation? The creator of the characters? What if the characters have multiple creators? (In the case of Xena: Warrior Princess, it was apparently unclear at one point who owned the rights to the characters, holding up a possible big-screen movie project.) Furthermore, both writers and studios or other corporations which have no objection to fanfiction based on their characters and settings may well be skittish about actively granting their permission for the publication of specific stories. “Authorized” stories would appear to have the writer’s or owner’s imprimatur. Moreover, the writers or the studio personnel would have either to read the stories submitted — which would be not only incredibly time-consuming but legally problematic — or to authorize them unread. I do think that it would be an ideal resolution to the legal dilemma of fan-created works if the authors or creators/copyright holders were to state upfront that they do not object to non-commercial fan endeavors — be it fiction, art, or music videos — and, if they wish, to stipulate rules by which they want the writers and artists to abide. (Or, if they do object, to issue a “no fanfic” directive. The vast majority of fans will respect it, for both ethical and legal reasons.) In the absence of such explicit statements, given that the widespread existence of fan fiction is by now no secret to anyone, I think that silence may be presumed to equal consent. Finally, since we’re on the topic of misrepresentation: In a post on October 12, 2006, Goldberg suggests, on the basis of a New York Times profile of fanfic writer-turned-pro Naomi Novik, that Novik has revised her previously “liberal” views on fanfic and copyright now that she is a commercially published author herself. As some of his commenters point out, Novik has in fact specifically said that this is not so. Goldberg has yet to issue a retraction in the body of his post or even to acknowledge his error in the comments, despite having posted in the comments thread several times.
Licence Professionnelle Webdesign sensoriel et stratégies de création en ligne (Limoges University – France) Hpi was teaching Sound Design for Mobile Applications and Websites at Limoges this week. From sound basics (frequencies, volume, file sizes, formats and compression, effects with EQ, compression, limiter etc…) to sound designers technics, ‘know how’ and tricks, and finally an introduction to sound technologies developed in the video game field, with all the real time challenges. Teaching is an exercise that most of us enjoy in the team, we love to share our experience, and preparing these sessions is challenging, you have to watch out all the last technological improvements on the market ! Next week, the GAF team is heading up west to the ENJMIN, for a course dedicated to sound engines and audio programming in the video game field.
Copyright ©2010. The Associated Press. Produced by NewsOK.com All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Author opens door to his family's Oklahoma past At the heart of Michael S. Malone's new nonfiction book is a tiny chamber clawed out of the earth more than 100 years ago, a cave that still exists in the riverbed near his great-grandfather's Oklahoma homestead. That cave captivated Malone on his only visit to the farm as a child. The property already had passed out of his family's hands, and while the old house and towering barn held little interest for him, the cave was so outside his range of experiences that it shocked him, seared into him, held him fast. “It impressed me not because of the extraordinary emotional resonance it carried for everyone else in the Hasbrook family — I knew little about that, other than the extraordinary fact that my grandmother had been a baby there — but for the sheer oddness of the place,” Malone wrote. “It was just a door, flanked by stacked river rocks, in the creek bank. I not only had never seen anything like it, I didn't even know such places existed. It was like something out of a musty old fairy tale — and when my father managed to yank the creaky door open, exposing the arched vault and boxes of root vegetables inside, it was as if I was looking into the center of the earth.” In truth, he was looking into his family's past. “Charlie's Place: The Saga of an American Frontier Homestead” gallops across America and through four or five generations, ranging from Oregon to Virginia to California. But its heart is that cave, dug by Malone's great-grandfather, Charlie Hasbrook, in the ground near Enid. Malone's book is part adventure story, part true crime and part memoir — all told with Malone's usual skill. A lauded journalist, Malone has authored about 15 books. He was the first tech reporter for the San Jose Mercury News, putting him in an ideal position to cover Silicon Valley and the rise and inevitable bursting of the dot.com bubble. His work has appeared in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. He helped found “Fast Company” and “Wired” magazines and headed up the now defunct digital economy magazine, “Forbes ASAP.” “Charlie's Place” tells about Hasbrook's journey to the territories and his participation in the Land Run. Hasbrook held onto his claim with tenacity, digging the cave out of the creek bed, lining it with muslin and eking out an existence with his family in conditions few of us could imagine today.
I'm Michael. I have done a lot of stuff in a variety of areas. I have finished a degree for example (and am currently working on a second). This website presents some interesting things that I've done. If you are interested in employing me, email me with details, and ask for a copy of my CV. At the moment I am currently .
Barbara Gordon Batgirl - 344 This is actually for the same guy that got the Huntress sketch from me at Project Comic Con. I had meant to do a Barbara Gordon sketch during my Batman week waaaaaay back in Oct. but couldnt get around to it. He requested one from back then and I'm just now getting around to it...Pretty par for the course for me lately. oy. For Questions and Comments email me at
Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia dead at 92WASHINGTON (AP) — Robert C. Byrd, the longest serving member of the U.S. Senate, a fiery orator and hard-charging power broker who steered billions of federal dollars to his beloved West Virginia, died Monday. He was 92. WASHINGTON (AP) — Robert C. Byrd, the longest serving member of the U.S. Senate, a fiery orator and hard-charging power broker who steered billions of federal dollars to his beloved West Virginia, died Monday. He was 92. A spokesman for the family, Jesse Jacobs, said that Byrd died peacefully at about 3 a.m. at Inova Hospital in Fairfax, Va. He had been in the hospital since late last week. At first Byrd was believed to be suffering from heat exhaustion and severe dehydration, but other medical conditions developed. He had been in frail health for several years. A man of humble, Depression-era upbringing, Byrd held his seat for over 50 years, working tirelessly all that time to make sure his state never missed out on its share — or even more, in some cases — of the federal largesse. He was the Senate’s majority leader for six of those years and was third in the line of succession to the presidency, behind House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. Flags at the Capitol and the White House flew at half-staff Monday as Washington mourned Byrd’s passing. Byrd’s desk in Senate chamber was draped in black. Sen. Jay Rockefeller, a fellow West Virginian in the Senate, said it was his “greatest privilege” to serve with Byrd. “I looked up to him, I fought next to him, and I am deeply saddened that he is gone,” Rockefeller said. The Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, said Byrd “combined a devotion to the U.S. Constitution with a deep learning of history to defend the interests of his state and the traditions of the Senate.” “We will remember him for his fighter’s spirit, his abiding faith, and for the many times he recalled the Senate to its purposes,” McConnell said. Former President Jimmy Carter said Byrd “was my closest and most valuable adviser” during his presidency, when Byrd served as Senate majority leader. Byrd was skilled “in using arcane Senate rules to achieve his goals, and was proud of his ability to count votes and forge prevailing coalitions,” Carter said in a statement. West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin, a Democrat, will appoint Byrd’s replacement. For a declared vacancy more than two years and six months before the expiration of a senator’s term — Byrd’s term was to end Jan. 3, 2013 — the appointee serves until an election is held to fill the rest of the term. Manchin issued a statement Monday saying Byrd “was a fearless fighter for the Constitution, his beloved state and its great people.” He told The Associated Press that he will not appoint himself to fill the seat, and had no timetable for naming a replacement. Byrd’s death followed less than a year after the passing of venerable Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, a nationally recognizable figure who had been a most vociferous spokesman for liberal causes for years. In comportment and style, Byrd often seemed a Senate throwback to a courtlier 19th century. He could recite poetry, quote the Bible, discuss the Constitutional Convention and detail the Peloponnesian Wars — and frequently did in Senate debates. Yet there was nothing particularly courtly about Byrd’s pursuit or exercise of power. Byrd was a master of the Senate’s bewildering rules and longtime chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, which controls a third of the $3 trillion federal budget. He was willing to use both to reward friends and punish those he viewed as having slighted him. “Bob is a living encyclopedia, and legislative graveyards are filled with the bones of those who underestimated him,” former House Speaker Jim Wright, D-Texas, once said in remarks Byrd later displayed in his office. In 1971, Byrd ousted Kennedy, the Massachusetts senator, as the Democrats’ second in command. He was elected majority leader in 1976 and held the post until Democrats lost control of the Senate four years later. He remained his party’s leader through six years in the minority, then spent another two years as majority leader. Byrd stepped aside as majority leader in 1989 when Democrats sought a more contemporary television spokesman. “I ran the Senate like a stern parent,” Byrd wrote in his memoir, “Child of the Appalachian Coalfields.” His consolation price was the chairmanship of the Appropriations Committee, with control over almost limitless federal spending. Within two years, he surpassed his announced five-year goal of making sure more than $1 billion in federal funds was sent back to West Virginia, money used to build highways, bridges, buildings and other facilities, some named after him. In 2006 and with 64 percent of the vote, Byrd won an unprecedented ninth term in the Senate just months after surpassing South Carolinian Strom Thurmond’s record as its longest-serving member. His more than 18,500 roll call votes were another record. But Byrd also seemed to slow after the death of Erma, his wife of almost 69 years, in 2006. Frail and at times wistful, he used two canes to walk haltingly and needed help from aides to make his way about the Senate. He often hesitated at unscripted moments. By 2009, aides were bringing him to and from the Senate floor in a wheelchair. Though his hands trembled in later years, Byrd only recently lost his grip on power. Last November he surrendered his chairmanship of the Appropriations Committee. Byrd’s lodestar was protecting the Constitution. He frequently pulled out a dog-eared copy of it from a pocket in one of his trademark three-piece suits. He also defended the Senate in its age-old rivalry with the executive branch, no matter which party held the White House. Unlike other prominent Senate Democrats such as 2004 presidential nominee John Kerry of Massachusetts, who voted to authorize the war in Iraq, Byrd stood firm in opposition — and felt gratified when public opinion swung behind him. “The people are becoming more and more aware that we were hoodwinked, that the leaders of this country misrepresented or exaggerated the necessity for invading Iraq,” Byrd said. He cited Iraq when he endorsed then-Sen. Barack Obama for the Democratic presidential nomination in May 2008, calling Obama “a shining young statesman, who possesses the personal temperament and courage necessary to extricate our country from this costly misadventure.” Byrd’s accomplishments followed a childhood of poverty in West Virginia, and his success on the national stage came despite a complicated history on racial matters. As a young man, he was a member of the Ku Klux Klan for a brief period, and he joined Southern Democrats in an unsuccessful filibuster against the landmark 1964 Civil Rights Act. He later apologized for both actions, saying intolerance has no place in America. While supporting later civil rights bills, he opposed busing to integrate schools. Byrd briefly sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1976 and later told associates he had once been approached by President Richard M. Nixon, a Republican, about accepting an appointment to the Supreme Court. But he was a creature — and defender — of Congress across a career that began in 1952 with his election to the House. He served three terms there before winning his Senate seat in 1958, when Dwight D. Eisenhower was in the White House. He clashed with presidents in both parties and was implacably against proposed balanced budget amendments to the Constitution. “He is a fierce defender of the Senate and its prerogatives in ways that I think the founding fathers really intended the Senate to be,” said one-time rival Kennedy. In a measure of his tenacity, Byrd took a decade of night courses to earn a law degree in 1963, and completed his long-delayed bachelor’s degree at West Virginia’s Marshall University in 1994 with correspondence classes. Byrd was a near-deity in economically struggling West Virginia, to which he delivered countless federally financed projects. Entire government bureaus opened there, including the FBI’s repository for computerized fingerprint records. Even the Coast Guard had a facility in the landlocked state. Critics portrayed him as the personification of Congress’ thirst for wasteful “pork” spending projects. Robert Carlyle Byrd was born Nov. 20, 1917, in North Wilkesboro, N.C., as Cornelius Calvin Sale Jr., the youngest of five children. Before he was 1, his mother died and his father sent him to live with an aunt and uncle, Vlurma and Titus Byrd, who renamed him and moved to the coal-mining town of Stotesbury, W.Va. He didn’t learn his original name until he was 16 and his real birthday until he was 54. Byrd’s foster father was a miner who frequently changed jobs, and Byrd recalled that the family’s house was “without electricity, ... no running water, no telephone, a little wooden outhouse.” He graduated from high school but could not afford college. Married in 1936 to high school sweetheart Erma Ora James — with whom he had two daughters — he pumped gas, cut meat and during World War II was a shipyard welder. Returning to meat cutting in West Virginia, he became popular for his fundamentalist Bible lectures. A grand dragon of the Ku Klux Klan suggested he run for office. He won his first race — for the state’s House of Delegates — in 1946, distinguishing himself from 12 rivals by singing and fiddling mountain tunes. His fiddle became a fixture; he later played it on the television show “Hee Haw” and recorded an album. He abandoned it only after a grandson’s traumatic death in 1982 and when his shaky hands left him unable to play. At his 90th birthday party in 2007, however, Byrd joined bluegrass band Lonesome Highway in singing a few tunes and topped off the night with a rendition of “Old Joe Clark.” After six years in the West Virginia legislature, Byrd was elected to the U.S. House in 1952 in a race in which his brief Klan membership became an issue. He said he joined because of its anti-communism. Byrd entered Congress as one of its most conservative Democrats. He was an early supporter of the Vietnam War, and his 14-hour, 13-minute filibuster against the 1964 civil rights bill remains one of the longest ever. His views gradually moderated, particularly on economic issues, but he always sided with his state’s coal interests in confrontations with environmentalists. His love of Senate traditions inspired him to write a four-volume history of the chamber. It also led him to oppose laptops on the Senate floor and to object when a blind aide tried bringing her seeing-eye dog into the chamber. In 2004, Byrd got Congress to require schools and colleges to teach about the Constitution every Sept. 17, the day the document was adopted in 1787.
- Science and Technology - The GLOBE Program, University Corporation for Atmospheric Research (UCAR) and Colorado State University - Globe Program The purpose of this resource is to introduce what a catchment basin is and how it works. Students will make a 3-dimensional model of a catchment basin to understand how water moves through the basin and explore how water is affected when there are changes in the basin. - Course Type: - Learning Module - Material Type: - Activities and Labs, Homework and Assignments, Lesson Plans, Teaching and Learning Strategies - Media Format: - Downloadable docs - Conditions of Use: The User is granted the right to use this Site and its Materials for non-commercial, non-profit research, or educational purposes only, without any fee or cost. This includes the rights to access, link to, create derivative works, publish, distribute, disseminate, transfer, modify, copy, edit, and digitize the Materials contained in this Site for non-commercial, non-profit research, or educational purposes only.
Shick came to Pittsburgh a few months earlier as a graduate biology student at Duquesne University, before he was banned from that campus for harassing female students and withdrew from school. In the months before the shooting, Shick contacted UPMC doctors -- including some through its Resolve Crisis Network, a mobile mental health service -- about "a whole litany of maladies." Investigators believe Shick wasn't physically ill, but nonetheless believed UPMC doctors at other facilities had misdiagnosed him and may have shot up the clinic in anger over those perceived wrongs. One physician recommended Shick be involuntarily committed to a mental facility in late February, but that didn't happen. Zappala said Shick had been similarly committed at least twice in New York City, where he had previously been educated, and in Portland, Oregon, after fighting with police at an airport there in 2009. Had Shick been committed, and forced to take medicines to treat his mental problems in Pittsburgh, too, the shooting might have been avoided, Zappala said. The prosecutor noted that Shick's mental commitment records weren't accessible under a nationwide law enforcement database, which is why Shick was able to buy the two guns he used in the clinic shooting in New Mexico. Zappala said he's working with the county sheriff and law enforcement agencies in other jurisdictions to improve the sharing of such information to ensure guns can't be purchased by people who have been involuntarily committed. He's also investigating whether the county's Office of Behavioral Health may have prevented a warrant to involuntarily commit Shick from being issued after one doctor raised red flags in February. Zappala said the quick response by campus police limited the carnage, but said better planning on several fronts might have prevented the shooting altogether. "We were lucky that day," Zappala said. "But I'd rather effectuate plans that make a lot of sense to everybody than to be lucky again."
Track my order(s) Cart is empty Type the characters you see in the picture below. Number 7 Paper Back Wisconsin Red and White State Strip Patrol Leader Patch 1960s Rough Twill Gum Back Number 4 Paper Back Enter your email address to receive special offers and promotions. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter © 1999-2013 Boy Scout Store. Boy Scout Store
“It will take more than Bruce Willis to save the Earth from a giant doomsday asteroid, according to scientists.“ Someone did tell them Armageddon was just a movie, right? Like The Day After Tomorrow, War of the Worlds, An Inconvenient Truth, Them, The Blob, Gasland and Alien versus Predator, these are all just works of fiction, simple fantasy and escapism to be enjoyed with popcorn. You are not really supposed to believe William Shatner captained a spaceship or that Bruce Willis blows up asteroids when not hitting golf balls at greenpeace (actually the golf ball thing is appealing enough to be plausible). In the 1998 movie Armageddon, Willis plays an oil-drilling engineer who heads a mission to split an asteroid the size of Texas in half with a nuclear bomb. The two halves of the space rock pass either side of the Earth, saving the human race from annihilation. But in reality, such a strategy would just not work, a study has shown.
Politics & Culture Top 10 Articles New Yorkers Shrug May 31, 2012 Over the past decade New York State has lost 3.4 million residents, with incomes totaling $119 billion, according to the Tax Foundation. This loss more than offsets the 2.1 million who moved into the state between 2000 and 2009. A chief reason for fleeing is high taxes. For decades the Empire State has usually ranked Number One in the amount it extracts from its own citizens. So it’s no surprise that it now ranks Number One in the number of citizens extracting themselves from their roles as cash cows for spendaholic politicians. It also is no surprise that in 2009 "Cost of Government Day"—the date to which citizens must work to foot the bill for state as well federal expenditures—for New Yorkers was August 31. Only citizens of California and New Jersey had to work longer to slake the thirst of elected officials for the fruits of their labor. Those who leave high-tax states like New York for lower-tax states are refugees fleeing an army of despoilers in America’s current civil war between the producers and expropriators. As the burden on those remaining in such states increases, pressures build for more to shrug or for political change. In New Jersey in 2009 Chris Christie was elected governor promising to cut spending and taxes. And he did! When will such change occur in places like New York or California is hard to say. But in the meantime the population of such states will change as people move to where they’re not punished with high taxes and strangling regulations for the virtue of being productive. Hudgins is director of advocacy at The Atlas Society. For further reading: *Edward Hudgins, "Producers vs. Expropriators: America’s Coming Civil War?" April 13, 2010. *Edward Hudgins, "Protest of the Producers." September 20, 2009.
SPS partners with the Liberal Studies & Credentialing Department to offer a Post-Baccalaureate Teacher Credential Program on both our Rocklin and San Jose Campuses. This one year, one evening a week program quickly covers 37 units of teaching preparation courses, everything necessary to be recommended for a California Preliminary Multiple Subject Teaching Credential (K-8 education). It is designed for working adults and non-credentialed teachers to complete in 12 months and become eligible for teaching employment. Built around a cohort model, candidates in the program quickly bond and grow as they learn together. The cost and time to complete compares very favorably with other credential programs. For questions about the Rocklin Post-Baccalaureate Teacher Credential Program, contact Irene, email@example.com - 916.577.2282 For questions about the San Jose Post-Baccalaureate Teacher Credential Program, contact David, firstname.lastname@example.org - 408.278.4343 The program is approved by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing (CCTC).. - 1 Year to complete - 1 Evening per week - 2 Seven-week student teaching placements - 37 Unit program total 2012 Summer | Cohort Calendar (both campuses) 2012 Fall | Cohort Calendar (both campuses) 2013 Spring | Cohort Calendar (both campuses) 2013 Summer | Cohort Calendar (both campuses)
Photos and VideosMore Photos and Videos FILE - In this Monday, April 11, 2011 file photo, U.S. envoy Chris Stevens speaks to local media at the Tibesty Hotel where an African Union delegation was meeting with opposition leaders in Benghazi, Libya. Libyan officials say the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans have been killed in an attack on the U.S. consulate in the eastern city of Benghazi by protesters angry over a film that ridiculed Islam's Prophet Muhammad. The officials say Ambassador Chris Stevens was killed Tuesday night when he and a group of embassy employees went to the consulate to try to evacuate staff. The protesters were firing gunshots and rocket propelled grenades.(AP Photo/Ben Curtis, File) In the wake of the deaths of a U.S. ambassador and three other American foreign service workers in Libya, the governor has directed that flags be flown at half-staff and local officials are condemning the attacks. Ambassador Chris Stevens, 52, was killed when he and a group of embassy workers tried to evacuate staff under attack by a mob angered by an anti-Islam video reportedly made by an American. An information management officer named Sean Smith, a married father of two young children, was also killed. The names of the other victims have not been released. “Our prayers and deepest sympathies are with the families, friends and colleagues of Ambassador Stevens and the American personnel who were killed in this brutal attack,” Gov. Dannel Malloy said in a statement. “We know that the work to build nations and strengthen our global relationships is difficult and dangerous, and we are cognizant of just how many Americans undertake these efforts in embassies and consulates across the world. We stand with the President and the rest of the country in condemning the perpetrators of this attack.” Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman: “The attacks in Libya are a terrible reminder of the dangers that American personnel continue to face in some of the more troubled parts of the world,” said Lieutenant Governor Wyman. “Ambassador Stevens and the rest of the embassy staff served our country with honor and dignity. Our hearts go out to everyone who is grieving their loss today.” U.S. Rep. Rosa DeLauro “I am deeply saddened by the tragic deaths of our Ambassador to Libya, Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith, and two other Americans in the horrific attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi. My thoughts and prayers go out to their families during this difficult time,” U.S. Rep. Rosa DeLauro said in a statement. “I condemn those that committed this deplorable act of violence and support efforts to further ensure our diplomatic personnel in Libya, Egypt and around the world are protected.” She said the four Americans made the ultimate sacrifice while working to secure a better future for the Libyan people. “We owe them, as well as all Americans serving tirelessly around the world on behalf of our country, our deepest gratitude,” DeLauro said. U.S. Rep Jim Himes: “I am shocked and deeply saddened by the attack on our embassy in Libya, which took four innocent lives yesterday. We owe so much to our diplomats, who put their lives on the line every day in far corners of the Earth to represent America’s commitment to democracy, freedom, and cooperation abroad. Ambassador Stevens was instrumental in representing U.S. interests in Libya during tumultuous times, supporting the nation’s transition to democracy and adding a human touch to international relations. My heart goes out to the families of those we lost yesterday. And though I am outraged that representatives of our peaceful mission would be attacked and killed, I remain committed to seeing a Libya that embraces democracy and freedom for all its people. The best thing we can do to ensure those four diplomats did not die in vain is to continue their mission of promoting and embracing a democratic Libya. Though they are no longer with us, may they live on through a legacy of peace, freedom, and justice in North Africa. I will work hard to make sure that the terrorists are brought to justice and that Libya understands that we expect their full cooperation.” U.S. Rep. Chris Murphy U.S. Rep. Chris Murphy released a statement saying he condemns “in the strongest terms” the attack on American diplomats in Benghazi. “Ambassador Stevens, a former Peace Corps volunteer, was dedicated to helping the Libyan people build a better, more democratic future. Attacks on our diplomats cannot be tolerated and those responsible should immediately be brought to justice,” Murphy.
Borrowers of OH funds will be required to meet a number of due diligence and other requirements prior to closing on the OH loan. For specific requirements for each OH-funded project, please refer to the Reservation Letter and contact the OH project manager assigned to the project. On typical projects, OH will require borrowers to document before loan closing that the project has: - obtained NEPA Environmental Clearance (if project is federally funded) - obtained other financing sources acceptable to OH - obtained appropriate insurance for the project (see below) - received building permits - competitively selected contractor using an OH-approved process - signed a construction contract with a type and delivery method acceptable to OH - complied with the pre-construction procedural requirements of the Multifamily Rental Housing Program Residential Prevailing Wage Rate Policy - successfully incorporated Evergreen Sustainability Development Standards into design documents (see OH’s Evergreen Compliance Procedures) - satisfied recommendations noted in Project Evaluation Report - met all other funding conditions as specified in the Reservation Letter For detailed insurance requirements, contact the OH project manager assigned to the project. The Housing Levy A&F Plan requires that borrowers competitively select contractors. Competitive contractor selection requirements will be published in each NOFA.
NEWS from BoatUS Boat Owners Association of The United States 880 S. Pickett St., Alexandria, VA 22304 BoatUS Press Room at www.BoatUS.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Press Contact: D. Scott Croft, 703-461-2864, SCroft@BoatUS.com BoatUS Members Favor Mandatory Education In the wake of the US Coast Guard’s interest in federally-mandated boater education, Boat Owners Association of The United States recently conducted an online survey to gauge member opinion on this issue as well as to determine whether boaters should be required to carry a separate ID card/license for national security purposes. Based on the first 25,000 responding, 61% favored mandatory education for all boaters as long as an exam substitute was an option. An additional 9% were even more strongly in favor saying that no exam substitute should be allowed. The survey was sent to 325,000 of the Association’s 650,000 members for whom it has an e-mail address. “The bottom line is that BoatUS members believe that recreational boaters should complete some type of instruction, be tested and certified to ensure that they have the knowledge to properly operate a boat,” said BoatUS President Nancy Michelman. On the issue of being required to carry an ID card, while 75% had no problem with being asked to produce a state driver’s license or passport if requested by law enforcement, over half disagreed with being required to carry a separate boater ID card/license. “It is fair to say that boaters want to be treated no differently than any motorist or aircraft passenger required to produce a current photo ID,” noted Michelman. Survey results indicate that BoatUS members have a considerable amount of boating experience. Most have been boating for more than 20 years. 68% percent had taken a boating safety course taught in a classroom, 19% had taken a safety class on the water, 19% had taken a class at home and 19% had taken a course online. “Based on these results it is clear to us that we need a diversity of boating safety course formats,” said Michelman. BoatUS – Boat Owners Association of The United States – is the nation’s leading advocate for recreational boaters providing its 650,000 members with a wide array of consumer services including a group-rate marine insurance program that insures nearly a quarter million boats; the largest fleet of more than 500 towing assistance vessels; discounts on fuel, slips, and repairs at over 870 Cooperating Marinas; boat financing; and a subscription to BoatUS Magazine, the most widely read boating publication in the US. For membership information visit http://www.BoatUS.com or call 800-395-2628.
... to the website of Princeton’s Graduate Student Government (GSG)! Founded in 1989, the GSG’s mission is to advocate for the interests of graduate students at Princeton, to provide a forum for free and open discussion of matters affecting graduate students, and to provide financial and organizational support for social events that involve graduate students. The GSG is composed of an Executive Committee with six Officers and three Committee Chairs, and an Assembly of representatives from each graduate Department. To learn more about our organization, click the About tab. For useful information about Healthcare, Housing, Graduation, and more, click the Information tab. Interested in getting involved? Click the Getting Involved tab, email email@example.com, or attend any of our monthly Assembly meetings, which are held at 5:45 p.m. in Room 102 of Jadwin Hall on the second Wednesday of each month. To learn about GSG social events or to request GSG funding for your event, click the Events tab.
Those Exhilarating Roller Skates Joseph W. Wayne, Cincinnati, OH. Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates, circa 1879, Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates. To celebrate National Roller Skating Week, we are featuring trade literature advertising Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates. Patented on January 6, 1863 and June 26, 1866, Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates were advertised as "the only one upon which all the graceful movements and evolutions of Ice Skating can be executed with ease and precision on a Smooth Floor." Because Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates provided the rink customer with exercise that was "so exhilarating ... amusement so fascinating ... " rink owners could also be pleased with their investment in the skates. Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates were priced at $4 per pair when bought in groups of 25 pairs or more, and according to this trade literature, by charging a price for the rental of the skates at the rink, the cost of buying the skates "will generally be returned within the first month." Rink owners were more than satisfied with the use of Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates. A letter dated November 6, 1870 written by J. S. Elliot & Co. in Hopkinsville, Kentucky reads, "Our Rink is a complete success. Has succeeded beyond our expectations." On January 23, 1869, the Indianapolis Rink Association President, E. S. Alvord, writes, "We will state that at this place it has proved a success and a good pecuniary investment." He goes on to say, "The patrons of the Rink very generally prefer the Rollers to Ice Skating, and we have no doubt it will pay the stockholders a larger dividend, and give greater satisfaction to its patrons." Plimpton's Patent Roller Skates, trade literature by Joseph W. Wayne of Cincinnati, Ohio, is located in the Trade Literature Collection at the National Museum of American History Library. For more images of trade literature in the Libraries' collection, check out the Galaxy of Images. —Alexia MacClain
- You are here: - Blog home - › Terms Terms & Conditions The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) makes every effort to ensure that the information published on this website is accurate. However the FCO cannot accept any liability for the accuracy of information published by the author. Visitors who rely on this information do so at their own risk. Acceptable use of 'comments' Try to keep your comments short - we won't generally publish articles longer than 4-500 words, or we may ask you to summarise it. By submitting a comment to this site you agree to abide by the following rules. The FCO reserves the right not to publish comments that contravene any of these rules. - Personal identification Anonymous comments will not be accepted. All comments submitted to this site must include your name and a genuine email address or be done through your own social media presence, as per the sign-in mechanism. Do not use the sign-in of someone else’s social media presence. - Conduct and use of language Your comment should be within the scope of the topic under discussion. Comments should be civil and tasteful, and must not be malicious or designed to offend. Swear-words and profanity will not be accepted. No reference should be made to the personality of other participants nor should attacks be made on an individual's character. - Legal liability You should remember that you are legally responsible for what you write. By submitting a comment you undertake to indemnify the FCO against any liability arising from breach of confidentiality or copyright, or any obscene, defamatory, seditious, blasphemous or other actionable statement you may make. - Advertising, spamming and research No advertising or promotion is allowed except where it is for an event, publication or similar item that has direct relevance to the subject of discussion. Information about locating and sharing knowledge and expertise is welcomed, but within the specific discussion provided. - Propriety and moderation This is a Government website and comments used for party political purposes will be removed We encourage open, lively debate but the decision to retain comments received via this site remains at the FCO's discretion. Comments that violate any of the above rules will not be published. Copyright and neighbouring rights The material featured on this site is subject to Crown copyright protection unless otherwise indicated. The Crown copyright protected material (other than departmental logos) may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium for research, private study, web-based discussion, or for internal circulation within an organisation. This is subject to the material being reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context. Where any of the Crown copyright items on this site are being republished or copied to others, the source of the material must be identified and the copyright status acknowledged. The permission to reproduce Crown protected material does not extend to any material on this site which is identified as being the copyright of a third party. For further information on Crown copyright policy and licensing arrangements, see the guidance at www.opsi.gov.uk. The FCO makes every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for users to run an anti virus program on all material downloaded from the Internet. The FCO cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material from the FCO website. The FCO weblog site does not capture or store personal information from site visitors, other than to log the user's IP address and session information such as the duration of the visit to the site and the type of web browser used. Cookies are only used on the website if you choose to have your details remembered when posting a comment. Cookies are pieces of data that are often created when you visit a website and are stored in the cookie directory of your own computer. Cookies do not create a record on this website and the site does not contain any personal information about you. When submitting a comment to this weblog you may be required to enter an email address. The FCO respects your email privacy and will not store, displayed or share for any purpose. Be aware however that Disqus is a third party provider of the comment mechanic. Links to and from other websites The FCO is not responsible for the contents or reliability of the external websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. Links to external sites should not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability of the linked pages. The FCO encourages users to establish hypertext links to the site. You do not have to ask permission to link directly to pages hosted on the FCO website. However, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The FCO pages must load into the user's entire window.
The reason I'm looking around is that there's all these ways to distribute webcomics beyond the traditional web: - Printed books - Mobile web sites - PDFs, EPUBs and .mobi files for Kindles, iPads and other tablet\e-reader devices - iBooks interactive books - Mobile apps We have the first two covered. A lot of people have asked if we have a PDF or Kindle version of the first book coming out, and I've been considering the options. We need to be on e-ink Kindles and Nooks, so I need to tune a PDF to the Kindle display. I plan on doing this when mine finally arrives. We would sell the PDF download of Volume One on the store, along with a colour version for the Kindle Fire and iPad. The iBooks interactive books don't seem very compelling to me unless you write a webcomic specifically for the format. So we'll skip those. Finally, the idea of making an app is interesting to me personally, and might be a good way to either promote the comic or make a small amount of money. I don't know how to make one, but it looks like you can hire people to do it for a thousand dollars or so. Considering so many of our site visitors are on iOS, here's the idea: A Bittersweet Candy Bowl app for iPhone, iPod touch and iPad. If it wasn't free, it'd cost $2.99, $4.99 or $9.99. You'd download it because it offers: - Access to the full archives of the site in an optimised UI that's easy to browse around - Automatic tracking of archive binges, where it remembers your place, syncs between all iOS devices that use the app, and offers some cute stats - Push notifications when a new page goes up - A simple Candybooru viewer - Built-in exclusive wallpaper - A bonus one-off app-only chapter? (I dunno) Here's the mockup: Here's a pretty complete specification document I wrote for it. I don't know if this is compelling, though. Fundamentally, the app would be more of an optimised website viewer than it would be an ebook, and even though that means you get more than a Volume One PDF, I think the perceived value would be lower. So it might be worth giving it out for free, as the bullet list above might not be so compelling. However, I feel that the perceived value would be higher if the app included the pages and didn't stream them from the site. It'd mean the app would be about 400mb in size, but maybe people would pay $4.99 or $9.99 for it? Free app, $4.99 in-app purchase to download the pages into the cache? So I guess I'm interested in whether this seems like a compelling app or a useless frivolity, especially to those of you who are interested in a PDF version and would compare it to that. Again, if we did sell a PDF of Volume One, what should it cost? And if we did an app, how would it be priced?
The California Highway Patrol says two children are among the dead from the accident Saturday evening on Highway 50 near Placerville. The Sacramento Bee quotes the patrol as saying a westbound Toyota Prius veered into the path of a minivan and the vehicles collided head-on. Patrol Sgt. Gilbert Lee says a 4-year-old in the minivan and a child in the Prius died as did the Prius' driver and another adult in the car. Lee says four others in the minivan, including 1-year-old twins, survived as did a 10-year-old child in the Prius. The five were rushed to area hospitals, but there was no word on their conditions. No names were immediately available.
Last of three parts Most people think that if you drink and drive, and you wear the blue, you’ll lose your job and your career if you’re caught. The truth is more complex: Dallas takes a hard line, firing officers convicted of drunken driving. Other departments, such as Houston and Austin, offer last-chance mechanisms for first-time offenders to stay on the force. In addition, the state’s licensing board for law enforcement has a hearing process that over the last six years has allowed at least 30 officers who committed misdemeanor offenses, including alcohol-related crimes, to retain their peace officer licenses and continue working. But recent changes at the state level are likely to make it much more difficult for officers to keep their jobs when they are caught drinking and driving, or committing other misdemeanors. In December, the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement Officer Standards and Education, or TCLEOSE, revised its policy so that no officer can get full probation of a license suspension for a misdemeanor. Instead, such officers must lose their licenses for some period. Loss of a peace officer’s license for any period may mean an officer’s career ends. Departments find it difficult to leave a job open for someone who can’t carry a gun and a badge. “We’re trying to ensure that officers are held accountable for their actions and to live up to the responsibilities of our mission statement, where we ensure that the public is served by ethical and well-trained officers,” said Kim Vickers, the commission’s executive director. A second chance The city of Austin gives some officers accused of drunken driving a second chance if the incident didn’t involve an injury or serious property damage. Typically, the department suspends officers for 30 to 45 days. The department requires those officers to undergo an evaluation, get counseling and treatment and participate in a peer support program. “We’ve always tried to have a humanistic view, especially if nobody’s been hurt,” said Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo. “We invest a lot of time and money in our employees. … We can try to save them. But they’re not going to get a second bite at the apple.” Houston also offers officers a second chance, so long as certain criteria are met and the officers accept counseling. “The idea is at least for that offense … to try to figure out a way to get the officer some help,” said Executive Assistant Chief Michael Dirden, who oversees the department’s internal affairs division. Dirden said the state has tried to “enforce our way” out of the drinking and driving problem, “and it just hasn’t helped.” But TCLEOSE ultimately holds the power to decide whether a person remains a sworn peace officer. Faron Graeter defused bombs for a living for the Harris County Sheriff’s Department. After a 2005 drunken-driving arrest and subsequent conviction, he was fired. TCLEOSE could have suspended his license for 10 years. But through a little-used hearing process, Graeter kept his right to stay in law enforcement. He won his civil service appeal and could have gone back to work in Harris County but is now a full-time firefighter and reserve officer for a small southeast Texas community. “Everybody makes mistakes,” said Graeter. “A regular person isn’t automatically fired from their job. There has to be a middle ground.” Officers convicted of felonies automatically lose their peace officer licenses. But for Class A and B misdemeanors, including most DWIs, officers can go through the hearing process in an attempt to save their careers. Many simply surrender their licenses or allow them to lapse. A small number fight. Out of 70 cases since 2006 in which a hearing was sought through the State Office of Administrative Hearings, about 30 officers received full probation of their suspensions, meaning they never had a day when they couldn’t legally work as a peace officer. Administrative law judges conduct hearings and then make recommendations. Recently, TCLEOSE has become much more likely to bypass those recommendations and mete out harsher sanctions. Since 2006, about 15 officers convicted of DWI have succeeded in getting full probation of their suspensions. About five officers prosecuted for reckless driving or obstructing a passageway — typically alcohol-related offenses — received full probation of their suspensions. A few others convicted of DWI received “hard suspensions,” in which they lost their licenses for short periods, then were placed on probation for the remainder of their suspensions. Once on probation, an officer could return to work. Occasionally, officers have been able to bypass the hearing process and receive probation of suspensions after reaching an agreement with the commission’s executive director. None of those were for DWI convictions. Those agreements still must be approved by the state commission. None of the officers who received probation of their suspensions — for alcohol or other offenses — have reoffended, commission officials said. Dallas’ hard line Out of about 30 suspensions for which the commission granted full probation, more than half were for officers from Harris and surrounding counties. “These usually are good officers who are out there doing a good day’s work, putting people in jail and solving crimes,” said Robert Armbruster, a Houston Police Officers’ Union attorney who frequently represents Houston-area officers in hearings before the commission. Houston officers also represented about 40 percent of those who received full probation of suspensions on DWI convictions. “If you’re a lawyer, you don’t lose your license if you get a DWI,” Armbruster said. “If you’re a judge, you don’t lose your ability to be on the bench if you get a DWI. How about doctors, the people cutting you open? Those people don’t lose their license if they have a DWI.” Only a few North Texas officers received full probation of suspensions for any type of offense through the hearing process. Not one was a Dallas police officer, though one from the Dallas department got by with a reprimand on his license for an alcohol-related offense. Dallas takes a hard line. At least 21 Dallas officers have been fired since 2006 over alcohol-related incidents. About six others resigned. “The public expects us to be above reproach,” said Dallas Assistant Chief Floyd Simpson, who oversees the department’s administrative bureau. “How can you go out and enforce DWI laws when you got caught and convicted of basically the same thing?” But Glenn White, president of Dallas’ largest police association for almost two decades until he recently stepped aside, believes the city is losing good officers. “They need to come up with an alternative punishment,” White said. “They never capitalize on the people that realize they made a mistake.” The TCLEOSE policy revisions that just took effect don’t alter much for departments that typically have zero tolerance policies. But the changes might make the state license hearing process less advantageous for officers working in departments with a more forgiving outlook. In the past, when an officer received deferred adjudication probation for a Class A or B misdemeanor, his or her license could be suspended only for the period the officer was on probation. The new rules require that deferred adjudication probation be treated the same as a conviction, potentially forcing many more officers into the hearing process if they want to save their careers. Administrative law judges also will no longer be able to recommend full probation of a license suspension. For Class B misdemeanors, which include most alcohol-related offenses, officers must lose their licenses for at least 30 days. They are to lose their licenses for at least 120 days for Class A misdemeanors. Commission officials believe that the trend will be for the commission to frequently impose tougher sanctions than the judges recommend. Departments won’t be required to fire officers during the time a license is suspended, but they must remove them as sworn peace officers. Austin’s Acevedo said he probably would have to fire officers in such cases because he wouldn’t have the luxury of squirreling them away somewhere for months at a time. “Unfortunately, we don’t have positions we can put them in,” said Acevedo, adding that his department would have to review the implications of the new rules. “There’s a good chance they will get fired and have to reapply for reinstatement.” Houston officials said the new rules have no bearing on how they will proceed. “The chief of police will make an independent decision and issue appropriate discipline based on the facts of each case,” Dirden said in an email. “Any requirements or penalties imposed by the state will be separate and distinct from action taken by the department.” BY THE NUMBERS Alcohol-related arrests and peace-officer license suspensions and revocations in Texas, 2006-11: 439: DWI arrests of peace officers reported to the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement Officer Standards and Education. 111: Officers whose peace officer licenses were suspended after they were convicted of DWI. Most did not appeal and were suspended for a mandatory 10-year period. 25: Officers whose licenses were suspended after they were convicted or received deferred adjudication probation for obstructing a roadway or reckless driving, often alcohol-related offenses. 7: Officers whose licenses were revoked after they were convicted of felony alcohol-related offenses, such as intoxication assault and intoxication manslaughter. NOTE: Of the 439 officers arrested for DWI, some simply let their licenses lapse. Some surrendered their licenses in plea agreements. Some cases are still pending. The commission tracks surrenders but not the nature of the offenses that led to them. Some officers opt to go through a hearing process if they commit a misdemeanor offense: 70: Number who went through the hearing process. 41: Number of those whose cases were probably alcohol-related (mostly DWIs). 30: Number who received full probation of their suspensions, for offenses including DWI, assault and theft. (They never had a day in which they weren’t legally allowed to work as a peace officer.) 15: Number who received full probation of suspensions for DWI convictions. 5: Number who received suspensions of nine months or less for DWI convictions.
Image Gallery → Dialogue with the Spirit World Diviner's Bag (apo Ifa) Cloth, glass beads, leather Museum purchase, funds provided by the Caroline Julier and James G. Richardson Art Acquisition Fund 9 ¾ x 9 ¾ x 1 ½ in. (24.8 x 24.8 x 3.8 cm) with strap: 19 ¾ x 9 ¾ x 1 ½ in. (50.2 x 24.8 x 3.8 cm) Bags such as this would be used to carry a diviner's paraphernalia, such as palm nuts, diving chain and tapper. Beaded objects are generally the prerogative of royalty, and the importance of diviners as negotiators between the world of the living and the realm of the supernatural is underscored by their possession of beaded accoutrements. Certain colors and designs on beaded items reference Yoruba cosmology. The face is a symbol of the ancestors and recalls their sacred authority. The interlace pattern is a royal symbol that alludes to the role of Ifa. Triangles or zigzags reference the thunderbolts of the god Shango in red, and his wife Oya, in yellow. Blue and white are related to Orunmila, the god of wisdom, who is associated with divination.
- September 16, 2006. MapBuilder, RealEstate MapBuilder have been up upgraded to v2 Google Map API. If you see any problems related to map building process feel free to send us feedback. - September 16, 2006. Markers are draggable. Check them out! Mapping made easy! MapBuilder lets you tag locations on a map and publish it on your own site.
Concert: Paul Weller in Los Angeles At the Greek Theatre on Friday night, Paul Weller opened with the Style Council's soft-rocking 1984 hit "My Ever Changing Moods," his biggest ever in the U.S. that stunningly only made it to No. 29. Nearly two hours later, he closed with "The Changingman," the Traffic-like rocker from his third solo album, 1995's "Stanley Road." Perhaps no artist has more effectively summed up their career with the songs chosen to open and close a gig. Both tunes showcase the musical restlessness and adventurousness that has marked Weller's ever-changing musical output, which ranges from The Jam's three-chord, punk-era blasts to his latest experimental rock solo effort, "Sonik Kicks," and includes the Style Council's forays into R&B in between. Backed by a crack five-piece band, Weller gave his loyal following a taste of each era from the nearly 40-year career that's made him a national hero in England, but has left him a cult artist in the U.S. He placated the crowd by offering some Jam songs, first with "Running on the Spot," and later with "Carnation," "Just Who is the 5 O'Clock Hero," and "Start!" Yet every time he played a Jam classic, he upped the intensity by following it with one of his newer solo tracks, as if to prove that he's still making music as vital. Following "Running on the Spot" came "Wake Up the Nation," a rollicking clarion call in which Weller ripped at his guitar, pumped his fist and bopped his head, spitting out lines like, "get your face off Facebook and turn off the phone." "Start!," The Jam track famous for lifting The Beatles "Taxman" bass riff, went up against "Kling I Klang," a furious slice of punky reggae from "Sonik Kicks." Back when The Jam was flirting with U.S. success before Weller decided to pull the plug on the trio in 1982, they were often deemed "too English" to make it in America. The tag in some sense still applies to Weller, who acknowledged that his music doesn't always strike a chord in the U.S. when he introduced the Style Council's soul celebration "Shout to the Top," saying, "Here's one you might know," but adding it's tough to know what's popular in America. Yet even with the less than familiar material, he offered rewards. "Moon on Your Pyjamas," a song Weller said he wrote for his then five-year-old son, may not be as iconic as John Lennon's "Beautiful Boy," but it has similar sweetness and warmth. The subtle soul of "Above the Clouds," a track from his 1992 self-titled solo debut, sounded like a lost Marvin Gaye classic. By moving from electric to acoustic numbers, and even sitting down at the keyboard for several tunes, including the Style Council's "Long Hot Summer," Weller and company provided a nicely paced and varied set, with several high points. The Jam's epic "Strange Town" had the crowd shouting, "Break it up, break it up" in the song's anthemic climax, and the soul ballad "Broken Stones" had couples swaying in the aisles. At 54, Weller is remarkably fit and still in strong voice. With Joe Strummer and the Ramones gone, he stands as one of the few survivors from the punk class of '77 that's still making vital music with his integrity intact, resisting the urge for a cash-in reunion. Weller didn't draw a sell-out crowd, but most of the people treated Weller like a returning hero and even stayed after the final encore, hoping the he'd play one more. Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings opened with a rousing 45-minute set that recalled a James Brown revue or perhaps an Ike & Tina Turner set, sans Ike. My Ever Changing Moods (The Style Council) Running on the Spot (The Jam) Wake Up the Nation That Dangerous Age When Your Garden's Overgrown Just Who Is the 5 O'Clock Hero? (The Jam) The Cost of Loving (The Style Council) Carnation (The Jam) Foot of the Mountain Long Hot Summer (The Style Council) You Do Something to Me Moon on Your Pyjamas Above the Clouds Start! (The Jam) Kling I Klang Shout to the Top! (The Style Council) Strange Town (The Jam) Up the Dosage Around the Lake
|1.||Big Bear Lake| The only good part of the 909. Great place to snowboard, ski, or just go out on the lake. Some parts can be kinda touristy though. My family owned a cabin in Big Bear Lake when I was growing up. We would drive there from San Diego for the weekend every couple of months.
Information contained on this page is provided by companies via press release distributed through PR Newswire, an independent third-party content provider. PR Newswire, WorldNow and this Station make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. NEW YORK, March 7, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- ASIMS, a leader in comprehensive network monitoring and management solutions for converged telecommunications and IT infrastructures, announced an expansion of services offered under its Avatar Solutions Platform Suite. Avatar now incorporates the benefits of cloud-based, end-to-end communications and network intelligence tools for critical business applications continuity and UC Management, and real-time fraud prevention and detection near fraud prevention and detection capabilities. Avatar, ASIMS' flagship service, is already revolutionizing Network Operation Centers with intelligent NextGEN performance indicators for SIP-based calls and customer trunks, and aggregated information with drilldown details to help detect issues before they become alerts. Avatar automatically correlates IP network sessions, content and topology data in real time, enabling IT managers to anticipate, isolate and remediate SIP and other signaling protocol network problems. ASIMS, an Atlas Communications Technology (ACT) and Smart IMS joint venture company, is benefiting from the strategic alliances ACT has made with vendors like NetSocket and Acme Packet to enhance its offerings, and to provide enterprises of all sizes with unparalleled and comprehensive insight into their unified communications issues, allowing more expedient issue resolution. "Our largest Tier 1 banking clients use Avatar to proactively monitor and manage all SIP-based applications, and this portfolio expansion only bolster's its position as the premier service in the industry," says Nagesh Gouravaram, COO of Smart IMS. "Our global enterprise clients experience measurable reductions in cost, mitigations of risk and powerful economies of speed, scalability and intelligence whenever we deploy Avatar." "As financial markets adopt more UC services," said Richard Giacchi, ASIMS' General Manager, "challenges continue to multiply at an exponential rate. ASIMS is not only meeting these challenges head on, but anticipating client needs as they migrate towards IP." Mr. Giacchi stated that partnerships with companies like NetSocket, a leading innovator of network service assurance solutions, enables ASIMS to deliver cloud-based unified communications solutions geared at managing the end-user experience in different types of environments, and to offer complete visibility with the NetSocket Cloud Experience Manager (CEM) features. With NetSocket CEM, Avatar can monitor the end-to-end UC customer experience with comprehensive information, making it possible to find the "needle in the haystack" in a matter of clicks, rather than hours or days, saving time and money. Further reducing total cost, NetSocket allows deployments without probes reducing expense at each endpoint, and significantly reducing resolution time. "Organizations seek practical strategies to reduce operations and maintenance burdens," said Indrajit "IG" Ghosh, ACT's CTO. "Avatar lowers total cost of ownership while creating a superior user experience and ensures voice quality service levels necessary to support businesses. NetSocket is an example of how we incorporate the best of breed into our solutions roadmap." Likewise, ASIMS' longstanding partnership with Acme Packet enhances Avatar with fraud prevention and detection abilities. The partnership brings a self-learning, scalable solution that detects and prevents toll fraud across all calls in a VoIP network through end-to-end correlated, network-wide application layer that performs real-time analysis of user behavior and correlates it with each end user's typical behavioral pattern, alerting when behavior becomes irregular. With this portfolio expansion, ASIMS has rounded out its service offerings under its Avatar to deliver the very best in managed services to its clients, responding to their current requirements, and proactively anticipating their needs going forward. ASIMS is a leader in the design, build, and provisioning of managed services for advanced low-latency communications networks. ASIMS focuses on high-availability network solutions for VoIP telecommunications utilizing SIP Core Fabric in the financial and enterprise communities. ASIMS is an Atlas Communications Technology and Smart IMS joint venture company based in Plainsboro, New Jersey. For more information, visit www.ASIMS.com. NetSocket is a leading innovator of network service assurance solutions, providing a trouble-free unified communications experience in enterprise and service provider environments. Its Cloud Experience Manager (CEM) provides comprehensive insight into network issues reducing problem resolution times, and complete network information correlation. Deliver higher quality unified communications to your users with NetSocket. NetSocket, because network correlation matters! For more information, visit www.NetSocket.com. About Smart IMS, LLC Smart IMS is a Plainsboro, New Jersey-based technology services firm that has been serving clients, including Fortune 500 enterprises in the financial, healthcare, and retail sectors, for over 16 years. The company offers complete remote infrastructure management, monitoring, engineering services along with niche professional services and application development solutions. Smart IMS is a GSA Schedule-70 supplier for federal, state and local Government contracts and is one of INC500|5000's fastest growing privately held companies. For more information, please visit www.SmartIMS.com. About Atlas Communications Technology, Inc. Atlas Communications Technology prides itself on delivering real-time, intelligent, next generation services to the Banking and Brokerage industry for over 15 years. Atlas specializes in SIP and unified communications in the Trading, Contact Center and Enterprise Communications space for banking and brokerage institutions. Atlas' comprehensive understanding of the intricacies and challenges of SIP and IP protocols, allows Atlas to align our client's business objectives and to architect, design, build, integrate and support SIP enabled ecosystems that leverage best-of-breed technologies. For more information, please visit www.AtlasCommInc.com. ©2012 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.
“I left in 1999 and went illegally first to Mexico and then to the US. I was in the closet when I left and the economic situation was bad. I was begging for food in Mexico. Eventually I ended up in Dallas, homeless and living in the Salvation Army’s shelter. Then I met another transsexual. She helped me get some work selling myself on the corner. Then I began going to nightclubs and picking up men and going to their apartment to have sex with them for money. I saw everyone else with cars and TVs, I wanted that and pretty soon I had it. “Then I met a Mexican guy in a bar and we got an apartment together and he became my boyfriend. He had a wife and kids he was supporting in Mexico too. He sold cocaine. He started giving me $20 packages of coke to sell. One night, these undercover police came into the bar where I was working and asked me to get them some cocaine. I got them a little. Then they came back the next week and asked for an ounce. So I called my boyfriend and next thing you know, I’ve been busted for delivery of a controlled substance even though I only made a phone call. I spent two and a half years in jail. I took every class you can do, learnt English. I had a German boyfriend. “When I got released, I couldn’t believe it when they sent me back to Honduras. My family didn’t want to know me. They don’t accept my sexuality. I got a job selling beauty products but it didn’t earn much. No one else will give a transsexual a job. So I’m back on the streets again. I earn $5 for a blow job, $10 for sex in a car and $20 for going to a motel. I always tell customers I’m a transsexual, otherwise they might get violent. It’s very homophobic here, so it’s dangerous. I’m saving up for my sex change operation. I’ve spoke to a surgeon and he’ll do it for $3,500. He’s never done it before; no one in Honduras has. I’d be the first. It costs about $15,000 in the US. I’ll probably go back there to work as a prostitute and then come back here to get my surgery. I think about it every day. It’s all I want from life."
Well, Trading Day has come and gone, and as the teams with their new presents find out just whether or not they’ll have months of enjoyment with them, we’re left to ponder…”does it matter?” We’re not so much interested in whether specific trades matter for our purposes this morning (we’re not yet in the mood for that kind of detailed research at the moment), but it doesn’t take much to figure out whether Stanley Cup finalists achieve that level of result on the basis of having done well or poorly after the trading deadline. We took a look at Stanley Cup finalists going back to 1981 – 27 seasons and 54 teams worth of information – to answer the question, “how well did these teams do leading to the finals?” In other words, can a team that finishes poorly in the regular season stand a chance of making the final? Or, does a team have to end the regular season with a strong finishing kick to have a shot at Stanley Cup finals glory? The trading deadline provides a convenient starting point, since it is after this point that teams have the rosters they will carry forward into the playoff run. Here are the results (records are for games after Trading Day; those played on the day of the trading deadline are not included) … Here are some of the things that struck us about this history of records after the trading deadline: - The results are consistent by conference. Western finalists have a total of 22 over-.500 records in 27 seasons; Eastern finalists have 23 such records. - You don’t necessarily need to have the better record than your finals opponent to win – 14 times in 27 the team with the better record won. But you can’t have been limping into the playoffs, either. Only once has a team that finished in the post-trading deadline period with a record as many as three games under .500 won the Cup (Montreal – 4-7-1 – in 1986). - The 27-season window is really two windows. Prior to the lockout, teams generally had a dozen or so games to get their acts together for the playoffs. Since the lockout, teams have had 20 or so games to sort things out. It shows. Although the events are small in number, all six teams reaching the finals have had a better-than-.500 record, and four of them (the last four finalists) have won an outright majority of the games they’ve played from the deadline to the end of the season). - As for those last four finalists, they’ve been dominating down the stretch, defined as winning more than twice as many games as they have losses in regulation time. Three of the four have achieved that results, and the other – the Penguins last year – still managed to win 11 of 17 games. That’s a small set, but comparing it to the pre-lockout period, it was done 16 times among 48 finalists. Let’s get to the happy ending. More times than not – many more times, in fact – the road to the finals can’t be littered with potholes. If you’re not doing well going into the playoffs, chances are you’re not going to last long. So far, the Caps are 0-2-0.
We all love the look of consumer devices like iPads and Android smartphones. They’re great for Facebook and Angry Birds but are they the devices you want to give to your mobile workforce? PTS hosted an educational web event sponsored by Motorola to address these questions. This video is a recording of this event. IN it we learn: • The meaning of ruggedness. • The manufacturers intended use of consumer level devices. • Cost comparison- real vs. perceived costs. • Real stories & experiences with non-rugged devices in the field. Duration : 0:26:27
Keep your canine looking and smelling kissable with this dog-grooming guideBy Woman's Day Staff Dirty paws? Stinky coat? Gear up your grooming supplies and turn on the faucet-it's time for a good canine cleaning. Here, six steps to a stress-free suds session. Photo by Getty Images Related: Learn about 15 clever uses for household items. 1. Lightly brush out your dog's coat before a bath. This loosens debris and removes surface tangles, allowing bathtime suds to be more effective. 2. Place a mat or towel in the tub. An uneasy dog is more likely to bolt during a bath, and this will help give her sure footing. If she smells bad, try one with rosemary, peppermint, lavender or lemongrass-all natural deodorizers that fight odor-causing bacteria. If she is itchy, look for one made with colloidal oatmeal, and without sulfates (which can be harsh on skin). Related: Discover 6 all-natural beauty fixes. 4. Use a mitt. Slip on a textured mitt, like the Rinse Ace Shampoo Mitt ($8.50; Amazon.com), while shampooing to help gather Read More »from 6 Simple Steps to Washing Your Dog
Beaches of South Waltonís world-class accommodations become more varied and plentiful this year. Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort is adding 209 units in The Village of Baytowne Wharf with the openings of Lasata and Bahia. These new accommodations are only steps from the gardens, pools and conference facilities that make The Village so unique. Lasata, which opened in July 2004, features a Southern Plantation-inspired design throughout its 97, one-, two-, and three-bedroom suites. Projected to open in Spring 2005, Bahia, meaning ďbayĒ in Spanish, is named for its sprawling bay-front location. Featuring a contemporary, South Beach-inspired design, Bahia is described as ďSandestinís answer to the boutique hotel.Ē It offers 112 one-, two- and three-bedroom suites. Bahia also boasts three bay-front penthouses with stunning views of the Choctawhatchee Bay and expansive bay-front balconies. On Scenic Highway 30-A in Rosemary Beach, Hotel Saba is taking shape. The new luxury inn includes 58 guestrooms, a restaurant and bar, conference center and underground parking. Located in the heart of the growing Town Centre, Hotel Saba is expected to open summer 2005. In Miramar Beach, Hampton Inn and Suites will serve leisure and business travelers. Slated in open in summer 2005, the 75-room property includes guestrooms and suites. Two Marriott-branded hotels are also in the pipeline for one of Sandestinís off-resort locations. A Residence Inn by Marriott and Courtyard by Marriott are scheduled to open in the fall of 2005. Offering more than 300 rooms to the resortís room inventory, the hotels are located at Sandestinís Grand Boulevard, a 520-acre planned shopping, office and entertainment area located at the resortís entrance. The idyllic community of WaterSound is developing rapidly in Seagrove Beach, offering new options for private residences and rental properties. An Arvida development, WaterSound is comprised of 256 acres of magnificent landscaping along the Gulf of Mexico. WaterSound is master planned to include 499 residences as well as a village center, landscaped parks and recreational buildings.
Welcome to our list of the Top 100 Hypnosis MP3 Downloads list Straight from our logs come to you the absolute top favorites that people are downloading right now. Simply click any link below to start the download. If you can’t find what you’re looking for you can always find it with our Search Box. So go ahead and give it a try. Simply type in any keyword then click the search button. Having trouble? Need any assistance? Still can’t find what you’re looking for? Simply fill in the form below to contact us. Contact Hypnosis Files .com For Any Questions or Comments About Any Hypnosis MP3 or Script. By Email: You can contact us by simply completing the form below and hitting the "Submit" button. An email will be sent to our staff who will promptly respond to your inquiry: Powered by Fast Secure Contact Form
Techster Signee Claims Miss Basketball April 2, 2012 by Kelly Morris, Shreveport Times BENTON -- When the Benton girls basketball team arrived in Lake Charles for its Class 4A state semifinal game against St. Thomas More, Lulu Perry felt different. "I felt like a celebrity," the 5-foot-6 point guard recalled. "We've never been on that really big of a stage. We were in a top spot -- Top 4. There was no time to be nervous. It felt good." That's how Perry described a lot of her season this year. Perry, who carried her team to the semifinals for the first time since 1997, averaged 27.7 points per game and saw that average grow to 29.1 by the end of the year. She graduated with 3,563 career points, shattering a 10-year-old Caddo-Bossier scoring record. All of it helped her to be selected the Louisiana Sports Writers Association's Farm Bureau/Miss Basketball award. To read entire story, Click Here
Sep. 26, 2012 Early, intensive therapy with a biotechnologically produced medication can provide significantly faster pain relief for patients with rheumatic joint inflammation. Damage to joints can also be reduced when the medication is applied right at the beginning of the illness. A nationwide study sponsored by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research and conducted by Prof. Gerd-Rüdiger Burmester, director of the Medical Department, Division of Rheumatology and Clinical Immunology at Charité -- Universitätsmedizin Berlin, came to this conclusion. Findings are published in the Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases. In the study, the standard preparation of methotrexate was tested in comparison with a combined therapy of methotrexate and the biological agent (or biologic) adalimumab in treating rheumatoid arthritis. Biologics are a particular group of medication produced from living cells using methods of molecular biology. The medication exclusively targets particular messenger substances in the immune system. It clings to the body's inflammatory substances and renders them harmless. Pain, swelling and the progress of inflammation are thus prevented. The medication tested by Prof. Burmester's work group is called adalimumab and was approved ten years ago. It is one of the most frequently prescribed biologics worldwide. It is prescribed when standard therapies are inadequate or when side effects develop. The Charité study examined how the medication affects patients with rheumatoid joint inflammation when the therapy is started immediately following diagnosis and not only when other therapies do not take effect. Study participants had rheumatoid arthritis in the early stages, however, were considerably limited in their daily activities as a result of the symptoms. Half of the patients were given the combination therapy for six months and the other half serving as the comparison group was given the standard medication and a placebo. All test participants were then given methotrexate for another six months. Though both groups had comparable symptoms at the end of study, the group that was given the biologic experienced significantly faster pain relief. Furthermore, x-rays showed less bone damage in those patients compared to the placebo group. Prof. Burmester is confident: "We were able to show that early, intensive therapy with this biologic helps patients maintain their quality of life and prevent bone damage." Other social bookmarking and sharing tools: Note: Materials may be edited for content and length. For further information, please contact the source cited above. - J. Detert, H. Bastian, J. Listing, A. Weiss, S. Wassenberg, A. Liebhaber, K. Rockwitz, R. Alten, K. Kruger, R. Rau, C. Simon, E. Gremmelsbacher, T. Braun, B. Marsmann, V. Hohne-Zimmer, K. Egerer, F. Buttgereit, G.-R. Burmester. Induction therapy with adalimumab plus methotrexate for 24 weeks followed by methotrexate monotherapy up to week 48 versus methotrexate therapy alone for DMARD-naive patients with early rheumatoid arthritis: HIT HARD, an investigator-initiated study. Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases, 2012; DOI: 10.1136/annrheumdis-2012-201612 Note: If no author is given, the source is cited instead.
Page 2 May 2010 George C. Moreno is a flow skater for éS that Scuba has hooked up for a bit. Check out his interview on the Transworld Skateboarding website and the video is below. Rattray plays a classic role of a news anchor in this classic trailer for EA Skate 3 Releasing next month. Just some warm-ups for you....wait...what? Matt Price, Ben Raemers and friends took a trip to the beach recently and I made a edit about the trip! Party time! Cliché set up a Tumbler page for their blog recently and it's filled with a lot of awesome things from the past and present. We just ran across this buttery image of éS pro, Cale Nuske from a 2001. Check out the steez on that frontside feeble grind.
ShadowTiger, I do this professionally. Here's my advice, in two parts. First is Best Results, because you want to sell your product and marketing is the way to get you there. Second is Do-It-Yourself. First: For best results, hire a consultant to do it for you. Doesn't have to be expensive, and if they are worth their salt they will at least do the following (although some of the stuff is very easy to do yourself): - Make it look decently awesome. It's for a game, so it needs to look AWESOME. - Make it SEO friendly, so people can find it quick in search engines. The consultant should also do a basic keyword analysis for you to help rank better. - Make it Socially Connected - The consultant should also help set up Facebook pages, a Twitter account, and others depending on where your likely customers are. - Make it with a Content Management System (CMS) that YOU can use. Most importantly the consultant should provide you with a reasonable walkthrough of any customizations he/she may have made, as well as walk you through the basic workflow of the CMS. - Connect it with Multimedia - Link the CMS with Flickr and YouTube accounts to get your game demos & screenshots more accessible to your users, and most importantly so you don't have to host those types of files yourself. YouTube and Flickr obviously have sophisticated content delivery networks that will make your content accessible worldwide very quickly - at no charge. - Host it cheap. The website is a brochure, not the game itself, so your traffic is likely to be low. Unless it really is that awesome The Do-It-Yourself approach: First you'll need to find a host. Don't host it yourself - that's too many extra things to have to learn to set up / maintain. You can find decent hosts for as little as $6 / month that will handle everything you need. Make sure the host supports PHP and MySQL, as you will need those for your CMS. Some recommended hosts are: MediaTemple, BlueHost... anyone else feel free to chime in. I personally use and prefer MediaTemple but there's plenty out there that works fine. Absolutely use a Content Management System (CMS). My recommendations are either WordPress or Drupal. Both are excellent and equally extensible. I would recommend trying WordPress first because its management interface is a bit more intuitive, especially for new users. Installing the CMS is fairly simple - many web hosts have a "one-click" install that makes it really easy. Once the CMS is installed, try it out - learn the ropes and things you can do. Then start looking at theming and plugins. You will need plugins for things like Google Analytics, Social Buttons (Facebook Like, Share, etc.), and some video / image support such as YouTube and Flickr. The key with Themes is finding the template you'd like to start with (that you think looks closest to what you want the final site or at least layout to be), and then customize it from there. Wordpress offers the ability to modify your theme files (HTML, CSS, and PHP) directly from the admin side. Wordpress also has a fantastic guide with easy-to-understand documentation and API. Drupal likewise makes theming easy, but takes a slightly different approach with the installation etc. Either way, the DIY approach I suggest should hopefully minimize - even potentially eliminate - any coding you might need to do, assuming you find the 'perfect' theme. Hope this helps. P.S. By the way, BlackStar & Morphine - Django is a framework, not a CMS. Django is to Python as Rails is to Ruby. CakePHP is a framework too, written on PHP. You could easily build a CMS on Django, much easier than writing one yourself in Python.
Rachel Weisz and Jude Law star in Fernando Meirelles’s dramatic thriller that weaves together multiple stories, linking characters from different cities and countries in a vivid, suspenseful, and deeply moving tale of love in the twenty-first century. R for sexuality, nudity, and language; 110 minutes The Magnolia at the Modern is an ongoing series featuring critically acclaimed films. Tickets are $8.50, $6.50 for Modern members. The Sunday noon show is half price. Advance sales begin two hours prior to the show.
EA GAMES’ GoldenEye: Rogue Agent has gone gold for the PlayStation2, Xbox, and GameCube and is scheduled for release November 22, 2004. Games of 2013 Top Games of 2012 Mythic Entertainment today announced that Dark Age of Camelot: Catacombs has gone gold. This latest expansion to Dark Age of Camelot, Catacombs elevates player model graphics into a leadership role in the MMORPG market with stunning detail and the ability for players to customize their characte's appearance. In addition, Private Adventuring areas challenge players to solo or group quest through unique and challenging dungeons. Players can now also choose to play five new player classes and experience the game from a new perspective. Atari has released the European version of the RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 beta patch. This beta patch adds some new features and addresses a slew of instability issues, bug fixes and various other game tweaks. Read more for download links and detailed fix list .... Massive Ent has finally released the downloadable version of the first patch for its 3D RTS 'Ground Control II: Operation Exodus.' This update brings your retail game to v22.214.171.124. and adds new interface and chat options, server auto-kick functionality, balance tweaks, the usual bug & crash fixes, etc. Read more for detailed fix list and download links... Monte Cristo Games and Focus are working on a sequel to last year's strategy game Fire Department (known in the US as Emergency Fire Response). Fire Department 2 will feature a lot of improvements and new features such as multiplayer capabilities, better AI, control over a larger amount of units, improved graphics, five campaigns, and, of course, more realism. Read more for some new screens ... Got Game Entertainment LLC and co-publisher Merscom LLC today announced that "Konung 2" has gone gold. The unique fantasy role-playing game with real-time strategy and adventure elements is set in a mystical world of magic and legend, alive with tribes of wild Slavic hunters, noble traders of the Byzantine Empire, and fearless Viking warriors. Vivendi has released the first patch for Elixir Studios' strategy game Evil Genius. This update brings your retail game to v1.01 and addresses a slew of game crashes, bugs, AI tweaks and inferace changes. This patch is for the U.S. edition of the game only. Read more for detailed fix list and download links ... Developed by Ubisoft's award-winning Red Storm studio, Ghost Recon 2 launches on next-generation consoles and PC this Holiday season. The game is set in the chaotic battlefields of tomorrow, and will offer gamers an insider's view of the way large scale conflicts will be fought in the near future. In Oddworld Stranger's Wrath, players step into the role of the Stranger, a rough and tumble bounty hunter who tracks down outlaws for moolah. Using a special weapons system that gives a whole new meaning to "live" ammo, players will encounter deviant species and hostile challenges along the way. Oddworld Stranger's Wrath combines first and third-person gameplay with familiar Oddworld elements and an all-new engine to deliver a unique gameplay experience. Oddworld Stranger's Wrath will be shipping Jan. 25 for the Xbox. “Unreal Championship 2: The Liandri Conflict” brings the “Unreal Championship” franchise to Xbox and Xbox Live with bold enhancements to single and multiplayer gameplay including all new super-agile player acrobatics, third-person camera mode, vehicles and intense melee abilities. “Unreal Championship” fans can play as any one of 14 characters from the “Unreal” Universe, each with spectacular new Adrenaline powers that enable new offensive and defensive combos. Limitless Horizons Entertainment LLC today announced that its eagerly awaited massively multiplayer online role-playing game Mourning will be launching in the United States on February 25, 2005 with subsequent launches occurring in Europe and Canada at a later date. Capcom's quirkiest action superhero once again takes center stage in this engaging action brawler that has new moves, a playable heroine, and inventive character designs with gameplay that perpetuates more punch and style than its predecessor. Viewtiful Joe 2 is set to unleash it's viewtifulness onto the real world this winter. Merscom LLC today announced "Terrorist Takedown" for PC has shipped to retail across North America. Many mark this month as the 25th anniversary of the War on Terror as it was on November 4, 1979 when 66 Americans were taken hostage at the U.S. Embassy in Iran. Prince of Persia: Warrior Within features a deep, mysterious storyline starring a darker, edgier Prince who is vigilant in his quest to unseal his mortal destiny. Read more for new screens & trailer ... Funcom announces Morten Byom as new Game Director for Anarchy Online. Morten Byom is a long-time member of the Anarchy Online development team, and has proven his exemplary abilities for years. One of the highlights of his previous achievements can be found in the mesmerizing world of Shadowlands, where he worked as Lead World Designer. Shadowlands won over 20 awards. Black Hammer Game has announced that it terminated its relationship with Strategy First Inc. in July 2004. Consequently Strategy First will no longer be publishing its upcoming PC turn-based strategy title “Supremacy: Four Paths To Power”. Strategy First is no longer authorized to represent Black Hammer Game, Inc. The latest Settlers game takes the franchise and pushes it to the next level. Fans will enjoy fully animated 3D technology and enhanced gameplay features, but still be able to relive the experience that makes the Settlers series such a big hit. The game will take the player to a medieval setting, to re-conquer the kingdom currently under the domination of an evil tyrant. Codemasters today confirmed its support for the PSP by announcing that its bringing Colin McRae Rally and TOCA Race Driver, two of the most successful motorsport properties in video gaming, to Sony's handheld. Codemasters' renowned racing physics, car handling and gripping gameplay is expected to be released for the PSP in spring 2005. Read more for details and the first screens ... More than two years after seeing a Japan release, Namco finally brings Klonoa 2: Dream Champ Tournament to GBAs across North America, bringing its distinct brand of complex puzzles and racing minigames. Expected in February 2005, check the first screens... SEGA today released new information about its highly stylized launch title for the Nintendo DS System. Developed by SONICTEAM, Feel the Magic: XY/XX (also known as Kimi no Tame Nara Shineru in Japan; formerly known as Project Rub in North America) is a quirky, action-packed adventure that offers an innovative experience through new methods of play. Near Death Studios is proud to announce the latest update on their client software and the recent release of Meridian 59: Evolution. This update includes a new hardware-accelerated 3D graphics engine featuring a high resolution display, texture filtering, dynamic colored lighting, and many new special effects. Rich in legend and filled with adventure, the World of Warcraft awaits! For the first time, players experience the lands of Azeroth from a new, in-depth perspective. As heroes, they explore familiar battlefields, discover new lands and take on epic quests and challenges in Blizzards massively multiplayer, on-line, role-playing game. A few months after our initial preview, an update was way overdue, so here it is ... by Judy on Nov. 11, 2004 @ 1:17 a.m. PST | Filed under Interviews Prince of Persia: Warrior Within features a deep, mysterious storyline starring a darker, edgier Prince who is vigilant in his quest to unseal his mortal destiny. Ubisoft sends us an in-house Q&A with the people behind the Prince of Persia: Warrior Within story, a rather secretive bunch of guys going by the name of "sekretagent." by Geson Hatchett on Nov. 11, 2004 @ 12:57 a.m. PST | Filed under Reviews TY the Tasmanian Tiger 2 picks up where the original popular action platform game left off. The cast of characters from Down Under has grown, and so has the action! Evil Boss Cass has broken out of Currawong Jail and hatched a plan to take over the world with an army of Uber Reptiles. It's up to our boomerang-wielding hero, TY, and his newly formed team of Burramudgee Bush Rescue mates to stop him! by Gordy Wheeler on Nov. 11, 2004 @ 12:56 a.m. PST | Filed under Reviews In 1904, Curtis Hewitt, an adventurous photographer, becomes caught in a vortex that brings him to the heart of the lost city of Atlantis. A stranger in a land of high-end technology and archaic faith, Curtis begins an extraordinary adventure, assisting with the Atlantians' plight for survival as they overthrow their gods. Atlantis Evolution is the first episode of a new Atlantis series, following the original, world-renowned series.
- 1 cup sugar - 1 stick margarine or butter - 2 egg yolks (reserving whites) and 1 egg - 2 cups flour - 2 teaspoons baking powder - 1 teaspoon vanilla - 1 cup brown sugar - 1 small bottle maraschino cherries, chopped - 1 cup pecans, chopped Cream together sugar and margarine. Add egg yolks and 1 whole egg. Sift together and add flour and baking powder. Add vanilla. Grease 10-by-15-inch cookie sheet or bread pan. Pat stiff dough on baking sheet. Beat egg whites. Add brown sugar (with any lumps crushed). Spread over uncooked dough. Next, sprinkle the cherries and pecans on top. Bake for 25 minutes at 325 degrees. Cut in squares when cool. Store in air tight container, with wax paper between layers. Freezes well.
How can JPhotoTagger present the GUI in a different language? The default language of JPhotoTagger is German. During startup JPhotoTagger searches for the language used by the operating system and takes it, if that language is supported. The supported languages are listed on the Homepage, section Languages. In September 2011 that are English and German. If you speak German or English and have time, you can support JPhotoTagger: The language strings are stored in text files separated from the program code. You can add another language to JPhotoTagger, see "Translate JPhotoTagger into another language". If the operating system is set up with an unsupported language, JPhotoTagger uses it's default: German. But you can start JPhotoTagger in any supported language, e.g. if you don't speak German but another supported language that is not your native. Go to the installation directory – the directory with the file and invoke JPhotoTagger from the command line with: java -Xms30m -Xmx750m -Duser.language=en -jar JPhotoTagger.jar The important part is -Duser.language=en, the en means: Use English. Supported language shortcuts (ISO language codes): You can write a batch file (script) with that line and start JPhotoTagger via that batch file. Under Windows you may prefer (does not display a separate command window): start javaw -Xms30m -Xmx750m -Duser.language=en -jar JPhotoTagger.jar Status of this document: 2011-09-26
Welcome to Republic City! Home to one of the most exciting sports in history, pro-bending! I know what you’re thinking, and it’s true… there isn’t actually a pro-bending team called the Sky Bison. Not YET anyway! You have to admit though, Appa would make a pretty epic mascot! Choose your team with this original design by Kari Fry, or pick up the Pro-Bender Bundle and get the "Fire Ferrets" shirt as well at a special discounted price! - Mens (Air Nomad Sky) $12.99 - Ladies (Water Tribe Blue) $13.99 Ships within 1-4 business days |Tell all of Republic City!| You might also like:
Hawai'i Space Grant College, Hawai'i Institute of Geophysics and Planetology, University of Hawai'i, 1996 To determine the factors affecting the appearance of impact craters The circular features so obvious on the Moon's surface are impact craters formed when impactors smashed into the surface. The explosion and excavation of materials at the impacted site created piles of rock (called ejecta) around the circular hole as well as bright streaks of target material (called rays) thrown for great Two basic methods that form craters in nature are: 1) impact of a projectile on the surface and 2) collapse of the top of a volcano creating a crater termed caldera. By studying all types of craters on Earth and by creating impact craters in experimental laboratories, geologists concluded that the Moon's craters are impact in origin. The factors affecting the appearance of impact craters and ejecta are the size and velocity of the impactor, and the geology of the target By recording the number, size, and extent of erosion of craters, lunar geologists can determine the ages of different surface units on the Moon and can piece together the geologic history. This technique works because older surfaces are exposed to impacting meteorites for a longer period of time than are younger surfaces. Impact craters are not unique to the Moon. They are found on all the terrestrial planets and on many moons of the outer planets. On Earth, impact craters are not as easily recognized because of weathering and erosion. Famous impact craters on Earth are Meteor Crater in Arizona, U.S.A.; Manicouagan in Quebec, Canada; Sudbury in Ontario, Canada; Ries Crater in Germany, and Chicxulub on the Yucatan coast in Mexico. Chicxulub is considered by most scientists as the source crater of the catastrophe that led to the extinction of the dinosaurs at the end of the Cretaceous period. An interesting fact about the Chicxulub crater is that you cannot see it. Its circular structure is nearly a kilometer below the surface and was originally identified from magnetic and gravity data. Lunar Impact Crater Typical characteristics of a lunar impact crater are labeled on this photograph of Aristarchus, 42 im in diameter, located West of Mare bowl shaped or flat, characteristically below surrounding ground level unless filled in with lava. blandet of mateial surrounding the crater that was exzcavated during the impact event. Ejecta becomes thinner away from the crater. rock thrown out of the crater and deposited as a ring-shaped pile of debris at the crater's edge during the explosion and excavation of an characteristically steep and may have giant stairs called terraces. bright streaks starting from a crater and extending away for great distances. See Copernicus crater for another example. mountains formed becuase of the huge increase and rapid decrease in pressure during the impact event. They occur only in the center of craters that are larger than 40 km diameter. See Tycho crater for another example. In this activity, marbles or other spheres such as steel shot, ball bearings, or golf balls are used as impactors that students drop from a series of heights onto a prepared "lunar surface." Using impactors of different mass dropped from the same height will allow students to study the relationship of mass of the impactor to crater size. Dropping impactors from different heights will allow students to study the relationship of velocity of the impactor to crater size. Review and prepare materials listed on the student sheet. The following materials work well as a base for the "lunar surface." Dust with a topping of dry tempera paint, powdered drink mixes glitter or other dry material in a contrasting color. Use a sieve, screen , or flour sifter. Choose a color that contrasts with the base materials for most striking results. all purpose flour Reusable in this activity and keeps well in a covered container. It can be recycled for use in the lava layering activity or for many other science activities. Reusable in this activity, even if colored, by adding a clean layer of new white baking soda on top. Keeps indefinitely in a covered container. Baking soda mixed (1:1) with table salt also works. Reusable in this activity but probably not recyclable. Keeps only in freezer in airtight container. sand and corn starch Mixed (1:1), sand must be very dry. Keeps only in freezer in airtight container. Pans should be plastic, aluminum, or cardboard. Do not use glass. They should be at least 7.5 cm deep. Basic 10"x12" aluminum pans or plastic tubs work fine, but the larger the better to avoid misses. Also, a larger pan may allow students to drop more marbles before having to resurface and smooth the target materials. A reproducible student "Data Chart" is included; students will need a separate chart for each impactor used in the activity. Begin by looking at craters in photographs of the Moon and asking students their ideas of how craters formed. During this activity, the flour, baking soda, or dry paint may fall onto the floor and the baking soda may even be disbursed into the air. Spread newspapers under the pan(s) to catch spills or consider doing the activity outside. Under supervision, students have successfully dropped marbles from second-story balconies. Resurface the pan before a high drop. Have the students agree beforehand on the method they will use to "smooth" and resurface the material in the pan between impacts. The material need not be packed down. Shaking or tilting the pan back and forth produces a smooth surface. Then be sure to reapply a fresh dusting of dry tempera paint or other material. Remind students that better experimental control is achieved with consistent handling of the materials. For instance, cratering results may vary if the material is packed down for some trials and not Allow some practice time for dropping marbles and resurfacing the materials in the pan before actually recording data. Because of the low velocity of the marbles compared with the velocity of real impactors, the experimental impact craters may not have raised rims. Central uplifts and terraced walls will be absent. The higher the drop height, the greater the velocity of the marble, so a larger crater will be made and the ejecta will spread out farther. If the impactor were dropped from 6 meters, then the crater would be larger. The students need to extrapolate the graph out far enough to read the predicted Have the class compare and contrast their hypotheses on what things affect the appearance of craters and ejecta. As a grand finale for your students, demonstrate a more forceful impact using a slingshot. What would happen if you change the angle of impact? How could this be tested? Try it! Do the results support your hypothesis? If the angle of impact is changed, then the rays will be concentrated and longer in the direction of impact. A more horizontal impact angle produces a more skewed crater shape. To focus attention on the rays produced during an impact, place a paper bulls-eye target with a central hole on top of a large, flour-filled pan. Students drop a marble through the hole to measure ray lengths and orientations. Use plaster of Paris or wet sand instead of dry materials. Videotape the activity. Some people think the extinction of the dinosaurs was caused by massive global climate changes because of a meteorite impact on Earth. Summarize the exciting work that has been done at Chicxulub on the Yucatan coast Some people think Earth was hit by an object the size of Mars that caused a large part of Earth to "splash" into space, forming the Moon. Do you agree or disagree? Explain your answer. Physics students could calculate the velocities of the impactors from various heights. (Answers from heights of 30 cm, 60 cm, 90 cm, and 2 m should, of course, agree with the velocity values shown on the "Impact Craters - Data Chart". Go to Impact Craters Student Go to Impact Craters Data Go to Impact Craters Graph. Return to Impact Craters Activity Index. Return to Hands-On Activities home page. This activity has been copied, with permission, from the University of Hawaii's School of Ocean & Earth Science & Technology server to ours, to allow faster access from our Web site. We encourage you to explore Return to Reach Out! To Reach Out! volunteer organization at the University of Michigan
Following the distress calls of Forge World Graia, a Liberation Fleet consisting of various Imperial Forces was quickly assembled to make for the besieged world before the Ork hordes could completely overwhelm its defenders and claim the Warlord Class Titans for themselves. Amongst those who responded were the Warseer Chapter; it's crusading nature allowing for several units to quickly join with the liberation fleet as it made for the Forge World. When the liberation fleet arrived however they got more than they could have bargined for; Chaos had seeped from the warp and invaded Graia. Their new objective was simple; burn the heretics, kill the xenos, destroy any who would stand before them. For the Emperor and for the Warseer Chapter! I was rather surprised, especially considering the number of threads on the game, how I hadn't seen a proper Warseer clan for Space Marine up (and if there is I do apologise). Gathering Gamertags is all well and good but playing as part of a clan (however casual) always feels great and with the tools provided by the game to customise your character what could be more awesome than a squad of Warseer Space Marines visually charging into battle against the forces of Chaos? What about fighting off wave after wave of Ork? This won't be anything super strict and pro, more of a casual and laidback thing where we can don our Warseer colours and enjoy ourselves on a great video game. Whether we play the competitive multiplayer or the upcoming survival co-op DLC (which is free I might add), any and all are free to sign up and come play on any platform. Interested? Simply reply with your platform and your ID (Gamertag, Steam Name, etc). I'm also looking for a few Sergeants; they won't have any proper authority per say but they will be the people who want to organise game nights, get everybody invited in parties, chats, (depending on your system) and so forth. Toss me a PM if you're interested. Squad Prīmus (360) Stormtrooper Clark/GT: OPCON Cpt farnham - GT: farnham AngelofSrrow - GT: Danatoth689 Squad Secundus (PC) Oxford - ID: Cybersquid AmKhaibitu - ID: Cenobite [FUMM] Korkalis - ID: Korkalis Screaming Manti - ID: Boothby1991 Squad Tertius (PS3) Wrymwood - ID: Urathomable canuklhead - ID: Rokkit_man
SELECTED PRESS RELEASE: 7/5/2012 5:05:39 AM EST |Where Are We At With The Unstoppable Whirlwind? VISIT WEBSITE (learn more) The Unstoppable Whirlwind is a program that requires Zero experience on your behalf but yet rewards you greatly for just being a loyal member / customer. Whirlwind is an opportunity where sponsoring is completely optional. In fact, the longer you are a member, the higher your income. You can get the full details & sign up by following the link below : Click on "Register" or scroll down to the bottom and click on "JOIN NOW" Let me tell you few things about The Unstoppable Whirlwind. * Affordable cost, at just US $1 daily subscription. * Huge Income potential. Just over US $500 Per position. * No Need to Sponsor anyone, EVER!!! * Solid Trust Pay & Payza Accepted. Worldwide. * Super FAST Daily Payments * Known, Trusted, Experienced and Reliable Administrators. *** Great Team Support I joined this program when it launched on June 26th. A hurricane with full force winds has been raging ever since with the exception of 2 days when they paused the program to fix a few errors! I purchased 50 subs on day 1 and 25 more 2 days ago. The maximum number of subs you may currently own is 75 but there is a great incentive to go this way! All members who are subscribed at the maximum level get to be founders! And founders get to participate in the profit share of the company twice monthly. In addition to the revenue shared by whirlwind positions cycling, Founders will also have increased advertising privileges. Things are going well right now. We have a facebook and a skype group where we can share questions and see the progress of the matrices. I am earning good money as I cycle through the levels and now have 637 positions which will ultimately all cycle and earn $500+. If that isn't enough, I am getting an awesome click through rate on my listing and banner advertising for my other programs. These advertising slots are allocated as a result of my daily subs. All in all, worth investigating.... And you may do so here: tuw.powerincomeblog.com BUSINESS OWNER COMMENTS: ** You need to be a member of IBOtoolbox to comment. Click Here to create free account. |Thanks, Shekhar! It's too good to keep to myself!!| |Thank you so much for sharing it with us..|
October 3, 2010 A Mauling at The Rock HATTIESBURG, Miss. - You have to hand it to Southern Miss defensive coordinator Todd Bradford - when his defense turns a corner, it turns a corner. The Golden Eagle defense was downright nasty in Saturday's 41-16, ambush of the Marshall Thundering Herd Saturday night at "The Rock", holding their C-USA opener opponents to 180 yards of total offense. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now for a FREE Trial
Larry Sparks has said that he's the youngest old-timer around, and the self-description is an apt one. Emerging from the Stanley Brothers' Clinch Mountain Boys band, Sparks carried on with the sounds created by bluegrass music's first generation. His style was no knockoff, however; it had a distinctively bluesy tinge anchored by Sparks' own guitar, a comparatively unusual lead instrument in bluegrass, where the triad of mandolin, banjo, and fiddle had defined the musical texture since the genre's early days. Sparks grew up in Lebanon, OH, in the southwestern part of the state that has produced several other top bluegrass artists. His parents came from Appalachian Kentucky, and one of his grandfathers was a fiddle contest champion. Sparks heard Cincinnati country star Wayne Raney on the radio when he was young and learned to play the guitar. His skills put him in demand not only for bluegrass but also for country and rock bands while he was in high school, but after sitting in as lead guitarist with the Stanley Brothers as they toured Ohio in 1964, bluegrass took first place among his musical interests. Sparks played increasingly often with the Stanley Brothers and made his recording debut in 1965 on a small Dayton, OH label. He spent three years as lead vocalist with Ralph Stanley & the Clinch Mountain Boys after Carter Stanley's death at age 41 in December 1966. Around 1970, Sparks formed his own band, the Lonesome Ramblers, and it's a rare bluegrass festival or concert series that hasn't played host to Sparks multiple times in the years since. Numerous younger bluegrass players have passed through the Lonesome Ramblers or appeared on Sparks' many recordings, Ricky Skaggs and fiddler Stuart Duncan being only two of the best-known examples. Sparks recorded for various labels in the '70s and early '80s, moving to Rebel in 1982 for the Dark Hollow LP. It was the first in a long string of recordings that sold steadily and won critical acclaim; most of Sparks' Rebel catalog remained in print in the early 2000s. Along the way, Sparks made several songs into bluegrass standards. He unearthed an obscure folk-rock composition by Lawrence Hammond entitled "John Deere Tractor" and turned it into a perennial anthem of discontented rural folk adrift in the big city; the cover of the song by the Judds on their Love Can Build a Bridge album of 1990 was likely traceable to Sparks' own numerous performances. The Stanley Brothers' "Goin' Up Home (To Live in Green Pastures)" was one of several gospel pieces that every parking-lot pickup band wanted to learn after hearing Sparks sing it, and Sparks tended to focus on gospel in his own numerous compositions as well. Sparks and the Lonesome Ramblers barely slowed down in the 1990s, releasing several albums over the course of the decade, and 2003's The Coldest Part of Winter showed him in undiminished form. Sparks released Last Suit You Wear in 2007. Recorded primarily with his road band, the Lonesome Ramblers, Almost Home appeared in 2011. ~ James Manheim, Rovi
August 29, 2012 Super talents at Serra USC has had quite a run landing players out of the talent factory Gardena (Calif.) Serra and they hope that trend will continue because they have two outstanding talents who are already national recruits. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now for a FREE Trial
WELCOME, SIGN IN Benefits of Private School Vs Public School Description:Education expert Ann Dolin discusses the differences between private school and public school, and shares tips to help choose the right one for your student. MonkeySee.com - Parenting Private School vs Public School advantages of private schools advantages of public schools
I am getting a new car ! and i just wanted to know if there was anybody who is really good at applying opti coat 2.0 in the San jose California area.... [ i hope this is the right section i am posting in.... if i am in the wrong section or am not aloud to do this type of post.. please accept my apology and take it down ] but anyways i asked mike and this should be the right section to post in. well anyways... thanks guys for reading!
NAIROBI Kenya, Jun 16 – As the nation mourned the late minister for Internal Security George Saitoti, a young man who largely kept off the public eye despite the high profile his father held stood up to eulogise him. Zachary Musengi Saitoti, the only child of the late minister marshaled the courage to extol his late father as a man of great determination, fortitude and one who wanted to exceed his targets. Until Saitoti’s death last Sunday, his family life remained very private and little was seen of his wife and son in public. Saitoti’s son expressed pride in a father he termed as his “legend and hero and who was the backbone and the strength of the family.” Zachary said that the helicopter crash last Sunday robbed him of a loving father whom he thanked for ensuring he never lacked anything. “On the fateful day of the accident, I lost my rock, my Goliath and my dad. As his son, my father gave me more than I could ever dream of… more than I could ever want. He gave me everything, he gave me his love,” he stated. “He was a man of such wonder that he gave the same that he gave to me and his family but also to thousands if not millions of people around the world,” Zachary recalled. Zack hailed his father as the pillar of his life and a great mentor who had played a great part in shaping the attitude and the life that he lives. He did not run shy of acknowledging the various roles that his late father served in the nation of Kenya insisting that he succeeded due to the love he had for the country. “My father loved this country and its people with every possible fiber of his body. In his illustrious career he poured out his heart and soul in strengthening this nation and securing its future as a land of tremendous opportunity and prosperity,” he said of the man who had served in the ministries of finance, education of internal security as well as vice president for 13 years. “I will not let you down or the family; you were our backbone, our father, our brother, our uncle, our everything. May the way you lived guide us… empower us and bring us close together,” he said concluding his tribute. Zachary who describes himself as creative photographer and graphic designer graduated from the University of the West of England with two Bachelor of Arts degrees in photography and in graphic design. In her tribute, Saitoti’s widow Margaret recounted her life with her departed husband terming it memorable. In the tribute read on her behalf by a friend Lucy Maoga, Margaret admitted that that she had recognized early that her late husband had a higher calling which focused on public service and that she provided him with the support of a wife. “My dear George, what a life we have shared; a lovely and memorable companionship, a love that has known no bounds. When we met we were young and full of hope there was no doubt that we were meant for each other. Our union got compete with the arrival of our son… my duty to you was to provide you with all the support that a wife should give. On your part you did not leave me behind. Our love will always remain in our hearts forever,” read Margaret’s tribute. She insisted that he never stood in the way of her husband whom she said had a deep love for the country. She attributed the love of country for the successes Saitoti had in various dockets that he served.
Cyber Bullying Epidemic Meets its Greatest Challenge: Award-Winning Author, Ben Halpert, Brings the Savvy Cyber Kids Back in Their Newest Adventure – The Defeat of the Cyber Bully ATLANTA, Oct. 13, 2011 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Today marks a turning point for the cyber bully epidemic. The nonprofit organization, Savvy Cyber Kids is pleased to announce the launch of a cyber bully awareness, prevention, and response curriculum that is targeted towards our youngest learners called The Savvy Cyber Kids at Home: The Defeat of the Cyber Bully. Teachers, concerned parents, and adult caregivers alike can now leverage the ground breaking publication, along with free supporting resources, to take advantage of the earliest teachable moments for children. The book features two main characters, “CyberPrincess” and “CyberThunder,” who come across a cyber bully and learn appropriate strategies for responding. Our children are being exposed to technology before they understand the implications of their actions. The Cyberbulling Research Center reports that one in five youths between age 10 and 18 have been a victim of cyber bullying, according to a survey of 4,441 children. “Every death as a result of bullying is a tragedy,” said author and Savvy Cyber Kids founder Ben Halpert. Halpert hopes that Savvy Cyber Kids will play a part in battling the cyber bully epidemic facing youths today. “Creating a generation that is brought up to be aware of cyber social and cyber ethical issues is a win for society,” Halpert added. To integrate The Savvy Cyber Kids at Home: The Defeat of the Cyber Bully into the home or classroom as smoothly as possible, Savvy Cyber Kids has created a lesson plan and an activity sheet that are available as free downloads from savvycyberkids.org. The Savvy Cyber Kids at Home: The Defeat of the Cyber Bully is available in hardcover and ebook formats through booksellers everywhere. All proceeds from sales go directly back into the nonprofit to create additional educational materials. School and library versions with spine text are available directly from Savvy Cyber Kids, Inc. About Savvy Cyber Kids, Inc. The mission of Savvy Cyber Kids, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, is to teach kids safety before they go online. Savvy Cyber Kids focuses on engraining security awareness and ethics into the minds of preschool aged children. Targeting children at the preschool level will enable appropriate decision making to be second nature as the child matures surrounded by a world filled with interactive technology. For inquires and interview requests, please contact firstname.lastname@example.org SOURCE Savvy Cyber Kids, Inc.
This crossword puzzle dictionary features more than 325,000 clues and answer words along with a 500,000-word thesaurus to help you solve tough crossword puzzles. Build language and vocabulary skills with 13 word games and exercises. Dictionary, English, 500000 Words, Calculator Function, Currency Converter, Weight: 4 lb. (1,814.37 gr) Number of Reviews: 0 |Best deal: $53.99 $53.99 - $53.99 from 1 stores.
Q: What’s the best way to quickly bring up the temperature of my red wine? Is a microwave recommended? A: I rarely use microwaves. Period…and I certainly wouldn’t recommend using it to heat up wine. Some colleagues disagree. Wine columnist Matt Kramer once touted its use and I’ve heard that some winemakers and others use the technique. Sommeliers? You gotta be joking. Polling twitter and facebook, wine drinkers and experts agreed that microwaving is not the way to go. Readers, do you agree? What technique do you use to warm up a chilled bottle of red? For those that use the microwave, could you clue the rest of us in on its usefulness and why you use it?
[talk-au] New Australian Aerial Imagery info at 4x4falcon.com Sun Mar 11 09:57:18 GMT 2012 > The positional accuracy seems to be excellent. I have already used the > imagery to add a few missing railway line sections in Western > Australia. It takes a little while to get used to the imagery being > grayscale. In JOSM I’ve found it helpful to add some colour to the > imagery by overlaying the imagery over a Bing background with AGRI > layer set slightly transparent. Link to the railway sections please. I'm just curious about how the imagery shows up. More information about the Talk-au
Despite this "obvious truth," it seems that people in other countries see what we have here in the UK as a good thing and are actually quite envious of our health service. Free access to GP services is what I believe needs to happen. Then, and only then, will those on low incomes be able to take control of their health. Sure, it'll cost a hell of a lot of money. But if people could afford to go to their GP to get their cholesterol checked, to have their blood pressure measured, to talk about giving up the fags, then we could potentially claw back a significant amount of the money, while at the same time improving the nation's health. But when you have the choice between paying 60 euro to have your BMI measured, or buy the tin of baby formula that your nipper needs, I know which most people would choose. The full article is over here.
FULL LINE-UP ANNOUNCED! Click above for Facebook event page Celebrate WA is excited to make the full line-up announcement for the upcoming State Of The Art music festival, to be held at the Perth Concert Hall and surrounds on Sunday 2 June on the WA Day long weekend. Bringing together a mix of exceptionally talented acts from a diverse range of genres, the festival will showcase some of Western Australia’s leading musicians to build on the success of the inaugural event in 2012, which attracted more than 5,500 proud WA music lovers. Following a similar format to last year, the day will feature three seated showcases inside the Perth Concert Hall, and three open stages taking over the St Georges Terrace and Riverside ends of the Perth Concert Hall precinct. CONCERT HALL SHOWCASES: The showcase performances will feature the full line-ups of: - Premium vintage blues double headliner featuring slide guitar legend DAVE HOLE and pioneers CHAIN from 1:00pm - Exclusive WA album launch for electro pop siren ABBE MAY’s Kiss My Apocalypse, supported by a rare performance from SCHVENDES from 4:30pm - Hard rock heavyweights KARNIVOOL exclusively previewing songs from their upcoming album, spread amongst the classics from 8:30pm. Abbe May Karnivool Dave Hole Three stages outside the iconic hall will feature a high profile selection of WA’s finest singers, songwriters, bands and electronic producers, including the already announced Bob Evans, Gyroscope and Eskimo Joe’s Kav Temperley. Other homegrown delights include The Chemist, Day Of The Dead, Sons Of Rico, Emperors, Grace Woodroofe, The Love Junkies, Rabbit Island, Jake & The Cowboys’ Jarred Wall, Cow Parade Cow, Fitzroy Xpress, Rainy Day Women, MmHmm, Rachael Dease & Ylem (collab), Rokwell & Groom, The Weapon Is Sound, Sam Perry, Usurper Of Modern Medicine, 44th Sunset, Antonio Paul and Runner. And just added to this already epic line-up is the WAM Song Of The Year Grand Prize winner Timothy Nelson plus drum'n'bass legend Greg Packer, the man that started this great state's d'n'b legacy! Gyroscope Emperors Bob Evans are on sale from all Ticketek outlets and Ticketek.com.au (click here!), starting from $13.95 for access to all three outdoor stages or $24.60 per Concert Hall Showcase, which includes access to all outdoor stages. Please note there are licensed and all-ages areas. Event Date: Sunday 2 June 2013 Event Time: Doors open 12 noon, finishes at 11pm Location: Perth Concert Hall and surrounding three outdoor stages Entry: All ages with licensed areas. Discount ticketed event Tickets: Now on sale from www.ticketek.com.au WA is supported by the State Government and LotteryWest, and a range of major corporate and media partners including BHP Billiton, Hawaiian, Channel 7 Perth, The West Australian and Austereo. State Of The Art is assisted by WAM and Supersonic Enterprises. FOR MORE INFO (click the below):
The Aftermath: Pro Farmer Tour and Hurricane Irene Aug 29, 2011 Looks like "Irene" found the big city lights of New York City simply too overwhelming and faded off into the sunset. For all of our sakes, Irene was downgraded to a "tropical storm," and the stock exchanges and all financial exchanges were open as scheduled, airlines are back up and running, transportation is starting to move, and we seem to have avoided another potential "black swan" type event. The weather will be watched closely during the coming days as well, due to thoughts that the recent tropical storms may quickly alter weather models and current patterns across the midwest. For the most part, outside of hurricane Irene, the weather has been fairly mild this weekend. From what I am hearing, there could be some improvements in several of the key winter wheat planting areas during the next couple of weeks as rains is expected to fall in parts of Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, Central and Eastern Oklahoma, and Eastern Texas. With this being the case you may want to consider coverage on a portion of your unpriced or unhedged wheat bushels. Certainly there is a chance that we make a push back to $9 in the Chicago wheat contract and beyond $11 in the Minneapolis contract, beyond that I am a little concerned. Therefore, looking at ways to help control your downside will become important as we progress. With the Pro Farmer crop tour behind us now, the trade is now left to digest thoughts regarding their 147.9 national corn yield, and a 41.8 soybean yield. Regardless of how you feel about the Pro Farmer final estimates, one thing we need to think about, is the simple fact that if the USDA were to use the Pro Farmer numbers for just Iowa and Illinois we end up right around a 146 national corn yield average. Those two states in and of themselves are obviously going to be instrumental as we progress further into harvest, so make sure you start paying close attention to the numbers in these areas. With continued thoughts that the US corn carryout could actually fall below 500 million bushels on lower yield estimates and fewer harvested acres, the trade seems more than content adding length and pushing "new crop" corn prices towards new all-time highs. The "outsides" appear to be providing us with a little boost this morning, and soybeans seem to be leading the charge. As November soybeans quickly approach $14.50, I urge those of you who are not at least 50-60% sold to think about pulling the trigger. As I have been mentioning, there is certainly the chance we make the run to... For more thoughts on where I believe Corn, Soybeans and wheat Prices could make their runs, Sign-up to receive my FREE Full report. Sign-up today and you will also receive my personal cash sale recommendations as well as gain access to my full Marketing Strategy. Remember, YOUR livelihood is traded on a Global market. Prices don't react to fundamental news like they use to. In the FULL report, I bring you the inside scoop on what the Big Money players (Hedge Funds/Managed Money) are watching and how to take advantage of it! Simply follow the link below. You can also click the button below to follow my Team and I on Twitter and get daily updates on what is happening in the grain and livestock markets.
Published on January 2nd, 2013 | by Thomas Wakelin Capcom NOT Bringing Recent Games To Wii U It was assumed by many that due to the recent ports such as Batman: Arkham City- Armoured Edition, Mass Effect 3 and Darksiders II that we would see many ports make their way onto Wii U within the first year or so after its release at least but it seems that, at least Capcom games anyway, that that may not be the case. Capcom have confirmed via their Capcom Unity forums that recent games will not be making their way onto Nintendo’s new home console; the Nintendo Wii U. This means titles such as Resident Evil 6 are very unlikely to be within reach for Nintendo fans. In an post, Christian Svensson (Capcom’s Senior Vice President) said the following: “With regard to WiiU, in general we’re looking forward, not back so late ports are generally not on the table”. What do you make of Capcom’s decision to look forward and not back?
Cookbooks for Everyone! - Cookbooks from some of Boston's highly acclaimed chefs. Bargain Bites - Unbelievable dining deals at Boston's best restaurants Pop over to Smolak Farms this summer for a unique pop up dining experience, Whim. Throughout July and August the North Andover farm will welcome a host of chefs like Will Gilson, Andy Husbands, Rich Morin, Mary Dumont and Chris Coombs, who will craft three course menus of seasonal fare to be enjoyed in the Pine Grove. Each $65 Wednesday evening (beverages and gratuity not included) begins at 7:30pm. The whimsical nights are a go regardless of rain – peruse the schedule below and then book your tickets online. Wednesday, July 11th – Will Gilson, Bridgestreet Wednesday, July 18th – Andy Husbands, Tremont 647 Wednesday, July 25th – Vittorio Ettore, Bistro 5 Wednesday, August 1st – Suzi Maitland, Trina’s Starlite Lounge Wednesday, August 8th – Rich Morin, Lineage Wednesday, August 15th – Mary Dumont, Harvest Wednesday, August 22nd – Joe Faro, Tuscan Kitchen Wednesday, August 29th – Chris Coombs, Deuxave & dbar Restaurants featured in Dine on a Whim at Smolak Farm
Tea & Treasures Book Discussion @ Elkton Library Join Elkton’s branch manager for “Tea and Treasures.” Who doesn’t enjoy a warm cup of tea and a good book? Bring your favorite teacup and saucer or mug and the treasures you have read this month. Hot water and a selection of teas will be provided. Elkton Community Library
Originally Posted by broncosteven I am not greedy I just want either a Korg Kronos X Or Roland Integra-7 A Korg Monotron would be fun. It would also be nice to spend and hour with Gene or about 2 minutes (plus or minus a minute) with Julianne Hough. You recording a Gene Kranz tribute album? That **** will be so tight!
TimberWorks® Wood Floor CleanerToday's Price: The natural beauty of a wood floor is unsurpassable. TimberWorks Wood Floor Cleaner is specifically engineered to easily and safely clean your polyurethane finished wood, linoleum and laminated floors. By effectively cleaning the dirt and grease build-up on your floors, you can help restore beauty your floor finish was intended to have. This product works quickly and easily with the Oreck Orbiter Machine or a mop. - For most polyurethane wood, linoleum and laminated floors. - Cleans spots, scuffs, heel marks, and sticky spots. - Helps restore the beauty your floor was intended to have. - Quick and easy to use with Oreck Orbiter Floor Care Machines or a mop. NOTE: Know the finish you have on your floors. Some non-polyurethane, waterborne polyurethane, unsealed or waxed wood floors are water sensitive. Always test in an inconspicuous area prior to using. Just mist your floor and wipe or buff with the Oreck Orbiter. It’s that easy!
It’s spring, and downtown is buzzing with work crews. You have to admit - things ARE getting better. Throughout downtown, crews are busy continuing to overhaul the landscaping. There are new trees, grasses, and shrubbery – and they’re in well-designed, attractive arrangements. Sim’s Bowl has sprouted a “For Sale” sign, now that the city appears to be backing off its purchase. The familiar “Acorn” streetlights that have been downtown for about 15 years now have almost all vanished, in anticipation of the new streetlights. I am hopeful that this means the new streetlights are better-designed.; it would be disappointing if the older ones were refurbished. Metra Dry Cleaners has moved from the building next to Sim’s into the C.W.M. Brown building at the northwest corner of Miner and Pearson. An air conditioning unit has been installed in the train station, for commuter comfort. The Brasserie restaurant in the station unfortunately still has handmade paper signs. The Masonic Temple building has received fresh white paint on its piers, instead of the differing, peeling colors that were there before, with a gray coat over the concrete base. The dry cleaners storefront has also been repainted gray from blue. It’s too bad they didn’t match the brick and concrete’s natural colors, but it’s a big improvement nonetheless. There is also a fresh coat of paint on the city-owned 1486 Miner building. Most of the downtown traffic signals have been replaced with LED lights (I hope they have accounted for a way to keep them from getting snowed over – the old lights produced heat.) As part of this process, many of the crosswalk signals now have countdown timers, and the poles have been stripped down to bare metal instead of faded, peeling, and rusting yellow paint. Alderman Matt Bogusz is pursuing an initiative to help small businesses get a start in the city. It is a great sign that we have several Aldermen and a mayor taking an active interest in our beautiful downtown. Not only Alderman Patti Haugeberg, 1st ward alderman, but also Bogusz and Mark Walsten. We are fortunate to have a leadership that cares about making things better. These little improvements add up; taking a walk through downtown is starting to feel significantly better. With the right plan, this direction can yield great results. The Des Plaines Journal today features a photo of the old Prince Castle ice cream stand that was once at the northeast corner of Lee and Prairie, where the 701 Lee (First National) office building now stands.
That pickup is most likely a 1969 or 1970. The 1971 and 1972 models had a higher nose on the hood above the grille. My first brand new car was a 1972 Chevy Suburban C20 with the 402 cubic inch big block. This was a 396 type big block with a few more cubic inches. The GVW was about 7200 # or so and the light weight was about 4250 #. It came with a 16 gallon fuel tank. I had an aftermarket shop build a 50 gallon fuel tank for me in the 1973 oil embargo. There were only 2136 C20 Suburbans made with the swing doors like mine in 1972. Versus 95,000 C20 long bed pickups. People today don't remotely have the ingenuity of the past truck camper manufacturers. A 3/4 ton or one ton SRW pickup would carry the very heavy TC's of the past for thousands of mile trips every year on the old style tires of the era and very seldom did you hear of any blowouts or truck frame failures. TC's were very popular in the 1970s and 1980s and most were carried on 1/2 tons or 3/4 tons. Dually pickups were few and far between then and they were basically spartan work styled trucks. We bought our first TC in 1965 (a Georgie Boy decked out and with a bathroom made in Red Bay Alabama for $1270 out the door new) and carried it on a 1966 Chevy 3/4 ton with a 292 six cylinder pickup with a 5 speed floor shift and it had a creeper gear that worked great for pulling our 28' Owens wood plank very heavy cabin cruiser out of the water at the ramp in the fall and putting it back in in the spring each year. Stored the boat on our other side driveway and decorated it for Christmas and had a big translucent Santa on top of the flying bridge with a 100 watt light bulb inside. Made the front page of the newspaper! Drove the '66 truck for camping etc use till it had over 140,000 miles on it all over the USA and Canada and never had any tire failures, frame issues, or drivetrain problems. Most miles were pulling a 17' or 19' fiberglass outboard boat or our motorized 250 CC dirt bikes etc on a trailer behind the TC/truck combo for many years. Finally bought a new fancy 3/4 ton V-8 truck with an auto tranny and 4 wheel drive and have never looked back. Kept our two larger boats in a marina and stored them there as they were too big/heavy to pull out in a ramp and over 12' wide so a hoist was required. Then on to our first diesel. These were our personal trucks not the ones we had for our business. A superb CC LB 4X4, GM HD Diesel, airbags, Rancho's, lots more Lance Legend TC 11' 4", loaded including 3400 PP generator and my deluxe 2' X 7' rear porch 29 ft Carriage Carri-lite 5'er - a specially built gem A like new '07 Sunline Solaris 26' TT
The good ... Defending Amarillo: It isn't often we can pat the federal government on the back for the way it spends taxpayer money, but on the rare occasion Uncle Sam gets it right, recognition is warranted. The U.S. House Armed Services Committee beefed up federal spending for Bell Helicopter and Pantex last week, approving $2.8 billion for the V-22 Osprey program and $553.4 million for Pantex. Granted, the Panhandle has a vested interest in these two entities, but few can deny their importance to national defense and security - especially right now. U.S. Rep. Mac Thornberry, R-Clarendon, deserves credit for making sure his colleagues are aware of how vital Bell and Pantex are to the country, and for making sure the money is there to meet their needs. the bad ... Run for the border: New Mexico can't have it both ways as far as illegal immigration. Bernalillo County commissioners approved a resolution by a 4-1 vote last week stating, in effect, that local law enforcement should not participate in enforcing illegal immigration laws. Also last week, the state's two U.S. senators - Republican Pete Domenici and Democrat Jeff Bingaman - prodded the federal government to step up its efforts against drug-related violence near the town of Columbus, which is near the Mexican border. The sentiment that the enforcement of illegal immigration laws is solely a federal responsibility detracts from the issue. The federal government cannot be the only realm of law enforcement that recognizes illegal immigration laws, otherwise the disturbing situation in Columbus will be the result. Thank goodness for society that other laws are not treated similarly. and the ugly. Speak easy: Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives continued their monotonous and meaningless quest to tar and feather U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales last week. Here's a question asked by U.S. Rep. Robert Wexler, D-Fla., in a hearing relating to the controversy over the firings of eight U.S. attorneys, including former U.S. Attorney David Iglesias of New Mexico: "Mr. Attorney General, you won't tell the American people who put Mr. Iglesias on the list to be fired. It's a national secret, isn't it?" There is no need for Gonzales to respond to the American people, because the majority of the American people are not the least bit interested in this inconsequential investigation. Democrats, however, continue to act as if they have stumbled on another Watergate. With regard to this much-ado-about-nothing dustup, partisan members of Congress should not presume to speak for the American people. By the way, who is speaking for the 93 U.S. attorneys fired by President Clinton when he took office in 1993? Amarillo Globe-News ©2013. All Rights Reserved.
FaceTime Tip: I rarely use the Phone app on my iPhone, but I found a great use for the Favorites feature. When adding a phone number or email address as a Favorite, you can select FaceTime. I’ve added anyone I know with FaceTime (who I’d actually talk to) to Favorites, so now I have one place to see all my FaceTime contacts and start a call with one tap. I am not normally a huge fan of dubstep, but after seeing Big Gigantic live this summer I really like them. Something about having a live sax player is just awesome. I made this mashup as part of a bigger mix I made about a month ago, and a lot of people liked it, so I thought I’d share it separately. Enjoy! While I was in NYC a few weeks ago Nick Pinkston and I made a random pit stop to pick up his backpack, and I ended up meeting Sasha Laundy at Codecademy. I was so excited to learn about this awesome new initiative she’s working on there called After School Programming. If you’re a teacher or know any teachers who might be interested in this (even if you don’t know how to code yourself), please check it out! It provides an opportunity to students that I think should be core to the education system. From the Codecademy After School Programming site: By learning basic programming, kids can have a say in how software shapes their world. This really resonates with something I remember from Paulo Blikstien mentioned in his presentation about FabLab@School at Open Hardware Summit. He said it would be great if their initiative to improve science and technology education could get more children interested in becoming engineers, but at the bare minimum the students will grow up with a basic knowledge about how things work. THESE KINDS OF PROJECTS NEEEEEEEEED TO HAPPEN! These programs might not be for all students, but they at least give them the opportunity to know the amazing possibilities that are out there when you know how to build things, whether software, physical products, or the overlap between the two. Thank you so much to the people making these education initiatives happen. I wish there had been something like this when I was a kid! When I was in Austin at SXSW I met some guys from WP Engine, which is a WordPress-only hosting company that is optimized for speed and security. I had a pretty cheap shared host at the time, but a few months after SXSW I decided to give them a try for one of my sites since they claimed to be really fast. I was blown away by the speed increase of my site (which seems to be a pretty strong signal for Google ranking). Everyone else Some people I know who have switched have had a similar reaction. If you host a WordPress site, I highly recommend you check them out. If you use this link, they are giving away 2 months free. Yes, these are affiliate links, but I’m only promoting this site because I legitimately like this company a lot. I could tell they were good guys who really knew their stuff after talking to them for a few minutes in Austin, and they’ve proven it to me with a really solid product. Here’s a mix I put together of some beats I made with some Jay-Z and Notorious B.I.G. a capellas over them. Please give feedback in the SoundCloud comments! I’ve been working on learning Ableton Live for mixing songs, loops, and a capellas on the fly. In the past, I’ve mainly done non-linear stuff in Logic Pro. Here’s a mix I made the other day. Please comment on SoundCloud and let me know what you think! Marketing via “Freedistribution” - Yesterday my friend Ryan and I were driving through a neighborhood and saw a box on the side of the road that said “FREE” on it. Inside, we found about 20 basketballs with varying amounts of air, and we decided we should take them all. It was a Sunday afternoon, and we had just got done with an awesome Sunday drive, but wanted to find another random activity to do outside for the rest of the afternoon. Then I had an idea - let’s drive around the city looking for kids playing pickup basketball and give them free basketballs. I grabbed my 12V air compressor to inflate the balls en route, and Ryan had the great idea that I should write the URL of my free sample site on every ball in Sharpie, since they are freebies after all. It only took us about an hour to get rid of all the basketballs. There were a few methods for this, including walking up to kids playing basketball saying “Want free basketballs?” and driving by courts and chucking them over the fence while yelling “Free basketballs!” I just thought I’d share this story since it was a fun activity for the afternoon, it helped some people get rid of junk they put on the side of the road, and it might have helped some kids get free basketballs. I was surprised how excited the children were about the freebies. I call it “freedistribution” because we were redistributing junk people didn’t want disguised as freebies. Maybe I’ll do this more often.
VEDA approves $20 million in financing STAFF REPORT | July 09,2012 MONTPELIER — The Vermont Economic Development Authority has approved $19.8 million in financing for a number of projects around the state including: Green Mountain College, Poultney — Final approval for the reissuance of up to $14.6 million in tax-exempt revenue bonds associated with capital improvements made several years ago. The college made infrastructure investments including a biomass (wood chip) heating system, renovations to Sage Hall, and improvements to the electrical distribution system. Leo D. Bernstein & Sons Inc., Shaftsbury — VEDA approved a small business loan, in conjunction with TD Bank, to help the company fulfill a large national purchase order. Bernstein manufactures and supplies clothing mannequins to large department stores. The company relocated its production facility to Shaftsbury in 2005. Based in New York City, the company has 132 employees, with 55 based in Vermont. Bristol Works LLC, Bristol — Financing of $350,000 was approved through VEDA’s small business loan program to help renovate the former 38,800-square-foot Autumn Harp facility. The building will be retrofitted and leased to tenants in the sectors of health, wellness, recreation, value-added agriculture, and green energy manufacturing. Total project costs are expected to be $1.7 million, with financing also provided by National Bank of Middlebury. Revision Ballistics LTD., Newport — Financing of $1.16 million to help newly established Revision Ballistics keep 45 jobs in Newport. The financing supported Revision Ballistics’ purchase of inventory, machinery and equipment of MSA’s Newport manufacturing plant. Revision will continue to manufacture advanced combat helmets for the U.S. Army and other military customers. This acquisition will launch the diversification of Revision’s existing military product lines. Revision Ballistics is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Revision Military LTD of Essex Junction. Within three years, the company hopes to increase its Vermont workforce from 150 to 200. Tivoly Inc., Derby Line — Financing of $332,320 was approved to help Tivoly undertake various capital projects. Community National Bank will provide additional financing for the $830,800 project. Planned expenditures include replacement and purchase of machinery and equipment, and facility and equipment repair. The company is a subsidiary of Tivoly S.A., a French manufacturer of cutting tools. The company employs more than 160 people in the Northeast Kingdom. VEDA also approved $2.8 million to farmers through the agricultural loan program and $160,000 in loans to assist small businesses that are unable to access adequate sources of conventional financing.
- Search for Research Summaries, Reviews, and Reports - EPC Project - Research Review May 17, 2011 Related Products for this Topic Related Links for this Topic - Abou-Setta AM, Beaupre LA, Rashiq S, et al. Comparative effectiveness of pain management interventions for hip fracture: a systematic review. Ann Intern Med 2011 May 16. [Epub ahead of print] - CME Activity: Pain Management Interventions for Hip Fracture - Slide Talk: Pain Management Interventions for Hip Fracture Consumer Summary – May 17, 2011 Managing Pain From a Broken Hip: A Guide for Adults and Their Caregivers - View PDF (PDF) 932 kB - Download Audio (MP3) 8.2 MB - En Español - Help with Viewers, Players, and Plug-ins Table of Contents - Is This Guide Right for Me or Someone I Care For? - Understanding Your Condition - Understanding Your Choices - Additional Ways To Reduce Pain Is This Guide Right for Me or Someone I Care For? - You or the person you care for is an older adult (more than 50 years old) who is in a hospital because of a hip fracture (a broken hip that occurs suddenly from an event like a fall). - You or the person you care for is in the hospital for anything other than a broken hip or has hip pain that is NOT from a broken hip. Where does the information in this guide come from? The information in this guide comes from a review of many studies on treatments for older adults who have pain from a broken hip. A team of researchers, doctors, nurses, pharmacists, physical therapists, and other experts reviewed the current research. You can read the entire review at www.effectivehealthcare.ahrq.gov/hippain.cfm. Understanding Your Condition What is a broken hip? A broken hip is a break in the thigh bone (called the “femur”) near the hip joint. In older adults, a broken hip can occur from falling or from daily use if the femur is weak. The femur is one of the strongest bones in your body, but it may weaken with age. Even a minor injury may cause the bone to break. People who have a bone-weakening condition called “osteoporosis” are more likely to break a hip. A broken hip is a serious injury that is very painful and can keep you from walking. People with broken hips may be at risk for other problems, such as pneumonia, blood clots, and muscle weakness. Some problems can be life threatening. For that reason, if possible, broken hips are treated with an operation to repair the hip, physical therapy to help you gain strength after the operation, and medicine to help ease the pain. Why is managing pain important? Over time, pain from a broken hip may cause: - “Delirium” (confusion, excessive sleepiness, agitation, talk that does not make sense, or seeing things that are not there). - Poor sleep. Uncontrolled pain can also interfere with treatments for your other medical conditions. Pain can also slow down your physical therapy and recovery. Your doctor, nurse, or physical therapist will ask you about your pain. They may ask you to rate your pain so that they can see if treatment is helping. It is important to let them know if you are still in pain. The amount of pain and type of pain from a broken hip can change during your treatment. For example, the pain can be different before and after an operation, during rehabilitation, and after you come home from the hospital. If you are caring for someone who has difficulty thinking or expressing thoughts (called “dementia”), he or she may not be able to tell you about the pain. It is still important that the pain is managed. Understanding Your Choices Usual care for pain from a broken hip Your doctor may give you medicines to treat the pain before or after an operation to repair the broken hip. Some of these include: Acetaminophen. This non-aspirin pain medicine is often used for many types of pain, such as body aches and headaches. It usually is not strong enough by itself to relieve the pain. Opioid analgesics. Some common names for these drugs are morphine, codeine, and oxycodone. You may get these medicines as a pill, a shot, or through a tube in your arm (called an “IV”). Common side effects of opioid analgesics include: - Nausea, vomiting, and constipation. - Sleepiness and confusion. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs or NSAIDs. Some common names for these drugs are ibuprofen and naproxen. These medicines come as a pill or a liquid. Some of the common side effects of NSAIDs include: - Excess gas. - Irritation and bleeding of the stomach and intestines. Be sure to tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects. Your doctor may give you medicines to help. Additional Ways To Reduce Pain Researchers have studied other ways to manage pain. These other treatments include: - Nerve blocks. - Muscle-relaxation therapy. There is more information from research on nerve blocks than the other treatments listed here. There is very little known about the benefits and risks of traction, acupressure, muscle-relaxation therapy, and neurostimulation. What is a nerve block? A nerve block uses a medicine called an “anesthetic” (pronounced an-is-THET-ik) to numb the nerves so that you do not feel pain for a little while. Anesthetics are the same kind of medicine dentists use to numb teeth and gums. The nerve block will make a part of your body numb for a little while. Your doctor might use a nerve block to help ease your pain if you cannot take medicines like NSAIDs or opioids. Nerve blocks may be used before, during, or after an operation. There are many types of nerve blocks. They are named for the part of the body where the doctor injects the anesthetic. Your doctor (or anesthesiologist or nurse anesthetist) may inject these medicines into more than one place in your body to give you the most pain relief. For a broken hip, injections are often given around the hip and groin area. What are the benefits of using a nerve block? Some research shows that nerve blocks used before, during, or after an an operation may ease short-term pain more than the usual treatment of opioid or NSAID pain medication. Nerve blocks may help you avoid “delirium,” or confusion and cloudy thinking, which can be caused by pain or by opioid pain medicines. Are there any side effects from using a nerve block? Researchers cannot say if nerve blocks cause more or less side effects than other treatments for the pain from a broken hip. Traction is a treatment where a part of the body is pulled into a certain position. Traction is usually used before an operation. There have been only a few studies on traction. They show that traction before an operation does not help relieve pain more than using pain medicines alone, but there is not enough research to know for sure. Traction may be needed for reasons other than pain. We do not know if using both traction and medicines for pain increases your risks of serious side effects compared to taking only medicines. Acupressure, muscle-relaxation therapy, and neurostimulation (TENS) Although some studies show that these methods might help, there is not enough research to say if these options can lessen pain from a broken hip. These therapies can be used before or after an operation. What is acupressure? “Acupressure” is when a trained therapist presses on specific parts of the body to relieve pain in other body parts. What is muscle-relaxation therapy? “Muscle-relaxation therapy” involves breathing and relaxation routines to reduce muscle tension. What is neurostimulation? “Neurostimulation,” also known as “TENS,” involves giving small amounts of electricity to excite the nerves around the painful area. Will acupressure, muscle-relaxation therapy, or TENS help relieve my pain? Doctors do not know if the pain from your broken hip will be improved or relieved by acupressure, relaxation therapy, or TENS more than by medicines like opioid and NSAID medicines. What are the risks of acupressure, muscle-relaxation therapy, and TENS? There is not enough research to say if these options have any risks or can cause any side effects for people with a broken hip. Making a decision Ask your doctor - Which options do you think are best to manage my pain? - How quickly can I expect relief from my pain? - How long do you think I will need to manage my pain? - Are you concerned about side effects from any of these options? The information in this guide comes from the report Pain Management Interventions for Hip Fracture. It was produced by the University of Alberta Evidence-based Practice Center through funding by the Agency for Healthcare and Research Quality (AHRQ). For a copy of the report or for more information about AHRQ and the Effective Health Care Program, go to www.effectivehealthcare.ahrq.gov/hippain.cfm. This summary was prepared by the John M. Eisenberg Center for Clinical Decisions and Communications Science at Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX. It was written by Diane Markesich, Ph.D., Thomas Workman, Ph.D., Michael Heggeness, M.D., and Michael Fordis, M.D. Illustrations were created by Douglas Alexander. Patients with fractured hips reviewed this summary.Return to Top of Page
My husband and I thought Nan did an awesome job. Everything was perfect. The flowers were absolutely beautiful. It couldn’t have been any better. I would highly recommend their services to anyone. Thanks again Nan for the wonderful job you did for our renewal. –Susan and Scott Allen Words cannot express how beautiful our wedding on Meagan’s Beach was. Thank you so much for making it so beautiful and memorable !!! Love our pictures, thank you again for all your amazing work! –Deanna and Mac Nan and her staff went over and above anything we could have ever expected. The wedding was absolutely beautiful. Every detail was covered and we couldn’t be more pleased. I would recommend Magical Weddings and Events for everyone planning a destination wedding. Many Many Thanks! –Gail and Bjorn Magical Weddings & Events, LLC created such a beautiful beach wedding that had my guests complimenting me until the very next day. From the color scheme, to the transportation, to the beach set up….everything was on point. Ingenuity was obviously displayed for this ceremony. The guests’ pin-ons had sand dollars on them. It was a creative touch to a beach-themed wedding. Overall, I was satisfied with the services provided as well as the outcome of my wedding at the day’s end. –Joia and Julien Maduro The service I received was phenomenal!! Every bit of detail was handled promptly and professionally. The response time was excellent. Nan went above and beyond my expectations! My experience is a memorable one and I will be talking about it the rest of my life. –Jean and Felix Landin Nan, Henry and I want to thank you so much for everything. Our wedding was so beautiful and so very special. Thank you, thank you! –Tina and Henry Degan
The Palm Treo 700p, the announcement of which we covered earlier this week, is the latest in Palm’s long Treo line of smartphones. Available by the end of this month, the Treo 700p is Palm’s fastest PalmOS-based Treo yet, and brings a number of new features and benefits to the table. The Treo 700p joins it’s Windows Mobile-based cousin, the Treo 700w, the Treo 700p will be available from either Verizon Wireless or Sprint, and we here at Digital Lifestyle Magazine have been given the opportunity to take Palm’s new baby for a ride. The Palm Treo 700p differs slightly from the Treo 700w. Both devices run on Intel XScale processors @ 312 MHz and contain 128 MB of internal memory, of which 60 MB is accessible to the user. Both devices feature the same QWERTY thumb keyboard, top row of buttons are different; the Treo 700w sports a Send and Windows key on the left side of the directional pad and an OK and End Call key to the right, while the Treo 700p sports a Send and Organizer key to the left of the D-Pad and a Mail and Home key to the right. The two Treos are encased in what appears to be very similar cases, as both measure 4.4″ x 2.3″ x 0.9″, and both devices both devices include a 1.3 megapixel digital camera with 2x zoom, 800/1900 MHz CDMA bands, 1x EV-DO capabilities, Bluetooth capabilities, and support for SDIO, SD, and MMC cards. In addition to the differences noted in the top row of buttons, the devices differ quite a bit in other ways as well. Most obviously is the difference in operating system; the Treo 700w is running Microsoft Windows Mobile 5.0, while the 700p is instead running Palm’s own PalmOS v5.4.9. The screens on the two devices are different. The Treo 700p includes a 320 x 320, 16-bit-color TFT touch screen, but because Windows Mobile 5.0 doesn’t support that resolution, the Treo 700w instead has a 240 x 240, 16-bit-color TFT touchscreen. Also, the Treo 700p gets slightly better talk time than the 700w (4.5 hours for the 700w vs. 4.7 hours for the 700p), but most users probably won’t notice the 12 minute difference in battery life. The standby time, however, is better on the Treo 700w, (15 days for the 700w vs. 12.5 days for the 700p). The Treo 700p’s immediate predecessor, the Treo 650, has its own set of similarities and difference. Again, both devices run on Intel’s XScale architecture @ 312 MHz; however, the Treo 650 only contains 32 MB of internal memory, of which 23 MB is user-accessible. Both phone support Bluetooth; however, the Treo 650 uses the older 1.1 specification, which the 700p includes the 1.2 specification. The camera in the Treo 650 is much less advanced than the 700p’s, being only a 0.3 megapixel camera, and thus takes smaller images (640×480 on the 650 vs. 1280×1024 on the 700p). Finally, the biggest feature that the 650 lacks is EV-DO support, meaning that the 650 cannot access the high-bandwidth speeds that the 700p can. There are two schools of thought I would use when making my purchasing decision. In my opinion, there’s no reason to buy the Treo 650 unless you’re on a budget; the features on the other two phones simply blows the 650 out of the water. If you’re looking for a smartphone that has a look and feel similar to what you might be used to from your home computer, or you want a phone that is compatible with Microsoft applications and formats, then your best bet would be the Treo 700w; the screen might not be as high-res and the battery might not be quite as long-lived, but you get Windows compatibility and a common interface that most people know and understand well. If you’re a PalmOS fan, or Windows-compatibility isn’t required or desired, then go with the 700p; the device packs all the hardware features of the 700w while being slightly newer and sporting a faster operating system. Also, if you’re a Mac user, then the 700p (or the 650 if you’re budget-minded) is your best best, as it will work with OS X right out of the box, while the 700w will not. So, based on this information, I would be inclined to go with the Treo 700p. Next, we’ll take a look at the guts of the new PalmOS 5.4.9 and show you what’s new, what’s changed, and what to expect. We’ll also take a brief glimpse at Sprint’s Treo 700p offering and the services offered as part of the Treo 700p Sprint plan, such as Sprint’s EV-DO and Power Vision packages.
Operation and controls The LX3 continues the LX tradition of offering full photographic control with minimal need for diving into the menus. It's not quite as DSLR-like in its controls as the Panasonic G1 or recent Ricohs but once you're familiar with when to waggle the joystick and when to press it, you can get pretty quick at changing shooting settings. Rear of camera The back of the LX3 is a busy place with a slider, joystick, four-way controller and a smattering of buttons. The upside is that there is fairly direct access to most important settings (there's even a customizable function button), but it's difficult not to conclude that there might be an easier way to do things. It's interesting to compare the LX3's control system with that of Panasonic's new G1. The G1 has a control dial/button, rather than the LX3's joystick/button so might logically seem to have fewer controls to play with, yet the whole thing works in a much more straightforward manner and is much easier to acclimatize to. The LX3 is by no means bad but the G1 suggests that it might be time to look again at the simplest way of working, rather than adding to the way things have previously been done. Top of camera |The LX3's body is slim but both the lens and grip protrude enough for it to only fit in larger pockets. It's still a fairly svelte piece of kit, though.| Display and menus The LX3's menu system has remained pretty well laid-out but, like so many other contemporary cameras, is beginning to become overloaded with the number of options. The setup tab of the menu (pleasantly consistent between playback and record mode), has 26 options spread over 6 pages, which will take quite some remembering. Thankfully, most key settings are accessible either directly using their own buttons, or by pressing the joystick to enter the 'Quick menu.'
Dollar Extends Gains vs. Euro Supported by Economic Recovery The U.S. extended its gains against the euro for the fifth consecutive day after the reports showed that the retail sales and the consumer confidence in the U.S. increased while the debt troubles in the European Union cause concern about the future of the common European currency. The retail sales in the U.S. increased by 0.4 percent, more than expected, following the March growth of 2.1 percent. According to the estimates of the University of Michigan the consumer sentiment also improved. The reports show that the U.S. consumers are able and willing to spend their moneys, supporting the optimistic outlook for the economic recovery in the U.S. and the dollar’s growth. At the same time the euro faces the considerable difficulties. While the rumors about the President of France threatening to leave the euro were dismissed, the talks emerged about the possibility of the ejection from the euro for the countries with the weak economies so they wouldn’t pull the whole EU economy down with them. Some economists say that parity between the dollar and the euro by the end of this year doesn’t sound unrealistic. EUR/USD traded near 1.2383 today as of 19:44 GMT after it opened at 1.2534. GBP/USD traded at about 1.4541 down from its opening rate of 1.4612. If you have any questions, comments or opinions regarding the US Dollar, feel free to post them using the commentary form below. Earlier News About the US Dollar: - Dollar Rises Against Euro as Debt Concerns Return (2010-05-11) - U.S. Dollar Rally Was Halted by Week's End (2010-05-08) - Euro Rises vs. Dollar, Yet Rebound Considered Short-Term (2010-05-07) - Greenback Advances Against Loonie on Greece's Woes (2010-05-05) - Dollar Rises as U.S. Economy Improves (2010-05-03)
|Size||# of Diapers||Baby Weight||Unit Price||Price| |1||276||8 - 14 lbs (4 - 6 kg)||$0.17||$45.99| |2||246||12 - 18 lbs (5 - 8 kg)||$0.19||$45.99| |3||222||16 - 28 lbs (7 - 13 kg)||$0.21||$45.99| |4||192||22-37 lbs (10-17 kg)||$0.24||$45.99| |5||172||27+ lbs (12+ kg)||$0.27||$45.99| |6||140||35+ lbs (16+ kg)||$0.33||$45.99| Baby-Dry diapers with Caterpillar-Flex expand and contract as your child breathes, digests, and moves throughout the night to help sleep go undisturbed. We're sorry! This item does not qualify for free samples during Sample Month. My sons have always done well with pampers. Very few leaks and overnight is dry. Love the fast and free delivery. My kids are comfortable with pampers and they are pampers baby..Its so nice to order online which saves me lots of time. We're a Pampers family, love the product, pampers are comfy and the top of the line for absorbency. Especially love that you can order online for a very affordable price :) Economy size are best valvue for the dollar. The free shipping plus at your door delivery i an excellent bonus. As for the actual diaper tried and true ,excellent product I love theses for my little girl! They are softer and I find that it is very absorbent. I prefer these over Huggies because of the softness. My little one seems more comfortable too and that's all I need to know. Well makes it so easy to buy with such efficient delivery. As always, a great product from a great company, Well.ca! Thank you for your fabulous customer service! Love these diapers! With my little guy moving more and more, I find that they truly do have a great fit and hold everything in, especially that they can last for 12 hours! Price is great and diaper absorbs pee really well. Not so great with liquidy stools but not sure if any diaper really is. The service from Well.ca is exceptional: goods delivered on time and great customer service. great quality but when you mentioned it is free shipping usually it is not free shipping to our area in northern quebec. I tried other brands recently because they were a little cheaper, however, my baby ended up getting a diaper rash that I could not get rid of and they leaked through.....So I ordered Pampers again because I was tired of the cheap brands, after one day of using Pampers, the diaper rash cleared up and I haven't had the problem since. It will only be Pampers from now on for me and my baby:) My go to brand at my favorite online diaper seller! Thanks Well.ca you rock! Great buy at 0.19 per unit. Pampers diapers are nice and soft on my baby girl. Love pampers diapers. They are the only one's I use. Great service from well.ca. They deliver to my front door so quickly. Thanks! Pampers Baby dry is the only use on my little one. keeps my daughter dry even during the night. My son/daughter in law sure enjoyed being stocked up with the diapers from Well.ca, Pampers Diapers and other items. It is great when they are all on sale and delivery made at no cost...Looking forward to doing more business with your company and thanks for your help along the way..... Great diaper. BUT size 2 baby dry is the same size as size 1 swaddlers. I bought a huge case only to find out they are too small. I tried Huggies but it's much more harder this Product is soft and I like it This product works so well with my 6 months old son. He doesn't get diaper rash even if I don't put any cream every time I change him. It arrived at expected date. Thanks! Oh I just love this pampers baby dry..it really works... :) I never tempt to try any other brands...Pampers is the best for my baby :) I refuse to buy another brand for my son because I have tried many and they have all leaked! Excellent diaper, plus the Gifts to Grow program from Pampers for added incentive gifts. This is the biggest package of diapers I know of and is not usually available in retail stores in my area. My kids love the Sesame Street characters and it actually streamlines diaper change time! Pampers Baby Dry diapers are awesome!! I love this product for my baby, no leakage and keeps the wetness away from her bottom. Great product, Great Price and awesome delivery time. I couldnt believe how fast it came! right to my door! that was just what a busy mom needs! Love this product! These diapers absorb for 12+ hours, and with this size of pack, I don't feel like I'm always running out of diapers. We find the sizing a little off though . . . our baby has been able to stay in a smaller sizes for a few pounds beyond the size range, and I feel like this is when the diapers fit him the best. Love these dipes. They rarely leak and they fit my chubby boy really well. I love Pampers Baby Dry! Best diaper for my son, He doesn't leak through these as he did in the Huggies Snug & Dry. Great price and well.ca has quick and efficient delivery. I love that they can be left at the door!! Definitely be buying from well.ca for my boxes of diapers. THANKS SO MUCH well.ca the only problem I find is that even though they are supposed to be "baby dry" they don't keep baby dry for very long. they don;t live up to the name. love the baby dry diapers, i find they work great during the day. my daughter wears them with no problem of accidents. :) I love this product i will always use pampers and i have all my friends with babies using them to .. my son sleeps 12 hours straight every night and he is 6 months and the baby dry diapers last all night with no leaks... and we love that we can get coupons for them from P&G brandsavers.com Awesome! Love pampers baby dry. And well.ca has the fastest shipping around. This product is great because it hold in the leaks, LAST for 12 hours and comes at a great price with the large box and the Baby Club option from Well.ca! Great diapers! I love the blue strip-especially helpful for nana and papa! Wonderful to have them arrive so quickly after ordering too! The most economical package of diapers. Baby dry last my baby the whole night. Love the baby dry. My son can go all night without being changed -which is great for both of us!! Having diapers delivered to your doorstep is amazing, especially when you're on maternity leave! I purchased a few huge boxes of Pampers from your company for my daughter in law, her baby born Oct. 5, and she just loves them. She used Pampers for her first child, 8 yrs ago. I will be watching for specials coming on diapers to send to them. Thank you for the free delivery and excellent products. She also likes the Born Free bottles I got on sale from you... Diapers delivered to my doorstep?! these are the things mothers dream of! This is my third baby to diaper and I have always found pampers to be superior over the competition! My sweet baby girl has no leaks through her 12HR nights sleep and we all wake up happy! THANKS PAMPERS AND WELL.CA!! I love that these can keep babies skin dry for up to 12 hours. My 8 week old is already sleeping 10 hours, so it's nice to know that I don't need to worry about her delicate skin through the night. Pampers are my fav. diaper!! They not only smell nice but they work best for my babies :) love these diapers and won't use any other..they are leak proof and my baby boy is a huge eater and they have never let me down. it is really good price when they offer you with the special discount. Also, well.ca offer free shipping all the time even this big item, I really love this, and I think you will for sure if you ever tried to carry these big item in your small car. I love how easy it is to order diapers from Well.ca! When you have a little one and you're carting big boxes of diapers through a store, it gets difficult. Then you have to take them out of the car, etc. Having them come straight to my door with free shipping is a bonus! love getting great deals on bulk products. Pampers are great diapers. with my twins we have to buy large or were always running out! These are the only diapers that I find are leak-proof and comfortable. Most brands feel like paper, but Pampers are amazingly soft and flexible! Great price , big box, and delivered right to your door. What more is there for a busy mom who doesn't drive. Thanks Well.ca!! I love these Pampers BabyDry diapers. No leaks, no diaper rash and the economy size is just right. Well.ca is very fast, efficient and has great prices. The gift card during the diaper extraganza was a nice bonus as well! With twin babies, the larger box of diapers comes in handy - best way to buy in bulk! I found that Huggies brand diapers leaks and Pampers diapers rarely leak. Well.ca shipped very quickly. Great service! Prefer Pampers over other brands that I have tried for my 2-month old girl, they fit well and doesn't leak as easily. Great product selection, fast delivery to your door, no hassel. A great service for busy Mom's to have a great assortment of baby product to choose from. The FREEGIFT is just an added bonus. I will shop here again! Great deals on well.ca, we are a pampers only family too, so to find them at such a price, boo-yah! Can not do better than WELL. Great price, fast deelivery and free ..... no need to drive to get your Pampers. My son grew on Pampers and now my little princess The prices compare to the generic brands (which leak way too often) at our local stores, and delivery was hassle free. I really like that there's no shipping charge so I don't feel pressured into purchasing more at once just to save on shipping. Pampers have always been the best choice for us! And you can't beat this price! This deal might not have been as cheap as say, Walmart. But it certainly was a good deal when I bought it under a wag jag promo with a $20 off. Preferred diaper brand. I have found with both my kids that the diaper rashes have been minimally because of the absorbancy. No difference with girl or boy babies, pampers does well with either sex. I have learned my lesson from trying other brands and don't buy any other than Pampers! The best diaper for babies 6mos+. Would love it more if the price is cheaper. Love this product! Great price, easy shipping method and with the Baby Club, you get an even better deal! Better than all the other brand... I try them all and Pampers are the only ones that keeps my baby dry all night long! Love this product, definitely a "Pampers" only family....fits best on baby with minimal leaks. Price on Well.ca is competitive with local stores and most often better. Free shipping to my doorstep is incredibly convenient and very quick. This Momma is happy not having to lug around large boxes of diapers from a store to home anymore. Incredible deal! I've been telling all go my friends to join this website if only for this deal (of course I boast about the hundreds of other deals here too!). Great fit, perfect price and I love the fact that the diapers are broken down into the pr diaper price...you know exactly what you're spending! The shipping is free and it comes straight to my house...with twins here, I really couldn't ask for more! Best diapers fit my baby. no leaks. I am also happy with the price and delivery option offered by well.ca Love Pampers....Loved purchasing from this site too...got the diapers delivered 2 days later right to the door, no need to get out and go shopping! Great fit for my son, we have had some leaky diapers but that's expected... Great diapers - only ones that work for my daughter and last through the night. I really like these diapers and rarely have leaks. When well.ca has a sale on these diapers, it is the best price I've found. I really love getting them delivered directly to my door from well.ca!! Always loved Pampers. However sometimes they do leak... not as bad as previous Huggies I used though. They would never hold enough! Love this super box for storing things once no longer filled with diapers and the quick home delivery free of charge from Well.ca is a HUGE bonus! I never run into a store to fight over the last box of diapers anymore! These were the only diapers that baby didn't leak out of. Tried huggies, Kirkland and pampers swaddlers and none of them worked. Also love getting diapers delivered to the door. awesome diapers and awesome service! diapers always show up in a few short days! Love Well.ca and have been recommending it to all my friends for the best value for diapers in town! Definitely our favourite brand of diaper - easy to use, snug fit helps prevent leaks, and very absorbent for nighttime. Well.ca has great prices and the free shipping is so convenient! Consistently the best value for money. I can't find pampers anywhere else at this price point (and they deliver for free). I'll never buy diapers from anywhere else. Love buying diapers through well.ca, price is great, shipping is free and it saves so much hassle! I absolutely LOVE Pampers diapers. They are by far my favorite brand. Shopping on Well.ca was so convenient and easy. The diapers were delivered right to my door in a few days. It saves me from having to bundle the baby and go out and buy them. Great product and value! Lowest price I have ever found! Delivered right to your door within days, would never buy diapers anywhere else! Great product and value! Lowest price I have ever found! Delivered right to your door within days, would never buy diapers anywhere else! Great deal and I use them for diaper cakes for all my friends and family having babies. Awesome deal! as grandparents, its nice to give a good product to our grand-babies that is useful, very effective and at a great price! Great product and the BEST price anywhere. I have a toddler and twins newborn boys and I am always on the hunt for a good deal - this is it! Pampers are the only brand we use and we use a lot of diapers. Fast shipping (3 business days to GTA). Perfect gift for a baby shower - so useful for a new member of the family! These diapers hold VERY well, no problems! :-). Great price for the huge box and awesome delivery! Only small item, is that the colour of the mid-point hash marks on the diaper to position your baby, are the same colour as my breastfed babies poo! lol. So when I check, it looks like some has spilled out, but it really hasn't. We use washable diapers at home, but Pampers overnight and on the road. This large box has lasted us all summer. We've never had any leak issues with this size. I love these diapers and that the sizes overlap. Makes it easy to move to the next size. Also, ordering them in the super-large box is fantastic. I love pampers diapers, and I love this bigger box even more because with 2 kids using the same diaper size, a smaller box gets empty too fast! bought when it was special. Good and you can save money and time when it is special. Recommend it it is very good price for me, I love it very much, hope more this promotion these diapers are really good, they fit good, dont leak and keep baby dry all night. also really happy with the web site delivery is fast and very convienient. These are our favorite diapers. We've found they fit our skinny kids better than anything else out there. i love pampers..I used them with my son and with another one on the way.I knew I would use pampers again:)...this was my first purchase on well.ca and will for sure be shopping here often...great prices and super fast delivery...thanks again!!!! Doesn't absorb all the way with boys, but I have yet to find a diaper that does Pampers have always been the preferred brand for our little family. They have consistently proven a reliable barricade to most calls of nature from "light wind with some precipitation' to 'severe storm damage and flooding with debris'. Love pampers over any other brand on the market. Great customer service and a willingness to fix a problem with no questions or hassle. Love this product! Great size, and keeps baby dry, esp so at night! Also love that I can get it shipped without having to go to the store. Pampers Baby Dry diapers aren't lying when they say 12 hour protection...really great product! Baby Dry Diapers are good value. They are not easily available in the biggest size at other places. They are soft for kids and above all, don't leak :) I find these diapers great for those over night sleeps. They hold up real well. no leaks. This is my 5th or 6th box of pampers i have bought ... great diapers and great prices .. Great diapers, size of box, value and free delivery! What more can you ask for? My son (2 mts) just started size 3, but it has a yellow sun on the back that is the same colour as my sons poop, so every time I see this out of the corner of my eye I think "oh no he leaked!" but it's just the yellow sun. =P How can you go wrong with this? Pampers is all I use, and to get a big box at such a great price is fantastic!!! Great quality, great price! Great diapers. We've tried the others, but have found that for our kids the Pampers just seem to work best. They surpress the odour of urine better than some of the others and they also are less likely to leak. Will always use Pampers! They're great! Well.ca has them for a great price and the free delivery is even better. I order all my diapers from Well.ca because having a family of 5 means no room in the shopping cart for big boxes of diapers. The home delivery is super convenient. These don't give my dd diaper rash like some others. They rarely leak (a few times at night but not often). We don't buy anything else. Pampers work well for my little guy. No leaks. I love well.ca service, easy to deal with. I love the Baby Dry diapers. I tried Cruisers, but these fit just as well, no leaks, and much better price than Cruisers. These are the best diapers, I just love these as they are soft, don't leak, and are a great value. The service is great, quick shipping and saves me time, no need to go and pick these up at the store. great diapers! never have any leaking problems with them and fast delivery is great for busy moms! I alway's use these and i think they're very good, i've never really had a problem with them and they are always on offer in boots so you definitley getting value for money Are you kidding me? I dare anyone to beat the price. And free delivery is a Godsend for Mom's on-the-go. Love, love, love. I absolutely loved the size I could purchase on well.ca, can't get that size any where else. Also I find the customer service and shipping to be excellent. Will definitely keep using well.ca in future. Pampers are our preferred diaper. Love the little line that tells us the level of wetness! As usual, well.ca provided prompt shipping. I'll recommend this service/ company to all my friends! This is the only diaper that can get my boy through the night without waking up to a wet bed :) Awesome!! I love the big box with how many you get. But when I switched from a size 1 to a 2, I notice that they tend to leak more out the backside. Still love 'em though! swaddlers much softer. my baby is a 2 in swaddlers, 3 in baby dry. bought them for overnite - don't find they are any better - i prefer swaddlers Swaddlers are softer on the inside, but baby dry seems less bulky. Size 3 fit my son longer than other size 3 brands. I was a 1st time buyer on well.ca, I loved that is was such a large package and came with a bonus g/c. The product was great and the shipping was super quick, I will be a repeat buyer. A++ :) We've tried different brands and lines of diapers in the last 28 months and have to agree that Pampers Baby Dry is the best. it's soft and baby feels comfy. It would be a 5* if it's not that pricey! Love them! We tried other brands but my baby boy leaked out of every other kind! They unfold very nicely when you put them on as well which becomes very important when your baby starts to move! Love Pampers, love getting themdelivered right to the door; boxes thisbig don't fit in te cart along with 3 kiddos! These diapers work just fine but beware of the sizing! I was a Pampers Swaddlers user, and bought the same size in Baby Dry, for night time etc because the price is better. The Baby Dry size is much smaller. You might want to size up if you are doing the same. I got this pack on sale and with free shipping, best price for the diapers that I got in a long while pampers are good, but i like huggies better. pampers get full much faster and feel wet on the outside. After trying numerous other diapers we have found these to be the very best for overnights. We have a very active 3 month old and nothing has ever leaked out despite being very full! On our second box now and she still loves them! LOVE Papmer's Baby Dry, a much better diaper compaired to Swaddlers. I use them all day long. Love love love pampers brand ! Well.ca allows me to get what I need for my baby in the fastest and most efficient way. Great product. Highly recommended :) Have used this brand since day one and baby stays dry. Soft, absorbs great and are good through the night. Love ordering and they arrive at my house in days and a great value frome well.ca This is the second time i have purchased diapers through well.ca and more than the fact that the price is awesome, i love the quick and efficient service provided by them! I will definitely purchase more items through them just for the convenience of it all :-) I quite liked this large box of Pamper's Diapers for my first child. Purchased size one initially, now opted for size two as per my baby's growing needs. In both of the scenarios the free delivery and the prompt service from 'well.ca' has won my heart. Also I like to make a mention of the eco - friendly packing is a fantastic idea to care about our surrounding. Good job ! Shall continue to shop more from Well.ca. I LOVE papmers baby dry, it seems to be the only diaper that can keep my son's bum dry without leaking all over the place. Buying the big box helps me make sure I don't run out of diapers too quickly for a great price! Everything about this went smooth. Love the free delivery, love the gigantic box (bought sz 4 pampers) and this is definitely the best diaper deal I've ever seen. I don't get too lucky to get a great deal shopping in stores, but, this is hands down a great price and a nice mega pack! Will definitely be buying my next box from well.ca, great experience! I love Pampers. I love them even more when they are delivered to my door. Thanks well.ca!! I love Pampers Baby Dry. Good absorption. Soft. Great price when it's on sale and speedy delivery from Well! Thank you. Good diaper... It keeps everything in! When baby is having explosive no 2 just go up a size until the no 2 settles. Same great diapers I always buy but in a MUCH more convenient size and at a MUCH lower price! These can hold a lot! Worked the best for both my daughter and son without costing a fortune. Store brand ones leaked and some are not very soft. The more expensive ones are not worth the extra cost. Pampers Baby Dry is just right. Also, best price per diaper with this large box, especially when on sale. This is a great product at the affordable prices! Good job well.ca. ........ I looooove pampers, i wore them as a baby and my daughter now wears them. I also live the gifts to grow points! I will continue to purchase pampers for my lil one till shes potty trained : ) Great product and such a reasonable price. I love the conveniece of having it shipped to your home for free. Love the amount for such a great price! And bonus it is shipped right to my door so fast!! I love this product--it's the only brand I use. And Well.ca is so convenient. I ordered my diapers on a Monday and they arrived on my doorstep the NEXT day! Awesome! I'm somewhat disappointed with this brand of pampers. My son is 5 weeks old and we have used only pampers swaddlers until I recently ordered pampers baby dry (largest box, which is fantastic that they offer now) I thought I would try the baby dry after reading such great reviews. The first thing I noticed is that the sizes are different when comparing the size 1 swaddlers and baby dry diapers. The baby dry diapers are noticabley smaller and can barely fit my son. I'm not sure if this would be the reason why the baby dry diapers always leak when my son has a bowel movement. It's very frustrating and I've had to spend a lot of time washing my son’s clothes. I now have over 200 baby dry diapers and had to purchase swaddlers again. I use the baby dry diapers at home and when going out I use the swaddlers. On a side note... I'm very impressed with Well.ca and the speedy free delivery! These diapers are the best- loved the attentiveness of Well.ca and speedy (and free) shipping- thanks! Great value! fast and convienient shipping! Pampers is the way to go for babies who are on the go or known for blowouts! Pampers is the only brand I will buy These are the only diapers that keep my twins dry all day and night! Before I started using them, I was changing sheets constantly. Not any more! Love that they show up on my doorstep too :) Excellent deal - thank you. I also love the straight to my door shipping - so convenient. I love these, I've never had a single blowout. They always fit right and my babe has such a tiny little bum sometimes it's hard to find diaper that are proportioned properly. And you really can't beat the price! We've always used Pampers diapers after trying other brands and having them always leak. We've never had a problem with Pampers! Great product! I only wish they had any other prints than just sesame street characters. My family is absolutely indifferent to them. And it's not like they have to invent something - we bought Pampers in Europe and they had an adorable farm animals prints. Why can't we have them here in Canada?! I've occasionally tried other cheaper brands but always end up with "leakers". I find going one size up in pampers does the trick. I'm brand loyal... once I find something good PLUS great value shopping at well.ca. We love these diapers! We have been using the 'Baby Dry' diapers since our son was born, and are thrilled by how they work. We have yet to have issues with any serious leakage, even overnight!
Algonquin Provincial Park Algonquin Park was formed in 1893. Its original primary purpose was as a timber reserve designed to keep forest-clearing settlers out of valuable timber lands. Preservation was only a secondary purpose. In 1896, lumber baron J.R. Booth completed the Ottawa, Arnpriror & Parry Sound railway (OA & PS) through the southern portion of the park. Though designed to haul timber logs out of the park, it allowed the vast expanse of Algonquin to be opened up for tourism. Highway 60 was completed in 1933, further opening the Park to visitors. The OA & PS railway was abandoned in 1947; logging was now becoming a tertiary purpose of the park. Throughout the 1960s, the number of visitors to the park increased exponentially. Organized campgrounds were created and/or expanded. Today, Algonquin is primarily a nature reserve, although logging, including limited clearcutting, continues. Algonquin's landscape consists of numerous small lakes (with a couple large ones, such as Lake Opeongo), rock outcroppings and rolling hills. Marshes and large swamps are scattered throughout the park, and can provide excellent wildlife viewing.  Flora and fauna The Algonquin forest is actually not boreal, as most believe, but a mixture of deciduous and coniferous trees. This means that an increased biodiversity occurs. Though deer were once prominent throughout the park, the moose has largely replaced them. Moose frequently stand by the side of provincial Highway 60, eating swamp grasses in spring and summer, and can be seen licking salt off the roads in winter. Moose are the only large animal most people are likely to encounter. Many people may stumble across a spruce grouse on a trail in the early morning. These birds believe their camouflage is invincible, and you could get as close as 30 centimetres. There are small wolf and lynx populations in the isolated portions of the park. Some bears are known in the park. Algonquin lakes have sizable fish populations, but fishing is regulated in all lakes. Not all of Algonquin's plants and animals are one you would like to have around you. In the southern reaches of the park (Below Highway 60), poison ivy is widespread. Be careful when bushwacking. From late April to Early June, the dreaded Blackfly is very active. These small insects will bite a chunk of skin off in order to get to the blood. They are known for their tendency to bite around the eyes, and occasionally an unfortunate human has to deal with a blackfly that has gone into the eye. Once the blackflies die off, they are replaced by mosquitoes. Both blackflies and mosquitoes can be easily fended off with DEET insect repellent. Algonquin is not quite part of Northern Ontario, but it shares the typical climate for its region. Springtime in Algonquin is likely to be cool and wet. The summer climate of Algonquin is not uniform. Daily highs could range from 16°C to over 30. In summer, it can be humid throughout June and July, yet the humidity tapers off around August. During autumn, it is cool and dry. The winters are guaranteed to be snowy, cold and harsh. Be sure to plan for the weather you are likely to face.  Get in There are only a few ways to get into Algonquin Park. The most obvious is by vehicle, via Highway 60. There are numerous places where you can leave your car while you enjoy either Algonquin's back country or the Highway 60 corridor. Algonquin can also be accessed by canoe, from various access points around the park. A less common way to get into Algonquin is by aeroplane. The only airfield is in the northern community of Brent, so if you are getting in by air your vehicle will most likely be a float plane capable of landing on water. A permit is required to use the park's facilities. A daily permit costs $16, and it is good for only one day. An Ontario Parks season's pass costs $80, but can be used unlimited times at any provincial park in Ontario. If you plan on camping, either in an organized campground or a canoe/hike-in campsite, a campsite permit is required. These cost $22 for one day. For fishing, a fishing permit is required. These are issued by the Ontario Ministry of natural resources. They can be obtained at some locations in Algonquin. Costs for these permits fluctuate.  Get around If you are exploring the Highway 60 corridor, the best way to get around is by vehicle. Some people use bicycles as well, and some even walk; but this is not recommended. Away from the corridor, the only way to get around most of the time is by canoe. Algonquin has an extensive canoe route system, with many portages and campsites. Be sure to obtain a canoe route map before you depart. [add listing] See There are many natural and historic sites in the Park. No trip to Algonquin is complete without seeing the abandoned OA & PS railroad bed, which is not only fascinating in itself but also passes by some interesting sites (abandoned train stations, logging depots, bridges, even the remains of a train derailment from the 1930s). The Brent Crater and Barron Canyon are both off of provincial highway 17, which runs north of the park. They will provide a fascinating hike. [add listing] Do [add listing] Buy There is a gift shop in the Visitor's centre, but beyond that there is not much to buy in Algonquin Park. The Portage, Two Rivers and Opeongo stores provide camping, canoeing and other outfitting equipment. All stores tend to be overpriced, but you can occasionally find a good deal. [add listing] Eat There is a cafeteria in the Visitor's Centre, but the food is expensive and not of amazing quality. The store at Lake of Two Rivers campground offers "fast food" type meals and ice cream. The Portage Store on canoe lake has dine-in and take out food as well as a small convenience store and ice cream retailer. If you are staying overnight in Algonquin, it is highly recommended (and often necessary) that you bring your own food. You can cook over a fire (a fire-pit is provided in every campsite) or a lightweight camping stove (which you must provide). Please remember that glass bottles and cans are prohibited in all parts of the park, except for organized campgrounds. This ban applies to day visitors as well. There are three lodges in the park that offer meals, Arowhon, Killarney, and Bartlett Lodge, all accessible from Route 60. Meals are expensive but worth it. Reservations suggested. [add listing] Drink As always, remember that glass bottles and cans (soda cans as well) are banned in the park. Should drinks be packaged in such containers, pour them into a re-usable plastic bottle. It is highly recommended that you not drink straight out of the lakes. Bacteria and parasites are present. This is especially true for bogs and rivers. Prior to drinking the water, bring it to a full boil for 5 minutes or pass it through a filter. [add listing] Sleep In the park, it is most likely that you will be staying on a campsite. Remember, camping requires a permit which can be obtained at any Park office. Leaving the Frank MacDougall Parkway zone where there is organized development, the chief reason for visiting Algonquin is accessing the park interior. There are 2000 km of canoeing routes in 7725 square kilometers of park. Located on the southern edge of the Canadian Shield, there are thousands of lakes and streams. All of the canoe routes involved portaging from lake to lake or stream. Portages range from 2 meters to 5 kilometers, averaging 500 meters. There are 29 entry points to interior routes. Portages are well maintained and marked with a yellow sign at each end. Camping is only permitted at designated Interior campsites. Each is marked by an orange sign. There are also 13 historic ranger cabins that can be rented in the interior. Loons and Mergansers are common on most lakes. Moose are occasional seen. Beaver and otters are fairly common. Both black bear and wolves live in the interior but are rarely seen. A detailed map of the Canoe Routes of Algonquin Provincial Park is published by the friends of Algonquin Park and widely available. An interior permit is required for camping in the interior. The current fee is $11.75 per person per night. A reservation fee of $9 is also charged. Many of the popular routes are heavily used and should be reserved in advance. When reserving a trip, you will need to specify the entry and exit points and where you plan to camp each night. Each campsite is limited to 9 persons. Reservations may be made 5 months in advance. For trip planning, call the Algonquin Park Information Office at 705-633-5572. For reservations, call 1-888-668-7275. There are 3 backpacking trails, the Uplands, the Highland and the Eastern Pines backpacking trails, all accessed from Hywy 60. A brochure, Backpacking Trails of Algonquin Provincial Park is available. There are three lodges in the park offering both resort-type lodging and meals. Arowhon Pines is located on Joe Lake off Hwy 60 at Km 15. Its central log dining room is a romantic place to eat. Killarney Lodge is located on Lake of Two Rivers, featuring both cabins and dining. Bartlett Lodge on Cache Lake is located on an island and reached by lodge ferry. There are both cabins and fine dining.  Stay safe It is imperative that you obtain a canoe map prior to venturing out into Algonquin by canoe. Wandering into the Algonquin wilderness without a map is absolute suicide, unless you are very familiar with the park (i.e., you know Algonquin like the back of your hand). Be sure that when staying on a campsite, there are no dead trees in danger of falling. However, all campsites are dutifully maintained and the risk of being crushed by a falling tree is very, very low. Remember also that logging still occurs in Algonquin. Logging trucks rumble up and down backcountry roads which are not shown on the map. If you come across a road that is not on the map, do not follow it unless you are hopelessly lost. Not only are they private, but they are narrow and a human will give way before a logging truck does.  Get out
Support Cat Adoption and Rescue. Why go to a cat breeder or pet store to buy a cat when you can adopt? ||Contact this shelter/rescue group to see their pets for adoption. Our Featured Cresco, IA Partner: SNAP OF NE IA Cat adoption saves lives. Adopt a cat and you'll have a friend for life! Contact us, or contact another local humane society, animal shelter or SPCA. Cities, Towns, and/or Counties We Serve: We are located in NE IA. We focus on Cresco, IA first, but get calls from a 60 mile radius. We help whenever we can and refer people to others also. We started out with a spay/neuter program with our goal of helping the stray cats. There was a need to save the city pound cats and then we stared fostering cats when we had foster homes available. We got our shelter license and 501c3. We volunteer because we want to save the animals and make the world a better place for them. Come Meet our Pets: We have held a few adoption opportunities this past year. We have spent a lot of time on education and promoting spay/neutering. We just started a Be Kind to Animals Program at the community learning center (166 kids), will have an educational event on SPAY DAY in Feb., gave Pet Meets Baby guides to the prenatal classes at the hospital, and donated educational books to the library recently. We have several events planned this year. Because we don't have an actual shelter, we use foster families. When we are short on foster families, we encourage families to hold on to their pets & we call it a courtesy listing, not a foster adoption. Our Adoption Process: We start with an application, do an at home visit and call vet references. If the people qualify to adopt, we have them sign a contract and follow up within a month of the adoption. We ask if the adopters can reimburse us for the medical expenses, with a minimum received of $55 for males and $75 for females. There is a spay/neuter agreement in the contract.
Your web-browser is very outdated, and as such, this website may not display properly. Please consider upgrading to a modern, faster and more secure browser. Click here to do so. i am a woman + i pronounce it "ammo" May 12 '12 Stine Bramsen and drop earrings: a great, all too rarely seen, match. [from left: someone, Anders B, Stine, Reinholdt, someone else] Mar 30 '12 Earlier @khrystalmarie asked what’s my favourite out of all the ways Stine Bramsen from Alphabeat has worn her hair. And here is the answer :) I love the cut and the colour! Mar 25 '12 Look! It’s a crappy screencap of @StineBramsen and some backup dancers on the Danish #XFactor on Saturday night! It’s taken from this video of their performance (they did Vacation and then did The Spell with one of the contestants.) Mar 11 '12 Loving @StineBramsen’s hair atm. Click through to watch the video I capped this from.
I lift weights. I also run and hit things. At 43 I'm just as active now as I ever was. "Active", what an old person term. In your teens, 20's and 30's you worked out, in your 40's you're fucking active. Be careful, when people start calling you "vibrant" or telling you how good you look you're going to take a dirt nap soon. Anyway, there's no reason to slow down. The way I figure, the Spartans were in the active military from 20 to age 60 (sometimes 65) so I'm not slowing down until then. Plus given medical technology today as compared to 1500 years ago, there's no reason why in your 70's you still can't be going strong. I'm going to ask you to be honest with yourself. Given your overall return on investment, is your time better spent learning katas (forms) or lifting weights? Would you get more benefit practicing esoteric methods of harmonizing your chi or dead-lifting? Years ago in Tae Kwon Do, the instructor was drilling us while we were practicing blocks in the air. He said "if you don't get the technique right, you might as well go lift weights and try to bench press 500 pounds." The notion was that if you could do this technique, it's like being able to bench press 500 pounds. No it wasn't. As martial artists we're told lifting weights is counter productive. It restricts movement and slows you down. In truth there does come a point where you're too big and your muscles and girth require too much oxygen and fuel to sustain long periods of stress. Power lifters and body builders tend to have this problem. But I don't consider a 6'5, 285 pound defensive end who runs a 4.4 forty yard dash slow. For the most part lifting weights builds muscle. Muscle and resistance training has been proved to strengthen bones, ligaments and dramatically increase metabolism. Muscle = metabolism. Oh, it also helps you hit stuff REALLY HARD. No matter what activity you do, as long as you continue to do the activity your muscles will transfer the power correctly. Whether it's baseball or wrestling, resistance training will only do one thing, get you stronger. Body weight exercises are good, but in order to come close to the benefits of weight training you need to spend exponential time doing your body weight exercises. Herschel Walker, Heisman trophy winner, pro football player and recent MMA fighter claims does a lot of body weight exercises. But he does 2000 push ups and 3000 sit ups, 1000 dips and 1500 pull ups per day. Regardless of this insanity, he STILL has resistance training in his program. Personally I don't have all day to dedicate to endless sets of calisthenics. I've got other shit to do. If all of the kettle bells, yoga, pilates, kung fu and chi was all it was cracked up to be, wouldn't every professional football and soccer team be doing these things EXCLUSIVELY. It's true they do use some of these methods to supplement training, but their core programs consist of basic weigh training movements and appropriate running and cardio programs. Did you ever notice that the majority of people who prescribe to methods like Aikido, Kung Fu and other forms of martial arts that attribute success to higher powers are largely out of shape or anemic looking? The thought of being able to effortlessly dispatch much larger and stronger opponents appeals to one person only...the lazy one. People are inherently lazy. The reason Judo, BJJ, Kyokushin Karate, MMA, Wrestling, Boxing, Muy Thai and other combat sports continue to produce tough people is because they have a sport aspect that requires them to prove themselves against other skilled opponents. On the other hand, there are arts like Aikido that profess being able to toss attackers aside with little or no effort. Aikido is an exercise in theory, not a tactical response to violence. Now you may not have known that I do have a fond appreciation for some of the founders of Aikido. Like Kenji Tomiki. Tomiki was one of Kano's (founder of Judo)top students. After Ueshiba (the founder of Aikido) met with Kano and showed him what he was doing, Tomiki went to go study with Ueshiba. Rumor has it that in his younger days Ueshiba was an animal in training. Only as he got older, he slowed down a bit. Even Tomiki during an interview and demonstration about Aikido was taken to task by a reporter. It was then Tomiki took the guy to the mat and tossed him around using Judo and Wrestling NOT Aikido. Aikido was to demonstrate a theory of being able to harmonize with your opponent, the idea being that you could simply move with your target and use his force against him. This is a theory, just like communism. But even the founders knew when it came down to it, you still needed a little muscle to back it up. You should also note that Tomiki considered founders of Japan Wrestling association and other Judo greats as close friends and mentors. Tomiki was a bad ass. Hey, if there was a quick and easy way around hard work, we would have found it. At the end of the day, you still have to be strong, have endurance and hit hard. Oh, and owning a firearm is not enough. You still need to access your firearm and even if you unload your magazine in him, he may still keep coming. Like this lovely video. Here the cop shoots bad guy and the bad guy takes a licking and keeps on ticking. Whether you believe in CHI or COLT there's no way you're getting out of an assault. attempted rape or homicide without experiencing some pain and discomfort. It's highly unlikely that you're going to face a determined and capable attacker without getting hit, bumped, bruised or worse. Even if you knock him out with one shot, your hand may be a little sore afterward. In the street you need to hit hard, hit fast and recover quickly. Give me someone who lifts weights and does cardio on a regular basis, and I will turn him or her into an animal in a handful of weeks. NO BULLSHIT. You can't get out of putting some time in. A typical week for me is: Day 1, lift Chest and Back, Abs/Core Day 2 Cardio and SDTS Day 3 Legs and shoulders, Abs/Core Day 4 Cardio and SDTS (Sometimes Judo at night) Day 5 Arms Day 6 ACTIVE REST or HEAVY LIFT Day 7 Cardio long and slow Each week I slightly vary the exercises and there is a four week rotation on the reps for weights. Week one will be a heavy set of 10 reps followed by supersets of 20,15,12 and 10. Week two will be sets of 20, 15, 12 and 10. Week three is four sets of 20 and week four is four sets of 10. Then it rotates. Cardio looks like Day 2 and Day 4 are interval running for 32 minutes. Day 7 is a long run for about an hour. I may substitute bike or elliptical depending on how banged up I am. All in I spend about an hour to an hour and a half training. I don't have all day like Herschel Walker. I'm no longer a serious competitor or am putting myself in harms way for people who will pay me, but I still work out hard, if not harder than when I was younger. Spartans didn't retire until they were 60 years old, so I have some time left before I think about slowing down. Anything is better than nothing. Can do 60 to 90 minutes? Do half that. Can't get 45 minutes a day for yourself, 3 to 5 days a week...something is wrong with your life my friend. Everyone has excuses, the person who finds a way to make it work is the successful one. There are two types of people in the world, the one with excuses and successful ones. If you have the desire, make it work if you don't have the desire, why are you even reading this? The better in shape you are, the better your chances of survival. The more punishment you can take, the more you can dish out. In addition, people are less likely to mess with you if you look fit than if you don't. A cop who gets out of the car belly first is a lot more likely to run into a problem than if he looks like he can handle his business. In New Jersey, the local cops don't have an annual fitness test, but the State Cops do. When you see a NJ State Trooper get out of his car, he or she at least look impressive. People always seek the path of least resistance. We're inherently lazy and are inclined to believe things that we want to hear. "Take this pill", "eat whatever you want and lose weight", "Work out for 10 minutes and get ripped". All you need to do is stay up past midnight, turn on the TV and get submerged in infomercial hell. The martial arts have been no different. They're just as bad as infomercials with the defeat all attackers without hurting yourself or your attacker pitch line, use his power against him and make him helpless, no strength needed, lifting weights will only constrict your movement. All you have to do is get your Black Belt and you too will be able to defeat any attacker. Call now while supplies last! The problem is you want to believe these things. You don't want to hurt anybody, and the idea of being able to do something to someone who is trying to do you harm plays into your good nature. You also don't want to work too hard either and will do anything to avoid it. It's not your fault it's human nature. The confusion comes from the fact that some of these statements are only partially true. Technique and knowledge will always make up for lack of strength, stamina and youth but you still need to possess some level of fitness in order to survive. The more fit you are the better off you'll be. Make no mistake, there are better and more efficient ways of doing things but there is some sweat equity in your future. There's no such thing as "get rich quick" (Unless you inherit it), there,s no loose weight fast and there's definitely no way around getting hit, bumped and bruised or worse when you have to fight. Damian Ross is CEO of the Self Defense Company and developer of The Self Defense Training System, the most lethal and effective self defense system in the world, The Guardian Defensive Tactics Police Combatives Program, 60 minute Self Defense and the Family Safe Program. Mr. Ross also founded the Self Defense Instructor Program that helps people develop their self defense careers from the ground up. Mr. Ross is originally from Ridgewood, NJ where he was a High School Hall of Fame Athlete in football and wrestling as well as a varsity wrestling coach. He then went on to Lehigh University where he was a varsity wrestler and football player. Mr. Ross has 3 black belts, 4th Degree in Tekkenryu Jujutsu, 2nd Degree in Judo, 2nd Degree in Tae Kwon Do. In addition to his martial arts experience, Mr; Ross spent 8 years in the professional security and personal protection business. He is internationally recognized as one of the foremost authorities in reality based self defense.
Compare and contrast at least five technologies that are readily available for in-home internet access. 700 words with 2 references due 3-25-11 Compare and contrast at least five technologies that are readily available for in-home internet access. You should consider practical as well as technical differences in your comparison. Do not include Frame Relay or ATM as these are primarily larger scale business solutions. 2. Explain the similarities and differences between Frame Relay and Asynchronous Transfer Mode. 3. Technological advances are only one of many factors that play into how technology infrastructure develops. The social decision to break-up AT&T had a significant impact on the telephone infrastructure. Describe how the infrastructure changed due to this event. 4. For the network that you have chosen to characterize, identify the connection to the internet WAN. Identify the media, devices, and service providers involved in establishing this connection. Describe what protocols/services are being implemented over this connection. In addition, describe at least one alternative ISP service available for this network. Hello, I am John Cappucci, Computer Science Engineer. I will be happy to help you.The technologies available are:1- Dial Up (slow connections from your phone cable)2- DSL (fast connections from your phone cable) 3- Cable (fast connections by Cable, now with fiber optics cable)4- Satellite (slow to fair connections via satellite) 5- Cellular (3G and 4G) (fair to fast connections via cellular network)If I helped please scroll down and click the green Accept button for me to be paid :-) (even if you have a subscription or a trial membership)Thank youJohn CappucciComputer Science Engineer*** 4 IMPORTANT THINGS *** (please read them)1- Please click the ACCEPT button, so your deposit can be released and I can get paid for my effort. (*** Even if you have a subscription plan, you need to click the Accept button if the issue is solved for me to be paid, you won't be charged twice ***, don't worry. Thank you!)2- Let me know if the answer doesn't work INSTEAD of leaving negative feedback, so we can still continue troubleshooting the issue.3- Positive Feedback is very important to us. Please leave me a positive feedback after you are happy with the answer.4- Any bonus will be greatly appreciated Computer Science Engineer and A+ Certified.
Young Africans Who Want to Be Porn Stars May 31 2011 Download right click "save as" Hundreds of youths try to escape poverty by going into Africa's porn industry. Few realize how difficult and unsafe it can be. By contrast, the largely Web-oriented African market is small but emerging. The leader on that continent would be South Africa, which hosted Sexpo, a public expo focused on all aspects of sexuality, in the second half of 2010. "The size of the entire adult industry in South Africa is said to be worth 60 million rand ($8.9 million), but that cannot be independently verified. It is probably the biggest in Africa. Nigeria should be worth about half of that," says Tau Morena, co-founder of Sondeza ("Bring it closer" in isiZulu), an African adult online network with more than 39,000 members (almost half of them South African) and an average of 7,000 unique visitors daily. No wonder, says Koh Bela, that some African youths see pornographic actors as examples of success -- all the more because some manage to earn far more money with one film than the average African does in a month. What these young people do not always know, though, is that big money is rare in this sector. Besides, the threat of human trafficking -- the third most widespread criminal activity worldwide, according to the United Nations -- is worrying in some countries. - Russian Union of Journalists, OSCE Manual on Reporting on Human Trafficking - IOM Manual Human Trafficking and Legalization of Criminal Profits. Russian. - IOM Manual on THB crimes typologies. Russian. - IOM International Conference. “Improvement of International Cooperation in Counteracting Human Trafficking” Russian - ILO OSCE Anti-Trafficking Response in Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia - ILO Preventing Forced Labour in Russian Construction Industry - Trafficking in Persons to Europe for sexual exploitation - First Aid Kit Russian - IOM Direct Assistance to Victims Handbook 2007 Russian - Needs Assessment Toolkit Russian
Photo: Ben Smith (Flickr) Officials say a busy 2012 fall calendar may have kept Indiana University from being chosen as a site for one of four presidential debates. Janet Brown, executive director of the Commission on Presidential Debates, says Indiana submitted a good application, but had trouble finding time to shoehorn in a debate in Bloomington. “There are a lot of commitments the university has already for their fall of 2012 calendar, and we found it hard to find a match this time around,” she says. “But it does not say anything negative about the university’s bid, which we were very grateful to receive.” IU political science professor Margie Hershey says the commission is most likely concerned with technical failures and safety of the candidates when choosing a venue. She says the commission would not want to host debates in places that the candidates would find difficult to get to, such as Alaska or Hawaii. But beyond that, she says the candidates probably have the opportunity to veto sites they do not like. Above all, she says, the commission most likely favors places they have tried before and had success with. “I wouldn’t be as concerned about as logistics, and I suspect that they are not as concerned about logistics as they are with making sure nothing awful happens as a result of this choice,” she says. Brown says another concern is location of the debates, such that the broadcast technology necessary to broadcast them may be trucked easily from site to site. Despite that, previous debate location Centre College, in Danville, Kentucky, which is not located on or near an interstate, will host a debate next year.
Sonría, en español This button was a regalito from my first Spanish teacher, Señora B. She was known for being pretty strict. I can’t count how many times I swallowed gum that year upon seeing her fists on her hips, her black cat-eye glasses at the tip of her nose, as she asked, “ReNeé, estás masticando chicle en mi clase?” *gulp* “No, Señora.” You may be wondering who “ReNée” is – that was me. Some classmates had their names automatically translated to Spanish and assigned by the teacher, having no say in the matter at all, but since there is no real equivalent to “Tracy”, I was allowed to pick from a list hanging up on the chalkboard. I read over the names multiple times but nothing caught my eye until I came to “Renée” … The only problem? I had accidentally drifted over to the “French Names List”. Señora B informed me that “Renée” when used in Latin America, is for males only, but as a tomboy, that only made me want it more. Señora B relented and let me have it, even turned a blind eye when I insisted on capitalizing the “N” – just because I wanted to. Señora B accepted my need to be different even as she often sighed in exasperation, “Ay, ReNée…” Other memories from her class: Marching around the perimeter of the room chanting “o! as! a! amos! áis! an!” (The conjugation for “-ar” verbs.) After a few minutes we complained and she told us, “You feel ridiculous, but I promise you’ll never forget it, now keep marching.” … And 20 years later, I haven’t forgotten. Here is what she wrote in my yearbook, (and at the time I barely understood a word of it): Señora B was my first Spanish teacher, but she wasn’t my last. The next year, and almost until graduation, I had Señora S, and she liked me just as much as Señora B – she even trusted me to help grade papers and tutor other kids, (though I definitely wasn’t her top student academically speaking.) In my Junior year of high school, Señora S, petite but with a fierce sparkle in her eyes, is the one who insisted I go on a group trip to Europe, though I was sure I couldn’t afford it. I worked hard at a local restaurant and saved some of the money, but the due date came and I didn’t have enough. As usual, my parents bailed me out. Señora then told me that while in Spain there would be an optional day trip to Toledo that would cost extra. Of course I told Señora S that I was going to have to pass on it – She wouldn’t hear of it and paid my fee for the trip to Toledo because she didn’t want me to miss it. The trip to Europe included a few cities in Italy, then Vatican City, Monaco, one city in France and then a few cities in Spain, in that order. In Rome, drunk on freedom, I snuck out to a discoteca the first night. While drinking a second Rum & Coke, I chatted with a guy from Mexico. “¿Tienes una novia?” I asked. “¿Aquí o en México?” he responded, completely serious. He had no idea why I laughed and found someone else to dance with. The next day in Florence I got lost and asked a man on the street where my hotel was. It turned out he was quite drunk or crazy, but had an impeccable sense of direction. He escorted me to the hotel but then proceeded to enter the lobby and almost get into a fist fight with the manager. In turn the manager wanted to kick our group out of the hotel. Señora S was not amused. This situation called for much more than a simple “Ay, ReNée.” – I almost got sent home, after only a couple days in Europe. Señora S warned me that I better not step a single toe out of line for the rest of the trip. “And don’t think I don’t know about your fun last night,” she whispered. I behaved for the rest of the trip, (or at least kept my trouble-making less obvious.) Some of the fun Señora S didn’t find out about, (or pretended not to know of), included, sitting on people’s doorsteps and tricking tourists into thinking I was a local. I bought a scarf at the market and tied it over my head babushka-style. My simple costume paired with pretend broken English, fooled tourists every time. I also got kicked by a palace guard in Monaco for apparently sitting somewhere I wasn’t supposed to sit. By the time we arrived in Spain, I was out of money and surviving on the stale bread and coffee that was our free continental breakfast, (with the occasional sip of Sangria.) My memories of Spain are mostly memories of hunger. On the final day of our trip I had the luck to enjoy a cup of thick, rich hot chocolate that a friend bought for me just before we got onto the bus. Unfortunately, this wasn’t instant hot cocoa like we have here at home, made with water and a packet of chocolate-flavored mix. This was real hot chocolate, made with very real milk. After so many days of not eating much, the Spanish hot chocolate didn’t agree with me. I felt my tummy begin to churn and my cheeks flush. I begged the bus driver to make an unscheduled stop and ran to the restrooms. My moment of relief was fleeting as I entered the actual bathroom and looked at the “toilet”… Here was something even more perplexing than the bidets I had previously encountered – It was a hole in the floor. I was so desperate that I tried to use it, but I had no idea how to do so without making a complete mess. Defeated, I pulled my pants back up, deciding to hold it until we got to our destination and more modern facilities. Despite all the fun, by the end of our trip, I was definitely ready to go home. All these years later, I reflect back on the impact these teachers had on who I am today, and how profoundly they affected the trajectory of my life, and I smile… en español.
KBR Selected to Perform Turnaround Management and Turnaround Mechanical Execution Services for BP Plant in Decatur, Ala. KBR Selected to Perform Turnaround Management and Turnaround Mechanical Execution Services for BP Plant in Decatur, Ala. Business Wire HOUSTON -- January 22, 2013 KBR (NYSE: KBR) announced today that it has been selected to provide the BP Decatur site with specialty turnaround management and turnaround mechanical execution services for one of the six on-site production units at the Western Hemisphere aromatics petrochemical site in Decatur, Ala. This plant utilizes paraxylene to manufacture plastic bottles, polyester material and new generation polyesters and resins. The contract award is valued at $3.5 million and underscores KBR’s ability to mobilize skilled resources and execute highly complex, time-sensitive projects. “KBR has extensive experience serving the petrochemical industry by providing specialized turnaround management, project controls, and direct hire execution services,” said Ivor Harrington, Group President, KBR Services. “KBR has provided supplemental maintenance, annual shutdowns and small capital projects to the site since 1998. We are pleased to have been selected by this valued client and look forward to building on our long-standing relationship as we work toward the successful completion of this project.” KBR is a global engineering, construction and services company supporting the energy, hydrocarbon, government services, minerals, civil infrastructure, power, industrial, and commercial markets. For more information, visit www.kbr.com. Contact: KBR Zac Nagle, 713-753-5082 Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications Investors@kbr.com or Media Relations Hotline: Marianne Gooch, 713-753-3800 Director, Corporate Communications Mediarelations@kbr.com
Where Your Dreams Become Reality You are reporting the following post to the moderators for review and possible removal from the forum| Subject: RE: Masters Weekend Races and Runs A pretty solid week for me, although I wussed out and only did one hard workout. Still running ~65 miles/week. I did a short tempo run Tuesday (2 x 10 min. with 1 min. jog between) as I was really tired (not enough sleep). You'd think I'd learn. Had a fabulous long run today. It was fairly sunny and warm-ish and the trail was just the right balance of soft/firm. Lots of trees down so I had to go over/under or hurdle quite a few times, but somehow I managed to run quite a bit faster than I have been running this route. I felt nice and strong, too. Weight loss continues at its glacial pace, but there is a real difference. I wonder when I'll decide to race again? KP - still wearing the dorky compression sleeves as insurance. Thanks for the tip. I need to keep up on my stretches (or find a regular massage) and I'm wondering what the best way to build strength in my legs is - squats? lunges? weights? Don't really have the budget for a fitness club and have been doing little hand weights for my arms. Hit the submit button below if you want us to review the post. If you feel this is urgent or want a reply, email us at email@example.com about the post and please include a link to the thread the post is on and what page number/post on that page it is
Our minds and our attitudes are the most powerful weapons we possess. I cannot count how many times I have heard a cop say that he can accomplish more with his pen (on a report) than he could ever get done with his gun. We are warriors. We are driven to survive. We have decided in advance that we will win in every situation. However, when we allow demeaning attitudes, thoughts and words about fellow protectors to creep into our mind, we have surrendered part of that mental strength to our enemies. In this game there are rarely any one-man teams. Each one of us is but a thread that is woven into the larger fabric comprised of all of our brothers & sisters in arms. We are like links in a chain. When we encourage and enable a fellow officer to become stronger, we have increased the combined strength that we all share. Be careful in what you do. Do not weaken that strength with negative thoughts, deeds, or words. Whether or not you go home at the end of your next shift could depend on it.
Anime Weekend Atlanta has a monthly email newsletter! To subscribe, send an email to firstname.lastname@example.org and every month you'll get all the latest updates such as confirmed guests, events, submission deadlines, con tips, and much more! Did you pre-register for AWA 2012 and was not able to attend? You can transfer your membership to this year by contacting us at email@example.com. We'll need a few things from you (Your Name, Mailing Address, email address) and upon verification, you will receive a new email confirmation for AWA 2013. You can only transfer your membership from AWA 2012. Unused memberships from AWA 2011 and earlier can not be transferred. Remember, unused AWA Memberships DO NOT automatically transfer to the following year if you did not attend. Contact us to make sure you are ready for AWA 2013!
I packed up the tent and camping gear, my kilt and bike and headed to Austin area to meet up with friends. I was supposed to have gotten there earlier in the day so that I could go bike on an off-road trail nearby with my buddy from Houston... but I slept in a little too late. My buddy and his wife had several adult beverages by the time I showed up late... so we only biked around the campgrounds and the fairegrounds. By the time I got my tent set up and air mattress blown up I was ready for some cider also. Saturday morning we dressed in the kilts and headed into the festival. I had a great time catching up with friends and making new ones. I had a costume change from renaissance garb to more modern. We listening to several musical groups: from bagpipes to traditional celtic music. My friend's daughter and I learned how to do some folk dances and had a great time! But the weather was very warm! I was sweating... a lot! I had a nice buzz going... I was in a happy place! :) This morning was spent taking the campsite down and driving back to Dallas. I now have everything cleaned and laundry started. What a great weekend! All of my favorite things: camping, biking, dancing, listening to great music and being with friends. Life is good!
Now it’s cadmium that is the latest abomination from amoral manufacturers in China http://abcnews.go.com/Health/WellnessNews/wireStory?id=9527916. Why? After the lead in toys. After the melatonin in milk (maybe at first it was just cheating on protein content, but after the pet food scare it was criminally willful adulteration with a toxic chemical). Now cadmium, one of the well known top heavy metals (along with lead, mercury, chrome VI). What is wrong with these guys? Are they stupid? I don’t think so. Is it just chasing money? Are those looking to make and sell the cheapest stuff just moving to the next raw material that hasn’t made the list yet? Are they simply betting they won’t get caught before making a bundle? And are they right? Are these just short term operations that disappear and reform to play dirty again as another entity? I think they are criminals operating with a desire to harm or at least totally amoral and negligent not caring what harm they may cause others. China’s capital punishment may not be so drastic after all. On the other hand, it doesn’t appear to be a successful determent. What about the US importers? Sounds like some of these guys are fly-by-nights too. But the retailers aren’t (Walmart, Disney) – how many times do they need to get burnt? What systems do they have in place to ensure that their suppliers are decent people who do not knowingly make their products out of toxic chemicals? On the other hand, who would have thought that suppliers would even think of substituting cadmium?! You won’t have to wait long for the politicians at local, state and national levels to start to race each other to draft new laws requiring cadmium testing of children’s jewelry. Along with lead, BPA and mercury and hundreds of other real or imagined toxic chemicals. It’s got to be more than just checklists of chemicals or explicit laws against using individual chemicals. Regulatory lists will always lag. Just like closing the barn door after the next crazy thing the terrorists will try on planes. (Will those phobic people who worry about one molecule of a carcinogen/endocrine disruptor worry about more killer xrays for which there is no safe threshold of exposure?) Of course, we can essentially ban imported toys by requiring totally impractical and expensive up front screening. Or ban them outright: Buy USA! Who needs toys anyway? Kids can play with virtual toys online (oops, computers are made of chemicals too). My mom gave me her keys to chew on; wonder what they were made of? (no wonder I’m nuts) So what do we do? - ensure serious consequences for willful use of harmful chemicals in products that create uncontrolled exposure (not every chemical that someone somewhere thinks is trouble, but certainly those uses of known toxics that we any rational person would agree is bad – like charms made of heavy metals like lead or cadmium). Seems like basic tort and criminal law ought to work. Or heads on pikes. - teach and expect moral behavior. I like to call it Product Stewardship: Product Stewardship occurs when all those involved in the life cycle of a product take shared responsibility to reduce adverse environmental, health and safety impacts to achieve the most value from a product. - I don’t think product stewardship is something you legislate or regulate. It’s a way of thinking and acting, taking responsibility to be aware of the potential consequences of your decisions and actions and continuously making improvements. It’s working with others to be more sustainable. It’s something every player in the life cycle needs to do: suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, users, recyclers, disposers, governments, businesses, communities and individuals. See other my other blogs on the topic. - Companies that purchase products from others must work with their suppliers to ensure they understand and are practicing product stewardship. Education, training, quality control, third party verification and accountability need to be tailored according to the capabilities of the supplier. It’s not enough to just stick to the regulatory requirements. Compliance is a base, but life cycle stewardship is a moral imperative. EHS Strategies, Inc. can help you figure out how to institute a product stewardship program. Read Full Post »
Friend Me! 6 Get-togethers to Build Faith & Friendship Help women develop friendships with each other and grow in their faith! Research shows that those who have friends at church are more likely to be involved, to grow in their faith, and to stay connected. Friend Me! is a first-step for any new women's group to take together. Each get-together is designed to take away the insecurities and awkwardness of joining a new group and help women make connections in a fun, friendly, non-threatening way. The get-togethers in Friend Me! gradually help women move from getting acquainted to becoming friends and growing in their faith together. Each session includes time in the Bible, the opportunity for sharing stories from their own lives, discussion, prayer, and food.Friend Me! is great for new groups, for special-interest groups (such as your scrapbooking group or your prayer team), co-workers, Bible study groups, and new attendee groups. It's even great for existing groups or long-time friends to get re-acquainted and go deeper in their friendships. The gatherings work for small groups and large groups and can be used in a home, a church, or any other setting. Anyone can be a Friend Me! hostess--just be sure to read the session ahead of time and gather the supplies for that session. No leadership experience required! Each woman will need her own copy of Friend Me!Click here for a sample chapter.
Winter is finally here, and it’s time to start planning your ski holidays and make the most of the white gold covering the mountains across Europe - there are literally thousands of ski resorts just in Europe, so which one do you choose? Like with any trip, the destination, budget and your interests play a big role in how your ski holidays turn out. Here are five ski resorts that suits different tastes and will guide you to choosing the ski holidays that are right for you… Budget Friendly Livigno, Italy The ski resort that is on everyone’s lips this season is Livigno in Italy, having won several awards this year – the biggest award was the prize as Best European Resort at the World Snow Awards 2012, which is a pretty big deal. One of the reasons for the award was its off-piste skiing, so if you’re into that then this is the ski resort for you. However, Livigno is also famous as a duty free zone, making bars and clubs refreshingly free from overpriced beers, and gives way for some lively aprés ski. If you buy a 6-day pass or longer, you get one free day of skiing in the Swiss Engadin region, which includes the luxury resort St. Moritz – it’s a great ski resort, but also very expensive so we definitely recommend taking advantage of this pass and ski for free! Beautiful Zermatt, Switzerland For us, this was the hardest to pick, as it all comes down to perception – we love ski resorts with chocolate-box chalets, breathtaking views and car-free centers. Zermatt has all three, and besides, few mountain drops are as iconic as the Matterhorn… Exclusive St. Moritz, Switzerland St. Moritz is one of the world’s classic ski resorts for exclusive ski holidays, and is one of the most fun ski resorts we’ve been to. Surrounded by the rich and famous, and with paparazzi waiting at the top of the mountain – St. Moritz is indeed an unusual place to find yourself in. You will feel completely out of place, but nobody will actually treat you as such, so just sit back and enjoy the seat warmers in the ski lifts and the amazing views from the mountain. The town is set by a frozen lake used for horse racing, Polo, golf and cricket, and famous for its crazy Cresta toboggan run – a traditional sport you have to try when in Switzerland! The ski pass is a bit expensive, but if you ski in nearby resorts like Italy or another one in Switzerland you can often find deals and discounts (we did). Aprés Ski in St. Anton, Austria Many claim that St. Anton is the home of aprés ski, or more precisely the infamous bar The Krazy Kanguruh. The party gets going already at 3pm and continues until way after dark. Another popular place is Mooserwirtz, which is rumored to sell more beer per square metre than any other bar in Austria. While St. Anton does attract those who are more interested in partying than skiing, it’s a great ski resort for those looking for ski holidays that combine the best of both, as the skiing is also excellent. Which ski resorts would you recommend for ski holidays in Europe?
For Immediate Release, July 15, 2010 Contact: Mollie Matteson, Center for Biological Diversity, (802) 434-2388 (office); (802) 318-1487 (cell) Forest Service Will Close Caves in Rocky Mountain Region to Protect Bats From Lethal Disease Group Advocates for Closures Across West RICHMOND, Vt.— More than six months after the Center for Biological Diversity filed a petition to close all federally managed bat caves in the lower 48 states, the U.S. Forest Service has indicated it intends to close caves on federal forests and grasslands in Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska and most of Wyoming and South Dakota. A devastating bat-killing disease known as white-nose syndrome has spread rapidly from its original epicenter in upstate New York four years ago. The Center has demanded that more proactive steps be taken to protect bats, which are dying by the millions in the eastern half of the country. The closures would limit human access to the caves in hopes of stemming the spread of the disease, which scientists believe can be transported from cave to cave on clothing, boots, caving gear and other equipment. “The regional office is to be commended for taking action to protect bats now, before this devastating epidemic shows up there,” said Mollie Matteson, conservation advocate for the Center for Biological Diversity. “Already, the white-nose syndrome fungus has leapfrogged into western Oklahoma from the Midwest. It is a hair’s breadth from Colorado. The other federal land agencies of the West need to act now, as well.” The closure order, expected within the next couple of weeks, will be in effect for 12 months, and could last longer. Caves on national forests in the South and East have been closed under similar orders since the spring of 2009. Some states have also closed state-owned caves to protect bats, and a few other federal land units, such as Great Smoky Mountains National Park, have made caves off-limits to recreational access in an attempt to stem the spread of the illness. White-nose syndrome was first documented in a cave in upstate New York in early 2006, and started killing bats in large numbers in the winter of 2007-2008. The disease radiated out from New York to Vermont, Massachusetts and other Northeast states. The fungus associated with the disease has since been found on bats in 14 states and two Canadian provinces, and bats throughout much of the affected area are now dying at extremely high rates — up to 100 percent in some infected caves. Scientists fear that several species could be completely wiped out within a few years’ time. A total of nine bat species are now affected, and surveys in the Northeast, where white-nose syndrome has been ravaging bats the longest, reveal that several species are close to being regionally extinct. Researchers believe the white-nose fungus spreads primarily via bat-to-bat transmission, and that bats can also pick it up from infected caves. Humans do not appear to be susceptible to the disease themselves but scientists believe people can spread it. “Bats are essential members of North America’s ecosystems, eating immense quantities of insects every night, and helping to keep bug populations in check,” said Matteson. “If we ignore the need to take precautionary measures to protect bats, we do so not only at their peril but also at our own.” In January the Center for Biological Diversity filed a petition to close bat caves on all federal lands in the lower 48 states due to the threat of white-nose syndrome. The Center also filed a petition to designate two white-nose-affected bat species as endangered under the Endangered Species Act. In June, the group notified the government that it intended to sue for failure to respond in time to protect the two bats, which are the eastern small-footed bat and the northern long-eared bat. The Center for Biological Diversity is a national, nonprofit conservation organization with more than 255,000 members and online activists dedicated to the protection of endangered species and wild places.
Free Printable kids stuffed animal adoption certificatr Looking for kids stuffed animal adoption certificatr free printables? You've found them! These printable kids stuffed animal adoption certificatr are totally free, so print as many as you like! If you can't find the item you are looking for, please suggest an item! Related Searches: printable dental pics, printable coloring pages llama llama mad at mama, printable calandar, printable free printable fathers day cards, printable free printable autum borders, printable if i never knew you, printable letter v worksheets, printable benjamin franklin, printable the lion sleeps tonight piano sheet, printable printable schedule calendar
Respond to Review of Paladar Zen Review: This restaurant is a paradise for vegan people. There are also something vegetarian, but a lot of dishes are vegan! I love it. There is a peacefule atmosphere; you can sit and then you can choose all you want eat! There is a buffet with a different soup every day, there is bread with sauces; cooked and raw vegetables;mix salads; bean, chickpeas, peas; cooked cereals; lasagne; potatoes gateaux; cous cous.... The price is 9.95 euro for the dinner and is "all you can eat". Beverages and cakes are not included in the price. Everything is very good and well cooked!
You Might Also Like Teamwork, it's pretty important. Whether you're two robots facing an array of insane tests at the behest of an unseen tormenter, or a bunch of plucky robot-piloting teenagers intent on saving your town yet again from some menace that looks like a guy in a monster suit, you have to work together to get the job done. That said, the teenagers would probably end up having an episode about sharing and friendship of one of them didn't work together, while the test robots would likely just get themselves stuck in a recursive loop and end up as tiny robot bits. Really the takeaway here is that teamwork is especially important for robots.
The 10"x 10" Portable Gazebo has a durable powder coated steel frame with a polyester canopy. Assembles easily for great for "on the go" use. Includes storage back for easy transport. - Scalloped valance - Vented double roof - Corner curtains with sewn on netting - Finger friendly push button upper frame - Includes storage bag - Assembled dimensions: 10' x 10' x 9.68'H - Not rated for commercial use or other non-residential purposes Ship Dim: 49.21 x 9.45 x 9.45 Shipping Weight: 41.9 lbs Brand Name: Backyard Creations® Vendor: Backyard Creations |Canopy Length: 120 ||Canopy Shape: square |Canopy Width: 120 ||Assembled Depth : 120 |Assembled Height : 116.16 ||Assembly Required : yes |Manufacturer Warranty : One year limited warranty To read PDF files, you need the Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher. If you don't have it, click here and download it for free from Adobe's site. Please Note: Prices, promotions, styles and availability may vary by store and online. While we do our best to provide accurate item availability information, we cannot guarantee in-stock status and availability as item quantities are constantly changing throughout the day. Inventory last updated 5/19/2013 at 5:00am CT. Rebates are an in-store service; therefore online purchases do not qualify towards rebate redemption.
[image: Baby bulb] Use this blog to: - Ask Professor Plant any questions you may have. - Share interesting stories or photographs with other schools. - Once you send a message, Professor Plant will read it then publish it onto the website. To be web safe: - We will not publish any childrens names. - When you leave a message, list the name of your school, then your comment will be posted as 'pupils from' and the 'name of your school'. - Always ask your teacher for permission before posting a message or a photograph. No entries were found. Please choose another category.
Relocated NY 298 In the early 1970s, and also again in the mid-70s, there was a proposal for a 4-lane at-grade expressway relocation of NY 298 running from Carrier Circle to NY 31 near Bridgeport. This expressway would have been an extension of the then-proposed North-South Arterial (a precursor to today's Thompson Rd), providing service to the industrial areas near Carrier Circle and also as a way to avoid Cicero Swamp and the occasional flooding along existing NY 298 through the swamp. Fictional NY 298 is a recreation of this expressway proposal, running from Carrier Circle northeasterly to NY 31 east of Bridgeport. Map will be part of a future update. Mileage is based on a fictional rerouting of NY 298, as per the Fictional Syracuse page. |Milepost||Cross-street or feature||Access| |6.15||NY 635/I-90 Access||Traffic circle (Carrier Circle)| |6.73||Boss Rd||At-grade intersection| |6.97||E. Molloy Rd||At-grade intersection| |8.22||Northern Blvd||At-grade intersection| |8.45||Schuyler Rd||None (overpass)| |9.11||Fly Rd||At-grade intersection| |10.37||Fremont Rd||At-grade intersection| |11.50||Karker Rd||At-grade intersection| |12.07||Fictional NY 257/Schepps Corners Rd||At-grade intersection| |14.3||Chittenango Creek, Onondaga/Madison Co Line||N/A| |14.69||CR 1/Bridgeport Kirkville Rd||At-grade intersection| |16.12||NY 31 West||At-grade intersection| Links (some under development): A VIRTUAL CRUISE of eastbound NY 298 A VIRTUAL CRUISE of westbound NY 298 Exit List of Fictional NY 298 Back to Fictional Freeways Back to Magnolia Meanderings Last Updated: May 3, 2005 (C) 2005 Adam Froehlig
Let me help you find your dream home! Whether you are looking to buy now or in six months there is no time like the present to get started! Just take a few moments to fill out the form below and I will contact you with the results of your search within 24 hours. Now get to dreaming! Thanks for giving me the opportunity to help you in your home search. If you would like more information on the home buying process or if you are interested in setting up a Buyer Services Consultation, just call me at 865-617-8287! I will get you started on your way to owning that dream home today! Do you have a home to sell before you buy? Go to the What Is My Home Worth? page to get a quick Market Analysis on your property.
User Post (6 total) rockstar Salami Since: 2.1.02 From: East TN Since last post: 3049 days Last activity: 2927 days # 1 Posted on 7.2.02 2207.41 Just because I haven't stirred any shit lately, I thought I'd break out the spoon. Did anyone else (who will admit to visiting theSmarks.com) notice that SKeith's Smackdown! Rant was up three minutes BEFORE the show was finished airing? I know it's not live and he did say he was watching it on his computer while he typed the recap up, but three minutes is a pretty big discrepancy, especially with the essay he wrote at the end. Is he phoning it in via spoilers and opinions written before actually viewing the product? Or is it something more sinister? //edit: crappy mistakes. //edit part two: strange formattery. (edited by rockstar on 7.2.02 2009) (edited by rockstar on 7.2.02 2010) Promote this thread! Tragic1 Chourico Since: 2.1.02 From: Rolling Meadows, Illinois Since last post: 3851 days Last activity: 3843 days # 2 Posted on 7.2.02 2314.33 I think Smackdown plays on Wednesday in Canada. That's probably how he can do it. "HOROWITZ WINS! HOROWITZ WINS! HOROWITZ WINS!" Jim Ross "INDEED" Sho Funaki "Tool" "The Shooter" Dean Malenko eviljonhunt81 Pepperoni Since: 6.1.02 From: not Japan Since last post: 2469 days Last activity: 2465 days # 3 Posted on 7.2.02 2320.06 No, I don't think it plays on Wednesdays, but maybe he watches the early playing of it. I think they might get the East Coast feed, or something. Are you sure it's not a time difference thing? cfgb Lap cheong Since: 2.1.02 From: Ottawa, Ontario Since last post: 4 hours Last activity: 42 min. # 4 Posted on 7.2.02 2341.32 | Instant Rating: 7.87 Smackdown! airs on The Score at 7:00pm in Canada. There you go. Contact cfgb Visit my homepage Bullitt Shot in the dark Since: 11.1.02 From: Houston Since last post: 5 days Last activity: 5 days # 5 Posted on 8.2.02 0255.58 Keith is in Alberta (like me) and gets SmackDown between 5-7pm local time. Q: If you could have interviewed Marvin Gaye, where would you have proposed to meet and what would you have asked him? A: I would have met anywhere as long as it was before his father shot him. I would have asked him, "Hey, don't you think there's some chance that your father might shoot you? To death, I mean?" www.Gordie.ca Loosie Boudin rouge Since: 2.1.02 From: Kitchener, Ontario Since last post: 594 days Last activity: 476 days # 6 Posted on 8.2.02 0829.01 cfgb is right we get the pleasure of watching SmackDown an hour earlier. Loosie. Your friendly nieghbourhood Canadian. Our EZBoard Our WebSite We Think We Know What It Stands For. Holy crap, do you guys BURN money over there? What a country! Oh, and to Mark: I'm not ignoring you, but....well, okay, I'm ignoring you. ;) The W message board ZimBoard ©2001-2013 Brothers Zim This old hunk of junk rendered your page in 0.133 seconds.
The City of Sydney has a fleet of community transport buses and a crew of bus drivers who provide daily door-to-door pick up and drop home services for older Sydney residents. As well as older residents, people with disabilities and other community members use the buses, which take them to our Over 55s Centres and other activity/community centres. Once a month drivers pick up residents for special centre events such as 'Big Bingo'. They also enjoy regular half and full-day bus trips. Over 55s have access to a host of services, from morning teas and formal meals to computer classes and special outings, like fishing trips. The City also transports residents to subsidised podiatry sessions and to exercise classes including hydrotherapy and aerobics. On The Buses Phil Atkinson, Acting Co-ordinator & Graham Wellington, Community Bus Driver Bay Street Depot, Ultimo Last updated: Tuesday, 21 May 2013
Voters in California and North Dakota rejected two ballot initiatives that were opposed by agriculture groups. Californians rejected Proposition 37, that would have mandated genetically modified foods (GM) to be labeled as such, and North Dakota voters rejected Measure 5, the proposal that that would have created a felony penalty for malicious cruelty to a dog, cat or horse. Proposition 37 was defeated 53 percent to 47 percent, and Measure 5 was defeated 67 percent to 33 percent. Opposition to Prop 37 came from a host of companies and individuals – many from outside the state – who injected $46 million into defeating the initiative. Those supporting the measure raised $9.2 million. Supporters of Prop 37 relied on social media and a strong grass-roots campaign in an effort to sway voters to adopt the nation’s first GMO food labeling law. The state-wide battle was a high-profile fight because it pitted businesses against businesses. Big natural-food companies, celebrity chefs and several organic farmers supported Prop 37, while a variety of traditional farmers and chemical, seed and processed-food firms opposed the measure. Proposition 37 gained significant exposure outside California, with many new-age food writers and celebrities supporting the measure. People such as The New York Times’ Mark Bittman urged Californians to vote for Prop 37, saying, “even if there were a way to guarantee that food produced with GMO ingredients is not directly bad for you, it remains clear that such food is in general bad for all of us, based on the collateral damage from producing it.” But such arguments lost steam when local California writers such as The Los Angeles Times Alexandra Le Tellier questioned the science behind some anti-GMO research. “Is it (research) credible?” she asked. “Or is it science for the sake of fulfilling an agenda?” After noting that much of the criticism of GMO foods centered around pesticides, Le Tellier asked, “If the problem is the pesticides, then why isn’t the Proposition 37 labeling initiative about that?” Supporters of the measure argued that consumers have a right to know what's in their food and that information should be made available on labels. About 60 countries around the world already require such labels, proponents stressed. Opponents countered that labeling foods would cost families hundreds of dollars a year in higher grocery bills. They also accused the initiative of sowing fear that genetically engineered foods are unsafe.
Welcome to Luxury Attaché, the premier lifestyle management company. Based in New York, with global networks in cities including Miami, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco and London, we offer clients access to an impeccably curated collection of services. Luxury Attaché was founded in 2005. With more than a decade of experience, founder Jenene Ronick is a recognized leader in the luxury concierge business. She has assembled and trained a team of 50-plus dedicated Attachés, who are well traveled, cultured connoisseurs with knowledge, connections and experience. Luxury Attaché pairs each client with a dedicated Attaché selected to meet their particular needs. Luxury Attaché works with a select group of clients who are leaders in the real estate, financial and hospitality industries. We currently service powerhouse brands and institutions such as Google and Madison Square Garden, global investment banks, international art houses, and we are the chosen partner for residential projects designed by legendary architects.
Search America's historic newspapers pages from - or use the U.S. Newspaper Directory to find information about American newspapers published between 1690-present. Chronicling America is sponsored jointly by the National Endowment for the Humanities external link and the Library of Congress. Learn more title: 'The Ogden standard-examiner. (Ogden, Utah) 1920-current, July 17, 1920, LAST EDITION, Image 8', meta: 'News about Chronicling America - RSS Feed', Image provided by: University of Utah, Marriott Library All ways to connect Inspector General | External Link Disclaimer | I Sto &tan&arb-xattmt?r ogd utAH M SATURDAY EVENING, JULY 17, 1920. a (K,w. VI I t LADIES SHOULD SEE THIS AND jj I BIDING THE HUSBAND I A BIG SCREAM I ajgfj DOROTHY ; I -f PiXif ; 4 DOROTHY GISH I II 11 III II 5 I 5 A Paramount-Artcraft Picture JJL 11 IJ J 11 11 11 t Her friends warned her that he was a devil among the ; j X girls, but well, you know that pretty tale about "marry j j to reform." j j I J Then ft FIRST A mysterious beauty with a black bag' An : . 5 erring kiss ! Flop ! ; J SECOND An alluring manicure lady who Another ; . t flop1 ; j THIRD Enter Friend Wife! With her dander up and . j all sails set! J Now he's eating out of her hand1 ; j J A picture so crammed with laughr it will leave you j limp. 5 i g Written by a woman. Directed by , woman Starring ; j X the funniest woman on the 9creen. ' j Bring HIM!!! 3 i Hi !! ALSO SUNSHINE COMEDY UTAH THEATRE time I TEST LOT Gi IN LENGTHY RUN Stock Overland to Start From ! New York Tomorrow on Coast to Coast Test H A coast-to-coast dash, unusual in R , history of automobile runs In this Bj country, will bo started at midnight on July 18th when a stock Overland car will leave New York for San F'ran- BBBBfl The run will be made by a relay of drivers men who have never before BBBBI snt (he wheel .f this The M drivers will he furnished by Willys BBBBJ Overland distributors. Each driver will pilot theiur through the territory H The purpose of the relay race Is to H establish the eCODOmj and the stamina H of the now light Overland car. In par- BBBBfl tlcular. and the genera desirability of H the light car not only for the tangle ) H traffic the city but for Cross-COun- BBBBfl With that end in view, the fl been removed as far as possible from H the staged cross-country test run. H There will he no expert drivers H lake the through the entire run H from New York to San Frani isco ex- H tr-ctltiK mileage from gasoline that H only an expert knows how to get. BBBBB The mileage obtained from the fuel be that which the average, or- Binary driver can obtain. BBBBI The 3300 milt run start at nilfl- fl night of July lth regardless of weath- H cr or other conditions. H This drive is expected to estubllah beyond iuetlon the claims light cut manufacturers of the dawn of the H in motor car construction. B Every pos'ibi" condition of wreath of roads. mud H Mils, mountain passes, should he en- H countered on this seven day drive. H will he a test to detcrm'ne the stamina H of any car regardless of size. BBBBfl Pally reports of the-projrrcss of th' H car and Its record of economy anJ H RMinilna will be flushed to the factor) ind to distributors and dealers througr j Per Subscription and jvertilng j Pcrartment, Call Phono No. 56. i . A Room to let. Kelly & Herrick I WHAT IS THE PEARL OF Dr. Ray Palmer will preach Sun- , lay at 11 a. ro... at the First Baptist . Lurch, ou the above topic Ogden TjJMNflUMl House ror type writers and repairs. 2422 Hudson Are. J ogden Examiner, date of April 2, 1-920, vant4 ths office of Stand -iird-Ewmlner Headquarter for berry eases, cups, fruit boxes and baskets. Grout's Grain ggpgi SSI Twenty fourth street. 2911 Phone to: for messenger. Beautiful 9-piccc. dining room set, uLino. other furniture. So. 3. Brown m; AptS. '611 l will not be responsible for any debts except those contracted by my self. (Signed! GEO. M. SHIRLEY. The Swiss government experl BBBBfl n.entlng with compressed turf as a Price Put At 25 Cents Per I Cup: Apricots Appear; Utah Tomatoes Next Week. 1 l tah tomatoes In S limited qiiantlt I Will put In the:r appearance on the lo , cal market next week - other vege 1 tables expected are green corn, and I The tomato crop. It is reported, is being delaved considerably due tojhe i .. ness of the BSaaon, but Will be much larger than last year's crop, do I spile th- setback. Raspberries, blackberries, dewber ! rles am d currants irre the new Ismail fruits whibb have matured and jare being offered for sale The firsl 'three mentioned are somewhat high at present, selling nt 25 i-nts- per cup I Lower prices are expected as the crop Apricots were marketed thi morn ing. Housewives who intend to can this fruit are warned by grocermen to get wli.it thev can 'arly. and not wait for the lowering of prices. The crop will be vrj short, t is reported The pach crop, while not ready J el will ' also bo short rta'n nev. potatoes are being offered I at f and 7 cents per pound. In addl ' lion to the above named fruits and I vegetables, there .is a large supply of string beans, peas, turnips, carrots, lettuce, onions and other vegetables well as imported cantaloups and wat'-r Ogden Young Ffian ' Dies in Colorado Clifford Anderson, son of Mr", and lira , J Anderson of 807 Twenty third street, died at La Juntn. Colo., yastarda of peritonitis, following as 'operation for appendicitis. He hud, Ibrcn working with his brother at La He was bom in HuntsvUIe, Nov. 16, i 1892. Surviving him are bis parents nnd the following brothers and sis ' tera, Lester, Walter, Mrs. v. l. All red, Mra. C. Warren Wood, Mis Eva I Auderson, Vernal. Ora John and He was a member of the American Legion. The body will be brought to I Ogden today for burial, time of which will be announced later by Larkin ; & Son. Official in Ogden J. D. McLcmoro, secretary of the. South eastern Millers association with offices at Nashville. Tenn . was In Often yesterday renewing his ac quaintance with B. L. Slack, Ogden The South-eastern Millers associa tion includes in its membership mills eaat of the Mississippi river and has a combined output of &1,000 barrels of flour dally, said Mr. McLemore. who remarked that Ogden is fast gaining prominence as a grain cen ter "The association is appreciating more each year the milling value of the Inter-mountaJn region " CARD OF THANKS We hereby thank our kind friends who assisted OM during the slckneatt and death of our beloved wife and mother, and for the beautiful floral offerings and words of mpth. ' John Kanmdtn and Family. Killed When Hit By Electric Car Miss Inez .oynd, 21 year old. was I instantly killed when struck by a I north-hound Bamberger freight train I yesterday at 2. 30 o'lock at a point "between Kaysville and Farmlngton ! Every hone in tho girl's body was j broken and she was badly mutilated, I according to Sheriff C E. Malder of Davis county, jjrho lnvetigated the ac cident Lester Fayne of Ogden was con ductor of the train and Frank Kunkle of Salt Iike the motorman Miss Loynd is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Loynd of Kaysville. Sheriff Nalder reports that Bliss Loynd had been picking cherries at 'the farm of C. P Hose of Farmlngton She was returning home and was I either walking nlong th' traek or was ! crossing the track The accident oc i urred where !(! f is i sharp ur c UTAH CROPS GO Combined Condition Reported 106.3 Per Cent of Ten According to flnires announced by the Fnited States bjreau of crop es timates yesterday the combined con Idltlon, of all crops in Utah July I, was per cent of the ten year average for this state. The condition has de clined eight-tenths of one per cent dur ing Juno For the I nited States afe j whole i he combined condition of all crops on that date was 99 7 per cent of the average. This was an increase of, 4 9 per cent during the month The Figures were given out yester day by Miner M Justin, agru 'Ittiral I statistician for the bureau. The bu reau also has some figures as regards I prices on the farm, as follows "The level nf rrlcps Pid producers of the I'nited Statrs for the principal crops decreased about 17 per cent during June, in the past ten years the j price level decreased about 0 3 per cent ti irlng June On July 1 the in 'd' figure of prices was 20.6 per cent I higher than a ear ago; 30 6 per cent highe r than two years ago. and lo.1", per cent higher than the average of the past ten years on July 1 "The prices of meat animals hogs, cattle, sheep and chickens to pro ducers of the United Stales decreased 0.8 per cent from May 15 to June IE In the past ten years prices decreased I In like period 1.0 per cent On June 15 the Index flguf' of prices for these meat animals was about 17.8 per cent lower than two years ago, and 09 0 pet .cent higher than the average for the past ten years on June 15." ' The bureau estimates indicate that I apples will prove the banner of the t nation this year in point of produc ition, the condition June 1 being 116 . Jper cent of the average for the last ! ten years over Ue nation as a whole. Fears sre next v.iih 1114 per cent Spring wheat runs 106 8 per rent, peachf.- luC",; alfalfa ha 104; pota itoes, 103.2: sugar beets. 101.4; corn. 1 101; tomatoes. 100.9; winter wheat. 1 96.3 . prunes. 92 4; cotton, 88.6. and 'apricots, the lowest of the crops enu merated, show s condition of T3 6 I Wyoming crop? ,as a whole, show I he beet condition in the nation, with I an average of 112.4. which v. as a gain of 11.9 points since June 1 The hlch est gain during June is Indicated in 1 Texas. 21.3, while North Dakota shows ithe same gain as Wyoming, 11.9; Mon tana's gain was 14.9, and the condl tlon there la given as now IOC. 4 per cent of the ten-year average. I Other states in the western groups show condition and change in p.-n i at ageb as follows. Colorado, 107.6 per cent, a gain duiing June of 2 9 per nt; New Mexico, 100.6, a gain of 6.6; Arizona. 100.6. a gain of 3.9. Nevada, 101, a gain of 0 6. Idaho 1U3.2, ! of 3.3. Washington, 94. 5. a gain of 2.5; i iregon, 102.1. S pain Of 6 6, and Call , lornla, 95 4, a loss of 0 4. UNDERWAY IN CHI CHICAGO, July 16. Another political movement, the Liberal party, was launched today by for mer members of the Committee of Forty-eight, who bolted from 1 hiii organisation. JudKf Arthur O Wray. mayor of York. Neb., and Allen McFurdy. keynoto speaker at the Forty-eight con VSntlon head the new party. It Is probable no presidential ticket will bo named. It was said. The meeting was confined to those persons, some fifty to sixty In number, who signed Its call and all other Forty-lghters were e cludcd from the hall. lister Barlow, leader of th World War Veterans, attempted to make an address, but was In vited to leave. He threatened to call still another convention with himself at the helm. I have never seen so many nuts collect ed tn Chicago a during the past few days." Barlow declared as he If oCurdy announced that the principal purpose of the gather ing was to oppose any attempt to nominate Senator Robert M. La Follelte for president and Wil liam Jennings Bryan for vice DALLAS. Texa. July It. Kev Dr. J. Frank Smith of Dallas, for years a prominent leader In the Presbyterian church, l S. A., and at one time moderator of that ch ir.-li, died at hU honu- here late tonight Dr. Smith suffered . n-r.ons ir-ak-don about a year ago and nj in a New York hospital fr sewral e.-k. He returned here greflv i:nproed In health but suffered a relapse last Jan uary and since had teen confined to I In the d ark and Indications w ere that 'Miss Loynd did not hear the approach The motorman caught a glimpse 0 the Rirl and realized that stopping the train in time was Impossible. He sounded the whlstb' fr.mtlculh and rang the bell, at the same time apply ing the brakes. The girl did not turn I he affirms, and the next moment had been struck with terrific force, the Impart hurling her down the bank and causing instant death. Sheriff Nalder immediately in vest I gated the aeeldenl and decided that 'an inquest was not necessary. George I Hrlggs. undertaker at Layton. took 'hirge of the body. Miss Loynd is survived by her sis ter. Mrs. Frnest Blood of Kaysvlllo. a sister who lhes in California, and a brother Edward Loynd RATE RAISE TO BE FELT HERE Four Ogden Companies Will Be Affected by Proposed Vour lirge I gdi'n companies will be subjected to a big incr"asi- in power rates If the schedule for the service of power to the larger customers of the Utah Power & Light company pro poseel by the power company go Into effect. The revenue of the power com pany would be about doubled over that it Is now recejin- from such ser- ice. ar-cordlng to an exhibit prepared l by order of the public Utilities com mission of Ftah and submitted es terday In connection with the applica tion for an Increase In power ratc3 1 now being considered by the comnus I If the new schedule Is put in effect I the eigden Portland Cement compan I will be increased from $20,000 to 46, 1 000. according to the exhibit. The I L'nlon Portland Cement company will ; be increased from 158,000 to 1142,000"; The Utah-Idaho Centra from $9r.. 000 to $192,000 and the Ogden Pack ing & Provision company from $12, I Oud to $25,000. The exhibit was prepared by R. H. : Ashworth. rate expert repri'snt ing the I power company, L p. Hockett, auditor ! for the commission .ind Hodge M.ir I shall, assistant to the chief electrical engineer, who ! agreement, repre sented the power consumers Their exhibit shows that tho actual revenue derived hy the power eompuny j from consumers of fifty horsepower and over In 1919. was $2. i 1 3,239.71. Had the proposed schedules been In 'effect, the exhibit shows, In accordance I with what Is designated ;ls "Commis sion Plan N'o. 1." the revenue to the I company on exactly the same business would Ire e I" n $ I, Si' ..Hi -' This I Is an Increase of 102 per cent. The exhibit also shows that if the pieqpnl special contract now ui jftre before the commission had no ef- feet, and Instead all the power users were on the present standard sched j ules, the revenue to the eohtpanj : would be $3,23706.90. an Increase of I 31 per cent oxer the present revenue. The revenue that would come from ithe proposed sohedules, however, would be 51 per cent higher than the revenue obtained even If all the pow er users were placed on btandurd DIDN'T KNOW THEY !W BE 50 TOUGH Filming "The Sea Wolf" Brought Him Into Contact With "Hard Cases" George Melford. the veteran motion picture director, who handled the (screening of The Sea Wolf" which 1 shows at the AlhambrS theatre begln ! nlng tomorrow, wai given a big scare lone morning when he arrived at the Ir.tudlo to work on the picture A race I assortment of the toughest character.- I ho had ever seen were awaiting him' at the entrance. Pressed In sweaters 1 and dungarees, with unshaven md scowling faces, tho surged toward him as he approached. .Mr. Melford recoiled a bit and expected to M - knife or revolver flash out. but deem-j Ing forced courage the best policy, he continued his wa through the crowd1 ana Into the studio office "Who are the gang of thilgs out-1 side" ' he asked the assistant director.! "The looked ready to do me up for a nickel. ' "I guess you mean the gentle groue of seafaring men Pve gathered fori "Wolf I-arsens crew, laughed the as-1 Blatant "You know you told me to I get the toughest Mrda I could find. 1 1 I think I'VS found them." " You certainly hvc." said .Mr. Mel ford grimly. "Walt until Ueery sees N'oah Beery plays the role of "Wolf" : In the picture nnd has several rough-and-tumble fist fights with his crew, lit Is to Beery's crodlt that there are I no "pulled punches" ln the film and that he ts easily the physical master Of ;my of the hnrly "extraa." Van Men Canning Co. Amends Its Articles An amendment 10 the articles of In corporation of the Van Alen Canning company was filed ith the secretary 'Of state through its officers. E. K. Van I Alen. president, and F. Rudiger. If provides that the 70.000 treasury (rhares of Hock nay not be sold with out the consent of a majority of the outstanding MjOM shares of stock, ob Jtalned at a stockholders' meeting S. Abbott Magmnis Gets Hon orary Degree from Bolivia 1 1 : s. .bboit Maglnnls. Samuel Abbott Siaginnll smi of Mrs. Letla A M.iginnis of Ogden who Is now minister to Bolivia has had conferred j upon him the degree of honorary 'lawyer by, the University of Chuqulsaca .the oldest Institution of higher learn I log In South America. The degree has I been conferred but on.'o before, on the present president of Uruguay, Bai I tazar Brum. The letter conferring the it"gree by the "i niversldad Mayoi de S;m STrah I clsco Xavler of ChUQUisaca" follows: "The university council bars .lssem hled together In extrarodinary ss-,.-.n and has unanimously ds Ided to con fer uion your er.cclleney the title of I honorary lawyer of this University, j bearing In mind your very hlgll merits 'and as a. proof of sympaihy of t.ie j educational elements of this eity to I wards your person, who. Interpreting the Ideals of Justice and liberty of your country, has sympathized with '.he "On transmitting to you this resolu tion by which you are incorporated in the 'I' niversldad de San Francisco Xavicr" with rank of honorary lawyer I I beg to inform you that the diploma 1 interpreting the thought of the uni versity will he sent to you at La l'az." Police Raid Chinese Estabhsh lishment on Lincoin That the campaign recently Inau gurated by the board of city commis sioners to eliminate professional igafbbllng among 'hlnese is being rigid -! ly carted out by the police department was made evident last night when an alleged R-.imbling house at -t G 2 Uncoln ! aVenue was raided and three celestials j taken into custody The men charged 1 with gambling Were Jim Han. Charley j K 11 ti and Tom Lee. Detectives W A. Taylor and Walter I Moore' were the arresting officers. J The poUee say that las: night's ram (was the fourth attempt to arrest In dividuals at i49t Llnfcoln aVSnue, which i allegfil to be a systematically organized gambling resort. Dctectle Walter Moore, telling of the raid this morning sld. "officer Taylor and myself entered the house and listened utside a door. The clinking of coins could easily be heard. After listening for a mlnut" or two. we demanded that the door tie opened. Upon receiving no compli ance to the request, we turned tne knob of the door. Jim Ham. one of the occupants of the room, opened the door nnd upon .-eeing w ho was peeking entrance, attempted to shut the door In our face. We pushed the door open and entered and caught two Chinamen whom among a number of others, were making an effort to crowd through a doorway, eine was carry ing a sack of silver coin slung ovir one shoulder. Others escaped to an other part of the house, where they apparently started waahlng dishes, sweeping and performing Other menial "Directly under the rays of power ful electric light, was a table, upon which cards were scattered about." Moore's utory was corroborated by Detertlve W. A. Taylor. The Chinese were released upon payment of $oi Tho case will come before the city court Monday morning, the officers said. City Attorney Wade Johnson will represent the city In the case. The case of, Charley Sloan. Mayor of Chinatown, and Jane Doe. a nsgress, who were arrested charged with S statutory offense Is also eiISI led to come before the city court on Monday. Scouts to Make Night Trip to Mountains Scoutmaster Delbert Foulger of Troop 16 together with scouts of tne troop will hike to Mulun's hollow this evening where they' will pitch camp for the night. Tomorrow morning an oyster stew bre.1kf.1st wifl t the re ward for the hiker. Next Thumday evening a meeting of the troop will be held ln the Tweitn ward at which time thanks will be ex. tended the people of the ward fur their assistance in the rtccnt drive. LAST TIMES TODAY RIO GRANDE I From the Famous Play by Augustus Thomas a'"SBssESiifliES8MfcM-. sfrw--.. j s Emerson Hough's Great Story "The Sagebrusher" J The Picture You Will Alviyi Remember OGDEN THEATRE M PICK OF 'EM ALL COMINC SOON . "Jess Call Me Jim," "Butterfly Man," "-5 Minutes From Broadway" "The jH Deep Purple," "The Fortune Teller," "Virgin f Stambout." Arimgton G. Jones Returns From Fishing Trip and Suc cumbs Within Week Arlington Goodale Jones, Ogden tailor, died shortly after 7:30 last cening of leakage of Ihe heart. Hla illness was brought on by overexer tion during a fishing trip which con I eluded last Wednesday. Returning home he took to his bed and steadily He was born In Ogden, Sept. 24, 1881. son of the late Thomas W and Mrs Lonlsa tioodale Jones About ten years ago he succeeded his father in the tailoring business on Twenty-fourth strrt He was prominent in the Modern j Woodmen of America, for several I years acting as head consul. BurviVBg are (he widow. two daughlers, Phyllis Louise Nedra Mary and the following brothers and ; sisters, beside his mother, ."Irs. Annie Maw, Mrs. Cora Cross Irving W. ijone.s, Winifred S. Jones. Thurinan ! Jones. Mrs liuby McCormick, Mrs. j Myrtle Freeman. Mrs Beatrice Stew art, and Allen Jon :L The body" was takeTi in charge by 1 Larkin & Son to be prepared for "Big Roy" Stewart Is Star at Ogden Sunday As with all cinema stars, picture! fans have raxed over liny Stewart in j j All manner of descriptive terms to be found In- Xoah Webster's dictionary. I I Bravo, beautiful, thrilling, niunly. hus-l ky, heroic those ami dOSSns 0 other! Him liar terms have been worked to! death by Roy Stewart nthuslastn. 1 There is. however, a sense of th. fit Jneas of things in the normal human that keeps some te'ms of description from beinjf applied to some object. Mr. Stewart had been protected by thin, so far as his own ears or eyes registered, most of his career as a j 1 screen star. But while out in a far away sagebrush town on the western j I plains, playinc l)r Barnes" In the I all star cast of the Llen.l B. Hampton j photoplay of Kmcreon floush's novel "The Sagebrusher," which comes to I the gdcn theatre beginning Sunday. 1 he was hit right between th" eyes with 'one of thorn unfitting terms. lie was strolling along the town street for relaxation after a hard duy I of work, and passed three part-grown j girls, who had heard that he was the famous Itoy Stewart and were using their eyes to the limit. Just after they passed him tho star heard one of I them observe: "Oh. Helen ain't he cute?" Judge Johnson Moves to Cottage in Canyon Judge Tilman D. Johnson of the' I'nited States district court in Salt Lako City arrived here yesterday I bound for his summer cottage In Og den canyon, where ho will spend the remainder of the summer except for such periods as court work requires Rev. Matthews Back; Rev. Godfrey .Matthews and Mrs. Matthews have returned from San 1 rlego. w hero the ogden minister filled l the Congregational church pulpit xtnl the absence of the prwher. Ll The Rev. Matthewj will officiate otii the morning serleo of worship to-l morrow at 11 o'clock. His subject j mil be The Voice of Many Watars."4 MOOSE LEGION 1 ! GOES TDEUHEM I Lodge Prepares for Big Outing I at Lorin Farr Park K Next Thursday I About 5f Leplonnnires of Ogden BtJ lodge No 1814 l. 'i Moose wei t. d p in in sutomobilea al 1 o't lot i B. f this afternoon for Eureka for i lodgi frolic In connection with their trip B the ogden lodge men will do a little iLiVi advertising for Mo'.-u- day to bo held v 1 1 I .r in rr park. 1 hurl.i -Br C ! Th Mooae ill their ' cimmlttee declares the M006C will 1(1 Btt'i demonstrate again what good enter- I Wi tnlners they ar- and Incident. ill will II I i ii i n more i gd i m citizens should Join the order Information about the Moose Le- I :nn and the Moose In gen ral la con- ,talnefl In the following excerpt from iibbF'1 ithe Mooseheart Maaasine in an article K'sj on "What 1 Saw at Mooseheart." I I "Mooseheart a thlr'.y-five miles m fl from the city of Chicago and has near- ly eleven hundred seres ol land and M'l j about fifty buildings of eoncrete con- aiBBalF I struct Ion and fire 'roof. There la a bbbbHh! central heating and power plant with aWn red tile roofs. Large modern faro) Bisn plant Industrial buildings, hospital a aEES jand reaideacea IBVery child is given Pvk a high school education. The hoys Wfl 1 1 i 1 i . i . . i . y.. e,ri are taught rnlUlnery, drssa mak- I Ing and stenography. My Impression Oil '!.' h"llle i lir I lei ni i- B PVj pectatlons. It is a city in Itself. The IBBv children looked so happy and carefreSi aH healthy and perfeetlj at home in svsrj ICiSil i i i" l word m Orphan e If lum or a Friendly asylum, no walla BW- i o aaaw Iron bars on the windows. It is non- k' ' irlan Jew i G Prol H ... i ILaaaai H;e faith of Him parents There I no corporal punishment tolerated by H I (he governors. There- Is a large nurs- H cry for the very young Infants with BBBB competent nurses ajid doctors always BBBp. at hand, a large and up-to-date hos- VBBBJ .pltal. erected ut a cost of one hundred Waaakisl m from Philadi BBBT I phis ludKe No. 54. There is one of the BJBJ I largest dairy farms ln this section of ftn the country on the grounds with BBBH i r.f t Holsteln i nth to furnish milk I '1 and '-ream and butter fir the atudenta BSa There large aW boating and fishing arc indulged in LaaWP The- have mllttar training for rhe LaaaiaV' boys, under a V s. arm officer. They aaaBrVt have a crack baseball and football LaaViai team. A Iks' band of fifty pieces and aaPalt a KirK orchealra nnd r compel . tenchers. A savings bank which teaehe thrift to th children , . their pennies. I have traveled In aaaaaEF4 Kurope and have visited Germany. aaaaHS; orwa. Sweden and Austria ll unKar aaaarJ hut 1 have nuer Keen an pla, ,. dia'. LaaaTsMsiv oould compan with th training and II voeatlonal education that the boys and L 1 1 ' if Hr they lire ready to go out Into the uorld aaaaaaaaL 1 1 1 rnakt an honest living tnd become Bf self-sustaining and women BM loyal American citizens. ' And noav. my brothers, n word in aVtarJ KsTsi regard to the Mooseheart Legion. If t&i you have not yet lolned th- . the second degree and playground of tesLi! the Loal tirder of Moose, someone aial has been negligent In falling to udvige tfH mission. Whili & true that a part ot our" work is de- Vafl voted to fun and frolic, these ur,. Jaaal merely incidents. our prlmarv ob- fm Ject is to -help the kiddles at Moose- heart, ana for those who haVe not v vet taken the second degree and whose 11 iissUttance wo arc row soliciting The w L I k-ijo whl!' i part oi the lyal r- s der of Moose, has ( m its aim and ob- B ject a greuter betpfulnes to Moon-. heart and a happy, contented chlio Ji I I t"T I'- Ogden Grain Lxchange , Elects New Officers f r i . erg and directors of tb 0 RV Bschangt v. . r. elected al fesjBJ iinuul meeting as follow, according f' lo an announcement mad today: aaarJa - ' I H Hollister, preeidenl 11 L Hoi- fcw ley. vice president: B. L. Ulack. eec- " aaafsf !'i sad director! H 9, R. Flack. J. If. Barnhnrt of ogden aaaaaT I McCoy, l-oeatelio: David Robin-, Laafjl jnd William Barrett, Salt Lake LBS
- About IDCE Richard Ford, Ph.D. Research Professor of International Development and Social Change Ph.D. in African History, University of Denver, 1966 M.A. in History, Yale University, 1959 B.A. Economics, Denison University, 1957 Resource trends and resource management in Africa, community participation and sustainable development, conflict mediation, community-based planning, monitoring and evaluation Professor Richard Ford has 40 years field experience in rural African land use and management. His writings focus on community institutions, integration of traditional practices into contemporary decision-making and policy, poverty alleviation, conflict mediation, and community-based planning. He has worked in 25 African countries (especially Kenya, Somalia, Somaliland, Ghana, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Senegal, Mali, The Gambia, Malawi, Zambia, Madagascar, and Rwanda) on these themes. More recently, he has conducted field research and training in India, The Philippines, Romania, Iraq, Bangladesh, and the South Pacific. In 1988, working jointly with colleagues from Clark and Kenya's National Environment Secretariat, he adapted the Rapid Rural Appraisal to be responsive to community priorities and needs. This was the beginning of Participatory Rural Appraisal (PRA). Since that time, PRA has spread to many thousands of agencies in Africa and elsewhere. Ford has been the recipient of several foundation and agency grants including those from the U.S. Peace Corps, Ford Foundation, ActionAid, VITA, US-AID, African Development Foundation, Development Alternatives, Save the Children, Terre des Hommes Foundation Italy, International Cooperation for Development, Ghana Organization for Voluntary Assistance, Chemonics, United States Institute of Peace, and GTZ primarily on applications of participatory rural appraisal and policy analysis for participatory poverty alleviation for village-based planning, implementation, monitoring, and evaluation. An IDCE student/faculty team, led by Ford and IDCE director William Fisher, helped conduct workshops with the Bhutanese that provided tools and strategies to help them establish lives in the United States. The program stems from Ford’s work in Kenya 25 years ago, where he and fellow Clark research professor Barbara Thomas-Slayter, working with several Kenyan colleagues, developed the process known as PRA, which uses community-based development and action to build stable, thriving communities. Ford and his students first put those practices to use domestically in Lewiston, Maine, which has been host to an influx of refugees from war-torn Somalia beginning in 2001. For the Concord project, he conducted a seven-week module course on PRA during the spring 2010 semester that was designed to be a “hands-on community-building experience.” As a result of the project, the group developed the publication "The Long Trek from Bhutan to America: A Journey from the Foothills of the Himalayas to Concord, New Hampshire," which you can download as a PDF file. Read more about the project and view the video here. Ford, R.B., Edna Adan Ismail, Hussein M. Adam, (eds.) War Destroys, Peace Nurtures: Somali Reconciliation and Development (Africa World Press, 2004). Ford, R.B. and Hussein Adam (eds.) Mending Rips in the Sky: Exploring Options for Somali Communities in the 21st Century, Red Sea Press, 1997. Ford, R.B., “Somali Pastoralists in Lewiston, Maine: Searching with Participatory Tools for a New Life,” in Somalia: Diaspora and State Reconstitution In The Horn Of Africa, Abdulkadir Osman Farah, Mammo Muchie & Joakim Gundel, (eds.) Adonis &Abbey Publishers, 2007. Ford, R.B., “Sub-Saharan Africa: Muslim Women’s Agriculture in East Africa,” in Encyclopedia of Women and Islamic Cultures, Vol. 4, Economics, Education, Mobility, and Space, Suad Joseph (ed.), Brill: Leiden and Boston, 2007. Ford, R.B., Mark Bohe, Edith Veg, Zsofia Sztranyiczki, Magda Zoltan, Edit Bartha and Catherine Cordes, Reducing Conflict, Increasing Development: A Case Study of Felsőrákos in the Háromszék Region, Transylvania, (IDCE, Clark University; Unitarian Universalist Church of Romania, Unitarian Universalist Partner Church Council, 2005. also available in Hungarian. Ford, R.B., Assane Goudiaby, Laura Miller, and Louise Sarr, “PAPPA à Nganda: rapport préliminaire, - (a field guide for use in Francophone West Africa), Published jointly by ISE/Senegal and IDCE/Clark, 2005. Ford. R.B., “Using Participatory Tools in Refugee Settlements: An Example from the Somali Community in Lewiston, Maine (USA) in Kari Nes, Tove Skoug, Marit Strømstad (eds.), Somaliere i Norge: Perspektiver på integrering, språk og religion (Vallset, Norway, 2005). Ford, R.B., Nihal Anton Attanayake, Myra Vivaris-Waddington, Rebecca Quimada Sienes, Mato Bato - Solving a Water Problem on Negros Island through Community Action: A PAPPA Community-Based Assessment of Nagbinlod Barangay Santa Catalina Municipality Negros, The Philippines (IDCE, Clark University; Unitarian Universalist Church of the Philippines, 2004) Ford, R.B. and Adan Abokor, “Participatory Tools for Peace Building: New Models for African Governance,” in War Destroys, Peace Nurtures: Somali Reconciliation and Development (Africa World Press, 2004). Ford, R.B., Laura Hammond, Abdirizak Mahboub, and Shukri Abdillahi entitled, Somali Families in Hillview: Assessing Needs, Setting Priorities, Building Consensus. (IDCE and the City of Lewiston, 2003). Ford, R.B. Adan Abokor and Shukri Abdullahi, Nabad iyo Caano (Peace and Milk): Linking Peace Building and Community-Based Development for a Decentralized Somaliland (Program for International Development, Clark University, 2002). Ford, R.B. and B.Thomas-Slayter, "Alternatives to Anarchy: Africa’s Transition from Agricultural to Industrial Societies" in Progress in Planning, (Volume 56, Part 2, August 2001). Ford, R.B., Eric Arthur Thipthorpe, and Abdullah Al Hasan Shamin, Listening to Street and Slum Children in Dhaka (Bangladesh): Using Participatory Tools for Urban Planning and Action. (2001). Ford, R.B. and William McConnell, “Linking GIS and Participation to Manage Natural Resources in Madagascar,” in Biological Diversity: Balancing Interests through Adaptive Collaborative Management, (eds. Louise E. Buck, Charles C. Geisler, John W. Schelhas and Eva Wollenberg, CRC Press, Boca Raton, 2001). Ford, R.B., “Building Capacities for Local Governance: An Example from Somalia of Planning, Conflict Resolution, and Action When There Is No Government”(Bar El, R. (ed.) Proceedings of Conference on Integration of the Mediterranean Basin, 2000). Ford, R.B. with Frances Lelo and Harlys Rabarison, “New Models for Community-Based Monitoring: Linking Governance and Responsible Resource Management” in African Development Perspectives Yearbook, Vol 3, (Lit Verlag Munster, Hamburg, 1999). Ford, R.B. “Katheka Revisited: An Inquiry Into Participation, Urban Agriculture, and the Challenge of Intensified Resource Utilization,” in David Grossman (ed.) Urban and Peri-Urban Agriculture in Africa (Ashgate: Aldershot, 1999). Ford, R.B and Hussein Adam, “Removing Barricades: Options for Peace and Rehabilitation in Somalia” Peaceworks Series of the United States Institute of Peace, 1999. Ford, R.B. Francis Lelo and Harlys Rabarison. “Linking Governance and Effective Resource Management: A Guidebook for Community-Based Monitoring and Evaluation,” Program for International Development, Egerton University, and APAM (Protected Areas of Andasibe/Mantadia) Madagascar, March, 1998. Community Development and Planning Participatory Development Planning
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia |February 24, 1882 - December 16, 1948 (aged 66)| General Hayao Tada |Place of birth||Sendai, Miyagi, Japan| |Allegiance||Empire of Japan| |Service/branch||Imperial Japanese Army| |Years of service||1903 -1945| |Commands held||China Garrison Army.| IJA 11th Division, IJA Third Army, North China Area Army Second Sino-Japanese War |Awards||Order of the Golden Kite (2nd class)| Tada graduated from the 25th class of the Army War College (Japan) in 1913. He served as an instructor to the Chinese Army at the Beijing Military Academy from 1926-1927. After returning to Japan, he served as an instructor at the Army War College from 1927-1928, before being give a field command as commander of the IJA 4th Field Artillery Regiment in 1928. He was promoted to Chief of staff (military) of the IJA 16th Division in 1930. Tada returned to the Beijing Military Academy from 1931-1932. From 1932-1934, Tada was Chief Military Advisor to the Empire of Manchukuo. From 1 August 1935 – 1 May 1936 Tada served as commander in chief of the China Garrison Army. Shortly before the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War, Tada assumed command of the IJA 11th Division. However, he was recalled to Japan on 14 August 1937 to become Vice Chief of the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff. He concurrently held the post of Commandant of the Army Staff College. After the Marco Polo Bridge Incident, Tada attempted to contact Kuomintang leader Chiang Kai-shek to defuse tensions between Japan and China. Tada argued that both countries faced the same external threat from the Soviet Union and internal threat from communism, and should not waste precious resources fighting one another; however, Tada's efforts were overruled by Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe, Army Minister Hajime Sugiyama, Navy Minister Mitsumasa Yonai and Foreign Minister Koki Hirota, all of whom berated Tada for attempting to effect private diplomacy. Tada returned to China on 10 December 1938 as commander of the Japanese Third Army. On 12 September 1939, he was promoted to commander in chief of the North China Area Army. Despite his earlier efforts at peace, Tada was a vigorous commander, and promoted the separation of the northern provinces of China into a puppet state independent of control of the Kuomintang government. After the end of the war, Tada was arrested by the SCAP occupation authorities and was held for trial for alleged “Class A” war crimes. He died in prison on 16 December 1948, before the end of the trial. It was revealed a week after his death that he was scheduled to have been released without charges being pressed. - Dorn, Frank (1974). The Sino-Japanese War, 1937-41;: From Marco Polo Bridge to Pearl Harbor. MacMillan.. isbn = 0025322001. - Ammenthorp, Steen. "Tada Hayao". The Generals of World War II. http://www.generals.dk/general/Tada/Hayao/Japan.html. - Japanese bio site - ^ Ammenthorp, The Generals of World War II
Have you seen the Garden Fence quilt-along over at McIntyre Girl? Love this pattern, and Elizabeth's kaleidoscope quilt-along is wrapping up soon... I'm thinking this might be a fun way to put my (somewhat embarrassing) Hideaway stash to use. Home again, home again (and very tired) 9 hours ago
With over ten years of experience under his belt, DJ Co-op likes to think of himself as Winnipeg’s most versatile DJ. From the early days of throwing underground hip-hop nights and dance parties, to earning a spot in the 2005 Canadian DMC battle finals. His fresh and intelligent mixes have blown up Canadian Campus radio charts, and gotten love online from sites including discobelle.net. Most recently Co-op has been found backing up Epitaph/Big Dada rapper Cadence Weapon. He’s also incredibly good at pinball.
Late fee $260. Regsiter now spots are filling fast, spaces are limited so don't delay. Additional program: Don't forget to register your child in our Saturday Player Training Camps. For a minimal fee of $50.00 your child will learn principles of defending, attaching, motor skill development and much more. The Keeper Camp is perfect for the child that enjoys playing in net, yet has never had formal goalkeeper training.! We have improved our HL program for 2012, based on the feedback that we received from our membership. This year we have implemented a player assessment/identification camp. Every year we have similar challenges when organizing teams and coaching staff. All members can always get extra training from the best technical trainers in the business, veterans like Carmine Isaaco, Sergio DeLuca, and Paolo Ceccarelli. VSC offers many training camps to develop our youth who are interested in cracking a REP program in the future! We look forward to an exciting and excellent 2012 Outdoor Soccer season this year! The VSC also offers several courses available to our members, take advantage NOW!!! We offer a St. John's Ambulance First Aid Course, as a well as courses that help everyone understand what really is important to the building our youth: Respect in SOCCER. We all love to compete, and we love to win, but in the end, it is more important to enjoy the experience, have fun and share with your community the joy of playing the beautiful game of soccer. Winning and losing are all experiences that will shape our youth for the future. The relationships with the many families and friends will last a lifetime!
Food | Wine, Kids | Family During Black History Month, Winn-Dixie proudly celebrates the diversity of its customers and the many flavors of the African-American heritage by hosting a Legacy of Good Eating at select stores. As part of the celebrations, shoppers will enjoy an afternoon of family, food and heritage and will be treated to a live cooking demonstration featuring Gold Medal award winner and nationally recognized Chef Jackson, who will prepare a kickin’ jerk chicken dish. In addition to the delicious food tastings, event attendees can pick up new recipes such as pan seared pork chops, seafood and sausage jambalaya, Hoppin’ John and shrimp, avocado and mango salsa to add to their cook books, as well as enjoy a live radio remote, children’s activities and more. For more information, visit www.winndixie.com/mylegacy.
Yahoo refreshes Widgets - — 23 March, 2007 12:04 Yahoo Thursday updated its free Widget software and touted the program's new automatic updating feature and its lighter appetite for RAM. Widgets 4.0, which runs on Microsoft Windows -- including Vista -- and Apple Inc.'s Mac OS X, requires 40 percent less memory than before and automatically updates all widgets a user has previously downloaded when new versions are available, the company said. The software now also includes a dock that shows widgets -- those active on the desktop as well as all those downloaded -- in a strip-like display, vaguely similar to the way Windows Vista shows Gadgets in its Sidebar. Also new are improved widget-making tools and something Yahoo dubbed Gallery Widget, which lets users locate and download any of the thousands of widgets without opening a browser. Widgets on Mac OS X competes with Apple's own small applications by the same name and Microsoft's Gadgets. Yahoo acquired the software, previously known as Konfabulator, in a 2005 purchase of Pixoria. The software is available for download from Yahoo's site.
WATCH #FORUM Full Length & Free For a Limited Time videos by Lorene Voskinarian October 24th, 2012No Comments Tweet Forum is making their latest film #FORUM free to watch for a very limited time. Check it out below. Related posts:Win a Trip to the Streets at Seven SpringsBurton Shakes Up Brand Lineup Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website XHTML: You can use these tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
Be notified of site updates, subscribe to the newsletter. Wow this is great, I like jrpg and I agree with Leraje she really looks like Yuna. that's good. i like how the girls face blends into the background I kinda agree with that anonymous person, the eyes indeed apear to be looking in different directions. But I like the picture Never the less. Just a bit for 'friendly-fellow-artist' advise. try adding a little more shadowing. It would be better tenfold. ...Looks a bit like Yuna from final fantasy 10 as well.... her eyes are looking different directions....=) she is a friggin cartoon character, fool. its okay, i geuss, but really, couldn't you make something of your own, rather than getting your ideas from already existent, popular characters? i dunno, just a suggestion. what happened to her neck? she practice some kind of gym? FF style but cool nice pic of final fantasy i think it should be all right compared to 7.2 Skin tones and collar bones. fix that and you have a great life-like piece. She's hot. She looks like Yuna from Final Fantasy X though.
In one of the most critical junctures of the season, South Carolina not only finds itself recovering from a tough road loss against the LSU Tigers, but recovering from injuries with several key players hurt and others fighting a flu bug. "We've had a bunch of guys sick," said Spurrier at Wednesday's practice. That flu bug has limited practice for wide receivers Bruce Ellington and Ace Sanders, but they will likely play. But the talk of the week hasn't been that flu bug, but instead whether or not running back Marcus Lattimore will play. Lattimore hasn't practiced all week due to a bruised hip, but will suit up for Saturday's contest. An injured Kelcy Quarles will sit out this week's game, while Jadeveon Clowney endures a nagging foot injury, but will still play. After suffering their first loss of the season, the Gamecocks head to Gainesville, Florida, for the last of what's been called a "Gauntlet" by college football analyst Brent Mussberger – a brutal three-week stretch of SEC games for South Carolina that includes Georgia, LSU, and now the Florida Gators. "If we're going to win our division, which we hope to do, this is a crucial game," Spurrier said at Tuesday's press conference. "If we go on a 3-game winning streak, we can win it." Florida has been the surprise team of the SEC this year, with media members picking them to finish third in the race for the SEC East behind Georgia and South Carolina during the league's media days back in July. With an undefeated record and statement wins against Texas A&M, Tennessee, and LSU, Florida will be the outright favorites to win the East if they walk away with a win on Saturday. However, if the Gamecocks win, they will hold the tie-breaking win over the Gators and the Bulldogs, which will give them a greater chance to represent the East in the SEC Championship game should they win the remainder of their conference schedule. So the question remains, will the Gamecocks be healthy enough to tackle the Gators in the Sunshine State in a must win situation? Thursday, April 25 2013 7:03 AM EDT2013-04-25 11:03:18 GMT (RNN) - Big guys are likely to be the stars of the show Thursday night when the NFL Draft again airs in primetime on ESPN, live from Radio City Music Hall. Barring unforeseen weirdness - which can neverMore >> The NFL Draft with all its drama and uncertainty airs live in prime time Thursday night. Luke Joeckel, Manti Te'o, SEC stars and borderline quarterbacks are among this year's mysteries.More >> Thursday, April 18 2013 8:52 PM EDT2013-04-19 00:52:03 GMT (RNN) - Spring practice in the SEC climaxes Saturday when five more teams hold their annual spring scrimmages. Interesting fact: So far the biggest attendance at a spring game this season was at KentuckyMore >> New coaches at Tennessee, Auburn and Arkansas will give us the first glimpse of their teams in Saturday's SEC spring games. Two-time defending national champion Alabama and Mississippi State also give fans a break from the long college football offseason. Thursday, April 11 2013 7:00 AM EDT2013-04-11 11:00:16 GMT Many Southeastern Conference football fans will finally get a look at their favorite teams this Saturday, April 13, and several of the annual spring games will be broadcast on TV and on the Web.Texas A&MMore >> Southeastern Conference fans are beginning to stir as South Carolina, Texas A&M, Ole Miss, Vanderbilt and Kentucky all hold their annual spring football games on Saturday, April 13.More >> Monday, January 7 2013 6:00 AM EST2013-01-07 11:00:08 GMT Miami (RNN) - Notre Dame coach Brian Kelly said the team that makes the most mistakes may well win tonight. Not a misprint.He explained that odd statement Sunday at the final news conference before theMore >> Notre Dame coach Brian Kelly said the team that makes the most mistakes may win tonight. He meant the team that takes the most chances, forces the action and sets the pace. Teams that do that make mistakes. But they cause the other guys to make mistakes, too. More >> Sunday, January 6 2013 11:52 AM EST2013-01-06 16:52:47 GMT Alabama head football coach Nick Saban and Notre Dame head football coach Brian Kelly shook hands Sunday morning in front of the Coaches' Trophy, the prize their two teams want to take home Monday night.More >> Alabama head football coach Nick Saban and Notre Dame head football coach Brian Kelly shook hands Sunday morning in front of the Coaches' Trophy, the prize their two teams want to take home Monday night. More >> Friday, December 7 2012 8:37 AM EST2012-12-07 13:37:38 GMT (RNN) - Butch Jones has been hired as the next head football coach of the Tennessee Volunteers, according to ESPN. Jones has resigned from his position as Cincinnati's head coach, effective immediately,More >> Butch Jones has been hired as the next head football coach of the Tennessee Volunteers, according to ESPN.More >> Thursday, November 29 2012 12:54 PM EST2012-11-29 17:54:22 GMT Offensively, Alabama and Georgia both feature efficient if not flashy quarterbacks, steady if not high-profile receivers and a pair of running backs anyone would love to have. The breakdown: Quarterback: GeorgiaMore >> Alabama and Georgia both feature efficient if not flashy quarterbacks, steady if not high-profile receivers and a pair of running backs anyone would love to have. Georgia's defense has more stars; Alabama's defense has performed better as a unit. Monday, November 26 2012 6:15 PM EST2012-11-26 23:15:13 GMT It is never too early to project where those teams will play, who they will play and, for good measure, the result.More >> The chaos of the scramble to play in the BCS Championship Game has come down to one possibility - the winner of Bama-Georgia plays Notre Dame. But how the rest of the bowl pairings might shake out is another interesting puzzle. Here are our projections. More >> Thursday, November 15 2012 4:55 PM EST2012-11-15 21:55:31 GMT (RNN) - This is mostly a week of throwaway games as SEC teams prep for next week, which features turkey, dressing and a lot of rivalry games.But a bad November Saturday in SEC Country watching ball isMore >> Can Johnny Football gain 1 billion yards? Can Alabama score 1 billion points? And can Vanderbilt beat Tennessee for only the second time in 1 billion years? Tune in this week and find out.More >>
Bruce, Arroyo Lead Reds to 7-3 Win Over Mets NEW YORK, NY - Jay Bruce hit an inside-the-park homer that left Jason Bay with yet another injury and the Cincinnati Reds beat the New York Mets 7-3 on Friday night to give Bronson Arroyo his first victory in 5½ weeks. Brandon Phillips added a two-run shot to extend his recent hitting tear and the NL Central leaders followed up a three-game sweep of intrastate rival Cleveland by winning the series opener at Citi Field, a nice present for manager Dusty Baker on his 63rd birthday. Arroyo, who was 0-3 in six starts since beating Milwaukee on May 7, found his form against one of his favorite opponents. The right-hander entered 7-2 with a 2.81 ERA and three complete games in his previous 12 starts against the Mets — with five other outings that lasted eight innings.
Subaru 2004 White WRX 5-speed with 25k miles *CLEAN* Sun May 18, 2008 Distance from you Selling a 2004 Subaru WRX manual transmission. I am the original owner and a non-smoker. The car is garage kept, gets regular maintenance (synthetic oil), has a clean title, no major accidents, runs like new, and is in great shape. It is still under warranty (transferable) through March 2011. I am selling it because I recently purchased an STi. In order to keep the low-key look Iíve come to love, I switched the trunk and fog light covers from my new STi onto the WRX. They still have STi markings but the car is NOT an STi. The trunk has the famous STi rear wing, which is included free. The engine, intake, exhaust, interior, and wheels are all stock. It still has the original tires (RE92s) and clutch as well. The tires have about 50% tread life left and the clutch feels like new. These cars are extremely hard to find clean. Again, this car is still under warranty. The WRX carries the remainder of a 7 year/100k warranty I purchased when it was new. It covers nearly everything INCLUDING the turbo and is fully transferable. It is included in the purchase.
In an article in The New York Times on Wednesday, I wrote about how high-tech Silicon Valley solar companies are retooling their strategies to compete with low-cost Chinese manufacturers. Over the last two years, Chinese solar panel makers like Suntech and Yingli Green Energy have moved aggressively into the United States and now supply about 40 percent of the California market, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance, a research firm. China’s growing dominance of the global solar market has been on display in Los Angeles this week at the Solar Power International conference, one of the industry’s biggest annual get-togethers. In a vast exhibition hall, the booth of one Silicon Valley start-up, Solyndra, is surrounded by a sea of Chinese solar companies offering their wares. As prices for conventional silicon-based solar panels plummet, pressure has increased on Silicon Valley start-ups like Solyndra that make a type of photovoltaic cell called copper indium gallium selenide, or CIGS. Though less efficient at converting sunlight into electricity, the promise of the technology was that it could be made cheaply – at least until the cost of conventional solar module prices fell 40 percent over the past year. That led Solyndra to start production two months ahead of schedule at its new $733 million factory in Fremont, Calif., and to speed up development of its next-generation solar panel. “It definitely puts more pressure on us to bring our costs down as quickly as possible by ramping up volume,” said Ben Bierman, Solyndra’s executive vice president for operations and engineering, as driverless carts shuttled stacks of photovoltaic parts to large orange robots at Fab 1, the company’s original factory. Nathaniel Bullard, a solar analyst with Bloomberg New Energy Finance in San Francisco, said that success for high-tech Silicon Valley solar companies may depend on finding a big market niche they can dominate. Solyndra, for instance, makes lightweight solar panels that snap together like Legos and can be installed on large commercial rooftops unable to support heavier conventional panels. On the roof of the company’s headquarters, Mr. Bierman recently gave me an advance look at its new solar panel, which is more powerful but requires far less labor to install. “We really took a lot of the cost out and accelerated development in response to the Chinese,” Mr. Bierman said. China presents different challenges for SunPower, which was founded in 1985 and is the granddaddy of Silicon Valley solar companies. SunPower makes conventional solar panels but has also pursued a high-technology strategy and says it produces the world’s most efficient photovoltaic modules. (Architects and fashion-forward homeowners also favor the company’s sleek jet-black panels.) In recent years, SunPower has increasingly focused on building big photovoltaic power plants to supply electricity to utilities that put a premium on technological performance, reliability and a company’s ability to manage complex projects. “In the old days, the saying was that nobody gets fired for buying I.B.M.,” Thomas Werner, SunPower’s chief executive, said in an interview. “That’s what we want to be in solar, and we are in fact.” He said that while SunPower competes on costs, it does not aim to be the lowest-cost manufacturer. “We want to have the best technologies so that people buy us for the reasons they buy a company’s product like Apple,” Mr. Werner said. “I don’t want to be the iPhone without the apps.”
By SARA SJOLIN And MICHELE MAATOUK Weak macroeconomic data knocked the air out of European stock markets on Thursday, with miners, car makers and banks leading declines. The Stoxx Europe 600 index lost 0.8% to close at 264.97, its lowest closing level since Aug. 3. "There are concerns that we're moving into a season of storms, and not just in relation to the weather, and markets are always more volatile in that period," said Justin Urquhart Stewart, co-founder of Seven Investment Management. "We can see that we have the German constitutional court decision, Dutch elections, the Jackson Hole meeting and the ECB meeting ahead of us, so there's a series of potential mines that could go off." He stressed, however, that "we are seeing some fundamental changes since months ago," when people feared Greece would exit the euro zone. The number of unemployed Germans grew by a seasonally adjusted 9,000 in August, above analysts' expectations of an 8,000 rise, while the European Commission said its euro-zone economic-sentiment indicator fell to 86.1 in August from 87.9 in July, as all the sector indexes declined. U.S. stocks took the numbers badly, along word from a Spanish official who said the country would delay deciding whether to seek a bailout, bringing the region's debt crisis back in focus. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98 points, or 0.8%, to 13009 in midday trading. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gave up 10 points, or 0.7% to 1400. Energy and technology shares led decline across all of the index's 10 sectors. The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 28 points, or 0.69, to 3053. U.S. jobless claims were unchanged at 374,000 last week. The world's biggest advertising firm, WPP was among notable decliners in the pan-European index, off 1.6%, after cutting its revenue forecast for 2012 and reporting mixed first-half results. In contrast, shares of French food retailer Carrefour jumped 6.7% as it narrowed its first-half loss from the year-ago-period, even as operating profit dropped because of pressure on key markets. In Italy, the Treasury succeeded in mostly lowering borrowing costs at 5- and 10-year bond auctions. The FTSE MIB index, however, fell 1.1% to 14780.55. Banks, which tend to be among the biggest decliners in a negative trading environment, saw broad-based losses on most European bourses. The FTSE 100 index slipped 0.4% to 5719.45. Commodity broker Glencore International dropped 3%, as Qatar Holding LLC, the investment arm of the country's sovereign-wealth fund, warned that it will vote against the proposed merger between Glencore and Xstrata . Shares of Xstrata lost 2.5%. French stocks were mostly lower, with Pernod Ricard down 2.4%. The drinks company reported a 10% rise in full-year profit, but missed analysts' expectations. The CAC 40 index fell 1% to 3379.11 in Paris. Vivendi rose 3.3% as the media and telecommunications firm reported adjusted earnings before interest and tax that beat analysts' estimates. "We're probably heading into a rough period for German autos, [as] margins will deteriorate faster than expected due to pricing cuts and production declines" in China, Bernstein Research wrote in a note. Toward the end of the session, stocks took another leg lower after the International Monetary Fund said it wasn't working on a financial-assistance program for Spain. It also said it sees further room for accommodative action by the ECB. These comments weighed on the euro, which by the time of the European markets' close, was fetching $1.2506 from $1.2530 late Wednesday in New York. Among commodities, light, sweet crude for October delivery was down $1.32 at $94.17 on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Comex Gold for December delivery was down $5.40 at $1,657.60. Write to Michele Maatouk at email@example.com
|Kudos to S&P, Bronx Cheer for Buffet| I would like to offer, unfortunately, congratulations to Standard and Poor’s for trying to improve their services. After getting so much wrong, they are making an honest effort to get something right and have taken down the U.S. credit rating one notch. And for that they are being excoriated by everyone from Tim Geithner to Warren Buffet. Their major criticism stems from the idea that the U.S. has a printing press and therefore can never default on principal and interest payments. Therefore, some pundits are claiming that the credit ratings agency had no right to consider the decline of the dollar and the reduction of its purchasing power when making their determination to take Treasuries to AA+. Warren Buffet said today that he would continue to buy Treasuries even though they returned zero interest and that the U.S. central bank would guarantee any such default to be impossible. In other words what he and others are saying is that the United States doesn’t need to offer any interest rate at all on any of its debt and shouldn’t bother taxing its citizens either. If investing geniuses like Warren Buffet are willing to buy Treasuries regardless of their yield and our ability to pay through legitimate taxation, then why bother going through the ruse at all. In fact, all a ratings agency needs to do in order to provide a AAA credit rating to a country’s debt is go through the rigorous work involved in determining if a country has a central bank. As long as they can print money and destroy their currency there is no chance of a default. To follow this logic, Weimar Germany and Zimbabwe debt should have held AAA credit ratings throughout those hyperinflation crises. What Standard and Poor’s is warning about is the possibility of an inflationary death spiral where the debt to GDP ratio becomes intractable and the Fed is forced to monetize debt in order to keep interest rates low and the U.S. solvent—Europe is in this position right now and the U.S. is not more than several years away. However, inflation is anathema to the bond market and yields eventually soar despite of, or perhaps more appropriately, because of the central bank’s efforts. The country eventually collapses through the decimation of the middle class. What Standard and Poor’s is trying to accomplish is to warn the U.S. to get the growth in the deficit below that of our GDP growth as soon as possible. For that they should be congratulated and not vilified.
|The First Storm Author: HaloFin17 PM Ereinion experiences his first storm after being sent to the Havens. A fluffy CirdanEreinion fic, partially inspired by a few lines from my story 'Weakness'. Please enjoy, and feel free to review!Rated: Fiction K - English - Family/Hurt/Comfort - Gil-Galad & Círdan - Words: 2,442 - Reviews: 5 - Favs: 8 - Published: 07-24-07 - Status: Complete - id: 3678467 |A+ A- Full 3/4 1/2 Expand Tighten| Summary: Ereinion experiences his first storm after being sent to the Havens. A fluffy Cirdan/Ereinion fic. Please enjoy, and feel free to review! Disclaimer: I will never own Cirdan or Ereinion no matter how much I love them. Yet no small amount of credit for this fic must also go to Dragon Confused and Levade. Even if they never read this, their own superb writings have helped inspire this story, and I would be honored if they would consider it as a sort of tribute story to some of theirs. Incidentally, f you like this, check out their profiles for some more amazing young Ereinion stories! You won't be disappointed! Author's Note: This oneshot was kind of inspired by a very small part of my story "Weakness," in which Cirdan gently teases Gil-galad about how he used to wake him up during the storms of the Havens as a child because he was scared. So hopefully those of you who have also been reading along in that story will have a special appreciation for this one as well. Enjoy! The First Storm The rumbling thunderclap was rapidly followed by yet another strobe of lightning and the subsequent cacophony. Ereinion shivered beneath his covers and anxiously pulled them tighter over his head to muffle the echoing noise. He tried to still his involuntary trembling, reminding himself that such fear was most unfit for a High Prince of the Noldor who was nearing his eleventh begetting day. But he had never experienced such monstrous weather back home. There had been occasional thunderstorms, yes – but nothing like this. And besides, back home he had always had his parents and his grandfather to comfort him during the storms and keep him safe, to tell him that it would all pass and that everything would be calm again in the morning. They were still there now, without him – his Ada and his Naneth. But not his grandfather. Not anymore. Fingolfin had fallen in battle shortly before Ereinion had been sent here, to the Havens. And though the young prince knew no details concerning the late High King's death, he did not ask about it. It was enough to see his parents' grief and know that his beloved grandfather would not becoming back. Ever. Stubbornly shoving away those bittersweet memories and melancholy thoughts, the Elfling experimentally poked his head out from under the blankets, but another round of lightning and thunder sent him retreating back under them in seconds. And suddenly, Ereinion yearned for his parents so badly it was almost painful – for someone to hold him and be strong for him until the raging storm had passed. Such longings were nothing new to him now, but that did not make them any easier. And somehow he did not think Cirdan would be overly inclined to cuddle an intrusive little Elfling late at night. Indeed, the grumpy old shipwright with whom Ereinion now dwelt seemed to be extraordinarily inept when it came to comforting a scared and lonely child, very rarely taking the initiative in a hug or any other such physical contact. He always seemed so awkward and…stiff. The ancient Elf had even required his new charge's guidance in something as simple as holding hands when the two of them walked about the Havens together! Ereinion simply did not comprehend how anyone could live for so many years and not know how to hold hands. Although, he did have to admit that, after almost a month now of practice in that particular art, the shipwright's intuition had improved considerably. But Cirdan would most certainly be irritated if his tiny ward were to disturb his rest, seeking refuge from a blustery storm. Being such a seasoned sailor, the older Elf was probably sleeping right through all of this in perfect peace. Although, perhaps Ereinion would feel better if he simply knew Cirdan was close by. Encouraged by that thought, the Elvish princeling clambered hurriedly out of bed, taking care to bring his favorite stuffed toy with him, and tiptoed down the hall as quickly as he could until he had reached the shipwright's bedchambers. Still cowering from the erratic flashes of lightning and the terrifying explosion that always followed, he slumped down onto the floor with his back against Cirdan's door and brought his knobby little knees up to his chin. Ereinion still clutched the soft toy fawn against his chest, but it was reassuring to know that his guardian was just on the other side of this sturdy wooden door. At least this way he wouldn't be waking Cirdan. Cirdan the Shipwright lay in bed with his hands behind his head, staring up at the ceiling as the storm raged on outside his window. He usually was not disturbed by such squalls, but this one was exceptionally violent. It would have to be in order to wake even him. But he was not too concerned. There were no ships out on the open water that night, and they'd had sufficient warning to secure everything down at the harbor before the storm hit, both facts for which he was exceedingly grateful. Hopefully there would be equally minimal damage to his own well-constructed home. And surely all those within his household were also well, for they were likewise familiar with the potentially destructive tempests of the Havens. But then the shipwright grimaced beneath his silver beard. On the contrary, not all within his walls were accustomed to such storms. No doubt the young Noldorin prince a few doors down had never experienced such intense weather back in Hithlum. He really should check on the boy, to see that he was content in his bed and not lost in a fit of panic. It would only be fair, as such turbulence could be most terrifying to a child who had never before endured it. Now, if only he could get himself out of bed… It proved to be a most difficult task, for he actually found it quite relaxing to just lie here, listening to the wind and the rain. But at last he made it, his body responding grudgingly despite its well-earned strength. Stifling a yawn, Cirdan ambled over to the door and swung it open, only to have a very startled and very sleepy little Elfling come tumbling down in front of him. Ereinion yelped in understandable surprise when the support behind him suddenly gave way, and he fell over backwards onto a large pair of stocking-covered feet. He looked up, in a sense relieved to see his guardian now here with him, but his tiny heart still pounded uncontrollably within his chest. "Ereinion!" Cirdan exclaimed, almost as startled as the small form crumpled at his feet. "Whatever are you doing out here, child?" He did not mean for the question to sound so harsh, but he was rightfully concerned to find his priceless charge sneaking out of his room in the middle of a dark and stormy night. But judging by how the child still cowered on the floor beneath him, grey eyes wide and fearful, the genuine concern in his motives had clearly not come across. Ereinion did not say anything, just continued to look at him with those bright eyes that shone like stars even in the darkness until another abrupt clap of thunder suddenly made him jump and grab hold of the hem on Cirdan's nightclothes until his small knuckles were white with the effort. The shipwright sighed wearily, comprehending, and crouched down next to his young ward. "Are you frightened by the storm, child?" The boy nodded quickly, his mop of tousled black hair bobbing up and down with the movement. He looked so helplessly pathetic, Cirdan could not help but pity the poor child. Although, of course, he could not be too obvious in the fact. So he stood and held out his hand down toward the shivering bundle of Elfling. "Come then, Ereinion." The prince scrambled to his feet and gratefully accepted the proffered hand, feeling rough calluses beneath his own smooth little fingers. Cirdan led them back inside his own chambers which were still pitch black except when illuminated by the sporadic flashes of lightning. Ereinion looked around nervously. He had only been in Cirdan's room once before, and that was when he had first arrived and been told that this particular chamber was off limits. But the typically gruff shipwright made no complaint about his company, only sat down in an overstuffed chair near the fireplace that had long gone cold and pulled the frightened child onto his lap. Ereinion curled up there and rested back against Cirdan, glad for the comfort even if his guardian's beard was prickly beneath his cheek. But the shipwright's arms were warm and strong around him, and he felt sheltered and secure. Almost as though he truly were back home. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to pretend that it was his grandfather who held him now, not Cirdan, but the omnipresent beard made that impossible. So Ereinion reopened his eyes with a sad little sigh and accepted the truth of where he was. There was little point in pretending, really. But at least he was learning little by little that he was safe here. Cirdan was not going to let anything happen to him any more than Fingolfin himself would have. And so he buried his face in Cirdan's chest, fisting his tiny hands in the shipwright's simple tunic while the storm raged on. Cirdan gazed down at the precious burden in his lap some time later after the thunder and lightning had begun to diminish. The boy was still awake, staring off aimlessly into the darkest corner of the room. "Are you ready to go back to bed now, child?" But Ereinion vehemently shook his head. "Why not?" the Lord of the Havens asked with a tired yawn. "The worst seems to have passed." "But you told me once that sometimes more storms come, and then they last all night," the little one protested nervously, miraculously managing to tighten his grip around the cloth in his hands. "Could that not happen now?" Cirdan let out a longsuffering sigh, ruing his decision to disclose that fact to the child several days back. "Aye, I suppose it could." "And if it does, I do not want to be alone, Cirdan." Ereinion turned around to try to see his guardian's face better but ended up sticking his bony elbow directly into the shipwright's stomach, earning a painful wince from Cirdan as he deliberately rearranged the mass of thin limbs into a more comfortable position. "You will not be alone, Ereinion. You know I am always nearby should you need me." The child nodded reluctantly, but he still showed no sign of releasing his viselike grip on the older Elf. Cirdan closed his eyes and wearily ran a hand over his face. He was in need of his own rest, as was the stubborn Elfling on his lap, but there appeared to be little hope of separating the two of them anytime soon. Deciding to concede to the inevitable sooner rather than later, the Telerin lord gathered his diminutive charge up in his arms and walked over to the bed. He carefully set Ereinion down near the pillows and began to arrange the blankets over him. "Sleep here then, child, for I know you are tired." Ereinion let Cirdan tuck him in, but he was still clearly uneasy about the storm and the prospect of being left alone. "Are you going to leave me?" he asked timidly. "No, Ereinion," his guardian answered him. "I will stay here with you. This is my bed, after all." The prince smiled wide and looked about ready to thank the shipwright, when his face suddenly fell. "Wait, Cirdan!" he exclaimed with sincere urgency and pointed back to the doorway they had previously deserted. "We cannot leave him there alone all night!" Cirdan followed the extended finger and complied in total understanding. It was an oddity he could never empathize with, but the child loved that stuffed toy as though it were a living, communicative creature. He retrieved the fawn from the floor and handed it to Ereinion who immediately snuggled it lovingly up against his nose. "There now, go to sleep. And I promise I shall not leave you. If the storm returns, child, I will be here." "Thank you, Cirdan." The small voice was muffled as Ereinion spoke into his toy, but that did not make his gratitude any less heartfelt. The shipwright favored his charge with one of those rare, genuine smiles that emerged from beneath his beard, though he wasn't sure the child could even see it in the dark. "You are welcome, Ereinion." With that, Cirdan settled down beside the now peaceful Elfling. He sat with his back against the headboard of the bed and wrapped a reassuring arm around Ereinion, even though he knew that the young prince was already sleeping soundly. Ereinion did not know how long it had been since he'd fallen asleep in Cirdan's bed when he next woke up, but it was still dark out even though the storm had passed completely. Sleepy and content, he stretched and yawned, his little mouth opening far wider than would have been thought possible, and glanced up at his guardian. Cirdan may have been in an upright position once, but now he was slumped down against the bed frame, half sitting and half lying down, with his head drooping over one shoulder. Ereinion thought it looked most uncomfortable. Suddenly, another noise startled him, and he jumped against the shipwright's body. But it was not thunder. This time, the sound had come from directly above him, and Ereinion tilted his head upward, just to be certain that his ears had not deceived him. Cirdan was snoring. The Elfling repressed a giggle, not wanting to wake his guardian, but he was unspeakably amused nonetheless. He had heard his Ada snore on rare occasion, but somehow it did not seem to fit the shipwright. Indeed, the grouchy old Elf did not look so scary at all when he was like this. Suddenly reassured, he snuggled back up against Cirdan's warm side. Perhaps living here would not be as unbearable as he'd first thought. After all, if the two of them could survive the trials of a storm like this, they could withstand just about anything.
Posted: Tuesday, December 11, 2012 -- 7:40 a.m. Delta Air Lines Inc. is buying almost half of British airline Virgin Atlantic for $360 million as it aims to boost its share of the lucrative New York-to-London market. Delta says it will form a joint venture with Virgin Atlantic, where the two airlines would share money from the flights operated under the partnership. Sir Richard Branson will still own more than half of Virgin Atlantic, which will continue to fly as a separate airline under its own name. Landing rights at London's Heathrow Airport are limited. So buying part of Virgin Atlantic will help Delta get a bigger piece of the travel market there. The joint venture needs approval from U.S. and European regulators. Delta is aiming to have the joint operation running by the end of 2013. Copyright 2012: Associated Press
Adventures In Russian Tech Support (In Russian: I know English better, so I’m going to write in English. If you don’t understand, write back and I’ll try to ask in Russian.) I am trying to set up netlock on the small network of an English language resource center. We have one ADSL modem that connects to the internet, and a LAN that is simply a hub connected to the server's ethernet card. I have installed netlock successfully, but cannot make it track internet traffic. I have configured a transparent internet connection, and it works correctly when the server part of netlock is not running. (I.e., I can open mozilla on the client and download web pages.) However, as soon as I start the server, the client loses connectivity. There are no proxies operating on the server. Here's how the server is configured: Интернет-настройки - LAN Задействовать интернет возможности - checked Non-counted IPs - 192.168.0.1-192.168.0.255 (all the LAN is in here) 100% of traffic is counted There is only one active тариф, and it is set to разрешить интернет. Traffic groups has only one group from 0.0.0.0 to 255.255.255.255. There are no forbidden ip addresses. The client has communication with the server. The cost of time, for example, is counted correctly. I have no idea what the problem might be. Otherwise, it's a great program. If you can fix this, my orginization will buy a copy. ps. I am leaving for America soon, so the sooner you can help me, the better. 1. Read the program instructions again, everything is explained in detail there. Maybe you set up the program wrong. 2. On the server, there should be two network cards: one pointing to the internet, and another to the client on the local network. Otherwise there will be no accounting of traffic. 3. Be sure that in the internet setup widow, the correct internet adapter is selected, that is, the one that is connected to the client. 4. You wrote that there is no internet access, there’s a chance that the internet is set up correctly, but there is no “charge” set up with pre-paid internet. 5. If you use W2K Server SP4 then sometimes there is a problem with the network driver. Everything you advised is already done. (I’m using WinXP.) I read the program help, and asked the administrator of a certain internet café that uses Net Lock, and neither they nor I could find a problem in the basic setup. That’s why I’m asking you. Please, read my previous letter carefully, (in it I explained that I already did everything you asked) and tell me where else the problem might be. From your description I don’t see any reason why the program doesn’t work, it looks like everything is set up correctly. Maybe there are other network programs installed on The server, or you didn’t install a pre-paid internet charge when you started the client, and that’s why the server is blocking the client’s internet traffic. I don’t see any other reasons. Ok, we figured out the internet. The internet works, but the program doesn’t count internet traffic – the amount of traffic is always 0+0+0, no matter how much internet we use. That means you turned off the traffic-counting system, or you let traffic through around the program. How could we have turned it off if we just installed the program and changed the IP address on the client and server (like it advises in Help). The internet works. The program sees the clients on the network. I have no idea what you’re doing over there. And I don’t have the capability to help you from here. If you read the directions carefully, do everything written there, and it doesn’t work, then I could only help you if I was there with you. To the general question “the internet doesn’t work what should I do” I can’t answer from here, I can only tell you read the directions again... Look, it’s not a general question – the question is, what could stop netlock from counting traffic, if everything else works? Earlier, we used the proxy-server UserGate; even though we deleted it, maybe it’s still causing problems? Please help us. It’s profitable for you, because we’ll buy your program if we can fix this problem. If you do everything in the instructions, then I can’t say why exactly this problem happens (I can only guess), almost everyone, even without any experience installing programs, is able to install the program the first time. I am answering your question in the greatest possible detail. There are three possibilites: 1. You did something wrong – you need to read the instructions carefully. 2. Some network program is causing the problem – delete it. 3. Bugs in Windows or in NetLock – unlikely, and I’m unable to help at all with these problems. Unfortunately, I can’t say anything more definite than that.
|DiPietro's next injury is bound to happen sooner or later.| I'm setting the over/under at the 8:00 mark of the second period. The bigger picture of the evening is the Leafs attempt at winning five streak. With the team firing on all other cylinders (minus the bottom defense pairing) the team returns home to after a successful road trip. The Islanders much like all of the other opponents the Leafs have faced are run down by injuries. No Streit, No Okposo, and John Tavares still getting over his concussion, the Leafs on paper will make easy work of the Islanders. Unfortunately, that never seems to be the case, and likely the Leafs are facing a team that will approach this game with a nothing to lose attitude that will serve them well in season that will see another Lottery Pick wind up in Long Island. I'm somewhat disappointed that Nino Neiderreiter and Nazem Kadri won't get a chance to again change pleasantries, but Neiderreiter, Tavares, and Moulson are enough of a threat that Toronto's defense can't take them fore granted. Defensively it looks like the Islanders are overly stocked with bottom pairing defensemen, but the upside for them is that they are largely shot blockers and shutdown guys. If DiPietro (or Roloson) are standing on their heads the game it will be a long night even for snipers with Clarke MacArthurs skill. The first Nationally televised game of the AHL season game was somewhat of a bust for the Marlies, in that they lost to the Baby Sens. I'm not particularly disappointed as the game Saturday against Hamilton warrants somewhat of mulligan on Sunday afternoon, but there were a few things worth noting. First things first, the Marlies scored one goal against an ECHL callup goaltender. Considering Hanson, Caputi, and Kadri were all considered for NHL top six roles I would have expected a turkey shot. Mueller's "fight" was hilarious, but I'm sure the Patron Saint of Truculence, Brian Burke, was disappointed that his European import was the only one willing to drop A glove to defend his teammates. Rynnas was solid in net, nothing to really add beyond that. I was a little disappointed that Reimer wasn't playing, but I can't always get what I want. Jeff Finger wearing an 'A' was a bit of a surprise for me, and I'm not sure he makes sense in this role. I'm hoping this is a sign that he's not disgruntled, but this is also probably a sign that he's going to be settling in for his two year stay. Most of the Marlies seemed slow, and were not too agressive on attacking the puck, again this is likely a 5-3 battle against Hamilton the day before slowing them down. It's nice to see Jeff Marek and Elliot Friedman running the show on CBC, let's hope this is a look into near future of HNIC. Also nice, is the larger crowd at the Ricoh. No one expects the place to be a sellout, but it's nice to see that more people are supporting AHL hockey. You'd assume it would be popular with number of people that were convinced that Kadri would be a 70 point player in the NHL this season, why not check him out.
Entertainment News Leaders © "Music is absolutely everything that I am and everything that I stand for. It’s not my fault if someone gets into a relationship with me and then cheats and I write a song... Shape - November 2012 Go to article: Pink Covers Shape November 2012 >
Listings 1 - 10 of 373, Page 1 of 38 for: Crowley Auto Transport - Save on Auto Transport! Free Instant Quote for Nationwide and International Door-to-Door Delivery Service. Save Hundreds on Auto Transport by comparing rates. 1. Canadian Trucking Companies Find Trucking Companies - Connecting you with the leading trucking companies in North America to ship your goods from Canada to the US, the US to Canada or across Canada. Category: TRUCKING Location: CONCORD ON CANADA NORTH AMERICA 2. The Webtruck Stop Online Trucking Information - The ultimate source of information for truckers, trucking companys and anyone interested in transportation industry. Category: TRANSPORTATION Location: LAKE STATION IN USA NORTH AMERICA 3. Jobs For Truckers (Em Media Gruppe LLC.) Locating Drivers for Trucking Companies - Trucking jobs, online applications, company profiles, direct links and information for professional truckdrivers or people looking to become one. Category: JOBS AND EMPLOYMENT Location: HELENA AL USA NORTH AMERICA 4. Maersk Logistics International A/S Global Logistics, Supply Chain Management, International Forwarding, Ocean Trans - Your global logistics partner with unique IT systems providing full visibility - Supply Chain Management, International Forwarding, ocean transportation, airfreight, trucking, warehousing, distribution, documentation, consolidation etc. Category: LOGISTICS Location: COPENHAGEN DENMARK EUROPE 5. Overflo Public Warehouse, Inc. Storage, Warehousing and Distribution - Serving the warehousing and distribution needs of East Coast businesses. Storage and Warehousing including inventory monitoring, tracking, secure warehousing, trucking, pickup and delivery. Category: WAREHOUSING AND DISTRIBUTION Location: BALTIMORE MD USA NORTH AMERICA 6. Shenzhen Jevien Logistics Co. LTD, (China) Logistics, Ocean Freight, Air Freight, FCL, LCL, Consolidation, Warehouse - Logistics solutions, ocean freight, air freight, FCL, LCL consolidation, warehousing, trucking, custom clearance and declaration, door-to-door one-stop logistics service, air express delivery, and more. Category: FREIGHT FORWARDERS Location: SHENZHEN GUANGDONG CHINA ASIA 7. Seahog International Logistics Company, LTD Ocean Shipping, Air Parcel, Local Truck, Express, Customs, Cargo Transportation - Sea freight and airfreight from/to China to all destinations of the world, FCL/LCL Shipment, Warehousing, Door to Door Service, Trucking, Customs Clearance, Cargoes Insurance. Category: FREIGHT FORWARDING Location: DONG GUAN GUANGDONG CHINA ASIA 8. Strategic Logistics, Inc. Freight Brokering - Strategic Logistics, Inc. is a full service logistics provider with offices located in Cleveland, OH. We offer freight brokering (trucking, rail, barging), warehousing (at our 250,000 square foot facility in Cleveland or at contract locations nationwide)... Category: THIRD-PARTY LOGISTICS Location: CLEVELAND OH USA NORTH AMERICA 9. Leonard's Guide Online Logistics Directory - Comprehensive print and online directories covering trucking, warehousing, third party logistics, air cargo, industry related services and more. Category: INTERNET DIRECTORIES Location: ARCADIA CA USA NORTH AMERICA 10. Global Link Service PTE LTD Transport, Logistics and Freight - Global Logistics, International Forwarding, Air and Sea Freight, Trucking, Custom Clearance, Warehousing, Distribution, Documentation, Consolidation, etc. Category: FREIGHT FORWARDERS Location: PHNOM PENH CAMBODIA ASIA
Last month, Phillip Zelikow disclosed that while serving as a top-aide to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in 2005, he had written and circulated a memo expressing grave concerns about the Bush administration’s torture regime. Another memo Zelikow co-authored at around the same time even offered a legal alternative to the program. Now, it turns out that strong opposition to President Bush’s interrogation policies came from within his tight-knit inner circle. Karen Hughes, counselor to the president, told the Houston Chronicle this week that she was “very vocal in the internal debate”: She acknowledged the current uproar over interrogation tactics and allegations of prisoner torture during the Bush years. “I was very vocal in the internal debate,” she said. “I worried about how that would make us look in the eyes of the world. But I had left the White House when a lot of that was taking place.” Then she paused, worried for the first time in 90 minutes that she’d made a gaffe. Whatever Sen. John McCain says about interrogation techniques, she added quickly, she has similar views.
I’ve changed the way the GEDCOMs are read in. They used to be loaded into a RichEdit that was shown in the GEDCOMs and Input Log window. Then they would be read from the RichEdit to load the data. Now I load the data directly from the GEDCOM files. This saves about 25% of the file loading time, so another small improvement. But more importantly, Behold is now loading the file piece by piece, so it can show the progress and allow the Stop button to work during the GEDCOM loading. I also changed the GEDCOM button to now load the GEDCOMs with a Text Viewer. By default it uses Wordpad which should be available in every version of Windows. Then I added a “Text Viewer” menu item, where you can change the viewer if you want to a text viewer or editor of your choice.
I think they'll work. If you want you can get car sound, they're fairly cheap. My brother got a free flow from them and the material inside busted loose after a year, so we just knocked it out, no more rattle. Kevin (President TBEA) "WAAAAAAARRRRRIORS, come out to plaaaaay."
I thought y'all might like to see what I did today. I spent most of it like this. Sometimes without the phone. Mostly I was alone today, which was weird. Bob and Will had some teenage stuff to do with friends, Evelyn also had some teenage stuff to do with friends even though she is not yet a teen, she thinks she is. Ann went to my SIL's house for a Gingerbread making marathon with her cousins (God bless you SIL R!). She made our family in Gingerbread. See? Ginger-Mom, Ginger-Dad, and Ginger-siblings. This is what I did today. Pretty huh? I am sending this to work with Sir D and his employees, and the other plates go to the neighbors. I made chocolate chip/peanut butter chip oatmeal cookies then I dipped stuff in chocolate; cherries, strawberries, gingerbread men, peppermint sticks, really anything that wasn't nailed down got dipped in chocolate and stuck on a plate. That's what it looked like once I had packaged almost all of it up. I wish I'd have thought to take a photo of everything all finished. It was covering the whole table. Things dripping in chocolate everywhere. YUM. I hope everything I dipped in chocolate was actually edible... I have little more baking to do for Christmas Day and wrapping. Here is a photo of our tree. Those are gifts to\from the kids to\from each other. Also my gifts are there since Sir D bribed the children to wrap them for him. On a totally different note. I have to take Bob to the Dr tomorrow and I am not looking forward to it. See, he had a birthmark removed from his back last week on Tuesday. I won't go into detail, but let me just say OUCH! It was a bit more invasive than I was anticipating. They basically cut a golf ball size hole in his back, through all three layers of skin, down to the muscle. Then they did two layers of stitches. YIKES! He was told not to lift anything heavy or do any roughhousing for two weeks. Sure, no problem. Sounds reasonable. Um, see, the thing is...Bob is a pretty tough kid. He is also not a complainer. So when it came time to help his uncle move on Saturday, I sort of forgot that Bob should not be lifting heavy things. And he mentioned nothing about the giant healing hole in his back. He just went along and lifted refrigerator and couches and a washer and a dryer and whatnot without a word. Then that night he asked me to put the ointment on it and cover it for him. Suddenly I remembered. I looked at his wound and some of the stitches have come out. The wound is not open and it really looks like it is healing nicely, but I am pretty sure the stitches were supposed to still be in there. Oops. So now I get to go back to the dr and tell him that Bob was lifting refrigerators a mere 4 days after the surgery. Oh, joy. Perhaps if I bring him a plate of cookies and stuff dipped in chocolate, he won't report me to CPS.
Repercussions are already starting to resonate from the failure of the deficit supercommittee to reach a consensus on cost cutting measures, and healthcare will be one of those areas facing a significant impact. Despite efforts to protect the Medicare population, they will still be faced with a 2% reduction, and this could well be above the already 27% provider reimbursement cuts scheduled for January 1st. The AMA was already concerned about the impact on patient access to care based upon the scheduled 2012 cut and the additional reductions may force physicians to limit the number of Medicare patients they can care for in their practice. In addition, an even greater impact is expected in programs that depend upon "discretionary" annual appropriations could be significant. Provisions were made that if the supercommittee was unable to reach a timely decision, then automatic cuts would go into effect and funding for non-defense discretionary programs in 2013 could face reductions of 7.8%, dropping each year to 5.5% in 2012. Health advocates feel that the greatest cuts will be seen in medical research and development, public health, HIV/AIDS and disease prevention. Is your product ready to face the realities of an increasingly restrictive reimbursement structure? Contact SMT to see if we can help you prepare a strategy and value message which speaks to these increasing pressures and puts your product a step ahead of the competition.
Under The Moonlight Summary: This story takes place after Lord Voldemort is conquered. Remus Lupin is left with the tattered remains of his life. Although the world is a better place for wizards, his world is lonelier. He struggles to find himself worthy of accepting love and living his life in the wake of the numerous losses he has suffered. A/N: Many thanks to Zsenya for her wonderful job of beta-reading this piece. Under The Moonlight: Chapter 1 It was a gray and cloudy afternoon as he sat by himself at a corner table in the Leaky Cauldron. He had spent most of the day in Diagon Alley tying up some loose ends and had stopped for a bite to eat before heading home. Rain had started to fall, and in its wake, wizards of all shapes and sizes were scurrying inside. He went back to the Daily Prophet, but there was nothing of interest to him in it. It had been two months since the fall of Voldemort. The Order had suffered heavy casualties. Had the final battle not taken place on a full moon, he might have been one of them. He had received an Order of Merlin First Class for his work; Dumbledore had seen to that. But the Order had since disbanded, Harry had been released from St. Mungo’s, his trio of friends now reduced to two, and life as the wizarding world knew it was returning to normal. For him, though, he couldn’t have felt more alone. Many of his friends had been killed and no one had been left untouched. Sirius was gone, Tonks was gone, Kingsley was gone; the list went on and on. Mad-Eye Moody was still around, but he was so paranoid that no one sought his company. The Weasleys, as well as many other wizarding family, had lost family members. The world was a better place for wizarding folk, but it was a much lonelier place for him now. “Excuse me? May I join you?” A striking woman with dark brown hair stood looking down at him. He glanced around and noticed there were a few open tables scattered throughout “Um… I really don’t think I’d be good company at the moment,” he said with just a hint of regret. “Well, I certainly know how that feels.” She pulled out the chair across from him and sat down. He blinked, taken aback by her brazenness. “Anything interesting in there?” she asked pointing to the Daily “No, nothing new.” He pushed the newspaper towards her. “I’m finished with it.” He watched as she ruffled through the pages, noticing that she stopped to study a photo of the new Headmistress of Hogwarts. It was another reminder that he didn’t need; a reminder of just how small and lonely his world had become. He stared out the window and sipped his Butterbeer. Two more She was thirteen again, attending Hogwart’s School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She hadn’t noticed him before––how could she not? His gray eyes glowed behind a seemingly apprehensive, but honest smile. He was slightly taller than her with a thin build. And, of course, he was a year older than her. She was dying to talk to him, but he was always with his friends. Why didn’t he notice her? She perched herself near their little group by the lake in the afternoons, pretending to study while listening in on snatches of their conversation, hoping to learn more about him. Perhaps if she could find something they had in common, she’d be able to find something to talk to him about… A warm hand came to rest upon his shoulder. “Are you okay?” The warmth of her voice beckoned him, concern etched in her eyes. “I’m fine.” He shifted uncomfortably in his chair, the grip around his bottle tightening. “It’s just, you look so… tired.” He was tired, tired of life, tired of fighting, tired of being alive. He shrugged and took another swig of his drink, trying to figure out how he could make a graceful exit then suddenly realizing he didn’t much care about being graceful. She extended her hand, a warm smile on her face. “I’m Raiyna Blotts, by the way.” Remus looked at her with a wary expression on his face, his hands never leaving the bottle in his grasp. This woman couldn’t seem to take a She dropped her hand, but persisted undeterred. “You’re Remus Lupin, aren’t you?” He was a bit surprised that she knew his name, and then remembered that his picture had appeared in the Daily Prophet earlier that week for receiving the Order of Merlin. “Ahhh... Well I’m no hero, if that’s what your thinking.” “Hero?” she looked confused. “We went to school together, I think. I was a year behind you, I was in Ravenclaw. I–” She looked as if she were going to say something else, but changed her mind. “Oh. I thought–– well, never mind.” “So what brings you here today?” Her desperate attempts at making conversation made him groan inwardly. “Just running some errands,” he said noncommittally, looking again towards the door. “I see. So, what have you been doing since school?” Remus wondered why in Merlin’s name she had chosen to sit with him of all people. He certainly was not good company and her conversation was both unwarranted and strained. “Oh, odds and ends. I taught at Hogwarts for a year. And, of course, up until two months ago, I was working for the Order.” “I was very sorry to hear that the Order took some pretty heavy losses.” Her voice rang with sincerity. “Yeah, me too,” he said before gritting his teeth at the unwelcome sympathy she’d extended towards him. He had said decidedly more than he’d ever intended to this stranger. She seemed to have an odd way of getting him to talk when no one else could. Granted, there weren’t a whole lot of people left who were interested in trying. “Well, I work at one of the shops in Diagon Alley and I’m looking for some help. Do you know anyone who needs a job?” Remus eyed her carefully. Why was she asking him? As if she picked up on his thoughts she continued, “It’s hard to find good help these days. I’ve been posting signs for the last month, but haven’t gotten any takers. It never hurts to spread the word around, you Remus nodded absently. “You wouldn’t happen to be looking for a job now that the Order is, well, no longer needed I guess, would you?” Remus laughed humorlessly as she looked a mixture of desperate and hopeful. “No. I’ve got a funny schedule. I’m sure it wouldn’t work out.” He finished his Butterbeer one deep swallow. “It’s been nice talking to you, but I have to be on my way.” “Perhaps we’ll meet again sometime.” “Sure,” he said, leaving abruptly. He couldn’t help but think of the strange people he ran into whenever he stopped at the Leaky Cauldron. He also couldn’t help but notice the odd tone of her voice with that last statement; it was if she was hoping she would run into him again. He shook his head. He was tired and restless, just two more days. An owl came to his house a couple of weeks later. He couldn’t fathom who would be calling for him. Dear Mr. Lupin, I have, so far, been unsuccessful in finding a suitable candidate for the job opening I have. I was wondering if you would be so kind as to meet me for dinner next Friday evening. I have spoken to a friend of mine at Hogwarts and she thinks you’d be perfect for the job. The work schedule is quite flexible. If you find that are not interested, perhaps after hearing me out, you could refer me to another suitable candidate. I do look forward to meeting you again. I’ll await your owl. He read the letter twice. After his last chance meeting with her, he couldn’t imagine why she’d want to see him again. He was intrigued, however, by whom she’d spoken with at Hogwarts and why they thought he would be perfect for the job. Although he’d received the letter on Monday, he didn’t respond until late Thursday. He’d gone back and forth in his mind as to whether or not he felt up to having dinner with a friend, much less a complete stranger. The return owl came early Friday morning. I have reservations at the Winging Park Inn in London for 7pm tonight. See you then, Remus had no idea what or where the Winging Park Inn was. Much to his dismay, it turned out to be an upscale restaurant in a hidden wizarding section on the outskirts of London. Although he had selected his best set of robes, they were still tattered on the edges and looked very worn. Raiyna, on the other hand, was wearing crushed velvet burgundy robes and looked absolutely radiant. They were seated immediately, and one look at the menu told him he was in the wrong place. He couldn’t afford to dine here alone, much less with a As if she’d read his mind, she said, “Oh, it’s one of the great things about owning a business, you know. I have the luxury of taking people out to dinner on the shop. So, order whatever you like! I hear the dragon stew with beef medallion is wonderful, although I must admit, I haven’t had the courage to try it yet.” Her ready smile had an uncanny way of making him feel at ease. He still didn’t like the atmosphere; much too rich for his tastes. He’d have much preferred something just slightly above the Leaky “I think I’ll try the duck basted in meddleberry wine with a hint of sage myself.” He checked the menu; the dragon stew was the most expensive item, with the basted duck falling in step right behind it. He had the feeling she was ordering on the high end so that he didn’t pick the cheapest thing on the menu. He settled for a mid-priced item. Remus was relieved to find that Raiyna had a gift for speaking since he tended to be a bit quiet to begin with and in the past weeks, mourning the loss of his friends, he’d become even more reserved. He didn’t feel all that hungry, but when dinner arrived, the aroma of high quality cooking “Would you like to try some of mine?” she offered. “It’s Without waiting for him to answer, she used her wand to transfer a bit of duck to his plate. Covering his surprise, he followed suit. “Wonderful,” she muttered, her mouth still full of food. He had to admit, the food was very good, better than anything he’d had in ages. “This is one of my favorite restaurants,” she added after swallowing her last bite of food. “A bit pricey though, I don’t think I’d eat out here as much if I couldn’t write it off against the business. But it does have great food, don’t you think?” He couldn’t help notice her deep brown eyes. He’d always been attracted to a person’s eyes––windows to their soul. She seemed open, honest, sincere. As much as he tried to find an ulterior motive, he could not. She seemed genuinely interested in getting to know more about him, although he’d hardly told her anything worthwhile. Yet there was an uneasy feeling settling in his stomach that he couldn’t quite put his finger on. “How about we take a walk?” Her voice broke through his He looked at her inquisitively. What was it about women? Why couldn’t they just get to the point? “Well, it just seems a bit stuffy in here, and it’s always good to take a brisk walk after a meal.” Reluctantly, he agreed. As he’d never been to this area of London before, she pointed out many interesting things along the way. Finally, they settled on a bench overlooking a stream. “You know,” Remus observed, “you haven’t yet mentioned a thing about this job you have in mind for me.” She looked over at him. “Yes, of course, but pleasure before business, don’t you think?” He noticed the way her soft brown hair swirled easily over her shoulders, how the shadows bouncing off her high cheekbones made her face look even younger. She was very pretty in the dim light of the lamps along the waterfront. “Perhaps, but I don’t even know what business you work at in Diagon Alley.” “Oh, you don’t? I’m sorry, I assumed it was obvious,” she blushed, laughing at herself. “Flourish and Blotts, the bookstore.” She quickly switched from casual conversation to all business in a fashion that even Remus found impressive. The parts of the job she explained in detail sounded rather mundane; the other parts seemed more intriguing, but she was quite vague about them. When Remus questioned her further, she would only say things like, “Ahh, trade secrets, I can’t tell you more unless you come to work for me,” which was always followed by a wink and a “Here,” she said enthusiastically, “let me show you the schedule.” She pulled out a long scroll that had boxes for each day of the year. She tapped it with her wand and some of the boxes turned yellow. About two consecutive weeks out of every month were highlighted, but the dates shifted slightly depending on the month. What struck him as most odd was that the weeks highlighted were always centered around a new moon. There were no highlighted sections at all one week on either side of a full moon. “This is quite an odd schedule,” he said, looking at her She merely gazed back at him and said, “Yes, well, my brother did keep strange hours come to think of it. Anyway, Emily, as you can see there,” she said, pointing to the name in the squares, “worked opposite my brother, and since you’d be replacing him, those are the time slots I am looking to fill.” Not looking at her, he uttered, “Why does your brother need His voice had come out harsher than he intended. He watched as she bit her lip and looked off into the distance glassy-eyed. “Are you all right?” he asked, feeling oddly concerned over her sudden change of mood. “Oh, yes, sorry,” she replied, looking slightly embarrassed while blinking rapidly. “My brother died about six weeks ago. I still haven’t gotten over it,” she glanced at him for a moment. “I’m sure you understand,” her eyes searched his imploringly. For recognition of the pain and sorrow that losing someone brings, he assumed. He nodding, understanding her feelings perfectly He wanted to know more about her brother, but now was not the time to ask. He looked again at the schedule. In all reality, he was desperate for work. The Order had paid him a stipend to live off of, but it wasn’t much. And, considering his situation, he had a great deal of difficulty “I know it’s not as exciting as teaching, but I really hope you’ll consider it.” When he made no move to accept or deny the position, she added, “Perhaps– perhaps you could just try it, for a couple of months, or until I can find someone else– if you don’t like the job, that is.” He looked into those begging brown eyes and found her hard to refuse. Reluctantly, he agreed. She looked as if she were about to hug him, but refrained herself at the last minute. As he left London that evening, he couldn’t help feeling a sense of foreboding. This had all come on too quickly, and out of nowhere. It made him rather uncomfortable. He didn’t like when he felt like things were out of his control. On the other hand, he laughed at himself; when was that last time he was wined and dined? When was the last time he spent a mostly pleasant evening with a beautiful woman? She was so unlike other women he’d met; she was outgoing, brazen, not afraid to state her opinions. She was unique. Something about her made him feel like he could trust her, but a part of him found her a bit dangerous, a bit too…. He shook his head; he couldn’t put his finger on it. As he drifted off to sleep, he dreamed of a woman with dark brown curly hair. She was sitting across from a dinner companion, laughing. But it wasn’t a jovial laugh, it was high pitched, more like cackling. As she shifted, he saw Severus Snape sitting opposite her. Severus was sneering at Lupin and saying something in his cold, contemptuous voice. The woman pointed maliciously at Lupin, still laughing wickedly, “So that’s him, is it?” He snapped awake. It suddenly occurred to him that he had never asked her whom she had spoken with at Hogwarts. Supposedly, someone thought he’d be perfect for the job. It must have been a professor, and no professor there would reveal his secret. No one, except Snape. A wave of dread passed over him. What if Snape was playing a cruel joke on him? What if this job was in some way meant to make him suffer? He shook his head. This line of thinking was ludicrous. He drifted back to sleep with an uneasy feeling settling heavily on his chest. An owl arrived the next morning with a large package and a Thank you for accompanying me to dinner. I had a thoroughly pleasant evening. I am very excited that you have decided to join Your start date will be two weeks from this Monday. Please return the enclosed forms at your earliest convenience. Remus opened the brown paper package and found two new black robes with the Flourish and Blotts logo embroidered on them. He couldn’t remember the last time he had new robes. He sat down at the table to fill out the forms. The last time he’d filled out an official application was when he taught at Hogwarts. He suddenly realized that things had changed––drastically––thanks to the Dangerous Creatures Act that that evil Umbridge woman had put through. He tore up the application form and shook his head, furious at the injustice of it all. Carefully, he wrapped back up the robes, wrote a short note that he would need to respectfully decline her generous offer, and sent them back. Two days later, the owl was back on his windowsill carrying a very similar package and another note. My owl must have gotten lost, he returned yesterday with the robes I had sent for you. I apologize for the delay. I have taken the liberty of filling out part of your forms for you. I look very forward to seeing you two weeks from today. He set the package aside and looked at the forms. His name had been filled in at the top. About half way down the page, he saw her handwriting again. He looked at it with a mix of shock and horror. The section labeled “Dangerous Creatures,” which had a statement below detailing the new statutes of the Ministry of Magic, was crossed out and instead she had written in “Medical Conditions.” In the box attached, she had Registry #158”. In the “Restrictions” section, she had noted the one week off prior to and one week off following the full moon for rest and Below that was a section with a disclaimer stating, “If the above listed restrictions are strictly followed, this individual is” followed by a SAFE/UNSAFE checkbox and associated statements such as “to be around other people, to be around children, to be around other animals, etc.” Next to all of those statements, she had checked the SAFE box. He placed the application on the table, his hands still shaking. How long had she known? Why hadn’t she told him? He felt anger rising inside of him as if he’d been tricked. But the more rational side of him said, she’s just trying to help. That didn’t feel much better though, he didn’t need her pity. He left the room, ignoring the wrapped parcel. Five more days, he thought He didn’t respond to the application, but he hadn’t sent back the parcel either. He wasn’t sure what he was waiting for. It was Thursday night, the moon was waxing. He was getting restless and edgy. Waiting was the hardest part. He just wanted it to be over with. One more day. Friday night at dusk, he prowled the house. His skin felt like it was crawling. He hated the intense feeling of unease, apprehension, and anxiety that preceded his transformations. He had taken the Wolfsbane Potion and was pacing his living room. He’d put an Imperturbable Charm on the house so no one could hear the wolf. He locked and charmed the doors so that he couldn’t get out, should the urge come over him. As his skin started to prickle more intensely, he took off his robes. Soon, it would all be over and he would be human again for another month. Soon, but not soon enough. Saturday dawned and he was exhausted. The pain in his limbs kept him from sleeping. He knew he should eat, but he couldn’t bring himself to get off the couch. He was feeling sick and shaky. He dozed on and off throughout the day. As evening dawned, he heard a knock at the door. He hesitated, he wasn’t expecting anyone. He couldn’t imagine who it could be. Grudgingly, he dragged his body off the couch, pulled on his robes, and stumbled to the door. He unlocked it, and, taking a deep breath, leaned heavily against the wall as he opened the door. She stood in the bright light of the waning moon. A wave of anger came over him before he knew what hit him. “What are you doing here!” he demanded “This is not a good time!” “I know exactly what time it is,” she said steadily, a mixture of fear and determination resonating in her voice. His legs weakened and he was overcome by exhaustion. “Come now, you need to lie down.” She put her arm around him and helped him to the couch. He lay there and tried to steady his breath and stem the tide of nausea sweeping over him. Even with the Wolfsbane Potion, transformations were not getting any easier with age. He watched wearily as she took off her cloak and opened the brown sack she was carrying. He was too weak and too sick to argue with her. She pulled out a small cauldron full of brown liquid and with a swish of her wand, it was bubbling softly. She propped him up slightly on pillows and, with a spoon full of the bubbling stew, she said encouragingly, “Here, try some, it will make you feel better.” He looked over at her, his eyes half open. She was kneeling next to him. “Go on, you’ll feel better, I promise.” For all he knew, she was poisoning him. Suddenly that didn’t sound so bad. He obliged. It didn’t taste half bad, actually, and after several more spoonfuls, he felt his body regaining some of its strength. She helped him to sit up and then sat on the couch next to him, pouring him a glass of yellow “Here, this will help too.” He swallowed as much of the juice as he dared and leaned back, laying his head against the wall. Gradually, he felt the exhaustion beginning “I’m sorry to come so unexpectedly,” she said. “But, well, I didn’t hear back from you. I thought you might be upset. I was hoping after you saw the schedule that first night you’d just accept my offer.” Averting her eyes, she said with such honesty he thought he sensed regret, “I’d forgotten about the forms.” He followed her gaze to the threadbare rug on the floor which was still littered with gray fur. “How long have you known?” he asked, his voice hoarse, as he sipped some more of the bright yellow liquid. “Since I first saw you in the Leaky Cauldron, but I didn’t realize it at the time.” He practically choked on his drink at her surprising “Something about you reminded me of my brother. It wasn’t until I got home that night that it dawned on me,” she said, offering him a “Your brother?” he inquired. “Ben, yes, of course. He was a werewolf too. That’s how I knew. You reminded me so much of him; that tired look in your eyes, the edginess, the lack of trust for your fellow man.” She sighed, looking away briefly before continuing. “I looked you up on the registry the next morning. You know, not many people would want to work that strange of a schedule. They want more regular hours. Ben was a big help, I was desperate to replace him––with the right person of course. And then I saw you. I knew your admirable work with the Order had finished. I’d read about all you’d done in the Daily Prophet. And Professor McGonagall, well you must know she thinks very highly of you. It seemed like the perfect fit. And there’s more to the job then I’ve told you, as I’m sure you’ve guessed.” Remus looked at her with curiosity but didn’t comment. “I just thought, well, maybe it was presumptuous of me, but I thought you’d feel more comfortable if you thought I didn’t know, if you were the one to tell me. I know about the stupid prejudices people have, they just don’t understand. My brother was a wonderful man, and he suffered because of other peoples’ ignorance.” Remus saw the fear of his reprisal in her eyes as she waited for him to respond. Indeed, he was feeling bitter about being led astray, as if he was too naïve to see she had ulterior motives. Feeling emboldened by this, he watched her intently as he said, “Tell me about your brother.” He sensed her reluctance but he was not willing to relent. She bit her lower lip, dread spreading across her face. She closed her eyes momentarily and swallowed. “Well, I guess I’ll start from the beginning. Ben was six years older than I. After his last year at Hogwarts, we went on a family trip to Brazil. My parents were back at the camp, and Ben and I had ventured off into the rain forest in the late afternoon. My aunt has a knack for making potions and home remedies and we were off searching for unique plants for her. We were pretty deep in the forest when the sun started to set. We headed back for camp, but in the waning sunlight, we got lost. The moon was very bright, though, and as we were nearing the clearing, we heard a strange noise––like a dog growling. I had no idea what it was. Ben saw it first, its golden eyes glowing eerily at us. The next thing I knew, it was lunging at me,” she sighed, “but Ben knew what it was, and he sacrificed himself instead. He dove at it just in time, and knocked it to the ground. He screamed for me to run for help. I didn’t want to leave him, but I didn’t know what else to do.” She paused, shaking her head, remembering. “He got tore up pretty badly. Of course, they patched him up at the wizarding hospital down there, but, as I’m sure you know, the worst was yet to come.” She gazed at a shabby tapestry hanging across the room and noticed the claw marks and the pulled out threads. Tears filled her eyes. “The next several years were very difficult. We had to learn as a family how to help Ben, how to protect him and protect ourselves. Wolfsbane Potion was just coming out then, and my aunt got a hold of it as soon as it was available. She was the most appalled at how Ben was treated by outsiders. The rest of us were all so busy trying to figure out how to live our lives that we hadn’t had much time to notice. Although my brother had always wanted to be a healer, after my aunt in a fashion, his condition made that unattainable, so he started working at the family bookstore. The staff noticed his strange work schedule, but my father and uncle just said he had another job elsewhere. When my father and uncle finally passed away, I took over the management of the business while my brother, and another woman, Emily, who you’ll meet, ran the front end. It worked quite well for several years.” Remus nodded, listening intently. “Then, about two years ago, my brother started getting restless. Physically, he was feeling better than he’d ever felt––with my aunt’s remedies and all. But emotionally, and spiritually, he was feeling rather stuck, I guess. I think deep down he really wanted a family of his own––a wife and kids––but he would never let himself get close to anyone. It broke my heart. Anyway, the last couple of months he seemed to be really down. When I’d ask him about it, he’d say he was tired, or that the transformations were really taxing on his body. I’d told him to talk to Aunt Ameranda about it, and he promised me he would, but I don’t think he ever did.” She barely paused to catch her breath. The worst was yet to come and she wanted to get through it as quickly as possible. She sighed heavily and continued. “I usually made Ben a good dinner the afternoon before a full moon so that he was well nourished for his transformation. But it was end of the month inventory and he told me not to worry about it. I sent food to him by owl instead,” she shook her head, trembling. “He never ate it. The next morning I went early to check on him, but––” Remus watched as the tears in her eyes threatened to spill onto her cheeks. She seemed a million miles away, as if reliving what she was telling him. Remus moved closer to her on the couch and rubbed her shoulder softly. “But he’d already gone,” she stifled a sob, and continued, clearing her throat, her voice creaking. “Everyone thought it was so tragic: his body finally gave out, it just couldn’t take it anymore. But I really don’t think that was it. Not that it’s easy on a body, mind you I know, but I think his spirit is what gave out. I think he mixed something in with the Wolfsbane Potion so that he wouldn’t have to wake up again.” Can’t say as I haven’t thought about doing that myself a time or two, Remus thought to himself. Tears started to trickle down her face. Almost as an afterthought, she added, “I found a note he’d left for me in his writing desk. It was dated two years prior, but I’m not really sure if it was that old, or if he’d just put that date on it so I wouldn’t know he’d had a hand in his own Remus pulled her into his arms. All the anger he’d felt toward her had long since drained away. She sobbed softly into his chest. He held her firmly as her body shook against his. He felt bad for asking her, as if he was intruding in some private place he didn’t belong. When she finally straightened up, she said, “So, that was Ben. Great man, he was. I miss him,” she sniffed, wiping her tears away. She refilled his glass with yellow liquid. “Drink some more, it’s good for you.” After a long pause, Remus asked, “What is it anyway?” “My aunt makes it, it’s called Lemon-AID, get it? Nevermind, it’s a Muggle joke. It’s an energizing drink. The brown stew, that’s called Rejuvenate. It took her many years to perfect the recipe, but now she sells it as the Morning After Rejuvenation Stew. It helps the recovery process after She said this all so matter-of-factly that Remus had to laugh. “You do know your werewolves, don’t you?” “I have one more thing for you,” she said, a little more timidly. “These drops are chocolate flavored. They help balance out your energy and moods throughout the month. My brother swore by them.” Remus could Raiyna struggle to hold back her emotions. “My aunt always gives the first month free so her customers can try them and see what they think.” Her eyes darted around nervously. He could see the worry on her face. He laughed to himself. She’d practically burst into his home uninvited, took care of him, told him her life story, and now she was worried she’d gone too far? Just then, their eyes met. He felt something warm rising inside of him. He hadn’t realized how close she was. He could smell her soft, feminine scent and felt his heart beat a little faster. The mutual gazed lingered awkwardly for a moment longer before she glanced away. “Have you tried on the robes yet?” she said, shifting backwards to put some distance between them. “Ah, no, I–– I haven’t unwrapped them yet.” “Well, I think they will fit okay. They were my brothers. I had them freshly laundered of course before I sent them to you. I thought you could use them while you decided if you liked the job.” He noticed that whenever she mentioned her brother, something dark flickered behind her eyes as she receded into what he could only imagine was a well of loneliness. He knew the feeling. “Listen, you need to get some sleep. Is there anything I can do for you before I go?” Remus studied her closely, intrigued by what he saw. “You’ve been very kind, thank you. I can’t think of anything else.” “Alright, get some rest then?” “And I will see you at work then the Monday after next?” He noticed that she was holding her breath. “I’ll be there.” “Great! Well, I’ll see you soon then.” Remus started to get up, but she put a hand on his shoulder, “Don’t be silly. I can see myself out. Take care of yourself, Remus. Good Her heart was pounding as she ran down the stairs. She was late for class, again. If she hurried, she could make it before the professor finished role call. But she missed the last stair and lunged forward, landing on her hands and knees as her books and parchment scattered across the floor. “Ouch!” she cried, rubbing her painfully throbbing wrist. She shook her head at her own stupidity; the only good thing was that everyone else was in class so no one saw her fall. “Here, let me help you.” The warm voice came out of nowhere. She whipped her head around and saw him hurrying towards her. Her breath caught in her chest––oh no, not him, not now. I look so stupid! But he took her gently by the arm and helped her to her feet. She couldn’t help but notice those eyes; those gray eyes made him look so mysterious, so alluring. She’d never been this close to him before, never felt the warmth of his smile spread over her. She was smiling back like an idiot; she couldn’t help herself. It was as if she was caught in a trance. “I’m Remus, Remus Lupin. It’s nice to meet you.” He offered her his hand, but when she didn’t take it, he said, “Oh, of course,” withdrawing his hand as he looked down at the way she was holding her wrist. “And you are?” “Oh, sorry! I’m Raiyna Blotts.” Blotts, what an awful name. Hi, I’m a big, fat ink blot. But he just smiled and nodded. “It’s nice to meet you Raiyna.” Ooh, his voice made her feel weak in the knees.
The person entitled to any premises may recover possession of the premises by summary proceedings in the following cases: (1) whenever a person holds over any premises, after failing or refusing to pay rent due under the lease or agreement by which lie holds after 7 days from the service of a written demand for possession for nonpayment of the rent due for the purpose of this provision, “rent due” does not include accelerated indebtedness by reason of a breach of the lease under which the premises are held; or (2) whenever a person holds over any premises in either of the following circumstances: (A) after termination of the lease, pursuant to a power to terminate provided in the lease or implied by law; or (B) after the term for which the premises are demised to him or to the person under whom he holds; or (3) whenever the person in possession willfully or negligently causes a serious and continuing health hazard to exist on the premises, or causes extensive and continuing physical injury to the premises and when the person in possession neglects or refuses for 7 days after service of a demand for possession of the premises or to substantially restore or repair the premises; or (4) whenever a person takes possession of premises by means of a forcible entry, holds possession of premises by force after a peaceable entry or comes into possession of premises by trespass without color of title or other possessory interest.History: 1984, PL 18-27 § 1, 1986, PL 19-41 § 1.
Inspired klutzy_girl's fall tv schedule, i made mine as well, includes new shows that I will watch the pilots before deciding, midseason shows and old favorites. Since have given up on House and Chuck last season and cable shows not included, my shows totalled to 23! Good thing I have unlimited bandwith! The Playboy Club (new) Gossip Girl (Dair scenes only) Hart of Dixie (new) Alcatraz (new, midseason) New Girl (new, midseason) The Vampire Diaries The Secret Circle (new) A Gifted Man (new) Once Upon a Time (new) The Good Wife The Firm (new) Posted via LiveJournal.app. Knowing my history over holiday planning, the most events i get too excited about don't push through, I hope this is not the case this time. I noted to self, come rain or freezing temperature, I'm gonna visit the Stonehenge damnit! I feel like Gloating because Jack & Kate are ENDGAME! I guess I get 2 couples so far this season, JATE and HUDDY. I used to watch my shows like Dawson's Creek spoiler free, like it didn't even occur to me that spoilers exist, I had to watch to find out that Joey picks Pacey...I had to even follow the show to know there was gonna be a Joey-Pacey hook up. Were those better days? I mean now I can't even imagine myself being spoiler-free. I moved to another country, living away from my family and friends, fortunately I'm adjusting quite well and have made new friends. Ships have come and gone...well I never really jumped any ships but some may have been put to the back burner than others. New infatuations, Alex Skarsgard and slow burn love, Chris Evans (watched him in other movies before but I've never been so attracted to him until I'd seen The Loss of the Teardrop diamond) and fangirlish squeals over Spock/Zachary Quinto and Chris Pine (yeah, was never into the fandom until the reboot movie) Having a fine summer so far, it has been warm and sunny this week but who knows, it might rain the next. Northern Ireland is unpredictable like that. I had to leave all my dvd, books and beloved shoes behind, but I'm trying to start a new collection here. Thank god for free shipping which I never had full advantage before. I now get to experience to work for my own wages and splurging on what else? dvd, books and shoes! Plus I had to buy new sunglasses (Dior) because I never expected to experience sunlight, the cost hurt me quite a bit, but a girl can never overindulge herself right? Having to go to the university is quite a drag..well not really because I get to enjoy spending time with my new found friends, I just hate the homework part of it. Anyway, nice catching up, almost midnight here and I have to wake up early tomorrow for work...3 straight 12-hour work days again! arrrggg... Derek and Addison's interactions were full of chemistry and it was nice to see the old 'gang' consisting of Derek, Addie, Nay, Sam, Mark and Archer... It was great listening to their old stories and how Derek even wrote a song for Addison. I used to ship MerDer back in Season 1 but now I don't watch GA anymore, I only tune in to Private Practice now but I must say I would want to watch a show with the old power couple and the gang. They should make crossovers more often.
Galvan Honored as Track Athlete of the Year by Jesse Mitchell November 16, 2011 Wheaton High School senior Bubba Galvan was recently honored as the Class 1 Track and Field Athlete of the Year by the Southwest Cross Country Coaches Association (SWCCCA). The association recognizes athletes in both cross country and track and field in the southwest portion of the state. Bubba received the Aldo Sebben Award for winning the long jump, triple jump, 110 meter hurdles and 300 meter hurdles at the Missouri State Track and Field Championships in Jefferson City in May. He was recognized during the SWCCCA cross country meet at Nixa. Aldo Sebben was a longtime coach at Southwest Missouri State University ( now Missouri State University) in Springfield.
WWF applauds Hillary Clinton's call to stop wildlife crime “Over the past few years wildlife trafficking has become more organized, more lucrative, more widespread, and more dangerous than ever before,” Secretary Clinton said. “We are increasingly seeing wildlife trafficking has serious implications for the security and prosperity of people around the world.” Clinton added that illicit wildlife trafficking is “is a global issue, and it calls, therefore, for a concerted global response.” “This is a global challenge that spans continents and crosses oceans, and we need to address it with partnerships that are as robust and far-reaching as the criminal networks we seek to dismantle.” Secretary Clinton’s statement comes during an escalating poaching crisis around the world, which is pushing populations of endangered species like tigers, elephants, and rhinos to the brink of extinction. The global value of illegal wildlife trafficking is as much as $19 billion per year, which ranks it as one of the largest criminal transnational activities worldwide along with drug and human trafficking. “We have good reason to believe that rebel militias are players in a worldwide ivory market worth millions and millions of dollars a year," Secretary Clinton said. She was speaking at a State Department event on Wildlife Trafficking and Conservation: A Call to Action that brought together foreign ambassadors, including from Kenya and Indonesia, and leaders from international organizations, non-governmental conservation organizations and the private sector. TRAFFIC and WWF wildlife trade expert Crawford Allan spoke at the event, saying that transnational organized crime has moved into many aspects of the illicit trade in wildlife. The scale, seriousness and links to the security agenda are evident now in wildlife trafficking particularly in elephant ivory and rhino horn, Allan said. “There is no single magic bullet, but we know what needs to be done,” Allan said. He spoke of the need to bolster existing efforts on the ground, while introducing innovative approaches such as aerial surveillance systems and coordinated intelligence efforts and analytics – all of which will send a powerful message across the trade chain from source to consumer. “Secretary Clinton’s engagement on this issue provides the high-level political will we need to elevate the seriousness of addressing wildlife crime,” added Allan.
blue jean images – royalty-free Chinese stock imagery Colorful and captivating. Traditional and modern. Blue jean images is a royalty-free lifestyle stock image collection. Offering images of romance, sport, travel and more, this collection showcases a pitch portrayal of life in China. Blue jean images covers all ages and offers both classic and contemporary depictions of Chinese individuals.
Der! Two circs . Well, I was posting late at night. At least I wasn't trying to knit - . Thanks for catching that. I was tempted to go back and edit it and ask why you were confused, but I'm not that mean I just remembered that I didn't get Addis because they are different millimeters than US1 - I had already gotten gauge on US1 dpns , so that's why I went and got the Susan Bates US1 circs . If I were to use Addi US1, my socks could be about 0.75 inches larger. Tho in retrospect, this might not be a bad thing for Jaywalkers! I think I need to get any circ with a flexy cord, Inox express would probably be the most affordable unless I go with an eBay Addi seller. Afterthought heel! I've been wanting to try one. I'll have to read up and see if I want to try it on these. I know what you mean about the boring part - it seems like the legs take the longest! I guess I was thinking toe-up would be good for limited yardage. Maybe they would also be good for lace-pattern or fairisle socks?
(This article was originally published at Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science, and syndicated at StatsBlogs.) Theodore Vasiloudis writes: I came upon this article by Laura Hamilton, an assistant professor in the University of California at Merced, that claims that “The more money that parents provide for higher education, the lower the grades their children earn.” I can’t help but feel that there something wrong with the basis of the study or a confounding factor causing this apparent correlation, and since you often comment on studies on your blog I thought you might find this study interesting. My reply: I have to admit that the description above made me suspicious of the study before I even looked at it. On first thought, I’d expect the effect of parent’s financial contributions to be positive (as they free the student from the need to get a job during college), but not negative. Hamilton argues that “parental investments create a disincentive for student achievement,” which may be—but I’m generally suspicious of arguments in which the rebound is bigger than the main effect. So I clicked through to the study and indeed found a problem, and it’s the one you might expect if you follow this sort of thing. Hamilton regresses college grades on the amount parents spent on college, and finds a negative correlation: more parental spending is associated with lower grades. The problem I’m worrying about is selection, what is sometimes called “survivorship bias.” If you’re not doing so well in college but it’s being paid for, you might stay. But if you’re paying for it yourself, you might just quit. This would induce the negative correlation in the data, but not at all through the causal story that Hamilton is telling, that students who are parentally-supported “dial down their academic efforts.” Couldn’t it just be that these students are working as hard as they ever would, they’re just more likely to stay in school? To say it another way: it seems completely plausible to me that (a) there could be a negative correlation between parental support and student grades, conditional on students being in college, but (b) paying more of your college student’s tuition would not (on average) lower his or her grades. Yes, Hamilton runs an analysis controlling for students’ college admissions test scores, but (a) admissions test scores don’t tell the whole story about students’ abilities and readiness for college, and (b) she also controls for post-treatment variables such as student’s major, full-time status, and—amazingly—whether the student is employed during school. You shouldn’t control for these things! You really really shouldn’t control for whether a student is working during school, if you’re trying to estimate the effect of parental support. Hamilton also performs an analysis on a different dataset including within-student comparisons when student aid varied over time. This is fine but it has the same problem that it doesn’t seem that students get counted after they drop out. Again, an observed correlation does not necessarily correspond to a causal effect—and I don’t say this in a vague “correlation does not equal causation” sense but more specifically that there’s a clear selection problem going on here (as well as a comparison conditional on intermediate outcomes). Hamilton writes, “These results provide strong evidence that selectivity processes are not driving the negative relationship between parental aid and GPA,” but I don’t see it. As a side note, I’m slightly bothered by this graph from the paper: I mean, sure, a graph is better than a table full of numbers such as “-11.503***,” but . . . are there really many families making $5,000 or $15,000 a year and giving their kids $40,000 to pay for college? I guess it’s possible but it seems unlikely to me. A footnote says, “The funds needed to provide parental aid can come from a variety of sources . . . Parents may thus offer funds that exceed income earned in a given year.” Still, I can’t imagine it happens that often. And, when it does, I’d expect the impact on the student to be different from funds supplied by a richer family. I can’t imagine it feels so much like free money to a student if parents are paying more for college than they (the parents) make in a year. So, to the extent the graph makes sense and even if I were to believe the author’s data analysis and theoretical model, I wouldn’t believe the model would hold in this case. I’m surprised the reviewers for the American Sociological Review didn’t catch these problems, which are pretty standard issues in causal inference: survivorship bias and controlling for intermediate variables. Or maybe they wanted to publish the paper because it represents empirical work—even if flawed—on an important topic. Or maybe there’s something I’m missing. That’s certainly possible—it happens all the time!—and I’d be happy to be corrected on any of my points above. P.P.S. More from Joseph Delaney. Please comment on the article here: Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science
S&P Rts Jacor Communications' $150M Sr Sub Nts B,Bank Ln BB-.NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Standard & Poor's CreditWire 7/11/97 -- Standard & Poor's today has assigned its single-'B' rating to Jacor Communications Co.'s $150 million 8 3/4% senior subordinated notes due 2007, guaranteed by Jacor Communications Inc. Additionally, Standard & Poor's has assigned its double-'B'-minus bank loan rating to Jacor Communication Co.'s $750 million bank facility. Parent company, Jacor Communications Inc.'s double-'B'-minus corporate credit rating has been affirmed. Jacor Communications' ratings reflect the company's growing operating strength in the radio broadcast industry, as the company has aggressively purchased new stations throughout 1996 and 1997. Upon the closing of pending acquisitions, the company will be the third largest radio group in terms of revenue and will own or operate 153 radio stations in 32 markets, as well as a single television station. A portion of the proceeds from the debt issue will be used to repay some of the existing bank debt, although Standard & Poor's expects the company to continue using its bank line to fund station acquisitions. Another source of flexibility is the ability to trade stations or make market swaps, such as the recent trade of four Kansas City Kansas City, two adjacent cities of the same name, one (1990 pop. 149,767), seat of Wyandotte co., NE Kansas (inc. 1859), the other (1990 pop. 435,146), Clay, Jackson, and Platte counties, NW Mo. (inc. 1850). , Mo. stations for six Dayton, Ohio Dayton is a city in southwestern Ohio, United States. It is the county seat and largest city of Montgomery County. As of the 2005 census estimate, the population of Dayton was 158,873. stations with American Radio Systems. While acquisitions have improved the company's operating position significantly, Standard & Poor's does not expect meaningful improvement in the Jacor Communications' financial position as long as acquisitions remain a priority. Standard & Poor's expects operating cash flow Operating cash flow Earnings before depreciation minus taxes. Measures the cash generated from operations, not counting capital spending or working capital requirements. to total interest expense to remain between 2.0 times (x) and 2.5x over the next few years. Total debt, including the LYONs, to cash flow also is expected to improve, but remain above 5.0x for the same period. In addition, many newly acquired stations have limited cash flow, which lowers the company's overall operating cash flow margins to only around 29%. The bank loan rating is at the same level as the corporate credit rating. While the bank loan is secured by assets with strong resale values there is still a small possibility of somewhat less than full recovery during a severe and prolonged pro·long tr.v. pro·longed, pro·long·ing, pro·longs 1. To lengthen in duration; protract. 2. To lengthen in extent. downside Downside The dollar amount by which the market or a stock has the potential to fall. You might hear someone say that the downside on stock XYZ is $10. What that means is that the stock could fall by this amount if things got bad. scenario. Standard & Poor's expects the company to continue aggressively using bank debt for acquisitions and there is the potential for an increase in the size of the facility. While there is sufficient bank debt availability for the company to make sizeable purchases, large debt-financed acquisitions have led to lower ratings for other broadcasters dependent on debt financing Debt Financing When a firm raises money for working capital or capital expenditures by selling bonds, bills, or notes to individual and/or institutional investors. In return for lending the money, the individuals or institutions become creditors and receive a promise to repay . Standard & Poor's expects that the company will be able to increase cash flow through a combination of reduced operating costs operating costs npl → gastos mpl operacionales and the turnaround of underperforming stations. However, the rating also includes expectations that industry consolidation may provide opportunistic opportunistic /op·por·tu·nis·tic/ (op?er-tldbomacn-is´tik) 1. denoting a microorganism which does not ordinarily cause disease but becomes pathogenic under certain circumstances. 2. acquisitions, which may lead to the need for additional capital. -- CreditWire CONTACT: Scott Dinsdale, New York New York, state, United States New York, Middle Atlantic state of the United States. It is bordered by Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and the Atlantic Ocean (E), New Jersey and Pennsylvania (S), Lakes Erie and Ontario and the Canadian province of (1) 212-208-8933
Habitat for Humanity Habitat for Humanity works in partnership with people in need to build and renovate decent, affordable housing. No experience is necessary for adult and teen volunteers to help with construction, carpentry, plumbing, painting and other activities. Volunteers also may help with non-construction activities such as family selection, family nurturing, fundraising, public relations and planning. The organization accepts monetary contributions and in-kind gifts of materials to build homes. Agency chapters need help in Dickinson, Friendswood and Pasadena. Volunteer Houston Bay Area matches individuals and groups with volunteer opportunities at nonprofit organizations that need help to carry out their mission. Call 281-282-6035 or visit http://www.volunteerhouston.us/bay/ for more information. Local Advertising by PaperG
From “Astro Turf” to “Terrorists”? WASHINGTON, D.C.— As reported by POLITICO on Monday, Vice-President Joe Biden behind closed doors described tea party Republicans as having acted like “terrorists.” Biden later told CBS News, “I did not use the terrorism word.” In any case, the Obama administration has held the tea party movement in utter contempt since its inception, as shown by this timeline of White House statements dating from mid-April 2009: Apr. 14, 2009: Asked about the Tax Day “tea parties” being held the following day (attended by hundreds of thousands of people across the country) White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said: “I don't know if the President is aware of the events.” Apr. 19, 2009: Asked about the April 15 tea parties on Face the Nation, Obama senior advisor David Axelrod said: “I think any time you have severe economic conditions there is always an element of disaffection that can mutate into something that's unhealthy” Apr. 29, 2009: Speaking at a town hall meeting in St. Louis, Obama directly addressed tea party attendees: "Those of you who are watching certain news channels on which I'm not very popular, and you see folks waving tea bags around, let me just remind them that I am happy to have a serious conversation about how we are going to cut our health care costs down over the long term, how we are going to stabilize Social Security…But let's not play games and pretend that the reason [for the deficit] is because of the Recovery Act." Aug. 4, 2009: Asked by reporters about the growing concern expressed by town hall attendees, Gibbs said: “I hope people will take a jaundiced eye to what is clearly the Astro Turf nature of so-called grassroots lobbying”. Questioned further, Gibbs said: “This is manufactured anger” Sept. 13, 2009: During an interview on Face the Nation, when asked what his message was to those at the previous day’s rallies, Axelrod said: “My message to them is they’re wrong” Americans for Tax Reform is a non-partisan coalition of taxpayers and taxpayer groups who oppose all tax increases. For more information or to arrange an interview please contact John Kartch at (202) 785-0266 or by email at firstname.lastname@example.org.
Two state lawmakers who represent parts of Arlington have proposed a gun safety legislation package in the Virginia General Assembly. State Sen. Adam Ebbin and Del. Patrick Hope, both Democrats, introduced bills that would close the so-called “gun show loophole,” require universal background checks on gun purchases, require gun owners to report stolen firearms, and restrict weapon sales to the mentally ill. To drive home the point, the lawmakers recorded two videos (above and below, after the jump) showing them buying a handgun without a background check and buying a high-capacity magazine at a recent gun show in Chantilly, Va. The legislation was introduced Wednesday, a day before President Obama proposed legislation to require universal background checks, ban high capacity magazines, and ban assault-style weapons. The gun control bills face an uphill battle in the Republican-controled state legislature; Hope and Ebbin called on Virginia residents to contact their legislators in support of the legislation. From a press release: Virginia State Senator Adam P. Ebbin (D-Alexandria) and Delegate Patrick A. Hope (D-Arlington) have introduced a package of gun safety legislation to require universal background checks on prospective firearms purchasers (SB 1232 / HB 2025), close the gun show loophole, and tighten restrictions on the sale of weapons to the mentally ill (SB 1109 / HB 2221). SB 1109 and HB 2221 would make it a Class 6 felony to sell firearms to persons found mentally incapacitated or who have been involuntarily admitted. Ebbin also introduced legislation to require the reporting of lost or stolen firearms (SB 965) and to outlaw firearms in legislative buildings (SB 1012). “We easily purchased a handgun at a Virginia gun show, without undergoing a background check. Sadly, nearly 40% of all gun sales are conducted without a background check. In the interest of community safety, it’s not too much to ask for responsible gun purchasers to undergo a background check to screen for criminal history or history of serious mental illness,” the two wrote in a joint statement. The lawmakers discussed their visit to a gun show in a January 15th news conference at the Virginia Capitol. Hope showed the High Standard Sentinel Revolver he bought for $175; because he purchased the gun from a private dealer, he did not have to undergo a background check to screen for a criminal record. “Today, a felon with a violent past can walk into a gun show or go on the Internet and buy any gun with no questions asked,” Hope said. “A law we could pass today, requiring universal background checks for all gun sales, would have an almost immediate impact on gun safety. No responsible gun owner is afraid of a background check.” Displaying a 30-round ammunition magazine he purchased for $20, Ebbin said, “Buying a 30-round magazine should not be as easy as buying a candy bar.” He noted that a 30-round magazine was used in the recent Newtown, Connecticut tragedy that left 26 dead. Citing the need to pass SB 965, Ebbin said, “When a gun is stolen, a deadly weapon is in criminal hands—a combination we all want to avoid. Reporting lost or stolen guns can help police avert a tragedy.” Hope and Ebbin called on Virginians to contact their legislators in support of the gun safety legislation. Clothes have a starring role at the Cannes Film Festival. (Photos) This cutie needs a new home. She's WTOP's Pet of the Week. French universities could say goodbye to this language in class. WTOP takes an all-electric motorcycle for a test drive. (Video)
Some of the news from around the Island this week. A resolution to refinance $24 million in municipal bonds failed Tuesday, drawing sharp criticism from members of the Democratic majority toward minority party members of the board who requested more time for review. Sponsored by , the resolution called for refinancing of bonds issued from 2002-05 at lower interest rates. Hagedorn meeting room was nearly packed to capacity Wednesday afternoon for a panel discussion on social media, and community. The event brought a lively discussion, almost immediately. "I enjoyed the panel because it turned into a real conversation between the panelists and the audience, just like social media should be a real conversation between various parties," said Beth Granger, one of the panelists, who is a board member of Social Media Club of Long Island. Through a peer-to-peer lending site, brothers/owners Dan and Dave Morris raised money from more than 100 people in early 2010 to JimmyJacks' doors. Just two years later, the pair announced that they have closed them for the last time. The Bedford Avenue burger joint made the announcement on their Facebook page Tuesday night. For the second consecutive year, a Long Beach High School team took home a grand prize in the International Sustainable World (Engineering, Energy and Environment) Project Olympiad (I-SWEEEP), held in Houston, Texas May 3-6. Competing against more than 450 top projects from 40 states and 68 countries around the world, earned a gold medal in the Environmental category and went on to capture the coveted Grand Award in that category. Mineola is always proud of the amount of Portuguese heritage that it has within its village boundaries as well as the contributions made by residents of that background, adding a and to that of the larger community. On June 9, coinciding with Portugal Day (actually June 10), Manuel Carvalho, owner of will be holding an an outdoor Portuguese Cultural Festival for residents from noon to 10 p.m.
UPDATED, SUNDAY MORNING, 8:45 am ET SATURDAY NIGHT 10:30 pm ET WITH SOME SUNDAY NFL PROGRAMMING NOTES: With Saturday’s sad news on the passing of Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis, ESPN’s news operation responds. This obituary on Davis was the first of what will be a steady stream of content related to the face of the Raiders organization. ESPN.com’s AFC West blogger Bill Williamson was one of the first reporters to file a tribute. • Chris Berman’s video tribute is running across ESPN platforms, as are insights from analysts Tom Jackson and Matt Millen. Expect additional commentary from John Clayton, Chris Mortensen. ESPN’s Raiders and Al Davis-connected talent includes: Bill Parcells, Eric Allen, Jerry Rice, Jon Gruden, Jon Ritchie, Matt Stinchcomb and Millen. • Ritchie, a former Raiders fullback, discusses his former boss. • Expect a late-day Saturday package with both Mortensen and Gruden, from Detroit where they are for Monday night’s game (Bears-Lions). • The 8 a.m. (ET) Sunday SportsCenter featured a Bob Ley phone interview with former ESPN colleague Paul Maguire who played for Davis at The Citadel and remained close with him over the years. “There was never a time when I would call him that I wouldn’t hear back within ten minutes,” Maguire said. Also joining Ley on Sunday morning was Hank Goldberg in his regular picks appearance. Hammerin’ Hank also shared an anecdote about Davis regarding his generosity and kindness, something he saw firsthand over dinner with Davis and Jimmy the Greek many years ago. [Hank picked the Raiders as an 'upset special,' citing the emotional day it will be for the team at Houston.] • The 30for30 film “Straight Outta LA” – a tribute to Al Davis and Raider Nation – was scheduled to air at 11 p.m. ET on ESPN2. Film was directed by Ice Cube. • Extensive ESPN.com coverage here (see coverage box on right at link), including quotes/tweets from throughout the sports world and pop culture. Also reflections from Jerry Jones through ESPNDallas.com’s Todd Archer. Chuck Klosterman offers his perspective on Davis for Grantland. Also check ESPN Los Angeles for additional coverage. • NFL Sunday Countdown will feature discussion of Davis with the regular Countdown crew and will also include Jerry Rice and Steve Young, longtime Raiders rivals. • Every NFL contest on Sunday will feature a pre-game moment of silence in honor of Davis. * Statement from George Bodenheimer, President, ESPN and ABC Sports: “Al Davis was a driving force in pro football both on and off the field for decades. He leaves an indelible legacy and a legion of loyal players, coaches and fans.” • Statement from NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell: “Al Davis’s passion for football and his influence on the game were extraordinary. He defined the Raiders and contributed to pro football at every level. The respect he commanded was evident in the way that people listened carefully every time he spoke. He is a true legend of the game whose impact and legacy will forever be part of the NFL.” • Longtime ESPN Sunday NFL Countdown host Chris Bermanon Al Davis: ”We wouldn’t enjoy pro football the way it is today without Al Davis. He was a visionary, but above all, he was a man who loved the game of football. You could see it every time you saw him at a Raiders game or even heard him speak. You always knew what Al Davis and the Silver and Black stood for.” [NOTE: Chris promises to share a good anecdote about the first time he met Al Davis on NFL Countdown Sunday morning on ESPN.] • Keep up with ESPN’s social media coverage after the JUMP as we Storify tweets and posts from our talent.
What is Sleep Hygiene? What is Sleep Hygiene Sleep Hygiene = Healthy Sleep Habits Healthy sleep habits: How you sleep is very dependent on your routine. You train yourself to go to bed or to wake up at a certain time. All the elements of your sleep routine effect how well you sleep. Our sleep patterns are easily changed. Our emotional state and our physical environment impacts on our ability to fall asleep and stay asleep. Sleep is very sensitive to conditioning and so it is essential to break bad habits and establish new ones. Learn Good Sleep Habits by following this simple advice: During the Day Exercise during the day; limit your caffeine and alcohol consumption; especially in the evening. Don’t Nap! Your goal is to change your state of alertness. You need to calm your mind and body. Imagine an airplane that is descending. As it comes in it changes altitude. You need to do the same thing; become less alert and more relaxed. Stop doing things which are agitating, frustrating or exciting. Low lights, lying down, and relaxing activities, such as reading, watching unstimulating television, or listening to soothing music are suggested for the hour before bed. Only lie in your bed when you are going to go to sleep. In this way you are conditioning your mind and body to associate. Which means that your bedroom should not be your office or your workroom. Bedrooms should be dark (as in, low light), relatively cool (because lower body temperature helps sleep) and quiet. Your bedroom should be your retreat; a place to go when you want to let go of the day. Bedroom = Relaxation To create good sleep habits, it is best to be as consistent as possible. Try to go to sleep around the same time each night, and wake up around the same time each day. How many hours should I sleep? The easiest way to know is to get as much sleep as possible during the week. Then on the weekend, allow your self to sleep as late as you like. How many hours did you sleep? That is the optimal amount for your body. You can try this a few times in order to see how many hours you need to feel alert and refreshed. When do I “take something” to fall asleep? There are many sleep aids to consider. In the article entitled Understanding Sleep Problems I explained the use of medicines prescribed by doctors. However, some people prefer to use remedies, natural supplements and/or foods to improve sleep. Exactly when you decide to use a sleep aid to go to sleep depends on you. However, it is a good idea to use something for two weeks, just to break your old bad habits. If you are sleeping well, follow the suggestions given earlier. Once you have good sleep hygiene you can slowly stop taking the sleep aid and continue to get a good night’s sleep. What is a “Sleep Aid?” The most old-fashioned tried and true sleep aid is milk. Milk, like whole grains, lentils, chickpeas, peanuts, eggs, sunflower and sesame seeds, have tryptophan, which is an amino acid that occurs naturally in our body. It makes us sleepy. Melatonin is a hormone that occurs naturally in all of us, and it controls our circadian rhythm. Basically, it helps us sleep. You can buy Melatonin in health food stores or in your pharmacy without a prescription. Usually you take melatonin about two hours before going to sleep; and then you need to allow yourself to relax. Melatonin is also used to counteract the effects of jet-lag. Over-the-counter sleep aids are also available at your pharmacy.
LED (light emitting diode) light bulbs are a super energy-efficient light bulb type that is gaining popularity throughout the world as an excellent choice in energy-efficient lighting. LED bulbs are great for many reasons, including: - High efficiency: LED light bulbs use only 2-10 watts of electricity (1/3 to 1/30 of Incandescent or CFL) - Small size: provides design flexibility, arranged in rows, rings, clusters or individual points - High durability: no filament or tube to break - Life span: LEDs can last 50,000 – 60,000 hours, which is equal to years of illumination - Cool: LED bulbs don’t cause a heat buildup Kichler, a trusted and high-quality manufacturer of lighting fixtures, now offers some great choices in LED lighting fixtures for the exterior of your home. These fixtures use lower wattage and are very energy efficient. Plus, they are stylish. The fixtures are new and are available to the public starting this June (2009). Kichler has accent fixtures and path light fixtures, both of which provide excellent energy savings and come in several designs. Read more here about what Kichler has to say about its LED fixtures. The path lights, as pictured above, come in various finishes, including copper, new brick, textured tannery and verdigris, with the choice of copper or brass for the housing unit. The path lights are also lightweight, which makes installation that much easier. The fixtures do not come with an LED bulb, so make sure to purchase that separately. Please Contact Adams Electrical Services to install your LED light fixtures.
Good Luck TAMU, You'll Need It Texas A&M had a solid, if unspectacular season last year ending with a victory in a middling bowl game. They scored points in bunches, topping 30 points in 10 of their 13 contests, and never scoring less than 25 in a game all year long. They threw the ball wildly, all over the field, thanks to Ryan Tannehill. They racked up chunks of yards on those throws because of Ryan Swope, Jeff Fuller and company. The Aggies matched their prolific passing game with an effective rushing attack behind Cyrus Gray. It was all working in 2011…well, everything except the defense. Texas A&M was so bad defensively that their head coach was still fired even though the Aggies had been ranked in the top 10 in the nation and had just beaten a conference opponent 61-7. In between those two facts, however, rested games where A&M lost over and over again after having huge first half leads. After starting 2-0 and being ranked as high as 8th nationally, Texas A&M lost five of their next eight games and gave up an average of 28.3 points in the three games they won! Mike Sherman’s squad could not get a stop if his job depended on it. In hindsight, his job did depend on it; in related news, he lost his job. Now, with a new coach, the Aggies are heading to a new conference: the SEC, also known as “the best conference since man first took the skin from a pig and wrapped it around a spherical object to hurl through the air.” What this means for the Aggies is trouble. If their offense was all they had and they now move to a conference with the best defensive teams in the nation, wins might be hard to come by. Good Luck A&M; hope it was worth the money.
A Hermosa Beach supermarket and two businesses in El Segundo were cited for allegedly selling alcohol to a minor during a police sting operation, officers said Monday. Police on Thursday sent minor decoys into 51 businesses that sell alcohol in Manhattan Beach, Hermosa Beach and El Segundo. Employees were cited for selling alcohol to a minor at Ralphs, 1100 Pacific Coast Highway in Hermosa Beach; 7-Eleven, 100 W. Imperial Highway in El Segundo; and El Segundo Fish Co., 210 E. Grand Ave., El Segundo. The stings are conducted in an effort to reduce alcohol sales to minors in the cities, police said. - Larry Altman
Raineo, oh raineo, wherefore art thou, raineo? It’s rained maybe twice this year. Houston is dry. Dry, hot, and dying. When you walk outside it’s like entering an oven. And don’t even think that if there’s a breeze you’ll cool off. Next time you’re hot grab a hair dryer and blow it on yourself. Yeah, it’s like that. Despite the unbearable weather, Cooper still wants his walks. So we set off. Unfortunately the path we take behind the neighborhood has become a bit sketchy. There are huge cracks in the ground that trip you up. Naturally when I try to steer Coop toward the less cracked parts of the path he veers back and walks over the spots that could eat his leg for breakfast. We pressed on, though. Cracks be damned. The path we walk usually has some wildflowers. Well, apparently they’ve given the sun the middle finger because when we rounded the corner we were greeted by an explosion of flowers. Wow. There’s still pretty in this dry city. Coop was giddy. He stopped every few feet to pee on the flowers with the happiest dog grin ever plastered on his face. It was a magical place for him. And it was kinda magical. Sunflowers had exploded the whole way down this dirt road. There were other pretty plants too. Like these things (can’t remember what they’re called): Until I looked closer… Yes, I am immature. Anyway, I took a gazillion pictures of Coop by the flowers. By the end he was exhausted. We got back to the house and Coop dropped on the cool tile floor. I think he panted for a solid two hours straight. Being a mammal that sweats, I had the luxury of scrapping off a sweaty bra. Fun! But the point! The point is that it’s not all terrible out there. Yeah, the summer’s brutal and we still have three solid months of heat, but there’s some life out there to enjoy still. Leave a comment
David left Tuesday for AOBA Nationals in Louisville. I think this is going to be the last big trip of the Spring show season, but he's flying me down to be his lovely assistant this weekend - mostly so we can spend a bit of time together. I've never really spent any time in Louisville, and although I don't really expect to get to see much of the city, it should be a fun trip. Even though David won't be doing much more traveling for a while, I'm going to be off to New Jersey in a few weeks for my birthday present - an alpaca training workshop with Marty McGee Bennett. She also has a booth across from David's in Louisville, so he says he'll introduce me and tell her to pick on me. Before returning from that trip, I will making a stop at another farm in New Jersey to pick up Millicent, the weanling girl 'paca that David & I are buying together. On the knitting front, yesterday I seemed to be in a sock frenzy. I started a sock in Meilenweit Mega Boot Stretch, and when the 2.0mm dpn's became too much for my hands to handle, I switched to casting on for Wick (the saga of which I have yet to tell) slipper socks with 2 circs - one of which is cheap wood that the yarn really wants to stick to. Tonight I brought the spindle with some Madelyn roving that I've started spinning a laceweight singles from and the Jacqueline Fee sweater sampler, which I've left just shy of finishing. Work has been okay so far tonight, but death seems to be the primary theme of the evening. Euthanasias are the unfortunate part of working in emergency medicine. I do quite a lot of them. It can be a very depressing thing, but 12 years of this have made me fairly philosophical about death and being the bringer of death. A few years ago Tricycle magazine had an article on pet euthanasia that had a decidely anti slant and took the viewpoint that euthanasia was doing violence, which is contrary to the Buddhist concept of ahimsa. But what, then, is letting a pet suffer if not violence through inaction? There are very few situations in which I will actually recommend euthanasia (though one tonight fit into that category), but sometimes there are no other good options. In those situations, I'd far prefer to give my patient a release from the suffering that they can't understand. A Cheerier Note Getting away from the doom and gloom, I happened to be looking through a section of today's newspaper and there was an article on Maine Fiberarts' new map of member businesses. The photo they used for the article was from an alpaca farm near us where David has two of his girls boarding, and one of them was even in the photo! I tried to find an online version of the article to include here, but they apparently didn't think it had enough web appeal. And since I can't offer that for your visual pleasure, I'm posting a shot of the yarn I bought from Carol's etsy store. I don't know yet what it's going to become, but I absolutely love it. I was thinking today that maybe I'll take the time to accumulate several colorways from her then turn them into a multicolor sweater.
Web Search powered by Yahoo! SEARCH Dear Readers: Blount Today to close Photo by Leslie Karnowski Enjoying time together during the “Lunch with a Loved One” event are, from left, Lilly and Sophie McAmis, grandmother Pat Miller, great-grandmother Betty Disney, Hannah Disney and mom Karen Disney. Be the first to post a comment! Feels Like: 78° Feels Like: 74° Feels Like: 79° Check out the happenings around Blount County in Community News See what our community columnists have to say This week's area high school sports plus much more See what Robin McDaniel is cooking up in this week's In The Kitchen See who's in Snapshots this week Find us on Facebook and keep up with breaking news and more.
9:44 PM CST, February 23, 2013 Jordan Samuels-Thomas had to leave home to find out how much he missed home. And if that sounds like something out of a Disney movie, well, that's probably a good a place to start. As he stood there with his family Friday night after Quinnipiac, the nation's top-ranked hockey team, dusted No. 13 Yale 4-1 at High Point Solutions Arena, Cliff Thomas needed only three words to answer why he got his son involved in the sport. "The Mighty Ducks," said Thomas, who coaches track at Prince Tech. If the Bobcats were to win the national title this April in Pittsburgh, if Samuels-Thomas were to tuck in a huge goal in the Frozen Four, you've got to wonder if they'd thank Gordon Bombay, Jesse Hall and the trilogy of Mighty Ducks movies from the nineties. "Loved 'The Mighty Ducks,'" said the junior right wing, who at 6-4, 198 pounds, is built like a tight end. "I got so excited watching it. Hockey was the first sport I remember watching on TV. I was attracted to the speed. My parents were great to get me into it right away." Jordan was barely 5. By the time he was 7, he already was quoted in The Courant saying he wanted to play in the NHL and Ray Bourque was his idol. Well, by 22, he has been drafted by the Atlanta Thrashers, now Winnipeg Jets, and entered the weekend third in scoring for No. 1 Quinnipiac. Those facts also tell only a portion of the story. Climbing the ranks of North American ice hockey — regardless of race or creed — is a road traveled differently from other major sports. For an African-American player, born in West Hartford, it has meant going away to prep school at 14, to the cornfields of Iowa at 17, to college in northwest Ohio and one day probably to Manitoba. Yet it also has meant returning to Connecticut to play for a team that is catching the sporting fancy of his home state. "We don't have any teams in the four major sports," Samuels-Thomas said. "UConn basketball is our pro team. I know we're not getting the same attention they do in one of their better years, but we are getting attention. Having that No. 1 ranking in Connecticut, it's important. It's exciting." He started at 5 playing house league in South Windsor for a year. Developing quickly, he played for the Newington Nighthawks for a few years. Nick Bonino, who now plays for the Mighty Ducks' NHL offspring in Anaheim, was on that team. When he was 8, Jordan moved on to the Springfield Junior Pics for three years. He would play "up" with kids a couple of years older on the Junior Coyotes Bantams. At 14, he went to Canterbury School in New Milford for two years before leaving to play in the AJHL for the Hartford Junior Wolfpack. He made the big move to Iowa at 17 to play for Waterloo in the USHL, the top-tier U.S. junior league. "I had to grow up quick at prep school, it wasn't the easiest time for me," Samuels-Thomas said. "I would say my transition to Iowa actually was easier." He billeted with a family in Waterloo. He also had long drives around the upper Midwest to games. He had to learn the responsibility to handle money and get to high school. He went to Waterloo West High — alma mater of wrestling great Dan Gable. "Our team's a big deal in that area. Everybody at school knows you play and you're a bit of a celebrity in town," Samuels-Thomas said. His first year at Waterloo, he needed to figure out what would make him more successful at a higher level. He could shoot the puck. He could protect the puck. Size and strength were assets. His combativeness caught the fans' fancy. He needed to improve his skating and his defensive zone awareness. "I was scoring primarily in Connecticut so nobody gave me a hard time about my D-zone play," Samuels-Thomas said. "It's a business out there. You've got to be an all-around player, especially if you want to play in college and get noticed by NHL scouts." His game began to flourish his second year. He scored 32 goals. He was drafted in the seventh round. He accepted a scholarship to Bowling Green. "At that point, I kind of liked being away from home," Samuels-Thomas said. "And being a big guy going against other big guys in the CCHA, I thought it was good preparation for the NHL." Ice time worked for him. He had a chance to develop his open-ice offensive play. The school didn't work for him. Bowling Green went through three coaches in two years. "There wasn't much stability and I felt I wasn't getting much better except what I was doing on my own," he said. "On top of that, we were losing a lot." He led Bowling Green in scoring in both of his seasons. The bad news: Bowling Green was 15-52-10 during that time. "When hockey doesn't go well and you're not really happy where you are, that's a lot to deal with," Samuels-Thomas said. He decided to transfer. The kid who liked being away from home was eager to return to New England. "Being close to home was really important for me," he said. He talked to UMass-Lowell. He talked to Maine and a few other Hockey East schools. He met with Rand Pecknold. He was sold on Quinnipiac's future. Even though he had to sit out a year, he knew Quinnipiac would be strong this season. That didn't make last year easy. "It didn't really hit me until the first game, an exhibition game," he said. "I'd been able to do everything until that point, and then you walk into the locker room. Your name isn't on the lineup sheet. Wow. "Until then, my life was all hockey, hockey, hockey. It's all I did since I was little. My life is still pretty revolved around the game, but sitting a year out allowed me to find out who I was outside hockey. It was a blessing in disguise." He spent more time with his family than he had in a long time. He drove home to Windsor. On weekends when the team was on the road, he'd be with his mom, Joan Samuels, talking about life, and with his dad. He'd go to church with them. He'd read the Bible. "I found out a lot more about who I want to be outside the rink," he said. When discussing a transfer, Pecknold had shown Samuels-Thomas exactly who was on the team and who was coming. "I'm thinking this could be really good, but I wouldn't say we would have been the No. 1 team in the nation," he said. "This is even beyond what I thought it would be." After not playing a game for a year and seven months, Samuels-Thomas had trouble finding his rhythm at the beginning of the season. "I'm still finding it, really," he said before scoring a pair of goals in a 3-3 tie with Brown Saturday night. "Game speed, intensity, it was hard for me to adjust back. The coaches have been great being patient with me and I've had to be patient with myself." As Samuels-Thomas skated on a line with Ben Arnt against Yale, he stood out as unique. No, not because he's African-American. Thankfully, a once lily-white game has evolved to where there are at least 25 players of color in the NHL. Unique because he was the only player from Connecticut on either roster. The state has turned out a bunch of elite college players over the years and most matriculated to the banks of the Charles River. With Quinnipiac and UConn's move to Hockey East, that can change. "If you're from Connecticut and you're a top young player, you think about BC and BU," Samuels-Thomas said. "When I played for the Junior Wolfpack, I really had no idea about Quinnipiac. With the success of the program, I think you'll see more Connecticut kids wanting to stay." And who knows? Connecticut kids may see Samuels-Thomas on television, in or out of skates. A communications student, he's had his major picked out since he was 12. He wants to work in sports television. I met him last year when he interned with sports director Rich Coppola at FOX CT. "Rich was awesome, he taught me a lot about things in the industry and helped me narrow my focus," Samuels-Thomas said. "I want to love my job when I'm out of college. I hope my hockey career can be strong enough so I'll have an upper hand." So there was Jordan Samuels-Thomas anchoring the news for the school station Thursday night. And there he was skating right wing on a nationally televised game against Yale on NBC Sports Friday night. All this, 40 minutes from his home. Even Gordon Bombay would say that's a pretty good weekend. Copyright © 2013, The Hartford Courant
Service | Policies | About Us | Your Account | Sign In Lost your password? | Register fake hair made bowknot look hair dress; 4 colors available: 1- brown 2- chocolate 3- wine red 4- black Shipping & discounts the costume would be shipped by EMS/UPS Worldwide Express All products' photo was actual, and taken exactly. Fanplusfriend all rights reserved. Click here to send payment directly. or view payment details. Please email us for any questions E-mail a friend about this item. Return to Catalog
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform held a hearing on Wednesday on a topic that doesn't usually reach our radar: the manner in which local radio stations receive the ratings that determine their audience size and advertising rates. The debate that took place highlighted the difficulty of creating a balance between using technology for outreach while preserving access for all groups. In 2007, the audience measurement firm Arbitron (basically the Nielsen of radio) introduced its Portable People Meter (PPM), a device that is worn like a beeper and tracks what radio stations the user is exposed to during the day. Previously the company relied on written accounts of radio listening habits from survey participants. Predictably, the initial data reports showed that the stations individuals were actually exposed to differed significantly from their written recollections. Listeners were exposed to more radio stations than they admitted and listened to them for shorter periods of time. Arbitron Chief Executive Officer Michael Skarzynski maintained that the changes in the data are reflective of greater accuracy in the survey methodology. Critics were quick to point out that being in the vicinity of a radio doesn't necessarily mean someone is actively listening to the content or advertising. Additionally, some advocacy groups claim the changes to the ratings have disproportionately harmed radio stations owned by or targeted toward minorities. In particular, Spanish-language and urban radio stations have seen their reported audiences shrink and their advertising revenue plummet thanks to the new Arbitron ratings. House Oversight Chairman Ed Towns, D-NY, suggested that flaws in Arbitron's methodology may be costing minority communities one of their most crucial organizing tools. "What's at stake is life and death of one of the most viable industries for people of color," said Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-D.C. Skarzynski argued that much of the decline in audience is due to the general economic situation, as well as the particular difficulties facing the radio industry such as the rise of the Internet. He said the rating declines facing minority and urban radio stations have also emerged in other formats, including talk and Christian radio. But according to Univision's Ceril Shagrin, the disproportionate impact of the new methodology on specific audiences would suggest that at very least Arbitron is facing issues with its sample size. Shagrin's point speaks to the heart of the issue, which is providing equal access in an age where technology is increasingly the default government tool for both gathering and disseminating information to the public. For a multitude of reasons, minority and low-income individuals are significantly less likely to have access to the Internet. Even among minorities with the necessary resources, language and cultural barriers may prevent certain populations from taking advantage of the latest communications technologies. Since these are groups that are often less engaged by the government to begin with, the increasing reliance on technology rather than personal interaction may serve to discourage individuals in those communities from interacting with the government, even when its in their own interests. This is something to keep in mind as our nation is fast becoming accustomed to conducting all of our government transactions online, from renewing our license to collecting social security payments. While the vast majority of federal financial transactions are now electronic, there remains a sizable number of individuals that can't or don't take advantage of the more modern ways of interacting with the government. Similarly, surveys that rely on online respondents are by definition out of reach for a significant portion of the general public. So what is the solution? George Ivie of the Media Rating Council repeatedly advocated more personal interaction on the part of Arbitron and recommended the firm increase the amount of outreach and education between the company and the participants. This is excellent advice for any federal agency seeking to interact with minorities and other groups that are traditionally hard to reach. The Census Bureau in particular would be wise to invest more resources placing agents in undercounted communities, rather than relying on advertising and media campaigns. Regardless, it's important to keep in mind that while the goal of many public-facing government technology initiatives is to increase the public's access, the benefit is often restricted to communities that are already comfortable interacting with the government. If the goal is to build trust and engagement among groups that are traditionally resistant to such interaction then nothing beats an old-fashioned handshake.
Asking the Most Important Question Many believe that assurance of eternal salvation is neither possible nor even to be sought. To claim such assurance is considered a mask of supreme arrogance, the nadir of self-conceit. Yet if God declares that it is possible to have full assurance of salvation and even commands that we seek after it, it would be supremely arrogant for one to deny or neglect it. In fact, God does command us to seek certainty about our salvation: "Therefore, my brothers, be all the more eager to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you will never fall" (2 Peter 1:10, NIV). This command admits of no justifiable neglect. It addresses a crucial matter. The question "Am I saved?" is one of the most important questions I can ever ask myself. I need to know the answer. I must know the answer. This is not a trifle. Without the assurance of salvation, the Christian life is unstable. It is vulnerable to the debilitating rigors of mood changes and allows the wolf of heresy to camp on the doorstep. Progress in sanctification requires a firm foundation in faith. Without it, the foundation crumbles. Coram Deo: Living in the Presence of God Ask God to cement the foundation of your faith with divine assurance of your salvation. For Further Study 2 Peter 1:10: "Therefore, brethren, be even more diligent to make your call and election sure, for if you do these things you will never stumble." Ephesians 2:4-5: "But God, who is rich in mercy, because of His great love with which He loved us, even when we were dead in trespasses, made us alive together with Christ (by grace you have been saved)." 1 Peter 1:5: "[We] are kept by the power of God through faith for salvation ready to be revealed in the last time." The mission, passion and purpose of Ligonier Ministries and Dr. R.C. Sproul is to help people grow in their knowledge of God and His holiness. For more information, please visit www.ligonier.org or call them at 800-435-4343. © R.C. Sproul. All rights reserved. Subscribe to Tabletalk Magazine from Ligonier Ministries When you subscribe to Tabletalk, you get a tool that helps you grow in your knowledge of God and in your love for His Son and His people. Each month is packed with more than 60 pages of focused, practical Bible study and insightful commentary by today's top Christian thinkers. Learn more about the magazine. The June 2013 issue of Tabletalk features articles examining faith and repentance. The words “faith” and “repentance” are misunderstood by many people, including a large number of professing Christians. Skeptics caricature faith as the opposite of reason. Richard Dawkins, for example, has defined faith as “belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.” Repentance is sometimes seen by Christians as optional. Because faith is central to the message of the Bible, and because faith and repentance are demanded of all who hear the message of Christ, it is necessary that we come to a true understanding of the meaning of these words—not in order to increase our vocabulary, but in order that we might trust and obey the living God. Contributors include R.C. Sproul along with Guy Richard, Sinclair Ferguson, Joel Beeke, Keith Mathison, R.C.Sproul Jr., Trip Lee, Douglas J. Moo, Cal Thomas and Abdul Saleeb.
Try Before You Buy Sometimes a test drive around the block just isn't enough. Why not rent your favorite Toyota for the day, weekend, or week and see how it feels and looks in your driveway? Does it fit your kids, lifestyle, and all your Costco items? If you love it and decide to purchase any New Toyota from Rodland Toyota, we will credit your rental car bill up to $300* ($100 for Scion purchases)! *Total bill deducted from best negotiated price on new Toyota vehicles. ($300 maximum credit- not to be below dealer invoice. Up to $100 credit for Scion purchases). Offer good for up to one year from rental date. Note: You can combine multiple rentals during a one year period to reach the maximum credit described above. All drivers must have a valid driver's license, full coverage insurance, and a credit card in primary driver's name. Offer is valid on any Toyota vehicle for any rental duration at any rental rate. Frequently Asked Questions: Call 425-353-1111 or email us email@example.com to reserve a car today! What is Toyota Rent A Car? Toyota Rent A Car is a vehicle rental system for Toyota Dealers only. It has been designed by Toyota to assist dealers in providing available Toyota rental models to satisfy customers for everything from service or insurance replacement to retail rentals for weekend test drives and/ or extended travel plans. Toyota Rent A Car has been in operation in the U.S. for the past 12 years and worldwide for 40 years. It operates in over 30 countries and is the leading rental car company in Japan. Are TRAC rates competitive with other rental agencies? Yes, they are. We are committed to satisfying our current owners and prospective ones. We are able to provide very competitive rates since our vehicles and our facility are part of our dealership. Can I rent a vehicle at Rodland Toyota and return it to another location? Unfortunately no. All vehicles must be returned to the dealer the vehicle was rented Can I rent from any Toyota dealership? Toyota.com/rental/ You can rent from any participating Toyota Rent A Car dealer. At this time, more than 50% of all Toyota dealers are Toyota Rent A Car dealers, and that means that they participate in the official Toyota Rent A Car program. Toyota.com, the Toyota website, has a dealer locator. Click on the Toyota Rent A Car link to find your closest Toyota Rent A Car dealer. Can I buy the vehicle I am renting? Yes you can!!! All TRAC vehicles are available for purchase after their short four-month stint in rental service. Ask your rental agent when your vehicle is ready for purchase. Can I take the vehicle I am renting to Canada? Yes. Check with your rental agent regarding mileage rates Do I use my insurance to rent a TRAC vehicle? Yes. All drivers are required to carry their own full coverage insurance (including collision, and comprehensive). Rodland Toyota does not provide, or offer any insurance. What do I do if my TRAC vehicle breaks down? For your safety and convenience, every TRAC vehicle comes with complimentary 24 hour Roadside Assistance covering mechanical breakdown, fluid delivery, tire changes, jump starts, lockout service and towing. More reason to feel secure renting a TRAC vehicle and more evidence that your complete satisfaction is our goal. (800 number is located in the right hand corner of your rental agreement.) Can you tow with your rental vehicles? Yes, although you are responsible for any and all damage that occurs to the rental vehicle or payload as a result of towing. You must provide your own ball & hitch assembly. Vehicles with towing capability include: Tacoma (7-pin harness, 6500 lb Can I drop off a rental vehicle after hours/overnight? Every rental vehicle must be checked in by either a rental agent or manager. No overnight drop-offs are allowed, otherwise a fee will be charged to the rental agreement. If I rent the vehicle in my name, can my son/daughter drive it even though he/she's not 21 but they are on my insurance? Can I go to Mexico in a rental vehicle? No. Under no circumstances can rental vehicles travel to Mexico. Do your rental vehicles have DVD players? Do you have Hybrids? Yes! We carry a full line of hybrids including Prius and Camry Hybrid. Call us for availability.
They're Real, And They're Not All That Spectacular My boobs? Are gargantuan. And they itch. Which means, sadly, that my enjoyment of them is limited. Gigantic boobs are highly over-rated, if you ask me, and all the more so if they are both gigantic and itchy. They cause back pain, and skin discomfort, and I'll be damned if I can find a bra in which to cram these things that both a) contains them properly, and b) doesn't exascerbate the itchiness with crap like underwire (a torture device if there ever was one) or elastic or lace or, well, anything that presses against the skin. Which leaves one with giant cotton nursing bras, which, you know, don't exactly make one feel sex-AY. (My ass? Also massive. But it is one of the very great mercies of Mother Nature and whatever gods are responsible for buttocks that the ass is located on one's back side. Where one cannot see it, unless one contorts oneself in front of a mirror, which one is not inclined to do when one has ballooned to the size of a baby whale. So, no, I do not spend a great deal of time reflecting upon the size of my ass. I just pretend that it's not there. ANYWAY.) Remember these? NOT AS BIG AS THE NEW ONES, oh my hell. The first time around the pregnancy and nursing block, the massive tits were a novelty. Oooh, look at these! A novelty that wore off as soon as there was a nipple-chomping infant latched to them, but still: there was a period of time, albeit short, during which I thought that they were pretty awesome. This, of course, was also a time during which I clung to the belief that they would just, you know, stay that way permanently, or that if they weren't destined to remain in a state of partum robustness, that they would just bounce right back to their regular perky 34B selves. This was a belief that was, of course, shattered not long after Wonderbaby weaned - and one that shattered devastatingly - but it was nice while it lasted. This time, I don't have the luxury of regarding my boobies through rose-coloured glasses: I note their massiveness and am immediately confronted by the fact that they will deflate. And that, I am sure, will not be pretty. So: big, itchy and doomed to a tube-sock future. This sucks. What's a vain and uncomfortable pregnant woman to do? Seriously: anyone got any good leads on pregnancy-safe boob moisturizers? Jumbo-sized bras without scratchy bits that aren't too ugly? Space-age titty technology that lifts and separates and restores mammary beauty? Anyone, anyone? PLEASE? Help me. I pay in chocolate.
Word Origin & History 1560s, "sudden turn of mind," perhaps related to O.E. frician "to dance" (not recorded in M.E., but the word may have survived in dialect), or perhaps from M.E. frek "bold, quickly," from O.E. frec "greedy, gluttonous." Sense of "capricious notion" (1560s) and "unusual thing, fancy" (1784) preceded that in freak of nature (1847). The sense in health freak, ecology freak, etc. is attested from 1908. The verb meaning "change, distort" goes back to 1911. also freakout bad psychedelic drug trip or something comparable to one, 1966 (despite an amusing coincidental appearance of the phrase dug up by the OED for 1749), from verbal phrase freak out, attested from 1965 in the drug sense; see freak . Freak (n.) "drug user" is attested from 1945.
The four Republican and four Democratic senators arrived at their declaration of principles in part by fudging the particulars. The senators agreed that most illegal immigrants should qualify for probationary legal status. That would allow them to work and stay in the United States before becoming eligible to apply for a green card and, ultimately, citizenship. But whether that process would take five years, 20 years or more was left fuzzy. Among those who accept that 11 million undocumented residents are here to stay, there is broad agreement that the path to citizenship should include screening for criminal records, paying fines and back taxes and establishing a means for employers to verify the legal status of job applicants. Many in Congress also understand that any reform package must establish a workable mechanism to satisfy the market’s future demand for an adequate number of low-skilled workers and ensure visas for foreigners who receive degrees in science, technology and engineering from U.S. universities. It remains an open question whether that consensus extends to the House majority. Top House Republicans, including Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), were noncommittal about the senators’ declaration. If the fledgling bipartisan plan provides a jolt of momentum toward bona fide negotiations, it will have been a success. The Washington Post
It’s been a while since I’ve posted the DNA men. There are some tasty morsels this month. The morsel above would be my pick. -RJP Steve Chatham (below) is not a mate of the month, but he’s on DNA and not only quite the little slice, but can sing too.
By Allan Muir A guide to this morning’s must-read hockey stories: • They’re not just talking about Ryan Kesler in Vancouver. They’re still on about Nail Yakupov’s goal celebration and the need to help players learn to celebrate responsibly. • The Canucks still don’t have a timetable for Kesler’s return. They won’t really know what they are — or what they need — until he skates. • Logan Couture shows support for the San Francisco 49ers with the first-known display of Kaepernicking on ice. Oh, and the San Jose Sharks are now 7-0. • Paul Stastny’s early minus-3 was forgiven after a pair of late goals led the Avs to a surprising 6-3 win over the Flames that left Adrian Dater a little loopy. • Goals are like bananas because they come in bunches. That’s the wit and wisdom of Tampay Bay coach Guy Boucher. • Another day another missed deadline in the root canal that is the Phoenix Coyotes story. • More than a year after former Canucks’ enforcer Rick Rypien killed himself, his brother is at the forefront of a month-long initiative by Canada’s NHL teams to raise mental health awareness. • The Predators and Kings went eight rounds deep into the shootout before Nashville finally pulled it out.
Posted by SLS on April 29, 2012, at 19:20:54 In reply to Re: ADs may do more Harm than Good -New Research paper, posted by ron1953 on April 29, 2012, at 19:06:58 > The gentleman doth wonderith about the dangers of giving and taking medication advice to/from strangers, however well-spoken, on the Internet. He is astounded by such cavalier arrogance about the dangers of such a practice, or the naivete to follow such dubious advice. Words. I notice that you are particularly fixated on the word "arrogance". Why does my existence bother you so? Surely, I am not the only one on this board behaving the way you portray me as behaving. You still wish that you were me. It is so obvious. Either I am your hero, or you are your own worst enemy. For you, there is nothing in between. How is that for getting personal? It is no act of brilliance to be different for the sake of being different. Perhaps it is a way to fulfill one's desperate need to feel significant in the world. The truth shall set you free. Give me a break. Some see things as they are and ask why. I dream of things that never were and ask why not. - George Bernard Shaw
Arquivo Brasileiro de Medicina Veterinária e Zootecnia versão impressa ISSN 0102-0935 PITA, M.C.G.; PIBER NETO, E.; CARVALHO, P.R. e MENDONCA JUNIOR, C.X.. Effect of dietary supplementation of flaxseed, canola oil and vitamin E upon polyunsaturated fatty acids in chicken eggs. Arq. Bras. Med. Vet. Zootec. [online]. 2006, vol.58, n.5, pp. 925-931. ISSN 0102-0935. http://dx.doi.org/10.1590/S0102-09352006000500031. The effect of dietary sources of polyunsaturated fatty acids - canola oil and flaxseed - with different vitamin E supplementation on the fatty acid deposition into the eggs of 288 Babcock laying hens was investigated. Birds were fed diets containing 6% of canola oil, 20% of flaxseed or a combination of 3% of canola oil and 10% of flaxseed, enriched with 0, 100 or 200Ul of dl-a-tocopheril acetate. The inclusion of flaxseed in the diets increased the yolk polyunsaturated fatty acids, mainly a-linolenic acid and EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid). The concentration of a-tocopherol in the diet did not change the egg yolk, fatty acids deposition but changed the saturated fatty acids deposition. Palavras-chave : polyunsaturated; canola; flaxseed; yolk; vitamin E.
Pics of “24″ pinball now online Stern’s latest pinball game, “24″ is soon going to hit the streets and with it, Pinball News has got their hands on a prototype of the game and have snapped some shots of every angle imaginable of the machine, as you might expect from them. Up close the game looks better than I thought it would based upon the blurry shot we had of the playfield beforehand – I just wonder if Stern is ever going to plan on doing a little more with their games and go as far as adding a multi-color dot matrix display or something along those lines. Of course the consideration of changing something so sacred and established as that might be blasphemy in some circles so I suppose they must tread carefully. Click on the image above to enlarge.Pinball, Stern comment below, or link to this permanent URL from your own site.
I just had all four of my wisdom teeth extracted this morning by an oral surgeon (so I was under anesthesia and asleep for the procedure). It is so painful even with the pain meds I am taking. How long does the pain last? I hope I will be ok to go to work Tuesday... This is going to be a long weekend!
Several times, President Obama has proposed cutting the deduction down to 28% from 35% of mortgage interest payments for Americans in the top income bracket. But his proposals have gotten nowhere, thanks to lobbying from home builders, the National Association of Realtors and the Mortgage Bankers Association. But this time, lobbyists are worried. That's because for the first time in years, House Republicans say they are open to scrubbing any tax breaks from the books as part of shrinking federal deficits. Housing lobbyists have spent a combined $30 million this year, up from $27 million last year, according to Center for Responsive Politics figures. They're ensuring that leaders don't do anything "penny-wise and pound foolish," said David Stevens, CEO of the Mortgage Bankers Association. The economy "could actually move backwards" if the deduction is taken away, he warned because it has a significant impact on middle class Americans' cash flow. Another powerful group, the National Association of Realtors, has spent a record $25 million on lobbying this year, more than any other year, federal records show. The group declined to share its plans on defending the deduction. But earlier this month, its President Gary Thomas touted that the group had "secured 183 bipartisan cosponsors," this year to support a House resolution that would protect the current tax deduction for mortgage interest. "We will continue to work with members of Congress on the consumer's behalf on this issue," Thomas said in a statement.
Looney Tunes online for free, Looney Tunes live. Looney Tunes.Watch Looney Tunes online for free in live TV channel and streaming. Looney Tunes is a Kids internet television channel online.Merrie Melodies/Looney Tunes Classic cartoons and TV shows free to view.Free Watch online Looney Tunes channel from USA, Looney Tunes satellite TV from Kids category.Looney tunes Network Cartoon,cartoon characters ,cartoon channels live stream,cartoon channels, live stream. TV Channel not playing? Click Here to Report it to get it fixed Please wait 15 to 30 seconds in order for the stream to load! Embed For Webmasters
- Special Sections - Public Notices RALEIGH—A Brunswick County man was recently sentenced to federal prison on narcotics charges. Kendrick O’Brian Crawford, 28, was sentenced to 135 months in federal prison on each of six counts of which he was convicted. According to the U.S. Attorney’s Office, Crawford previously pleaded guilty to six counts of distributing cocaine. If you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the Brunswick Beacon, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. Click the question mark below to see where your account ID appears on your mailing label. If you are new to the award winning Brunswick Beacon and wish to get a subscription or simply gain access to our online content then please enter your ZIP code below and continue to setup your account.
Inspired by the "new art" period of 1890-1905, these pens are 3D cast in 22K gold and either Rhodium or Black Titanium. Shown here in double dyed Box Elder and in dark blue dyed Buckeye Burl. With these elite pens come a complementary gift box in cherry or bubinga. 8" Carolina Pepper and Salt Mill Set by Noemi Sep 28th 2012 Innovative Wood did a great job. They were even able to engrave and worked with me on specific details, too. The salt and pepper mill set came out looking really nice! The mills seemed to work well, too, though I just tried them out a little bit before giving them as a gift. The company kept in good communication with me throughout the whole process. I wouldn't hesitate to work with Innovative Wood in the future again.
Maryland's Bethesda Softworks is a serial one-hit wonder. While other development houses crank out one adventure after another, Softworks releases a single obsessively detailed title every few years. The massive virtual environments it creates are hotly anticipated by the gamerati. Fallout 3, a single-player role-playing game set in a post-apocalyptic Washington, DC, launched with 4.7 million copies, brought in $300 million in sales, and was hands down the best game of 2008. And the company isn't finished with Fallout 3. It's rolling out extension packs with new maps and content every few months, like recent releases Operation: Anchorage and The Pitt, which users can download straight to their PCs or Xbox 360s. "Our games encourage people to sink huge chunks of time into their characters," says Peter Hines, vice president of PR and marketing. "Downloadable content keeps it fresh and gives players new stuff to do so that their experience with a game doesn't end after a week." Plus, it offers a continuing revenue stream:Game expansions are roughly $10 per download. But Fallout isn't the only arrow in Bethesda's quiver: A new game for Xbox 360, Rogue Warrior, is due out in the fall. And the company's sister division, ZeniMax Online Studios, is at work on a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG), the type of revenue-generating behemoth that could pit Bethesda and ZeniMax against World of Warcraft, the gaming community's 10-ton hammer. Keep an eye on: DreamGear Accessories: Dream-Gear's heavy-metal-inspired WarBeast, a full-size replica guitar designed by famed electric guitar-maker B.C. Rich, ups the thrash and style factor for Rock Band and Guitar Hero shredders. Double Fusion: Double Fusion has posted double-digit revenue growth by negotiating product placement and advertising within video games, an emerging, but neglected, market. Majesco Entertainment: Cooking Mama and Mega Brain Boost were Majesco's unlikely gaming successes. And experts predict more hits as the company's Go Play series for Wii ups the ante. Media Molecule: This United Kingdom indie studio cashed in big on downloadable content for its hit game, Little Big Planet. MindArk: Sweden-based Mind-Ark's Planet Calypso, launched this year, allows users to create products or sell services for real cash. Mythic Entertainment: An innovative "Realm vs. Realm" system, in which teams battle to make their server top dog, will help Mythic's new Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning challenge World of Warcraft. Silicon Mountain Holdings Inc.: It owns two of the hottest boutique gaming computer system manufacturers in the U.S., WidowPC and Visionman, and just released a line of value-priced high-definition TV-PCs. SteelSeries: Once known only to hard-core gamers, SteelSeries inked a deal with BestBuy to put its gaming accessories, including the popular WoW mouse, in front of consumers. ThatGameCompany: TGC released its groundbreaking game Flower for download on PlayStation 3 and is coming out with new games that deliver emotional content besides anger, bloodlust and rage.
One of my favorite internet things are giveaways. I love supporting both bloggers and the brands that support us! Madewell is giving away $100 on Oh, Hello Friend! This is her reader appreciation week and she is giving away a good lot of things. I am very excited to bring you the other giveaways so you can enter as well! Enjoy! Update: Check out these awesome giveaways as well! And if you look hard, you’ll be able to see my little cute ad on her list of readers!
View Single Post March 29th, 2009, 09:54 AM September 6th, 2008 word = FUN Originally Posted by Any further word on World's Biggest on the greater portland area? I know it'll be good times. Call Disc Golf Depot (Jerry Miller) for details. He has been running WB's for 19 years and always hosts great events. He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. He will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart. You owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion. View Public Profile Find all posts by Flatroc
Petros - a mountain, one of the highest peaks (2020 m.) of Montenegro Ridge (Ukraine)in the north-west end of the spine between the mountains Sheshul and Goverla in Rakhiv district, Transcarpathian region. Western and southwestern slopes are steep with numerous stone skree, north and northeast - steep, on rocky ledges. It consists of sandstone. Covered mainly subalpine vegetation. Thanks to V.Tomchyk for this description.
E1310, E1320 For Research Use Only. Not for Use in Diagnostic Procedures. Patents - Disclaimers BY USE OF THIS PRODUCT, RESEARCHER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LIMITED USE STATEMENT. If the researcher is not willing to accept the conditions of this limited use statement, and the product is unused, Promega will accept return of the unused product and provide the researcher with a full refund. Researchers may use this product for research use only, no commercial use is allowed. Commercial Use means any and all uses of this product and derivatives by a party for monetary or other consideration and may include but is not limited to use in: (1) product manufacture; and (2) to provide a service, information or data; and/or resale of the product or its derivatives, whether or not such product or derivatives are resold for use in research. Researchers shall have no right to modify or otherwise create variations of the nucleotide sequence of the luciferase gene except that Researchers may: (1) create fused gene sequences provided that the coding sequence of the resulting luciferase gene has no more than four deoxynucleotides missing at the affected terminus compared to the intact luciferase gene sequence, and (2) insert and remove nucleic acid sequences in splicing research predicated on the inactivation or reconstitution of the luminescence of the encoded luciferase. No other use or transfer of this product or derivatives is authorized without the prior express written consent of Promega. In addition, Researchers must either: (1) use luminescent assay reagents purchased from Promega Corporation for all determinations of luminescence activity of this product and its derivatives; or (2) contact Promega to obtain a license for use of the product and its derivatives. Researchers may transfer derivatives to others for research use provided that at the time of transfer a copy of this label license is given to the recipients and recipients agree to be bound by the terms of this label license. With respect to any uses outside this label license, including any diagnostic, therapeutic or prophylactic uses, please contact Promega for supply and licensing information. PROMEGA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING FOR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH REGARDS TO THE PRODUCT. The terms of this agreement shall be governed under the laws of the State of Wisconsin, USA. The above license relates to Promega patents and/or patent applications on improvements to the luciferase gene. U.S. Pat. No. 5,670,356. U.S. Pat. No. 8,008,006 and European Pat. No. 1341808. The method of recombinant expression of Coleoptera luciferase is covered by U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,583,024, 5,674,713 and 5,700,673. A license (from Promega for research reagent products and from The Regents of the University of California for all other fields) is needed for any commercial sale of nucleic acid contained within or derived from this product. The use of this product and derivatives thereof is strictly limited to that of a life sciences research reagent. All other use is strictly prohibited, including but not limited to any diagnostic, therapeutic, or commercial use. The use of this product for in vivo bioluminescent imaging may be covered by one or more patents controlled by Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. Those patents include U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,650,135, 6,217,847, 6,923,951, 6,908,605, 6,890,515, and corresponding foreign patents and pending applications. The purchase or transfer of this product is not intended, either expressly or by implication, to grant any right or license to practice under the foregoing patents. Purchasers are advised to contact Caliper Life Sciences, Inc., 68 Elm St., Hopkinton, MA 01748 for information regarding a license to practice under such patents.
Founded in 2008, The Village Markets are the Gold Coast's original and best boutique and lifestyle market. TVM features a carefully edited selection of up to 100 emerging designer, vintage clothing and accessories, unique homewares and art stalls, plus live local music and gourmet food.... more Touted as one of Queensland's best fashion markets by national publications such as InStyle Magazine, CLEO and Shop til you Drop, TVM has also been highlighted as a must-do event by Channel Seven's The Great South East and The Sun Herald newspaper.... less Contact operator for further details for child suitability. Disabled parking and access provided at the School car park How To Get There Travel along the Gold Coast Highway. Burleigh Heads State School is located in between Acanthus Avenue and Lower Gold Coast Highway, Burleigh Heads. * Please note: These rates are indicative based on the minimum and maximum available costs of listed products and services. To obtain a firm price from the provider, please use the contact the operator. All prices are quoted in Australian dollars.
SGR Audio SX Series Sealed box active subwoofers. The perfect match for the Convex speaker series in music or home theatre applications. There's no need to worry about crossover and phase settings, it's all been taken care of in the Convex series. Just plug in the cable and set the volume! Sealed box active 10" subwoofer. Ideal for use with the CX3B bookshelf speakers.
LAS VEGAS — Metra Home Theater Group will debut several lines of pro A/V accessories aimed at the professional installer at International CES this week Las Vegas — StickNFind will be in the iLounge Pavilion at International CES next week demonstrating its BluTracker, a Bluetooth 4.0 GPS locator with a half- Las Vegas — Hi-Fun USA will be at International CES next week to debut lines of Bluetooth accessories, portable speakers, iPhone and iPad add-ons, headphones Las Vegas — Ten One Design is demonstrating its Pogo Connect pressure-sensitive Bluetooth 4.0 stylus at its International CES booth next week and is hosting a Mahwah, N.J. — Denon added six models to its budding headphones brand this week. The new additions, all currently shipping, are designed as lower New York — 50 Cent’s SMS Audio headphones company announced Timothy “Timbaland” Mosley has joined as an investment partner and a member of Avenel, N.J. -- Mizco International today announced that its Digipower division has entered into an exclusive agreement with Fromm Works to distribute the Quik Pod Las Vegas — Monster announced that Alicia Keys would headline its annual awards show at International CES in January. The 2013 Retailer of the Year Nashville, Tenn. - Griffin Technology has opened five "micro stores" in the U.S. since November, after testing the concept in London during the Summer Newton, Mass. — Accessories supplier Verso has inked a licensing deal with Dylan’s Candy Bar to create a new line of candy-themed consumer electronic San Antonio — The Progressive Retailers Organization was at the Westin La Cantera Hill Coun SCOTTSDALE, ARIZ. – Ingram Micro Consumer Electronics (IMCE), a division o The Home Technology Specialists of America Spring Meeting was held April 3-5 at the Hyatt Regency If you are having trouble accessing TWICE content or wish to subscribe to TWICE Online please email email@example.com or call 866-71-PRESS (866-717-7377).
Cortland Community Orchestra Directed by Ubaldo Valli Rehearsals are on Monday nights from 7pm until 9pm during the semester in the Dowd Fine Arts Building. The College Community Orchestra is peopled by students, faculty and community members and is one of Cortland's oldest cultural organizations. Those interested in participating in next season's ensemble should contact Ubaldo Valli at email@example.com or the Department of Performing Arts at (607) 753-2811. Ubaldo Valli is Music Director of the Auburn Chamber Orchestra in Auburn, NY; the Hyde Hall Chamber Players, Cooperstown, NY; and the Saratogo Springs Youth Orchestra. He has also served as conductor of the Hamilton College Orchestra and the Empire State Repertory Orchestra. He guest conducted the St. Cecilia Chamber Orchestra, Albany, NY repeatedly and several of his performances were broadcast over WMHT-FM. A highlight of his conducting experiences was conducting an orchestra for an interfaith service held with His Holiness, the Dali Lama of Tibet. He studied conducting with Pamela Gearhart and Karel Husa and has participated in national conducting workshops sponsored by the American Symphony Orchestra League.
75 Chevy Truck Exhaust With Turbo Tubes Chambered Exhaust http://www.myspace.com/mrtsautomotive 1975 chevy truck with a 350 motor,iron manifold and 24" turbo tubes to 2 1/4" pipe. Seniors other truck he drove from cali, to oklahoma pulling my 1962 chevy truck Chevy truck destroys compact car 1975 Chevy Truck drives over a 1985 ford escort at the end of the video. Chevy Truck VS Ford Escort run 2. Cammed 74 Chevy truck and monte carlo My new video I made Enjoy!!!Update!!!!This truck is now sporting a 355sbc in the upper 375hp range as of July 13/2007 more videos to come as soon as I slap her in ;) Chevy Silverado w/ STS Turbo and Diablo Tune (in truck) A few hours after we did the install, we my took my buddies newly turbo'd Silverado for a test drive. This was the results. Don't mind the comment about the BOV, there was a little confusion on the vid before this because we ran too much Boost and a coupling came loose. Silverado runs down the street straight piped I always like the way my old truck sounded straight piped ('99 1500 w/5.3) so I decided to give it a try with this truck. (2001 2500HD w/8.1) Exhaust is cut off behind the converters then has a 3" X pipe before going into 2.5" tailpipes with 3.5x18" stainless echo tips. No muffler. Love that big block rumble!
- Year Published: 1851 - Language: English - Country of Origin: United States of America - Source: Melville H. (1851). Moby Dick.London, England: Richard Bently. - Flesch–Kincaid Level: 9.8 - Word Count: 1,381 Melville, H. (1851). Chapter 19: The Prophet. Moby Dick (Lit2Go Edition). Retrieved June 20, 2013, from Melville, Herman. "Chapter 19: The Prophet." Moby Dick. Lit2Go Edition. 1851. Web. <>. June 20, 2013. Herman Melville, "Chapter 19: The Prophet," Moby Dick, Lit2Go Edition, (1851), accessed June 20, 2013,. “Shipmates, have ye shipped in that ship?” Queequeg and I had just left the Pequod, and were sauntering from the water, for the moment each occupied with his own thoughts, when the above words were put to us by a stranger, who, pausing before us, levelled his massive forefinger at the vessel in question. He was but shabbily apparelled in faded jacket and patched trowsers; a rag of a black handkerchief investing his neck. A confluent smallpox had in all directions flowed over his face, and left it like the complicated ribbed bed of a torrent, when the rushing waters have been dried up. “Have ye shipped in her?” he repeated. “You mean the ship Pequod, I suppose,” said I, trying to gain a little more time for an uninterrupted look at him. “Aye, the Pequod- that ship there,” he said, drawing back his whole arm and then rapidly shoving it straight out from him-, with the fixed bayonet of his pointed finger darted full at the object. “Yes,” said I, “we have just signed the articles.” “Anything down there about your souls?” “Oh, perhaps you hav’n’t got any,” he said quickly. “No matter though, I know many chaps that hav’n’t got any,- good luck to ‘em; and they are all the better off for it. A soul’s a sort of a fifth wheel to a wagon.” “What are you jabbering about, shipmate?” said I. “He’s got enough, though, to make up for all deficiencies of that sort in other chaps,” abruptly said the stranger, placing a nervous emphasis upon the word he. “Queequeg,” said I, “let’s go; this fellow has broken loose from somewhere; he’s talking about something and somebody we don’t know.” “Stop!” cried the stranger. “Ye said true- ye hav’n’t seen Old Thunder yet, have ye?” “Who’s Old Thunder?” said I, again riveted with the insane earnestness of his manner. “What! the captain of our ship, the Pequod?” “Aye, among some of us old sailor chaps, he goes by that name. Ye hav’n’t seen him yet, have ye?” “No, we hav’n’t. He’s sick they say, but is getting better, and will be all right again before long.” “All right again before long!” laughed the stranger, with a solemnly derisive sort of laugh. “Look ye; when Captain Ahab is all right, then this left arm of mine will be all right; not before.” “What do you know about him?” “What did they tell you about him? Say that!” “They didn’t tell much of anything about him; only I’ve heard that he’s a good whale-hunter, and a good captain to his crew.” “That’s true, that’s true- yes, both true enough. But you must jump when he gives an order. Step and growl; growl and go- that’s the word with Captain Ahab. But nothing about that thing that happened to him off Cape Horn, long ago, when he lay like dead for three days and nights; nothing about that deadly skrimmage with the Spaniard afore the altar in Santa?- heard nothing about that, eh? Nothing about the silver calabash he spat into? And nothing about his losing his leg last voyage, according to the prophecy. Didn’t ye hear a word about them matters and something more, eh? No, I don’t think ye did; how could ye? Who knows it? Not all Nantucket, I guess. But hows’ever, mayhap, ye’ve heard tell about the leg, and how he lost it; aye, ye have heard of that, I dare say. Oh, yes, that every one knows a’most- I mean they know he’s only one leg; and that a parmacetti took the other off.” “My friend,” said I, “what all this gibberish of yours is about, I don’t know, and I don’t much care; for it seems to me that you must be a little damaged in the head. But if you are speaking of Captain Ahab, of that ship there, the Pequod, then let me tell you, that I know all about the loss of his leg.” “All about it, eh- sure you do? all? With finger pointed and eye levelled at the Pequod, the beggar-like stranger stood a moment, as if in a troubled reverie; then starting a little, turned and said:- “Ye’ve shipped, have ye? Names down on the papers? Well, well, what’s signed, is signed; and what’s to be, will be; and then again, perhaps it won’t be, after all. Any how, it’s all fixed and arranged already; and some sailors or other must go with him, I suppose; as well these as any other men, God pity ‘em! Morning to ye, shipmates, morning; the ineffable heavens bless ye; I’m sorry I stopped ye.” “Look here, friend,” said I, “if you have anything important to tell us, out with it; but if you are only trying to bamboozle us, you are mistaken in your game; that’s all I have to say.” “And it’s said very well, and I like to hear a chap talk up that way; you are just the man for him- the likes of ye. Morning to ye, shipmates, morning! Oh! when ye get there, tell ‘em I’ve concluded not to make one of ‘em.” “Ah, my dear fellow, you can’t fool us that way- you can’t fool us. It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great secret in him.” “Morning to ye, shipmates, morning.” “Morning it is,” said I. “Come along, Queequeg, let’s leave this crazy man. But stop, tell me your name, will you?” Elijah! thought I, and we walked away, both commenting, after each other’s fashion, upon this ragged old sailor; and agreed that he was nothing but a humbug, trying to be a bugbear. But we had not gone perhaps above a hundred yards, when chancing to turn a corner, and looking back as I did so, who should be seen but Elijah following us, though at a distance. Somehow, the sight of him struck me so, that I said nothing to Queequeg of his being behind, but passed on with my comrade, anxious to see whether the stranger would turn the same corner that we did. He did; and then it seemed to me that he was dogging us, but with what intent I could not for the life of me imagine. This circumstance, coupled with his ambiguous, half-hinting, half-revealing, shrouded sort of talk, now begat in me all kinds of vague wonderments and half-apprehensions, and all connected with the Pequod; and Captain Ahab; and the leg he had lost; and the Cape Horn fit; and the silver calabash; and what Captain Peleg had said of him, when I left the ship the day previous; and the prediction of the squaw Tistig; and the voyage we had bound ourselves to sail; and a hundred other shadowy things. I was resolved to satisfy myself whether this ragged Elijah was really dogging us or not, and with that intent crossed the way with Queequeg, and on that side of it retraced our steps. But Elijah passed on, without seeming to notice us. This relieved me; and once more, and finally as it seemed to me, I pronounced him in my heart, a humbug.
Win a Pair of Tim McGraw Headphones You many never sing like Tim McGraw, but at least you’ll be able to hear like him after you win a pair of his signature JBL headphones. Enter below for your chance to snag the Tim McGraw Artist Series headphones, just released last spring. The cans come in white or black, and promise a comfortable cushion on your ears as you enjoy your favorite songs — like Tim’s new single ‘Truck Yeah’ — on your iPod. McGraw personally approved the sound quality, which includes a wide range of frequencies. For travel, the headphones fold flat. Enter below to win the headphones, and then enter again just by becoming a Taste of Country VIP. Anyone can sign up, you just need to accumulate points by playing games, taking country music trivia quizzes or simply listening to the radio online. Then, cash in those points for cool prizes. The Taste of Country Country Club is a great place to win cash, a Kindle Fire or country memorabilia — like these cool Tim McGraw headphones. Be sure to read the official Taste of Country contest rules before entering. Only one entry per person. Contest ends August 10, 2012.
Talented Staff, Great Atmosphere. I've been going to Berkshire for 6-7 years now. While I usually go for haircuts, I've also been in for massages, and yes, even an occasional wax. I had searched for a good stylist for months before I ended up at Berkshire, and now, I wouldn't trust the job to anyone else. I go in every three weeks, and Lexi consistently does a great job. The rest of the staff is great too--professional, friendly, and helpful. And the facility is clean and comfortable. Great Experience. I have been a regular for a little over a year now and used both the salon and spa area. Everyone is so sweet and I have always been pleased with my services. I always enjoy getting away to enjoy a day at Berkshire! Love all my experiences.. I've been a regular at Berkshire for almost a year. I have never had a bad experience. I have also never had to give a credit card number to book an appointment - although I am aware of a 24 hour cancellation policy they have, it seems they are pretty flexible if you don't cancel on them regularly. I have actually had to cancel due to an emergency. They reminded me of the policy but said they understood.... Anyway, I just wanted to give my two cents. Berkshire has always been great to me and sadly I think people remember to write reviews when they're unhappy but often forget to vocalize the good times! LOVE THIS ESTABLISHMENT! Not as nice at you think. Used to go to this salon until they implemented the policy they must have a credit card in order to schedule an appointment. When I asked for a call back from the manager regarding this new policy, I never received one. I had a friend call to make an appointment (new client) and they requested her credit card information as well. We both were certainly not happy with this. Emergencies happen. I'm not pay because I had to cancel an appointment due to a real emergency or have to argue about it with the manager. Most of the reviews have been faked by employees. I had a friend who used to go to the salon until recently who overheard a conversation about reviews, the internet, and drumming up business. She also heard the some of the staff bad mouthing clients in the back room. The door was not shut all the way and she could ever word that was being said. The salon is nice but the lack of professionalism is not. Some of the stylists are bit over zealous to share their strict religious beliefs despite who is listening. One stylist went on and on about her education at Rhema Bible College. While I am Jewish and have my own set of beliefs, I certainly do not go to a salon to listen to a sermon. Some discussions should be kept off limits in a place of business. I will never go back nor will I recommend any of my friends to this salon. Bikini Wax. I went today for my first ever Brazilian wax. I had a great waxing tech even though I can't remember her name for the life of me :( I was welcomed in and offered a glass of wine. I had never been waxed down there before but my girl made my experience very comfortable and it really wasn't too painful. Overall I give this place a Solid A+ Awful!. You can tell some of these reviews are fake. Awesome Spa and Salon. I went to Berkshire for the first time last weekend and had to share my thoughts! The girls at the desk greeted me with a smile the moment I walked in the door, AND offered me a drink. My massage therapist was very sweet and took me back right on time. I got an AMAZING massage! I then steamed in their Eucalyptus steam room, and took a shower right after. When I got to the desk to pay, they offered a stylist who could blow out my hair so I would look descent to pick my kids up from school. The stylist was so nice and did a great job. Berkshire gets an A+++! I'm hooked :) BEST Salon/Spa in the Tulsa area!. The berkshire staff made me feel completely pampered and welcomed! They made sure my day was special from beginning to end. The have a great team of stylists, as well as awesome spa service providers. I've been to many spa/salons in Tulsa and this is the best I've been to! I won't go anywhere else! great place for a whole day of pampering. I received a gift certificate from my son for christmas for a day of beauty!!!! I was a little nervous cause I'd never been to this place before and I've never had a massage before either! But, let me tell you this was the best day ever! As soon as i walked in the door, i felt so welcomed and important. I was offered a drink (yes, even wine) and to start I sat in the steam room (complimentary) then i had a facial, an aromatherapy wrap, a massage, then i ate a fabulous lunch. I continued (yes there's more) for a pedicure and a manicure! I was also offered a shampoo style so i would leave looking fabulous! Thank you Berkshire for giving me a really fabulous relaxing day! I will be back for sure! Great salon and spa. I have been going to Berkshire for a year or two now and love Wendy!! I have been to many places for waxings and she is the best. The staff is also awesome and does a great job of doing what you ask as far as hair color and cut goes. I highly recommed this place!! Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Facebook to see what your friends are up to! Do you have a review of Berkshire Salon & Day Spa on your blog? If you include the Citysearch image link (shown below) in your post, we'll automatically link to your review from the business profile page. Here's how our Linkback system works: The Linkback system is free and automatic. It's really that easy. To link to our business profile page, copy the html below to your web page.
Natural Resources, Finance, and Development: Confronting Old and New ChallengesDominique Strauss-Kahn Managing Director, International Monetary Fund Opening Remarks at the IMF Institute and Central Bank of Algeria High Level Seminar Algiers, Algeria - November 4, 2010 As prepared for delivery It is my great pleasure to welcome you to this seminar, which the IMF is proud to co-host with the Central Bank of Algeria. I wish to thank Governor Laksaci for his kind introduction, and for his support—and that of his staff—in making this event possible. I am also honored to be sharing the stage with Prime Minister Ouyahia, and I look forward to hearing his thoughts on the challenges facing resource-rich countries. We meet against the backdrop of a recovering, yet still fragile, global economy. The recovery remains subdued in the United States and sluggish in Europe. It is much stronger in other parts of the world—including in Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East. And even in Africa, many countries have returned to growth much faster than in previous recessions. This is a testament to sound policies implemented in many African countries in the years before the crisis hit. What polices are needed to secure the global recovery? The answer varies by country. In those where the recovery remains weak, macroeconomic policies need to remain as supportive as possible. In others, a stronger recovery means that policy support may no longer be needed. But all countries must work together to find policies that secure the global recovery, and foster strong, stable and balanced global growth for the medium term. Creating jobs is a major policy challenge across the world. It is true in the economies at the heart of the crisis—where unemployment has hit historic highs—and in economies where unemployment has been a problem for many years already. Joblessness is not only a major economic problem, it’s a major social problem—with tremendous human costs for those out of work, and for their families. This high-level seminar presents a good opportunity to focus on the specific challenges facing resource-rich countries today. We have a wide mix of countries represented at this seminar, which should provide a good basis for sharing experiences and drawing lessons on how your economies can deal with future challenges. I just want to touch on a few of the issues that you may be discussing during the seminar. The global economy is going through dramatic changes, with major implications for the demand for natural resources. Over the coming years, emerging economies will increasingly drive global growth. Many countries will take steps to adapt to climate change. And there will be further technological advances in extractive industries. Such changes will clearly impact the demand for natural resources. A perennial challenge for commodity exporters has been how to manage the impact of volatile commodity prices on macroeconomic and financial stability. Even though commodity prices have stabilized somewhat since the Great Recession, volatility is sure to return—and is already back in agricultural commodity markets. This underscores the importance of having the right macroeconomic policies to manage this volatility. Financial tools, including hedging strategies, clearly matter too. Another challenge is how to increase competitiveness. You are all familiar with “Dutch disease”—the phenomenon of large commodity exports leading to an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which in turn slows productivity growth in other sectors of the economy. This weakens competitiveness, and holds back economic diversification—leaving the economy overly dependent on the natural resource sector. But perhaps the most fundamental challenge is how to ensure that natural resource wealth is used wisely and shared fairly across society. Your countries have been blessed with tremendous natural riches. And yet in many of them, unemployment is high—especially among the young—and millions remain in poverty. It seems only right that your countries’ natural riches should be used to tackle constraints on growth and development, to create the decent jobs needed to raise living standards. Much greater investment in physical, human, and institutional capital is clearly needed to boost productivity and raise competitiveness. This should be supported by structural reforms that tackle constraints on entrepreneurship and that improve the business climate. But spending should be at a measured pace. This will safeguard macroeconomic stability, which includes maintaining the real exchange rate at a fair level. It will also allow future generations to benefit from the revenues earned from exhaustible natural resources today. Strong institutions will play a critical role in ensuring that well-designed policies are indeed effective. Strong fiscal institutions help prevent excess spending in times of plenty—thus leaving enough resources for times of want. And strong financial institutions help manage the impact of spikes in capital inflows on the broader economy. Sound management of foreign exchange reserves is a critical complement in this regard. Unfortunately, strong institutions have been missing in many resource-rich economies. As a result, economic performance in many countries with abundant natural resources has been quite poor. And even worse—the blessing of resource riches has too often turned into the curse of conflict. A strong commitment to good governance lies at the heart of responsible management of natural resource wealth. Good governance helps ensure that commodity revenues can benefit all in society. This is why institutions with a high level of accountability are so important. The experiences of countries like Botswana, Chile, and Indonesia show the important role that strong, independent, and accountable institutions can play in resource-rich countries. I also firmly believe that a vigorous civil society is critical for achieving—and maintaining—a high standard of accountability. Transparency is an important first step in ensuring accountability—and an issue which the IMF is helping to promote. To support our members’ efforts in this area, we developed the Guide on Resource Revenue Transparency and the Code of Good Practices on Fiscal Transparency. We also provide technical assistance and training to our members, drawing on our deep experience of working on these issues all over the world. For example, later this month we are hosting a course in South Africa on macro-financial issues faced by resource rich countries. In closing, let me affirm the IMF’s commitment to working with you, our members, to tackle the policy challenges of this new global economy. It is my hope that through events like these—and through our close bilateral relations with our members—we can help support a strong and stable global recovery, to the benefit of all nations of the world. Thank you for your attention.
I won't say outright that I don't understand sports sponsorship. I suppose in some instances there are links between products and the sport that make sense. So slathering your company's name all over a stadium has some efficacy. Budweiser and baseball makes sense for me. I suppose Canon cameras and the Yankees add up. But Citibank and the Mets? Naw, that I can't fathom. I'm not thinking about my checking account while I'm at the ball park. And I can't for the life of me imagine saying, "I think I'll put $25K in such-and-such a bank because they sponsor a Venezuelan shortstop who can go to his left." I just went onto the United States Tennis Association's website, I'm not sure why and listened in to about 30 seconds of US Open Tennis radio. The first commercial I heard was for Citizen's watches: "the official timekeeper of the US Open." Now I know I'm stupid. I always thought that one of the joys of tennis is that's it's played without a clock. In tennis (Am I getting this right?) you win when you score a requisite number of points. Time has nothing to do with it, ergo, why an official timekeeper? Tennis having an official timekeeper is like football having an official tablecloth.
NEW YORK — Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp. reported that its fiscal ’93 profit soared 57%, bolstered by strong showings from its TV, newspaper and magazine units, which more than offset the lackluster performance of its Hollywood studio , 20th Century Fox Film Corp. The Australia-based media and entertainment behemoth posted net earnings of $ 605.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, up from $ 384.5 million last year. Revenue slid 4% to $ 7.48 billion.Matsushita net slides 23% in 1st NEW YORK Slow demand and a soaring yen hampered first-quarter operating results at MCA/Universal parent Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. For the three months ended June 30, sales and income before taxes each decreased 7%, while net income plunged 23% to $ 63 million from $ 81 million last year. BMG spins 20% sales gain HOLLYWOOD Bertelsmann Music Group reported a 20% increase in sales for its fiscal year ending June 30, claiming revenue of $ 3 billion. The music and entertainment division of German media giant Bertelsmann AG said that sales outside the U.S. of $ 2 billion were attributable to the worldwide success of its Arista Records label, the development of joint venture partnerships and the rise of BMG Direct, the company’s domestic U.S. club business. Trimark soars NEW YORK Independent producer/distributor Trimark Holdings announced significantly improved operating results for its fourth quarter and fiscal year ended June 30. For the quarter, net earnings were $ 1.4 million, compared with $ 166,000 a year earlier; net revenue soared 70% to $ 19.8 million. For the year, net revenue was $ 60.6 million, compared with $ 54.4 million; net earnings climbed 50% to $ 3.3 million. Want Entertainment News First? Sign up for Variety Alerts and Newsletters! - Entertainment One, Los Angeles, California - Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California - The Los Angeles Film School, Los Angeles CA - Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Inc., New York, New York - MPCA, Los Angeles, California
Flores and Sisler were honored and named on the Pac-12 All-Conference's teams. Athletic trainer Stephanie Gross spends her days ensuring the physical well-being of the Arizona gymnastics team. Read more about the team's wonderful and dedicated athletic trainer. Arizona gymnastics is headed to Columbus, Ohio for a chance to move onto the NCAA National Championships. Arizona placed first in the Pac-12 Championships session one and fifth overall. Junior Jessie Sisler earned the title of Pac-12 Floor Champion. No. 5 seed Arizona to compete at Pac-12 Championships in Salt Lake City. Cindric Named Pac-12 Freshman of the Week No. 17 Arizona and No. 18 Denver tie at 196.850. Arizona gymnastics' regular season will conclude on senior night when the No. 17 Wildcats host the No. 18 Denver Pioneers. Wildcats post third highest score in program history. After a well fought meet, Arizona walked away with a first place finish. Arizona gymnastics to face three teams in two road meets this upcoming weekend. Arizona outscores California after a well fought competition.
Verify the internet address you typed : tanzim88.forumakers.com, and try again if there is a mistake. It is possible that the administrator has chosen to delete it. Ascalon : bulletin board of the Ascalonese Nation. Ascalon Come and show your skills at this hip hop community! Free forum : Cliquey, pretentious, intellectual bullies with bad hair cuts. Our Success Formula Tip Sure win. Free forum : Thai lottery forum We Don't Back Down! ! ! Aftermath Guild on Magic-WoW magic-wow, aftermath, guild, alliance, world, warcraft, private, server, warrior, mage, hunter, druid, paladin, rogue, priest, warlock, death, knight, shaman, monk, cataclysm, wrath, lich, king, wotlk, raiding, guides EragonHQ's official fan forum! Eragon Headquarters Forum A forum for classic Japanese motorcycles from the 70's and 80's. Free forum : A message board for warhammer fantasy battle in Saskatoon Free forum : A forum of the defenestrated. We are a select group who hides and spams in peace. Free forum : The forum where you could talk about all the tips, tricks for every specie you can think of. Chat with anglers from around the world who share your love for the sport of fishing. Free forum : Seduction Lair for PUA's who live in the Bronx or in the New York City area. Feel free to post any Lay Reports or any advice.
awesome physics game ever! You will have hours of thrilling fun… Enormous amount of levels. this awesome game includes amazing graphics and sound effects. There's never been a better way to get rid of threatening cannibals :)! With the use of puzzle resolving skills and physics you will need to release the iron ball to bump the caninbals into the floor. This fun and addictive app comes with amazing graphics and feeling that will have you hooked from the start! Just release the iron-ball by swiping over the rope/chains. Sounds like an effortless task… right? Think twice! There is plenty of gravity and motion involved; getting rid of your enemies will not be an easy mission. The jungle population have their hopes on you to get rid of the prisoners... Are you up to the challenge?
Minecraft creator Markus "Notch" Persson created a sir when he expressed an interest in funding a sequel to Double Fine's cult hit Psychonauts. It seems that rumors have gotten out of hand, according to the developer, culminating in the report he allegedly stated he could of Psychonauts 2. Persson has made a new "Being a big fan of the first one, and thinking a sequel could probably be profitable, I semi-jokingly tweeted Tim about me funding a sequel. And then the internet exploded. (Or at least my inbox did) And then Double Fine did their highly successful kickstarter."on his Tumblr post clarifying just what his position is. He wrote, The developer then stated flatly that he and Schafer hadn't had any real contact aside from a few emails, and that he hoped to meet his counterpart at GDC. He also tellingly stated that the budget for Psychonausts turned out to be three times higher than he'd assumed - and that he wasn't the only investor interested in backing a future game. In other words, Persson is slowly backing out of the expectations that he will pay $13M to fund Psychonauts 2, though he also insists that he thinks "the game would be profitable." Notch also made it clear that he would not be involved with the creative process in any way, so any rumors of a creative collaboration aren't valid. Finally, Persson pleaded, "Point is, stop hyping over this, internet! You’re going to scare me into doing things secretly instead of being open and transparent via twitter. I am incredibly scared of the very real risk of people feeling let down just because I took a chance at something that doesn’t end up panning out. "Also, I realize you won’t stop hyping, so I’ll just go into hiding for a few years if it falls through." "Also, I realize you won’t stop hyping, so I’ll just go into hiding for a few years if it falls through." Notch refutes reports he offered to fund Psychonauts 2 16 February 2012 | By JonahFalcon
Panasonic ES8168S Vortex-Nano Hydraclean shaver. Item #: PA-ES8168S UPC #: 037988566112 Weight: 3.9 lbs This item is SOLD OUT and no longer available to purchase online. We do not expect any further shipments of these items and are keeping them on our website for informational purposes only. Panasonic ES8168S Vortex-Nano Hydraclean electric shaver. Elite shaving system - revolutionary arced foils and blades for the closest shave yet. With the HydraClean system, you can choose to clean, charge & clean, or dry only. Water infused hygienic solution cleans blades. Features a deluxe pivot action linear wet/dry shaver with the sharpest nano blades for closeness and linear motor for fast shaving. Induction charging system, 1 hour quick charge with 5 minute emergency charge, automatic international voltage conversion, 10 stage LCD batter monitor, and this shaver is rechargeable and cordless. Includes charge stand. Parts & Accessories Recommended For Panasonic ES8168S Vortex-Nano Hydraclean shaver. To add items to your shopping basket select the appropriate checkboxes & click the 'Add To Basket' button.
The product that you are looking for is no longer available, it is either discontinued by the manufacturer or it is no longer offered by us. Please contact us at 1-800-996-8221 or via Contact Us Page to inquire about this product. Drawer Construction: French Dovetail Fronts, Lap Joint Backs, Dust Bottom on Lowest Level Drawer Guides: Center Mounted, Wood on Wood, Drawer Guides Wood Seat, Seat to Floor: 23" Specification This item includes: LC-9380-945 Newbridge slat back Pub Chair 19W x 22D x 41H Please refer to the Specifications to determine what items are included since sometimes the image shows more or less items. If you are not sure, please contact us and our customer service will be glad to help. This product is part of Newbridge collection by Legacy Classic Legacy Classic Furniture offers smart design and quality construction that makes the furniture very dependable, as well as offered at a great value. Features can vary by collection, so please see item details for specifics; Homelement is a leading supplier of Legacy Classic Furniture bedroom sets, dining room sets, casual dining sets, and childrens furniture. Legacy is known for their beautiful finishes, skilled craftsmanship, impressive quality, and inspiring designs. Both Legacy's and Homelement's mission is creating comfortable, attractive, functional rooms.
Welcome to the MSP2 social network and community! So glad you've joined us.Have you had a chance to explore the site, yet? You'll find lesson ideas, digital resources for classroom use, and connections to current news items. Look…" Welcome to the MSP2 social network and community! So glad you've joined us. Have you had a chance to explore the site, yet? You'll find lesson ideas, digital resources for classroom use, and connections to current news items. Look at the left side of the Main page and you'll find the MSP2 Resources box with Math and Science Resource Guides where we have sifted and sorted and contextualized resources on topics important to middle school math and science teachers. We hope that members of the network (like you) will help us add content to these pages. On the right side of the Main page we have our two project blogs - Resources for Math and Science and Connecting News. We also have a great Free technology for Teachers blog. Please check out our guide to Making the Most of MSP2. We have several webinars every month on a variety of topics - curricular topics, teaching strategies and technology tools for use in the classroom to name just a few. You can get to the archived recordings of those by clicking on the Webinar Archive link. You can also see all our upcoming events by clicking on the Events tab. We also have a book club that meets periodically, check out the Book Club Group for more information on that. We have a great a new tool called PedConnect that shows up on the main page (middle column) and on your "My Page." PedConnect will personalize your experience with MSP2 by identifying resources and discussions that reflect the topics you select. It also shows your activity on MSP2 (number of blog posts, discussion posts, and comments). We would really appreciate any feedback you have as you use the tool. We also have a site for youth - a series of virtual learning experiences for students. Check out the SMARTR site for students from the MSP2 home page or by going to http://smartr.edc.org. Please send any ideas or feedback you have our way, your thoughts would be greatly appreciated!
Rockbox mail archive Subject: Re: remote control From: Andrew Jamieson (ajamiesn_at_optusnet.com.au) The design for this would be trivial once the bidirectional comms are figured out. I will bash out a schematic for this only, if you want. However, I think the remote should be an integrated device to get the size down. The code would be quite easy to cut down from a full remote to just a 'black box' I think. As to the production, I can make the 'black box' schematic use standard through hole parts that should be available at your local electronics shop (where-as the remote will probably be composed of harder to find SMD parts). This should be easily prototypable on vero board or such like. If there is enough interest in a 'black box' only, a single layer PCB that is relatively easy to home produce would could be designed simply enough. This topic seems to be streching on a bit. There only seem to be a few ppl (such as myself) keeping it alive. Maybe we need to organise an IRC time for this discussion? Or maybe there is a silent majority who are interested in this, and don't want to see it moved to a closed forum? I will away for a week or so in a few days, so my contributions will be placed on hold for ----- Original Message ----- From: "Stuart Tedford" <stuart.tedford_at_piresearch.co.uk> Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2002 6:30 PM Subject: RE: remote control > More comments: > I would like a more modular approach to the remote hardware. I would > like to see a cable implementation of the hardware layer. So it would > a jack plug at each end with a small (hopefully RockBox powered) "black > in it. Then that could be plugged in to any actual remote hardware that > would implement the upper layers of the protocol. > Then I could make a simple adaptor to break out the audio lines, and data > lines could go to my PC or Palmtop etc. > Then someone else could make a full blown inline LCD remote to their own > And someone else could make a simple non-display remote. > And someone else could make an adaptor to emulate a CD changer for their > All using exactly the same font end hardware. > I don't have access to PCB production facilities, and its been a long time > since I did any SMD soldering, so I think this solution would suit a wider > audience like me - people who want to connect RockBox to some other > device they already have. That would mean that this cable hardware device > could be produced in a much bigger batch. Page was last modified "Jan 10 2012" The Rockbox Crew
Happy Birthday Barry Bonds!!! Barry Bonds turns 49 years old today. Where, oh where has Barry Bonds been? I can honestly say that I am not very pleased with how Bonds left the game. I kind of feel unfulfilled with his exit from the sport. We are all entitled to our opinions, and I know that we all have them when it comes to Bonds. But, of all of the guys that have exited the game during the course of the last few years and are headed to Cooperstown, we saw sharp declines in their output – except for Barry’s. We saw it from Frank Thomas and Ken Griffey Jr. and John Smoltz and Randy Johnson and even my beloved Greg Maddux. But Bonds is the guy that I feel like he could have given us more to watch. 3,000 hits was very close. As was 800 home runs. I would have liked to have seen him reach both milestones prior to his retirement from the game. Happy Birthday Mr. Bonds – you are missed by this fan!!!
Fujikawa sinking in Japan While Dean Wilson and Parker McLachlin had reasonable rounds at yesterday's Crowne Plaza Invitational, such was not the case for Tadd Fujikawa a half a world away. The Moanalua High junior shot a closing-round 80 today to finish at 5-over 293 at the Munsingwear Open KSB Cup on the Japan Golf Tour. He was among the earlier finishers and will likely finish near the bottom in the 67-man field. Wilson was among the first golfers to tee it up at the Crowne Plaza Invitational yesterday and made the most of it with a 4-under 66 to move up 24 spots to a tie for 28th at 3-under 207. He trails front-runner Phil Mickelson by nine shots entering today's final round. McLachlin is even farther off the pace after shooting an even-par 70 for the third consecutive day. He is tied for 53rd at even-par 210.
Today, I continue my introduction to the new analysts (from April 1st) in our group providing research and advisory for B2B Marketing professionals, including sales enablement. In addition to Laura Ramos, whom I introduced last week, we are also being joined by experienced Forrester analysts Kim Celestre and Lori Wizdo. So, as an introduction to Kim’s work, let me point you to a recent report: Executive Q&A: How Online Communities Help You Achieve A Social Depth Objective, which is currently on the Marketing Leadership pages on this website. This report discusses the benefits of creating and maintaining online communities, a marketing tactic still undervalued by marketing leaders. As Kim points out, you can better influence how your customers explore your offerings and help move them to a purchase decision by tapping into the content and interactions generated by online communities. She explains about social reach and depth and cites the EMC Community Network online community as a powerful B2B marketing best practice. Through 2015, Kim will also be researching and publishing on the topic of social selling. In last week’s post, I mentioned the upcoming transition of the Sales Enablement role to a much more strategic B2B Marketing role. In April, overnight, you will have immediate access to over a hundred reports about B2B marketing written by experienced Forrester analysts Laura Ramos, Lori Wizdo, and Kim Celestre. This is in addition to the reports you know already from our existing sales enablement research. That body of research will continue as planned within the new role; there is no let-off in our momentum on sales enablement coverage. But this research will now be read by a much broader audience across B2B marketing. That is important for sales enablement automation vendors and service providers, because most of them actually sell their wares to the marketing department. So the reports we write about them will reach a larger audience. Plus, as I discussed at the Sales Enablement Forum, you Sales Enablement Professionals are wearing at least six hats of responsibility, for what we call the six business goals of sales enablement, and you must continually educate and influence colleagues to get things done. Most of these colleagues are also in marketing, so we are helping your cause directly. As an introduction to the new analysts in our group over the next few weeks, I will refer you to an interesting report that they have published and discuss how relevant it is to our sales enablement ambitions. Wow! It may have taken place eight days ago, but I am still exhausted — and also exhilarated. In all modesty, we held a greatSales Enablement Forum in Scottsdale, Arizona last week. Nearly 350 attendees enjoyed presentations from 34 different speakers, including many industry practitioners, as well the opportunity to meet 21 sponsoring companies. As I promised you a few months ago, the agenda was equally strong around B2B marketing topics. For those of you who did not make it, here is a short recap on the Sales Enablement landing page of what we covered in the two days. Wow! It may have taken place eight days ago, but I am still exhausted — and also exhilarated. In all modesty, we held a greatSales Enablement Forum in Scottsdale, Arizona last week. Nearly 350 attendees enjoyed presentations from 34 different speakers, including many industry practitioners, as well the opportunity to meet 21 sponsoring companies. For those of you who did not make it, here is a short recap of what we covered in the two days. Day One: Challenge Thinking Rowena Track from TE Connectivity kicked off our presentations on the main stage, discussing how to establish an infrastructure to help sales be successful. She focused on how customers were already well on their way to digital self-sufficiency, which means that the buyer’s journey starts well before your sales team is aware of them. Forrester analyst Andy Hoar took the stage next and presented a wealth of data that revealed customers’ growing preference for engaging via self-serve eCommerce portals; this data led to him to predict that this will displace 1 million B2B salespeople over the next five years. Andy’s prediction and analysis resonated with attendees throughout the Forum. Joanne Moretti from Jabil joined us next to talk about the evolution of sales enablement over the years, including her own experience creating HP’s Sales University, integrating Dell’s various software businesses, and in her current role at Jabil. Peter O’Neill here. We held our annual research planning meeting the other week and ended discussing yet again the eternal question of B2B marketing versus B2C. This is also a common discussion point with clients in my experience. Many of the documented marketing stories and best practices seem unsuitable for B2B marketers, they claim. B2C marketers respond that even business buyers are people and so the lessons they have learned apply equally to B2B. Now, as is always the case with these interminable arguments, both parties are partly right — and they are partly wrong. My colleagues and I are planning a Forrester report that explores this dilemma in much more detail. Here is a table which I have often used to lead discussions and which I would like to include in the report. As this is “research in progress”, I have annotated the graph accordingly. In fact, I am looking for YOUR feedback on this please. I was talking last week with Neil Ringel, Executive Vice President at Staples Advantage as we continue to prepare for the Sales Enablement Forum in March where Neil is one of the industry keynote speakers. Staples Advantage, a division of Staples, is the world’s largest office products delivery business, serving everyone from the twenty-person office up to and including the Fortune 500 and the B2B sales team works with clients to develop customized programs with specialized pricing, dedicated account management, and a complete assortment of products and services at the lowest total delivered cost while ordering and fulfillment is a mixture of these direct meetings and eBusiness transactions. Although they are called sales, they are actually more responsible for delivering the company’s brand promise: “We make buying office products easy.” Here is our discussion. Peter: Do you think that you will need less, more, and/or different salespeople in 5 years time? We are working on a new report on how to prepare a business case for investment projects around the six goals of sales enablement, including investments in technology — there is a massive opportunity to help salespeople through the use of data analytics and content presentation tools, especially around mobile devices. This report is actually being authored by my colleague Kate Leggett, our research coryphaei on CRM projects who usually serves Application Development & Delivery Professionals. I have asked her to focus this report on the needs of Sales Enablement Professionals: marketers or sales training executives who may see the need for these investments but, because they are the business professionals, do not always have a technology budget to spend. Our buyer data certainly tells us that this is a priority. Investing in sales technology is now the No. 3 priority among businesses. The following survey data was published in another of Kate’s reports. When asked which departments or business groups their firm are focusing on the most when considering their software strategy and investments, the priority sequence was I spent some time last week with Paul Gottsegen, Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Office at Mindtree. Paul is one of our guest keynote speakers at our Sales Enablement Forum in March and Mindtree is one of the fastest growing business services companies in the industry. Services marketing, let alone services selling is a particular challenge; and thought leadership and storytelling play an important role in ensuring success. Like many companies, Mindtree has had to learn to elevate its story to align to the needs of business executives. Paul and I discussed his upcoming presentation and here is our dialogue. Peter: How are you helping your own salespeople to better understand their buyers? Now it is high time that I remind you of our upcoming Sales Enablement Forum on March 2 and 3 in Scottsdale, Arizona,where the overall theme this year is about the different approaches required to optimize your sales channels. Our research shows that more transactional buyers now prefer more automation and self-service (eBusiness); whereas executives who are involved in buying prefer (no, insist on) having conversations and engagement that match their problem-solving needs. So we have designed an agenda that covers direct selling, selling through channel partners, as well as selling through eBusiness interactions. More importantly, we will address the challenge of aligning each of these channels so that your buyers think you are one company regardless of the channel they choose to leverage at any point in time. I had great fun presenting our sales enablement (SE) execution landscape to Forrester clients last week in a regular client webinar. The SE execution landscape is an idea partly based on a report we published in September. That report introduced the concept of “the supply chain for successful sales conversations” and categorized about 45 different vendors and service providers in terms of six SE business goals, as shown below. We see these goals as the bridge between marketing automation and sales operations processes. The vendor list was the state of our knowledge when we submitted the report to our publishing team in July. But since then, we’ve become aware of so many more vendors in the space; either they’ve briefed us or we’ve come across them in client discussions. So as of last week, Forrester is tracking a SE landscape numbering some 112 companies. This area of technology is positively exploding!!!
Yiddish or German term meaning "black person". It is not a hateful term. Shaquille O'Neal is considered a schwartza since he is a black man. Por Michael Schwartz 03 de noviembre de 2004 1 more definition A Yiddish term that American Jews use to call a black person a "nigger" without them knowing. It is extremely derogatory Dad, why did you call Kobe Bryant a dumb schwartza when he hit the winning shot against us? Por Ahomes23 11 de mayo de 2008
|Homepage:||Click to visit| |Restrictions:||USD applicants only| |Dates / Deadlines:| |Term||Year||App Deadline||Decision Date||Start Date||End Date| Indicates that deadline has passed |Accomodations:||Home stay, Shared apartments off-campus||Program Advisor:||Derek Brendel - email@example.com| |Tuition Remission Eligible Program:||Yes||Program Type:||Undergraduate| Universided de los Andes School of Management Fall/Spring Semester Program Bogotá is a city of contrasts, and as such it offers a unique experience to its visitors. Prepare to find a hectic balance between the new and the old; the peaceful and the frantic. Encounter century-old plazas and churches shadowed by towering skyscrapers. Find peaceful treelined bicycle routes cut through by wild-traffic avenues. Bogota is a city with many layers. From internationally recognized universities to regional offices for multinational companies, Bogota is Colombia's capital for official business dealings. It is a city that caters to a population that has been exposed to European and North American influences, which ensures that anything from traditional dishes (Ajiaco) to sushi or fast food restaurants can be found. It's one of the most modern and metropolitan cities of South, Central America and the world. Students enroll directly in the Universidad de los Andes School of Management. Founded in 1948, the Universidad de los Andes, located in Bogotá, the capital of Colombia is a private institution which promotes autonomy, responsibility and openness of mind within its community. Since 1972, the Universidad de los Andes School of Management has developed, through its academic programs and research activities, a consolidated school that promotes constant interaction between students, teachers, staff and the corporate world.The school's objective is to educate socially responsible people that embrace an international perspective and that are capable of creating, understanding and furthering the advancement of organizations. Universidad de los Andes enrolls more than 800 students in both graduate and undergraduate programs and attracts more than 4,000 participants each year through its executive education programs. Since its creation, the Los Andes campus has been located in historic downtown Bogotá, making it easily accessible to visitors. This location not only houses the majority of the historic landmarks, but is also home to a concentration of universities, local and central government buildings, banks, important private sector organizations and a variety of cultural and tourist activities ranging from libraries, museums, theaters, scientific and literary centers to art galleries. The university campus was constructed by remodeling already existing industrial and religious buildings in the area, by building some new state of the art infrastructure; and by creating an environment that is active, supportive, safe and friendly for its student. Business courses offered in English and Spanish. An essay in Spanish explaining the reasons why you want to study at Universidad de los Andes is required in the application process. Click to view courses offered at the the Universidad de los Andes (Note: Not all the courses are available every semester. Final class schedules will be available the first day of class.)View the Universidad de los Andes Brochure for Exchange Students (in English) Universidad de los Andes Study Abroad Office - View Pre-Approved Course List: HERE. - Students are advised to select five primary courses plus five alternates. - All courses must be approved by USD for transfer prior to departure. Students are advised to start the process well in advance of the application deadline since processing can take weeks. - For more information about courses which have been pre-approved to transfer as USD credit please contact Exchange Program Advisor, Derek Brendel at firstname.lastname@example.org Students live off-campus and may request assistance securing accommodations from the Universidad de los Andes during the application process. Options may include home stays, rented rooms, or singe occupancy apartments. Some additional facilities students can find on campus include: Cafeteria and 9 food outlets, offering diverse cuisine options with indoor and outdoor dining areas. Sports fields and gym. Non denominational prayer room. Banking services (ATMS) In addition to the central campus, there is a Practice Center of the Medicine Faculty located about 10 kilometers away. For a detailed description of program costs please see the Program Cost in the box at the top of this webpage. Click on the link which corresponds to the term you plan to study abroad. To view the photo gallery, CLICK HERE
Last week’s football games were brutal for southern peninsula teams. The SoHi Stars shut out the Homer Mariners 59-0, while the Nikiski Bulldogs cinched a 46-6 victory over the Voznesenka Cougars. The Sept. 21 game between the Homer Mariners and the SoHi Stars, played in Soldotna, was a rematch of the 2012 medium-schools state championship game. The strength of the Stars, winner of that 2012 game, wasn’t a surprise to Homer Head Coach Josh Fraley. “It was a lot of what I expected,” Homer Head Coach Josh Fraley said of the game against Soldotna. “They didn’t do anything that they haven’t been doing forever as far as offensively goes. Defensively, they were highly aggressive and well coached. And we knew that.” To make matters worse, Homer was still reeling from injuries the Mariners suffered at the hands of the Palmer Moose the previous weekend. “We really could have used some of those guys in key spots,” Fraley said of the holes left by the injured players. Soldotna scored touchdowns on its first four possessions of the game, but also found itself dealing with injuries. Late in the first quarter, SoHi running back Drew Gibbs suffered a leg injury and, although he managed to walk off the field, he never returned to the game. Senior Tyler Howell, attempting to cover a Homer receiver, also sustained a leg injury and was out for the remainder of the game. “We played a real good second quarter,” said Fraley. “We knew it was going to be tough and it was, but the guys never hung their heads. When they give everything they have, you can’t ask for more than that.” With a halftime score of 30-0, the Homer team attempted to gain momentum in the second half, but Soldotna held strong, putting JV players on the field during the fourth quarter. Finally making it way into the end zone, and with only two minutes left in the game, Mariner Sheldon Hutt threw a pass to Joseph Cardoza for what appeared to be an eight-yard passing touchdown, but an offensive interference penalty called on Cardoza kept Homer off the score board. “That was a bummer,” said Fraley. “I wasn’t very happy, but Joseph played a great game. He’s been playing running back his entire career, but with the injuries we’ve had, he stepped up and played wide receiver for the first time ever and made some great catches.” In Saturday’s homecoming game, the Mariners will take on the Lathrop Malemutes. “They lost to Palmer 42-19 last weekend, so it’s going to be an interesting game,” said Fraley. “It’s a team we’ve never played as long as I’ve been around.” Fraley is hoping before Saturday’s game to get some of his injured players, varsity and junior varsity, back onto the field. Without a JV game scheduled for Saturday, he may need them to fill holes on the varsity team. “We’re asking a lot of our younger players, making them play varsity when they’re really not ready for it, but we just haven’t had the bodies,” said Fraley. For next weekend’s game against Houston at Houston, Fraley is hoping for a healthy team and “maybe have a little different outcome with our starters back. If we can get Houston under our belt, we’ll be in the playoffs.” First, however, there’s Saturday’s homecoming game against Monroe. “We’ll play this game and do the best we can,” said Fraley. The Nikiski Bulldogs plowed into the Voznesenka Cougars in short order on Sept. 19, with touchdowns on the Bulldogs’ first three drives in the first eight minutes of the game. At halftime, the Cougars still hadn’t found their way onto the board, with the Bulldogs leading 34-0. Voznesenka tried to pick up the pace in the second half, but in the opening play Avraam Kalugin threw a backward pass that fell short. Nikiski took advantage of moment, picking up the live ball and running in the opposite direction for a fumble return touchdown. “It was discipline,” said Voznesenka Head Coach Justin Zank of the Cougars’ weaknesses. “Not lining up correctly, not hearing the snap count, false starts, fumbles. Some of it is inexperience, some of it is guys nerved up and some of it is lack of concentration. Not enough practice for some of the guys.” A touchdown late in the third quarter gave the Voznesenka Cougars six points when Dennis Martishev stripped the ball from Nikiski freshman Michael Odis and returned it 72 yards. Wednesday, the Cougars were in Fairbanks, playing Monroe Catholic. On Oct. 4, their last game of the Great Land Conference season is against Eielson at Homer High School. McKibben Jackinsky can be reached at mckibben.jackinsky@homernewscom. Morris News Service’s Joey Klecka, a reporter for the Peninsula Clarion, contributed to this story.
Irishman John Donovan served with the 2nd Wisconsin Infantry in the first major battle of the American Civil War, at Bull Run, Virginia. His unit fought side by side with the 69th New York State Militia, as part of the brigade commanded by William Tecumseh Sherman. For Donovan, this first day of fighting on 21st July 1861 would also prove to be his last. He recounted the incredible story of his survival against the odds to the Irish-American newspaper, who published it on 9th September 1862. John Donovan described his day as follows: Went into an engagement at Bull Run, Sunday, July 21, 1861, at 10 o’clock, a.m., or thereabouts. Marched up the hill after getting over a fence, and on reaching nearly to the brow I was struck by a rifle ball in the calf of my right leg, outside, passing through to the skin on the other side. In the cars on the way to Richmond the next evening, a young man, looking among the wounded prisoners, wanted me to let him take it out and keep the ball, to which I consented, and he cut it out. After being hit as above I stepped back to the fence, sat down and bound up my leg to keep it from bleeding. I then got up and loaded and fired from where I stood. After firing three times, another ball hit me in the left heel, glancing up along near my ankle joint. This ball remained in about eight weeks, when my leg, being badly festered, the prison hospital surgeon lanced it one evening, and in the night the ball worked down, so I got it out the next morning. After being hit the second time I still kept loading and firing as fast as I could. In about ten minutes, as near as I can judge, a third ball struck me in the right side, which still remains somewhere within me. This disabled me somewhat for a short time, but I again loaded and fired two or three times as well as I could, when I was struck in the right arm (while in the act of firing) about midway between my elbow and shoulder joints, the ball running up towards my neck. The ball was taken out about nine weeks afterwards by the hospital surgeon at Richmond, about half away from my shoulder joint to my neck bone. I fired my musket but once after this, as the recoil of it hurt my shoulder so, I was unable to bear it. I then left the fence to get behind a tree standing some two hundred and fifty yards off, and picked up a revolver which lay on the ground, just after I left the fence, at which time a bullet struck on my right wrist glancing off from the bone. I went a little further towards the tree, when some twelve or fifteen Confederate soldiers came out of the woods directly towards me. I fired the revolver at them three times, and just as I fired the third barrel, a bullet fired by one of this company struck me just below my left eye, going into my head. I knew nothing more until about noon the next day (Monday). When I came to I found myself lying right where I fell the day before. I tried to get up, but could not. After this I made several ineffectual attempts to crawl away to the shade of a tree, the sun shining very hot. About four p.m., a couple of soldiers came along, picked me up, and carried me to the cars, and I was sent to Richmond, afterwards sent to Alabama, and finally released on parole. The bullet still remains in my head; the hospital surgeon says it lies somewhere near my right ear (the sense of hearing being entirely lost in that ear), the drum, or typanum having been injured by it. The slightest touch on my chin, or near it, causes a sever pain in my right temple and over the ear. I cannot see at all with my left eye. I cannot bear to be out in the sun; it makes me dizzy and my head pains me severely; so also does more than ordinary exercise. Ordinarily, when sitting quiet, my head only occasionally troubles me- a little dizziness and heaviness is about all- except when out in the sun or heated, as before stated; and also when I attempt to lift anything, it puts me in severe pain in my head, and my eyes pain me exceedingly, as well then as when heated or out in the sun. I am obliged to keep out of the sun as much as possible on account of this excruciating pain in my head and eyes, and when I read my eyes fill with water, and I have to rest. I cannot write a letter of ordinary length. I have to stop several times for this and from dizziness. There is occasionally a dimness comes over my right eye even when quiet, but not very often. The surgeon said the bone around my left temple was shattered, and that pieces thereof would work out; none has to my knowledge. The bullet which entered my right side has not yet given me any great trouble. (1) Records confirm that John Donovan enlisted as a Private in Company B, 2nd Wisconsin Infantry, on 22nd May 1861. At that time he resided in Houston, Minnesota. The Roster of Wisconsin Volunteers states that he was wounded five times at Bull Run, made a prisoner, and discharged due to disability on his release. His survival despite receiving so many wounds is remarkable; despite this, the severe impact these injuries had on his life highlight the legacy of suffering that many American Civil War veterans had to endure long after the guns fell silent. (2) (1) Irish American; (2) Roster 1886: 351; Irish American, 9th September 1862: ‘A Man Wounded Six Times in One Battle’ Wisconsin Adjutant General’s Office 1886. Roster of Wisconsin Volunteers, War of the Rebellion, 1861- 1865, Volume 1
Hard Work Pays Off As you stand on Alvin Dody’s Southwest Missouri property observing the mosaic pattern of quail friendly habitats and hearing bobwhite quail whistling in the distance you soon realize how dedicated Alvin has been in restoring the quail habitat on his property. Alvin bought his first 80 acres in 1994, and when asked why did you purchase the property Alvin’s reply, “I needed something to do when I retire from my television service and sales business.” Since then Alvin and his son Darren have purchased additional properties and now own 275 acres. Alvin’s farm primarily consisted of fescue and brush. Alvin began his quest to improve the habitat by enrolling 20 acres into the WHIP program. He received guidance on converting fescue to more wildlife-friendly native grasses from the Missouri Department of Conservation and Natural Resouces Conservation Service. When the Department launched the Private Land Services Division, Alvin contacted Stan Sechler, private land conservationist for Cedar County. The initial on-site visit has led to a long-lasting working relationship. According to Sechler, “Alvin has a good understanding of what the habitat needs are for bobwhite quail. I have been able to provide additional guidance on other habitat practices that can be conducted to enhance his property.” Since 2002 Alvin has utilized the Department’s Landowners Assistance Program to help with offsetting the cost of converting 46 acres of fescue grass to stands of wildlife-friendly native warm-season grasses. Not only has Alvin established warm-season grasses, he has planted shrub thickets for escape cover and annually burns portions of the native grass fields to maintain the full wildlife benefits that native grasses provide. In addition, Alvin has disturbed areas with a disk to create good brood rearing habitat and plants grain food plots . Alvin’s hard work is paying off. When he purchased the farm he would have two to three coveys of quail on his farm. Now it is common for Alvin to have six to eight coveys. Whitetail deer are also taking advantage of Alvin’s hard work as their numbers continue to increase. Alvin looks forward to fall every year. He and Darren will spend much of their free time at the farm, getting their exercise, following Darren’s bird dog searching for another covey of quail.
Bracing against the cold in Muthanna March 6, 2010 - Soldiers of 1-77 Armor hand out cold-weather supplies in southern Iraq's Muthanna Province - Task Force Pathfinder assisted over 1,000 families from the province's four districts Much of the population of Muthanna Province faces serious hunger and health issues that only worsen during the winter months. As this winter approached, the Muthanna Provincial Council asked the U.S. State Department's Provincial Reconstruction Team to help provide essential supplies and aid for their people in need. Company A, 1st Battalion, 77th Armor Regiment, Task Force Pathfinder, assigned to assist the Muthanna PRT's reconstruction efforts, responded. The resulting humanitarian aid project took "Able" Co.'s 1st Platoon to Samawah, the capital - and most populated city - of the province, to provide immediate assistance to roughly 1,000 families from the province's four districts. These necessary supplies included 17 basic essential items such as rice, sugar, cooking oil, lentils, juice, chicken, towels and blankets to help sustain them through the rest of the winter. The event, publicized as a "New Year Food Basket Give-Away," was coordinated with help from the partnering Al Rafidayn Foundation for Civil Education, a non-governmental organization, and various locally elected district council members and mayors. Due to the efforts of the provincial officials and the PRT, the day was well-structured, which proved vital as the first 400 people showed up in a large crowd with coupons in-hand, ready to receive the promised items. The coupons were distributed by the local leaders to the families who were the most in need as a method of ensuring the right people received the goods. The Samawah District Council chairman, Bassam Rawak Hedad, addressed his people and gave instructions on how the items would be distributed. The women were permitted to file through first, followed by the elderly and disabled, and finally the men. As the crowd came closer to the distribution point, they were greeted by Hedad and were encouraged to ask any questions they had for him. The Soldiers of 1st Platoon served as helpers for the councilman's employees and were cordially told "thank you" in broken English as the people were handed their winter care packages. At least one of the Soldiers said it was nice to see the results of the taskforce's efforts. Within 45 minutes, all 400 Samawah residents had received their promised items and 1st Plt. began preparations for the next 600 expected to arrive from the Khiddr, Rumaitha and Sowaira districts. "The positive relationship between us, the PRT and the Provincial Government has allowed the company to play an important part towards aiding and rebuilding Iraq," said 1st Lt. Nathaniel Crawford, of Lorton, Va., Able Co.'s executive officer, following the event's completion. He said such events are the direct result of the hard work of those involved in these growing partnerships, and they serve as another method to show the Iraqi people their government is there to help them at all times.
August 28 and 29 saw the second installment of the Targa Trophy go flying out of the San Francisco Bay and into Silicon Valley. As we wrote in the October ’10 issue, european car has partnered with the event organizers as an official media outlet and will be offering expanded content at europeancarweb.com, including expanded photo galleries and the official Targa press alerts. The second event began at the San Fran W Hotel, with a midday lunch stop at the W in Silicon Valley, then continued over some damn tortuous roads en route back to the S.F. W. Leg Two in the Bay and Valley was pretty special, since the ec team in our green Porsche Panamera 4S actually scored well enough to rank in the top ten. As we’ve stated before, Targa isn’t an all-out speed trial, that is, the fastest time between checkpoints wins. It uses a points system that takes your overall accrued distance and elapsed time into account and compares those to the distance and time set by the event’s pre-runners, who at the same time map a very specific route for event participants. So this rally presents its own very unique sort of challenge. Of course, there are always the guys who just love to go completely balls out, throw the rules to the wind, and try and set the overall fastest time for the route. But those guys never win and a strategy like that pretty much guarantees you won’t place anywhere near the front. The Traga Trophy generally rewards more conservative driving, but more significantly, it rewards precise navigation. In fact, the navigator is usually the more important component on the driving team. The routes these guys map can be tricky, even downright diabolical. As media partners, we aren’t competing for the prizes; even if we took the top place, we wouldn’t be collecting any schwag. But what the heck, it’s all about bragging rights, yeah? And so having never ranked anywhere near the top ten, this time around was surprisingly gratifying when we placed Eighth. Yeah, we’re easily amused. Check back soon for the official Bay Area rankings, overall standings, and expanded photo galleries from the rally. Considering the extended drive routes cover a good bit of ground and you can be physically on the road for anywhere between six and eight hours, we’ve been trying to think of cars to drive that offer an ideal combination of speed, driving dynamics, and a relative amount of comfort. Guys that show up in raced-out performance cars are very likely to get the crap beaten out of them, and certain sections of this outing’s route, at least, were decidedly not kind to stiff aftermarket suspensions and low-slung ground effects. This time around, Porsche came through for us with a Panamera 4S. Despite the controversy that surrounded it basically since its inception, the Panamera was conceived as the ultimate four-dour performance car. And true to aim, that’s pretty much what the engineers in Zuffenhausen built. Even more vocal than the “purists” who breathe fire and spit blood at the mere mention of a four-door Porsche—the same ones who breathed fire and spit blood when the Cayenne SUV was announced—were those who ridiculed its aesthetic design when the final, un-shrouded version first began making its rounds on the spy photography circuits. And some of the complaints tended to be rather contradictory. Some said they tried to make it look too much like a 911. Some said it looked more like a squashed Cayenne. I rarely weigh in on design criticism, considering such criticism is extremely subjective and there are generally as many opinions as there are critics. But I will say the Panamera’s looks have grown on me. If the looks are controversial, the driving experience really shouldn’t be. I’ve had the chance to drive one on the track, and it quite simply kicks ass. It won’t be as quick through corners as a 911 or Cayman, but then you look behind you and see that huge back seat and the other two doors. There are very few things on the road with four doors and four full adult-sized seats that’ll perform at its level. The Panamera S is propelled by a 4.8-liter, 400-hp V8 linked to Porsche’s very excellent twin-clutch PDK automated manual. The 4S adds all-wheel drive to the mix. On our route, the car was damn fast, and held the road in a German death-grip on all but the tightest sections. It even held on in those, too, but it’s there that the Panamera’s considerable size becomes pretty evident. And it’s here that you realize there are just some roads in the world where you just cannot beat a 911. Then you get back on the highway, and you begin to wonder if the Porsche Panamera might not be the ultimate road tripper. The cabin is ultra-plush, very comfortable for long distances, and very spaceship-like in its layout and design. The inside wraps around you like no other sedan or saloon or four-door I’ve experienced, whether you sit in the front or back. Whatever I’m in, I normally slam the seat to the floor. In the Panamera, I actually had to raise it up a bit. Which might speak ill of its overall rear and lateral visibility, but says a lot for its undeniable sports-car feel. Overall, the P4S made an ideal ride for the second Targa event of the year. We’re patting ourselves on the back for making the call. 2010 Porsche Panamera 4S Longitudinal front engine, all-wheel drive 4.8-liter V8, dohc, 32-valve Seven-speed automated manual Peak Power: 400 hp @ 6500 rpm Peak Torque: 369 lb-ft @ 3500 rpm 0-60 mph: 4.8 sec. Top Speed: 175 mph Fuel Economy: 16 city/24 hwy In the October issue we told you about our intent to pick one car from the entries in each Targa event that stood out to us. This time around it’s this blue metallic Audi TTS. Owned by Bay Area local Jason Crouch, the car wears subtle performance bits like prototype engine enhancements from APR and custom lightweight HRE wheels. The base TTS was one of our favorite cars from last year, an absolute riot to drive, and Crouch has given his some serious juice with a claimed 400 hp. Look for this car in the magazine when the engine testing is finalized.
Related Trips (596)LaplandMore Lapland Trips A Travel Blog by jeroen ... planning and a growing pile of tourist bumph in the boot. I'm visiting dozens of destinations and sights, including the very south, the east coast, the arctic cirle, Lapland, the forests in the middle bit, and finally the southwest. Hope I spot a moose. A Travel Blog by samlocke3 Sam and Chloe decided to go play in the snow and visit the magical world of Lapland! Related Entries (1,159)LaplandMore Lapland Entries A Travel Blog entry by sd0744 from Rovaniemi, Finland ... that Bus driver and his family. The rest of the time was spent wandering around Rovaniemi, from the University of Lapland (where the Christmas elves must graduate from) to the River. The town itself is not very pretty with lots of ... A Travel Blog entry by reisender from Kittilä, Lapland, Finland ... a Lufthansa flight at 2 p.m. directly to Helsinki. After a 3 hour stopover, we continued with a FinnAir flight to Kittilä (Lapland) which is located around 800 km and a 1:15 hour flight north of Helsinki. Kittilä airport was tiny and completely ... A Travel Blog entry by whitefox2008 from Yllas, Lapland, Finland The holiday starts today. What a change from England. Yllas is located north of the Arctic Circle in Finnish Lapland, in Scandinavia, in Northern Europe. Lapland which makes up one third of Finland is a little larger than the combined ... Related Pictures (8,995)LaplandMore Lapland Pictures Related Videos (107)LaplandMore Lapland Videos Related Accommodations (343)LaplandMore Lapland Accommodations Valipolku 2-4, Rovaniemi, Lapland, FinlandTraveler Rating - 4 reviews Related Attractions (32)LaplandMore Lapland Attractions Pohjoisranta 4, University of Lapland, Rovaniemi, Lapland, Finland436 reviews
Fenced in, the young men launch themselves high into the air, twisting and turning in a playful high-speed attempt to escape – at first from gravity then from their prison. They pull off several seemingly impossible feats, like landing in a handstand on another performer’s upturned palms or running across a ministage inclined at a steep angle.
DENVER -- If the St. Louis Blues have any weaknesses, they have yet to show many while running up an 18-3-3 record and challenging for first place in the hotly contested Central Division. The Blues were solid in all aspects of the game Wednesday in a 4-1 win against the Colorado Avalanche at Pepsi Center that opened a three-game road trip. The Blues are as hot as any team in the NHL. They've won five consecutive games and are 10-1-1 in their past 12. "We are sticking to the way we play," said Blues left wing Alexander Steen, who scored his 20th goal in the first period to tie Washington Capitals forward Alex Ovechkin for the NHL lead. "Pucks are bouncing our way and we are taking care in our own end and our goaltending has been phenomenal. We have been getting our chances, and our power play has been clicking, and it helps that we are playing sound offensively." The win was the second for the Blues in two games this season against the Avalanche (17-6-0), whose winning streak ended at three. The Blues had lost eight consecutive games here since a 1-0 win April 12, 2009. "We haven't had good history in this building the past few years, so we needed to set the tone," said Blues captain David Backes, who had a goal and an assist in the first period when St. Louis took a 3-1 lead. "We wanted to make sure we were playing the right way and going to the net with sticks on the ice." Avalanche center Matt Duchene returned to the lineup after missing three games because of an oblique injury, but he played because center Paul Stastny was scratched after experiencing back spasms. Duchene hasn't had a full practice since he was injured Nov. 16 against the Florida Panthers and wasn't expected to play until Friday against the Minnesota Wild. "I was going to take two more days, but when Paulie went down it was one of those situations where I need to step in and I felt good enough to do so," Duchene said. "At that point it wasn't precautionary anymore and we just went with it. I'm just thankful to get out of that game without anything more in terms of being hurt. I feel great and I'm looking forward to playing on the weekend." The Blues scored at even strength, on a power play and while shorthanded in the first period. Chris Stewart closed the scoring with an empty-net goal with 1:44 to play. Backes opened the scoring at 2:46 when he redirected T.J. Oshie's pass behind goalie Semyon Varlamov, who on Saturday posted a 1-0 overtime win against the Los Angeles Kings. "To tell you the truth, I didn’t see the goalie," Backes said. "I saw the pass coming across and had defenders on me and just had my stick out there and [Oshie] made a great play. So I don’t think I can take much credit for putting it in the right spot, just making the hard play and finding some luck.” Steen made it 2-0 at 6:10 on a power play. It took the Blues 36 seconds to convert after Avalanche defenseman Jan Hejda tripped Oshie. Backes slid the puck through the slot to Steen, who had inside position on defenseman Nate Guenin for a chip shot past Varlamov. "I just came down the back side," Steen said. "The last time we played them we had a couple shots from the slot. They were sitting a little bit on it, but that opened up a back-door pass." Avalanche coach Patrick Roy used his timeout immediately after Steen's goal to settle the team, which at that point was outshot 9-1. "I told the guys let's try to get one and go into the second in a one-goal game," Roy said. The Avalanche pulled within 2-1 at 8:24 when Patrick Bordeleau scored his third goal, a career high. Brad Malone took a shot while skating along the right-wing boards that goalie Jaroslav Halak stopped. The rebound went to the Blues' Maxim Lapierre, but Hejda stole the puck for a shot on goal and Bordeleau jammed it in. Colorado had a chance to tie the game on a power play when Ian Cole went off for holding Duchene. Instead, Blues forward Jaden Schwartz scooped up the puck in his zone after the Avalanche misfired on a pass. Schwartz went end-to-end before firing the puck by Varlamov's glove at 18:12 for a shorthanded goal and a 3-1 lead. "They had some momentum going with the puck in their end, so it was nice to put us back up by a couple of goals," Schwartz said. Roy said, "That hurt a lot. We didn't have a good first period." The Blues killed all four Avalanche power plays and have killed 20 of 21 penalties in the past seven games. "Our power play was brutal," Duchene said. "It felt like at times we didn't want the puck, we were kind of shoveling off the problem to the next guy. When you're on the power play, you have to want the thing. We have to execute better and we didn't do that and that let us down for sure. "We lost the game in the first 10 minutes. I think if we play a little bit better in the first 10, if we go into the second with a 2-1 deficit, I think maybe it's a different game. They're a good team and we've got a lot to learn before we can beat a team like that consistently. They do a lot of really good things and we can learn from them. We also can't give them too much respect. They're in our head a little bit probably, and we have to get rid of that and keep moving on here." |Back to top ↑|
Ebano Intrecciato VN Trolley Constructed from Bottega Veneta's signature intrecciato VN leather, which has been specifically developed for exceptional endurance and resistance to wear and tear, this wheeled trolley is designed to last. Distinctive and compact, the case features a practical external compartment and a wide internal zip pocket. The retractable handle is perfect for stacking coordinating carry-on bags, available separately within the range. Fully lined with soft cotton padding, the interior features functional double straps and a suit cover to keep your clothing and contents in order. Comes with a lock, keys and leather key pouch. - Solid colour, Zip closure, External pocket, Internal zip pocket, Metallic inserts Depth: 22,0 cm Height: 35,0 cm Width: 44,0 cm
Definition of semeiotics n. - Alt. of Semiotics 2 The word "semeiotics" uses 10 letters: C E E I I M O S S T. No direct anagrams for semeiotics found in this word list. Words formed by adding one letter before or after semeiotics (in bold), or to ceeiimosst in any order: r - esotericism All words formed from semeiotics by changing one letter Browse words starting with semeiotics by next letter
Optometry school graduates are not the only folks interested in owning a practice. Many doctors in various employed modes of practice or in retail leases are contemplating it as well. I'll share my practical approach in this article and in a few more to come. I opened my practice cold using this method and I've helped other ODs do it as well. It works. The road to ownership There are many excellent paths to owning your own practice. You could buy a practice from a retiring doctor. You could buy into an established practice and become a partner. There is nothing wrong with these scenarios and they may be the best option in many cases, but the method I like best, and advise doctors to look strongly into, is opening cold. Starting your own practice: When to do it Many new optometry grads today want to work for a year or two before opening their own practice. I understand the reasoning. New ODs have high student loan debt and they would also like to gain some real-world experience. There is no right or wrong answer here, and it is a personal decision, but it is often based on a concept that owning a practice is extremely expensive. That is not necessarily true and if the cost of start-up is low enough, the decision may change. I think the best time to open a practice of optometry is directly out of school. Generally speaking, life only gets more complex as time goes on. It becomes harder to do it. A new graduate has the highest level of drive, energy and idealism and those are factors that are extremely important in starting a business. In the first few years out of school, many people begin to have families, buy cars and other consumer items, and they buy a house. The cost of the lifestyle increases dramatically and it becomes difficult to take a step down in income. As life gets more complex, it takes more time to manage it. Many optometrists intend to open a practice someday, but never feel they are at the right time to proceed. I realize that even with my low-cost approach to opening cold, it may still be impossible for many people right out of school. If that's the case, go ahead and accept a job but stay determined to save money and reach your goal as soon as possible. The start-up cost I think of the cost of a start-up practice as having two parts: the initial start-up costs and the ongoing monthly expenses. As we develop a mini-business plan over the next few tips, we will keep these separate and we will consider both. The initial start-up cost can vary greatly based on many factors. Here is one simplified example that is fairly typical: •Frame inventory (500 frames X $60) •First three months expenses A price of nearly $300,000 is enough to make anyone think twice and probably choose another route. Fortunately, with some creativity, you can own your practice for much less. Tune in next week and I'll show you how to open a new practice for $62,000. That's the price of a new car. A very nice car, but a car! That is a price tag that many ODs can arrange to have financed, or borrow from a relative, or work hard and save up. Here are some additional benefits of working with a low start-up cost: the monthly loan payment is quite affordable and the total risk of the business venture is reduced. I know critics will say that one of the leading causes of new business failure is underfunding and that it would be foolish to start a practice without far more resources than I'm advocating. I say another leading cause of new business failure is spending far more money than necessary and not being able to pay the bills! Stay open-minded and wait until you see more next week. As my friend Irving Bennett, O.D. says: don't open cold – open hot!
Ever since Lucy Jansema began working for the Perry County Conservation District, she knew that her job depended on funding, and when there’s no funding, there’s no job. Still, Jansema is trying to wrap her head around the termination of her resource specialist position, effective July 2. Perry County commissioners on June 14 accepted with regret, a letter from Todd Brajkovich, manager of the conservation district, informing them that because of decreased funding Jansema’s position would be terminated. “It was a worthwhile job. It had meaning,” Jansema said during a June 16 phone interview. For the past nine and a half years, Jansema of Cumberland County has been one of the prime movers behind Perry County’s farmland preservation program. Jansema estimated she’s assisted in preserving 4,500 acres. She’s humble about her accomplishment, but Jonas Stoltzfus, chairman of the farm preservation board, said she was a huge asset of the program. “I’m not sure where we would start to replace the services she’s provided,” Stoltzfus said. “She was an integral part of the program being successful. I’m rather shocked and disappointed at the news.” Those thoughts were echoed by Oscar Campbell, chairman of the conservation district board. “I’m sorry to see her go. She did a great job for us ... took a real interest in Perry County.” Brajkovich said the department has been the victim of cuts that required the position to be terminated. Last year, the conservation district lost $75,000 in state funding and $25,000 in county funding. After July 2, four full-time and two part-time employees will remain. Brajkovich said all intentions are to continue delegated and priority programs — state nutrient, erosion control, recycling, etc. — as they operate currently. “We’ll be hopping,” Brajkovich said. General assistance programs, such as stream permits and flood plain activities, might be put on the “back burner,” Brajkovich said. While the office will offer assistance, staff might not be able to go out to the field, leaving those who need the assistance to hire private consultants. “I’m very sad to see Lucy go,” Brajkovich said. “She did a good job for us and the program.” Other programs Jansema was a part of included gypsy moth suppression, West Nile virus suppression and surveillance, biosolids and nutrient management. Jansema holds no ill will for what happened, and said simply, “It was an honor and a privilege to work in Perry County.”
We did not find any results for you search. Please visit the ProductWiki homepage. To report this problem to a moderator please click here and describe to us what happened. Run an online store? Use ProductWiki Connect for Merchants to enhance your product page and improve conversions. ProductWiki Inc. © 2013. All rights reserved. ver: 4.1.5 Get the free iPhone App!
In short: Fantastic organisation, superb route In full: The hills make this challenging, the headwind made it really tough hence no good for a PB attempt. Thought the atmostphere was fantastic and the organisation was really good. I think the people complaining about the lack of portaloos may not have realised that Greenwich Park has two public toilet blocks with about 15 loos in each. Only criticism would be that they said we would be able to check times on finishing which actually wasn't the case and we had to wait for the times to be up on-line which took about 24 hours. Will still definitley be doing this race next year. Date of review: November 15, 2009 In short: Not the best organised race! Not value for money. In full: I thought very poorly organised in the following areas: no portaloos for that number of people is a disgrace. I doubt the Teahouse would have been impressed with the number of runners using their toilet. The bag storage was shoddy and disorganised and as a single woman what would I want with a man's razor and shaving kit? I realise it's "Movember" but there should have been a ladies gift bag as well. Announcements over the speaker system would have been helpful. For £17 I expected a lot more. Date of review: November 14, 2009 In short: Very well organised and friendly race - loved it! In full: Thank goodness the weather held out to make a great race! Very enjoyable, very friendly people and an interesting goody bag for sure! Loved all the Mos. If only I'd felt better (just recovering from a virus) as it would have been a PB for sure with this route.. well, if I survived the big hills! Thank you to everyone involved. I did the Epsom 5K too (same organisers) and these people know how to lay on a good race :-) Date of review: November 14, 2009 In short: Very well organised park run for charity... In full: We were lucky with the weather, at 8.30am it was belting down but fortunately by race time the sun was out, though the winds were still gusting pretty strongly! The run was three assorted loops around Greenwich Park which was surprisingly hilly we discovered! Although the initial instructions seemed somewhat complicated as you had to navigate the same paths a number of times, in reality it was quite straightforward with marshalls pointing the right way whenever you could have gone astray. Was all on paved paths so no real problem with the wet or mud. Support was fairly limited, which was understandable given the weather though there was some very enthusiastic cheering from some groups! Nice medal, even nicer goodie bag, decent razor with three tubes of grooming products, plus bananas, vitamin water, sweets and chocolates raisins at the end. Was chip timed for the serious runners, and plentiful parking was very straightforward just a few dozen yards from the start... if I had one suggestion would be to reroute the loops so that there wasn't that energy sapping hill at about 9.7km!! All in all hard to fault and for an excellent cause. Date of review: November 14, 2009 In short: If you want a flat 10k, then this is it. In full: Start was a little tricky and bunched - I think more effort should be made to stagger the start. This must be one of the flattest races out there - total ascent cannot have been more than 10m, so a good test of true pace. Race numbers with your name on was a nice touch and the marshalls were highly encouraging. Will certainly be returning next year. Date of review: November 9, 2009 In short: Fun run In full: Late for registration and start, so just had a good relaxing, run with my dog, (who always enjoys the attention). Great atmosphere and thought the walkers/public were very understanding when getting out of the way! Date of review: October 22, 2009 In short: Nice scenery, nice weather, shame about the puddles! In full: This was my first event for over a year, and I was very impressed. Putting names on race numbers was a nice touch. The course was a little congested in places, but looking at the route, I didn't expect anything else. A lovely autumnal event to blow the cobwebs away. Date of review: October 19, 2009 In short: Great scenery, shame about the early congestion... In full: Efficient staff at the start, very scenic course, beautiful day for running and clearly labelled distance markers unlike my previous event. As mentioned elsewhere the start needs to be looked at, as it wasn't really until 10 mins or so into the race that I finally felt able to go my own pace. Passing places were at a premium in the opening stretch and with some runners sticking together in groups it was really hard to find your own space. As it was I missed my PB by 15 seconds when I probably lost about 2 minutes due to the bunching. Maybe next time we could head south down the river first, so that the field was more strung out before the need to turn? Still, I enjoyed the run and will be back next time. Date of review: October 19, 2009 In short: A very pleasant way to spend a Saturday morning In full: Overall well organised. A larger field than I think was expected. The start was a little crowded and the section where runners were going opposite each other after the first turn was a bit of a squeeze at times. After this point though the course was excellent. Very flat, superb scenery and a great way to start the weekend. Nice early start as well. Very enjoyable. Thank you. Date of review: October 18, 2009
The Fairfield Housing Authority wants to demolish the Pine Tree Lane apartments for senior citizens and build a larger housing complex with more spacious units. And, under the changes envisioned, the new apartments would no longer be restricted to senior residents. "We're going to expand respectfully," said Carol J. Martin, executive director of the Fairfield Housing Authority. "We have 38 now and we're going to have 50. We'd like to build a lot more because of the need in town, but we want to have a respectful development." The housing authority has filed an application for the proposed redevelopment in the town's Conservation Department and requested a public hearing before the town's Inland Wetlands Commission. A hearing date hasn't been set for the project, which also would require approval from the Town Plan and Zoning Commission. Martin said the proposed apartments would be larger and offer modern amenities, such as washers and dryers, dishwashers and central air conditioning, which the current apartments lack. She said the proposed apartments, unlike the existing units, also would be better insulated so residents' heating bills wouldn't be so high. The proposed apartments also would be open to all age levels, and income eligibility would change from 80 percent of the state's median income to 60 percent of the region's median income, Martin said. She said the proposed apartments likely would have people with higher incomes because the existing units aren't attractive to people who have other options. "Right now, marketing our units is our biggest detriment. We can't compete with 60 percent to 80 percent," she said. "If you don't keep up with people's expectations, you eventually take yourself out of the market." The Pine Tree apartments now have an income eligibility limit of $44,750 for a single person and $51,100 for a couple, both of which are based on 80 percent of the statewide median income, according to a chart provided by Martin. The income eligibility for the proposed apartments, as it now stands, would be $35,160 for a single and $40,200 for a couple, both of which are based on 60 percent of the current area median income. While those limits are lower, the proposed apartments likely will attract higher-income people than those willing to rent the existing apartments, according to Martin. The current development had been financed under the state's housing program for the elderly, Martin said. "When we get removed from that program, it will allow us greater flexibility in the populations we serve," she said. "The only real, true scrutiny on criteria would be income." Changing the criteria from state median income to the area median also will increase the pool of applicants, Martin said. "We'll be able to serve more folks," she said. The existing development, built in the late 1960s and early '70s on three acres, has 20 efficiency apartments of about 400 square feet and 18 one-bedroom apartments of about 450 feet. All of the apartments are in 10 single-story buildings and the complex also has a one-story building where the authority's offices are located.Read Full Article The proposed development would have eight two-story buildings, with 40 one-bedroom apartments of about 750 square feet and 10 two-bedroom apartments of about 1,238 square feet, not including a single-story community building that will have the authority's business office, according to Martin and the housing authority's application. "They'll be built market-rate, what you would expect if you're buying a new condo and home," Martin said. Construction is expected to last from 16 to 20 months, according to the application. The Pine Tree Lane housing development is now fully occupied. Once construction is ready to begin, the authority would find housing in the private market for half of the development's residents, Martin said. Then, after half of the proposed development is built, tenants still at Pine Tree Lane would move into the new units. After the second half of the development is built, off-site tenants would be moved back in, Martin said. "Everybody here will have a home when we're done," she said. Martin said determining which tenants get moved off-site depends on underground infrastructure. "Typically what dictates that is utility companies and sanitary and water services. We haven't gotten that far along," she said. Financing for the project is expected to include Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated by the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority and other state funds administered by the state Department of Housing, according to the application. Martin said the project also may be financed through a bond from the state. But she added, "We're not even prepared yet to submit a financing application." Martin, the authority's executive director for two years, said the waiting list to occupy the Pine Tree Lane apartments is now closed and has been closed since she's been there. But she expected the waiting list to open shortly. She said the housing authority only opens the waiting list for a short period of time and that the true indication of people's need for affordable housing is seen in the five to nine phone calls that the authority receives each day for housing, Martin said. "These are typically folks in desperate need," she said. The Fairfield Housing Authority also oversees affordable apartments on Trefoil Court. Martin said minor site improvements would take place at that development before the Pine Tree Lane project begins. Once the Pine Tree Lane development is built, Martin said she "would contemplate doing something to expand housing opportunities at Trefoil Court."
A Rhode Island man is suing to silence the church bells in his neighborhood. John Devaney said the bells from a nearby Catholic church disturbs his peace and were a reason his marriage ended in divorce. The 64-year-old wants the federal government to reduce the amount of times the bells ring. The bells were installed six years after he bought his home. The church said they have the right to ring the bells since religious institutions are exempt from city noise ordinances. "So many in the community have enjoyed hearing the bell for more than 10 years for but minutes a day. The parish believes the brief ringing of the bell is reasonable and well within its rights," the church said in a statement through Catholic Diocese of Providence. "The parish community is saddened that a sole individual would continue personal, inappropriate attacks harassing visitors, worshippers, and staff of St. Thomas More Parish. As a community of faith, we will pray for peace and understanding and that all our neighbors know of our charity and concern."
The Kyocera S2100 is Virgin Mobile's version of the Kyocera Luno S2100 for Cricket. It's available for $19.99 with the carrier's no-contract PayLo service. The S2100 sports almost the same design as its Luno sibling, though instead of a wild purple color scheme it comes in a humbler gray skin. The flip phone has rounded edges, and the 1-inch color external display will let you check caller ID and the time without opening the phone. It measures 3.7 inches long by 1.9 inches wide by 0.7 inch deep and weighs 3 ounces. Inside you'll find a 1.8-inch color display and a standard alphanumeric keypad. Features include Bluetooth 2.1, an Opera Mini Web browser, a VGA camera with 5x digital zoom, voice commands and dialing, personal organizer tools, messaging and e-mail, a speakerphone, a 500-contact phone book, and USB syncing.
The personal fortune of Twitter Inc cofounder Evan Williams probably will take up 10 characters once the online communications company goes public. Williams, who was Twitter’s chief executive for two years until Dick Costolo took over in 2010, owns a 12 percent stake, making him the company’s largest shareholder. If Twitter turns out to be worth at least US$17.60 per share, the initial public offering (IPO) will make Williams a billionaire at 41 years old. Williams, a Nebraska native who now lives in San Francisco, California, is likely to join the billion-dollar club because an outside appraisal of Twitter completed in August valued the company at US$20.62 per share, according to IPO documents unsealed on Thursday. At that price, Williams’ 56.9 million shares would be worth nearly US$1.2 billion. San Francisco-based Twitter hopes to raise US$1 billion in an offer that is expected to be completed by late next month. Williams owns such a large stake because Twitter was hatched within another startup called Odeo that he launched in 2005 after leaving a job at Google Inc. He had gone to work for Google after selling his first hit product, Blogger, to Google for an undisclosed amount in 2003. Although Williams is no longer Twitter’s chief executive, he remains on the board of directors. Another board member, Peter Fenton, and his venture capital firm, Benchmark Capital, own a 6.7 percent stake. Next in line with a 4.9 percent stake is Jack Dorsey, who came up for the idea for Twitter with Noah Glass and Biz Stone. The stakes of Glass and Stone are not listed in the IPO documents, meaning they do not own enough to warrant disclosures. Other investors who own at least a 5 percent stake in Twitter include private investment firm Rizvi Traverse, which backed Hugh Hefner’s successful bid to take Playboy private, as well as Spark Capital, Benchmark Capital Partners and Union Square Ventures. DST Global, a London-based investment firm founded by Russian investor Yuri Milner, is another stakeholder. DST, which focuses its investments on Internet companies, was a pre-IPO investor in Facebook. Costolo, a former improvisational comedian, owns a 1.6 percent stake in the company. Many of Twitter’s 2,000 employees could become rich, too, but will not be allowed to sell their stock until Feb. 15 at the earliest.
Pre-retirees, those 60 or older, “see twilight at the end of the tunnel,” according to a new survey from The Hartford released Thursday. E. Thomas Foster, vice president and national spokesperson for The Hartford's Retirement Plans Group, said in a statement, "The economic turmoil of the past few years has taken a major toll on the retirement dreams of those age 60 and older, especially those in their 60s. The financial services industry—financial advisors in particular—need to reach out to their mature clients to help them get back on track." Almost 90% of retirees 60 or older feared they did not have enough money to retire, with a substantial percentage (28.3% for ages 60-69 and 33.3% for age 70 and older) saying they had “no idea” when they might be able to leave the workplace behind. Many (17.4% for ages 60-69; 33.3% for age 70 and older) never plan to retire. While different age groups within the respondents focused on different worries, all were pessimistic about their futures. Those in their 60s put health concerns at the top of the list; outliving their money came in second. Those 70 or older were more concerned about outliving their money; for them, the second biggest worry was inflation’s effect on their money, and the third was losses in the financial markets.
Most Active Stories - "More Bridges to Cross..." - "My favorite story..." by Kathryn Tucker Windham's daughter... - 'Biblical marriage' rally planned in Dothan - Charter school bill in House, prison reform bill headed to Senate, and kids "Kick Butts" - Madison police officer trial moved up, Kick Butts Day, Charter school legislation Tue November 13, 2012 Originally published on Tue November 13, 2012 5:30 am (SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) STEVE INSKEEP, HOST: NPR's business news starts with a small reprieve for Greece. Eurozone finance ministers decided yesterday to give Greece more time to turn around its budget deficit. The financially challenged government will have an additional two years, until 2016, to run a primary budget surplus, which does not include debt servicing. What eurozone leaders did not agree upon is whether and when they would release more aid to Greece - money that's needed as its outstanding loans come due. That decision is now expected on November 20th. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
17 people showed up for the Dec 1 meeting at Jims. The following items were discussed: The LDGC has a balance of around $900 at years end, up 90% from 2006, way to go guys! An exact amount can be found in the treasurers report. These funds will be carried into 2008 and go toward insurance, added cash, website fees, etc... There is still a need for people to take the TD test, the LDGC will reimburse anyone who wants to do so. Our goals for 2008 are for a different person to run each of the 4 LDGC events. CV is taken care of already by Jeremy. The officers for 2008 will remain the same for the most part, as agreed on at the meeting, however we do need a VP. Sweat was nominated, but is reluctant. Any other nominations and seconds will be considered as well. Muldraugh is almost done, thanks to the workers that showed up for teepad help. Another day is need to finish some work on the signs. The LDGC has merchandice for sale, mostly discs. These will be available and various events at good prices. Tournaments will be able to be paid for online sometime in the upcoming season. The PDGA is making a process that will allow for all tournaments to be able to be paid for in advance. There is the need for a PR person. This is someone who will contact the media outlets and inform them of the disc golf events in our area. That sums up most of what was discussed. 2008 looks to be a great year for disc golf in Louisville. Our 2008 LDGC membership drive will kick off at the first of the year. We will further discuss more details concerning this.
The Parks Department offered a new compromise to concrete-wary Boardwalk lovers Tuesday night, proposing a smaller cement roadway that’s 4-feet slimmer than the strip residents protested in March. Officials want to install a 12-foot-wide cement path for emergency and Parks Department vehicles from the boardwalk’s eastern edge near Brighton 15th Street to Coney Island Avenue. Plastic lumber would be placed on both sides of the concrete to give the remainder of the path a true boardwalk look. With the move, wooden planks will become a thing of the past. “We took the comments that were made at the last meeting and shrank the amount of concrete,” explained borough Commissioner Kevin Jeffrey. “But the concrete is necessary to withstand the vehicles that use the Boardwalk.” But many people at the meeting, hosted by the Community Board 13 Parks Committee, want the whole Boardwalk to be converted entirely to faux wood, which looks and feels like the current wooden panels but doesn’t break down as easily. Residents continued to insist that even one strip of concrete will turn the iconic wooden walkway into a boring sidewalk. “This is violating the one piece of solitude in a city that’s already a concrete jungle!” exclaimed Mike Greco, whose group Friends of the Boardwalk collected more than 1,000 signatures opposing the use of concrete. In addition to loathing the look of the scored and colored concrete, some fear the material could scorch pedestrians’ feet, crack and get slippery when wet. “In the sun I’d be afraid to walk on it and in the rain I’d be afraid to walk on it,” said Brighton Beach resident Marina Kot. And many said that the faux wood that will be used on the sides of the Boardwalk can withstand vehicles as well as concrete can. “Don’t underestimate recycled plastic lumber,” said Tim Keating of Rainforest Relief, which pushes alternatives to typical tropical hardwoods for boardwalks. But the city says that cost is the biggest factor when it determines what material should be used. According to the city, concrete costs $90 per square-foot, compared to $114 per square foot for a concrete slab topped with recycled plastic lumber. The Parks Department also disputes residents’ notions that artificial wood is just as durable as concrete. Over the summer, city officials had installed both concrete planks and plastic lumber to test both materials. The agency concluded that concrete was more durable than faux wood and didn’t get slippery. This is the second time in less than a year that the city has revised its Boardwalk plan, which began as a quest to convert the entire width of the walkway into concrete. But the latest proposal will likely move forward, as the Community Board’s Parks Committee voted five to one to send the initiative to the full board for a vote. Members said that they appreciated the concrete compromise, as it will give people plenty of faux wood to walk on. “That’s the point of the plan,” said Chairman Eddie Mark. “You get to choose what surface to walk on.” The city gets the final say on the concrete jungle and the makeover will likely be complete by 2014, according to Jeffrey.
Estimated Delivery : Apr 01 - Apr 02 Estimated Delivery : Can't find your size? Special Order Fashion legend Marc Jacobs introduced his diffusion line, Marc by Marc Jacobs, with a spring 2001 runway show. He has gone on to win seven CFDA awards including Womenswear Designer of the Year, Accessories Designer of the Year and Menswear designer of the year.
NEWTOWN, Conn. - Newtown residents have rejected a budget that included money for extra school security in the wake of the December school shootings. Voters turned down the $72 million school budget by 482 votes and rejected the $39 million town government budget by 62 votes Tuesday. Nearly 4,500 residents voted on the plans, which would have increased spending by 4.7 percent next fiscal year. Officials put an extra $1 million in the school and town budgets to hire extra police officers and unarmed security guards to put in each of Newtown's seven schools. The plan was spurred by the shootings that killed 20 first-graders and six educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School. First Selectwoman Patricia Llodra says she's not sure what message voters were sending. She says officials will revise the budget.
You have no items in your shopping cart. You have no items in your wishlist. There are no products matching the selection. Back ©2015 WWRD US, LLC - All rights reserved. Waterford.com is part of WWRD. Your Waterford Welcome email should arrive shortly. Be sure to add firstname.lastname@example.org to your list of safe senders.
MINNEAPOLIS-- Sophie Pilhöfer (Sr./Inver Grove Heights, Minn./Visitation) successfully defended her 50-yard freestyle title and the 200-yard freestyle relay earned all-conference honors as the Carleton College women’s swimming and diving team is in fourth place after the MIAC Championships’ first day of action. Pilhöfer touched home in 23.43 after grabbing the evening finals’ top seed with a preliminary heat swim of 23.40. The times are a full half-second under the NCAA “B” qualifying standard, while also topping the 2012 national meet selection time. Pilhöfer joins Carleton great Marie Marsman ’05 as the only Knight to repeat as the MIAC Championships’ 50 freestyle champion. The senior sprinter led the 200-yard freestyle relay to a third-place finish, earning All-MIAC honors as the quartet posted a 1:35.70 time, knocking more than three seconds off their seed time. That time is also a NCAA “B” standard and faster than last year’s NCAA Championships’ selection time. Joining Pilhöfer on the relay was Milana Socha (Jr./Chesterton, Ind.), Alexandra Guy (So./Denver, Colo./Denver School of the Arts), and Erin McDuffie (Sr./Anchorage, Alaska/Service). It marks the seventh consecutive year the Knights have recorded a top-three finish in the event. Other top performances on the evening had McDuffie making the championships finals of the 500-yard freestyle, finishing eighth in 5:20.69 after she recorded a prelim swim of 5:14.27. As a team, the Knights are in fourth place after day one of three with 115 points. Gustavus Adolphus College leads with 204 points, followed by University of St. Thomas (175) and St. Olaf College (157). Action in the three-day event continues at the University of Minnesota’s Aquatic Center on Friday and Saturday. Visit the MIAC Swimming and Diving Championships website for live video, live results, and more.
TMG-L ArchivesArchiver > TMG > 2002-04 > 1018541801 From: "Lee Tumbleson" <> Subject: RE: [TMG] Why so anxious? Date: Thu, 11 Apr 2002 09:16:41 -0700 It's been 3 years since v4 was released, not even an elephant has a gestation period this long... Sent: Wednesday, April 10, 2002 6:20 PM Subject: Re: [TMG] Why so anxious? I guess that the problem is that the pregnancy period for Version 5 has much longer than most of us have been led to believe so that there is a reasonable conclusion that there are some major bugs in the new version has delayed extensively its availablilty. Meanwhile, it is better to with present version than to agitate for a new one which would have My guess in that Version 5 will be a long time coming ! Dan M ==== TMG Mailing List ====
Low sodium tips for Asian/Mexican cuisines - KenWritez Jun 27, 2007 05:17 AM I'm on a low sodium diet, 2000 milllgrams (about 2 tsp) or less per day. So far it's doable but has turned my cooking, grocery shopping and eating upside down. I read labels like a madman and my taste has changed to the point now I can taste salt levels in most foods more than previously. The sodium levels in commercial breads are high, and don't get me started on canned soups and veg. However, this restriction has torpedoed my consumption of my favorite ethnic foods: Thai / Chinese, and Mexican. Sodium levels in fish and soy sauces, for example, are sky-high: 1730 mg per T, 1005 mg per T, respectively. Even low sodium soy sauce is still high in salt. What methods or ingredients have others here used to cook tasty Asian and Mexican meals without high levels of sodium? (Yep, already use citrus juices.) I've already checked this Chow low sodium thread: http://www.chowhound.com/topics/31794... and this one as well: I'm specifically interested in techniques or suggestions for Asian / Mexican dishes. I use potassium chloride (NoSalt brand) salt substitute, which works fine when it's dissolved in soups or stews, but sprinkled on anything, it leaves me with a bitter aftertaste. Worcestershire sauce has been a God-send, and I've finally found a flour tortilla that has only 130 mg sodium per. I've tried Mrs. Dash herb mixes, but they taste like floor sweepings to me. (I haven't tried Penzey's yet.) However, on amazon.com I found a low/no sodium powdered chicken boullion that's not bad: Bernard's Low Sodium Chicken Soup & Gravy Base. IIRC, only 6 mg sodium per 8 oz serving prepared. I see Minor's has also introduced low sodium chicken, beef and vegetable bases, so I'll be trying those. Or is my only alternative to restrict my consumption of these foods to one or two bites? In your mind what makes a dish 'Mexican'? If you makes things from scratch you can control the salt levels directly, without having to read the fine print. There are few Mexican items that require store bought sauces and spice mixes. Cilantro, cumin, whole dried and fresh chiles, Mexican oregano, and limes are some of the flavorings that come to mind. I'd have double check this, but I think corn tortillas don't have added salt. Flour tortillas can be high in salt, but you can make these at home. Canned beans will have salt, though you can remove some of this by rinsing. You can control the salt if you cook beans from scratch. You might also be able to reduce the total sodium level by undersalting dishes during cooking, and using a light sprinkling of coarse salt at the table. To my thinking (such as it is), any dish with roots or significant influence anywhere in Mexico is Mexican, and I'll also include Tex-Mex. For example, when I lived in Texas I loved carne guisada, but here in California, it's rare, if you can find it at all. Is there a taste difference between Mexican oregano and standard oregano off my grocer's jarred spice shelves? You can buy a celo package of Mexican oregano for less than a dollar from the spice rack in Mexican groceries and aisles. It is also served as a condiment when you order a soup like posole or menudo. It is also an ingredient in bare-bones Texas style chili (no beans, tomatoes etc). I keep some in a small jar, and crumble a pinch in various Mexican style dishes. My thinking is that a few spices like this, along with fruits and vegetables (like avocado, tomatoes, zucchini, Mexican (gray) zucchini, jicama, etc) can give you Mexican style meals without sodium heavy sauces and premade items. Mexican Oregano is a completely different spices (its not really Oregano). There are similarities (leading the Spanish to misname it) and can be interchanged to some degree but if you pay close attention they are different. There is another side to the Sodium equation... the more Potassium (its Antidote in the body's fluid balance mechanism) you consume... the more Sodium you can consume safely. So if you need to sneak in some processed food... make sure to have a lot of potassium rich fresh fruit to balance out. I too am on a low sodium diet (2000 mg.) I can totally relate with you about grocery shopping and reading EVERY label. Been doing this for 2 mos. now and I am loving it. Regarding corn tortillas, I found that AZTECA makes a awesome corn tortilla. They are my new replacement for bread. In 3, there is 150 calories, 15 from fat, 0 cholesterol and the best part, 0 SODIUM. That's right, 0 SODIUM. I just wanted to share this info. Thanks. Mexican food: I'm with paulj--making everything yourself is not dificult and you can control the salt. Asian food: yes, I need to use fish and soy sauces, but do so sparingly. I've had to go really low sodium for health reasons too, and being a total foodie and an asian, this was a tough proposition. So instead of going out and eating, I really needed to start making my food at home so I can control my sodium intake. The salt-free restriction has opened up a new world of creative cooking, so here are my tips for ya! - Spice spice spice! I loaded up my cabinet with cumin, onion powder, tumeric, tarragon, chilli powder, mild rice vinegar, ginger powder, grand marsala and coconut milk. - So fresh and so minty: i stocked up on Mint which to my surprise actually seems to bring out the saltiness of chicken without adding any salt. Mix this with serrano peppers, garlic, chili powder, dill, cumin and cilantro, you got yourself a mighty yummy thai-inspired dish. So while you're right that you have to avoid soy sauce rich Chinese and Korean dishes, I've discovered a whole new world of spicy thai style cooking. Something I've discovered is that putting lemon or lime juice in almost anything really reduces that amount of salt needed. Lime is a natural in Tex-mex! I make my own taco spice mix, which contains no salt. With lime juice, I only needed to add 1/2 tsp of salt to 1 1/2 lbs of ground beef for tacos. And no one noticed. We also make our own salsa. I use salt-free diced tomatoes and Victorian Epicure salsa spice mix. Really easy and MUCH lower in sodium than purchased products. Victorian Epicure also has low sodium beef, chicken and vegetable bouillion mixes. They really aren't that great in a mug, but are wonderful for making soups etc. For stir-fries, I often use balsamic vinegar or worchestershire sauce (which is lower in sodium than low-sodium soy sauce...at least the brands we have here) I, too, am still looking for ways to lower the sodium in Asian food!
(written from a Production point of view) |Date of birth:||10 April 1924| |Place of birth:||Brooklyn, New York, USA| |Date of death:||31 January 2007| |Place of death:||Fremont, New Hampshire, USA| Character actor Lee Bergere (10 April 1924 – 31 January 2007; age 82) played the Excalbians' recreation of Abraham Lincoln in the Star Trek episode "The Savage Curtain". He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Joseph Arlington Aynders on the television series Dynasty, from 1981 through 1983. Co-starring with him on this series was fellow TOS guest performer Joan Collins. Bergere also co-starred with James Cromwell on the short-lived 1975 sitcom Hot L Baltimore and also had a recurring role as Justin Nash during the eighth season of Falcon Crest. Other TV series he has appeared on include Perry Mason, The Addams Family (with Ted Cassidy), My Favorite Martian (with Ray Walston and Michael Barrier), and Mission: Impossible (with Noel De Souza, Lee Duncan, Joseph Ruskin, Kathie Browne, Karl Bruck, John Crawford, and Patrick Horgan). He also appeared alongside Kathie Browne in an episode of The Wild Wild West called "The Night of The Colonel's Ghost". In addition, Bergere had roles in two epic mini-series featuring TNG actor Jonathan Frakes. The first was 1985's North and South, co-starring Kirstie Alley, Jean Simmons, and David Ogden Stiers. The following year, Bergere and Frakes appeared in Dream West, with F. Murray Abraham, John Anderson, James Cromwell, Michael Ensign, Alice Krige, Matt McCoy, Glenn Morshower, Fritz Weaver, Noble Willingham, and Anthony Zerbe. On stage, Bergere appeared in several notable productions, including a revival of Man of La Mancha starring Richard Kiley. He also had a supporting role in the 1969 film Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, in which Celeste Yarnall also had appeared. Twenty years later, he starred in the science fiction film Time Trackers. Bergere passed away in New Hampshire in January 2007. He was 82 years old. His career spanned six decades and over 200 television shows.
Mobile bicycle rental business offers direct deliveryLocal man offers variety of biycle rentals Belfast — Bicycle enthusiasts and casual riders alike will have even easier access to their two-wheeled vehicle of choice this summer with the introduction of a new mobile rental service that brings the bicycles to you. Chris Gardner, a self-described bike industry fanatic, started thinking about the bike rental business and what would fit best in Belfast. He noticed there wasn’t a strong bike rental service available in the area and that's when Maine Bicycle Rental was born, but he added a twist — his business would deliver the bikes directly to the customer. “I figured it made sense to offer delivery. Basically, the way we work is that we take reservations and deliver the bikes to your location. We’ll then pick them up at the end of the day or at the end of the rental period,” Gardner said. Currently, Maine Bicycle Rental offers three products: a folding bike that can be easily assembled or disassembled for storage in the trunk of a car or the cabin of a boat; an electric bike powered by a lithium battery that offers power on demand and child trailers that can be attached to the bikes and carry up to 100 pounds. “We’re also looking at adding some trailer bikes that attach to the bike and sort of transform it into a tandem bike. That would be more for kids between the ages of six and 10,” Gardner said. “The child trailers are really great for kids up to five years old.” At the moment, Gardner’s business is strictly mobile, but he does plan to set up a small kiosk on Main Street across from Rollie’s Bar and Grill. The kiosk will make information available about the rentals as well as allow customers to rent or reserve the bikes. Gardner said his business will be seasonal with most of his business coming during July and August, but he does have plans to expand if demand is high enough. “We started Memorial Day weekend and I was really happy with the business we got right away. I think from the customers point-of-view the delivery service is a huge plus,” he said. Maine Bicycle Rental offers delivery service to residents within a 15-mile radius of Belfast, which includes Bayside, Lincolnville, Northport, Searsport and Stockton Springs. Gardner said because the business is seasonal at the moment it makes more sense to remain mobile versus leasing a space year round. As the business grows, Gardner hopes to be able to offer more services and continue expanding the coverage area for service. “We have a web site and we’re working on building that out so that you can make reservations online. I also would like to produce more ride maps, so people know where to go,” Gardner said. The possibility of offering guided bicycle tours, especially with the electric bicycles, is definitely an option Gardner would like to explore in the future. “I haven’t gotten any requests yet for guided tours, but that is something that is definitely an option for growth,” he said. Maine Bicycle Rental is open seven days a week and deliveries are available between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. but Gardner said the hours are fairly flexible. A helmet and bicycle lock are provided with all rentals. For more information about Maine Bicycle Rental go to www.mainebicyclerental.com or look for Gardner’s kiosk on sunny days across from Rollie’s Bar and Grill. Republican Journal reporter Ben Holbrook can be reached at 338-3333 or at email@example.com.
Memphis Blues 1927 - 1938 The Memphis Blues Vol 2 (1927-1928) Ollie Rupert, vocal, accompanied by possibly Will Weldon, guitar and possibly Will Shade, guitar. Walter Rhodes, vocal, accordion accompanied by “Pet” and “Can”, guitar duet. Pearl Dickson, vocal, accompanied by “Pet” and “Can”, guitar duet. Madelyn James, vocal accompanied by Judson Brown, piano; And others… Charlie “Bozo” Nickerson, vocal, piano Sam Townsend, vocal, guitar Hattie Hart, vocal, accompanied by Allen Shaw, vocal guitar; Willie Borum, vocal guitar. George Torey, vocal guitar. John Henry Barbee, vocal, guitar, accompanied by Willie Bee James; Unknown, stand-up bass Genres: Country Blues, Memphis Blues, Country Blues Guitar, Country Blues Piano, Informative booklet notes by Kip Lornell. The city of Memphis has been linked with the blues since W.C. Handy updated 'Boss' Crump's political campaign song of 1909 and published it as 'The Memphis Blues' in 1912. This was, of course, a formal composition but when 'race' recordings really took off in the 1920's a whole underworld of blues activity was discovered to be in existence in the city, centred on the 'black' thoroughfare of Beale Street. Beale was rough; joints such as Pee Wee's, The Hole In The Wall and Jim Kanane's revelling in a reputation for having a man for breakfast' everyday - even though 'you never find a dead Nigger on Beale'; the implication being that bodies were quickly hauled out and dumped elsewhere. But there was another side to the Memphis Blues. It was born from the Country Blues, predominantly from the south, Tennessee and north Mississippi areas, which were drawn in by Afro-Americans from outlying rural areas looking for work and bringing their music with them. Memphis was evidently a lively town and that reflected in the music that could be found there, particularly in blues and jazz that could be found in the Beale Street area. The second of two powerful volumes (see also Document DOCD-5014), this CD presents another twenty five tracks of superb country blues from the “pre-war” period. Continued... More Info >>
Monday, 30 March 2015 Last updated 50 min ago Dec 6 2012 | 11:05am ET The British Virgin Islands is making it easier for smaller hedge funds to make their home in the offshore financial center. The British Virgin Islands Financial Services Committee on Monday will begin offering a new investment management license for non-institutional firms running small and medium-sized funds. The new rules streamline the regulatory matters facing such firms, which the BVI say do not pose a systemic risk to the financial system. The new licenses cover BVI-domiciled funds with at least US$400 million in assets under management for open-ended funds and US$1 billion for closed-ended funds. Mar 9 2015 | 6:35am ET As more investors look to diversify, many are beginning to use retirement funds to invest in alternative assets such as private equity and real estate. Kelly Rodriques, CEO & President of PENSCO Trust Company, explains how companies can connect with those looking to use their retirement accounts in a different way. Read more… Mar 20 2015 | 12:45pm ET StreetWise Partners, a non-profit organization that works with low-income individuals to help them overcome employment barriers, raised over $275,000 at the 2015 Raising the Ante Charity Poker Tournament and Casino Event last Wednesday evening at Capitale. Here are some photos from the event. Read more…
Overdyed washed canvas tote with rugged leather finishes and brass accents. Front zip pocket and zip closure on main chamber. Removable and adjustable shoulder strap in a durable cotton webbing. Lined interior, with additional storage compartments. *By Bed Stu Dimensions: 17” x 20”
Washington, Apr 20: A new documentary chronicling sex abuse in Hollywood is set to reveal more details on director Bryan Singer, who has been accused of sexually abusing actor Michael Egan on the set of X-Men. Director Amy Berg has been working on the film, which aims to uncover sex abuse in Hollywood, since 2012, Gawker reported. Berg is well known in the film community for her Academy-award nominated documentary “Deliver Us From Evil,” which highlighted sex abuse in the Catholic Church. A source said that the film crew was investigating cases of child molestation in connection with Egan. (ANI)
The California Health Benefit Exchange board is hoping to get retail stores to provide in-store enrollment assistance for the state's Covered California individual health insurance exchange. To participate in "Tier 1 retail partnerships" with the Covered California exchange, a store would have to get employees trained and certified as providers of in-person assistance, according to a written presentation prepared by Thien Lam, a deputy director at the board. Members of the Covered California enrollment team believe that retail stores are good vehicles for reaching uninsured residents where they live, work and play, Lam said. "Retail stores cater to a wide variety of consumers in various age groups, culturally diverse populations, and consumers with varying income levels," Lam said. Covered California can use in-store market to give consumers the idea that they can use "one-stop shopping" to look at Covered California products as well as to buy groceries and pick up prescriptions, Lam said. Stores not willing or able to get employees certified as in-person assisters could provide Tier 2 marketing support, by helping with marketing, education and referral activities, but not with actual enrollment services, and other stores could provide Tier 3 support, by putting up posters, distributing flyers and adding messages about Covered California to store bags and cash register receipts, Lam said. The California exchange board was preparing to consider the proposal at a meeting last week. Health Access Blog reported that the board had to postpone consideration of many items on the agenda. The board spent more time than it expected hearing comments from members of the public who crowded into the meeting to ask the board to translate its website into all of the 13 languages that the California Medicaid program now serves, not simply in English and Spanish. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (PPACA) requires state and federal agencies to set up exchanges, or Web-based health insurance supermarkets, by Oct. 1, with the coverage sold through the exchanges to start taking effect by Jan. 1, 2014. Initially, the exchanges will be open to individuals and small groups. States can set up their own exchanges or turn the job over to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. California intends to run its own exchange programs, and it hopes to enroll 1.4 million people into coverage through the exchange by the end of 2014. HHS has proposed to have exchanges set up ombudsman programs, or "Navigator" programs, to ensure that low-income people, uninsured people, and other people who may be unfamiliar with health insurance get the kind of assistance that agents and brokers have traditionally provided for people who have health coverage. The Navigators can include brokers, but they cannot get compensation from the insurers selling products through a state's PPACA exchange program, HHS officials have said. A state cannot require all Navigators to have producer licenses, because the language in PPACA requires that a state offer consumers access to at least two different types of Navigators, but a state can require Navigators to meet certification requirements similar to the requirements that producers meet, as long as the Navigators don't have to be identified as agents, brokers or producers, HHS officials have said in an answer to frequently answered questions. HHS officials also have recommended that states set up a corps of certified in-person assisters, to provide help for individuals who seek face-to-face assistance.
|Page: 1 of 1||Sort By:| Phelps, New York Hotels & Resorts - Step back to a time of romantic, colonial quiet and simplicity. The 200 year old Yorkshire Inn has been beautifully remodeled to include modern conveniences Find great deals on quality Phelps, New York hotels & resorts, or indulge at one of our luxury resorts. Take advantage of the many amenities that can be included with your stay such as in-room internet access, wifi, room service, fitness center, pool, hot tub, steam room, and shuttle services to and from the airport. Browse our Phelps, New York hotels and resorts and plan your Phelps, New York vacation today!
Did Swellow at least manage to land an attack? Did Swellow at least manage to land an attack? "Fear is Freedom! Subjugation is Liberation! Contradiction is Truth! These are the truths of the world! Surrender to these truths, you pigs in human clothing!" V | Faction You can find me over at Bulbagarden's Forums now! So, latios huh? This battle was epic. Swellow was a good choice for Ash. Sceptile and Swellow are damn fast. And according to me Pikachu was now the one in need of some wins. We were ignoring that little mouse. Pikachu is also strong one. In the end I think Ash said "I'll be the greatest Pokemon Master one day!" and Dawn said "I'll be the greatest Co-ordinator there is" Then Brock must have thought that he must think about his goal. Barry rushed out of the scene having a rushed ending as Barry does it always. Goodbye Barry you were an awesome character -_- All I can say is: Terrible ending to a bad series. It's no mystery that Takuto was just a cheap device to rush the DP ending. I'm both glad and sad that DP has ended. Glad because it sucked of its unneccessary stretch, painful fillers and then rushed ending. It should have ended year or two ago already. Sad because I know that Isshu will be even worse. Still, Takuto is nothing compared to Red (different canons, but still). Using ubers is n00bish. This is the only time I ever regretted that the tiers thingy doesn't exist in canon. After 12 years of being a Pokemon fan, I'm officially quitting the fandom. This is not a rage quit and it has nothing to do with the Pokemon franchise. It's also NOT a sudden decision - I've planned it for months but I decided to stay a true, active Pokemon fan until the very last day. The reason for my leave is the fact that I'm starting my studies at the Uni and I decided that it's a perfect moment to move on with my life. I'll never forget all these awesome years and Pokemon will always be a part of my childhood memories. Goodbye friends! Thank you. And if I'm ever back, I'm never back for good. Personally, I would have preferred something other than Latios. Like, a strong, non-Legendary Pokemon. I don't like the idea that Takuta has a bunch of Legendary Pokemon on his team. Darkrai, I can deal with it, it's cheap, but I can deal with it. If he sent out something like Zoroark or Salamence, I would have been okay with it. Two Legendary Pokemon was overkill, imo. I felt pretty good with this ending. If it wasn't for an overpowered Takuto, Satoshi probably would have won the tournament. The fact that his Sceptile and Pikachu took down two legendaries, Darkrai and Latios, are more than enough to satisfy me~ I really did wish they had played an image song or an insert song like they have been doing with all the other awesome moments in DP. If we don't see Takuto in the next saga, I would say the ending was really awful. That being said, HURRAY for Ash!!! Another Version Entei-Based: Credit goes to Eeveerose I miss the Johto Games and wish they would remake them on the DS. If you agree, copy and paste this into your sig. (started by 4th Generation Master) I want a all region game made on DS. If you agree, copy and paste this into your sig. (started by PokemonFan_Samuel) I can't say I like the fact that Takuto had 2 legendaries. I'd rather have enjoyed the remainder of Ash's poke'mon fighting Takuto's normal poke'mon. That is to say Sceptile beating another normal poke'mon after taking out Darkrai. Swellow gets 2 wins, and Pikachu another 1. I don't mind if Ash lost after that. But it could've been worse. And with which attack was Darkrai K.Oed? This definetely places Sceptile as Ash's Strongest Pokemon. Far above Charizard. Moan all you want Charizard lovers. Poor Torkoal ko'ed in 1 hit shame was expecting more, maybe he should of started with Over heat against darkrai instead of Flamethrower. I wonder what the final 4 pokemon are for Takuto? this could be strong indication he has 6 legendaries? he may also have latios's counterpart Latias?( forgot its name xD). Pauls battle was still epic though better then this roflpwn. Shame they had to rush the league ( Stupid pokemon contests - Needs to go it's pointless and waste of time!. Ash could be shown training his pokemon more often if it wasnt for crappy contests). I was totally shocked that Latios was the big boss to be defeated in the end. I thought Darkrai would be the boss Ash had to overcome to win the battle. He beat it and then we get Latios out of left field it seems. I was proud of Pikachu though since it tied with a Legendary but the rest of the battle was horrible, even if I did know it would be really short. Ash's defeat personally stung :x Sorry to disagree with you Byakuya, Charizard would own Sceptile in a battle any day of the week. Remember, Darkrai also got hit by Gible and Heracross before succumbing to Sceptile. I agree that Sceptile is gonna be Ash's #2 though. Though to be fair this defeat was expected that he would be hammered even after defeating paul. just didnt think the defeat would be this severe? Maybe the writers should of let Ash use all his strongest pokemon ?? Infernape ( if not too injured?) Even if its not much varied in types go for brute power might of lasted longer will never know. Id love to see a fight between Sceptile v Charizard even though type disadvantage Sceptile would win!. Charizard isnt even a pokemon Trainer by Ash for the most part!. Sceptile is even though he's been at Oaks for a while now, Sceptile is stronger thats reality. The "using ubers is n00bish" mindset is idiotic. They're all Pokemon, you use whatever Pokemon you want legendary or not. Takuto is using the Pokemon that he feels will help him achive victory and it worked. The guy has these legendary Pokemon. He'd be a fool if he didn't use them. Torterra hasn't won but it's battled well and is still learning it's trade shame it never learnt Solar Beam. That was disappointing, he had a move in Synthesis he Barely used what was the point in keeping it?? Solar Beam was the better choice. But Torterra is open to being replaced by Donphan Anyway, might as well get this out of the way for the complainers.. Ash is the only person in the entire region of Sinnoh, to have beaten Takuto's Darkrai. Doesn't that say enough? Even moreso, he beat the monster AFTER DARKRAI as well.. That's probably the best outcome anybody has ever done against him.. That's why Ash was so happy during the finals! Takuto beat that trainer with only Darkrai, making him come the closest to beating the Sinnoh League Champion! Two legendaries might be cheap, but Ash put up a hell of a fight. It's like AG.. Ash has to deal with this beat two legendaries quota.. A flying from a past region and one from the current! xD Why would you want Swellow to get two wins? Its Ash's worst bird, maybe fastest, but it has nothing else that the others don't have. Answer to all the bad things in the world: Give up on trying to make everything better. Hence, accepting it for what it is. YOLO! <- Click the link and daw.. -.- So a Leaf Blade took out Darkrai. I was hoping Solar Beam atleast! Donphan's a good choice, but I still think that Muk and Kingler could've pulled off a better job.But Torterra is open to being replaced by Donphan As we wind on down the road~
"My true role is that of a 'teacher.' My subject is human development, as it allows people to live together harmoniously." Hidy Ochiai, a native of Japan and an U.S. citizen, came to the United States in 1962 with the mission of teaching the martial arts. In 1966, after receiving his B.A. from Albright College, Master Ochiai moved to Binghamton, NY and established Washin-ryu (wa–harmony, shin–truth) Karate-do in the United States. Washin-ryu now includes 25 branch schools across the United States. From 1967-1980, Master Ochiai established himself as one of the world's premier martial artists. He was rated the number one kata (form) competitor by the PKA (Professional Karate Association), having won the United States Grand National Karate Championship for five consecutive years, an unduplicated record. He has been inducted twice to the Black Belt Magazine's Hall of Fame in 1979 as “Instructor of the Year” and in 1980 as “Man of the Year.” In 2004, Hidy Ochiai was inducted to the Martial Arts History Museum's Hall of Fame in Los Angeles. He received a record number of votes. In 2001 Hidy Ochiai founded the Hidy Ochiai Foundation, which encompasses his philosophy and life-long teachings, the basis of which is expressed in the dynamic relationship between the mind and the body. With training, the mind and the body become unified in such a way that the individual becomes the true master of the self. Dedicated to promoting the principles of non-violence, the Foundation especially focuses on helping children and young adults learn and practice a positive and peaceful way of life – based on respect, self-discipline, self-confidence and mental and physical health, so they become constructive citizens, living in harmony with others. Hidy Ochiai is the author of five books, including two comprehensive texts on self-defense, The Complete Book of Self-Defense and Hidy Ochiai's Self-Defense for Kids: A Guide for Parents and Teachers. His book, A Way to Victory: Miyamoto Musashi's Book of Five Rings is an English translation and commentary of Musashi's ancient text and represents a seven-year effort to render the wisdom and spirit of Musashi's timeless teachings. First released in Japan, A Way to Victory has been republished in the United States by the Overlook Press. Additionally, he created two permanent college course offerings for the State University of New York first, "Zen and the Martial Arts of Japan" in the Anthropology Department at Binghamton University and secondly, “Self-defense in the Martial Arts” for the School of Professional Studies at SUNY-Cortland. His accomplishments have been praised by the media both nationally and internationally, including Black Belt Magazine, and ABC's Wide World of Sports, You Asked For It, and ESPN. In 1994, Hidy Ochiai founded the non-profit organization called the Educational Karate Program (EKP), which was validated by the NYS Education Department as a program suitable for all public schools in New York State. EKP teaches students of all ages an attitude of anti-drugs and anti-violence. EKP is currently taught in several hundred schools by over 800 certified teachers. Hidy Ochiai's humanitarian efforts have been recognized worldwide. He has been named a Paul Harris Fellow by Rotary International, is the recipient of the Albright College's 1999 “Distinguished Alumnus Award” and SERTOMA's 2001 “Service to Mankind Award.” On November 1, 2002, the Japanese Government honored Master Hidy Ochiai as “an ambassador” of traditional Japanese culture and art. His Excellency, Ryozo Kato, the Ambassador of Japan, recognized Hidy Ochiai during the Embassy's celebration of Japan's Culture Day, which was held at the Ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. Master Ochiai, was one of twelve traditional martial arts masters chosen by the Japanese government to receive this honor and recognition. In the pursuit and expression of his art, Hidy Ochiai's fundamental aim has been to help individuals walk the path of self-development with dignity. "To become a master of an art is a fine thing, and to become an expert of a craft is a great achievement in any person's life. But it is more important to become a master of the self – to exert control over oneself in life." Hidy Ochiai is perhaps best known for his spectacular demonstrations. He is considered to be one of the world's premier karate performers. His unique exhibitions have thrilled audiences from coast to coast at the nation's major tournaments, and the showman seldom fails to gain wild and enthusiastic ovations wherever he appears. The finale of his unusual demonstration occurs when he lies on a sharp bed of nails and permits an assistant to smash with a sledgehammer, several concrete slabs supported on Ochiai's stomach. He performed internationally in 1974 when he toured Europe as a member of the U.S. Professional All-Star Team along with Mike Anderson, Joe Lewis, Bill Wallace, Al and Malia Dacascos, Jeff Smith, Fumio Demura, Takayui Mikami, Howard Jackson, and Jim Harrison. One highlight of the star-studded tour came about when Ochiai performed before 7500 spectators at the Deutchlandhalle in West Berlin, one of the largest indoor arenas in Europe at the time. Ochiai's demo in the World Professional Karate Championships in Los Angeles took place before more than 10,000 spectators and was later televised twice nationwide on ABC's Wide World of Sports. As a form competitor, Ochiai was rated five consecutive times as the number one kata performer in the U.S. by Professional Karate Magazine. And though he slipped to the number two position in May of 1975, his impressive record is yet to be duplicated. Even before the kata ratings were conceived in late 1974, Ochiai had won top honors at the U.S. Pro/Am in Maryland, the Top 10 Nationals in Missouri and the USKA Grand Nationals in Wisconsin, an annual event. Known also as an excellent judge, Ochiai has collected awards at both the USKA Grand Nationals ('71 to '75) and AKA Nationals ('73 to '75). The veteran instructor/competitor operates 25 schools in New York and surrounding states, branching out from one location in 1970. Ochiai's headquarters in Vestal is said to be the single largest facility dedicated to the study of Martial Arts in existence today. To learn more about Hidy Ochiai visit his website www.HidyOchiai.com.
As of this writing, Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire and Oregon are the only five states that do not impose a sales tax. It isn’t necessary for you to be a resident of one of these states to shop there. In fact, doing some tax-free shopping in one of these states can save you money on your tax return if you itemize your deductions and take the state sales tax deduction. If you do this, you can’t deduct your state income tax payments too – you have to choose one or the other. The best part is that you can use the Internal Revenue Service optional sales tax tables to figure out how much your deduction will be.
Dru "Stylez" November 15 at 9:02pm I lost my orange 175 Echo star wraith on hole 16... 2nd shot left fringe before the Mando... name and number are on it... Reward for return :) Jeremy Gross November 13 at 6:21pm ATTENTION FRIENDS OF HORNING'S HIDEOUT... Round 2 of the Gross "N" Nasty Fall/Winter Tournament Series will be taking place this Saturday, November 15th, 2014. This tournament is open to all amateur disc golfers (no pdga pros). Registration Begins at 8am and runs till 9:30am. Bonus throw for a chance to win a special prize @ 9:30, followed by a brief players meeting, and a 10:00 Shotgun start. There will be two divisions, as always. Amateur Intermediate, and Amateur Advanced ... more ATTENTION FRIENDS OF HORNING'S HIDEOUT... Round 2 of the Gross "N" Nasty Fall/Winter Tournament Series will be taking place this Saturday, November 15th, 2014. This tournament is open to all amateur disc golfers (no pdga pros). Registration Begins at 8am and runs till 9:30am. Bonus throw for a chance to win a special prize @ 9:30, followed by a brief players meeting, and a 10:00 Shotgun start. There will be two divisions, as always. Amateur Intermediate, and Amateur Advanced. 36 spots available for each division. Tournament cap at 72 spots. Round 1 @ Buxton Woods was a blast! 10 prize packs for CTP's were disbursed, as well as $336 payed out to the top 1/3 of each division. Top 5 placed in their division will receive free entry to the finals @ Horning's on Saturday April 12th, 2015. (You must still pay your $4 day fee directly to the Horning's staff. Word on the street is that there may be a BASKET GIVEAWAY at the finals. In order to play in the finals, you must play in at least one of the 6 rounds of the series. $1 out of each players entry fee throughout the 6 rounds will be added cash to the FINALS payout. You did not have to play in the 1st tournament, in order to play in this one. Everyone is welcome to play. (amateurs that is) Tournament fashion will be the same layout: 1 round of random doubles on Canyon Course, followed by a round of singles on the Highland Course. Your score from the doubles round carries over to your singles round. In between the rounds, there will be a lunch break, and a quick target throw opportunity, that will give you a chance to pad your score. Cash payout and Prize disbursement at the end of the day. Register online by going to discgolfscene.com. Click the tournaments tab, and select Gross "N" Nasty Round 2, from the list of tournaments, or register day of at Canyon 1st tee box. Look for the black canopy. The url address below will take you directly to the tournament page on discgolfscene. Simply, copy and paste it. Check us out on discgolfscene: $12 to play. $4 to Horning's Hideout. $16 total. You pay the $4 directly to Horning's as you pull in. ACE pot and 10 CTP opportunities included. ACE pot is currently sitting at $42, and $1 from every golfers tournament fees will be added to it for saturdays' ACE pot. Check out our website by copy and pasting the address below. All Courses will be open to the public during this event. I look forward to seeing you all at Round 2. GO DISC GOLF!!! Lucky . August 5 at 8:49pm REWARD IF FOUND!!!!!! I lost a early run Twelve time firebird on hole 3 of canyon. It is 164 grams and its day glow green. Or it was at one point. Lol. I will shell out a 20$ bill plus give you a pick of one disc out of my collecters stash or two discs out of my ganeric plastic stash. Thats alot of love for the return of one beat up firebird that really isnt worth much to anybody but me. In addition. I will drive where ever i have to to retrive my disc and hook you up with your awsome reward. ... more REWARD IF FOUND!!!!!! I lost a early run Twelve time firebird on hole 3 of canyon. It is 164 grams and its day glow green. Or it was at one point. Lol. I will shell out a 20$ bill plus give you a pick of one disc out of my collecters stash or two discs out of my ganeric plastic stash. Thats alot of love for the return of one beat up firebird that really isnt worth much to anybody but me. In addition. I will drive where ever i have to to retrive my disc and hook you up with your awsome reward. Name and number is on the disc. Disc is in the rough short of the basket somewhere. Hope it finds its way home. Mr CLEAN July 29 at 3:39am HUK FOR INDY... WHO HAS MY GLOW 1st RUN KATANA FROM THE CTP THROW OFF or MY HOMIES WARLOCK ~GO TO PUTTER~ FROM THE RING OF FIRE? Thomas "T" D. June 9 at 1:23pm Sunday I lost my favorite putter over the edge of hole 7 about 2/3 of the way down the fairway. Its a red XD-DX with my name and an old number on it. If you find it, please leave it with Washboard Mike. If you leave your name and number, I will see that you are rewarded as promised on the disc. It is my very first putter and the oldest disc I own. I really would like to get it back. Thanks!! Adam Silva June 6 at 5:01pm 6th Annual Brenen Jones Open 6/21/2014 Reminder: Bring your own partner Doubles Tournament to benefit the American Cancer Society. 6/21 @ Horning's. Registration and information @ www.discgolftournament.weebly.com All Horning's courses will be open to the public during this event. Dru "Stylez" May 26 at 10:21pm I LOST my Tie Dye Pink 2x Champion Beast On Hole #18 Meadow Ridge... Deep Left into Wedding Area... Name and Number should be on it... Please Call... Reward if Found :) Daneger Jones May 9 at 3:31pm Lost a inked up, worked over white star tee rex at canyon somewhere. No obvious name or number but it is an ace disc so my name is on it somewhere. Maybe someday it will work its way back to me. Russ Brown April 21, 2014 at 3:18pm I lost a transparent smoke colored w/blue foil ROC3 on the 420 hole (#9) at the tournament on 4/19. It hit a tree and kick left into the clear cut ¾ of the way down. Name and number on it... Alvin Natarte April 17, 2014 at 4:51pm Can anyone tell me if its too late to sign up for and play the saturday 4-19 dubs? Nick Nisbet April 11, 2014 at 10:49pm Found a disc on hole 4 of canyons today. No name or number, let me know if you lost one there. Lost my white star TL on hole 10 of canyons as well. Does have my name and number, but it flexed over the creek, pretty sure that one's gone. Jonathan Long March 30, 2014 at 5:55pm Yo!!! I Lost a green pearly sidewinder with no name on hole 10 yesterday on Meadow. It made it all the way thru the tunnel and possibly cut rolled around and down to 14's basket / 15's teepad. If anyone finds it, I would be super happy if I got it back. I would definitely spot someone some $$$ if it was returned. My # is 503.383.1057 --- Thanks Miles Murray February 12, 2014 at 6:30pm How are All 3 courses looking after this last storm? We are thinking about coming up to play this Sunday. Any updated info would be greatly appreciated. Thanx! Logan Van Diepen November 21, 2013 at 10:36am Lost a Prodigy Proto F7 on hole 1 of Meadow Ridge Course. Sat the 18th. White, name/number on it. Hit a tree midway down and bounced right. Could not find it in the leaves. Thanks. Thomas "T" D. September 13, 2013 at 10:50am When did the Canyon become a Par 59?? 16 par 3's and 2 par 4's makes it 56. Stop changing the course stats when you shoot a crappy round Peeps!! Thomas "T" D. September 5, 2013 at 11:20pm Hornings Hideout will be closed for fishing, camping and disc golf until September 10th for the Warrior Dash!!! Please plan accordingly Peeps!!! Taylor Campos July 27, 2013 at 9:56pm Lost my number one go to putter on my drive on hole 9 I believe while I was playing during the chick flick today, it's a white latitude spike let me know if ya find it or just turn it in please I already miss it! On top of the bad luck and losing that disc I did ace two of the highlands holes with my other spike during the same round:) Thomas "T" D. July 26, 2013 at 11:26am The 2013 Chick Flick is this weekend at Hornings!!! I dont know why it doesnt have a post on DGS because it is a Premiere Ladies Only Event. Get out and support the ladies at Hornings Hideout. There may be a need for caddies if you are so inclined. Thomas "T" D. July 16, 2013 at 10:39am Just a reminder to any disc golfers planning on playing Hornings. The park will be closed to disc golf and is being prepared for a music festival. The park will be open NEXT WEDNESDAY. Dont make the long drive for nothing. There's Stub Stewart right down Hiway 26.
FOCUS: The Pew Center on the States Report: Beyond California: States in Fiscal Peril Beyond California: States in Fiscal Peril, a report released by the Pew Center on the States on November 11, 2009, highlights the ten states troubled most by the recession: Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, and Wisconsin. Researchers identified six factors contributing to California's difficulties and used these as a scoring system for the other states: loss of state revenues; the relative size of budget gaps; increasing joblessness; high foreclosure rates; legal obstacles to balanced budgets—specifically, a supermajority requirement for tax increases or budget bills and poor money-management practices. Michigan received a score of 27, three points ahead of California's 30, but 10 points below the United States as whole at 17. Michigan's revenue change percentage was the highest at -16.50%. More Michigan Woe Forecast (Detroit News, 11/13/09) Michigan Will Be Among the Poorest States for Years, Study Says (Detroit Free Press, 11/12/09) Pew Study: Michigan on Track for California-Style Money Woes (Detroit News, 11/12/09) Study: Michigan Crumbles Under Outdated Tax System (Detroit Free Press, 11/11/09) In the Capitol The Michigan House of Representatives and Senate will be in session Wednesday, November 18 at 1:30 p.m. and 10 a.m. respectively. November 18 is the only anticipate session day for both chambers in the next two weeks. House Session Schedule Senate Session Schedule Committee Meetings of Interest for the Week of 11/16 11/17 House Judiciary: Corrections Reform Agenda: HB 4497 Restore good time system for all prisoners and eliminate disciplinary credits and disciplinary time; HB 4498 Eliminate provisions of prison code relating to disciplinary time and disciplinary credits and restore good time credits; HB 4499 Eliminate reference to disciplinary time in provisions concerning sentencing multiple felonies. 11/17 House Health Policy Agenda Item of Interest: HB 5043 Make license revocation or denial upon conviction of first, second, or third degree criminal sexual conduct permanent. 11/18 House Appropriations Agenda Item of Interest: HB 5592 Remove sunset on crime victim's rights fund excess revenue provision. 11/18 House Judiciary Agenda: HB 4403 Expand immunity for national ski patrol member to include nonski emergencies; HB 4098 Eliminate driver responsibility fee; HB 4101 Allow driver responsibility fee to be assessed for only 1 year instead of 2; HB 4604 Revise responsibility and payment method for driver responsibility fees; HB 4885 Revise jury pool selection process; HB 4886 Allow names and addresses of taxpayers to be disclosed to jury boards for selecting jury pools; HB 4969 Require use of e-verification system by employment agencies; HB 4355 Require state contractors to verify legal residency of employees; HB 5603 Revise procedures for imposing driver responsibility fee; and any other business properly before this committee. Litigation Section Position on HB 4403: Oppose SBM Position on HB 4885 and HB 4886: Support the Concept of Expanding Jury Pools Complete Committee Meeting List New Public Acts Legislation Introduced 11/10–11/12 Of Interest to the Legal Community HB 5592 Crime victims; rights; crime victim's rights fund excess revenue provision; remove sunset. HB 5601 Courts; juries; individuals who fail to return jury questionnaires; ensure continued eligibility for jury service. Of General Interest HJR OO Legislature; legislators; term limits; revise to combination of 14 years total legislative service. In the Hall of Justice 2009-18—Proposed Amendments of Rules 7.211, 7.313, and 8.119 of the Michigan Court Rules These proposed amendments of MCR 7.211, 7.313, and 8.119 would clarify that materials filed with a trial court, with the Court of Appeals, or with the Supreme Court that relate to a motion to seal a record are nonpublic until the court disposes of the motion. Issued: November 13, 2009 Comment period expires: March 1, 2010 Public hearing: To be scheduled 2009-01—Appointment of Chief Judges of Michigan Courts Issued: November 10, 2009 At the Bar The State Bar of Michigan's Public Policy, Image, and Identity Committee and the Board of Commissioners will meet on November 19, 2009. For more information, please contact firstname.lastname@example.org. Judicial Crossroads Task Force Committee Rosters Announced Young Lawyers Section Hosts November Food Drive and Networking Event Two Former SBM Presidents Elected to Cooley Board of Directors Sections and Committees The Real Property Law Section submitted a Public Policy report on SB 0791 Property; other; uniform real property electronic recording act; create. Creates new act. Supreme Court Weighs Juvenile Life Sentences (U.S. News, 11/11/09) For University of Michigan Innocence Clinic Students, Experience is the Best Teacher (Ann Arbor.com, 11/10/09) Grand Rapids Judge William B. Murphy Named New Chief Judge for Michigan Court of Appeals (Grand Rapids News, 11/10/09)
You don’t have to be an anti-natalist, much less some kind of nihilist, to defend the decision on the part of a majority of would-be mothers to abort fetuses showing signs of Down syndrome. But over at The Week, Pascal-Emmanuel Gobry sheds tears over the “ghosts” of Down syndrome babies who never were: I do not know a single family with a child with trisomy 21 who has not regarded them as a joy, much less regretted their existence. The expression “ray of sunshine” has become such a cliché, but here it is perfectly applicable. It’s always striking how joyous many people with trisomy 21, especially children, appear. Regardless of how one feels about abortion policy, this is a treachery of unspeakable magnitude that shames our entire society. We go about in the world surrounded by the ghosts we have made, and we do not even have the good taste to be haunted. If there is a God, we had better all pray that He is merciful. Whew, powerful words. Gobry acknowledges the generally observed intellectual disability that comes with DS, though he omits any mention of the increased risk of early dementia and even leukemia, among other ills. In fact here’s what the Alzheimer’s Association has to say about it: Studies suggest that more than 75 percent of those with Down syndrome aged 65 and older have Alzheimer’s disease, nearly 6 times the percentage of people in this age group who do not have Down syndrome. One is struck – or at least I am – by Gobry’s seeming embrace of individuals with DS due to their childlike qualities, to the detriment of a perspective taking into account the complete life cycle. And linking the discussion to abortion only strengthens the focus on DS’ early years. Gobry observes that on average, a person with DS “will have the intelligence of a normal 8 or 9 year old child.” Ah, but of course those are great years for parents, it’s no small thing to point out, sandwiched as they are between the chaotic toddler and rebellious teen phases. I suspect there’s more than a bit of warm, glowing self-interest smuggled into Gobry’s argument. DS last popped up in the news in mid-2014, when Richard Dawkins was being lambasted for suggesting would-be mothers of fetuses with DS “abort it and try again.” Blunt language to be sure, but as The American Interest’s Walter Mead (I think, there’s no byline) said at the time, most people would seem to agree. At least if we’re judging them by their actual behavior and not what they’d be brave enough to admit to in mixed company: One of the main reasons why people abort them is the same reason why people support physician assisted suicide and other “mercy killings”—because, the argument goes, one ought to spare someone from living a low quality of life. Writing in the Guardian, British philosopher John Gray (an atheist himself) takes a look at the ‘New Atheists’ and isn’t too impressed by what he sees. His attack on the idea that leftists ‘must’ be on the left is well worth noting, and is a helpful reminder that ‘secular humanism’ is not only mush, but presumptuous mush: [T]oday’s most influential atheists would no more endorse racist biology than they would be seen following the guidance of an astrologer. But they have not renounced the conviction that human values must be based in science; now it is liberal values which receive that accolade. There are disputes, sometimes bitter, over how to define and interpret those values, but their supremacy is hardly ever questioned. For 21st century atheist missionaries, being liberal and scientific in outlook are one and the same. It’s a reassuringly simple equation. In fact there are no reliable connections – whether in logic or history – between atheism, science and liberal values. Atheism or agnosticism are simply the absence of belief in a deity. It has no automatic ‘political’ consequences. That absence can sometimes incline the unbeliever to support profound illiberal ideologies (as Gray points out), but it can also lead him or her to do the opposite. A lack of belief will, by definition, mean that unbelievers reject the purported rationale of policies rooted in religious faith, but not always their utility. There have been many modern atheisms, some of them more cogent and more intellectually liberating than the type that makes so much noise today. Campaigning atheism is a missionary enterprise, aiming to convert humankind to a particular version of unbelief; but not all atheists have been interested in propagating a new gospel, and some have been friendly to traditional faiths. … Roughly speaking, an atheist is anyone who has no use for the concept of God – the idea of a divine mind, which has created humankind and embodies in a perfect form the values that human beings cherish and strive to realise. Many who are atheists in this sense (including myself) regard the evangelical atheism that has emerged over the past few decades with bemusement. Why make a fuss over an idea that has no sense for you? There are untold multitudes who have no interest in waging war on beliefs that mean nothing to them. Throughout history, many have been happy to live their lives without bothering about ultimate questions. This sort of atheism is one of the perennial responses to the experience of being human. And one that I share: “Ultimate questions”? There are better things to think about. On the other hand, it’s important to remember that, to borrow from that old Trotsky line, you may not have much interest in the beliefs of others, but those who follow those beliefs may have an interest in you. To that extent, arguing back against the very root of those beliefs can make a great deal of sense. Critical biblical scholarship served a very useful purpose in the 19th century, so would subjecting the Koran to the same treatment in the 21st. Gray attributes much of the rise of the New Atheists to 9/11, or rather its implications: For secular liberals of [Sam Harris’s] generation, the shock of the 11 September attacks went beyond the atrocious loss of life they entailed. The effect of the attacks was to place a question mark over the belief that their values were spreading – slowly, and at times fitfully, but in the long run irresistibly – throughout the world. As society became ever more reliant on science, they had assumed, religion would inexorably decline. No doubt the process would be bumpy, and pockets of irrationality would linger on the margins of modern life; but religion would dwindle away as a factor in human conflict. The road would be long and winding. But the grand march of secular reason would continue, with more and more societies joining the modern west in marginalising religion. Someday, religious belief would be no more important than personal hobbies or ethnic cuisines. Today, it’s clear that no grand march is under way. Though not all human beings may attach great importance to them, every society contains practices that are recognisably religious. Why should religion be universal in this way? For atheist missionaries this is a decidedly awkward question. Invariably they claim to be followers of Darwin. Yet they never ask what evolutionary function this species-wide phenomenon serves. There is an irresolvable contradiction between viewing religion naturalistically – as a human adaptation to living in the world – and condemning it as a tissue of error and illusion. What if the upshot of scientific inquiry is that a need for illusion is built into in the human mind? If religions are natural for humans and give value to their lives, why spend your life trying to persuade others to give them up? As a species, we appear to have a strong tendency towards religious belief for, doubtless, excellent reasons. When conventional religious belief fades, it is simply replaced by something else (there’s no better example of that than communism, essentially little more than a milleniallist cult, with a supernatural idea of history stepping in for more traditional gods). Raging against religious belief is as foolish (as I am not the first to observe) as raging against bipedalism. Secular sorts would do far better to focus their wrath on the more malign expressions of religious belief. All religions are not equal. An Anglican is not a Salafist. As you’d expect, Gray also turns his question to the notion of morality without God: The belief that the human species is a moral agent struggling to realise its inherent possibilities – the narrative of redemption that sustains secular humanists everywhere – is a hollowed-out version of a theistic myth. The idea that the human species is striving to achieve any purpose or goal – a universal state of freedom or justice, say – presupposes a pre-Darwinian, teleological way of thinking that has no place in science. Empirically speaking, there is no such collective human agent, only different human beings with conflicting goals and values. If you think of morality in scientific terms, as part of the behaviour of the human animal, you find that humans don’t live according to iterations of a single universal code. Instead, they have fashioned many ways of life. A plurality of moralities is as natural for the human animal as the variety of languages. At this point, the dread spectre of relativism tends to be raised. Doesn’t talk of plural moralities mean there can be no truth in ethics? Well, anyone who wants their values secured by something beyond the capricious human world had better join an old-fashioned religion. If you set aside any view of humankind that is borrowed from monotheism, you have to deal with human beings as you find them, with their perpetually warring values. This isn’t the relativism celebrated by postmodernists, which holds that human values are merely cultural constructions. Humans are like other animals in having a definite nature, which shapes their experiences whether they like it or not. No one benefits from being tortured or persecuted on account of their religion or sexuality. Being chronically poor is rarely, if ever, a positive experience. Being at risk of violent death is bad for human beings whatever their culture. Such truisms could be multiplied. Universal human values can be understood as something like moral facts, marking out goods and evils that are generically human. Using these universal values, it may be possible to define a minimum standard of civilised life that every society should meet; but this minimum won’t be the liberal values of the present time turned into universal principles. Universal values don’t add up to a universal morality. Such values are very often conflicting, and different societies resolve these conflicts in divergent ways…. The conviction that tyranny and persecution are aberrations in human affairs is at the heart of the liberal philosophy that prevails today. But this conviction is supported by faith more than evidence. Throughout history there have been large numbers who have been happy to relinquish their freedom as long as those they hate – gay people, Jews, immigrants and other minorities, for example – are deprived of freedom as well. Many have been ready to support tyranny and oppression. Billions of human beings have been hostile to liberal values, and there is no reason for thinking matters will be any different in future. No there is not. Food for thought. Read the whole thing. For a guy who laments moral relativism, Rod Dreher doesn’t shy away from equating ISIS, though with the expected qualifier, to the folks in Silicon Valley. Upon reading a dialogue between two future forecaster types at Edge.org – who talk about “useless” people (from an economic, military, and intentionally hyperbolic POV, let’s be clear) and the possibility of the very rich cheating death – he’s come away convinced that “slavery” will soon be at hand: This is the religion of the future. Slavery will come to us disguised as the light of liberty and progress. These are the barbarians coming to rule us — and the masses will welcome them. If you are not part of a church community that is consciously resisting this vision, then your children, or at best your children’s children, will be lost to the faith. There is no thought more corrupting to the human soul than the Serpent’s promise in Eden: “Ye Shall be as Gods.” Goodness, er, gracious. Dreher is disturbed by modernity, period, and for him Silicon Valley is symbolic of everything wrong with the (relatively) rationalist, reductionist tendency in the human affairs of the Global North. He blames the “barbarians” of Silicon Valley for being both elitist – e.g. with their talk of a technological “singularity” and interest in life extension – and down-to-earth in the worst way, by promoting “bread and circuses.” Think Netflix and Snapchat (or to get really granular, the animated gif keyboard). Some of what Dreher is criticizing is rightly considered problematic (to borrow a term from the left), such as long-term unemployment becoming the norm. And Dreher correctly points out that the trends being noticed in the conversation between Yuval Noah Harari and Daniel Kahneman aren’t necessarily being promoted. But the solution to these and other ills aren’t being obstructed by techno-optimists as much as they are anti-state libertarians (to call out “our” side), or the political dysfunction seemingly difficult to dislodge given increasing ideological rigidity. In any case, egghead utilitarians deliberating about how the masses will endure the end of work and ample food and entertainment is not at all on par with radical Islam. But that’s just my two cents. Or is that two bitcoins? Whatever. The Islamic State is now directing its wrath at Twitter. Namely its co-founder, Jack Dorsey, but also his underlings. And if you thought the Twitter Mob was bad, check out what happens when Twitter itself is in the crosshairs for wrangling with the ultra-reactionary: ISIS posted an online threat Sunday warning Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey that “your virtual war on the Internet will cause a real war on you.” The threat was posted in Arabic under a headline, “Foundation for the conquest of Jerusalem for the Islamic State,” and “Twitter a target for the caliphate.” “Jack, how will you protect your helpless employees when their necks are on the line and they become an official target for soldiers of the succession and their supporters among you?” the online post states. “What will be your response to their families and sons, and their plight in this failed war?” Oddly, ISIS has nothing to say about the awful, terrible and no-good lack of diversity at Twitter. It’s merely upset that the company is constantly taking down its videos. How selfish! Clearly the fledgeling Islamic State is not in tune with 21st century moral posturing. (Only 8th century beheadings.) Luckily for the civilized world, the hacktivist spirit that dwells within ISIS is also at work among its opponents. As CNN reports, someone going by the name of “The Jester” has been undermining online jihadis for nearly half a decade: “I realized something needed to be done about online radicalization and ‘grooming’ of wannabe jihadis, and we didn’t have mechanisms to deal with it,” Jester said in an interview with CNNMoney. “I decided to start disrupting them.” My black hat’s off to you, sir. Jamila Bey is a mom, a business owner, a Pittsburgh native—and a board member of the group American Atheists. She also, apparently, identifies as conservative. After introducing herself to the crowd, Bey used her three-minute spot to invite audience members to drop by the American Atheist table in the exhibition hall and learn more. Jamila Bey’s Twitter. Cross-posted on the Corner: Over in the Financial Times, there’s an interesting piece on Putin’s friends abroad, but this passage in particular caught my eye: The current Egyptian government believes that the Obama administration’s failure to support former President Hosni Mubarak, during the Egyptian revolution of 2011, revealed the US to be both duplicitous and naive. Hold that thought, now read this (from the Daily Telegraph) (my emphasis added): Islamic State militants are planning a takeover of Libya as a “gateway” to wage war across the whole of southern Europe, letters written by the group’s supporters have revealed. The jihadists hope to flood the north African state with militiamen from Syria and Iraq, who will then sail across the Mediterranean posing as migrants on people trafficking vessels, according to plans seen by Quilliam, the British anti-extremist group. The fighters would then run amok in southern European cities and also try to attack maritime shipping. The document is written by an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil) propagandist who is believed to be an important online recruiter for the terror in Libya, where security has collapsed in the wake of the revolution that unseated Colonel Gaddafi in 2011 . . . [British] security officials also share Isil’s view about the possibility of using people trafficking boats to smuggle fighters into Europe. Thanks to its vast, porous desert borders with Sub-Saharan Africa, Libya has long been a key operating hub for trafficking boats heading into Europe, but numbers have escalated dramatically since the collapse of the Gaddafi regime. Italy’s interior ministry estimates that at least 200,000 refugees and immigrants are poised to make the crossing from Libya to Sicily or the tiny island of Lampedusa, Italy’s southernmost territory. Last year more than 170,000 arrived in Italy by boat, including tens of thousands of Syrians fleeing the civil war in their home country. . . . Nasser Kamel, Egypt’s ambassador to London, warned Britain brace itself for ‘boats full of terrorists’ unless action was taken in Libya. He spoke after 2,164 migrants were rescued at sea in a 24-hour period over the weekend in what has been described as an ‘exodus without precedent’. “Those boat people who go for immigration purposes and try to cross the Mediterranean … in the next few weeks, if we do not act together, they will be boats full of terrorists also,” he said. . . . Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Isil’s leader, has since laid claim to Libya as part of his “Caliphate”. Whilst on the whole that remains more rhetoric than reality, support for the group in this war ravaged state is growing. In September, Abu Nabil, an Iraqi and key leader within Isil, travelled to the country to build support for the group. His men took control of much of Derna, a traditionally conservative city in the east of the country, that is now being run according to the extremist group’s strict Shariah law. Hundreds of Libyans who had travelled to fight alongside Isil in Syria have started to return to fight for the group on home turf, residents say. They have expanded the group’s influence into the east of the country, taking controlling of parts of Sirte, a former Gaddafi stronghold. Barack Obama (January 7, 2014) on ISIS: I think the analogy we use around here sometimes, and I think is accurate, is if a JV team puts on Lakers uniforms, that doesn’t make them Kobe Bryant. I think there is a distinction between the capacity and reach of a bin Laden and a network that is actively planning major terrorist plots against the homeland versus jihadists who are engaged in various local power struggles and disputes, often sectarian. And since then there has been the claim that ISIS is somehow “not Islamic.” The term “out of his depth” comes to mind. In this context, this lengthy, intriguing piece by Graeme Wood in The Atlantic on ISIS is very well worth your time. Its implications are terrifying. The Islamic State, also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), follows a distinctive variety of Islam whose beliefs about the path to the Day of Judgment matter to its strategy, and can help the West know its enemy and predict its behavior. Its rise to power is less like the triumph of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt (a group whose leaders the Islamic State considers apostates) than like the realization of a dystopian alternate reality in which David Koresh or Jim Jones survived to wield absolute power over not just a few hundred people, but some 8 million. The millennialist temptation takes many forms, is perennial and, at its worst, very, very dangerous, but it is not something that a president wrapped up in the soft certainties of the end of history can be expected to understand. The reality is that the Islamic State is Islamic. Very Islamic. Yes, it has attracted psychopaths and adventure seekers, drawn largely from the disaffected populations of the Middle East and Europe. But the religion preached by its most ardent followers derives from coherent and even learned interpretations of Islam. Virtually every major decision and law promulgated by the Islamic State adheres to what it calls, in its press and pronouncements, and on its billboards, license plates, stationery, and coins, “the Prophetic methodology,” which means following the prophecy and example of Muhammad, in punctilious detail. Muslims can reject the Islamic State; nearly all do. But pretending that it isn’t actually a religious, millenarian group, with theology that must be understood to be combatted, has already led the United States to underestimate it and back foolish schemes to counter it…. Following takfiri doctrine, the Islamic State is committed to purifying the world by killing vast numbers of people. The lack of objective reporting from its territory makes the true extent of the slaughter unknowable, but social-media posts from the region suggest that individual executions happen more or less continually, and mass executions every few weeks. Muslim “apostates” are the most common victims. Exempted from automatic execution, it appears, are Christians who do not resist their new government. Baghdadi permits them to live, as long as they pay a special tax, known as the jizya, and acknowledge their subjugation. The Koranic authority for this practice is not in dispute . . . Centuries have passed since the wars of religion ceased in Europe, and since men stopped dying in large numbers because of arcane theological disputes. Hence, perhaps, the incredulity and denial with which Westerners have greeted news of the theology and practices of the Islamic State. The incredulity and denial are true enough, and, ironically, Wood’s history (at this point) in a sense reflects very similar thinking. Contrary to his assertion, wars of religion (even if largely unacknowledged as such) did very nicely for themselves in Europe during the last century. Both communism and Nazism were, in many respects, millennialist cults (think of that “thousand year” Reich), and, as such cults can do, they killed millions. ISIS may well try the same. As for ISIS attacks on southern Europe (and in the end it would not just be southern Europe), it’s important to remember that the writings of one propagandist do not necessarily translate into deeds, but . . . As the atrocities in France and Denmark remind us, Europe’s intertwined immigration and Islamist crises are already bad enough. They may well be about to get much worse. Cross-posted on the Corner. A writer for the Guardian, on cue (my emphasis added): We are in perilous territory. Slaughter as political protest cannot be defended. Free speech as legal and moral pre-requisites in a free society must be defended. But there are also other obligations to be laid upon those who wish to live in peaceful, reasonably harmonious societies. Even after Paris, even after Denmark we must guard against the understandable temptation to be provocative in the publication of these cartoons if the sole objective is to establish that we can do so. With rights to free speech come responsibilities. After the uproar that followed the appearance of the original Mohammed cartoons, an article was published in Jyllands-Posten (the newspaper that first published those cartoons) included this phrase: “Ytringsfrihed er ytringsfrihed er ytringsfrihed. Der er intet men.” The translation? “Free speech is free speech is free speech. There is no but.” But there is. As I noted the other day, Jyllands-Posten is singing a different tune these days, made all the bleaker by its bluntness. The newspaper declined to republish the Charlie Hebdo cartoons after the Paris murders saying this: “We have lived with the fear of a terrorist attack for nine years, and yes, that is the explanation why we do not reprint the cartoons, whether it be our own or Charlie Hebdo’s,” Jyllands-Posten said. “We are also aware that we therefore bow to violence and intimidation.” In writing about the (first) Copenhagen murder last night, I linked to a 2010 Philadelphia Inquirer story that revealed how a number of the meetings due to be addressed by Lars Vilks (the artist whose event was attacked) had been canceled. If I had to guess, I suspect that those who, however sadly, canceled those events, are today feeling, however sadly, that they did the right thing. Violence works. There will be many more cancellations, many more invitations that go unissued, many more articles that do not get written, and many more cartoons that do not get drawn. The noose tightens a bit more. In a piece published by The Spectator before Copenhagen, Douglas Murray writes about a rally held in London a week or so ago: Yesterday in London a crowd of more than a thousand British Muslims (carefully divided between males and females) gathered outside Downing Street. The rally – organised by something calling itself ‘The Muslim Action Forum’ – was a protest against freedom of speech, specifically to cartoons of Mohammed in the French publication Charlie Hebdo. Among the banners carried by protestors were ones that read, ‘I am a servant of holy prophet Muhammad (pbuh)’, the sinister ‘We love prophet Muhammad (pbuh) more than our lives’, ‘Jesus and Moses were prophets of Islam’ and the even more presumptuous ‘Learn some manners’. Among those holding a banner reading ‘Charlie and the abuse factory’ was a little boy. Others bore banners with the fantastically awful words spoken by the Pope last month: ‘Insult my mum and I will punch you (Pope Francis).’ A large banner hung beneath the stage from which speakers addressed the crowd carried the barely concealed threat: ‘Be careful with Muhammad.’ Meanwhile a group of tribal leaders presented a petition to Number 10 Downing Street which they said had been signed by 100,000 UK Muslims criticising publications which ‘sow the seeds of hatred’…. Among the speakers was one Shaykh Tauqir Ishaw, a spokesman for the organisers who said: ‘Perpetual mistakes by extremists, either by cold-blooded killers or uncivilised expressionists, cannot be the way forward for a civilised society. The peace-loving majority of people must become vociferous in promoting global civility and responsible debate. At this time of heightened tension and emotion, it is crucial that both sides show restraint to prevent further incidents of this nature occurring.’ “Restraint.” “Responsibilities.” “But.” Of course much though these fanatics may like to pretend otherwise there are no ‘two sides’ of the same coin going on here. The ‘expressionists’ and the ‘terrorists’ are not ‘as bad as each other’. The only two things which are in fact conjoined are the people who use guns and bombs to terrorise people for exercising their rights as free Europeans and the very large number of people from the ‘moderate majority’ who back up such violence (even while, like yesterday’s speakers, claiming to deplore it) with warnings that non-Muslims should be ‘careful’ when addressing their religion. Writing in the New York Times, David Brooks frets about what non-believers, um, believe: Over the past few years, there has been a sharp rise in the number of people who are atheist, agnostic or without religious affiliation. A fifth of all adults and a third of the youngest adults fit into this category. As secularism becomes more prominent and self-confident, its spokesmen have more insistently argued that secularism should not be seen as an absence — as a lack of faith — but rather as a positive moral creed. Phil Zuckerman, a Pitzer College sociologist, makes this case as fluidly and pleasurably as anybody in his book, “Living the Secular Life.” Oh good grief… Secularism has “spokesmen”? Now it’s true that most people do want to have faith in something. That’s why so many supposedly secular philosophies are anything but (step forward, Karl Marx). But if there is anything that non-belief should not be it is a creed. In essence non-belief ‘says’ one of two things: Either that there is no God, or (in essence, I know it’s more complicated than this) that the existence of God is highly unlikely. That’s it. Move along, there’s (literally) nothing to see here. What’s on television tonight? From what Brooks says, Zuckerman’s “creed” appears to be some variant of the usual soft-left secular humanist mush. That’s for those who like that sort of thing, but only for those who like that sort of thing. I’ll pass, thanks. Brooks then worries about how hard it must be “to live secularism well”, claiming that secularists have to build their own moral philosophies (not really, accumulated traditions, societal and familial, often work out just fine – and they come with the plus of not needing too much thought), and that secularists have to build their own “communities” and “covenantal rituals”. They do? Why? Secular individuals have to build their own Sabbaths. Religious people are commanded to drop worldly concerns. Secular people have to create their own set times for when to pull back and reflect on spiritual matters. No they don’t “have” to. Quite a few secular individuals doubtless do feel a ‘God-shaped hole’, or some need for the transcendent, but, judging by my own experience, I suspect that there are plenty of others who do not. The amount of time I need “to pull back and reflect on spiritual matters”: zero. It’s easy, Mr. Brooks. If anything, what Brooks’s article shows is how difficult it is for some religious folk (particularly, I suspect, the more intellectual among them) to ‘get’ the fact that for some secularists at least, “spiritual matters” are not something they are too bothered about. Towards the end of the piece Brooks argues: It seems to me that if secularism is going to be a positive creed, it can’t just speak to the rational aspects of our nature. Secularism has to do for nonbelievers what religion does for believers — arouse the higher emotions, exalt the passions in pursuit of moral action. In a way Brooks is right. If secularism (which he appears to use as a synonym for atheism/agnosticism rather than, anything more specifically political or philosophical) is to be a ‘creed’, it would have to appeal to the irrational as well as the rational. That’s how creeds work (take another bow, Karl Marx!) but, to repeat myself, there is no reason why secularism in the sense that Brooks uses it has to be a creed. It can be a simple matter of observation (or, some might say, failure to observe), complete in itself. The only secularism that can really arouse moral motivation and impel action is an enchanted secularism, one that puts emotional relations first and autonomy second. I suspect that over the next years secularism will change its face and become hotter and more consuming, less content with mere benevolence, and more responsive to the spiritual urge in each of us, the drive for purity, self-transcendence and sanctification. “Enchanted secularism,” “the spiritual urge in each of us”? I’ll leave that sort of thing to the likes of Professor Dawkins and, my spiritual urges thankfully non-existent, revert to spending my time on something more fruitful. What’s on television tonight? ROME — A new Vatican document expresses a negative view of elective plastic surgery for women, warning that procedures such as facelifts and tummy tucks can become a form of “aggression” that threatens female identity. Surgical alterations in appearance, the document says, can “amputate the expressive possibilities of the human face, which are so connected to empathic abilities,” and “can be aggressive toward the feminine identity, showing a refusal of the body.” The same document compares plastic surgery to “a burqa made of flesh”.
The physical and emotional effects of cancer and treatment can be significant. The good news is that help is available from the different people who make up your health care team. It may seem obvious, but it is essential to remember that you are the most important member of your health care team. As with any type of health care you receive, you are a consumer of services, and you should not be afraid to ask questions about what you are getting and who is providing it. Some of the health care professionals who work with people with cancer include: Oncology social workers Oncology social workers are professionally trained to counsel people affected by cancer and help them access practical assistance. They can provide you with individual counseling, a support group, locate services in your community that help with home care or transportation, and guide you through the process of applying for Social Security Disability or other forms of assistance. CancerCare’s oncology social workers are available to help you face-to-face, online or on the telephone, completely free. Psychiatrists A psychiatrist is a medical doctor who specializes in helping people who are depressed and/or anxious. Because they are medical doctors, psychiatrists prescribe medication, such as antidepressants or medication to help you sleep. Psychologists A psychologist is a professional who can assist you if you are feeling depressed, anxious, or sad about treatment side effects. While not medical doctors, psychologists have obtained a Ph.D. in psychology and many specialize in various forms of counseling. Nurses Nurses have a wide range of skills and are usually in charge of implementing the plan of care your doctor has set up for you. They are trained to administer medication, monitor side effects and educate you on the medications you are receiving. Nurses are aware of support services in your community. Home health aides Home health aides assist people who are ill and need help moving around, bathing, cooking, or doing household chores. Some state Medicaid programs will pay for home health aide care, provided they are supervised by a nurse. However, private insurance or managed care plans rarely pay for a home health aide. Rehabilitation specialists Rehabilitation services help people recover from physical changes caused by cancer or cancer treatment. They include the services of physical therapists, occupational therapists, counselors, speech therapists, and other professionals who help you physically recover from cancer. Nutritional services Cancer and cancer treatment may cause weight loss. For this reason, dietary or nutritional services are commonly prescribed for people with cancer. A nutritionist helps choose foods that provide enough calories, vitamins, and protein to help you feel better and control your weight, and gives you tips about increasing your appetite if you experience nausea, heartburn, or fatigue from your illness or treatment. Clergy Prayer and spiritual counseling can be very important in coping with cancer. Many people find it useful to get help from clergy or other spiritual leaders, and there is no question that a strong sense of spirituality can help people face difficult challenges with courage and a sense of hope. Hospice care providers Hospice care focuses on the special needs of people who have terminal cancer. This type of care centers around providing comfort, controlling physical symptoms like pain, and giving emotional or spiritual support. Hospice care is usually provided at home, although there are hospice centers that operate much like hospitals and provide full-time care.
the name Snakeden Hollow State Fish and Wildlife Area is rather intimidating, there are no more snakes here than in other areas of the state. Actually the site is the namesake of a small creek that snakes its way through the property. 2,500-acre parcel was a surface mining site for coal from 1962 to 1970 and was considered by many to provide a wealth of opportunity for the development of fish and wildlife habitat. In 1987, the State of Illinois purchased the property from Midland Coal Company and began working with the Soil Conservation Service to mitigate any environmental concerns at the location. Today, Snakeden Hollow is truly a wildlife paradise. contains 125 water impoundments totaling 400 acres. All lakes and ponds, except the 160-acre Snakeden Hollow Lake, were formed as the result of surface mining operations. The water areas currently contain largemouth and smallmouth bass, rainbow and brown trout, muskie, bluegill, redear sunfish, walleye, green sunfish, black crappie, channel catfish and bullhead. Good wildlife habitat provides a home to numerous species of mammals, birds and reptiles. A favorite nesting spot of giant Canada geese, the site has 2,100 acres of grassland, brushy draws, briers, shrubs, cropland and limited hardwood forest. The remaining 400 acres are in agricultural leases managed for wildlife habitat. Hollow's major management focus is to improve nesting cover, plus resting and feeding areas for the resident flock of giant Canada geese.. Additional management activities are directed toward upland game, forest and waterfowl production, along with fish and furbearer production in order to allow activities such as hunting and fishing for the general public. Excellent hunting opportunities exist each fall and winter for Canada geese and dove hunting is said to be good. Importance is placed on the development of grassland habitat for non-game species through the establishment of warm season grasses, forest plantings and seasonal marshes. site is located 1 mile southeast of Victoria in Knox County. Take Route 167 east from Victoria to find the site office and hunter check station. The access road to the main lake, boat launch ramp, parking lot and toilets can be reached via County Road No. 28~ two miles east of Victoria. Small peripheral parking lots for public access have been established off County Road No. 15, Route 167 and County Road No. 28. Satellites of Snakeden Hollow include the Victoria Pheasant Habitat Area, a 241 -acre parcel 1 mile northwest of Victoria, and the 1680-acre Spoon River State Forest, 8 miles south of Victoria. Although visitors are welcome, camping is prohibited and there are no picnic areas. will not be disappointed with Snakeden Hollow. With more than 300 acres of lakes and ponds, ranging in size from 0.4 to 160 acres, there is something for everyone. More than 3 dozen of the lakes and ponds are actively managed for their fishery. species found include largemouth and smallmouth bass, bluegill, redear sunfish, walleye, muskie, green sunfish, black crappie, channel catfish and bullhead. Fish creel and size limits are posted at each parking lot. are restricted to a 10 HP Limit on the entire 160-acre Snakeden Hollow Lake. This is a NO WAKE AREA. Only electric motors are allowed on all other lakes and ponds. Each year, from two weeks before through the close of the central zone goose season, the area is closed to all activity, with the exception of permit hunting. hunting is offered here during the statewide season. Dove hunting is allowed through Sept. 30, at which time the site closes to establish a waterfowl refuge. Goose hunting by permit commences at the opening of the central Illinois quota zone goose season. Archery deer ise available by permit only and are subject to various site-specific restrictions. Upland game is available by free permit at the Victoria Pheasant access dove and goose hunting facilities are available for those with the proper credentials. Snakeden Hollow Hunter Fact Sheet | Snakeden Hollow Waterfowl Hunter Fact Sheet | Victoria Pheasant Habitat Area Hunter Fact Sheet | Spoon River Hunter Fact Sheet Rules and Regulations Your visit to Snakeden Hollow State Fish and Wildlife Area will be more enjoyable if you follow a few simple rules. - Camping and fires are not allowed. - Vehicular traffic is limited to the boat launch area. - No snowmobiles or other off-road vehicles are allowed. - All other areas may be accessed via foot trails from the parking lots surrounding the - Please help keep the area clean and beautiful for all to enjoy by putting litter in the nearest trash container. - While groups of 25 or more are welcome and encouraged to use the park's facilities, they are required to register in advance with the site office to avoid crowding or scheduling - At least one responsible adult must accompany each group of 15 minors. - Pets must be kept on leashes at all times. - Actions by nature can result in closed roads and other facilities. Please call ahead to the park office before you make your trip. - We hope you enjoy your stay. Remember, take only memories, leave only footprints. - For more information on tourism in Illinois, call the Illinois Department of Commerce and Community Affairs' Bureau of Tourism at 1-800-2Connect. - Telecommunication Device for Deaf and Hearing Impaired Natural Resources Information (217) 782-9175 for TDD only Relay Number 800-526-0844.
i have 454 four bolt main 445 casting eng block with stock lower end and a 4.250 stroker crank,with apair of 781 heads that have been mildly ported with 2.19 and 1.88 valves complete heads,and set of isky solded roller lifters for standed big block. new valve covers and oil pan for sale.will sale sepate or all. call or text 573-434-6980 steven. Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guest You cannot post new topics in this forum You cannot reply to topics in this forum You cannot edit your posts in this forum You cannot delete your posts in this forum You cannot post attachments in this forum
A new study published in The Journal of Urologyฎ reports that prostate cancer patients treated with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) experienced changes in mental and emotional well-being during treatment, although there was no meaningful decline in emotional quality of life two years after treatment. Investigators at the University of California-San Francisco recommend counseling men about the potential adverse effects of ADT as well as the interventions to improve mental and emotional health such as exercise programs and diet. Nearly 240,000 men were expected to be diagnosed with prostate cancer in the United States in 2013, with around 30,000 deaths. Treatment for prostate cancer is associated with significant physical side-effects. Some of these patients are likely to experience more adverse side-effects and complications from the treatment than from the cancer itself. Earlier studies have suggested that treatment may also affect mental and emotional health. ADT, which suppresses the production of testosterone by either medical or surgical castration, remains the gold standard for treating advanced prostate cancer, either alone or with radiation therapy. Benefits include reduction of tumor burden, delayed cancer progression, and overall improvement in survival in some cases. However, ADT has a number of physical side-effects, including hot flashes, decreased libido, fatigue, decreased bone and muscle mass, increased total body fat content, and possible harmful cardiovascular effects. Previous studies have reported cognitive and affective symptoms following ADT, particularly in the elderly. Symptoms include emotional upset (tearfulness, irritability, and anger), decreased motivation, hopelessness, and cognitive interruptions in attention, memory, and visual processing. Some studies have linked ADT use to depression, although it is not clear whether such effects are a direct consequence of ADT itself or perhaps associated with age, comorbidities, hot flashes, fatigue, and insomnia. The current authors evaluated the effects of ADT on mental and emotional well-being in men diagnosed with localized prostate cancer using data from the CaPSURE (Cancer of the Prostate Strategic Urologic Research Endeavor) registry, which consists of data from largely community-based practices across the United States. Over 3,000 men completed a pretreatment and at least one posttreatment quality of life assessment checklist. The authors focused on men newly diagnosed with localized (non-metastatic) prostate cancer in 1995-2011 and treated with radical prostatectomy, brachytherapy, radiation therapy, or primary androgen deprivation therapy (PADT). Of men included in the study 75% were treated with local therapy, 20% combination treatment, and five percent PADT. Among men in the PADT group, 84% were treated with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist monotherapy and 16% received combined androgen blockade. Approximately 36% of patients reported some type of mental impairment at pretreatment evaluation, including depression, insomnia, confusion, poor concentration, sleep disturbances, nervousness, or poor memory. There were no overall differences in rates of mental health symptoms at diagnosis among treatment groups, although 18% of the PADT group reported poorer memory compared to 12% in the local group and 15% in the combination group. Analysis demonstrated that exposure to ADT was associated with significant changes in mental and emotional well-being but did not result in clinically meaningful declines at 24 months. "These results could be related to men in the ADT group adapting to their symptoms over time, thus reporting improves scores," explains lead investigator Clint Cary, MD, MPH, of the Department of Urology at the University of California-San Francisco. The most pronounced effect of ADT was on vitality. "This result corroborates other studies documenting fatigue among the most commonly reported side effects of ADT," says Cary. "It is not clear though whether the fatigue is a direct effect of ADT itself or a consequence of the physical side effects of ADT, such as sleep disturbances or hot flashes." Cary recommends that patients are counseled on possible ADT-related quality of life changes, as well as ways to minimize these changes before treatment for prostate cancer. "All patients should be well informed about the potential adverse effects of ADT, and interventions to improve mental and emotional health such as exercise programs and dietary/lifestyles changes could be of particular importance," he concludes. - K. Clint Cary, Nirmish Singla, Janet E. Cowan, Peter R. Carroll, Matthew R. Cooperberg. Impact of Androgen Deprivation Therapy on Mental and Emotional Well-Being in Men with Prostate Cancer: Analysis from the CaPSURE (Cancer of the Prostate Strategic Urologic Research Endeavor) registry. The Journal of Urology, 2013; DOI: 10.1016/j.juro.2013.10.098 Cite This Page:
Miranda Leigh Lambert (born November 10, 1983) is an American country music/Texas Country artist who gained fame as a finalist on the 2003 season of Nashville Star, where she finished in third place and later signed to Epic Records. Lambert made her debut with the release of "Me and Charlie Talking", the first single from her 2005 debut album Kerosene. This album, which was certified Platinum in the United States, also produced the singles "Bring Me Down", "Kerosene", and "New Strings". All four singles were Top 40 hits on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. After Epic's Nashville division closed, Lambert was transferred to Columbia Records Nashville for her second album, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, which was released in early 2007. Although the title track failed to make top 40, the next three singles ("Famous in a Small Town", "Gunpowder & Lead", and "More Like Her") were all Top 20 hits, with "Gunpowder & Lead" becoming her first Top 10 country hit in July 2008. Lambert's third album, Revolution, was released in September 2009. Five singles have been released from the album, including Lambert's two Number One hits "The House That Built Me," which spent four weeks at the top of the chart, and "Heart Like Mine". Lambert has also been honored by the Grammy Awards, the Academy of Country Music Awards, and the Country Music Association Awards. Miranda Leigh Lambert was born November 10, 1983 in Longview, Texas and raised in Lindale, Texas. Her father, Richard Lee "Rick" Lambert, is a retired police officer who in later life became a private investigator in partnership with her mother, Beverly June Lambert (née Hughes). Miranda was taught about guns by her father at an early age and later became an avid deer hunter. Her parents took her to a Garth Brooks concert when she was nine and this started her interest in country music. Her father wrote and performed country music and she soon began singing in talent contests under his tutelage.
Housesitter is the latest by Frank Oz (What About Bob?). Steve Martin stars as Newton Davis, an architect who has come up the perfect wedding proposal/ present for his girlfriend: a new house designed just for her. But his girlfriend, played by Dana Delany (China Beach), rejects him. Newton then meets Gwen (played by Goldie Hawn), a cocky waitress/con artist. Newton and Gwen have a one-night stand. This gives Gwen the perfect opportunity -- she picks up her bags and moves into Newton`s new house. While he is out of pocket, she makes herself known around the town and fixes the house as if it were her own. That`s when the trouble starts. She tells everyone that she`s Newton`s wife. The really horrible thing is that everybody believes it, even Newton`s old girlfriend. Newton comes back to check on his house when he discovers Gwen has taken over his life. He then realizes that this might be the chance to win his girlfriend back. Martin is delightful, as always. His character isn`t Newton, but himself. But I like that because he is a true comedian. His slapstick routines are hilarious. Goldie Hawn`s performance comes across dull. Maybe it was because the character of Gwen was so uninteresting. I tried to get into it, but I didn`t like any of her qualities. Dana Delany`s character wasn`t around much, but she was the most lovable of the bunch. Housesitter doesn`t compare to Martin`s other films. But it is a typical light comedy, something to put you in a good mood after a rough day. PG --- Sexual situations, violence, coarse language, obscenity.
|View Our Catalog||Turn-Taking, Fingerspelling, and Contact in The Eighth Volume in the Sociolinguistics in Deaf Communities Series In five compelling chapters, this volume elucidates several key factors of the signed languages used in select international Deaf communities. Kristin Mulrooney studies ASL users to delve into the reasons behind the perceived differences in how men and women fingerspell. Bruce Sofinski assesses the current state of transliteration from spoken English to manually coded English, disclosing that competent transliterators do not necessarily produce the desired word-for-sign exchange. In the third chapter, Paul Dudis comments upon a remarkable aspect of discourse in ASL–grounded blends. He discusses how signers map particular concepts onto their hands and bodies, which allows them to enrich their narrative strategies. By observing meetings of deaf and nonsigning hearing people in the Flemish Deaf community, Mieke Van Herreweghe determines whether interpreters’ turn-taking practices allow for equal participation. And the final chapter features a respected team of Spanish researchers led by Esperanza Morales-López who investigate the Catalan/Spanish bilingual community in Barcelona. These scholars measure the influence of recent worldwide, Deaf sociopolitical movements advocating signed languages on deaf groups already familiar with bilingual education. Turn-Taking, Fingerspelling, and Contact in Signed Languages takes professional and lay readers alike on a scholarly sojourn of eclectic enrichment for all. Ceil Lucas is Professor, Department of Linguistics, Gallaudet University, Washington, DC. ISBN 978-1-56368-128-8, ISSN 1080-5494, 6 x 9 casebound, 176 pages, figures, tables, references, index To order by mail, print our Order Form or call: TEL 1-800-621-2736; (773) 568-1550 8 am - 5 pm CST
KRWG.ORG-The Region's Home Page Sat December 8, 2012 Texas Medicaid Mess If the Texas Legislature is in session, there must be a fight about Medicaid going on. The health care program for the disabled, the elderly poor and the impoverished raises hackles every two years, mostly because the number in need keeps rising alongside health care costs. Texas lawmakers also regularly underfund the joint state-federal program to pass a so-called balanced budget, creating a budget deficit when they return to Austin. In the 2013 legislative session lawmakers must pass a supplemental spending bill to cover the $4.7 billion hole they left in 2011. The expense is non-negotiable since the federal government requires states to put in $1 to get about $2. Failure to appropriate the money would shut down Texas Medicaid in March, leaving one in seven Texans without health care. Copyright 2012 The Associated Press.
- Views: Added to users' albums. - Category : - Keyword : Watch video on mobile Please read the QR Code here and access the indicated URL to watch this video on mobile. Or, you can send this video's URL to your mobile from here. Set this video on my blog/site. Thumbnail Link Setting Report TOS Violations/Inappropriate Content Please select the most appropriate reason for reporting the video.Reason for Reporting:
- Facebook is adding gift cards to its Gifts service for users in the United States - Initial offerings include Target, Jamba Juice, Sephora and the Olive Garden - When you buy a card on the social network for a friend, a message tells them of the gift Facebook is expanding its Gift feature to include plastic gift cards that carry balances for multiple stores and restaurants. The cards only work at four stores for now: Target, Jamba Juice, Sephora and The Olive Garden. So if you've been wondering how to give your little sister a birthday gift that combines fruit smoothies, lip gloss and unlimited breadsticks, this product is for you. When you buy a card on the social network for a friend, they get a message informing them of the gift right away (great for scrambling at the last minute). The cash amount is loaded on to a plastic card that is delivered in the mail, likely in some sort of paper envelope. The recipient can then take that physical card into a physical store and buy physical goods. For an Internet company, it's all delightfully old fashioned. The cards will be rolling out gradually for Facebook users in the United States. Facebook is entering a crowded field and offers a couple of features to differentiate itself from other gift cards. The gift giver can choose which of the available stores to give money to -- say $5 to cover a drink at Jamba Juice and $20 for home goods at Target. The recipient can monitor the balances on their card from the Facebook app (but they can't move the money between vendors, no matter how much they would rather have mascara than pasta). Any gift amounts they get in the future are automatically added to the same card. Facebook launched its Gifts feature in September for physical goods like chocolate, shirts, flowers and wine, as well as virtual items like donations to charity, Uber credit and Netflix subscriptions. It also offered gift cards for specific vendors such as Starbucks and iTunes. This new card is different because it will work at multiple retailers, is refillable and integrates with the Facebook app. Even though you can see your card's balance on a smartphone, there aren't mobile payment options at the moment. Facebook cards aren't compatible with existing mobile payment technology like NFC, QR codes or barcodes that allow people to pay for goods with their mobile phone. For now the company is sticking with the traditional plastic rectangle and magnetic-strip technology that is most widely accepted across the United States. The new product falls somewhere between store-specific cards and bank-issued open gift cards that can be used almost anywhere credit cards are accepted. It also may create some privacy issues. In order to receive the card, the recipient will have to share their mailing address with Facebook, which might make some people uncomfortable. Gift cards are an easy workaround for people who don't have enough time or personal knowledge to pick out a specific gift. Like cash, you know it will be useful and there's no danger of getting people something they will hate. Choosing cards from specific vendors like a favorite coffee spot or clothing store can be slightly more personal than a Visa card to be used anywhere. With this card you can mix and match stores. Facebook has been experimenting with all kinds of money-making schemes in the past year, like paying to send messages to strangers. Most of the company's revenue comes from advertising -- 84%, according to the latest earnings report -- but it also makes some money off games and programs like Facebook Gifts. The social network says it has more than a billion active users, and that's a largely untapped resource. A Facebook spokesperson said the company had nothing to share about how it will make money off the Card service. There are no fees for the gift giver or gift receiver, so Facebook is likely earning a percentage from the participating companies.
Striking in its simplicity, this diamond fashion bracelet is a smart look anytime. Created in 10K rose gold, this design pairs polished bars with bars each set with a trio of shimmering diamonds to create a glistening and elegant garland. A stunning look, this bracelet captivates with 1/4 ct. t.w. of diamonds and a polished shine. The 7.0-inch bracelet secures with a box clasp. View product details. In-Stock Item: Normal processing for this item is 1-3 Business Days before it ships and it will ship via your chosen ship method after the processing time is complete. Signature required for orders over $100. Diamond carat weights (CT.) represent the approximate total weight (T.W.) of all diamonds in each setting and may vary no more than .07 below the stated weight. Typographic errors are subject to correction. Merchandise enlarged to show detail and may not always be exactly as pictured. Promotions, prices, styles and availability may vary by store and online.
RHS Scholars' Bowl Team Takes Second at Beloit - Published on Wednesday, 30 October 2013 14:25 RHS won its pool with wins over Minneapolis (60–20), Bennington (60-15), Pike Valley (30–0), Ell Saline (70-30) and St. John's of Beloit (60–40). In their semifinal match, the Broncos defeated Clifton-Clyde (60–40), but lost to Southeast of Saline (40–60) in the championship match. The next varsity action for RHS will be at Natoma on Thursday, November 7. Also, Russell will host the 4A Regional on Thursday, February 6.Read More Local News
Knoxville (WVLT) - Yet another blow to a battered economy. Caterpillar says it's cutting five thousand jobs in addition to the 15-thousand positions the construction machinery manufacturer had already planned to cut. The company says the move will help lower production costs. This comes the same day the company reported record sales of $51.3 Billion for 2008. Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or email@example.com.
Calcium Citrate plus Magnesium provides an easily absorbed citrate form of calcium to build and maintain healthy bones and teeth.* In human studies, calcium absorption from calcium citrate was 22% to 27% higher than the carbonate form of calcium. Calcium citrate is also ideal for those with low stomach acid levels. Magnesium is added to create a balanced calcium to magnesium ratio. Guaranteed purity and potency. |Calcium Citrate Plus Magnesium||360 Capsules||$41.99||$20.99||Save 50%||In stock| |2 Capsules Contains:| Serving Price: $0.13 Price Per Capsule: $0.06 Order by Phone 800-338-7979 24 hours | Customer Service 800-754-8000
Tyler Winklevoss is starting to remind me of Charlie Sheen: cool once upon a time, then a fool who's funny to watch from a distance, and eventually, a guy you can no longer stand. We all know the story by now—Tyler and his twin brother Cameron felt that fellow Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg stole their idea of ConnectU and turned it into Facebook. They sued, blah blah blah, got offered a settlement of $65 million. Should have taken it—they're already wealthy Olympic athletes, for crying out loud—but instead felt it an injustice, and decided to pursue more money on the basis that Facebook was worth more money than when the court battles has begun. The obvious flaw here, of course, is that ConnectU never earned a penny and it's impossible to prove the twins could have ever turned ConnectU into something even remotely as successful as Facebook. The Winklevoss twins, or Winklevi as they are so amusingly called in The Social Network, are trying to draw blood from a stone. Yesterday, the court basically told them to shove off—that they should be happy to take the $65 million. And they should be. But they aren't. They are asking for a Petition For Rehearing En Banc, or a rehearing with 11 as opposed to three judges. Only an En Banc hearing or the Supreme Court can overturn a ruling by a Federal panel. The Appeals Court only grants about 15-20 En Banc requests a year, out of thousands. So, everyone (but them) knows that this isn't going to happen; they won't ever get more than their original settlement, which was already generous considering our little-developed their ConnectU seed was. Still, Tyler is Charlie-Sheening it, only except for "Winning" and "Tiger Blood," he's hashtagging #FightForJusticeWillGoOn. Tyler's Twitter, whose bio reads "pursuer of justice," is a mangled mix of succinct conversations with randoms and tweeting out various legal and historical documents tied to the case. Let it go, Ty. All this time and money spent could have been put to much better things, one would think. But some people never learn.
Create! Pattern Cutting - What:Young People's Events - Where:Design Studio, Sackler Centre YOUNG PEOPLE'S EVENT: Develop your pattern cutting skills and design and make a pattern to create your own top. Monday 13 August (13–15 years) Tuesday 14 August (16–19 years) Once you have booked a ticket, please complete the emergency contact form and the model release form and send them in before the event. It is advisable to bring a packed lunch for the day-long sessions. One free place is available to a carer accompanying a disabled person.
The Elk River boys earned the No. 2 seed in Section 8AAAA basketball and will open at home Tuesday against St. Cloud Tech. The Elks are 18-8 with a three-game win streak that includes a 47-46 upset of No. 2 ranked Osseo. Tech, seeded seventh, is 8-18. Rogers (10-16) has the sixth seed and will play at No. 3 Moorhead (16-8). Brainerd, 25-1 and ranked No. 8 in the state, is the top seed. The Warriors won a regular-season meeting with the Elks 58-36. Rogers will host No. 8 Bemidji (2-23) and No. 4 Buffalo (19-7) will host No. 5 St. Michael-Albertville (17-9). Semifinals will be Saturday at St. Cloud State, with the Brainerd-Bemidji winner facing the Buffalo-STMA winner at 6 p.m., and the Elks-Tech winner facing the Moorhead-Rogers winner at 8 p.m. Finals will be held the following Thursday at a neutral site.
.. any video editor can splice and dice the screen images. . as far as multi-audio-trax you may want to find DDClips , the Win7 version; its free. With it you can add up to 64 audio channels and sync them up to the video. Once you get the Audio Tracks to line-up, you can THEN bring all those tracks into 10-Pro and have "it" compress the sounds into Surround-Sound AC-5 -or- AC-7. . One of the nice features about DDClips is that "it was designed to work with multi-layered tracks from its inception. ( its designed to work specifically with Audio Alignment issues. ) .. Pro-10 is not exactly a multi-audio nightmare but, it comes close T_T .. Primiere is the true nightmare with Audio!!DDClip Pro 3.67
Winchester PDX1 .410 Buckshot for Personal Defense Sale starting at: Clearance starting at: Highly effective in both shotguns or .410 compatible handguns, the Winchester® Ammunition personal defense round combines plated Defense Disk Projectiles and pellets of plated BB shot resulting in the ideal personal defense load for short range engagement. 10 rounds per box. - Winchester Ammunition personal defense round - Highly effective in both shotguns or 410 compatible handguns - Combines plated Defense Disk Projectiles and pellets of plated BB shot Winchester® Supreme Elite® PDX1 .410 Buckshot for Personal Defense Best round for home protection! The PDX1 and the judge were made for each other. I shot a lot of different .410 shells and like the spread on the PDX1 the best. February 4, 2011 Less touch up paint needed. I'd had my Taurus Judge loaded with: Now I no longer have to mix this elixir. While it doesn't have the 150+ pellets of #4 in the first chamber, it does have a dozen BBs! November 3, 2010 I bought these to use in my Taurus 'Judge' revolver. On a quick test from 25 feet the 3 disks held a pattern of about 6 inches (lethal). The shot spread was very wide though. A great personal defense round.. but lethal, so I would only fire if absolutely necessary. All in all, a good alternative from the .410 shot shells and the 45 colt ammo. August 10, 2010 Got this load for my wife's Mossberg Mini pump .410. At hallway distance 6-8 yards. It is absolutely devastating. At this distance all 3 disk and all 12 pellets go into a 4 inch circle. July 20, 2010 Need Help? 7 days a week: 7am to 10pm CT or call 1.800.227.7776 anytime
Yukon Elk Management Plan in Motion With steps in place to address winter ticks, the Yukon government will work with First Nations and stakeholders in the coming months to further pursue the objectives identified in the Elk Management Plan including a proposed limited harvest of elk in 2009, Environment Minister Elaine Taylor announced. "This is consistent with the Yukon Fish and Wildlife Management Board recommendation to enable a limited elk harvest once a strategy had been developed to deal with winter ticks in the elk herds," Taylor said. A limited harvest of elk, as identified in the Elk Management Plan, can serve a number of management objectives including: reducing elk-vehicle collisions, reducing crop depredation conflicts with farmers, increasing the appreciation and value of elk as a wild food, and further reducing the risk of winter tick transfer to other wildlife species. The Elk Management Plan was adopted in June 2008. It calls for a healthy, viable elk population in Yukon, responsible management of elk habitat and range, understanding the potential impact of elk on the land, and greater human use and appreciation of elk. The plan incorporates advice given by First Nations, biologists, Renewable Resources Councils and the Yukon Fish and Wildlife Management Board. Actions announced earlier to contain the spread of winter ticks include a recapture of the Takhini herd and capture of the Braeburn herd in late winter, studies on winter tick ecology to assess the risk that they pose to wildlife, and developing a long-term winter tick surveillance plan to learn more about winter tick distribution and abundance. The Elk Management Plan can be viewed at www.environmentyukon.gov.yk.ca under What's New.
Blog posts tagged in transit The M.T.A. revealed its four fare hike proposals today. Two would increase the base fare to $2.50 from $2.25 while raising the cost of unlimited MetroCards. The others wouldn't alter the base fare but would increase unlimiteds substantially. Chairman Joseph Lhota said he prefers a hybrid of the proposals. He also ruled out eliminating the bonus for pay-per-ride cards, which makes two of the proposals unlikely to pass. Costs for commuter trains, as well as bridge and tunnel crossings, will also rise. The MTA is looking for another $450 million a year from users. Fares and tolls are expected to rise again in 2015. They vote on the proposals in December. This report by the Citizens Budget Commission proposes a new way to fund the M.T.A. called "25-50-25". It recommends that auto user fees cover all drivers' facilities, plus 25 percent of mass transit services. Then mass transit user fees would cover another 50 percent of the operating costs of those services. And state and local tax subsidies would cover the final 25 percent of transit operating costs plus â€ścatch-upâ€ť capital investments needed to bring the system to a state of good repair. The 25-50-25 policy would mean that mass transit riders would pay higher â€“ but still reasonable â€“ fares. The cost of a single ride ticket would increase to at least $2.75 by 2016 but in constant dollars a subway ride would cost at most three cents more than it did in 1996. Motorists would face increased costs for the use of their vehicles, in the range of $167 to $293 more annually, but the charges would be consistent with those in other global metropolises and related to the benefits drivers derive from a well-functioning transportation system.
Find commute times to your work, school, gym and more. - This property is no longer listed on Rent.com. For this reason please note that any pricing or description information may not be up-to-date. Search Available Apartments Popular searches in Phoenix, AZ Clubhouse, Controlled Access, Emergency Maintenance, Extra Storage, Fitness Center, Gated Access, Green Community, Hot Tub, On Site Maintenance, On Site Management, On Site Patrol, Playground, Swimming Pool 1 pool and spa, Assigned covered parking, BBQ grills, BRAND NEW! Laundry facility, Ceiling fans, Come see our grounds, you'll be amazed!, Electricity is separate. (SRP), Fitness center, Gated community, Great location, Huge oversized closets, Oversized patio/balcony, Public Transportation, Select number of renovated units, Storage Great Location...Nice Floor Plans...* Limited Upgraded Units ARE YOU LOOKING FOR BEAUTIFUL LANDSCAPING, SPACIOUS LIVING AND A CONVENIENT LOCATION? You'll find it all at Willow Springs! Choose from 4 different floorplans to fit your lifestyle. Our professional management team is committed to excellence and dedicated to making Willow Springs a community you will love to call home. 7 to 13 months. Pet Policy: Call for details Pets Accepted. Breed Restriction. Call for service animal policy.
~Open your eyes, maybe you'll see~ Sorry if this has been asked, but where do I get the fossils/which one is which pokémon (I want to get Aakeosu), and where do I get them turned back into pokémon? On bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net it is stated that Jaroda has Special Attack as it's highest stat with a base stat of 113. However, serebii.net states that Jaroda has speed as its highest stat. Can anyone confirm which site is corect on this? You have to surf around the rock in route 13 and head north. If you're actually in the forest, just keep going around until you get to the middle! (I'm not exactly sure what you mean)For the life of me I can't get to Ice Dragon, I get to the forest part and its a dead end. Anyone got an answer? You have to go to the ruined castle (west of the desert). In the entrance with all the hihidaruma, walk (not run) over the two quicksand pits and talk to the backpacker girl inside. Aaken is the second option, I think. To get it revived, go to Aroe's gym and talk to the first attendant inside on the right hand side.Sorry if this has been asked, but where do I get the fossils/which one is which pokémon (I want to get Aakeosu), and where do I get them turned back into pokémon? Jaroda's definitely 113 speed.On bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net it is stated that Jaroda has Special Attack as it's highest stat with a base stat of 113. However, serebii.net states that Jaroda has speed as its highest stat. Can anyone confirm which site is corect on this? I got the oval stone quite late in the game, but I can't tell you where, sorry...After you beat the E4, new routes open up with high level, previous generation pokemon. On a similar note, has anyone found an oval stone yet? Thanks in advance. Now for MY question: Where on earth can I find ditto? Last edited by lamminghong; 20th September 2010 at 11:30 PM. Aakeosu / Zebraika / Terakion / Baibanira / Enboar Meruraba and Hitomoshi I have two Zorua related questions. 1) I cant find the "Primo" guy you have to give the words to. Can anyone point me in the right direction? EDIT - found. nvmd 2) If Zorua can evolve, does that mean you can breed them? Last edited by Gus Portual; 20th September 2010 at 11:24 PM. I need some help, I just got my wooden plank guy to evolve into the steel beam guy, and I need someone to help me trade evolve him ^^" If you can help I'd really appreciate it =3 ~Open your eyes, maybe you'll see~ Can someone help me? I just got the 7th badge, and i think i'm stuck. I went to that tower on the north of the town, and on the top some black pokemon flew with someone. Now i don't know what to do! Thanks in advance edit: I finnaly managed to do it, thanks anyway! Last edited by my name is not charmander; 21st September 2010 at 6:05 AM. 1: Where in Hiun City is the Leaf Stone? 2: What all is known about the underwater cuneiform writing? Thanks in advance. Black Friend Code: 1678 3049 0910 Looking for: Any shiny Pokemon Can breed and trade any breedable Pokemon across all five generations! Is there a Lv 50 All option for random battles? "That’s it! I hate to admit it, but you are a Pokémon master!" Can someone help please? What do I do after Cheren and the Gym Leader run out of the gym in Hiun? Has anyone figured out where we could get a Sun Stone? When do I get the running shoes? I found some diamond item does anyone know what it does? is it just another nugget item? Yes that is a Female Dino Charge Red. It's a FanFic thing 3DS FC: 3995-6518-0794 I dont have the game so bare with me. How many badges would one have when they recieve the egg that contains the bug/fire pokemon? I really want to use it ingame when i get the game but level 59 to evolve is insane. Future Pokemon White Team: Does the Pokeshifter allow you to send over items? I really want to send my master ball from SS... Spoiler:- My Teams: Pokemon White 2 Team: Current Black Team: Rivka (Stoutland), Elmo (Musharna), Scarlett (Whimsicott), Gabriel (Carracosta), Reese (Klang), Sean (Mienfoo); all are at level 47. Currently in Victory Road.
Budget 2013: $1.7 billion to help households with cost of living The Government will provide $1.7 billion of direct assistance to help households cope with the increase in the cost of living, said Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam in his Singapore Budget 2013 speech on Monday. Singapore Budget 2013 will give low-income and middle-income families an additional Goods and Services Tax (GST) voucher, in addition to the permanent GST voucher scheme which was introduced last year. This will mean a doubling of the amount that eligible households receive, which is $740 for regular households or $1,240 for a retiree household. Singapore Budget 2013 will aslo see all Housing Board households getting a reprieve on their service and conservancy charges. Households living in one- to two-room flats will get a three-month rebate, while those in three- to four-room flats will get two months. Those living in five-room flats will get a 1.5 month rebate while those in executive flats will get a month's rebate. Direct assistance for cost of living Source: Ministry of Finance Families with young children, elderly dependent and person with disabilities will get a concession on their foreign domestic worker levy. The levy will be reduced from $170 to $120 a month for those who are eligible, saving them $600 a year. A segment of Singaporeans - those aged 45 and above - will get a $200 Central Provident Fund Medisave top-up. These top-ups will benefit 1.5 million Singaporeans and cost the Government $300 million. All Singaporeans will also get personal tax rebates for the Year of Assessment 2013. Residents aged below 60 years will get a 30 per cent rebate, capped at $1,500, while those aged 60 and above will get a 50 per cent rebate capped at $1,500. Having the cap, said DPM Tharman, will allow the Government to provide the "greatest benefits" to those at the 80th percentile and below of taxpayers. For more news and analysis on Singapore Budget 2013, click here for ST's Big Story coverage.
Uma (47), a pedestrian, died on the spot when a Metropolitan Transport Corporation bus hit her while she was crossing Grand Southern Trunk Road in Pallavaram on Wednesday. A resident of Kolathumedu Erikkarai Street, Uma had come to Pallavaram to pay her power supply bills. After making the payment, she was crossing the road to reach the bus shelter on the eastern side of GST Road to board a bus to Tambaram Taluk Government Hospital in Chromepet, where her husband Natarajan, was admitted for an ailment. The MTC bus service to Kunrathur (route No. 66) hit Uma, who died on the spot. Traffic police said the victim had squeezed through a narrow gap on the median of GST Road to reach the other side. Her body was taken to Tambaram Taluk Government Hospital in Chromepet for post-mortem.
Living Learning Community The College of Business would like to welcome you to UTC for the fall 2015 semester. For the third year, the College of Business will host a “Living and Learning Community” for a select group of incoming business freshmen. We are looking for students who exhibit the potential to be both outstanding leaders and scholars in and out of the classroom. If this sounds like you, then please keep reading! The BUSINESS LLC is a “Learning and Living Community” hosted in conjunction with UTC’s Housing Department. The BUSINESS LLC provides first-time freshmen who are pre-Business majors the opportunity to: - Integrate academic and social lives through common living quarters, class schedules and outside activities during their freshman year at UTC - Work closely with juniors and seniors majoring in business, College faculty, campus administrators and community leaders while on campus Students who participate in any LLC exhibit higher academic success during their first year in college; develop strong interpersonal relationships in and out of the classroom; utilize more campus resources; participate in more campus activities; and mature into confident leaders in and out of college. “What is a Living and Learning Community (LLC)?” An LLC is a cohort of 25-30 students sharing majors, schedules and living space. Students attend the same sections of core classes and live in the same residence hall. LLC Students will also be involved in a variety of activities such as specially designed residential and business events. The purpose of the LLC is to: - Connect with the College of Business - Connect with other business majors - Gain educational experience outside of the classroom - Interact with business faculty, college administration and the community - Succeed academically through active learning and teamwork - HAVE FUN! “Living”Participants in the BUSINESS LLC will live in the Walker Apartments on South Campus, on the corner of Baldwin and 8th streets…only blocks from Fletcher Hall! Students will room four to an apartment. Each apartment is partially furnished and has four bedrooms, a kitchen, two bathrooms, telephone service, basic cable service and access to shared laundry facilities. As part of residence life and the BUSINESS LLC, students will participate in both housing and College of Business events that foster interpersonal relationships, collegial connections and fun! Activities may include: - College of Business cookout - “Down with the Dean” - Intramural sports - Movie night - UTC sporting events - UTC art and theater events “Learning”Students will share a common schedule that includes seven overlapping hours in English, Math and a one-hour BUSINESS LLC orientation course. They will participate in outside activities that enrich and support classroom learning while strengthening group and leadership skills. Activities will range from: - Attending student organizational meetings - Attending College entrepreneurial events - Participating in group discussions with business faculty and student peers - Participating in group study sessions - Participating in leadership seminars and workshops - Shadowing juniors and seniors in upper division courses The College of Business hopes you are as excited as we are about the BUSINESS LLC. We hope you will join us in ushering in the 2015-2016 academic year and help to make the BUSINESS LLC a great success! Space is limited, so don’t wait… apply today! Students interested in applying to the BUSINESS LLC: - Must be admitted to UTC - Declare one of the eight pre-Business concentrations as their major - Apply for housing with UTC's Housing Department by March 1, 2015 - Submit the online BUSINESS LLC application* by April 1, 2015 * (NOTE: You must be logged into your UTC e-mail account in order to access the online application.) - And prepare to experience a year-long adventure! - Pay the $25 non-refundable housing application fee - Pay the $225 reservation fee within 10 days of your housing assignment - Choose your desired meal plan
Running a safari camp can’t be easy. In fact, it may be just about the most difficult hospitality gig on the planet. In addition to all of the nuances of running any high-quality accommodation, you have to do it off-the-grid, in a very remote and hard-to-access location, within a wildlife reserve or park, with highly specialized on-site staff, while running a successful safari-drive business. Balancing a sustainable tourism plan in this already difficult operating environment can be a tall order for any camp owner. Some argue that there simply is not enough time (or money) to implement sustainability projects under such demanding circumstances. Fortunately, many others have taken the opposite approach, believing that operating responsibly is a necessity for survival in the safari business. After all, visits to the bush are all about viewing animals in their natural environment—shouldn’t a safari camp’s goal be to protect that very environment? Thanks to the many challenges of running a safari operation, camp owners have been forced to develop some of the leading eco-innovation and efficiency techniques found in the tourism industry today. Here are some projects that impressed me in the bush: - Energy – Remote bush camps have two options when it comes to electricity—diesel generators or renewables. Both systems are used to power battery units to provide power during off-peak times. While most camps have historically used diesel fuel, those that have switched to renewables are reaping the benefits—reduced energy costs over time, no expensive diesel delivery costs, no noise pollution in the bush, no fuel-burning pollution in the bush, etc. Solar is the new diesel, both through solar electricity and solar thermal devices. Cutting edge camps have cut their operational diesel burn to nearly zero, using the old generators only for back-up during maintenance. - Solid Waste – With no routine trash pick-up (some camps only have vehicle access for less than 3 months a year!), storing waste and recycling can prove to be a challenge. Add to that the hungry and aggressive animals in these regions, and you have a waste management problem on your hands. Composting has become a big trend, eliminating over 50 percent of solid waste volume. Compost pits, however, must be heavily secured and closely monitored—hyenas in particular love to dig their way in. Recycling is separated at some of the more eco-focused camps, but most parts of Africa lack a location for processing these materials. Material re-use is woven into every aspect of operations, from food-prep, to housekeeping, to camp decoration. Leading camps have developed systems for eliminating packaging and excess materials prior to camp delivery, reducing the load on the back end. Remaining waste is stored in secure cages until it can be transported back to town. - Water Waste – Water is a precious commodity in the often arid desert environments. Watersheds are very susceptible to disease and pollution, so it is imperative that camp water is properly treated before being released back into the ground. Old-school septic tanks are rapidly being replaced with cutting-edge bio-digester units that use natural bacteria instead of harsh chemicals to treat waste water. Any single initiative listed here wouldn’t constitute a news-worthy sustainability effort. However, when these projects are combined in a single property, and these properties are dotted across much of the African bush, we’ve got some pretty impressive and wide-spread eco-innovation. To me, there’s something darn cool about a lodge that sources, uses and disposes of all of its own energy, water and most of its waste in a responsible manner. Regardless of whether the motivation is out of operational necessity or environmental consciousness, I call these off-the-grid camps an eco-success. Travel to Africa with WWF. © Oh, the Places We’ll Go. Reprinted with permission.
By The Associated Press NBC apologized Sunday for leaving out the words “under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance in its leadup to the final day of the U.S. Open. The Pledge was recited by school children while various images from the nation’s capital – the event was played in nearby Bethesda, Md. – flashed on the screen. NBC broadcaster Dan Hicks later offered an on-air apology: “It was our intent to begin the coverage … with a feature that captured the patriotism of our national championship being held in our nation’s capital for the third time. “Regrettably, a portion of the Pledge of Allegiance that was in that feature was edited out. It was not done to upset anyone and we’d like to apologize to those of you who were offended by it.”
The Barbican Centre and LSO St Luke's are both fully accessible. The Main entrance at Silk Street is ramped and lifts give access to all levels. The Concert Hall has seating for wheelchair users - please inform us of any access requirements on booking. There are three wheelchairs for visitors' use, subject to availability; these can be pre-booked by calling the Box Office on 020 7638 8891. An induction loop is provided in the Concert Hall. Visitors with hearing aids can make use of this facility by switching their hearing aid to the 'T' position. Assistance dogs may be taken into the auditoria or left with a member of staff. Adapted WCs are provided on Levels -2, -1, G, 1, 2, 3 & 4. Disabled visitors are requested to the Barbican Access Membership scheme. Members can inform the Barbican of their access requirements, receive information in alternative formats and may be eligible to reductions on tickets. Any available discounted tickets are limited in number and subject to availability, you are advised to book early. Full details will be sent with your membership information. Maps, guide, information about joining the Barbican Access Scheme and a full downloadable PDF guide to the Barbican Centre can be found on the Barbican website. LSO St Luke's LSO St Luke’s is on three levels. The performance space and the stalls of the Jerwood Hall are at ground level. Lifts give access to all levels. LSO St Luke's has personal receivers for use with our infrared system with or without a hearing aid. These can be collected from the main entrance for concerts, and on request. There are two accessible toilets, both at Crypt level. If you would like your assistance dog to remain with you in the auditorium, please mention this when booking for a workshop, event or concert to ensure you are given a seat with enough space. We can also arrange for your dog to be looked after. To speak to a member of LSO St Luke's staff for further information about access to the centre, call +44 (0)20 7490 3939, or minicom +44 (0)20 7490 8299. A full access guide is available in the LSO St Luke's section of this website.
Dual Port, Xpressview, 3 GHz HDMI Receiver The ADV7619 incorporates a dual input HDMI-capable receiver that supports all mandatory 3D TV formats defined in the HDMI 1.4a specification, HDTV formats up to 1080p 36-bit Deep Color/2160p 8-bit, and display resolutions up to 4k × 2k (3840 × 2160 at 30 Hz). It integrates an HDMI CEC controller that supports the capability discovery and control (CDC) feature. The ADV7619 incorporates Xpressview™ fast switching on both input HDMI ports. Using the Analog Devices, Inc., hardware-based HDCP engine to minimize software overhead, Xpressview technology allows fast switching between both HDMI input ports in less than 1 sec. Each HDMI port has dedicated 5 V detect and Hot Plug™ assert pins. The HDMI receiver also includes an integrated programmable equalizer that ensures robust operation of the interface with long cables. The ADV7619 offers a flexible audio output port for audio data extraction from the HDMI stream. HDMI audio formats, including SACD via DSD and HBR, are supported by the ADV7619. The HDMI receiver has advanced audio functionality, such as a mute controller, that prevents audible extraneous noise in the audio output. The ADV7619 contains one main component processor (CP), which processes video signals from the HDMI receiver up to 1080p 36-bit Deep Color. It provides features such as contrast, brightness and saturation adjustments, STDI detection block, free-run, and synchronization alignment controls. For video formats with pixel clocks higher than 170 MHz, the video signals received on the HDMI receiver are output directly to the pixel port output. To accommodate the higher bandwidth required for these higher resolutions, the output on the pixel bus consists of two 24-bit buses running at up to 150 MHz: one bus contains the even pixels, and the other bus contains the odd pixels. When these two buses are combined, they allow the transfer of video data with pixel clocks up to 300 MHz. In this mode, both 4:4:4 RGB 8-bit and 4:2:2 12-bit are supported. Fabricated in an advanced CMOS process, the ADV7619 is provided in a 14 mm × 14 mm, 128-lead, surface-mount, RoHS-compliant TQFP_EP package and is specified over the 0°C to 70°C temperature range. - Video conferencing - AVR, HTiB - Video switch Comparable Parts Click to see all in Parametric Search This product has been released to the market. The data sheet contains all final specifications and operating conditions. For new designs, ADI recommends utilization of these products. ADI has always placed the highest emphasis on delivering products that meet the maximum levels of quality and reliability. We achieve this by incorporating quality and reliability checks in every scope of product and process design, and in the manufacturing process as well. "Zero defects" for shipped products is always our goal. Didn't find what you were looking for? The USA list pricing shown is for BUDGETARY USE ONLY, shown in United States dollars (FOB USA per unit for the stated volume), and is subject to change. International prices may differ due to local duties, taxes, fees and exchange rates. For volume-specific price or delivery quotes, please contact your local Analog Devices, Inc. sales office or authorized distributor. Pricing displayed for Evaluation Boards and Kits is based on 1-piece pricing.
Nice film . Charans acting is super. Action is very nice. Pls. Dub ur all films to malayalam. ram charan acting is super!i just loved him. neha acting is marvellous. their pair is just amazing. please repeat your pair once again.iwant to talk to ram charan please reply me charan.
- Traveling Program - Information and reservations: 617-589-0354 or firstname.lastname@example.org Share with Your Friends In this presentation, students explore the model sky as it changes due to the effects of Earth’s rotation and orbit. They also observe the Moon in its current phase, and discuss how it changes over time. Later, they learn which planets are currently visible, how to find them and the reasons for the current controversy over how a planet is defined. A 40-minute introductory version is available for multi-grade reservations. Please open our Programs-at-a-Glance chart for information about capacity, prices, and appropriate venues and audiences. Photo © Brilliantpictures.com
Inside the United States, HR departments continue to grapple with a real estate downturn that has led employees to resist job transfers because they can’t sell their homes. Overseas, multinational companies are curbing the costs of expat programs by cutting assignments short, restructuring expat compensation packages and, in some parts of the world, filling positions with local hires instead of relatively more expensive Western employees. The fallout has reached some of the industry’s leading relocation outsourcers, which have reacted by laying off employees, filing for bankruptcy or selling operations. Although the domestic and international relocation issues are very different, they have the same root: a tanking economy that offers fewer options for organizations that need to get their employees from here to there. Julie Loubaton knows firsthand how the recession is changing U.S. companies’ domestic relocation policies. As director of recruiting and talent management for Consolidated Container Co., Loubaton helps move people for jobs at the Atlanta bottle maker. Only this year there hasn’t been a lot of moving going on. The 3,000-employee private company stopped offering full relocation packages to new hires a while back and trimmed the number of existing employees it moved for transfers or promotions to seven so far this year, down from 10 in 2008 and 18 in 2007. The main reason: People can’t sell their homes, and there’s only so much cost that Consolidated Container is willing to take on to help. “A lot of people are having a hard time accepting what their house is valued at,” Loubaton says. “They still think they can sell it for X, despite what an agent is telling them. We can’t afford to have them try for six months then come to us for more money.” Things have eased up slightly since hitting bottom in the spring. Even so, Loubaton is revising her department’s relocation policies to better reflect the times, changes she spent months researching before bringing them to Consolidated Container’s executive committee in June for approval. The situation Consolidated Container faces and the actions it is taking mirror what’s happening throughout the country as businesses large and small come to grips with the financial effects of the real estate bust and recession. Nationwide, fewer employees are willing to move for a job. Of 179 companies in a 2009 survey by relocation outsourcer Cartus, 79 percent said employees’ resistance to moving increased somewhat or a great deal over the past year. For 94 percent of those, worries over selling an existing home were the main reason. “People are afraid of losing money or being underwater”—owing more on a mortgage than what they could sell their house for—says Lina Paskevicius, a consulting manager at Cartus. “If they’re moving, they’re waiting for some official word that the market has bottomed out, so they’re renting instead of buying at the new location, where traditionally they’d buy as soon as they got there.” When companies do help employees relocate, they’re demanding tougher terms. Thirty-seven percent of 210 companies in a recent poll by Weichert Relocation Resources adopted tighter list-price guidelines or added list-price restrictions to relocation policies for the first time in 2008. The news isn’t all grim. Last year, 40 percent of companies in Weichert’s survey added or increased loss-on-sale assistance, making up some portion of the difference between the original purchase price of a transferee’s home and its sale price. In the same poll, 34 percent of respondents increased the temporary housing allowance they offered. If a candidate is desirable enough, some companies will even pay a portion of the difference between what a transferee owes on a mortgage and what they can get for their house. “There’s no other way to get people to move,” Cartus’ Paskevicius says. Consolidated Container, which cranks out 7 million plastic bottles, drums and canisters a day in 65 factories in the U.S. and Mexico, never used to set sales prices for homes of employees who had accepted a transfer. But given the current realities of the residential real estate market, the company revised the policy. Now the company requires that candidates list their home within 105 percent of the average estimated selling price, based on two independent real estate agents’ market analyses. Aware that homes are taking more time to sell, however, Loubaton is extending how long the company will pay temporary living expenses, to three months from two. She’s also considering giving employees who sell within 90 days a bonus of 2 percent of the net sales price. “This way if they sell at less than they want we’re making up some of the difference, so it’s not as big of a hit mentally,” Loubaton says. Halting relocation offers to outside candidates hasn’t deterred them from applying for jobs at the bottle maker, which despite the recession is still hiring in its factories and for openings among 450 salaried positions at its Atlanta headquarters. In fact, Loubaton says candidates for management positions—especially junior-level jobs—are willing to do without company help. “In the old days they’d want a full relocation package. Now they say, ‘Don’t worry, I’ll make it happen if you give me the job,’ ” she says. Loubaton uses Primacy, a Memphis, Tennessee-based relocation outsourcer, to perform the actual relocation work. She manages the program, and with so many changes taking place, “I’m on the phone with them five times a week. I’m tracking things weekly for our senior leadership team. I’m more involved than I ever thought I’d be,” she says. Like Consolidated Container, more companies are relying on outsourcers to manage relocation programs. Brookfield Global Relocation Services, which merged with GMAC’s relocation business in late 2008, found that about one-third of U.S. companies in its 2009 relocation survey use outsourcers to manage their domestic relocation programs. It’s the latest function being handed off to outsiders as HR departments economize, says Scott Sullivan, the company’s senior vice president. With housing prices still in the doldrums in many regions and jobless rates continuing to climb, nobody’s predicting relocation policies will go back to what they were anytime soon. “Unless there’s a turnaround, it’s going to be more of the same reluctance to relocate,” says Paskevicius, the Cartus consulting manager. To see what’s happening to multinationals’ global mobility programs, look at China. The country has become a leading expat destination—No. 1 in the world, according to Brookfield Global Relocation Services’ 2009 global mobility trends survey—yet remains one of the most challenging destinations for international assignments. Even in a global recession, China continues to be a manufacturing powerhouse, creating ongoing demand for management jobs, especially middle-manager positions. But assignments there can be tricky. Expats who live in post-Olympics Beijing maintain the city has become every bit as cosmopolitan as Singapore or Hong Kong—with the same high prices. Other areas of the country are still considered second-, third- or even fourth-tier destinations based on their lack of infrastructure, options for housing and schools, and other Western-style amenities. This makes it difficult to attract expats. Even in cities such as Beijing and Shanghai, overcoming the twin barriers of language and culture continue to make assignments tough, according to HR managers, consultants and relocation outsourcers. With revenue and profits beaten down by the recession, multinationals are curbing mobility expenses in a number of ways: ending expat assignments early, reducing compensation packages and perks, and choosing single employees for international stints over those with families, according to 2009 reports from Brookfield and other global relocation outsourcers. These days, when expats are called home, their replacements are likely to be local hires whose total compensation can run well below what U.S. or European expats command, according to the reports and accounts from expat HR managers. All these trends are evident in China, where multinationals are replacing departing expats with their pick of a growing population of foreigners already living in the country. “There was just an expat job fair here a month ago and a couple thousand people were there looking for jobs,” says John Lackey, a Beijing-based international HR manager for International SOS. In more than a decade helping manage expat programs for such multinationals as Goldman Sachs and Microsoft, Lackey has had a bird’s-eye view of the changes taking place. He currently oversees HR for 85 expats working in Beijing for International SOS, which provides medical assistance, security services and international health care, including a chain of private medical clinics. The company has a global workforce of 6,000. Today, about half of International SOS’ expat employees in Beijing are traditional expats from 15 countries, including the U.S., Germany and New Zealand; a quarter are local hires; and the balance are expats who rotate through positions on a short-stay basis. While the total number has remained steady, Lackey predicts more expat positions will be filled by ethnic Chinese transferring from nearby countries or “half pats”—Chinese nationals returning to the country after living elsewhere for a long time. “An [American] expat with a spouse and two kids making $100,000 a year can run $250,000 to $500,000 in costs, compared to a local hire you can pay $100,000 and that’s all you have to pay,” Lackey says. “The savings is easily at least half and could be up to 75 percent.” Another attraction of local hires or half pats in China: their ability to fill in-demand middle-manager positions that require business experience and knowledge of language and culture, says Timothy Dwyer, client services director at Expaticore, a New York expatriate payroll outsourcer, and a former global mobility manager at Goldman Sachs and KMPG. These workers may not be a multinational’s perfect candidate. But as cost plays a bigger role in hiring decisions, companies are willing to overlook some deficiencies, especially if candidates accept a hybrid compensation deal that’s less than what a traditional expat would expect, Dwyer says. In addition to using local hires, multinationals are curbing costs of global mobility programs by cutting the length of long-term assignments by a year or more, creating more short-stay assignments of a year or less and sending employees on extended business trips of several weeks or months instead of moving them, says Paskevicius, the consulting manager at Cartus, which in addition to its domestic business also works with multinational clients. All those changes mean HR managers must look across the globe for available candidates, and more are relying on relocation outsourcers for help. Overall, 38 percent of 180 companies in Brookfield’s 2009 survey outsource the management of their global mobility program. Cartus, for example, offers its clients a candidate assessment program that uses performance metrics and other data to pick the best pros- pects for international jobs. Nevertheless, some organizations’ expat program managers prefer to go it alone. Lackey, who has worked with and for relocation outsourcers, acts as his own program administrator because of the flexibility it gives him. Outsourcers “tend to limit services to a fixed menu, whereas I can get a local company to provide services with no limitations,” he says. The global recession has put pressure on HR managers to justify how well global mobility programs align with a company’s overall business objectives. That means producing more data on the program’s operations “and more dialogue between HR and management about the outcome of assignments,” says Scott Sullivan, senior vice president at Brookfield Global Relocation Services, which acquired GMAC’s mobility division last year. Those same financial realities have accelerated the demise of companies’ once standard practice of doling out cushy expat assignments to junior executives as part of their management training process, says Rebecca Powers, a Mercer global compensation and mobility practice principal. Companies no longer feel the responsibility. It’s now employees who are eager to accept international postings, even in less than top-tier locations. They are also willing to make such moves for pay and benefits packages that are less than what they used to be, “as a way to boost their marketability,” Powers says. Workforce Management, July 20, 2009, p. 23-27 -- Subscribe Now!
RYAN COHAN'S new CD ONE SKY @ The Langston Hughes House in NYC ONE NIGHT ONLY, one set only - OCTOBER 16 @ 8:30 PM The Langston Hughes House is located at 20 E. 127th Street (between 5th & Madison) 2 blocks from Metro North and the 125th St. Stop of #2, 3 & 4, 5,& 6 IRT Lines To reserve tickets write email@example.com or call 212 222.5394 Featuring Rodney Green (drums), Geof Bradfield (saxophones), Lorin Cohen (bass) CD Release Celebration for ONE SKY @ The Green Mill in Chicago, November 30 & December 1 Motema Music Geared Up to Release ONE SKY from Chicago-Based Pianist/Composer RYAN COHAN AVAILABLE IN STORES AND ONLINE ON OCTOBER 16 Ryan Cohan is a breath of fresh air in today's jazz world. I find his skills as a pianist and a composer mature, original and exciting. Nowhere is it more evident than on his new cd One Sky."" - Ramsey Lewis, 2007 NEA Jazz Master Cohan is a gifted, strong pianist from the Bud Powell-Herbie Hancock-Chick Corea tree [and] already a master at three-horn writing." - DownBeat You'll be struck by the exquisite detail of [Ryan's] writing." - Howard Reich, The Chicago Tribune Make a note of the name RYAN COHAN - he is destined for great things. Not only does he write exceptional tunes, but he arranges and plays them with a level of maturity normally only found in artists many years his senior." - Sirocco Music (UK) On October 16, 2007, Motema, one of the industry's new leading independent labels, will proudly release One Sky, pianist/composer/arranger Ryan Cohan's follow up recording to his highly praised sophomore release, Here and Now (Sirocco Jazz, UK). One Sky, recorded immediately after sold-out shows at Chicago's historic venue, The Green Mill, features Ryan Cohan in the esteemed company of Bob Sheppard on saxophones and flute, James Cammack on double bass, Tito Carrillo on trumpet, and Cohan's exciting working quartet featuring saxophonist Geof Bradfield, bassist Lorin Cohen, and drummer Kobie Watkins. Ryan Cohan's Quartet was recently chosen by a panel led by Wynton Marsalis for the 2007-08 Rhythm Road: American Music Abroad program (click here for more information). One Sky was recorded immediately after sold-out shows at Chicago's historic venue, The Green Mill. The centerpiece of One Sky is Cohan's freshly penned suite, One Sky: Tone Poems For Humanity," which premiered in July 2006 at Skidmore College's Bernhard Theatre, grew out of a commission from Chamber Music America New York, as part of their prestigious and highly-competitive New Works: Creation and Presentation" Grant. This ambitious extended composition is complemented by four new Cohan originals and a brilliant, masterful solo piano rendering of Billy Strayhorn's Lush Life." Ryan has played with Freddie Hubbard, Milt Hinton, Jon Faddis, Curtis Fuller, Regina Carter, Andy Bey, Kurt Elling, Kent Jordan, Michael Urbaniak, Pat La Barbera, Ed Shaughnessey among many others. Cohan is a member of renowned trumpeter Orbert Davis' various ensembles (since 1995), including the Chicago Jazz Philharmonic. He has toured the world with Davis and is also featured on his video release, With Strings Attached, and his two most recent CD releases, Priority and Blue Notes. 2003 marked Cohan's film scoring debut, composing and producing the soundtrack to the independent short film, Dog Walker. In early 2007 he also completed the score to his first full-length film project, Tapioca, starring Ben Vereen. Ryan Cohan's relationship with NEA Jazz Master, and fellow pianist, Ramsey Lewis began in late 1997 when Cohan contributed four compositions, including the title track, for Lewis' GRP release Dance Of The Soul. Their collaborations continued with Cohan touring with Lewis and with his work as the primary arranger on Lewis' Appassionata (Narada Jazz), named Jazz Album of the Year" in Billboard Magazine's first annual music awards in 2000. Cohan's writing skills were also tapped for Lewis' following releases, Meant To Be (Narada Jazz), featuring Nancy Wilson, and The Very Best of Ramsey Lewis (GRP). Most recently, Cohan composed the theme song to The Legends of Jazz TV program hosted by Ramsey, and was commissioned to write the arrangements for Lewis' upcoming solo piano recording. Ryan Cohan's work has garnered numerous awards including The Illinois Arts Council's Artist's Fellowship Grant (2007, 2000) and the City of Chicago's CAAP grant (2006). Look for Ryan Cohan's One Sky on Motema - available on October 16, 2007!
Pamela Horton – Babe of the Day This pretty young thing is Pamela Horton, a gamer girl who likes to fight off the Alliance in ‘World of Warcraft’—when she isn’t posing for Playboy. Pamela is a double threat: She works as a freelance model while pursuing a career in video game concept design, as evidenced by her roles as Miss October 2012 and Playboy’s Gamer Next Door. The girl’s talented, that’s all we’re saying. And not too bad to look at, either.
Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) has several core ideas that should be addressed in your organization's SOA journey: With the convergence of mobile, social, cloud, and big data analytics, SOA is more important than ever before for offering insight and integrating systems from end to end. By applying Service Oriented Architecture principles, an enterprise can manage and govern business and IT transformation, setting them apart from their competitors. The benefits range from seamless integration, cloud enabled solutions, holistic business insight and agility to externalized APIs. SOA integrates the front office, back office and the Internet of Things. Middleware, best practices and patterns speed the Service Oriented Architecture journey and amplify the value it creates. IBM has over a decade of experience with SOA and a broad portfolio of capabilities, spanning integration, processes, operational control and services. SOA is “simply good design" — resting on a solid foundation of technology and practices that support your organization’s journey into the changing world of mobile, social, cloud and big data. See more SOA downloads. Mobile & Cloud Apps Built with SOA Featured SOA resources Related SOA links - Connectivity, integration and SOA - Application infrastructure - Developer resources: SOA and web services - SOA and WebSphere blog 0% financing for software Custom payment options for you
Daily DARTs servicing Dún Laoghaire are southbound to Greystones and Bray and Northbound to Malahide and Howth. Regular Services to Dún Laoghaire: 7, 7a, 45a, 46b, 46x, 59, 75, 111, 145, 746 For further information on Dublin Bus, please log onto http://www.dublinbus.ie Flying to Dublin Dublin Airport: http://www.dublin-airport.com Our Sponsors 2015 A special thank you to the sponsors of Mountains to Sea dlr Book Festival 2015, for a full list please click here. Schools & Family Programme 2015 Thanks & Acknowledgements The festival organisers would like to exend their sincere gratitude to all involved in Mountains to Sea dlr Book Festival 2015. A full list is available here.
Not sure if you all heard about this or not, but Dora the Explorer is getting a makeover. Nickelodeon and Mattel recently released a teaser silhouette to get folks excited about the new Dora, but instead the announcement just pissed off a lot of parents. Mattel says the makeover lets Dora grow up with her fans, many of whom are tweens now. But outraged parents argued her long hair, long legs and short skirt were too hot to handle. There are even online petitions circulating pressuring the companies to reconsider. And you may remember a similar uproar when an updated look for Strawberry Shortcake was announced. So what do you think? Should characters like Dora the Explorer mature with the girls who love them or do these makeovers make girls want to grow up too fast?
A person who finds themselves uncontrollably attracted to people unable to speak in the same language as them or unable to speak at all. CHARACTERISTICS: Sloping forehead (not dissimilar to a caveman), arching back and long arms that hang below his knees when standing upright HABITAT: Wherever food is unattended If that Chimpanzee wasnt holding a wallet he'd look just like Coombsey! Prices shown in USD. Skriv din email-adresse nedenunder for at få Dagens Urban Ord gratis hver morgen! Emails sendes fra firstname.lastname@example.org. Vi lover ikke at spamme dig.
Tiger Greats Back On The Field At Wayne State University DETROIT (WWJ) – The calendar may say December, but it’s still baseball season in Detroit. A couple of former Detroit Tiger greats will join Wayne State University for the second straight year in hosting baseball camps on Saturday. Ryan Kelley is Wayne State’s head baseball coach. “There’s probably about 225 participants who have signed up for the camp. Alan Trammel and Lance Parrish, our Wayne State coaching staff and our entire Wayne State baseball team will be serving as instructors and coordinating the entire camp and giving great feedback and lessons to the kids,” Kelly said. Kelley says the morning camp session runs from 9 until noon and stresses fundamentals, including catching, hitting, bunting, throwing and speed. It’s open to kids in grades two through 12. There’s also an afternoon high school prospects camp for students in grades 9 through 12. Do the kids know who Tramell and Parrish are? “I think they have some familiarity because their parents who are driving them to the camp talk to them about it. But the kids getting here have a great time. I think they not only enjoy learning from Trammel and Parrish, but also our entire Wayne State baseball team. I know the parents and family members get a great thrill out of seeing the two former great Tigers,” Kelly said. There are still a few spots open for kids who want to register for the camp. For more information on the camps and to register, click here.
New Inductees Into Delaware Park Wall of Fame by Blood-Horse Staff Date Posted: 7/18/2012 2:58:26 PM Last Updated: 7/19/2012 11:05:51 AM Trainer Grover "Buddy" Delp (right) with Spectacular Bid. Delaware Park announced July 18 that the horse Parlo, trainer Grover “Buddy” Delp, jockey Eldon Nelson, owners Mr. and Mrs. Walter Jeffords Sr., and track director Bayard Sharp are the 2012 inductees into the track’s “Wall of Fame.” “This sixth class of inductees recognizes the horses and people that raised the bar in great achievements at Delaware Park,” said Michael Vild, senior vice president and general counsel of Delaware Park. “Many of them set Delaware Park records and standards which still stand today.” Foxcatcher Farm’s Parlo carried the most weight of any Delaware Handicap winner when the daughter of Heliopolis won the race in track record time in 1955 under 128 pounds. The Virginia homebred trained by R.E. Handlen was the 3-year-old filly and handicap mare champion in 1954 and handicap mare champion in 1955. One of only four fillies to win the Delaware Oaks and then the Delaware Handicap the following year, Parlo also won the Alabama Stakes, and Beldame, Firenze, and Top Flight handicaps. She retired with eight wins, six seconds, and three thirds from 34 starts, with earnings of $309,240. Delp, who won a record 11 training titles at Delaware Park, is best known as the trainer of the 1979 Kentucky Derby (gr. I) and Preakness Stakes (gr. I) winner champion Spectacular Bid. Delaware Park’s leading trainer seven consecutive years from 1963-69, the Maryland-native won six Delaware Park stakes, including the Dover, Blue Hen and Sussex. Delp was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2002. Nelson rode for some of the most prominent stables in North America, including Christiana Stables, Brookmeade Stable, and Calumet Farm during a career that spanned four decades. In 1972, the native of Glenrose, Okla., won the Preakness Stakes aboard the Del Carroll-trained and William S. Farish III-owned Bee Bee Bee. Leading rider at Delaware Park in 1956 and ’58, Nelson won a total of 10 Delaware Park stakes, including the Delaware Handicap in 1958 aboard Endine, the Delaware Oaks in 1972 aboard Light Hearted, and the Blue Hen Stakes in 1961 aboard Cicada. On June 20, 1958, he rode six winners on a single Delaware Park card, a record which has been equaled six times since, but has never been broken. He retired from riding in 1973. Walter Jeffords Sr. was a successful investment banker and owner and breeder who in partnership with his wife Sarah’s uncle, Samuel D. Riddle, purchased and operated Faraway Farm in Kentucky, where Man o’ War stood at stud. The Jeffordses won a total of 17 stakes at Delaware Park including two Delaware Handicaps and two Delaware Oaks. Kiss Me Kate, the 1951 3-year-old filly champion, won the Delaware Oaks and the following year won the Delaware Handicap. They also won the 1950 Delaware Handicap with Adile and the 1965 Delaware Oaks with Juanita. In 1944, they won the Christiana Stakes at Delaware Park with eventual 2-year-old champion male Pavot. They also campaigned the 1953 Horse of the Year and 3-year-old champion One Count, who won the Belmont Stakes, Travers Stakes, and Jockey Club Gold Cup. Bayard Sharp, an original director of Delaware Park and a native of Wilmington, Del., had a career in racing spanning more than 60 years. Sharp established his 750-acre Sharp Farm in Middletown, Del., in 1941. Included among the 91 stakes winners he bred and owned in partnership with his wife, Mary, were Mississippi Mud, Dixieland Band, Papal Power, and Baron de Vaux. During World War II, he flew U.S. Navy bombers and he was an adviser to presidents, congressmen. and governors. Copyright © 2015 The Blood-Horse, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
||I'm VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY glad that I bought this. I have a G&P MOE M4 and have had problems ever since I got it. I spent money replacing just about every internal (gearbox, everything in the gearbox, bucking, spacer, and inner barrel), but the problem still didn't resolve. The last thing to get was a hop up, so I got this one, and now I have a lean, mean, foliage green killing machine! FIXED MY M4's PROBLEM!!! THANK GLOB!!! Really easy to build. I've never built an M4 hop up before, and I didn't even have to look up how to do it. O-rings make for a good air seal Comes with everything you need to assemble the chamber (doesn't include bucking or spacer/nub) The gears don't move very easily, so once it's set, it's set for EVER (probably not). It would look cooler if it wasn't so red, but I don't care that much Never wants to play Xbox with me. It's always, "I'm too busy reading, why don't you go do your AP homework?" Sometimes doesn't pay its half of the rent. Rating: [5 of 5 Stars!]
MISSION VIEJO, Burl Estes, retired deputy district attorney: As a former deputy district |In this March 12, 2013 file photo, James Holmes, left, and defense attorney Tamara Brady appear in district court in Centennial, Colo. for his arraignment. Court documents are raising new questions for the university that Colorado theater shooting suspect James Holmes attended before the July 20 theater shooting that left 12 people dead and 70 injured. (AP Photo)| attorney, I know the difficulties involved in committing someone who has obvious mental problems and may be potentially dangerous ["Examine the link between drugs and violence," Letters, April 3]. They have "rights" which, under the Lanterman-Petris-Short Act, "entitle" them to live in the community. Though Gov. Ronald Reagan signed that law into effect, Sacramento didn't follow up by funding group homes where such people could stay and be monitored to make sure they took their medications. Here's an example of the problem in New York City. A violence-prone schizophrenic who refused to take her medicine pushed a man from India she had never met onto the subway tracks. He was killed. When she was confronted, she said she did it because she hated Muslims and Hindus. She had been treated previously at a New York psychiatric hospital, and her mother had called the police at least five times due to violence at home. The woman had even assaulted a police officer. After having been arrested nine times, she was either released outright or allowed to plead guilty to assault and other charges without jail time or remand to a mental facility for treatment. Her case is not exceptional, and there are many like her, ticking time bombs wandering around, just waiting to go off. In the case of James Holmes, the Aurora, Colo., mass murderer, the only person who met him and refused to deal with him was a gun dealer, who suspected Holmes was mentally unbalanced, which he was. Not every person suffering from schizophrenia, bipolarism or other mental problems is dangerous. But people with mental problems and violent tendencies who often refuse to take their medications should be monitored and kept away from dangerous weapons. Adam Lanza, the Newtown shooter, was one of those people whose mother was trying to get mental health treatment for him. He refused, killed her and used her legally owned firearms to commit the massacre at Sandy Hook School before killing himself. A universal background check requirement, had it been in effect at the time, would not have stopped that shooting spree. The problem is that it is impossible to predict who might turn into a subway killer or school attacker. The solution is not more "comprehensive gun control laws" but more school security. Mass murderers go to schools because they know there will be no resistance that could stop their shooting sprees. NEWPORT BEACH, Ron Williams, U.S. Secret Service, retired: On Feb. 23, 2013, a ceremony was held at the Gettysburg Lodge, Gettysburg, Pa., to honor the lives of Ty Woods and Glen Doherty, the two former Navy SEALs who sacrificed their lives in Benghazi, Libya, on Sept. 11, 2012. The somber ceremony was attended by 50 former and active-duty Navy SEALs, together with a number of people who helped to provide funds for the families of Ty Woods and Glen Doherty. As a participant at the event, I vowed not to let what happened in Benghazi to be "a bump in the road," as our president described the incident. The mainstream media has never investigated the facts and ignored the cover-up that has taken place. The facts are that 13 separate terrorist incidents occurred within six months of the attack on Sept. 11, 2012. The State Department regional security officer requested additional upgraded security but was turned down at the State Department. Ambassador Christopher Stevens also requested additional security but was rebuked. When the attack began, the CIA knew it was a planned attack perpetrated by a terrorist group closely aligned with al-Qaida. We now know from the testimony of Leon Panetta, the acting Director of the CIA, that he had a conversation with the president at 5 p.m. to brief him on the attack. According to Panetta, he did not have another conversation with the president that night even though the attack lasted seven hours. For two weeks Obama sent Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, out to blame the "incident" on a demonstration gone awry based on a B-grade video made by some obscure person in Los Angeles. I recall when Watergate happened. The news media was like a rabid dog to uncover the circumstances. But no lives were lost in that second rate burglary. Four Americans lost their lives when they could have been saved. I believe there was a cover up that took place to get Obama elected, which leaves me baffled as to why there is no outrage in America. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican you should be clamoring for justice and truth. I vowed not to forget, and to keep the flame burning until the facts of this tragedy is factually documented. For me, Hillary Clinton, it matters.
TITLE MMA Pro Ankle/Foot Grips Fully contoured double-ply neoprene with reinforced edges and seams supplies extra foot and ankle support. Rubberized integrated tracking on the sole provides ultimate grip and precision pivots during training and competition. Gain ideal support, coverage, speed, explosiveness and traction needed to succeed. Sold in pairs. Sizes: Reg (S/M), L, XL | ||Product||Item SKU||In Stock||Reg. Price||Sale Price||Options||Quantity||Add to Cart|
and utterly gorgeous Series 9 laptop from Samsung has just received its US pricing and unfortunately it's a bit of a whopper: $1,649. For that outlay, you'll be getting a 13.3-inch screen, an LED-backlit display with 400 nits of brightness, Intel Core i5-2537M dual-core processor running at 1.4GHz, 4GB of RAM, and one super-speedy 128GB SSD. It's an intriguing proposition, as both price and specs are decidedly high-end, but the decision as to which one wins out we'll leave up to you. Hit up Samsung's site below for a list of retailers -- the Series 9 is listed for pre-order at the moment, but we doubt it'll be long before delivery trucks start rolling out with ultrathin laptop boxes in tow.
20 August 2012 Posted in Our Planet, Our Universe An extraordinary cluster of galaxies is continuing to shatter cosmic records! The cluster of galaxies is located nearly 7 billion light years away. It is known as SPT-CLJ2344-4243, though astronomers have given it a less formal nickname: the Phoenix Cluster. Named after the constellation it resides in, the cluster appears to contain thousands of galaxies within it, with each varying in size to that of a dwarf galaxy (a small galaxy comprised of several billion stars) to clusters of stars the size of the Milky Way galaxy. The Phoenix Cluster is unlike anything astronomers have ever seen before; it is about 2,000 times the apparent mass of the Milky Way. Or to put things in better perspective, 2.5 quadrillion times the mass of the sun! However, it doesn’t stop there! Not only is the mass of this galaxy record-breaking, but it is also creating new stars at an unprecedented pace. Researchers say that the Milky Way produces just one or two stars a year. So how many is the Phoenix Cluster producing? A whopping 740 stars per year! The previous record holder was Abell1835, a galaxy that forms about 100 stars per year. Scientists are hoping that this record-breaking galaxy cluster will help them solve a decades-old puzzle about how slowly similar clusters cool. It’s known as the cooling flow problem. According to theoretical models, gases thrown out by star explosions should natural cool over time, forming a gas flow cold enough to condense and form new stars quickly. No one had ever seen this happen up until now. In most cases, jets of material from supermassive black holes at the center of these galaxies prevent them from ever reaching temperatures at which star birth can kick into high gear. In the case of the Phoenix Cluster, however, it is not behaving like most galaxies in the cooling flows. Scientists have many ideas as to why this would be, though they are not sure which, if any, are correct.
You need the latest Flash player to see this video.Click here to get Adobe Flash player Who needs a man having a car... LOL i need to try that. I have to do this with my car that thing is bigger! Perfect!like a dildo... well why not.... its an object afterall.... whynot.. i would spruce it up with some beads or something...??>? awe dude... she pissed in that nice car.. its going to stink. Que priquitinho viiu, putaquepariu!! this is one of my favorite videos. nah i dont think she peed... nut never seen that color squirt either though so.... that was piss, my car is jealous I need do that *.* damm, me like Fine gear box attachment. So much talk I nearly got an (positive) impression she was casting a spell or something. A witch flying the stick. Very creative with the car. Thanks for the vid. good girls fuck anything! I want to see her fuck my stick shift in my truck while I lick it can i buy the car ? so fucking hot omg im so wet I'm not a lesbian, but even I liked to see it .. i need a horny bitch like her ;) what's wrong with that? ewwww that was piss She fucked car! I'm impressed ! )) pretty sure that wasnt squirt.... WAY to yellow!! Omg, now I'm going to start doing that when I'm alone :3 she can do that to my car any time damn you fine you should come and do that to my car besides the fact that you peed in the car part um What the fuck sht i'd like that in my mouth baby mamasita que rico
Dutchmen Pound Punchless Big Green Dartmouth College goaltender Charles Grant watches a shot by Union's Matt Wilkins (19) sail over prone teammate Geoff Ferguson en route to bouncing off the post during last night's ECAC game at Thompson Arena. Valley News - Tris Wykes Purchase photo reprints » Dartmouth College players celebrate Andy Simpson's third-period goal Saturday during the Big Green's 7-2 loss to ECAC foe Union at Thompson Arena. Cardboard cutouts of college president Phil Hanlon and team captain Tyler Sikura loom in the background. Valley News - Tris Wykes Purchase photo reprints » Hanover — The Dartmouth College men’s hockey team took an absolute beating Friday night, falling 7-2 to visiting Union in a game that wasn’t that close and which the Dutchmen led, 5-0, before easing off the gas. Union hit two posts and went scoreless in six power-play chances, so it wasn’t as if the visitors were firing on all cylinders. No, the Big Green was simply abysmal in its ECAC opener. “It’s a game of momentum, and they took it and took it early,” said Dartmouth coach Bob Gaudet, whose program is 0-3 for the first time since the 2009-10 season, when the Big Green finished 10-19-3 and ninth in the 12-team conference. “We got behind and we didn’t have the answers. They outdid us in every facet of the game from the coach on down.” The hosts didn’t help themselves by committing five of the game’s first seven penalties and seven in the game. Included were fouls for an elbow to the head, unsportsmanlike conduct, roughing and grasping the face mask. You might think such a rap sheet would indicate effective, physical play. But that wasn’t the case for a team that allowed Union to buzz around its net unimpeded much of the evening. “There’s no secret formula to what happened,” said Dartmouth captain Tyler Sikura, whose team hosts Rensselaer today. “A team came into our barn, wanted it more and outworked us. We have systems that work and players who are established in the league, but we have to play better and harder and that starts with me. “We have to come out tomorrow with a lot more fire than we did tonight.” Things began to slide downhill for Dartmouth even before the game, when goaltender Charles Kruger hurt a finger during warmups. Once the puck dropped, Union scored in the fourth minute of the first period, the second minute of the second period and the second minute of the third period. Big Green goaltender Charles Grant was replaced by Cab Morris after surrendering a pair of soft tallies that gave the Dutchmen (2-2-2, 1-0) a 5-0 lead late in the second period. But the sophomore didn’t get much help, either. “You have to show some passion, and it’s got to come from within you,” Sikura said. “It’s not about one big play, it’s about chipping away, chipping away.” Dartmouth salvaged a bit of pride with third-period goals from Andy Simpson and Eric Neiley, but there was still no denying its role as Union’s chew toy. “They won every 50-50 battle, and when they came up with the puck, everyone on our end was scrambling and that’s when they got their chances,” Sikura said. “It’s nothing major that we have to fix. It’s wanting the puck more than they do.” Said a downcast Gaudet: “It’s disappointing, because we’re better than that. There were only three (freshmen) playing, so it’s a team I know can play, but it was one of those nights where we were just a step slow.” Notes: Dartmouth played without senior forward Erin Robinson, who aggravated what Gaudet called “a recurring upper body injury” during Thursday’s practice. … Dustin Walsh, a former Big Green standout who graduated earlier this year and was drafted earlier in his career by the NHL’s Montreal Canadiens, was not signed by the organization and is currently out of hockey. The Canadiens retain Walsh’s rights for one year after his last amateur game. … Neiley has a goal in each game this season. … Dartmouth had won its last two home openers. … Grant was also pulled from the Big Green’s last game with Union, last season’s finale in the ECAC playoff quarterfinals. Tris Wykes can be reached at firstname.lastname@example.org or 603-727-3227.
Eckhard Jankowsky, Ph.D., Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine researcher and Assistant Professor of Biochemistry, has been selected as one of 16 nationwide award winners for the highly competitive Burroughs Wellcome Award for Investigator in the Pathogenesis of Infectious Disease. The award, $500,000 over 5 years, provides opportunities for investigators to study the pathogenesis of infectious disease at the very elemental level. Over 138 physicians, scientists and investigators from top-medical schools vied for consideration. "To understand how a cell confronts viral pathogens on a molecular level is critical for our picture of the cellular antiviral response; especially for the response to hepatitis C, West Nile, and influenza viruses." said Jankowsky. Dr. Jankowsky's research begins in July and concentrates on molecular mechanisms by which the cellular receptors RIG-I and MDA5 identify pathogens and activate the cellular antiviral response. The result of the teamwork will have significant implications for future development of antiviral drugs. Case Western Reserve University is committed to the free exchange of ideas, reasoned debate and intellectual dialogue. Speakers and scholars with a diversity of opinions and perspectives are invited to the campus to provide the community with important points of view, some of which may be deemed controversial. The views and opinions of those invited to speak on the campus do not necessarily reflect the views of the university administration or any other segment of the university community.
The Commissioner’s re-issued bounty discipline resulted in, as a practical matter, a $564,000 gift to Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma, given that his one-year ban has been reduced to 10 games without pay, following the completion of his six-week stint on the Physically Unable to Perform list. But Vilma isn’t happy. “Rather than fairly and impartially evaluate the evidence, the Commissioner instead has wrapped his arms around the architect of pay-for-performance programs, Gregg Williams, and attributes Williams’ inflammatory language and bizarre slide shows not to Williams but to the players Williams coached,” Vilma said in a statement released by his lawyer, Peter Ginsberg. “Jonathan Vilma did not offer a bounty or any incentive to any teammate to injure an opposing player,” Ginsberg said. “Commissioner Goodell has now called every one of the dozen or more players and coaches a ‘liar’ who has played the games with Jonathan and been in the locker room with Jonathan and who has sworn under oath to that fact.” Vilma then points to the failure of Goodell to examine evidence proving that Vilma did not withdraw $10,000 from his account at any point during the 2009 postseason, in specific response to the contention that Vilma physically offered a pair of $5,000 stacks to any player who knocked former Cardinals quarterback Kurt Warner out of the 2009 divisional playoffs or who knocked former Vikings quarterback Brett Favre out of the 2009 NFC title game. Of course, there are plenty of other ways a guy can get his hands on $10,000, without use of his ATM card. The money could have come from the bounty pool. Or it could have come from someone else altogether. The core question is whether Vilma made the offer — and the NFL believes he did. Vilma believes he didn’t. “Commissioner Goodell has further damaged Jonathan’s reputation, compromised his career, and cast an unfair cloud over a fine and decent man,” Ginsberg said. “It is unfortunate that the process exhibited by the NFL has had no decency.” In other words, a vigorous appeal is coming before the Commissioner. And after the appeal process ends, it’ll be time to go back to federal court. And all of this will surely be hanging around for weeks and months to come.
Eli Whiteside had himself a day. In the 6th he argued a call on a dropped third strike and gave up 90 feet. That runner--it was ruled a passed ball--scored the go-ahead run. In the 7th, he reached when he forced out Miguel Tejada at second base. He then stole second and scored on a two-out hit by Andres Torres to tie the game. In the 9th he worked a walk off Heath Bell, and was replaced by Emmanuel Burriss. In a preview of things to come, MannyB stole second base. Chris Stewart, pinch-hitting, laid down a slick bunt to move him to third, showing us a little more of the coming attractions. The Burriss-Stewart combo would later win the game with some flashy old school ball, back when no one hit homers and they all had high socks. Single, steal, error, squeeze, run. Roger Craig would be overjoyed. Brian Wilson tried his best to blow the save, but The Man They Call Stew made a nifty pick-and-throw on a bunt to start big double play. FanGraphs says the win probability for San Diego went from 48.5% to 12.7% because of that. Way to go, Stewie. The two-headed hybrid of Eli and The Stewster will never equal Buster Posey, but that's what we've got and what we are sticking with, so "stay hot" as Kruk would say. The Giants, like the Japanese team today, needed extra time to find a way to win. But win they did. Defending league champs Giants and Texas Rangers are both 55-41 on this date, and are both in first place (TX +4, SF +3.5) in their respective Western Divisions. Both clubs have the third-best records in their leagues. p.s. Matt Cain struck out nine and his Game Score was 65.
The Disney Princess Set is a simple but fun costume set that your young daughter will love. The costume package features a tutu, glove set, and a choker necklace that come together for a cute and eye catching look. The pink satin skirt features a two tone look in a powder pink and a neon hot pink. The skirt features a tulle fabric overlay with silver trim and a white ruffled trim on the second tier. The skirt also features a character image and sequin dot accented bow focal point at the waist. The gloves included are white with a pink sequin trim and a hot pink choker necklace with a character pendant. Just add your own top and tights to the outfit and you have a great ensemble all put together. Don't miss out on this simple, no fuss outfit and order our Disney Princess Set today.
- Subscribe NowLimited Time Offer Foreclosure threatens historic Palm Beach restaurant - Brian Bandell Testa’s Palm Beach has served dinners in the wealthy town of Palm Beach since 1921, but a foreclosure lawsuit threatens to end its run. Portland, Maine-based Olympia Palm Beach filed a $3.3 million foreclosure action on July 13 against Testa Family and Testa’s Inc., according to Palm Beach County Circuit Court records. Testa Family owns the restaurant, gas station and mixed-use site at 221 Royal Poinciana Way, while Testa’s Inc. operates the historic restaurant under a lease. Michael Testa started Testa’s of Palm Beach in 1921 – when the town was only 10 years old. It has been in its current location since 1946. It is now co-managed by Tom Testa, Michelle Testa, Judy Testa Storey, Anna Striefal and Joseph Scheerer, according to state records. Testa’s Inc. also is listed as the managing member of its landlord, Testa Family. A message left for the restaurant’s owners was not returned. According to a copy of the complaint, Testa Family has been in default on a $2 million second mortgage from Olympia since December 2008, and the accrued interest has caused the debt to grow to $3.3 million. It added that Testa Family has failed in its duty to declare Testa’s Inc. in default on its lease and force it to pay fair market rent. While Olympia’s complaint admits that its interest in the property is inferior to a $6 million first mortgage given to Testa Family by Palm Beach-based Cypress Trust Co., it says that Testa Family has been delinquent on the Cypress loan since December 2008, as well. Cypress is nearing a deal to sell its mortgage to a third party, which would then foreclose on the property, according to the complaint. “Olympia is in imminent danger of losing its collateral under the note and mortgage,” Olympia stated in its complaint. Cypress COO Tom Ferguson declined to comment. Olympia seeks to have a receiver appointed over the property, and then take control of it through a public auction. If Olympia is able to meet the obligations under the Cypress mortgage, it is possible that it could hold onto the property and recover some value from its loan. Olympia’s attorney, Coral Gables-based Detra Shaw-Wilder, said she was not authorized to comment on behalf of her client. County records list Testa Family’s property as 21,554 square feet divided among a restaurant, a gas station, office, retail and apartments. The loans were drawn to redevelop the property as residential and commercial condos. However, those zoning changes have not been approved. - Most popular - FINRA disciplines five South Floridians and one securities brokerage - Lake Worth startup to appear on “Shark Tank” - Boca Raton company buys cell tower firm for $143M - Seacoast to acquire Grand Bank & Trust of Florida - Former North Miami mayor sentenced to prison for mortgage fraud scheme - The realities of doing business with Cuba - 30th annual Palm Beach International Boat Show kicks off in West Palm - Boca Raton restaurant ordered to close temporarily for fourth time - AutoNation predicts 10 million car sales by May - American Express continues layoffs in Weston, cuts 21 more jobs Audience Development Account Executive South Florida Business Journal | Fort Lauderdale, FL Team Leader GL Staffing Services Inc | West Palm Beach, FL RN Per-Diem (Home Health)- Ft. Lauderdale, FL Humana | Fort Lauderdale, FL Patient Coordinator Great Expressions Dental Centers | Pompano Beach, FL Temporary Benefits Assistant Intermedix | Fort Lauderdale, FL
Please visit my website for all the steps of this project: http://www.teardropdiy.com Each step is one day. First of all, my day job is software programmer. This is my first build. I have basic knowledge of wood working and I have some tools. The build is going to take a while (a month? two?). I only have time to work on it from 8PM until I go to sleep (about 3 hours) and in weekends when we have nothing else planed. My plan is to keep the price under $1500 $2000. You can buy already made teardrops for $4000-$11000. My Hyundai Sonata can pull a trailer of 1000lb max. My plan is to make the teardrop be under 700lb with all the equipment inside. The only size of plywood that I can bring home is 4'x8', so everything that's made of plywood should fit in that size. Here is how the side wall of the trailer should look like. A list of parts with links from where I got them: - Trailer. I'm going to use the 4x8 Super Duty Utility Trailer from Harbor Freight Tools to built the teardrop on. On the time of creation of the website, the trailer was on sale for $350. I got in mail a %20 off coupon and that made the price $280. Note: If 4' wide is not wide enough for you, you can use this trailer. It's a little more expensive, but 1 foot wider. - Doors. You can build your own door. I won't. I'm afraid that I'm not going to be able to make it water tight, so I'm going to use already-built doors. I was lucky enough to find two brand new doors for $230 both, from someone who builds teardrop as a business. Here is his business website, he sells anything you need for a teardrop, including kits and custom made teardrops (http://www.dnmteardroptrailers.com/). Note: You can use only one door on one side, and a window on the other side. I got two doors because they were cheap and I won't have to step over my wife if I have to pee at night. You also can get them from eBay. - Vent. I need a vent to put on the top of the trailer. I need one that's able to move lots of air (the door windows won't open on my doors). From my research the best vent is "Fan-Tastic Fan". I already ordered one from eBay for $120. - Hatch hindge. For the big door that lifts open at the back of the trailer. This should be water proof. I'm using a "Hurricane Hinge". Already ordered from eBay for $71. You also can get it from here. - Porch Lights. I need two porch lights to install above the doors. Ordered 3 from eBay for $63. 12V LED. - Dome Light. I also need some dome light for the inside the teardrop. Already ordered from eBay for $17.99. 12V LED. - Water pump. The best pump I found is the 12V Whale GP1352 submersible water pump. You can buy it from eBay for as low as $25. - Hatch handles. Got those from eBay. - Aluminum. I called around all the sheet metal places that I found in my area until I got the best price. I got mine from http://www.ircalum.com , they are from Portland Oregon. - Aluminum Molding. Go here and click "Online parts catalog" then go to "Moldings" - Sink/Stove combo. Got it from here. Tools I use: - Box cutter - Framing square - Wrenches. Big ones. You'll need for the trailer 16mm, 17mm, 18mm wrenches (I suppose this depends on what brand of trailer you are using) - Wireless drill - Chop saw - Table saw - Belt sander Cost so far: |Vent (Fan-tastic Fan)||$120| |Hatch hinge (5' hurricane hinge)||$71| |12V LED Porch lights (3 pcs)||$63| |12V LED Dome light (1 pcs)||$18| |Black spray paint (2 bottles)||$12| |1/2"x4'x8' Birch plywood x 3pcs (one for the floor and 2 for the side walls)||$120| |5mm Utility plywood 4'x8' x 2pcs (for side walls interior)||$23| |2x4x96 x 8pcs (for the frame, not sure if I'll use all 8 of them)||$22| |Exterior screws (1box)||$8| |Henry Asphalt Emulsion (1 gallon)||$12| |Bolts & washers & lock washers & nuts to bolt the floor frame to the trailer (3/8" x 3" 20pcs)||$26| |Bolts & washers & nuts for spare wheel (1/2" x 6" 2 pcs)||$6| |Hard foam insulation 1/2" 4'/8' (one sheet)||$10| |Hard foam insulation 3/4" 4'x8' (3 sheets)||$30| |12V Cigarette lighter socket (2 pieces)||$16| |Automotive Fuse Holder Box Holds 6 Blade Fuses||$14| |Electric Facet & Pump System||$50| |1/8" birch plywood (3 pieces)||$70| |Aluminum sheets 4x8 (1 pcs) 4x12 (2 pcs)||$170| |Aluminum molding, plastic insert for molding, External Drip Cap||$160| |1 Gallon Contact Cement||$10|
Much of the wide receiver talk in the NFL Draft has centered around Clemson's Sammy Watkins and Texas A&M's Mike Evans. Both are expected to be Top 10 picks. But there is a third receiver who some personnel people believe should be in that conversation. LSU's Odell Beckham Jr. may sneak into the first dozen picks. The Giants select 12th-overall in the first round, and one of the Pro Days that general manager Jerry Reese attended was LSU's. "Every now and then you have a player go in the top 10 [and] nobody saw it coming. How about WR Odell Beckham Jr. from LSU," former scout and current NFL Network analyst Daniel Jeremiah said recently. "This is a player a lot of people are excited about. And if we see a guy like Sammy Watkins potentially go with that No. 2 overall pick, and then you see Mike Evans go early on, I think Odell Beckham Jr. is next in line. "What he can do in the passing game -- go up and get the footall, run after the catch, can stretch the field vertically, and then the added bonus [is] he's an outstanding returner. So to me, he's a wild-card player. I think people might be shocked on the outside, but a lot of love for him inside the league." The Giants are in that group. They think highly of the explosive wide receiver. That's why he was fifth on our list of most likely players to be selected by the Giants in the first round. 5. WR Odell Beckham Jr. (LSU) -- Some teams view Beckham as the second-best WR in the draft. His route-running sets him apart from the competition. Beckham's public profile isn't at the same level as Watkins or Evans because of his size. He's not the en vogue tall receiver like Evans and isn't built as compactly as Watkins (6-1, 211 pounds). Beckham is actually built similarly to Victor Cruz (6-0, 204) except that he's even smaller. Here are Beckham NFL Combine measurements: Height/Weight: 5-11, 198 Arm Length: 32 ¾” Clearly, there is nothing special there. His athletic testing numbers were much more impressive. 40-Yard Dash: 4.43 sec. Bench Press: 7 Vertical Jump: 38.5" Broad Jump: 112" 3-Cone: 6.69 sec. 20-Yard Shuttle: 3.94 sec. 60-Yard Shuttle: 10.93 sec. As you can see, Beckham excelled in the 20 and 60-yard shuttles, which are designed to measure explosion in short areas. That explosion showed on tape. Beckham stood out for his burst off the line of scrimmage, his sharp cuts and precise route-running. He also had a good feel for the game and regularly attacked the football. Several times in the three games I watched, Beckham came back for the ball beautifully. He made snatch grabs one after another with his hands. Only once in the three games was there an instance where he caught the ball with his body. It wasn't hard to see why some teams may be so high on the LSU product. Add in his return ability (he was an excellent kickoff returner and average punt returner) and some teams -- possibly the Giants -- likely have him as a Top 10 player on their board. The wild-card team in this year's draft, the San Francisco 49ers with 11 picks, are believed to be "very interested" in Beckham. A move into the early teens to grab him wouldn't be surprising. There are some negatives with Beckham. He's a "little bit of a knucklehead," draft expert Nolan Nawrocki quoted a scout in his book "NFL Draft 2014 Preview." Beckham also struggled at times making contested catches in the air. That was never more evident than in a 2013 matchup against TCU and likely early-round pick Jason Verrett. Beckham dropped at least three very catchable passes in that contest. (h/t DraftBreakdown.com) Still, there were way more positive from Beckham on tape than negative. He played at a different speed than everyone else, including fellow LSU wide receiver Jarvis Landry, who himself is expected to be selected in the middle rounds. Beckham has versatility (can play the X, Z, and slot), run-after-the-catch ability and can climb the ladder. As one NFL scout said: "He's not Sammy, but he's darn good." Good enough where he's worth the No. 12 overall pick for the Giants? Depending on how the draft unfolds (if three or four offensive tackles and Watkins and Evans are off the board in the first 11 picks), there would be a very good chance.
GO - on AGDA NSW blog Posted: Jun 3rd 2013 No. of comments: 0 We all know and love Semi-Permanent, but it's not the only great design event out there. There are some excellent creative conferences happening that might have passed you by - until now! Check out our go-to events below. Ever been to a creative conference, listened to a great speaker talk about their life's work, but wish they could explain in more details how on earth they'd come up with something so brilliant? Field Trip tries to answer that feeling. A collaboration between the Jacky Winter Group and Australian Infront, Field Trip features six industry professionals who, just like in a live cooking show, take you through their recipe for success, sharing their creative process from start to finish. It hits Sydney this year on Tuesday 27th August. A series of inspirational breakfast-time talks dreamt up by Tina Roth Eisenberg, aka Swiss Miss (who's also the founder of other super successful side-projects TeuxDeux and Tattly). CM has just celebrated its first birthday, and the best part is that this lecture series is completely free. If you haven't had the chance yet to get along to one, there are video recordings of the presentations. Check out their site for upcoming talks. It's not all about seeing how they light up the Opera House - Vivid is the chance to share some great creative ideas. Last week Irish artist David Shrigley talked through his creative process; the week before &company sponsored a series of industry talks called "Design Your Day Job". We personally like the sound of Freelance Fridays, a chance for all your isolated freelancers out there to pop on down to the MCA to meet other like-minded creatives to wind down after your week working alone. Vivid comes to a close next Monday, 10 June. The Sydney Film Festival is the perfect opportunity to gawk at the very best title sequences in cinema history. (Our personal favourites are Robert Brownjohn's projected type in From Russia With Love, and the incredible shadow-puppet illustration end credits to Lemony Snicket's Series of Unfortunate Events.) From Thursday 6th June until Friday 14th June the Sydney Film Festival Hub will be showing a video installation by Canadian artist Barr Gilmore, which remixes 100 famous titles sequences. Heading down to Melbourne soon? See what Creative Women's Circle have coming up; their conversations with industry leaders are always fascinating. Sex Drugs and Helvetica, the one-day talk created by the founder of Positive Posters, Nick Hallam, will be happening in August. If you happen to be flying up to the Sunshine State this September, Typism is a new Brisbane-based conference celebrating the best typographers in Australia right now. But don't forget the two awesome conferences that happened in Brissie earlier this year - Analogue/Digital and Responsive Projects gathered a bunch of talented creatives together to talk about design's role in society. Keep those two in mind for next year. Originally posted on AGDA NSW's blog. Check it out to see what other studios have been sharing the past few months!
- Dear Abby - Games & Puzzles - Events & Exhibits - Food & Drink - Arts & Music - Movies & TV John C. Markowicz, a naval officer and leader in the region’s economic development efforts and the fight to save the Naval Submarine Base from closure, died Friday of brain cancer. Markowicz, 68, was a fixture in economic development circles in southeastern Connecticut in several capacities, including serving as executive director of the Southeastern Connecticut Enterprise Region (SeCTer). In 2005, Markowicz chaired the local Subase Realignment Coalition in battling the Pentagon’s proposal to close the sub base. The federal Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission (BRAC) eventually removed the Groton base from the closure list. Several local officials who worked with Markowicz on the effort to reverse the base closure recommendation credited his leadership and tenacity for the success. “He was the glue that held it together,” said Denny Hicks, a coalition member and fellow Waterford resident. “He had been through it two times before. We were the novices and he was the one who planned the strategy and chaired the group in saving the sub base.” “The entire region owes John a huge debt of gratitude for the work he did on the sub base,” said Tony Sheridan, former Waterford first selectman and current president of the Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut. Sheridan recalled being in a room with Markowicz, then-Gov. M. Jodi Rell and then-U.S. Sen. Joe Lieberman when the Pentagon’s recommendation to close the Groton sub base was announced. “We were shocked,” Sheridan said. “John was great at harnessing the local energy to keep up the fight on the home front.” Former Republican U.S. Rep. Rob Simmons said the group at that meeting in Markowicz’s office at SeCTer was “stunned,” but within minutes — the time it took to walk across the street to a press conference — they became resolved to fight and to win. “The thing I remember most about John was his tenacious ability to focus all of his energies on the problem at hand and to bring his background and experience to bear in a very concise fashion.” On Aug. 24, 2005, the group celebrated victory at the Hampton Inn in Groton, when the BRAC Commission voted 7-1 to spare the Groton base. But Markowicz and others did not stop working on efforts to keep the Groton sub base open. The state congressional delegation won support for $150 million in infrastructure investment in the sub base since 2005 to better position the base. Connecticut became the first state to fully fund a construction project on a defense base, with $7.6 million in construction improvements in 2009. “He played a very, very critical role in formulating a defense for the region not to downsize or realign the sub base,” said Mark Oefinger, chairman of the SeCTer board of directors and Groton’s town manager. “I can’t speak enough about the role that John played during those various defenses.” State Sen. Andrea Stillman, D-Waterford, a member of the coalition, credited Markowicz with lobbying for improvements to the base to help protect it from future possible closure. “He made it clear to the Navy that these are assets you don’t throw away,” Stillman said. “Because of his contacts in Washington through his Navy career, he knew what would make the base more attractive. He really led the way in reinforcing the importance of the sub base to the region.” The Groton base has a $4.5 billion annual economic impact on the state’s economy. Markowicz attended his final coalition meeting nearly a year ago at the conference center at Fort Trumbull when members speculated on a possible future base closing process. After the meeting, Markowicz said he was pleased to see many of the people who had worked to save the base still active, but he couldn’t be sure their efforts to improve the base would help it to survive a future BRAC process. Stillman and others acknowledged that Markowicz could be difficult and demanding at times, but she said that trait was necessary in dealing with the sub base and other economic development efforts. His attention to detail was essential to the success, she said. “He was at times almost a bulldog,” Stillman said. “He wanted to make sure things were done properly and there was clarity of purpose. He cared very much for this region. When you worked on a project with John, you always felt it was in good hands.” A career in Navy, beyond Markowicz was born in Lynn, Mass., on March 4, 1944, and grew up in Salem, Mass. He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1965 and launched a career in nuclear submarines, completing Nuclear Power School in Bainbridge, Md., prototype training in Windsor Locks, Conn., and the Naval Submarine School in Groton. He rose to the rank of captain and earned several citations during his naval career. In 1976, he left active duty service and continued his naval service through the Naval Reserve. He participated in and commanded several Reserve units before retiring after 34 years of honorable service. In 1976, Markowicz joined David and Muriel Hinkle at the defense contracting company Sonalysts Inc. and moved to Waterford. He became chief operations officer and saw the company grow from six employees to more than 400 with offices located throughout the country. Markowicz left Sonalysts in 1994 and became involved in economic development efforts in southeastern Connecticut. He worked with Tech Conn and Sea Tech to stir business development throughout the region. In 1997, he joined SeCTer, an organization he helped to found, and served as executive director until his illness forced him to step aside several months ago. His community service included membership to the Waterford Nuclear Advisory Board, Lawrence + Memorial Hospital Corporators, and the parish council of St. Joseph Church, where he was a longtime parishioner. Markowicz was a member of the state Nuclear Energy Advisory Council and served as chairman from 2001 to 2005. He is survived by his wife, Dolores “Laurie,” son John C. Markowicz Jr. and his family, and daughter Karen Lynn Noyes and her family. Markowicz Jr. serves in the Navy, lives in Arlington, Va., and works at the Pentagon. He was selected for the rank of captain in September. Karen Lynn Noyes is a lieutenant commander in the Navy Nurse Corps. Laurie Markowicz said Saturday that when she told her 91-year-old mother that John had died, her mother sighed and said, “Such a good person.” “I can’t think of a better description,” she said of her late husband. A Mass of Christian Burial will be held at 11 a.m. Thursday at St. Joseph Church in New London. A private entombment will be in St. Mary Cemetery. Calling hours will be held from 2 to 6 p.m. Wednesday at Byles Memorial Home, 99 Huntington St., New London.
The Highway Patrol now says there were 21 different accidents on the Neuse River Bridge in Craven County last night with 35 vehicles involved. Icy conditions on the high-rise four-lane span started around 5:30 p.m. Friday night. Sgt. Tim Wells says troopers shut down the bridge until the D.O.T. could treat the span. It reopened to traffic around five hours later. Wells says no one died in any of the crashes, but there were multiple injuries. Three different troopers were handling the crash reports. As for Saturday, Sgt. Wells says the bridge remains open, but motorists should still use some caution and watch their speed. 20 wrecks which happened at virtually the same time on the icy Neuse Bridge Friday night about 5:30 p.m. shut down the bridge in and out of New Bern for several hours according to Sgt. Tim Wells with the Highway Patrol. It reopened about 10:30 p.m. Sgt Wells says 35 vehicles were involved and there were injuries, but he doesn't know how many or how serious. He says the crashes weren't necessarily chain reaction events, but they basically all happened at the same time as drivers tried to avoid other vehicles on the icy bridge. Stay with WITN and witn.com for details as they become available.
FORT MYERS, Fla. -- Right-hander Liam Hendriks, who is battling for a spot in the rotation, is excited about the opportunity to start the Hammond Stadium opener on Sunday, against the Rays. Hendriks had a bone chip removed from his elbow in November but said that he's fully healthy and looking forward to progressing to pitching in games after throwing batting practice this week. "It's pretty cool," Hendriks said. "When I was here last year, I relieved, like, the first three or four outings, so it's cool to get that start and get into my routine. It's going to be fun." Hendriks fared well in Spring Training last year, posting a 2.84 ERA in eight games, including four starts. He made the rotation out of camp but missed his first start due to a bout with food poisoning. He ended up struggling, though, with a 5.59 ERA in 16 starts despite success at Triple-A Rochester, where he recorded a 2.20 ERA in 16 outings. He's ready to move on and wants to see if his improved mechanics will translate in his first start. "It feels good to actually get in there and throw against guys I haven't seen in a while," he said. "It's kind of a different feeling than live BP. It's game situations, so it'll be good. I'm excited for it and ready to see how everything is going." After Hendriks, other pitchers scheduled to throw are closer Glen Perkins, Jared Burton, Brian Duensing, Kyle Gibson, Bryan Augenstein, Luis Perdomo, Anthony Slama and Deolis Guerra. Augenstein, Perdomo and Slama are also making the trip to Sarasota to play the Orioles on Saturday, so if they pitch in the Grapefruit League opener, they won't pitch on Sunday.
||Five years old| ||New Jersey, USA| Melody is such a sweet horse. Everyone at the barn calls him Junior because of his personality. He is one of the sweetest horses I've ever met despite his cute face. He loves to gallop around his field chasing all the bigger horses around. He is only 15.1 hands high, but his heart is the size of a draft horse. Junior's favorite treats are the favored carrots, apples, and peppermints. He'll even shake his head "yes" if I ask him if he wants a treat. He's such a smart horse. In his spare time, he lets me ride him. We have a lot of fun but also get a lot of work done. Junior's a pleasure to ride but he still has a goofy streak in him, as do most five year olds. He always has something new up his sleeve, and that's what makes him so much fun to ride and work with!
I expected the paper inside the scrapbook to be bound by the three rivets that is shown on the cover. However, the twine that is tied on the side is what holds the paper together. It is very flimsy and not at all what I wanted or expected. It would have been nice if more pictures were offered to see what it looked like inside. i like the outside, but the inside was unacceptable. You must be logged in to comment. Please click here to log in.
Alright guys...here's my gift from me to you. I was going to use this idea myself but I can't get free of other stuff tonight so won't be needing this...It's simple and when people ask what you are, and you tell them, you'll probably get a few laughs. Just wear nothing but gray clothing....from head to toe: shirt, tie, pants, shoes...light grays, dark grays...then get some gray or silver spray for your hair and if you're really ambitious, gray face paint. Maybe a gray hat. What are you??? 50 Shades of Gray!!! hahaha By the way...here's what I did the last two halloweens if you wanna try and pull off these! You've probably seen the infomercial for Insanity. It's brought to you by the marketing geniuses that brought you P90X. This workout is totally different. Here are the plus and minuses of Insanity: Plus: it's only 60 days long workouts are short the first month...about 40 minutes you will lose bodyfat and improve your cardio endurance DRAMATICALLY you don't need a single piece of equipment. Nothing! Not even a mat. Nothing. Sean T. is a great motivator and everything is explained well including the meal plan (super easy to follow and you won't starve at all) Minuses: It's BRUTALLY hard and it's mostly plyometrics (jump fitness) the lack of equipment means less exercises to choose from which means it can be repetitive at times You will sweat like you never have before and you should absolutely wear a heart monitor! It's that intense. The second month will probably make many people give up! (don't!!!) And most importantly, your kness will take a pounding from the excessive jumping, day after day, six days a week Here's my thoughts: It's great if you're an athlete looking to improve cardio strength or leg strength. It's GREAT for flexibility too and for losing bodyfat. But for anyone with joint issues or prior knee injuries, I would choose a different program. If you haven't exercised on a regular basis in awhile, I would NOT start with this program. Beach Body has tons of great programs like P90X, P90X2, Brazilian Butt Lift, Ten Minute Trainer and about 10 others. You can check all of them out at my website nepa90.com. That;s how much I believe in this company....Feel free to email me with any questions. And just for the record, after having tried virtually all the workouts (with the exception of their new bodybuilding program Body Beast, which I start Tuesday), I would rate P90X as still the best program I've ever experienced. Good luck! You know I'm a guy that attends alot of weddings and really care about how I look. I am absolutely in LOVE with my newest suit aquisition; this Hugo Boss masterpiece sold exclusively at Friedman's in Dunmore. If you are really discriminating about your wardrobe, I wanted to tip you off to a rare chance to see exclusive new lines at SPECIAL pricing for one day only! The trunk show is Wednesday, October 10th from 12noon to 6pm (later by appt). The hot new lines for men and women include Hickey Freeman, Allen Edmonds Footwear, the incredibly hot Barbour Footwear line and all new for the fall, the Blackstone shoe line (designed and priced for trendy young men). Tell Phil I sent ya!! I don't have any kids, but I have lots of female friends that do. And kids in this country have fallen in love with soccer. (well...til high school then they'll rejoin us big kids for for football, basketball, baseball, etc.....) But I quickly realized soccer is ALOT more than driving the little ones to a game once a week! It's more like practices, practices, buy equipment, meetings, practices and eventually the games. And more games. I get exhausted listening to my friends run down their schedule! Of course this is in addition to the million other things parents have to do. But naturally you try do anything and everything for your kids. Good for you! Hopefully they'll remember all this one day when you're in a rocking chair thinking about the good ol days when you were racing all over n.e. Pa on your way to soccer! I know many of you love P90X so I thought I would give you my thoughts on the new version. (P90X 2). It's really hard like its predecessor but focuses more on your core. Great if you're into sports or simply need a change of pace from the original( which I still prefer) but it's definitely challenging and wll greatly increase your fitness level. (and your balance!) Btw...Ab Ripper in X2 is far better! Friedman's in Dunmore has some amazing shirts that are both hip and trendy, and you won't find these babies at the mall! And now thru sunday, almost the entire store is on sale (and I mean HUGE price cuts!)....Friedman's is on Drinker Street in Dunmore...Happy Dad's Day!
Please select the size of the product. Please enter valid quantity. purple plastic 'Stained Glass Plasteramic' link bracelet watch We're sorry. This style is currently unavailable. Purple / White Who says your timepiece can t pack a heavy dose of eye candy? Opt for neon hued watches from whimsical Milan-based label TOYWATCH. - Color: Purple / White - Plastic 41mm case with unidirectional bezel featuring Arabic numerals - White dial with white glow-in-the-dark and geometric hour markers, luminescent hands, and magnified date display at 3 o’clock - Screw-down crown at 3 o’clock - Purple tinted scratch resistant mineral crystal - Quartz movement - 5/8'' wide plastic link bracelet with stainless steel deployment clasp - Water resistant up to 5 ATM (50 meters / 165 feet) - All measurements are approximate - Every TOYWATCH comes with a one-year limited warranty. The terms of this warranty are in the international warranty document provided with each watch. Please note the warranty does not cover the life of the battery, the normal wear and aging of the crystal or the strap. The warranty does not cover any damage on any part of the watch resulting from abnormal use, lack of care, negligence, accidents, incorrect use of the watch and non-observance of the directions provided by TOYWATCH. Plastic / Stainless Steel;
Overview: The Rockford Fosgate Prime R1200-1D is a mono Class D amplifier. It is optimized to power subwoofers, and is 1-ohm stable. The Class D design is very efficient with a cast aluminum heatsink to keep it in a small footprint. The amplifier has 85% average efficiency at 4-ohms or 2-ohms, and 80% at 1-ohm. CEA 2006 Compliant: The R1200-1D's power ratings are measured according to the strict standards dictated by the Consumer Electronics Association (CEA). These standards allow you to accurately compare the rated power output of all CEA 2006-compliant amplifiers, even different brands. Manufacturers who adhere to the standards can display the CEA 2006 logo on their products and packaging. The RMS power output is as follows (measured with a 14.4 volt input, <1% THD+N, 20 Hz-250 Hz): - 4-Ohm: 400 watts x 1 - 2-Ohm: 800 watts x 1 - 1-Ohm: 1200 watts x 1 LED Indicator: The amplifier is equipped with a top-mounted LED indicator which illuminates blue when the unit is turned on. The LED illuminates red when a protection circuit engages (short circuit or too low an impedance is detected at the speaker connections). The amplifier automatically turns off if this occurs. Mounting: The amplifier can be mounted vertically, horizontally, or inverted using the supplied mounting screws; horizontal mounting (right side up) will provide the best cooling. Amp Controls: The R1200-1D has the following top-mounted controls: - Gain Control: a rotary gain control that can be adjusted from 1 - Low Pass Filter: a 12 dB/octave Butterworth low pass filter with a crossover point variable from 50 Hz to 250 Hz - Infrasonic Filter: a variable 15-40Hz, 12 dB/octave infrasonic filter designed to prevent frequencies below the audio range from being applied to the subwoofer - Punch EQ: a rotary bass boost control, centered at 45 Hz, from 0 dB to +18 dB Remote Punch Level Control: The amplifier includes a wired Remote Punch Level Control, which is linked to the gain control of the amplifier. The module allows you to remotely control the output level of the amplifier from the dash or center console of your vehicle. The Remote Punch Level Control features a rotary dial, and comes with mounting hardware and a 16.5' Terminals: The amplifier features heavy duty, nickel-plated set-screw terminals. The set screws can be tightened or loosened with the supplied 3mm Allen wrench. The terminals include: - Power/Ground: will accommodate up to 4-gauge wire - Remote Turn-On: will accommodate up to 8-gauge wire - Speaker Terminals: will accommodate up to 8-gauge wire. Two Positive (+) and Negative (-) terminals are provided for installation flexibility. Both terminals are wired in parallel internally. Fuses: The amplifier does not have on-board fuses. A 100A fuse should be placed on the power wire within 18" of the battery. RCA Input Jack: The RCA input jacks are nickel-plated to resist signal degradation caused RCA Pass-Thru Jacks: The nickel-plated RCA pass-thru jack provides a convenient source for daisy-chaining an additional amplifier without running an extra set of RCA cables from the front of the vehicle to the Our Product Research Team At Crutchfield, you'll get detailed, accurate information that's hard to find elsewhere. That's because we have our own in-house Product Research team. They verify what’s in the box, check the owner's manual, and record dimensions, features and specs. We stay on top of new products and technologies to help people make informed choices.
Talk of cutting taxes increasing in Wisconsin MADISON, Wis. — Talk of cutting taxes in Wisconsin is starting to grow heading into a major election year. The ideas vary widely — everything from a narrow sales tax holiday to outright eliminating the state income tax. Whether anything can be done next year, and to what degree, will likely be dictated by how rosy updated tax collection estimates are when released in mid-January. Gov. Scott Walker has not proposed any tax cuts for the coming legislative session, but he's pulled surprises before. In October he cited higher-than-anticipated tax collections when he hastily announced a $100 million property tax cut. Walker unveiled that plan just three days after Democrat Mary Burke got in the governor's race. In November, 17 of 33 state senators and all 99 Assembly members are on the ballot, along with Walker. Walker, in an interview with The Associated Press, said during the campaign next year he plans to "lay out a whole bunch of promises" including tax reform. He's already dispatched Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch and Revenue Department Secretary Rick Chandler to businesses around the state to gather ideas. Burke, a former state Commerce secretary and executive at Trek Bicycle Corp., has yet to detail her own tax reduction plans but will do so during the campaign, her spokesman said. One idea Walker has already floated, but not officially proposed, is eliminating the state income tax. That's been met with harsh opposition from Democrats and others and a lukewarm reception from Assembly Speaker Robin Vos, a Republican. Eliminating the income tax would be "a little tough to do" because of how much sales taxes would have to go up, Vos said. "I don't want Wisconsin to have the highest sales tax in the country," Vos said. Although Vos said he was interested in the concept, he said it wasn't anything the Legislature would look at seriously until 2015 at the earliest. Democrats and others point out that eliminating the income tax and increasing sales taxes will hurt the poor, who have little or no income but still purchase goods and services that will be subject to higher taxes. The Wisconsin Council on Children and Families released one analysis that showed only the top 20 percent of earners — those who make an average of $113,000 a year or more — would see taxes drop if individual and corporate income taxes were repealed. That study assumed that the state sales tax rate would increase from 5 percent to 13.5 percent to make up the difference. All but 10 of Wisconsin's counties also charge a half-cent sales tax. "We won't create prosperity and jobs for Wisconsin by raising taxes on most families just to pay for tax cuts for the rich," said Jon Peacock, research director for the council that advocates for children and family issues. Talk of eliminating the income tax comes after the Legislature this year passed Walker's $650 million income tax cut. The average tax filer will get $158 more refunded in 2014 as a result of that. Instead of eliminating the income tax, if tax collections are strong enough, Vos said he could support a limited sales tax holiday. Rep. Chad Weininger, R-Green Bay, and Sen. Rick Gudex, R-Fond du Lac, in February proposed waiving the state sales tax for one weekend in August on a variety of back-to-school items, including computers and instructional materials. It would also create a similar weekend sales tax holiday in November for purchases of appliances and other products with the Energy Star designation. The bill has not gotten a public hearing in either the Senate or Assembly. But Vos said it's an idea he would be open to exploring "only if the revenues show we're there." Vos said he's also open to other ideas, including more property tax cuts. On average, this year's tax cut will reduce taxes on the typical home $13 this year and $20 next year. It's unclear what direction the Senate may take. Republican Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald hasn't said what his priorities will be, and his spokesman has said that lawmakers are waiting to see the updated tax collection numbers next month.
January 22, 2014 - 16:07 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - The employer with the most IT job postings last year was Amazon.com, with 16,146 ads, exceeding most other IT firms by a wide margin, a new report says, according to ComputerWorld. The three top runners-up in 2013 U.S. job postings were Accenture, at 14,240 and Deloitte, at 13,077 job ads, according to CompTIA's annual IT Industry Outlook report. Accenture, recently hired by the U.S. government to be the new lead contractor for the troubledHealthcare.gov web site, and Deloitte, are IT services firms. Amazon recently won a contract with the CIA to develop a compute cloud. It has been hiring IT staff with security clearances,ComputerWorld says. CompTIA based the report on data from Burning Glass Technologies in Boston, which analyzes online job postings from approximately 32,000 jobs sites. Microsoft had the fourth most IT job postings at 12,435, followed by Best Buy with 10,725 job ads, and IBM at 10,221, according to CompTIA, a trade association that also runs a professional certification program. Best Buy's IT hiring may be due to its computer user support and Geek Squad operation, said Matthew Sigelman, the CEO of Burning Glass. Sigelman said Best Buy's hiring also represents the growing importance of "middle skill" IT jobs, or those that don't necessarily require a bachelor's degree. Last year, Burning Glass saw about 200,000 job ads in IT that did not require a bachelor's degree, he said. In its forecast for the year ahead, CompTIA predicts a worldwide IT industry hiring growth rate of 3.4% with upside potential of 5.9%. Its survey found that mid-sized IT firms will be more aggressive in hiring for both technical and non-technical positions.
Often Bought Together Last edited by James Timoney - A must-have essential, this shirt's style has been voted "most popular" by clubs, teams, groups, and schools across America. - Shoulder-to-shoulder tape. - Ribbed collar. - Made of pre-shrunk material. - Double needle sleeve and bottom hem. - Crazy Deal of the Day: Bee Gees clothes. - 100% Cotton. Heather is 90/10 cotton/poly. - Shoulders and neck are cover-seamed. No reviews yet
Search Results 1 products - Guest House “The Old Borough Arms Hotel was built in 1720 and was for many years a smugglers inn of some ill repute. Situated at the foot of Rye's famous Mermaid Street, it overlooks the Strand Quay with its bustling antique shops and restaurants. Family run,we aim to provide a happy and relaxing atmosphere...
- Special Sections - Public Notices To the editor: I just received another flyer critizing a political opponent. In this case the candidate’s “Public Disclosure” shows he receives both a state pension and Social Security. This item is highlighted and there is a statement “Two taxpayer funded checks every month.” While I’m no multi-millionaire, I receive those same two checks every month. Before my retirement I periodically received a printout showing my employer’s contribution to the State Retirement System. Everyone who is legitimately employed also pays into Social Security. Is the Republican Party telling us that after working for years and paying into retirement systems, we should not collect and are a burden on taxpayers? By the way, I’m still a taxpayer as is the critized candidate. While the statement on the flyer is true, why try to make it sound like something underhanded took place? All it tells me is that the candidate worked for a state agency long enough to receive a pension and paid into and is now eligible to receive Social Security.
My computer has a PCI Express x16 socket on the motherboard. What is the minimum graphics card I need to get smooth fullscreen 1080p playback? The minimum? What a question. I have several nVidia based graphic cards with both 512 MB and 1024 MB in different systems, and both are good for playing high definition video files. The best, of course, is the 1024 MB card, which is not expensive at all. You may experience a better performance starting at 1024 MB video card. And I am talking to those times when you wish to play a high definition video and do something else. Or when using two monitors to extend the desktop, etc. There are new video cards with DDR3 memory systems which will absolutely work better than DDR2 memory based systems. I prefer the nVidia's but I know that ATI's are also good and many people prefer ATI over nVidia and I have seen an ATI RADEON with 3 GB memory system at work, owned by a gamer friend. Take in consideration that any video card starting at 1024 MB memory system will do the work with ease. My nVidia models are: And my favorite and the one that I am using when writing this is the: This graphic card features no fan and a big aluminum heat sink, which makes absolute silently performance and you won't face the problems when the fan fails because of the dust or typical problems on the fan. In this link you can find a screen recording of my system when playing a RAW mpeg HD Video file when using dual monitor view. (Take in consideration that I am running in a 2GB RAM system and the screen capture may differ of what I see on this side). The video is played windowed and full screen in my left side monitor. For download only, at: http://geppettvs.servehttp.com/resources/desktop.ogv (right click, save target as) In VLC, Menu "Media" and "Open Network Stream", enter the url and click "Play". The specs of the video file can be seen in the next screenshots. My current monitor config in the next screenshot: I can't provide you with an direct suggestion, but you should make sure to buy an nVidia card with VDPAU-Support. VDPAU provides hardware accelerated video playback for supported formats/codecs. I'm having a GeForce 9600 GT myself and got perfectly smooth video using Smplayer. No need to incline to Nvidia. Just chose what performs best at your budget. I would also check out the recommended/tested list of graphics card on Ubuntu. Like ATI ones are here - https://help.ubuntu.com/community/RadeonDriver I used to play HD fine with my ATI HD 4850 512MB. And yes you would need to enable VAAPI support in a player (that has support for it), like mplayer and make sure it actually uses your GPU.
kidsunlimited Church Crookham Springfield House, Blue Prior, Redfields Lane, Church Crookham, GU52 0RJ 0845 365 2905 3 months to 5 years kidsunlimited day nurseries are holding a UK-wide Open Day on Friday 20th September between 9am and 5pm. This is a great opportunity to meet our team and discover how we create an environment where your child will have boundless opportunities to learn through imagination, creativity and play. Register on the day for FREE. For more information about your local nursery or to book a visit please contact us on 0845 365 2905 or visit http://www.kidsunlimited.co.uk/open-day Times and prices are subject to change. Contact venue before setting out. Please login first.
Van Damme is back yet again, this time on both sides of the camera as well as in the editing suite. Following his butt-kicking self-confession in “JCVD,” Van Damme is back yet again, this time on both sides of the camera as well as in the editing suite (where he’s tripping out a la Godard) in psycho-actioner “The Eagle Path.” For a good hour, the pic plays like a forgettable ’80s thriller with the “Bloodsport” star saving a hooker from a horde of Thai thugs. But things take a wild turn in the closing reels, which combine gory shootouts with Freudian-themed montages that feature JCVD trying to outrival JLG, resulting in a DTV item that will interest only diehard fans.There’s something earnestly off-the-wall in this first directorial effort from the 49-year-old Belgian. Both a throwaway revenge pic and an artsy unveiling of inner traumas, “The Eagle Path” feels as if Van Damme can’t shake his roots in B-grade combat films and is doing his ultimate fighting best to remake them as a European auteur. What results is borderline unwatchable, even if the star puts his all into the role of Frenchie, a Vietnam vet overcome by memories of an abusive father. Apart from the Soviet-style editing, tech is shoot-‘em-up standard.
All five Johnston Press titles which made the switch from daily to weekly publication saw double-digit falls in circulation in the last six months of 2012 when compared to the initial period following the frequency changes. Five of the regional publisher’s titles went weekly in May and the last ABC figures showed that they all saw dramatic increases in sales in the month following the relaunches. However, the figures for the rest of the year, which have just been released, showed each JP title saw double digit falls from the high of June, although the figures also show they are all still selling significantly more copies as weekly titles than as daily ones. The latest figures show the Northants Telegraph’s circulation now stands at 19,314, down 18.1pc from the sales of 23,590 it achieved immediately after its relaunch. Sales at sister title the Northampton Chronicle and Echo stand at 19,598, down 14.8pc on last June, while at the Peterborough Telegraph the circulation is now 16,707, down 16.2pc. Of JP’s Yorkshire titles which went weekly, the Scarborough News’ circulation is down 11.5pc to 14,806 and the Halifax Courier’s sales are down 12.7pc to 18,801. However when the current weekly circulations of the five titles are compared with their last month as dailies, a different picture emerges. The Northants Telegraph managed an average circulation of 17,018 in its last audited period as a daily, meaning its current weekly circulation of 19,314 represents an increase of 13.5pc. Similarly the Northampton Chronicle and Echo is up 28.9pc on its last recorded daily circulation of 15,197 and the Peterborough Telegraph up 20.7pc on its January – June 2012 figure of 13,834. Of the two Yorkshire titles, the standout performance was from the Scarborough News, which was up 49.3pc on its final six months as a daily when it sold an average 9,914 copies. And the Halifax Courier, which averaged 14,272 in the January – June 2012 period, is now up 31.7pc .at 18,801. The latest figures also saw year-on-year circulation falls for the four former Northcliffe regional dailies, now owned by Local World, which went weekly in 2011. The Lincolnshire Echo’s circulation fell 19.8pc, the Scunthorpe Telegraph fell 9.9pc, the Torquay Herald Express fell 14.3pc and the Exeter Express & Echo fell 18.8pc. Trinity Mirror title the Liverpool Post went weekly in January last year and its sales now stand at 5,727, down 20.4pc from last June.
Summary: This is a wonderful family day outing with spectacular views of Anacapa Island, part of the Channel Islands National Park. The trip starts with a 1 hour ride to Anacapa, where you are likely to see pods of porpoises, seals, and large pelicans along the way. After walking up 153 stairs from the sea cliffs to level ground, you can visit a park exhibit and take an easy 2 mile loop trail along the edge of this spectacular island. Rangers provide a narrated walk along the trails, or your can just do your own thing. This is a unique experience not to be missed with crystal clear water, awesome sea caves and arches, and lovely wildflowers in the spring. Trailhead: A company by the name of Island Packers operate shuttle boats that will take you out to Anacapa Island. The boats leave from Channel Islands Harbor and Ventura Harbor. Call Island Packers at (805) 642-1393 to get departure time, rates, and directions to the dock. (Lat:34.01663 Lon:-119.36209) Trail Guides for Anacapa Island: Day Hikers Guide to Southern California by John McKinney (Olympus Press) On The Trail - Malibu to Santa Barbara by Cathy Philipp (Cathy Philipp Publishing) by Tom Stienstra & Ann Marie Brown (Foghorn Press) Best Seasons: Year-Round User Groups: Hikers, Ranger Contact: Channel Islands National Park - (805) 658-5730 Localhikes Reporter: This hike was submitted by Jim Zuber, who has posted 104 other hikes on this site Trail Reviews Page 1 of 2 Submit your own review Reviewed by Tom on 1/1/2012 This hike should actually be labeled as Ventura, and not Oxnard since the National Park headquarters is in Ventura Harbor. I would start here to get a history of the islands and then take a boat over to the island. Hiking is really nice. Reviewed by Carla Huguet on 7/7/2011 i went there with a couple of friends last weekend, it was awesome! people that are sea sick don't need to be afraid at all of the one-hour-trip since the ferry doesn't go very fast (says me, a first timer) plus, you get to see a lot of sea life on your way there. it is true that there's certain smell due to the great amount of sea gulls in the island and that some of them very agressive, but you're given all the info to handle them during a brief introduction when you arrive to the island. you can finish the trail in a couple hours and whatever hard time you may have during the hike, it is completely paid off when you get to inspiration point, which is really amazing to see either with a with a sunny sky or during sunset. Reviewed by CoryC on 7/10/2010 i went here on a marine biology trip of the channel islands and this place was amazing. Inspiration point was beautiful and the hike was fun and incredibly interesting. I would definitley recommend going there. Reviewed by Rob on 6/14/2009 Be advised the entire island is covered in bird shit. Those that submitted good reviews must like walking around on a big rock that is covered in bird shit ... that's weird. Reviewed by Jim on 1/6/2009 This is an amazing island and would recommend at least a one-time visit to everyone. Reviewed by Bill on 6/30/2008 My wife, 15 yo daughter and I took the 2 hour tour of the island June 28 through Island Packers. The island and it's history are fascinating. The veiws from Inspiration Point are breathtaking and definitely worth the trip! Reviewed by Jay on 11/5/2006 I have been to Ana Capa many times throughout the years. (I can now get there in my own boat!) Although this page describes the hike as "year round", I recommend Spring time. The seagulls are breeding, and you will see hundreds of them sitting on their nests right off of the trail. A little later all of the chicks will be running around. Quite a sight! Also, everything is green and in bloom in the Spring. Beautiful and spectacular. Reviewed by gisteacher on 1/20/2006 one of my favorite places and I have lived many places in the world. Some folks say a few hours is all you need on anacapa ... I say good. More solitude for others! :-) kayak around the island .. I use www.islandkayakers.com and of course island packers who can be rude once and a while but do we have a choice? I wont say the best times to visit because .. well! Notice: Traveling in the backcountry can be hazardous. You are responsible for informing yourself about these hazards and taking necessary precautions. Information on this web site comes from volunteer reporters and may contain errors or omissions. A current guidebook and proper equipment are essential for safe enjoyment of the hikes posted on this site. Keys: California Hiking, California Trails, California Hikes, Ventura County Hiking, Ventura County Trails, Ventura County Hikes
New NEP Supershooters HD truck makes maiden voyage at U.S. Open NEP Broadcasting was the primary supplier of TV production technology to broadcasters delivering global coverage of the 107th U.S. Open from Oakmont Country Club in Pittsburgh last week. NBC and ESPN coverage of the event was captured by NEP Supershooters' ND4, its newest HD truck. Coverage of the U.S. Open was the ND4’s maiden voyage — only 2mi from where the unit was designed and built. Outfitted with a virtual monitor wall within a spacious control room and furnished with a Thomson Grass Valley Kalypso switcher, Calrec Alpha audio console, Sony HDC1500 cameras and several EVS LSMs, the new ND4 joined NEP Supershooters' fleet of mobile trucks at the U.S. Open to form a massive broadcast compound. For this year's Open Championship, NEP supplied more than $50 million worth of equipment and hardware to leading TV networks from around the globe, which, in addition to NBC and ESPN, included The Golf Channel, Sky Sports, TV Asahi and the USGA world feed. For more information, visit www.nepinc.com.
Serious. These medicines may interact and cause very harmful effects. Contact your healthcare professional (e.g. doctor or pharmacist) for more information. How the interaction occurs: When these two medicines are taken together, cimetidine may cause your body to process the blood-thinner more slowly. What might happen: The effect of the blood-thinner may increase.You may experience an increased chance for bleeding including bleeding from your gums, nosebleeds, unusual bruising, or dark stools. What you should do about this interaction: Ask your healthcare professionals (e.g. doctor or pharmacist) about taking these medicines together. If your doctor prescribes these medicines together, you may need to have your bleeding times checked more often. If you have any signs of bleeding, such as bleeding from your gums, nosebleeds, unusual bruising, or dark stools, contact your doctor right away.Your healthcare professionals may already be aware of this interaction and may be monitoring you for it. Do not start, stop, or change the dosage of any medicine before checking with them first. 1.Silver BA, Bell WR. Cimetidine potentiation of the hypoprothrombinemic effect of warfarin. Ann Intern Med 1979 Mar;90(3):348-9. 2.Wallin BA, Jacknowitz A, Raich PC. Cimetidine and effect of warfarin. Ann Intern Med 1979 Jun;90(6):993. 3.Serlin MJ, Sibeon RG, Breckenridge AM. Lack of effect of ranitidine on warfarin action. Br J Clin Pharmacol 1981 Dec;12(6):791-4. 4.Kerley B, Ali M. Cimetidine potentiation of warfarin action. Can Med Assoc J 1982 Jan 15;126(2):116. 5.Desmond PV, Mashford ML, Harman PJ, Morphett BJ, Breen KJ, Wang YM. Decreased oral warfarin clearance after ranitidine and cimetidine. Clin Pharmacol Ther 1984 Mar;35(3):338-41. 6.Toon S, Hopkins KJ, Garstang FM, Rowland M. Comparative effects of ranitidine and cimetidine on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of warfarin in man. Eur J Clin Pharmacol 1987;32(2):165-72. 7.Cournot A, Berlin I, Sallord JC, Singlas E. Lack of interaction between nizatidine and warfarin during chronic administration. J Clin Pharmacol 1988 Dec;28(12):1120-2. 8.Hussey EK, Dukes GE. Do all histamine2-antagonists cause a warfarin drug interaction?. DICP 1989 Sep;23(9):675-9. 9.Hunt BA, Sax MJ, Chretien SD, Gray DR, Frank WO, Lalonde RL. Stereoselective alterations in the pharmacokinetics of warfarin enantiomers with two cimetidine dose regimens. Pharmacotherapy 1989; 9(3):184. 10.Baciewicz AM, Morgan PJ. Ranitidine-warfarin interaction. Ann Intern Med 1990 Jan 1;112(1):76-7.
You can’t make this stuff up. As ridiculous as it may seem, King County in Washington State has made it illegal to swim without a lifejacket on or in a major river – at least until October 31. As Toronto’s National Post columnist Chris Selley points out,“the Founding Fathers might take serious issue with mandatory life jacket laws for swimmers.” However, he also says, tongue in cheek (we think), that the argument to ban “free” swimming is, in terms of numbers, quite persuasive: “By the Lifesaving Society’s count, an average of around 200 people drown every year in Canada while swimming, wading or otherwise being in water but not in a boat. (That’s not including the 10% of total drownings that occur in bath tubs, because wearing a life jacket in the tub would be silly. Uh … right?) Those drowning victims add up to roughly four times as many people as are killed in an average year while cycling and about 50 times as many as are killed in an average year on the slopes of Canadian ski resorts.” The numbers show that we’re more at risk from activities that we take for granted than from many of the things we worry about – or are encouraged to worry about. The logic of precaution seems inexorable: As Selley concludes, “Nobody needs to swim, after all, with or without a life jacket. Nobody swims to work. It’s pure, decadent recreation. And it’s killing us by the hundreds. For how much longer can we turn a blind eye?” What do you think? Has Washington gone overboard or should we continue to swim blind to the risks?
from The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, 4th Edition - n. The act of announcing. - n. An announcement; a proclamation. - n. Christianity The angel Gabriel's announcement to the Virgin Mary of the Incarnation. - n. Christianity The feast celebrating this event. - n. Christianity March 25, the day on which this feast is observed. from Wiktionary, Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License - n. The act of annunciating. from the GNU version of the Collaborative International Dictionary of English - n. The act of announcing; announcement; proclamation. - n. The announcement of the incarnation, made by the angel Gabriel to the Virgin Mary. - n. The festival celebrated (March 25th) by the Church of England, of Rome, etc., in memory of the angel's announcement, on that day; Lady Day. from The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia - n. The act of announcing; proclamation; promulgation: as, the annunciation of a peace; “the annunciation of the gospel,” - n. Specifically The announcement to Mary, by the angel Gabriel, of the incarnation of Christ. - n. [capitalized] Eccles., the festival instituted by the church in memory of the announcement to Mary that she should bring forth a son who should be the Messiah. It is solemnized on the 25th of March. - n. An order of nuns founded about 1500 at Bourges, France, by Queen Jeanne of Valois, after her divorce from Louis XII. - n. An order of nuns founded about 1604 at Genoa, Italy, by Maria Vittoria Fornari. from WordNet 3.0 Copyright 2006 by Princeton University. All rights reserved. - n. a formal public statement - n. (Christianity) the announcement to the Virgin Mary by the angel Gabriel of the incarnation of Christ - n. a festival commemorating the announcement of the Incarnation by the angel Gabriel to the Virgin Mary; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland Sorry, no etymologies found. Let us now address her with the prayer that recalls the annunciation by the Angel. Quivering as at some "annunciation", she went slowly forward. I thought of the medieval Netherlandish altarpieces I love so much: Sometimes the central panel -- be it a picture of the annunciation, the crucificion, or a martyrdom -- is flanked by panels depicting portraits of the altarpiece donors (often husband and wife, male and female). Regarding his miraculous birth, the Qu'ran narrates the transcendent annunciation dialogue between the Angel Gabriel Jibril and Virgin Mary: She said: When shall I have a boy and no mortal has yet touched me, nor have I been unchaste? (Mary's consent at the angel's annunciation tells us everything we need to know, except for most folks the connotation conjures up 'automobile company' or 'ex-nihilo' currency creation favored by political administrations who like to avoid concepts like "consent" not something young men desire to imitate: ancilla Domini heroism) The mystery of the annunciation to Mary is not just a mystery of silence. Why should it not be possible to appreciate the depiction of modesty in portraits of Mary and Joseph in Bethlehem, yet bypass the doctrine of the annunciation; admire Christianity's emphasis on compassion, yet shun its theories of the afterlife? Part I began with a swinging overture and maintained sprightly tempi and bright colors throughout, befitting the optimism of its subject: the annunciation of the birth of Christ. Has this world apology tour and annunciation of mistakes made us feel better about ourselves at a time we need optimism? In this version of the annunciation, Mary had a book before her in a stand, and her hand was resting on it as if to hold her place in the passage.
Pasticcio di Maccheroni - Baked Pasta with Ricotta and Ham Mario Batali's At-Home Comfort Food Culinary superstar Mario Batali still likes to keep things simple in his own kitchen, using ingredients people can actually pronounce. In "Molto Italiano: 327 Simple Italian Recipes to Cook at Home" (Ecco), Batali presents delicious and easy-to-make dishes that are sure to please everyone. He served up some of his favorite recipes from the collection for "Good Morning America" ??? chicken with "cooked wine," baked pasta with ricotta and ham, and Italian trifle. In a Dutch oven, heat the oil over high heat until smoking. Add the ham cubes and brown for 5 to 6 minutes. Add the carrot, onion and celery and cook until the vegetables are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the wine, bring to a boil, and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato sauce, and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, cover the pan, and cook until the meat is just about falling apart, about 50 minutes. Transfer the meat to a large bowl. Keep the sauce warm. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring 6 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot, and add 2 tablespoons salt. Cook the ziti in the boiling water for 1 minutes less than the package directions, until still very al dente. While the pasta is cooking, place the ricotta in a small bowl and stir in a ladle of the pasta cooking water to "melt" it. Drain the pasta and add it to the bowl with the meat. Add the ricotta and caciotta and stir to combine. Grease a 9-by-12-inch baking dish with extra-virgin olive oil. Place a ladleful of sauce in the bottom of the casserole, followed by a layer of the pasta and meat mixture. Sprinkle 2 to 3 tablespoons of the parmigiano-reggiano over, then repeat with another layer of sauce, then pasta and meat, and parmigiano. Continue until all ingredients are used up. Bake for 25 minutes, until bubbling and heated through. Serve in warmed pasta bowls. Recipe copyright 2005, Mario Batali from his cookbook, "Molto Italiano : 327 Simple Italian Recipes to Cook at Home"
The primary charge of the Planning & Scanning task team is to scan the external environment to identity and describe important trends and factors that would inform and assist in the formation of institutional strategies and initiatives. In addition, this task team assesses current strategies to determine the extent to which external trends and opportunities have been addressed in the planning process. Working in tandem with the Key Performance Indicators team, this ensures that both internal and external factors and opportunities are considered in the formation and execution of institutional strategies. Davis Berryman - Vice-Provost Lou Dennard - Faculty/Business Anne Ghost Bear - Faculty/Professional Studies Arlita Harris - Faculty/LRC Jason Hubbert - Staff/Spiritual Dev.*^ Scott Strawn - Student Development Rex Tullis - Faculty/Education *^task team chair, member of steering committee
Originally Posted by sonydude23 ie. Sprint, Verizon... Phones that generally do not have SIM cards (with the exception of World Edition phones) I have a Verizon 8830 World Edition, but apparently no SIM Card (When I go into Options/Advanced/SIM Card, it reads "No Valid SIM Card.") Next dumb question: What's a SIM Card?
It's hard to avoid the massive shadow the Beach Boys have cast across almost every sunny short wave synth harmony sung since. To make matters worse, Brian Wilson and crew also cornered the market for complex production arrangements, compacting multi-layered vocals and unorthodox instrumentation into a simple-sounding pocket symphony. As you're reading this, Bmore's Among Wolves are putting together their own endless summer, recording and performing material for a promising sophomore LP tentatively titled 3 a.m. (see dates below). Not sure how they get inspiration for these vibrations in the city that reads, but the jams below are tighter than McNulty and a handle of Jameson. Have a taste. Among Wolves - Slow Down (demo) Among Wolves - Hey You (demo) Among Wolves - Baltimore (from Among Wolves) A note from AW's Billy Tiedeken: "well the wolves are going to be recording our 2nd lp starting on saturday...hopefully coming out this summer/fall. it will be released on the beechfields record label. we are working with steve wright of wright way studios..he has recorded and produced the flaming lips and lake trout..among many others. we are so excited!!!!! the album will be a little less all over the place like our last one...or totally left field like our earlier work...more rock driven songs...but a bit darker material. you can expect synths..strange noises..along with the addition of horns on a few tracks. the title of the album is going to be possibly.... "3 a.m." ..not sure yet. the art work is going to be done by a local artist kathy from 2 hawks 2 fishes..great work. we have a whole mess of show coming up with more coming in each day. as usual you can expect drunken debauchery from us and the crowd." Grab one of the last remaining copies of their self-titled 2007 debut through Beechfields here, and stay tuned. Next Baltimore shows: 3/21 @ The Red House Tavern 4/11 @ Load of Fun Gallery 4/26 @ Fraziers 5/3 @ Charlotte's
If you have risk factors for placenta accreta during pregnancy — such as the placenta partially or totally covering the cervix (placenta previa) or a previous uterine surgery — your health care provider will carefully examine the implantation of your baby's placenta. Techniques to help diagnose placenta accreta might include: Mar. 28, 2015 - Imaging tests. Through ultrasound or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), your health care provider can evaluate how the placenta is implanted in your uterine wall. - Blood tests. Your health care provider might test a sample of your blood for an otherwise unexplained rise in the amount of alpha-fetoprotein — a protein that's produced by the baby and can be detected in the mother's blood. Such a rise has been linked to placenta accreta. - Wortman AC, et al. Placenta accreta, increta, and percreta. Obstetrics and Gynecology Clinics of North America. 2013;40:137. - Creasy RK, et al. Placenta previa, placenta accreta, abruptio placentae, and vasa previa. In: Creasy and Resnik's Maternal-Fetal Medicine: Principles and Practice. 7th ed. Philadelphia, Pa.: Saunders Elsevier; 2014. http://www.clinicalkey.com. Accessed Feb. 3, 2015. - Cunningham FG, et al. Placental abnormalities. In: Williams Obstetrics. 24th ed. New York, N.Y.: The McGraw-Hill Companies; 2014. http://www.accessmedicine.com. Accessed Feb. 3, 2015. - Resnik R. Clinical features and diagnosis of placenta accreta, increta, and percreta. http://www.uptodate.com/home. Accessed Feb. 4, 2015. - Eshkoli T, et al. Placenta accreta: Risk factors, perinatal outcomes, and consequences for subsequent births. American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. 2013;208:219e1. - Resnik R. Management of placenta accreta, increta, and percreta. http://www.uptodate.com/home. Accessed Feb. 4, 2015. - Legendre G, et al. Conservative management of placenta accreta: Hysteroscopic resection of retained tissues. The Journal of Minimally Invasive Gynecology. 2014;21:910. - Relaxation techniques for health: An introduction. National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health. https://nccih.nih.gov/health/stress/relaxation.htm. Accessed Feb. 5, 2015. - Wick MJ (expert opinion). Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minn. Feb. 19, 2015. You Are ... The Campaign for Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic is a not-for-profit organization. Make a difference today.
Friday, July 4, 2014 San Diego (July 4, 2014) – The San Diego Union Tribune quoted University of San Diego (USD) School of Law Professor Robert Fellmeth in an article that reported on the final outcome of pay-to-play charges between officials and contractors in Sweetwater and San Ysidro School districts and Southwestern College. Although 22 of the original 250 charges were successfully prosecuted, all 18 defendants pleaded guilty or no content to at least one charge. San Diego District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis said in a news release recapping the wide-ranging probe that she is proud of the case and the outcome. “For years, public officials regularly accepted what amounted to bribes in exchange for their votes on multimillion dollar construction projects,” Dumanis said. “The fact that some charges were reduced or dismissed during the pendency of these cases does not diminish the fact that justice was ultimately obtained, public officials were held accountable for their criminal behavior, and a culture of corruption has been dismantled.” The case resulted in 21 guilty pleas, one no contest plea, $80,000 in fines, 1,140 hours of community service and removal from office of four board members from the Sweetwater schools and one from San Ysidro. “I think it’s a victory for Dumanis,” said Robert Fellmeth, director of the University of San Diego’s Center for Public Interest Law and a former deputy district attorney. “I don’t know of any case I can think of right now that went after 18 and got them all. That sends a better message than picking two fall guys and putting them away for two years,” which would have been easier for Dumanis. As additional impact, Dumanis also noted state legislation authored by Assemblywoman Lorena Gonzalez (D-San Diego) that was inspired by South County revelations. If approved by the state Senate, administrators would be banned from raising or receiving campaign cash for their elected officials. Read the full article on utsandiego.com. About Robert Fellmeth Robert Fellmeth is the Price Professor of Public Interest Law at the University of San Diego School of Law, where he teaches and writes in the areas of children's rights, regulation, antitrust, and consumer law. Professor Fellmeth is also the executive director of both USD’s Center for Public Interest Law and Children's Advocacy Institute. About the University of San Diego School of Law Celebrating 60 years of alumni success, the University of San Diego (USD) School of Law is recognized for the excellence of its faculty, depth of its curriculum, and strength of its clinical programs. Each year, USD educates approximately 900 Juris Doctor and graduate law students from throughout the United States and around the world. The law school is best known for its offerings in the areas of business and corporate law, constitutional law, intellectual property, international and comparative law, public interest and taxation. USD School of Law is one of the 81 law schools elected to the Order of the Coif, a national honor society for law school graduates. The law school’s faculty is a strong group of outstanding scholars and teachers with national and international reputations and currently ranks 23rd worldwide in all-time faculty downloads on the Social Sciences Research Network (SSRN). The school is accredited by the American Bar Association and is a member of the Association of American Law Schools. Founded in 1954, the law school is part of the University of San Diego, a private, nonprofit, independent, Roman Catholic university chartered in 1949.
He's perfect because Every moment I spend with him is a dream come true. Because I'd give my life for his. Because the way he'll always be there makes me cry. Because my life is perfect while I'm with him. But he is not there to make my life perfect. He is there to make her life perfect. --Heather,13, Lynchburg, VA
KING OF THE NERDS New Episode: "Nerdy Dancing" - Thursday, Feb. 21 at 10 p.m. (ET/PT) During this episode's Nerd War, Team Orange and Team Blue get nerdy with their bad selves in the world's first Nerd Anthem competition. Then, two nerds show off some serious dancing moves as they go head-to-head in the Nerd-Off. Hosted by Curtis Armstrong and Robert Carradine. Guest Judges: Kate Micucci and Riki Lindhome of Garfunkel & Oates and MC Frontalot Special Guests: Tabitha and Napoleon Dumo (So You Think You Can Dance)
In the book Radical Loving Care: Building the Healing Hospital in America, Erie Chapman, JD, MTS, president/CEO of the Baptist Healing Hospital Trust, Nashville, TN, writes "loving care does not require twice the time, but it does require more than twice the presence." What would this actually look like in clinical practice? A nurse's shift, no matter what venue or specialty area, is filled many responsibilities, tasks to be performed, and new skills to be learned. Nurses, as scientific artists, are often experts at the scientific and technical aspects of their job; however, the artistry frequently takes a backseat. The artistry of nursing is often what drew us to the profession in the first place: offering a kind, hopeful word and a warm, heartfelt touch; providing compassionate care that brings a sense of comfort; and bringing a relaxed smile to the face of a fearful and anxious patient. The integration of the art and the science makes up the core essence of nursing practice. Consciously attending to the artistry will bring more balance to our work and is likely to enhance nursing satisfaction. Patients come to us looking for a two things: expert technical care, and being attentively listened to and touched in some capacity. Professional nurses know when physical touch is inappropriate; however, "the touch of the heart" can fulfill the loneliness and disconnection experienced when the patient is away from familiar surroundings. Nurses are the first-line connectors for patients. When they look rushed or convey they don't have the time, patients are likely to do one of two things: they will be on the call bell all day long until they get their needs met, or they will not ring the call bell when there is an important need because they don't become a bother to the already-too-busy nurse. Nurses are often more comfortable with relatively predictable outcomes of tasks and technological interventions. Sometimes the relational being-with-the-patient aspect of clinical practice feels like it takes nurses away from completing the work that needs to be accomplished. The relationship-centered care model reminds nurses the quality of the relationship they have with patients' influences and shapes outcomes. Creating a caring-healing environment holds promise of advancing care to a new level and enhancing patient satisfaction. My 78-year-old patient has been oxygen dependent for a few years. He was complaining of shortness of breath and requested more oxygen. I turned up the oxygen to 4L, and I could have given him a nebulizer treatment, but I got the sense he was very scared. As I was talking to him, I started rubbing his head. After a few minutes I could feel he was beginning to relax and was breathing more easily. I rechecked his oxygen status and it was still 94 percent, but when questioned, he stated he could breathe more easily. I turned down the oxygen and continue to rub his head. I felt a very real connection with him. When I came in the next day, I received in report that he had slept better the previous night than he had in days. - Ellen Kaufman, BS, RN, staff nurse, West Roxbury VA Hospital, West Roxbury, MA What is Presence? By definition, presence is "attendance or company; immediate vicinity; proximity; ability to project a sense of ease." Nurses spend the least amount of their time in direct patient care activities and the majority is spent locating supplies and equipment, charting and engaging in other activities that take them away from being with their patients. When nurses are not fully present - distracted by the multitude of responsibilities that vie for their attention - there is an increased potential for medication errors, patient falls and healthcare-associated infections and overlooked pressure ulcers. Current safety initiatives in hospitals include creating a work environment that enhances the ability of nurses to be more present. The concept of 'nursing presence' has been noted over the years in the nursing literature (Hines, 1992; McKivergin & Daubenmire, 1994; Osterman & Schwartz-Barcott, 1996; Godkin, 2001; Melnechenko, 2003; Fingeld-Connett, 2006) and is viewed as a valuable way to create meaningful and trusting relationships. The quality of the relationship developed influences the perception the patient has about the care received. The more present-in-the-moment the nurse is, the greater chance of enhanced patient satisfaction.
Banking Competition Inquiry Report The Senate Economics References Committee (SERC) has released the report (May 2011) of its inquiry into competition within the Australian banking sector. The SERC has made a number of recommendations, including that a “broad ranging inquiry into the Australian financial system be established, modelled on that conducted by the Campbell Committee”, and “covering the role of banks and other financial institutions in a post-[global financial crisis] financial environment”. Further information from the SERC Related media and news items: Australian Bankers’ Association’s (ABA) media release (6 May 2011) The Australian: Lenders back Senate’s call for finance inquiry (7 May 2011) (Source: SERC; ABA; The Australian) Commission to Appeal Cardboard Cartel Ruling The New Zealand Commerce Commission (NZCC) has announced that it will appeal an April 2011 ruling that limited its case in a cardboard cartel action. The High Court of Auckland decided to reduce the number of claims the NZCC can pursue against Visy Board Pty Ltd (Visy) and its former general manager Rod Carroll on account of jurisdictional matters, however did allow the NZCC to take up claims that Visy and Amcor Ltd colluded on prices in relation to a Fonterra tender. Commerce Commission General Counsel for Enforcement Mary-Anne Borrowdale has condemned the ruling stating it “sets an unhelpful precedent for future enforcement cases”. NZCC’s media release (6 May 2011) Doctors’ Association Settle Anti-Competitive Charges The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has announced that Southwest Health, an independent practice association representing 900 physicians, has agreed to an Order (undated) that prevents it from entering into agreements to fix the prices and terms at which it would contract with health plans, and has negotiated the terms and conditions under which it would deal with health plans. According to the FTC, the association has restricted competition by entering into “agreements [which] eliminated competition and harmed consumers by increasing prices for physician services”, since 2000. In addition to the proposed negotiations, Southwest Health is barred from “facilitating the exchange of information between physicians concerning the terms on which they will contract with insurers”. The proposed order expires in 20 years and allows the FTC to supervise Southwest Health’s compliance with its terms during this period. FTC’s media release (10 May 2011) Major Bank Charged With Bid Rigging to Settle for US$160 Million The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has announced that UBS Financial Services (UBS) has agreed to pay US$47.2 million to municipalities affected by UBS’s fraudulent rigging of at least 100 municipal bond reinvestment transactions in 36 states, as alleged by the SEC. According to the SEC, UBS’s practices “undermined the competitive bidding process and affected the prices that municipalities paid for the reinvestment products being bid on by the provider of the products”, and as a result “jeopardized the tax-exempt status of billions of dollars in municipal securities”. By acting as a bidding agent UBS allegedly diverted business to favoured bidders acting as providers of reinvestment products. UBS and others have also agreed to pay US$113 million to settle a related action brought by other federal and state authorities. SEC’s media release (4 May 2011) Qantas Accused of Protecting Monopoly The Australian reports that Strategic Airlines (Strategic) has asked the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission to investigate whether Qantas subsidiary QantasLink is acting in an “anti-competitive and predatory” manner by drastically reducing prices and increasing services on the Brisbane-Gladstone route. Reportedly, Strategic chief commercial officer Damien Vasta stated that “there appeared to be no need for the additional peak-hour services” and that QantasLink’s price reduction to $69 was “dramatic”. However, a QantasLink spokesperson has reportedly attributed its actions to “growing demand in the region”. The Australian: Strategic accuses Qantas of dumping, ‘predatory pricing’ (25 April 2011) (Source: The Australian)
This herb growing kit is hand-crafted from a recycled wine bottle. It is attractive, functional and respectful of the earth’s resources. Using simple hydroponics, these durable glass vessels grow fresh herbs indoors year-round to spice up your cooking. Your Grow Bottle can be used again and again. After each growing cycle, you can wash the bottle, rinse the clay pebbles and replant another variety of herb. Collect a few and have all the fresh herbs you need! Oregano Grow Bottle Includes: - Organic oregano seeds - Grow Bottle (8" x 3") - Clay grow pebbles - Wool felt wick - Cork coaster - Instructions for planting and care Reusing items that are already in circulation is an important part of reducing the number of resources we use. A Grow Bottle can help you reduce your environmental impact by extending the life of a recycled wine bottle. Made in the USA. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee We want you to be completely satisfied with every purchase you make. If you are in any way dissatisfied with a product you ordered, we'll exchange it, replace it or refund your money within 30 days of purchase. Simply email us the problem, and we'll take care of you. Certain products have extended warranties (up to 50 years!) that are listed on the particular product page. Please call us at 1-888-451-6752 if you need further clarification. |Dimensions||8" high x 3" diameter| |Key Feature||Grow fresh oregano in repurposed wine bottle| |Origin||Made in the U.S.A.| - Shipping Details: - Insured against damage or loss while in transit - This Product Ships To: - US Lower 48 - Ships Via: - Fedex, UPS, or USPS Questions about the Recycled Grow Bottle - Oregano No questions asked yet Ask Your Own Question - No-hassle, 30 day returns - No sales tax - Quick shipping - Secure shopping (SSL, PCI, McAfee Secure) - In business since 2000 - Member of Better Business Bureau, Green America, and US EPA Watersense - Carbon-neutral, Family-owned business that promotes sustainability!
>I had a new experience with UPS just yesterday. My Omni VI was >Ten-Tec and the driver knocked on the door and told me he had a box for me >in the truck. I had to go out and carry it to the house. No big >suppose, but this isn't what I'm accustomed to from UPS. Maybe not, Jim, but you know for sure that the trip from the truck to your shack was a safe and caring one. My local UPS guy has left my Omni sitting on the front porch for all from the street to see...When I drove in to the driveway my heart was in my throat when I saw it sitting there...(I don't live in the world's best neighborhood)...He now puts the big stuff in my backyard...the small stuff he leaves in a corner of the porch where it's not visible from the street. . Also, over the vast span of years and shipments from Sevierville, Seattle, Long Beach, Dallas, New Castle, Los Angeles, etc., I have never had a piece of equipment arrive at the house damaged. I guess I live a charmed life....knock on wood.... FAQ on WWW: http://www.contesting.com/tentecfaq.htm Administrative requests: tentec-REQUEST@contesting.com
Book your room at BEST WESTERN Bretagne Montparnasse Twin RoomMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child, 1 infant) Standard Double RoomMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child, 1 infant) Superior RoomMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children, 2 infants) Family RoomMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children, 3 infants) 4-star property in Paris (Montparnasse Tower) near Tour Montparnasse BEST WESTERN Bretagne Montparnasse is in the heart of Paris, walking distance from Place de Catalogne and Bobino. This 4-star property is close to Notre Dame Cathedral and Louvre Museum. Make yourself at home in one of the 45 air-conditioned rooms featuring refrigerators and LCD televisions. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and satellite programming is available for your entertainment. Conveniences include coffee/tea makers, housekeeping is provided daily, and cribs/infant beds (complimentary) can be requested. Buffet breakfasts are available daily for a fee. Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, express check-in, and express check-out.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us! This 4-star property offers access to a 24-hour business center. This Paris property also offers multilingual staff, coffee/tea in the lobby, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. BEST WESTERN Bretagne Montparnasse is a smoke-free property. - Smoke-free property - 24-hour front desk - Babysitting or childcare (surcharge) - Total number of rooms - 45 - Breakfast available (surcharge) - Coffee/tea in lobby - Free newspapers in lobby - Dry cleaning/laundry service - Express check-in - Express check-out - Number of floors - 5 - Multilingual staff - Luggage storage - Safe-deposit box at front desk - 24-hour business center Available in all rooms: Free WiFi - Air conditioning - Coffee/tea maker - Daily housekeeping - Hair dryer - Satellite TV service - Free WiFi - Room service - LCD TV - Free cribs/infant beds Where to Eat Buffet breakfasts are available for a surcharge and are served each morning between 5:30 AM and 11:30 AM. Room service is available. To make requests for specific accessibility needs, complete the “Special or Accessibility Requests" section of “Trip Preferences" when you book your hotel. - Accessible path of travel Check-in time starts at 2 PM Check-out time is noon You need to know Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on hotel policy. Government-issued photo identification and a credit card or cash deposit are required at check-in for incidental charges. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges. Special requests cannot be guaranteed. - No onsite parking is available. No rollaway/extra beds available No pets or service animals allowed - A tax is imposed by the city: EUR 2.47 per person, per night. This tax does not apply to children under 12 years of age. - Fee for buffet breakfast: EUR 13 per person (approximately) We should mention No pets and no service animals are allowed at this property. This hotel has received its official star rating from the French Tourism Development Agency, ATOUT France.
Dell Inc. (NASDAQ: DELL) is not getting a great reception so far on Monday as word of its buyout continues to point to a deal getting closer and closer. Late last week, we were braced for a deal to come as early as this morning. Monday morning came and passed but now reports are fighting over the timing and terms. CNBC’s David Faber reported on this today, as did Dow Jones. 24/7 Wall St. has a slightly different possibility to consider. What if this is all just another ploy? What we do know so far is that Silver Lake is still the lead buyer, with Michael Dell being involved in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) is still expected to contribute up to $2 billion in some form of equity or preferred capital. We are also now expecting that Dell will repatriate its cash from overseas, which ultimately get taxed unless there is some creative collateralization set up outside of the United States. The buyout price is one which we originally put at about $15.00 per share, but that was back on January 15 and was meant to illustrate a top-dollar that a buyer would pay which would also go off without “breach of duty suits” being filed on behalf of too many shareholders. That $15 is still a top we would expect a buyer to pay to get shareholders to go away, but we also still expect that many stockholders will file lawsuits in as many jurisdictions that they can saying that this is not in their best interests. So, after looking through the rumored news today, $15 is still probably too high for what a private equity group. Now the talk is a top of $14 or so if you listened to CNBC, and Dow Jones said that the deal is being finalized around $13.50 or $13.75. Michael Dell owns close to a 16% stake. That being said, what if the ultimate goal here by Michael Dell is to try to not buy the company but to get a core investor like Silver Lake and a strategic partner like Microsoft in the door and to try to just establish a floor for investors? The Dell buyout remains one which might not be the best exit for Dell shareholders. Some holders have been in there for years and years, and some are what we would call “very long and very wrong.” To prove that there is at least some cause for the concern, Dell shares are down 3.1% at $13.21 on the day against a 52-week trading range of $8.69 to $18.36. Its market cap is listed as being almost $23 billion all-in. There is an old saying, “An offer is as good as a take.” That may be true in some cases. That just might not be the case in this ongoing buyout of Dell. This may be more like a “takeunder” for many long-term shareholders. Below is a long-term 3-year chart from stockcharts.com for your review.
A$AP Rocky – “Goldie” (Produced By Hit-Boy) [LISTEN] Angie Martinez of Hot 97 just announced moments ago that A$AP Rocky will be the headliner at Hot 97’s Summerjam preshow that will include Big K.R.I.T., Kendrick Lamar, and more. While on the phone, A$AP premiered the lead single off of his debut album Long.Live.A$AP entitled “Goldie.” This joint is produced by the incomparable Hit-Boy and is thumping. Settle for the radio rip until the CDQ drops after the jump. UPDATE: Now in CD Quality. MORE ON HIP-HOP WIRED!
Cygnus Business Media, Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided to us by those who use our products and services. This policy describes how personally identifiable and anonymous information about our publication subscribers, online media product users and event registrants may be collected and shared. How does Cygnus Business Media collect your information? When is personally identifiable information collected? How is your information used? Cygnus Business Media collects personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us when you subscribe to our magazines, sign up for e-newsletters, enter a contest, participate in surveys, login into our Web Sites using a third party login system (including, but not limited to, Facebook Connect, Twitter, etc.), register for a Web Site, webcast, or trade show, or otherwise communicate with us. When you provide this information to us, you are no longer anonymous. Cygnus Business Media does not take any steps to protect the privacy of information you volunteer about yourself in forums or other publicly accessible sections of our Web Sites. We may use your contact information to send notices for subscription renewal or provide you with information about products or services you have ordered with us. We may also use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional e-mails that contain targeted, relevant content that may be useful to your business. All promotional e-mails you receive from us will include an option to opt out of similar e-mail communications in the future. With whom does Cygnus Business Media share your information? Cygnus Business Media may share information with our affiliates and business partners whom we believe share our commitment to privacy and information security. We may share identifiable information or anonymized aggregate information with advertisers and other third parties. In some cases you may receive relevant, carefully-screened offers from reputable third party business organizations with which we have shared your information. Many of our customers appreciate receiving these offers because they are relevant and useful to their business or occupation. Each such communication will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of similar future communications. From time to time, you may receive information from or on behalf of advertisers who wish to contact you as a result of your viewing habits, such as where you have clicked on a link in a Cygnus Business Media e-newsletter, interacted with particular content, or indicated an interest in certain products, services or events. Each such form of contact will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of sharing your information with our advertisers. We may also use your information to send you e-mail and other communications on behalf of third parties. Each such communication will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of similar future communications. In compliance with privacy laws, we provide our opt-out lists to third parties so that any communications sent on Cygnus Business Media's behalf are not sent to those who have opted out of receiving such communications. How does Cygnus Business Media protect your information? We use reasonable precautions, including appropriate technical, administrative, and physical procedures, to try to protect collected personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration. Many of our Web Sites contain links to Web Sites owned and operated by unaffiliated third parties. These links are provided as a service to you, and do not constitute Cygnus Business Media's endorsement or support of those third parties or their Web Sites. Each third party Web Site has its own information collection and use practices, and we advise you to review their policies. Cygnus Business Media is not responsible or liable for third party privacy practices or the content of third party sites. We are not responsible or liable for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties. Due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Any information you provide may be stored and maintained in a Cygnus Business Media database, either housed at Cygnus Business Media or with a third party vendor. In the case of a sale, change of ownership or merger involving Cygnus Business Media or any parent, subsidiary or affiliated company, your information may be transferred to a third party. What are your options for how Cygnus Business Media uses or shares your information? If you wish to opt out of receiving postal, email, fax or phone calls from Cygnus Business Media please send an email to: PrivacyManager@Cygnus.com. You may also call 800-547-7377 and ask for the Privacy Manager, or mail your request to the attention of the Privacy Manager at 1233 Janesville Ave, Fort Atkinson, WI 53538. Specifically who this privacy manager is and how contacting them will work is subject to change. We will attempt to process any such requests within 10 business days or as soon as reasonably possible thereafter.
By Amey Stone SPECIAL REPORTHEDGE FUNDS Hedge Funds: Fees Down? Close Shop Is the Hedge-Fund Party Over? S&P on Hedge Funds' Hot Month One of the hallmarks of a hedge fund is the performance fee. Along with a 1% to 2% management fee levied on assets, hedge funds typically keep 20% of the profits generated each year as payment. That fee structure creates serious incentive for portfolio managers to generate positive returns. If they can't, investors only have to pay the management fee until the fund's returns are back in the black. That's the theory, anyway. But in practice, hedge funds have an easy way out of the arrangement if it looks like they won't be able to earn positive returns above a pre-set "high-water mark" in the coming year. They simply shut down the fund. Assets are liquidated, the money returned to investors. "If all they get is the management fee, why work?" observes Tom Taulli, an author and investment banker with Instream Partners in San Francisco. "What's the motivation?" RAW DEAL? The managers are then free to spend some time "on the beach" (as the industry describes such downtime). Or, better yet, from their perspective, they can open a new flavor of hedge fund and invite the former investors to sign on. By doing so, they effectively set the clock back to zero and can start collecting performance fees on gains without having to work their way back up to break-even. But it's not such a great deal for investors. "In some instances, after investors have paid a performance fee on the upside, they don't get the benefit of not having to pay one in the get-back-to-even mode," says Lee Schultheis, chief investment strategist of Alpha Hedged Strategies (ALPHX), a mutual fund that uses investment plays typical of hedge funds. Even worse, they may pay the steep fee one year only to see all those gains erased and the fund shut down the next year. This dynamic has always been part of the hedge-fund world but is more in evidence this year as more hedge funds close down operations. That doesn't mean every hedge fund that shuts down is engaging in this behavior. In fact, it's impossible to know who's doing it and who isn't. But as more institutional investors look to hedge funds to goose the puny returns available elsewhere, the interest in hedge-fund activity continues to increase. READY FOR STORMS. Marin Capital Partners in San Rafael, Calif., and London-based Bailey Coates generated headlines in June by closing billion-dollar hedge funds. Many more smaller funds, particularly in the first and second quarter of this year, liquidated after certain strategies (such as convertible-bond arbitrage) stopped working, says Peter Rajsingh, executive vice-president at vFinance Investments, which operates several portfolios made up of hedge funds. Some hedge funds are now modifying the incentive fee and high-water mark so that they earn a reduced incentive fee during the time they make back the money they lost, says Ron Geffner, an attorney for hedge funds at Sadis & Goldberg in New York. For example, the fund manager would get 10% of recouped losses, and 20% above the high-water mark. That would theoretically provide enough income and incentive to keep the fund going. This new fee structure is an improvement for investors, says Geffner. But ideally, the firm should have enough capital so that it can afford to weather a temporary drawdown in returns. MANY NEWBIES. "This is a normal metamorphosis among new funds," says Bradley Ziff, a director at risk-management firm Mercer Oliver Wyman in New York. At the large, established hedge funds with which he deals, Ziff says, he does not see fund managers closing up shop following a poor performance only to resurface at a new fund soon afterward. But because more than 6,000 hedge funds exist today, up from 2,500 10 years ago, the customary weeding-out process -- an estimated 10% to 15% of new funds each year -- means more funds are closing this year than in the past, says Adam Zoia, managing partner of Glocap Search, a hedge-fund recruiting firm in New York. Hennessee Group LLC, an adviser to hedge-fund investors, found in its annual survey of 800 of the largest funds that in 2004 the attrition rate was 5.3%, higher than the 4.96% six-year average. The firm doesn't have figures for this year. Hedge funds that close usually have little choice, says Rajsingh. Negative results can trigger massive redemptions. Management fees should cover the firm's operating costs, giving it breathing room while it improves performance. But if the asset base shrinks enough, there may not be enough cash left to run the firm. PAY HEED. Funds that are "under water" face the added risk that their best traders and analysts will be plucked to go work for another firm where they stand a chance of earning performance fees, says Zoia. That could leave a hedge fund bereft of talent. In such cases, shutting down a poorly performing fund and returning assets is often the best outcome for investors, since they can then invest their capital in a more promising venue, says Schultheis. In the worst case, the manager of a money-losing hedge fund may be tempted to change strategies midstream or take much more risk in hopes of getting returns back above water. "Shutting down the fund may be better than having that happen," he notes. The bottom line is that investors need to pay close attention to fee structures before investing in a hedge fund. Even more important: Seek out experienced managers who have not only a strong track record but who "have proven their ability to manage in volatile times," says Ziff. In the high-fee, low-oversight world of hedge funds, caveat emptor applies now more than ever. Stone is a senior writer for Business Week Online in New York
Are you a trade buyer? Speak to one of our agents about setting up an account to receive preferential trade discounts, bulk buy offers and bonuses. Email - The Trade Team Whilst we are very proud of our success, our ethos remains the same today as it was twenty six years ago - to approach our business from the viewpoint of a VW enthusiast. The staff and directors at Heritage have owned and restored countless Volkswagens over the years and the combined experience, knowledge of Volkswagen spares and accessories and expertise of our sales team is an invaluable resource to our customers. Of course, approaching the parts business with the mindset of a true fan doesn't always make for an easy life. It would be far simpler to stock only the VW body parts that are easiest to source and replenish...But as cars don't rust to order, we always go the extra mile and that's why we are known as dedicated VW spare parts suppliers.
ST. LOUIS (KSDK) - Sam Dotson has been named the next chief of police in St. Louis. Dotson will replace Chief Dan Isom who announced earlier this year his plans to retire January 1, 2013 to take a teaching position at the University of Missouri-St. Louis. The Board of Police Commissioners held three public forums allowing citizens to give input about what the qualities the next chief should possess. The selection process began on October 17, and 11 candidates submitted applications. Dotson was selected on Friday as the 34th chief of police. He is a 17 year veteran of the department and has been operations director for the City of St. Louis, overseeing many of the city's departments. He has served in various divisions within the department, including the Board of Police Commissioners, Office of the Chief, Intelligence, and Operational Planning. Dotson has a bachelor's degree in management from Webster University and a master's degree in business administration from Fontbonne College.
Outright bans on white employment has reduced 600k South African whites to living in squatter camps. Recently the South African Communist Youth League actually organized a bus tour for it’s members to visit and mock whites living in poverty in South Africa. The South African government has almost completely banned the hiring of white people for government jobs and imposes strict “affirmative action” rules on the private sector. A statement by the South African Communist Party, an ally of the ruling ANC, reads “we won’t rest until all whites are as poor as the rest of us.” Reuters article and video on Coronation Park, a white squatter camp, where local black politicians have cut the camps electrical connections. Click Here. Notice Reuters likes to use the term “shifting hiring practices.” In many cases employers, especially in government, are outright banned from hiring any new white people. White people in South Africa are being murdered in astronomical numbers and forcibly reduced to poverty. The United States refuses to grant political asylum to South African whites.
1:14 PM PT -- Prince William's daddykins -- Charles the Prince of Wales -- has just released a statement on the birth of the baby ... saying, "Both my wife and I are overjoyed at the arrival of my first grandchild. It is an incredibly special moment for William and Catherine and we are so thrilled for them on the birth of their baby boy." Source TMZ Forbes Magazine introduced the list of the year's most influential people and back-up quarterback Tim Tebow (who is currently without a contract) was named Most Influential. Other Athletes such as Derek Jeter and Michael Phelps also made the list. Mario Williams just signed a $100 million contract with the Buffalo Bills, making him one of the highest paid defense ends in history! However, he is suing his ex fiance for an engagement ring that cost a whopping $750,000! She broke it off so should she give it back? Martha Stewart has been looking to the web for love. Recently Stewart made a match.com account to try and find someone to "Go to bed with". Would you want to go on a date with Martha Stewart? Those pancakes in the morning would be AMAZING! NBA player Jason Collins has recently become the first athlete in a major American sport to come out. He has been receiving praise from ambassadors of the gay community and from the NBA. To the fans who disagree with Collins let me say this - It doesn't matter if you are gay, straight, white, or black...if you can ball, you can ball!! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are having troubles. No ring, no wedding date, a lot of time apart, baby on the way, this could only mean trouble in paradise. You know it feels nice whenever karma comes back to "celebrities"! Just when you thought Lindsay Lohan was gone, she pulls something like this. Earlier today it was announced that Lohan could be late to her scheduled rehab date causing an extension to her probation. We need to look at Lohan as an example of what NOT to do! Possible drug overdose has taken the life of 90's hip hop star, Chris Kelly. Kelly was announced dead at Atlanta Medical Center earlier this morning at the young age of 34. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family. This years Kentucky Derby is putting a hold on backpacks, large purses, and coolers for the annual horse race that occurs every May. The hyped security is due to the recent attacks in Boston and other places. You would think if someone would bomb the Kentucky Derby, they would do it with something else besides a backpack, purse, or cooler!
Christina Aguilera + MORE to Perform Benefit Concert for Hurricane Victims By Michael Lewittes | 9:58 am, November 1st, 2012 Christina Aguilera and Bruce Springsteen are among the artists set to perform in a benefit concert to raise money for victims of Hurricane Sandy, NBC announced on Thursday. “Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together,” will be hosted by Matt Lauer, and also include performances by Sting, Jon Bon Jovi and Billy Joel. Jimmy Fallon and Brian Williams will make appearances at the event as well. All money raised will be donated to American Red Cross relief efforts. The event will air on on Friday at 8 p.m. EST on NBC, USA, SyFy, MSNBC, CNBC, Bravo, E!, Style Network, G4, and will also be live streamed on NBC.com. Will you be tuning in?
Waiver Day - Thursday, April 2nd Our final Waiver day of the school year will be held on Thursday, April 2nd. There will be NO SCHOOL for students. Staff members will be participating in professional development opportunities focused around school safety and curriculum/ assessment. School will resume on Tuesday, April 7th following the Easter Holiday.
|Bulgaria - Sofia Neighboring Countries: Serbia - Montenegro 1.5¢ » Macedonia 1.0¢ » Greece 0.1¢ » Turkey 0.3¢ » Ukraine 1.7¢ » Romania 0.2¢ Using this phone card to call Bulgaria - Sofia will save you money! Since our Bulgaria - Sofia Phone Cards are Prepaid Phone Cards, there is no commitment or contract to sign. We offer phone cards at cheap rates to Bulgaria - Sofia. We carry over 30+ cheap Bulgaria - Sofia phone card to choose from. Buy phone cards Bulgaria - Sofia to call Bulgaria - Sofia with instant PINs. Try our pinless rechargeable Bulgaria - Sofia phone cards and pinless rechargeable Bulgaria - Sofia calling cards. Select from the cheap Bulgaria phone cards and cheap Bulgaria calling cards we have for Sofia, Bulgaria.Bulgaria - Sofia Phone Dial Code: 3592
Guwahati, Jan. 16: Bongaigaon today made it to the semi-finals of the Umananda Bora Trophy inter-district (under-13) cricket tournament defeating Kokrajhar by three wickets in the last quarter-final at Nehru Stadium here. Kokrajhar elected to bat and were all out for 135 in 37 overs. In their reply, Bongaigaon reached 137 for seven in 37.2 overs. Rahul Sarkar topscored for Kokrajhar with an unbeaten 53 (4x2) and Plabon Rajguru contributed 21. None of the other batsman could reach double figures. The extras accounted for 39 runs, including 36 wides. Saurav Dev of Bongaigaon scalped five wickets for 35 runs while Sandip Paul chipped in with two for 20. For Bongaigaon, Siba Prasad topscored with an unbeaten 37. The Kokrajhar bowlers conceded 40 runs in extras, including 34 wides. Rahul Sarkar of Kokrajhar picked up three wickets for 15 runs and Abhijit Saha claimed two for 22. Bongaigaon will now meet Charaideo in the second semi-final at Nehru Stadium on Friday.
Twenty years ago, the fastest Internet backbone links were 1.5Mbps. Today we argue whether that's a fast enough minimum to connect home users. In 1993, 1.3 million machines were connected to the Internet. By this past summer, that number had risen to 769 million and this only counts systems that have DNS names. The notion of a computer that is not connected to the Internet is patently absurd these days. But all of this rapid progress is going to slow in the next few years. The Internet will soon be sailing in very rough seas, as it's about to run out of addresses, needing to be gutted and reconfigured for continued growth in the second half of the 2010s and beyond. Originally, the idea was that this upgrade would happen quietly in the background, but over the past few years, it has become clear that the change from the current Internet Protocol version 4, which is quickly running out of addresses, to the new version 6 will be quite a messy affair. Across the computing industry, we spend enormous amounts of money and effort on keeping older, "legacy" systems running. The examples range from huge and costly to small and merely annoying: planes circle around in holding patterns burning precious fuel because air traffic control can't keep up on systems that are less powerful than a smartphone; WiFi networks don't reach their top speeds because an original 802.11(no letter), 2Mbps system could show up—you never know. So when engineers dream, we dream of leaving all of yesterday's technology behind and starting from scratch. But such clean breaks are rarely possible. For instance, the original 10 megabit Ethernet specification allows for 1500-byte packets. Filling up 10Mbps takes about 830 of those 1500-byte packets. Then Fast Ethernet came along, which was 100Mbps, but the packet size remained the same so that 100Mbps ethernet gear could be hooked up to 10Mbps ethernet equipment without compatibility issues. Fast Ethernet needs 8300 packets per second to fill up the pipe. Gigabit Ethernet needs 83,000 and 10 Gigabit Ethernet needs almost a million packets per second (well, 830,000). For each faster Ethernet standard, the switch vendors need to pull out even more stops to process an increasingly outrageous numbers of packets per second, running the CAMs that store the forwarding tables at insane speeds that demand huge amounts of power. The need to connect antique NE2000 cards meant sticking to 1500 bytes for Fast Ethernet, and then the need to talk to those rusty Fast Ethernet cards meant sticking to 1500 bytes for Gigabit Ethernet, and so on. At each point, the next step makes sense, but the entire journey ends up looking irrational. The problem in the middle Of course, change does manage to happen. We went from 10Mbps to 10Gbps Ethernet, from wired to wireless, and from a Web that was barely able to show blinking text to one running all manners of applications. We even gained the DNS and TCP congestion control only in the late 1980s. But the reason we were able to change all of these technologies is that they happen either above or below the Internet Protocol in the network stack. Network protocols are built as "stacks" where a number of layers each provide a part of the required functionality. The famous OSI reference model has seven layers, but the TCP/IP stack has only four. Starting from the bottom and moving up, the (data)link layer knows how to send packets through cables or the air; the network layer knows about routing and addressing, allowing packets to find their way through the network; and the transport layer makes multi-packet communications work, and finally the application layer makes applications work over the network. These layers map to OSI layers 2, 3, 4, and 7, respectively. Each of these layers has many different protocols to choose from, except the network layer, which has only IP. Hence it looks like the waist in an hourglass. Ethernet operates at the datalink layer (and also on OSI layer 1, the physical layer), and supports complex networks of its own, but Ethernet networks are nonetheless limited in size and scope, and can be upgraded with relative ease. The transport layer, where TCP and UDP live, has some upgradability issues, but in principle, routers don't look beyond the network layer, so they don't care if a packet is TCP, UDP or some other *P. This means that changing to a new transport protocol just involves updating the end systems that send and receive the packets—the routers in the middle don't care. (Firewalls do care, hence the complications in practice.) The same is true for application protocols like HTTP, FTP, or SMTP. If your browser decides to start downloading webpages using FTP, that's between the browser and the remote server; the rest of the network doesn't care. But in contrast to the other layers of the stack, IP is everywhere. The source of the packet needs to create a valid IP packet, which all the routers along the way must process in order to send the packet down the right path. And the destination must be able to decode the IP packet. So changing the Internet Protocol means changing all hosts and all routers.
Real Madrid are set to hit the transfer window hard again in the 2013 offseason, and the news never stops for Los Blancos fans. The biggest question looming over Madrid in the offseason is whether they can hold onto Cristiano Ronaldo, but until that talk gains more steam, there are many more moves to tend to for president Florentino Perez. While out-of-favor players look to head for the exits of Santiago Bernabeu, other stars are out there waiting to be picked up by Madrid. After a trophy-less season and in the midst of a coaching change, this summer will be key for how La Liga turns out over the next few seasons. But Madrid have been looking closely at Isco in a move with Malaga to bring the prized attacking midfielder over. Let's take a look at the biggest summer transfer news as of late. The 21-year-old Spanish phenomenon gave Madrid a direct hint at his interest in joining Los Blancos, according to Jim Daly of the Daily Mirror. Highly rated Spanish youngster Isco looks set to move to Real Madrid this summer, rejecting a move to Manchester City. Isco had been thought to favour a move to the Etihad to play under Manuel Pellegrini - the coach he referred to as his "footballing father" after their two years together at Malaga. But the Manchester City target told Spanish newspaper AS: "Madrid excites me. They are one of the best teams in the world." A potential deal, according to Daly, is for £20.4 million plus another £2.5 million in incentives. Manchester City are undoubtedly Madrid's biggest competition for the Malaga playmaker, so any report indicating Isco's favor for Spain over the 2011-12 Premier League champions is positive news. Isco has spent much of the summer helping Spain secure the U-21 World Cup, and his top form has been shown over the last few seasons. He might be more of a prospect in his immediate beginning with the club, but playing time will be available to him if the move is made. A deal has not yet been made in a potential Gonzalo Higuain to Arsenal move, but talks between the two clubs are at an "advanced stage," according to Higuain's father per Geoff Sweet of The Sun. The Gunners are ready to pay a club-record £22million for the Argentine, who is also wanted by Juventus. Jorge Higuain played down suggestions that personal terms — reported to be £150,000 a week — have been agreed, but said a deal is close. He insisted: “Nothing has yet been signed but I assure you the negotiations between the clubs are at an advanced stage. We won’t agree a contract before the clubs reach a transfer deal. I’m sure Arsenal made a big offer, and Juventus.” This move is nothing new for Gunners fans, as the Real Madrid striker seemed set for a move last week. But it does confirm that there is serious interest and that a deal could be made in days or even possibly hours, with either Arsenal or Juventus. A deal would likely be a Arsenal transfer record, with Andrey Arshavin's £15 million deal from Zenit St. Petersburg in 2009 currently holding that claim. Arsenal seem to have high hopes of Higuain coming in to replace the void left by Thierry Henry and Robin van Persie. If Arsene Wenger can pull this off, it'll make for one of the biggest transfer moves of the offseason. Surely, Madrid have more important things to worry about with Higuain out of favor and Los Blancos being linked to the likes of Edinson Cavani according to Sky Sports, and Wayne Rooney, per Rob Draper of the Daily Mail. But it could mean some more money for Madrid's pocketbooks if a deal gets done.
Royal advisers paid too much attention to opinions when decisions needed to be made. That is why they couldn't save the monarchy. What is going to happen if these same men become the advisers of our new rulers? The Maoist leaders claim that power is with the people, but they too seem to want is to be worshipped for their own supremacy. These are the people who've used their craftiness to turn kangresi and UML politicians into money-hungry monsters. Why have the Maoists appointed these same people as their advisors? In the past, politicians managed to travel, sometimes unnecessarily, across the world, courtesy of the state, the Maoists are doing the same showing what their real intentions may be. There's inconsistency between their revolutionary ideology and their behaviour. This has increased tension between comrades who slept, ate and fought together during the war. In the end, nothing changes. The people are beginning to think that the current government is just an extension of feudalism.
(c) Pocumtuck Valley Memorial Association, Deerfield MA. All rights reserved. Contact us for information about using this image. Stall-fed oxen were, up until the time of the railroads, the major "crop" in Deerfield, Massachusetts. This treatise by Deerfield's historian, George Sheldon, speaks from the first person, since Mr. Sheldon (1818-1916) was involved in all the seasonal chores he describes. His language is picuresque and nostalgic as he recalls life on the farm in the first half of the 19th century.
Well Vick is listed as questionable for this week's game and the Falcons really won't know until Wednesday if he'll play. I'm sure for strategic reaosns they'll be really iffy on his playing status up until Sunday. Schaub is likely get most if not all the reps in practice between now and then. I honestly believe he will play. There might be a short leash on him, but if he's not limping, it's not a major hamstring injury IMO. According to reports, he wasn't limping today, so I think he can play. Knowing Vick, he'll want to play. "Vincere scis, Hannibal, victoria uti nescis" -- Maharbal, 216 B.C.E.
To diagnose what might be causing your swollen lymph nodes, your doctor may need: Jan. 02, 2014 - Your medical history. In addition, your doctor will want to know when and how your swollen lymph nodes developed and if you have any other signs or symptoms. - A physical exam. Your doctor will also want to check lymph nodes near the surface of your skin for size, tenderness, warmth and texture. The site of your swollen lymph nodes and your other signs and symptoms will offer clues to the underlying cause. - Blood tests. Depending on what your doctor suspects is causing your swollen lymph nodes, certain blood tests may be done to confirm or exclude the suspected underlying condition. The specific tests will depend on the suspected cause, but most likely will include a complete blood count (CBC), which helps evaluate your overall health and detect a range of disorders, including infections and leukemia. - Imaging studies. A chest X-ray or computerized tomography (CT) scan of the affected area may help determine potential sources of infection or find tumors. Lymph node biopsy. If your doctor can't pin down the diagnosis, it may be helpful to remove a sample from a lymph node or even an entire lymph node for microscopic examination. The method of biopsy may be fine-needle aspiration (FNA), which your doctor may perform during an office visit, or you may be referred to a surgeon or radiologist for this procedure. In FNA, the doctor inserts a thin, hollow needle into the lymph node and removes (aspirates) cells, which are then sent to a lab for study. Ultrasound — a noninvasive procedure that uses sound waves to create images of organs and tissues — may be used to guide the needle and ensure accuracy. In some cases, you may require an excisional biopsy. This type of biopsy — also called surgical biopsy — removes a portion or all of a lymph node through an incision for analysis. A surgeon performs this procedure while using local or general anesthetics. - Longo DL, et al. Harrison's Online. 18th ed. New York, N.Y.: The McGraw-Hill Companies; 2012. http://www.accessmedicine.com/resourceTOC.aspx?resourceID=4. Accessed Aug. 25, 2013. - Fletcher RH. Evaluation of peripheral lymphadenopathy in adults. http://www.uptodate.com/home. Accessed Aug. 25, 2013. - Lymphadenitis. The Merck Manuals: The Merck Manual for Healthcare Professionals. http://www.merckmanuals.com/professional/dermatologic_disorders/bacterial_skin_infections/lymphadenitis.html. Accessed Aug. 25, 2013. - Motyckova G, et al. Why does my patient have lymphadenopathy or splenomegaly? Hematology and Oncology Clinics of North America. 2012;26:395. You Are ... The Campaign for Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic is a not-for-profit organization. Make a difference today.
Thursday, May 1, 2014 Christian Sillanpaa's single to right field in the bottom of the ninth inning pushed across the winning run in Goose Creek's 3-2 playoff victory over Beaufort on Thursday night. The second-seeded Gators (13-9) loaded the bases with one out to set the stage for Sillanpaa. Goose Creek now hosts Ridge View (15-10) on Saturday at 1 p.m. in the District V winner's bracket game. The fourth-seeded Blazers upset top-seeded Lexington 4-2 on Thursday. Third-seeded Beaufort faces elimination at Lexington (16-8) on Saturday. "I've been coaching 18 years and that's one of my most enjoyable wins," GCHS coach Chris Pond said. "To come through in a game like that was special. Both teams were fighting back and forth." Bryce Jonason earned the win in relief of starter Cody Smith. Jonason tossed a scoreless top of the ninth despite loading the bases. Left fielder Kyle Moore's lunging catch inches from the fence for the final out denied the Eagles. Smith threw 123 pitches and struck out 16 batters, one short of tying the school record, in his eight innings of work. Mattison Pike took the loss for Beaufort. He walked three batters and allowed Sillanpa's game-winner while getting just one out. Bradley Brown threw eight innings for the Eagles, scattering seven hits and striking out four batters. Tyler Rio had three hits to lead the Gators, who had eight hits as a team. Smith added a pair of hits. Singleton had an RBI single in the first and Smith hit a sacrifice fly to right field in the third inning. Both of Beaufort's runs came in the top of the second inning. Jesse Sanborn doubled in the first run and Smith walked in the other. A diving grab by Singleton in center prevented Beaufort from doing further damage in the second. Leadoff hitter Brady Cormier was the only Eagle with two hits. Beaufort 020 000 000 - 2 5 0 GCHS 101 000 001 - 3 8 3 The Gazette is pleased to offer readers the enhanced ability to comment on stories. We expect our readers to engage in lively, yet civil discourse. We do not edit user submitted statements and we cannot promise that readers will not occasionally find offensive or inaccurate comments posted in the comments area. Responsibility for the statements posted lies with the person submitting the comment, not The Gazette.
State Superior Court on Tuesday upheld a lower court ruling that the Long Vue Club in Penn Hills can't stop Duquesne Light from upgrading transmission lines that run through the country club's property. At issue is whether a 1949 easement agreement between the club and the utility company should prohibit the upgrade, which would involve building an access road and replacing existing 80-foot-tall, H-frame poles with 150-foot-tall monopoles. The club claims the work wasn't authorized as part of the original easement and would ruin the view that makes it a desirable location for wedding receptions and other events. Duquesne Light filed for an injunction in March to permit the work. Superior Court upheld a Common Pleas Court decision in June to allow the utility to upgrade a 7.8-mile stretch of transmission lines from the Highland substation in East Liberty to Logans Ferry substation in Plum. The upgrade would increase its capacity from 69,000 volts to 345,000 volts. The Longue Vue Club board will meet to review the Superior Court's ruling and decide whether to appeal within 30 days, said member Tom Benic.neigh_east
Welcome people to the Jade Marxxx Xxx Fuck Porn streaming website that has ever existed! You won't believe how awesome this adult tube website is as it offers their viewers the hottest Jade Marxxx porn movies that you could ever imagine! That's right, no lame Jade Marxxx videos here that will leave you wanting to look for other sites, here they make sure to bring you the best in Jade Marxxx porn clips! Jade Marxxx, Xxx Tube Movies Archive pages: 1
Goddamn it I’m kind of loathe to add to the sextrillion words already spilled vainly over That Speech last week, but I feel that there is one thing that remains unremarked upon. I’m certainly not about to dive in to the debate over what is/isn’t sexism/misogyny, other than to say that as a man, I’m not positioned to judge how women should feel about things, and that it’s clear that Tony Abbott almost certainly is not a misogynist and almost certainly is a sexist. The addendum to this debate, one that emerged rapidly on the heels of the speech itself, is whether or not the ‘press gallery’ was wrong to fixate on the fact that the PM was speaking in defence of Peter Slipper, whose text messages were certainly not a glowing endorsement of the fairer sex. “WHY ARE YOU FOCUSSING ON SUCH IRRELEVANCE” came the cry from vocal corners of Twitter, which acts effectively these days as a channel for intelligent spokespeople of non-journalistic background to speak up against media intransigence. “We are here to provide context and we know best” came the journalistic retort. Clearly the massively consistent reporting of Gillard’s speech as a ‘failure’ and ‘hypocrisy’ was faintly ridiculous, given that it was not how the speech was being received across the populace. 1.6 million views of the youtube clip in six days indicates that the gallery had its finger utterly removed from the national pulse. Getting bogged down in the minutiae showed that political journalists missed what is clearly a historical moment. My former TBL comrade Max/Hunter/Paul put it best when he said it was “our generation’s Redfern speech”. By stressing the importance of Slipper, the media wound up (and will likely wind up) looking like fools, much like the Chicago Tribune, commenting in the wake of the Gettysburg Address: “The cheek of every American must tingle with shame as he reads the silly flat and dishwattery [sic] remarks of the man who has to be pointed out as the President of the United States. … Is Mr. Lincoln less refined than a savage? … It was a perversion of history so flagrant that the most extended charity cannot view it as otherwise than willful.” Obviously, the lens of history makes them look like a proper arse, and no doubt in future several quotes will re-emerge, making them look even more foolish, removed as they will be from the immediacy of the parliamentary moment. While I think the gallery wrote a bunch of junk, and should have realised that this was a moment that deserved attention, rather than trying to dictate to readers what the readers should think was important, there is a case for sympathy for them. In almost every other case, the non-journalistic eloquence of that particular slice of Twitter is fierce in its prosecution of journalists who fail to provide detail and context, instead simply offering simplistic ‘analysis’ that confirms existing audience prejudice. That when Tony Abbott rails against the carbon price, reporters simply repeat the claims and the government’s counter-claims. And they’d be right. But still, when political writers DO look deeper, and offer context, it’s a little bit stupid to be suggesting that their reporting should be dictated purely by the angle that the audience finds most appealing. Still, what a speech. If I have a daughter, I’m going to play it for her before she’s 12.
A former Transportation Security Officer at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport (CLT) recently stole money from a passenger’s checked bag – a small amount. To be exact, $36.00. Regardless of how little, no amount of theft by a TSA employee is tolerable. The Agency moved immediately to terminate this individual. To add some context, the number of TSA officers fired for theft represents less than one-half of one percent of officers that have been employed. If you have a travel related issue or question that needs an immediate answer, you can contact us by clicking here.
I see that some people are still joining in (as recently as today) and that is awesome! If you want to, please use the graphic above (created by Patrick at The Road) and put it on your own site to show people what you are doing. For each update, I'll post this link to show who is in and their goals for the month. So, this will be the first of 5 Sunday night posts where you can comment in and let us know how you are progressing toward your goals. The final UPDATE will be on 10/31, which will end the challenge. I hope everyone is doing well! For me, it was a busy weekend. I ran 3.1 miles on Friday night and did 15 cycling miles on Saturday and another 15 cycling miles on Sunday. It was not exactly what I wanted to get done this weekend, but trust me, I am just getting started! How did you do in these first few days of OktoberFast? And let's not forget, there is a fun "Oktoberfest" element to this! Does anyone have any recommendations, reviews or recipes for something yummy that fits in with this season? I am going to be sticking pretty close to my calorie budget, but with the increased cardio, I will splurge in small quantities to try some good beer, or some other "Oktoberfest"-themed food. What should I try?
the last panel is what gets to me. When I was a kid, we used to make flip books (and then super 8 animations), and our goal was always to make a "smoke fight." Maybe your next topic might celebrate one of the great (and now largely lost) animation mainstays... I love this stuff, I remeber seeing a lot of these orginal popeys on local TV as a kid, along with some vintage Bugs Bunny, Woody the Woodpecker and plenty of others from around the same era. I never knew how good I had it. I can hardly wait to get this set. John I have to thank you for re-opening my eyes to how much fun cartoons used to be and how sad it is to see how far things have fallen.I remeber seeing my first vintage popeys. The funny walks,and the almost subvocaled jokes. Watching this funny looking guy in a sailor suit go after the twiggy ugly chic, putting up with his slacker pal whimpy, his mean but funny pappy and beating the crap out of the villian. Not to mention the weird stuff like the goons,the mischievious sweet pea and the geep. "Its the natural thing to do." GOOD TIMES!!! If this DVD set is a success, would King Features and Warner Brothers take that as some kind of "marketing" signal and collaborate on yet another sucky modern P.C. Popeye cartoon, or hire some small but dedicated animation team that would actually do it right - and no interference from studio about politically correct anything? There's nothing like a good ol' Beatin'!!! Maybe one day cartoons will start to be funny again and we'll get to be witness to some more beatings.Hopefully. Ahhh Violence in cartoons perhaps the closest thing to perfection we mere humans can attain.... Now there's a funny beating right there. I like how Popeye is animated (the part where he's lighting his pipe. He looks like he's floating). The DVD set is AMAZING John. Do you own/like it? What stands out to me the most is how it's set to the music. That little detail I think doubles the "fun" of the whole thing. Good ol cartoon violence. Damn Parents Groups for protecting their wussy kids from this great stuff. Beatings are your best entertainment value! I LOVE Blutos fighting style in this cartoon!!!Uhh heaven. Once, in an interview clip that John filmed for the E! Channel (April March was still animating for him at the time), he referred to this violence in particular as "glorious beatings."Dang if that ain't so!The best fight sequence occurs either in 1933 or in 1934... as Popeye and Bluto really get into it and their action is obscured by smoke, Popeye emerges from the cloud just long enough to slowly and thoughfully relight his pipe before getting back into it. What was Bluto fighting at the time? Who knows? Who cares? It's an utterly magnificent throwaway gag.It is quite interesting to see how the Fleischers appeared to have solved the problem of expressing speed in animation YEARS before their west coast counterparts did - and I have never, even once, seen them get any credit for this. You know, I don't find this particularly good. Look at it slowly - Popeye and Bluto both fall to the ground at exactly the same time, and what's more, they both get up at exactly the same rate. All of TWO distinct punches are thrown by each party, then it's all indistinct.When I was a kid, I soooort of liked Popeye cartoons, but there was always something about the elongated actions (like in this clip) that lost my attention. It was never quite as "snappy" as the Warner Bros. shorts that were to follow.Nowadays I can appreciate where the Popeye cartoons were at for their time, but I don't admire them quite as much even as early Fleischer stuff. I really dig these old Popeye cartoons! I agree with Zoe--the animation in these toons ain't that great. You don't feel the impact of the punches, the fall at the beginning is totally weightless, as are the characters themselves when they stand up. It's fun to look at once but it's all drifty feeling--much like my interest after 20 seconds. Ah, good old fashion cartoon ass whompings ! Oh and how manly can you get in a cartoon ? Most Popeyes are about two guys beating the shit out each other in order to get a woman. John, what do you think is the best college to go to for animation? Hey, you naysayers! There are Disney movies out there for those of you who only care about seeing real physics drawn out...for the rest of us, there's Popeye! I like Bluto's spherical body in the early Popeyes. Popeye is just the ultimate cool savage character in that cartoon. When he catches his pipe like that, holy cow. They should have had Tarantino direct the Popeye live action movie. That Popeye DVD is nearly flawless, and it's hard to think of a better animation DVD. So good and so much fun. I wish they'd done the Looney Tunes dvds like this. It will take me a while to go through it all. I did notice some very slight effects of DVNR in Popeye Meets Ali Baba when I freeze framed but it's hard to complain since you can see so much more detail (and more footage) than any other print I've seen. Haven't noticed any in any of the other cartoons yet. My only other complaint is that it didn't have all of the year 1938. Two of my favorites, Goonland and The Jeep, will have to wait until the next set. Hey John. Got a question for you about the episode George liquor's wilderness adventure. If at all possible I'd like to communicate via email with you. Mine is email@example.com I don't want to see real physics Barbara--I wanna see the kind of exaggerated caricatured movement that can only be achieved through animation. I'm not a naysayer of the Popeye toons--I think some of them are excellent and highly entertaining--I don't think this a particularly good example though. i did just pick up the popeye box set, it was expensive compared to some of the other american cartoon boxsets but well worth it Can anybody tell me if the cartoons on this set are DVNR'd or if anything else has been done to them?Visit my blog at http://www.riveroffun.blogspot.com >> Can anybody tell me if the cartoons on this set are DVNR'd or if anything else has been done to them? << I have this set for several days and so far there seem to be no DVNR, only some JPEG-like artefacting on several cartoons, but nothing too serious. It's a fantastic set, and these are some of the greatest and most entertaining cartoons ever made. totally off topic. I just witnessed direct sponsorship online. I watch the video podcast of this fellow, Liam Lynch (most famous for that "United States of Whatever" song.) The show is mostly him being himself, writing funny songs and doing sketch comedy and just plain talking to the audience (reminds me a lot of Soupy Sales and old-fashioned TV). Anyway, the cost of teh bandwidth needed to broadcast his show became so exspensive that he had to get an advertiser to fit the hosting bill. Luckily he gota deal in which he basically makes his own commercial any way he wants for the company, Wizzard Media. This info is nothing spectacular, but it shows that your predictions are coming true, John.GOD! Why does everyone have to mow their lawn all the fucking time can't lawn-mowing be restricted to a certain 2-hour period of time so i can enjoy my yard for the other 22hours of the day. Yes, it is DVNRed, but not as bad as some other cartoons.You can see it during walks and pans. Popeye keeps going in and out of focus.The contrast has been turned way up too, which makes the film flash bright and dark, so it flickers.Lines have been sharpened and thinned. They have stair-step effect. In long shots the faces almost disappear.This set is not as bad as the Looney Tunes or Woody sets, but I still don't understand why they do this stuff to the films at all.Why can't they just leave DVNR off? I don't get it either. Do any of you remember the special feature on one of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection sets where they dicuss their "restortion". They show one of the technicians working on "Corny Concerto" and boosting the color of Porky's red hunting hat until it looked like it was on fire! And they left it that way. They manner in which they arbitrarily play around with these peices of history is sickening.Visit my blog at www.riveroffun.blospot.com Is this the same one where Popeye literally knocks Bluto across the globe? I'm loving this new Popeye DVD . These shorts are great , with wonderful animation .John, do you know why Robert McKimson was so down on the Fleischers ? In the only interview he gave before his death in 1977, McKimson commented "we tried to learn from Disney... but we would never look up to anything like Terrytoons or what Fleischer was doing. Popeye cartoons are terrible. They look like a child drew them." has anyone ever seen a skinny old man that actually had much bigger foerarms than bicepts in real life. i thought that popeye was drawn goofy just cause it looked cool but its a caraciture of a real old man i didnt know that was physically possible but a guy i work with has those exact features and even talks like popeye, has no teeth except he would probably scare children. its bizar to see a person with those proportions hey dude i will teach you how to remove the navbar in your blog (to give it the professional look , and also teach you how to get a free domain name ... look me up here http://igizmore.blogspot.com ... my free domain is www.igizmore.uni.cc There's nothing like good old fashioned cartoon violence!Cartoons used to be brutal and manly! (and hilarious) They went after each other with bats,frying pans,etc.Teeth got knocked out,characters go shot,and would commit suicide! Now look at the crap cartoons have become......RRRGgghHH..makes me want to commit some cartoon style violence! Post a Comment
This weekend's countdown begins toward the Monday debut of the hour-long special The Sarah Jane Adventures. The episode, broadcast Monday 1 January from 4.50 to 5.50pm on BBC1/CBBC, is the pilot episode for a limited-run series that will air later in the year and brings Elisabeth Sladen back to the screen in the title role of Sarah Jane Smith, the role she was last seen as in the last Doctor Who season's episode "School Reunion". Joining Sladen in the episode is Samantha Bond, best known as Miss Moneypenny in the Pierce Brosnan "James Bond" films and for her role in the series "Distant Shores," as Mrs. Wormwood, and Jamie Davies as Wormwood's henchman, Davey. Sarah Jane's young sidekicks in the episode are Yasmin Page as Maria, Porsha Lawrence Mavour as Kelsey and Thomas Knight as Luke. K9 (possibly voiced by John Leeson) is to be seen briefly in the special but will not be in the series to follow. The episode is entitled Invasion of the Bane, and is written by Gareth Roberts and Russell T Davies. Davies and Julie Gardner executive produce; Phil Collinson and Matthew Bouch are the producers. Below is the episode's press release, as well as a collection of photos from the episode, presented here as a teaser for the Monday airing; click on each for a larger version. (As always, all photos are copyrighted to the BBC and used solely to promote the episode.) Elisabeth Sladen -- Doctor Who's former sidekick -- is back as Sarah Jane Smith in a brand-new, fast-paced children's drama, created by Russell T Davies and from the makers of Doctor Who. The Sarah Jane Adventures ensures that children never look at fizzy drinks in the same way again... Sarah Jane is fascinated by Bubbleshock, a strangely addictive organic drink that is taking the world by storm. She is almost oblivious to the arrival of her new neighbour, Maria, a young girl starting a new life with her father. Maria becomes intrigued by the strange goings on at Sarah Jane's house but, before she can investigate, she's whisked away by her new friend, Kelsey, to the brightly coloured, but sinister, Bubbleshock factory. As Sarah Jane tries to find out what the mysterious Mrs Wormwood is doing at the factory, Maria and Kelsey embark on a tour which leads them into the path of a monstrous creature and a strange young boy with no name or past. When Sarah Jane and Maria discover the secret ingredient of Bubbleshock, they realise they are the only ones who can stop Mrs Wormwood and her evil plans for the human race.
Dept. of Occupational Therapy Health Sciences Building, 3305 East Carolina University Greenville, NC 27858 Phone: (252) 744-6200 Fax: (252) 744-6198 A.A.S. Degree Information Systems Certificate Diploma in Information Systems Who’s Who in Community College 2001 Member of ABG & PTK Honor Society at Martin Community College I just started here in August of 2006 and I’m excited and looking forward to assisting the faculty of the Occupational Therapy Department as they are on the “rise!!!” I’m currently assisting with Dr. Jane Painter, the new fieldwork coordinator. I have also been assigned the task of managing the department’s Alumni List. To the Alumni: If you move, change your phone number, get married, have children, change jobs, or any thing that you desire the department to know, then please email or phone me with that information. We do consider you a part of the family and we want to keep in touch with you wherever you might go. I look forward to hearing from you!!
4MC: The 20 year making of the tilting 4-wheeler By Ben Purvis June 11, 2009 This odd-looking creation could be the start of something massive – it's the first prototype of an entirely new design of leaning four-wheeled bike which not only offers a massive increase in safety but, should it reach production, will be legal for anyone holding a car driving licence to use without taking an extra test – all while keeping the cheap road tax, good fuel economy and exemption from congestion charging that goes hand in hand with bike ownership. This odd-looking creation could be the start of something massive – it's the first prototype of an entirely new design of leaning four-wheeled bike which not only offers a massive increase in safety but, should it reach production, will be legal for anyone holding a car driving licence to use without taking an extra test – all while keeping the cheap road tax, good fuel economy and exemption from congestion charging that goes hand in hand with bike ownership. Following on from our first glimpse of the 4MC, Ben Purvis takes a closer look at the development of this remarkable machine and talks to inventor Nick Shotter about the 20-year obsession that led to its creation. Think about it for a minute. In the UK alone, there are around 30 million car licence holders, compared to two million with bike licences. If just 0.0001 percent of those drivers – one in 10,000 – decided to buy such a vehicle in one year, it would instantly become the country's best-selling bike. That's a big pot of gold at the end of this particular rainbow and with that perspective inventor Nick Shotter's obsession the concept, which has seen him give up everything in pursuit of getting this prototype running, seems rather less crazy. What is it? Neither a bike nor a car, the 4MC is currently only a prototype designed to prove the concept of Shotter's leaning suspension ideas. However, should something reach production using the same ideas it would be classed as a tricycle according to European legislation– a long-ignored category that sits somewhere in between the two. But with controls like a bike, similar width to a two-wheeler and the ability to lean around corners, to all intents and purposes it's a motorcycle in all but name. But since it falls into the virtually forgotten B1 licence category – which is automatically granted to anyone passing their car driving test in Europe – it's a bike that can be ridden by virtually anyone. What's so clever about it? While Piaggio's MP3 has now started to get us used to the idea of a leaning trike, Shotter's concept holds several key advantages thanks to the unique suspension design that's the subject of his patents. Compared to the MP3, there are two key differences. First is the number of wheels. Despite being narrower than an MP3, the addition of another back wheel adds a massive amount of extra stability. Shotter says: “Imagine you have a triangle linking the three wheels. Halfway along the bike's length, where the center of gravity is, the two lines linking the front and rear wheels are only half as far apart as they are at the front wheels. The center of gravity only needs to move outside these lines for the bike to fall over.” With four wheels, those imaginary lines are parallel, and just as wide where the bike's center of gravity is as they are at the front, giving greater stability. Shotter said: “I've even tried locking my bike at full lean in one direction, and then riding in a circle the other way, so I'm leaning out of the direction of travel. It feels weird, but it didn't fall over.” The other key advantage of Shotter's prototype is its low center of gravity. By using leading arms at the front and trailing arms at the back, compared to the Piaggio set up which is like two conventional scooter monoforks attached above the front wheels to a pair of tilting beams, Shotter's machine has all its suspension mounted as low down as possible, keeping the center of gravity very low. Again, that means it can lean further before tipping over. Horizontally-mounted shocks, with the front spring above then engine and the rear below on the prototype, are each attached to a “balance beam” - a transverse linkage that is connected to a wheel at either end via a pushrod. The beam allows each wheel to move independently, while sharing its spring with the other wheel on the other side of the bike. Cleverly, each wheel has its own damper, but they are interlinked. In normal use, the operate independently, but at the flick of a switch valves re-route the damping oil to connect each pair of dampers. The result is when one damper compresses, the oil above the piston inside is routed to the area below the piston on the damper opposite, forcing it to move in the same direction. This basically locks the two wheels together, so the bike can no longer tilt. As well as being far lighter than the Piaggio solution to this problem, which uses a brake on the tilting axis to prevent leaning, Shotter reckons he will even be able to add a form of stability control to his design, using a fast moving valve, like that in an ABS brake system, to quickly alternate between the free-moving and locked damper positions when sensors register a slide that is leading to the bike tilting too fast. Yet more advantages come from the 4MC's trailing/leading arm suspension thanks to its geometry. As it tilts, the track actually becomes wider, increasing stability and also incorporating an added safety measure, as even if the suspension isn't locked, at a standstill the tires would need to move away from each other to allow the bike to tip over. The arm set-up also means that as the bike leans, the wheelbase becomes shorter, with the suspension on one side dropping and the other rising, improving the cornering while maintaining straight line stability. Even in the event of a puncture, the bike is designed to remain safe and stable, the steering geometry designed so, say, the left front tire blows, its extra drag will make the wheel try to turn to the right, canceling out the tendency for the whole machine to dive off in the direction of the blown tire. In tests with a deflated tire, the machine still tracks straight and can be steered normally. While the extra wheels offer a grip and stability advantage compared to conventional bikes, the leaning ability means it actually uses that grip better than a car can manage. When a normal four-wheeler corner, the weight is transferred to the two outside wheels thanks to centrifugal force. But by leaning, the 4MC keeps the pressure even on all four wheels in corners as well as on straights, using the maximum potential grip of all the tyres at all times. The same applies on cambers and over bumps, again times where a non-leaning four-wheeler's centre of gravity will be moved away from the middle. There's one thing Shotter is quite clear about: whatever form the 4MC reaches production, it won't look much like the prototype. Designed around a Yamaha YP 400 engine and transmission, the prototype has been developed to include endless levels of adjustment, so the geometry of the suspension can be tweaked and altered. On a production version, this wouldn't be necessary. And nor would the frame. Shotter envisions a bike with a purpose-made engine that doubles as the main chassis part, with the leading and trailing arm suspension simply bolted directly to it . “Using the Yamaha engine meant I had to build a frame,” he said, “So this prototype is much heavier and longer that it really needs to be. Built around its own engine, the bike could be 70kg lighter at around 200kg for a 400cc, or as little as 160kg for a 125cc, as well as being six to eight inches shorter. But all I am intending to do is prove my suspension ideas work, and for that, this prototype does the job.” To demonstrate how much could be stripped off the bike in production form, Shotter has painted all the parts that wouldn't be there on a production machine in blue. The Tesseract connection During the 4MC's development Yamaha has been quickest to offer help and support with the project – supplying the prototype's YP400 engine at “a very special price” and, according to Shotter, showing the most interest of all the manufacturers he has so far approached. Intriguingly, while Yamaha has not made an approach to actually buy the design, its Tesseract concept bike – a leaning four-wheeled superbike revealed at the Tokyo show in October 2007 – uses a remarkably similar design, complete with leading and trailing arm suspension with similar linkages to Shotter's machine. And it came long after Shotter's designs were revealed to the company. According to Shotter, attempts by Yamaha to patent the Tesseract's suspension system have been knocked back by the European Patent Office because they are too similar to the patents he has already filed. And since the Tesseract was shown, rumors from Yamaha suggest the firm is now working on a scooter-style machine with leaning four-wheeled suspension. Shotter's belief that a tilting machine available to car drivers will be a huge hit should be proved one way or another this year with the introduction of Piaggio's MP3 LT. Although in appearance identical to the stock MP3, the new LT features one key difference; its front wheels are a couple of inches further apart. And that extra width means it's no longer registered as a motorcycle, with the need for a suitable licence, but as a quadricycle that can be ridden using a car licence, regardless of engine size and with no need for a CBT or L-plates. And rather than being a problem for Shotter, the MP3 LT could be just the thing he needs to get his project off the ground. If it's a success – and with 30,000 normal MP3s already sold and the LT reaching a far bigger audience there's no reason to expect it to be anything else – other bike makers are likely to sit up and take notice. And in the rush to get a competitor on the market, what could be better than buying the rights to a design that's already been done. Even if manufacturers try to go it alone and design their own takes on the idea, they are likely to struggle when it comes to designing a leaning system that's effective and different enough to Shotter's design to avoid having to pay royalties on his patents. How the 4MC was made “Why don't they do it like that?” It's a question we've all asked before; the sudden moment of clarity that gives you an insight into how some everyday item could be improved. For most of us it's an idle, passing thought. We assume our idea has already been thought of and dismissed by others far more qualified. But for Nick Shotter just such a moment has turned into a 20-year labour of love in the pursuit of turning his concept into a marketable reality. The moment came when Shotter, an engineer, was working as a bike courier in London to earn some extra cash. A small off back in 1989 saw him out of action with a broken hand, and got him thinking – how could he keep the traffic beating ability of a bike but massively cut the risk? “It was when I was stuck in traffic driving a van and motorcycle couriers were going past me,” he said, “It dawned on me again how great bikes are through traffic, and got me thinking about how to make bikes safer.” And long before the MP3 was even a twinkle in Piaggio's corporate eye he came to the conclusion that more wheels meant more safety, and a narrow, leaning machine with more than two wheels would be the ideal solution. Little did he know then that the idea would lead to him working full time for eight and a half years on creating his 4mc and prototype, with no income and just the hope that eventually a major firm would have the same vision and be prepared to pay handsomely for the rights to use the ideas he's developed. “It started as a hobby, really,” he said, “My first thoughts were about how to get more rubber on the road, and I quickly realised the whole thing had to lean, so the answer was to have four thin wheels. “For the first eleven years I didn't tell a soul. I was working at home, spending every spare moment on it, and when I won a Government Smart Award in 2000 I went full time on it. I thoroughly researched the patents on the subject, and there were none like this. Patents are crucial, because at the end of the day, that's what I'll be selling. “There's been no pay coming back at all during that time. Eight and a half years. That's the equivalent of around £224,000 in lost wages alone, and on top of that we put in another £87,000 from me and my family, and around £81,000 has come from others, including the £36,000 Smart award and even £10,000 from a guy who just wanted to help. That's £392,000 it's cost so far, coming from me, my family and investors. “When I got married five years ago we looked at our finances and realized that either the project had to go or the mortgage had to go. And even if we'd sold the house we'd still have had to find money to rent somewhere else, so that wouldn't have helped. So I started looking for cheap accommodation, so we could let our house out rather than abandon the project. My wife was all for it, saying 'if you don't do it, and then someone else does, you will always regret not doing it.'” “So we looked at the alternatives, and found out about house-sitting. We found a couple who wanted to go to the Bahamas for two and a half years, and we took over their house. That meant we could let our house, and put the money into the project instead, . Then there's the workshop I used, where the owner said that rather than charging me an hourly rate, he would accrue the hours, and I could pay him when I make money by selling the intellectual property in the designs. I spent nearly 4000 hours in that workshop.” The effort that's gone into the prototype is simple staggering. The front wheels alone accounted for some 300 hours of work, machining them from solid blocks of alloy to accommodate the bike's rim-mounted disc brakes. Shotter even made the front brake discs and calipers himself. Now, more than twenty years on from the original spark, the prototype of his machine has finally been completed and undergone its first tests, and as the only man to have ridden it so far, Shotter is finally convinced that he's been right all along – the prototype offering more stability than even an MP3 can muster while remaining as narrow as a conventional bike. For more information, see: 4MC. - Around The Home - Digital Cameras - Good Thinking - Health and Wellbeing - Holiday Destinations - Home Entertainment - Inventors and Remarkable People - Mobile Technology - Urban Transport - Wearable Electronics - 2014 Action Camera Comparison Guide - 2014 Smartwatch Comparison Guide - 2014 Windows 2-in-1 Comparison Guide - 2014 Smartphone Comparison Guide - 2014 Full Frame DSLR Comparison Guide - 2014 Tablet Comparison Guide - 2014 Superzoom Camera Comparison Guide - 2014 iPad Comparison Guide - 2014 Entry-Level to Enthusiast DSLR Comparison Guide - 2014 Small Compact Camera Comparison Guide
Koscheck: "I don't care what fans think (and) i'm pissed i lost to Alves" View Single Post 02-21-2009, 01:24 PM Kos is back and fourth for me... Sometimes I cant stand him and sometimes I find myself cheering for him. He has improved 120% since he was on TUF. I dont think he will ever be as good as GSP though.
This is my first post with WordPress. I am new, so let me know if my post should be corected in the future by asking it in a better way. I am creating a website with multiple functionalities. Can anyone help me find a plugin that allows me to create documents. Example, in every organization, there are certain paperwork we use daily. I want to be able to create a docuemnt into a PDF and enter the data into the document and print it out. Lets take a "fax cover letter" instead of printing it out then hand writing on the paper, I want to create a "fax cover letter" into a pdf formate. Any one help?
There is no more noble occupation in the world, than to assist another human being and to help some one to the point where they can succeed and be all they want to be. Nobody taught me this in school or college - One of the greatest laws in the universe is the law sowing and reaping - Put another way, what you sow in life, you also reap We see this sowing principle in action all around us. People who live generous, giving lives often receive great rewards. Great friends attract equally great friendships. And those who are lazy, more often than not, live a life that’s wasteful and unfulfilled. Since the beginning of creation farmers have cultivated crops by this same principle. They would never expect a crop which they hadn’t planted in the first place. It is the same in our lives. Robert Kiyosaki in his brilliant book “Rich Dad’ poor Dad” states “Whatever you want in life, you have to give it away first.” Isn’t it amazing that the things you give away often return to you? When you give something away you will always get something better in return! Never miss the opportunity to give. Never disregard those heart-felt prompts, because what may seem silly to you might mean everything to someone else. Giving need not be just in monetary terms, you can also give your time, your effort, heart.. Use your common sense and judgement when giving. Giving or helping someone more than their ability to self help is going to back fire. Seeds Turn into Harvests I heard a man once say that one can count the seeds in an apple, but cannot count the apples in a seed. What seeds of opportunity are you creating for other people? Opportunities don’t just happen; they are created. We create opportunities when we share them, when we show them and when we give them away. We often think entrepreneurs are only creating wealth for themselves, when in fact they are also creating many opportunities for others. A successful venture creates job opportunities, wealth opportunities and opportunities for people to buy homes, not to mention opportunities for them to educate their children and create a future. Successful businesses help others fulfill their dreams. Anybody who has a harvest of prosperity today, has sown seeds in the near past. Former Chrysler Corporation chairman, Lee lacocca said, “In the end all business operations can be reduced to three words – people, product and prof’its. People come first.” A key to making the most of opportunity is to know that we must also create opportunities for others. Brian Tracy, author of Maximum Achievement said, “Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others, unsuccessful people are always asking what’s in it for me?” We create opportunities by networking with other people. Networking is people working together for self betterment. I enjoy being connected. I have lost count of the times I have been able to connect other people. Perhaps it was a printer who needed a great graphic artist, or a great graphic artist who needed someone to print something. Perhaps it was someone who was looking for an opportunity to become successful, and I had the opportunity to link him with someone who has been financially successful. Many times I have been able to help young people struggling with addictions and crisis in their life meet someone who has overcome similar difficulties. Their triumph has provided inspiration for those young people. This is connecting people together. It is the art of networking. We must learn the art of working together. Its the power of synergy, where the total sum is greater than the individual parts. No man or woman will ever be a success by him or her self. We must learn the art the engine, the transmission and every other individual part that makes up the car working together is very useful. Synergy is the power of each individual part working together. We can do more collectively, with co-operation and with an interconnection, much more than we ever could just on our own. That’s the very reason we have tremendous success in our business.
Thanks to the Scientific Shamrock blog, here are two more Christmas E-Cards I’m adding to The Best Places To Learn About Christmas, Hanukkah, & Kwanzaa. One is the Merry Message from Better Homes and Gardens. Have Santa Claus deliver an audio message either by recording your own voice or by using the text-to-speech feature. Students can then post the link to their message on a blog or website. The Gingerbread Man With Everything lets you create your own virtual…gingerbread man and send or post the link.
There was a third Apple founder. Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake for $800 in 1976. A 1000-year-old recipe translated from Old English proves effective at killing MRSA. Good news, X-philes! The first episode audiences see of a TV series isn't necessarily its pilot episode. "My father, you see, interested me in patterns at the very beginning, and then later in things, like we would turn over stones and watch the ants carry the little white babies down deeper into th
Welcome to sonicstrike.net! This is a place-holder for the sonicstrike.net home page. If you are the domain owner: Log in to the Site Administrator interface to start managing this site (you might want to bookmark this link). Through the Site Administrator interface you can: - Set up your site's security and view your site's traffic reports - Manage your site's user accounts and back up/restore your site's data - Set up your site's email services (if enabled for your site) After you log in, be sure to visit the online Help quick-start guide. It will help you get up and running in no time! If you are a user account holder: Log in to the User Administrator interface to start managing your account (you might want to bookmark this link). Through the User Administrator interface you can: - View or change your account information - Back up and restore your files - Send and receive email messages (if enabled for your site) About Web sites Web sites are servers connected to the Internet. On Web sites, you can publish Web pages in a format called HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language). Anyone with a computer connected to the Internet can view Web pages using programs called a browsers, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or AOL/Netscape Navigator. You can also use Web sites to send and receive email over the Internet. Creating and publishing Web pages The easiest way to create a Web page is to use a Web authoring-tool, also called an HTML-authoring tool. Some of the more common authoring tools are Composer, which is free and available from Netscape, FrontPage, which is available for purchase from Microsoft, and Dreamweaver, which is available for purchase from Macromedia. These tools write the HTML code for you as you compose your page. Using them is similar to using a word processor such as Microsoft Word. As an alternative, you can create Web pages by writing the HTML code yourself in a text editor program such as Notepad. Pointers to learning HTML include Writing HTML: A tutorial for creating Web pages, Web Monkey, CNET Web Builder, HTML Goodies, Yale Web Style Guide, and W3C HTML Homepage. If you own this domain, log in to the Site Administrator interface, then go to the Quick-start guide in the online Help for more information about publishing Web pages to your site.
Choose two locations and create your factsheet The Global Employee Engagement Index™ is a global survey conducted by Effectory International that surveys the work-related opinions of employees in 52 different countries. Respondents are asked more than 100 questions each in order for Effectory International to gain a detailed insight into global work-opinions. From the data collected, Effectory International creates an independent benchmarking tool that compares 52 different countries on 17 key HR themes (including: employee engagement, role clarity, employee motivation and organisational commitment). For more information, please visit the survey specifics. To access the interactive benchmarking tool: - Click on your continent to zoom in and to view the results of your country. - Click on Selected Theme to view the results of a different HR topic. - Select two countries or continents to compare, by using Create Your Own Fact Sheet. To receive a copy of the latest Global Employee Engagement Index report click here If you would like to benchmark against the Global Employee Engagement Index™ or use the benchmarking tool for your organisation, please contact Effectory International here.
SEATTLE — THURSDAY, Sept. 13, 2012 (MedPage Today) — Cognitive behavioral therapy to tackle depression in heart failure patients can improve outcomes for both conditions, researchers found. Talk therapy with biofeedback was associated with a 1.8-fold lower risk of cardiac hospitalization or death during 12 months of follow-up compared with usual care in a trial by Debra K. Moser, DNSc, RN, of the University of Kentucky in Lexington, and colleagues. The difference in rates was substantial at 28.2 percent versus 38.2 percent with usual care and 39.7 percent with an extra attention control group, the investigators reported here at the Heart Failure Society of America meeting. Depressive symptom scores and quality of life also improved significantly after 6 weeks of therapy in the single-center trial. "Drug therapy hasn't been shown to sever the link between depression and poor outcomes," Moser said in an interview. "I think adding this biobehavioral therapy will really increase the effectiveness of any of the interventions we have now." Depression is twice as common in heart failure patients as in healthy older adults, with a prevalence ranging from 20 percent to 60 percent depending on the study. Depressive symptoms double the risk of readmission and triple the risk of death in heart failure, she pointed out. The reason appears to be both behavioral and physiologic, as depression is linked to non-adherence, inflammation, and harmful sympathetic nervous system activation. The active intervention used in the study included relaxation therapy with a biofeedback device to track fingertip temperature as an objective measure of the success of patients attempts to control stress and negative emotions with progressive muscle relaxation. "It gives people an increasing sense of control over their heart failure," Moser told attendees. Cognitive behavioral therapy also addressed negative thoughts, problem solving, and behavioral exercises in the weekly 1-hour sessions over 6 weeks. A single psychiatric nurse practitioner with extensive cardiac experience performed all the therapy sessions. The active control group got the same number of sessions with the therapist but without any guidance on how to relax and no systemic therapy, although they could talk to the therapist. The remainder of the 278 randomized patients got usual care alone. Depression scores declined in the biobehavioral therapy group through to 12 months but increased slightly in both control groups for a significant between-group difference. Prevalence of depression fell from 25 percent in the active intervention group at baseline to 13.3 percent at 12 months, while the rates rose slightly — to 24.1 percent — by the end in the usual care group and to 20.7 percent in the attention group. Health-related quality of life scores improved in the intervention group through to 12 months, whereas the control groups saw some improvement at 3 months but rebounded by the end. These benefits were likely durable because of the intensive intervention, Moser noted. However, the big questions are whether the results are generalizable and clinically practical for widespread use. Currently, screening for depression in heart failure is often done quickly if at all, with treatment being a drug prescription rather than psychotherapy, commented session moderator Javed Butler, MPH, MD, of Emory University in Atlanta. He questioned how much of the trial's effect was due to the intervention itself rather than the individual therapist, who Moser noted was the best therapist she's seen and really made a personal connection with the patients. "That's what worries me, if the intervention was done by a class A-plus therapist who's just dedicated to this trial and then you extrapolate these results to the world at large whether we will see the same results," Butler told MedPage Today. "This looks like a best case scenario." Nevertheless, cognitive behavioral therapy is worth investigating further in multicenter trials for these patients, many of whom may have depression as a reaction to heart failure diagnosis or feeling of loss of control due to worsening illness, he said. "If you can make these people feel better and not put them on yet another drug for life, it's really worth testing in my opinion," he concluded. Source: Depression Tx Boosts HF Outcomes
EVGA GTX690 Review including Quad SLI SO we get to take a look at the GTX690 in the flesh and its easy to see nVidia have followed the basic design ideas from the GTX590 with the central fan location and the GPU cores either side. The back of the GPU is very plain though, no memory chips, no core braces, nothing very interesting back here at all. On the side there is a large GEFORCE GTX logo that lights up, we loved the version on the 590 but always said it needed to be bigger. We think Nvidia have got it spot on this time round and it looks amazing lit up at night. Other things to point out would be the single SLI connector and the two 8pin power connections. On to the bit we like best, the windows either side of the fan are a master stroke, this cooler looks completely awesome. The rest of the shoud actually looks like its bolted together, we never coud decide if it really was mostly metal or just very clever plastic but we dont care it looks awesome. We would go as far as to say this is the prettiest GPU we have ever had the pleasure of photographing here at OC3D! Just a quick couple of shots to show the twin twins all curled up together provocatively!
Collingwood, Ontario roundabout design – Photo courtesy of the Town of Collingwood We have all dealt with “stop and go” traffic. Drivers accelerate quickly, then slam on their brakes when they hit a red light. Then accelerate quickly again, and repeat. This harmful style of driving wastes gas, creates unnecessary pollution, and creates unsafe conditions for motorists, pedestrians and cyclists, and is bad for our stress levels and overall health. The intention of traffic signals was to calm traffic, but it instead sometimes has the opposite effect of creating drivers who are racing to “beat the red”. Un-timed traffic signals result in inefficient traffic flow, leaving scores of cars sitting idle and scores of other cars racing to make the green. In smaller towns, traffic signals become a burden, slowing down fast-moving highway traffic. To rectify this, the government spends hundreds of millions of tax dollars to build massive concrete bridges to keep cars moving unimpeded. While heading to Collingwood, Ontario to go skiing on my Christmas break last week I encountered several roundabout junctions that weren’t there the last time I had visited Collingwood several years ago. These roundabouts were recommended in a 2007 Environmental Assessment that was completed on behalf of the Town of Collingwood. They were recommended to ensure “future traffic volumes can be adequately accommodated”, while also increasing safety and reducing environmental impacts. Collingwood roundabout under construction – Photo courtesy of the Town of Collingwood When the space warrants roundabouts, they can be a great way to preclude the limitations discussed above that are inherent with traffic signals. Furthermore, the cost to build a roundabout pales in comparison to the exorbitant costs of building an overpass. The Collingwood roundabouts cost about $600,000 each, while an overpass can cost anywhere between $4 million to $12 million, depending on the configuration. When there is enough space to construct them, roundabouts are an extremely efficient way to keep traffic moving while also improving safety for pedestrians and bicyclists when designed properly. A Dutch study of 181 intersections that were converted to roundabouts found a reduction of 73% in pedestrian crashes. The National Cooperative Highway Research Program (NCHRP Report 572) found a 67% overall reduction in collisions following the implementation of roundabouts at 26 multi-lane intersections. From the Town of Collingwood website: “Vehicles operating in a roundabout result in lower environmental impacts, by keeping traffic moving at a more consistent lower speed and reducing idling. The shorter delays and “rolling” approach to roundabouts generally reduce fuel and energy consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint, as well as a reduction in noise to the surrounding community. The longer delays and the start and stop approach to signalized intersections will generally have a more demanding impact on the environment.” To take our Canadian roundabouts one step further, we need only to look at the Dutch for inspiration. Watch this video from our friend Mark over at Bicycle Dutch, showing a modern roundabout in the Netherlands. Notice how bicyclists have the right of way to drivers. But despite this, cars still seem to flow fairly well through the roundabout. Mark also has a wonderful write-up on the evolution of the Dutch roundabouts on his blog. It is great to see pragmatic traffic design solutions popping up in Canada rather than reverting to the old thinking of building stop signs, traffic signals or overpasses at every junction.
Trowbridge Carnival under threat if volunteers don't come forward The future of Trowbridge Carnival could be under threat if its committee can’t find more members. Organisers of the annual procession, which has been held for over 70 years, are appealing for help to plan and steward the event as well as other activities throughout the year. Trowbridge Carnival Committee, which has seven members, meets at Roundstone School monthly on every third Wednesday at 7pm. Other than the carnival, the committee organises the town’s soapbox derby, country fayre and a bowls competition. Maryrose Mantle, carnival committee chairman, said: “For one reason and another some people haven’t been able to dedicate as much as in the past, but I’m sure there are people out there with good ideas for the carnival and for other events in Trowbridge who we would love to hear from. “The carnival has been growing year after year and there would be a danger that if we didn’t get more members it would have to stop or be smaller and not of the same quality.” The carnival procession, to take place on October 18, needs about 40 volunteer stewards for it to run safely. Mrs Mantle said that she would also welcome more stewards, if people didn’t want to be full committee members, to help with the running of the carnival and other events. Mrs Mantle said: “We are looking for enthusiastic people who enjoy having fun and have a passion for Trowbridge.” Call Mrs Mantle on 07866 698278 or write to her at 40 Bellefield Crescent, Trowbridge, BA 14 8SR.
Sidetracking a bit (again) from the examination of western Maryland’s take on the “impending crisis” of 1861, I figured I’d post something else of interest from the Hagerstown Herald of Freedom and Torch Light. This comes from the February 8, 1860 issue. Nothing scary, just a touching 19th century “spirit story.” I always enjoy finding tales such as this. Regretfully, the type was misaligned in the printing, so I’m missing a few words from the article (indicated by “- – -“). A BEAUTIFUL INCIDENT. – Some months ago, an amiable, beautiful and accomplished lady, the mother of three bright, interesting children, and the wife of a highly esteemed citizen, died suddenly and under peculiar and trying circumstances. – Her death was universally lamented, and her affected family has the deepest sympathies of the whole community. Among her children was a little angelic girl about five years old. A lovely being, scarcely form’d or moulded. A rose with all its sweetest leaves yet folded. The child often seemed to be thinking of her absent mother and frequently spoke of her, but she had not been more thoughtful or melancholy than many other children under similar circumstances. On a pleasant, balmy evening, just after the sun had set, the child with several other members of the family, including the father, were on the – – – of the house, enjoying the pleasant – – – when the child was observed to – – – gazing upwards, with her eyes upon some object, which seemed to – – – she continued in this for several moments when she clapped her hands gleefully, jumped upon the – – – and in an ecstacy of delight, and cried out, “papa, papa! There’s mother, there’s my mother! O! my dear beautiful mother, – do come home and live with us again!” The father with a melting heart spoke gently to the child and attempted to withdraw her attention; and told her that she was mistaken, her mother was not there. Yet the child continued to clap her hands joyfully, for some minutes, and declared it was her mother, she saw her “there, there!, there!” pointing with her finger – “I see her eyes!” All present were struck with amazement and awe, and none doubted that the spiritual little girl had really commuted with her mother. Peninsula News.
DOCOMOMO US is Celebrating 10 years! On October 4th 2008, DOCOMOMO US will invite Americans to go out and experience their modern heritage by joining tours of Modern architecture in over 20 cities. The DOCOMOMO US Modern Architecture Tour Day is part of the organization’s year-long celebration of its 10th anniversary. In the decade since the founding of the US working party, the group has become a recognized name for enthusiasts of Modern architecture who have formed chapters in all regions of the country, with campaigns for the preservation of TWA terminal at Kennedy Airport, Boston’s City Hall, and Seattle’s Monorail among others. The 10th Anniversary and Modern Architecture Tour Day is part of a larger series of events that will take place throughout the year, including lectures and discussions organized around the country to raise awareness about the importance of Modern architecture. We will be updating our website as more information develops so please check back frequently for updates and announcements as we announce the national events that will take place in the coming year. If you have any inquiries or question please email- firstname.lastname@example.org.
Are you struggling to get pregnant? According to the Mayo Clinic, some lifestyle choices can affect your ability to get pregnant. Maintaining a healthy weight can affect your fertility. According to the Mayo Clinic, being overweight or extremely underweight can affect hormone production and inhibit normal ovulation. Practicing safe sex to protect yourself against sexually transmitted infections (STIs) can also increase your chances of becoming pregnant, as STIs such as Chlamydia and gonorrhea can cause infertility. Eating a healthy diet can promote fertility. Keeping up with good nutrition and consuming the prenatal vitamin of folic acid can benefit your fertility chances, according to the Mayo Clinic. Seeing your doctor regularly to ensure you’re in good overall health can also benefit your chances of becoming pregnant. This way your doctor will be able to promptly treat any conditions that might threaten your fertility chances. The Mayo Clinic also recommends managing your stress levels to increase your odds of conception. The Mayo Clinic suggests practicing relaxation techniques when trying to become pregnant.
Over on Channel 9 we just put up a video that Mike Hall shot with the product unit manager of the Portable Media Center team. If you're interested in getting a look at the portable media center, this is the video for you. Shannon Hager: What are the Longhorn evangelists getting paid for? He writes: "Scoble should be earning his pay and telling us why Longhorn still matters, why we should wait, what IS going to be in it." The thing is that I don't have any credibility left when it comes to Longhorn. Over the last 18 months I got out there and lead lots of Longhorn cheers. And now there's a changing of direction. Tons of people, both inside and outside of Microsoft, have been talking with me about where we're going now. I've met in the past week with the Avalon and WinFS teams (yes, they both still exist). The thing is, I am super sensitive right now to making a whole new round of promises. I'd rather wait to talk until there's beta build to hand you. Why? Cause what good does it do to write about the feature set if you can't see it? And if you're a developer, you don't want to hear FUD, you wanna see working APIs. So, I'm gonna be quiet until there's bits to hand you all to discuss. If there's a business need that you have, let's serve that in email privately. Does that make sense? For the next 18 months, where are the business opportunities going to lie? Tablet PC. Bigtime. Windows Media Center. Gonna be a big deal. SmartPhones. Wanna watch how fast the Motorola MPX220 sells when it's released in the next few months? Xbox Live. You only need to say one number and everyone knows exactly the Xbox thing I'm talking about: "2." Visual Studio 2005. Tons of stuff coming there. MSN has a whole raft of things up their sleeves. And we haven't even started talking about BizTalk, Sharepoint, Exchange, SQL Server, 64-bit Windows, SBS, CRM, LiveMeeting, and OneNote, among other things. Ahh, lots of geeks are getting into the latest Star Wars stuff. My office neighbor, David Weller, is no different. He bought all the latest StarWars DVDs and the latest video game. He found something particularly satisfying in the latest game. Tom Peters: Idiots! Ahh, it's nice to see that Tom has put up an RSS feed. Seeing customers in pain bums me out. Here's one that I found on Tim Bray's blog. "The lesson to be learned is an obious one, Microsoft sucks and CDW can make the impossible happen," David wrote on his blog. I can't fix what's been broken, but I'm here for you in case you give us another chance at your business. By the way, when I worked at NEC I dealt a LOT with CDW and wow, are they great. They had the best IT infrastructure of any of the distributors I dealt with and their people were always nice nice nice. That sure goes a long way. Yeah, I take it personally when a customer isn't happy with us. Why? Cause it doesn't take too many customers to fire us before we're all out on the street. Zef Hamel: Why Microsoft Can't Hire Great Programmers. "As Apple obviously has less employees than Microsoft, how is it possible that Apple with less workforce does stuff faster?" I have a lot to say on this topic, but I'm going to hold back a bit. I wanna see what kinds of interesting ideas bubble up from Zef's thesis. One thing is that I totally disagree that a non-programmer can't recognize great programming talent. I'm not a programmer. But I recognize Bram Cohen of Bittorrent as a great programmer. Why? Cause of what he wrote. I recognize that Chris Uhlik over at Google is a great programmer. Why? Cause of what he wrote. I recognize Brent Simmons of NetNewsWire as a great programmer. Why? Cause of what he wrote. I recognize Stewart Butterfield of Flickr as a great programmer. Why? Cause of what he wrote. Dave Winer. Cause of what he wrote. Hint: there are lots of great programmers at Microsoft too. Come over to the Tablet PC team. The Media Center team. Or visit Chris Pratley of the OneNote team. Or step on over and meet the Visual Studio team. Heck, and we won't even bring up the wild stuff that's going on in the research department. Oh, and did you see that we hired the guy who invented the Wiki? The guy who invented Tetris? Have you looked at the code on Xbox Live? How can you say that great programmers aren't coming to work here? As to why is Apple faster? How many boxes does Apple have to test? Now, how many permutations does Microsoft have to test? The problem sets are completely different. Speaking of great programmers, have you seen the work that the automotive group has done? How can you say that isn't the work of a great set of programmers? Yes, we're hiring. In all sorts of interesting projects. Are you interested in the venture capital scene? The San Jose Mercury News today had an article about VC bloggers. Ross Mayfield has the details and a nice list of them on his blog today. Niall Kennedy lists out a whole bunch of things happening in the San Francisco area this weekend. Just looking over the 140 items I uploaded to my link blog tonight and several people praised Brent Simmons' latest release of NetNewsWire. Here's Ted Leung's report. This is a Macintosh-based RSS News Aggregator.
Finding Patriot material in this Senior circuit Preparations for the April 28-30 NFL draft kicked into high gear with the week of practice at the Senior Bowl in Mobile, Ala. The game was a mere formality. What really counts is what happens during the first three days of practice. What follows is a list of the top players at each position who could fit with what the Patriots like to do on either side of the ball. Think of this as the Patriots’ All-Senior Bowl team. Quarterback Colin Kaepernick, Nevada (6-4 1/2, 225): The Patriots obviously don’t need any immediate help here, and Brian Hoyer has shown enough promise to keep developing him, but Kaepernick was by far the best quarterback of the week. Very accurate. Needs to improve on the deep ball a bit, but there’s time for that. The Vikings and Dolphins seemed very interested in him, and they should be. Running back Roy Helu Jr., Nebraska (5-11 1/2, 216): The Patriots could use another every-down running back if Fred Taylor retires as expected, and Helu was the most complete back in Mobile. Has a good burst and ran away from defenders. Also was very sound in his blocking and showed good hands out of the backfield. Honorable mention: Kendall Hunter, Oklahoma State (5-7 1/2, 199). If the Patriots need another Danny Woodhead, this is their guy, and Hunter is much better at blitz pickup. Fullback Owen Marecic, Stanford (6- 1/2, 246): The Patriots haven’t had much use for a traditional fullback since Heath Evans left town, and the selection isn’t great. Marecic was the most well-rounded fullback at the Senior Bowl and did everything above average. Good feet. Tight end Luke Stocker, Tennessee (6-5, 255): This position certainly isn’t high on the Patriots’ list of needs after the drafting of Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez last year. When it comes time to replace Alge Crumpler, a gifted blocker such as Stocker would fit the bill. An adequate receiver who needs to work on agility drills. Wide receiver Titus Young, Boise State (5-11 1/2, 174): This is where the Patriots’ needs start — with a big-play deep threat, and Young is that. For most of the week, he was the most explosive receiver on either team and easily got separation. Reminiscent of the Eagles’ DeSean Jackson — even with his questionable attitude. Hands were a little uneven, but he had a good week. Niles Paul, Nebraska (6-1, 225): A strong and physical receiver in the Larry Fitzgerald mold, but will he run a 4.48 like the Cardinals star? Paul is versatile. Can win the battle on the outside but also in traffic. Honorable mention: Vincent Brown, San Diego State (5-11, 184): Sneaky-fast and able to put his foot in the ground and cut without losing any speed. May not time well but he knows how to play. Left offensive tackle Derek Sherrod, Mississippi State (6-5 1/2, 312): Was a bit inconsistent during the week but the skills are there, along with 35-inch arms. Had some memorable battles against Texas A&M speed rusher Von Miller and was not outclassed. Honorable mention: James Carpenter, Alabama (6-4, 313). Might be the most game-ready of the group because he’s fundamentally sound for this level. Left offensive guard Danny Watkins, Baylor (6-3 1/2, 312): Probably the best interior lineman in Mobile. Holds his own against bigger and more physical linemen. Shows a nasty disposition on the field and displays explosion when he needs it. Really interesting prospect because he’s 26, having gone the firefighter route in his native Canada before being discovered. Center Kristofer O’Dowd, Southern Cal (6-4 1/2, 303): Not a great year for centers, and O’Dowd was decent. Needs to hold up better but showed good hand work. Could flourish under the right coach, such as Patriots offensive line guru Dante Scarnecchia. Right offensive guard John Moffitt, Wisconsin (6-4, 314): Displayed some nastiness and loves to compete. Not great in space or as an athlete, so in the Patriots’ system, he’d have to be on the right side. They like guards that can pull on the other side. Honorable mention: Steve Schilling, Michigan (6-4 1/2, 302). Had his struggles, but the potential is there. Right offensive tackle Anthony Costanzo, Boston College (6-7, 305): Had his struggles when moved to guard, but was very consistent at tackle and probably could play either side in the NFL. Scouts remarked on his improved footwork since the Eagles’ season concluded. Honorable mention: Gabe Carimi, Wisconsin (6-7, 315). Excelled in the run game, as most Badgers linemen do. Also looked uncomfortable at guard. Wisconsin linemen usually don’t get appreciably better in the pros. They’re solid from the start. Honorable mention: Nate Solder, Colorado (6-8 1/2, 314). Bends well for a tall player and has solid tools. Needs to add strength. Right defensive end Christian Ballard, Iowa (6-4, 288): Might be a bit of a stretch for him to play end in the 3-4. More of a one-gap player than two-gap, which the Patriots use. But Ballard is a very good pass rusher and was tough to handle for any of the linemen he went against. Nose tackle Phil Taylor, Baylor (6-3 1/2, 337): Showed the ability to stand up against double teams and also to split them to apply pressure on the quarterback. Type of guy who could spell Vince Wilfork but also rush the quarterback in sub packages. Left defensive end Jarvis Jenkins, Clemson (6-4, 309): Showed good burst and pass-rush moves but had a tough time finishing plays. Always hustling and seemed to take coaching well. Outside linebacker Von Miller, Texas A&M (6-2 1/2, 237): Wouldn’t appear to be a fit for a team such as New England that prefers bigger outside linebackers, but he’s an unbelievable athlete and pass rusher who was also good at dropping into coverage. Can carry more weight effectively, and the success of a Clay Matthews shows there’s a place for a player like Miller in any 3-4. Cameron Jordan, Cal (6-4, 287): Had a terrific week and showed off great athleticism and versatility that will endear him to both 4-3 and 3-4 teams. Several scouts mentioned Adalius Thomas as a comparison. Has a great attitude and would make a top-notch 3-4 outside linebacker who can rush, hold the point, and cover. Honorable mention: Brooks Reed, Arizona (6-2 1/2, 257). Was an end in college but looked natural standing up. Very solid at the point and showed a good burst in pass rush. Honorable mention: Ryan Kerrigan, Purdue (6-4, 255). Jury is still out on whether he can make the transition to standing up. Also had trouble disengaging from blocks. Inside linebacker Kelvin Sheppard, LSU (6-2, 250): Plays bigger than his size against the run and can also cover. Not the ideal size but a tough player who will be in the league a while. Mark Herzlich, Boston College (6-3 1/2, 250): Did not show much of the pass rush scouts were looking for but has a future inside if he’s not asked to cover man-to-man. Teams have a lot of concerns about his cancer battle and the two rods he has in his leg. Herzlich will have a long day of medicals at the combine but he has shown the character and determination to battle through anything. Cornerback Rashad Carmichael, Virginia Tech (5-10, 185): Did not look good in drills but seemed to always be on point in scrimmages. Battled an ankle injury during the week. Not a first-round talent but could be developed. Kendric Burney, North Carolina (5-9, 181): Shows great footwork and quickness, and can flip his hips naturally in coverage. Doesn’t appear to make a lot of plays, so that will have to be developed. Free safety Quinton Carter, Oklahoma (6- 1/2, 211): Earned a spot off his performance in the East-West Shrine Game, so scouts like what they’ve seen. Tends to play a bit high but he’s physical. How he times at the combine will be important. Strong safety DeAndre McDaniel, Clemson (6-0, 213): Showed good instincts coming up in support and can take on tight ends in coverage. Would make an immediate impact on special teams. Honorable mention: Ahmad Black, Florida (5-9 1/2, 183). Lack of size will cause him to slide down the draft, but Black is just a good football player who will find a way to stick. We all know how Bill Belichick loves former Gators. The rating game Pro Football Weekly published its “Super 50’’ rankings last week, and there were some interesting results. Coaches and evaluators from around the NFL gave their input, and players were ranked using performance and value to team as the criteria. The Patriots had two players appear in the rankings. Quarterback Tom Brady took the top spot, and inside linebacker Jerod Mayo came in at No. 49. Receiver Wes Welker and nose tackle Vince Wilfork were among the 25 players in the honorable mention category. In the AFC East, the Jets also placed two players in the top 50 (cornerback Darrelle Revis at 13 and center Nick Mangold at 48), as did the Dolphins (linebacker Cameron Wake at 45 and tackle Jake Long at 46). Jets tackle D’Brickashaw Ferguson was an honorable mention. The Bills had no players listed. Across the NFL, the Packers and Ravens each placed five players. Aaron Rodgers (second) and Terrell Suggs (22d) were the highest-rated players from Green Bay and Baltimore, respectively. The Colts, Steelers, Bears, Falcons, and Chiefs each had three players. Cassel (47) was the only former Patriot to make the list. Samuel was an honorable mention. Short yardage There are reports out of Philadelphia and Wisconsin that the Eagles favor Packers safeties coach Darren Perry as their next defensive coordinator. But that doesn’t make complete sense. Perry, while an excellent coach and certainly ready to be a coordinator, doesn’t have any ties to the Eagles. He has coached almost exclusively in the 3-4 under Dick LeBeau (Pittsburgh) and Dom Capers (Green Bay). Eagles coach Andy Reid has said the team is sticking with a 4-3, and his hiring of defensive line coach Jim Washburn from the Titans certainly backs that up. That being said, Reid hasn’t always lived up to his word (see: Donovan McNabb, Sean McDermott, Kevin Kolb). If the Eagles are waiting for a Packers assistant, the best fit may be defensive line coach Mike Trgovac, who coordinated a 4-3 defense for the Panthers. Trgovac also coached the Eagles’ line from 1995-98 . . . It has taken until the fifth year of Mike McCarthy’s tenure as Packers coach for any of his assistants to generate interest on the coordinator front. Interesting that it is coming from a defensive staff that is only in its second year together, and not the offense, which is McCarthy’s specialty. All of McCarthy’s offensive assistants have been with the team since at least ’06. Only quarterbacks coach Tom Clements has had an interview requested. It was denied because it came from the rival Bears last year . . . Steelers rookie receiver Antonio Brown, who has made a couple of Pittsburgh’s biggest receptions during the playoffs, is the son of Arena Football League legend Eddie “Touchdown’’ Brown, now head coach at Wyandotte High School in Kansas City, Kan. The elder Brown was a two-time league MVP and retired with a league-record 303 touchdowns, including nine in one game. Brown was chosen as the league’s No. 1 all-time player when the AFL celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2006. View from the outside From Aaron Schatz of Boston-based FootballOutsiders.com: Green Bay averaged 10.9 yards this year when using play-action. No other team averaged more than 10 yards. Denver was second at 9.6 yards per play. The Patriots ranked eighth at 8.7. Green Bay’s Super Bowl opponent, Pittsburgh, was 10th at 8.5. The league average was 7.5 yards, compared with 6.3 on all pass plays (including scrambles). Greg A. Bedard can be reached at email@example.com. Follow him on Twitter @greg_a_bedard. Material from interviews, wire services, other beat writers, and league and team sources was used in this report.
He wants a rematch Go ahead and knock yourself out dissecting and analyzing Sunday’s conference championship games. Ravens vs. Patriots, followed by Giants vs. 49ers makes for a Sunday smorgasbord of playoff thrills and tension. Not me. I’ve already moved on. These potentially spectacular title games are merely compulsory exercises; games that must be played in order for us to get to the game that everybody is really thinking about. Super Bowl XLVI. At Lucas Oil (Can Boyd) Stadium in downtown Indianapolis. New England Patriots vs. New York Giants. It’s the Revenge of the Hoodie. It’s the Game That Must Not Be Named. It’s the ’04 Red Sox getting another shot at the Yankees after Grady Little forgot to lift Pedro Martinez in 2003. It’s the matchup that’s in the back of your mind, even if you are too superstitious to admit it. Such thinking is folly, of course. In sports, especially in the NFL playoffs, it’s a mistake to look past the opponent standing in front of you. Here in New England, we’re well aware that the Baltimore Ravens are formidable. They have Ray Lewis and Ed Reed. They have the guy from “The Blind Side’’ (Michael Oher) and the guy from ESPN’s 30 for 30 (Ricky Williams). They used to be the Cleveland Browns, which means they once fired Bill Belichick. They run the ball, and they pressure your quarterback. They went 12-4 during the regular season, which means the Patriots finally have a chance to beat a team with a winning record. The Giants are no lock to advance, either. They are underdogs playing on the road. The 49ers are ferocious. San Francisco withstood a couple of furious rallies by the New Orleans Saints and prevailed in one of the great divisional playoff games in NFL history. I don’t care. The Patriots have to beat the Ravens. The Giants have to beat the 49ers. It’s destiny. Four years after history was derailed in the Arizona desert, the Patriots are going to get another shot. Belichick and Tom Brady finally will have a chance for that elusive fourth ring and they get to do it against the same coach and quarterback who broke New England’s heart in February of 2008. There aren’t that many coaches or players still on board from 2007-08, but the top dogs are still in place. Brady and Eli Manning are still the respective quarterbacks. Belichick and Tom Coughlin are still calling shots on the sideline. The Krafts and Maras are still in the owner’s boxes. Vince Wilfork, Wes Welker, Stephen Gostkowski, Matt Light, Brandon Jacobs, Justin Tuck, and Osi Umenyiora are among those who can tell stories of Super Bowl XLII. The logos on the sides of the helmets are the same. And fans in Boston and New York haven’t switched allegiances. It would be Tom and Eli in the House of Peyton. It would be a chance for Brady to win as many Super Bowls as Joe Montana and Terry Bradshaw. It would be a chance for Eli to win one more then Peyton. Belichick and Coughlin - the two oldest coaches in the NFL - could share laughs about their days working for Bill Parcells. Belichick and Coughlin each have a ring from the 1990 Giants. They were beneficiaries of the Scott Norwood “wide right’’ game. Most recently, the Patriots and Giants played one another at Gillette in the first week of November. It’s the last time the Patriots lost. The conclusion of the game was remarkably similar to the end of Super Bowl XLII. The Patriots scored a late touchdown to take a 3-point lead, but Manning moved the Giants 80 yards in 1:21, winning the game on a touchdown pass to Jake Ballard. Like David Tyree in the desert, Ballard also made a spectacular catch over the middle on a third-down play to keep the drive alive. Coughlin was asked if he had any Super Bowl flashes after that game and said, “No, not really. This is a whole new game. Just trying to be in the moment against a really good team and didn’t have a lot of time to think about that kind of stuff.’’ We’ll get a lot of measured response if this dream matchup is realized. No team shifts into obtuse overdrive like the Patriots. They keep their eyes straight forward and deny all the juicy peripheral issues. On his contractually-obligated radio appearance yesterday, Brady said, “It’s nothing about 10 years ago. It’s about this week.’’ Then he said, “The clock’s ticking.’’ Amen . . . as Tim Tebow would say. The clock is indeed ticking. Opportunities such as this don’t come along very often. The Patriots have a chance to get back to the Super Bowl. They have a chance to win the championship they should have won back in the year that Rob Gronkowski was a freshman at Arizona. And they have a chance to do it against the same guys who spoiled all the fun four years ago. Dan Shaughnessy is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at firstname.lastname@example.org.
How you can avoid costly Home Equity penalties and fees There are a few things to check for when evaluating your HELOC offer. Many details are often overlooked because people just don’t think about them. Glossing over the details can cost you money and restrict your future options. Use this checklist when evaluating your HELOC. - Minimum draw - The minimum amount you can withdraw for your HELOC. What to look for: Try to get this waived. This amount varies from HELOC to HELOC, but you don’t want to be forced take out more than you need. If you cannot get this waived, make sure the minimum amount is not - Lender fees - The fees that the lender receives when the HELOC closes. What to look for: Don’t settle for a HELOC that makes you pay this. There are enough lenders out there that you can find a HELOC that doesn’t charge you this fee. - Introductory rate - The introductory or teaser interest rate before your HELOC adjusts. What to look for: You can use the low introductory rate to pay off debt on your HELOC. However, you probably won’t pay off all your debt at the introductory rate, so don’t be choose a HELOC based solely on the - Introductory period - The introductory period before your HELOC adjusts. What to look for: The more debt you can repay within the introductory period the better. However, you probably won’t pay off all your debt within the introductory period, so don’t choose a HELOC based solely on the - Variable APR - The interest rate at which you repay your HELOC. What to look for: Make sure this is at or near the prime rate. Most HELOCs can offer rates near prime, so don’t accept a rate that will cost you more each month. - The points added onto your variable rate. The margin plus the prime rate equals your What to look for: Most HELOCs will have a margin so shop around and try to find a HELOC with a reasonable margin. - Interest-only option - The option to pay interest only. What to look for: This can be a nice option if you find yourself in an emergency. You should plan to pay both principal and interest, but having the option of only paying interest may come in handy. - Required balance - A revolving balance that you are required to keep. What to look for: If the HELOC you are looking at has a required balance, look somewhere else. There’s no reason you should need to keep a balance and there are plenty of other HELOCs that don’t require this. - Cancellation fee - A fee charged when you cancel your HELOC. What to look for: If you refinance or sell your home, you don’t want to have an additional cost of a cancellation fee. Ask to have this removed or look for a HELOC that doesn’t charge you to cancel. - Annual fee - A yearly fee for your HELOC. What to look for: You should be able to find a HELOC that doesn’t charge you just to have it. Ask to have this removed or shop for one that doesn’t have an annual fee. - Periodic caps - The maximum amount of percentage points your HELOC can rise during each adjustment. What to look for: These are nice to have as they provide some protection against soaring interest rates. Try to get a reasonable periodic cap for your HELOC. - Lifetime caps - The maximum interest rate you will ever pay for your HELOC. What to look for: This provides some safety against soaring interest rates. Try to get a reasonable lifetime cap for your HELOC. - Inactivity fee - A fee associated with non-usage. What to look for: You shouldn’t be penalized for using your credit as needed. Try to get this removed or find another HELOC.
Truth about jobs If anyone had doubts about the madness that has spread through a large part of the American political spectrum, the reaction to Friday’s better-than expected report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics should have settled the issue. For the immediate response of many on the right — and we’re not just talking fringe figures — was to cry conspiracy. Leading the charge of what were quickly dubbed the “BLS truthers” was none other than Jack Welch, the former chairman of General Electric, who posted an assertion on Twitter that the books had been cooked to help President Barack Obama’s re-election campaign. His claim was quickly picked up by right-wing pundits and media personalities. It was nonsense, of course. Job numbers are prepared by professional civil servants, at an agency that currently has no political appointees. But then maybe Welch — under whose leadership GE reported remarkably smooth earnings growth, with none of the short-term fluctuations you might have expected (fluctuations that reappeared under his successor) — doesn’t know how hard it would be to cook the jobs data. Furthermore, the methods the bureau uses are public — and anyone familiar with the data understands that they are “noisy,” that especially good (or bad) months will be reported now and then as a simple consequence of statistical randomness. And that in turn means that you shouldn’t put much weight on any one month’s report. In that case, however, what is the somewhat longer-term trend? Is the U.S. employment picture getting better? Yes, it is. Some background: The monthly employment report is based on two surveys. One asks a random sample of employers how many people are on their payroll. The other asks a random sample of households whether their members are working or looking for work. And if you look at the trend over the past year or so, both surveys suggest a labor market that is gradually on the mend, with job creation consistently exceeding growth in the working-age population. On the employer side, the current numbers say that over the past year the economy added 150,000 jobs a month, and revisions will probably push that number up significantly. That’s well above the 90,000 or so added jobs per month that we need to keep up with population. (This number used to be higher, but underlying workforce growth has dropped off sharply now that many baby boomers are reaching retirement age.) Meanwhile, the household survey produces estimates of both the number of Americans employed and the number unemployed, defined as people who are seeking work but don’t currently have a job. The eye-popping number from Friday’s report was a sudden drop in the unemployment rate to 7.8 percent from 8.1 percent, but as I said, you shouldn’t put too much emphasis on one month’s number. The more important point is that unemployment has been on a sustained downward trend. But isn’t that just because people have given up looking for work, and hence no longer count as unemployed? Actually, no. It’s true that the employment-population ratio — the percentage of adults with jobs — has been more or less flat for the past year. But remember those aging baby boomers: The fraction of American adults who are in their prime working years is falling fast. Once you take the effects of an aging population into account, the numbers show a substantial improvement in the employment picture since the summer of 2011. None of this should be taken to imply that the situation is good, or to deny that we should be doing better — a shortfall largely due to the scorched-earth tactics of Republicans, who have blocked any and all efforts to accelerate the pace of recovery. (If the American Jobs Act, proposed by the Obama administration last year, had been passed, the unemployment rate would probably be below 7 percent.) The U.S. economy is still far short of where it should be, and the job market has a long way to go before it makes up the ground lost in the Great Recession. But the employment data do suggest an economy that is slowly healing, an economy in which declining consumer debt burdens and a housing revival have finally put us on the road back to full employment. And that’s the truth that the right can’t handle. The furor over Friday’s report revealed a political movement that is rooting for American failure, so obsessed with taking down Obama that good news for the nation’s long-suffering workers drives its members into a blind rage. It also revealed a movement that lives in an intellectual bubble, dealing with uncomfortable reality — whether that reality involves polls or economic data — not just by denying the facts, but by spinning wild conspiracy theories. It is, quite simply, frightening to think that a movement this deranged wields so much political power. Paul Krugman is a columnist for The New York Times.
Every six hours DA will bring you the finest in question-askery, from now until the end of Blizzcon! All polls open until the end of Blizzcon. It’s Friday, folks, and you know what that means- today might be the day we learn about the new expansion! Sure, some of us might be watching it crouched around our monitors as we scream in agony when the feed stutters, or similarly engaged as PPV makes or breaks the first-to-know status of our hearts- but no matter! The important thing is, today’s the day that it’s a possibility. As we await what we can only hope is the witching hour of expansion announcements, I’d like us all to cast our eyes backwards and ask ourselves the question that dare speak its name: Which expansion- up until this afternoon’s reveal, we can but hope- was the best? Please don’t get blood on the carpets.
I almost forgot to write this race recap today – making me realize how “everyday” a 5k has become. Which is incredible, considering my humble beginnings and starting up, when a 5k was the ULTIMATE, the PINNACLE, the longest race I could ever imagine doing. And now I can just decide a day or two before, “Think I’ll do a 5k this weekend!” Today’s race was very familiar and comforting in many ways – it was the perimeter of Lake Merritt, which I’ve run on dozens, maybe a hundred times. So I know the course like my own hand. And the race itself was organized by Team in Training folks as their way of fundraising for the cause – so it was also like a giant family reunion of hundreds of TNT people. I got to see friends from my prior triathlon team, and my hike team coach, and some of the running coaches that I know by sight. It was cozy and fun. The race itself? Well it was all informal like, with people saying “line up by that sign over there” and then an airhorn went off, and boom! As ususal, I started out way too fast and pooped out very quickly. All that adrenaline! My Runkeeper told me that I was running about an 11 minute mile after 5 minutes. That is nowhere NEAR what I’ve been averaging lately, so I knew it was a bit much for me. Sure enough my feet started cramping up and my calf was also super tight so after about 10 minutes I was in full hobble mode and had to stop and do a good stretch. I ended up running with a bunch of my teammates that I usually run with, and it was all friendly like for most of the race. We kept passing each other back and forth and it just felt… comfortable. Some of our teammates totally rocked it – Coach Nick won 2nd place in the 30-39 division and Lily and Holly loved it so much they doubled it up for a 10k! The race was fun because they also had a “Canine Division” (so many happy dogs running!) and a “Stroller Division.” The winning kids and dogs even got prizes. It was all huge fun. Timewise, it turned out to be pretty much the slowest 5k race I’ve ever done. But you know what? I didn’t care. I felt happy to be out there on this beautiful day with a great group of people, and it was all good.
Congratulations are in order to Senators Susan Collins (R-Maine) and John Thune (R-S.D.), who were honored with the American Agri-Women (AAW) 2013 Champion of Agriculture award in Washington, D.C., this week. AAW says it is honoring Collins for her "record of integrity, unsurpassed work ethic, and a steadfast commitment to the people of Maine … in addition to being a champion for women, she is a leader on agriculture issues." Collins is a senior member of the Senate Agriculture Appropriations subcommittee, where she led a successful effort to prevent USDA from limiting certain healthy vegetables such as the white potato, in the National School Lunch program and eliminating them outright from the school breakfast program. She is also recognized for her efforts to maintain areas such as integrated pest management, research of new potato varieties – an important Main agricultural crop – and cooperative Extension. Most recently, Collins led an effort to include a provision in the farm bill that would require an examination of dairy price structure in the U.S. This was strongly backed by her constituent Maine dairy farmers and others. She is an advocate for competitive research program that focus on improving crop management practices and IPM practices for both native and invasive pests that would minimize pesticide use. AAW recognizes Thune as a "strong advocate for issues that are vital to American food security and for sustaining our farming communities." Thune has led actions that target a sensible school lunch program, property right protection transparent spending policies and the repeal of the death tax. "Senator Thune has provided leadership and direction for agriculture in Washington, D.C.," says AASW president Karen Yost. "Because there are so few in Washington who have a firsthand knowledge of the industry that they regulate, it is imperative that those who know and understand the rural community be active evangelists for our lifestyle. Senator Thune has made a courageous effort to lead positive conversations for families in agriculture." Past winners of the Champion of Agriculture award have included Rep. Collin Peterson (D-Minn.), Sen. James Inhoffe (R-Okla.), Rep. Dennis Cardoza (D-Calif.), Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) and Rep. Cynthia Lummis (R-Wyo.).
JOHN YOSHIO NAKA IN CELEBRATION OF A GRAND MASTER'S LIFE HE TAUGHT US. HE TAUGHT OUR TEACHERS. It has been estimated that in all the international world of bonsai, John Y. Naka was easily considered among the top five contemporary greatest masters, the grand masters of the art. The following is a partial and beginning but representative run-through of this great teacher's life. This Page Last Updated: December 15, 2014 Born on August 16, 1914 in the farming community of [Ft.] Lupton, Colorado (northeast of Denver), John Yoshio Naka was the third child of Kakichi and Yukino Naka. John's father had left his wife and first two children in Japan in 1903 to come to America to find his fortune. A few years later, John's mother came to Colorado to join her husband with his son. The daughter stayed in Japan with the grandparents. John's mother was one of the first women to come to here from Japan, so her small child -- John, eighteen years younger than his brother -- was a novelty to his father's friends, who all pampered him. In November, 1922, when he was eight, John's family moved to Japan. (John's oldest brother Sadao stayed behind in Colorado to continue farming.) His father, an only son, went back to the ancestral home in Kurume on Kyushu island to care for his elderly father, Sadehei, when John's paternal grandmother died. John and his grandfather formed a close relationship -- John's father serving as a translator for the first year or so -- and Sadahei encouraged the John's dynamic zest for life. Sadehei-san taught him bonsai as well as a repertoire of Japanese proverbs. These were part of the philosophies which John heard also on long walks in the woods with his grandfather. One day these proverbs would continue to roll off of John's quick tongue. Being just a boy, John initially could only watch the old man trim and shape the trees. Then he was only allowed to do such things as watering and pulling weeds until he was older. John grew very close to his grandfather, and through him learned to train and love bonsai. John's artistic abilities had not gone unnoticed. He was invited to study landscape design. It was then that he learned the basics of the relationship of trees, stones and space. When he had nearly completed his formal education in 1935, John received notice that he had been accepted into one of Japan's most prestigious art schools. However, his father had heard rumors of an impending war and feared for his son who was now of warrior's age. The family members met and decided that John should return to Colorado. All the other Nakas would spend the rest of their years on the family farm in Kurume (less than sixty miles northeast of Nagasaki). At age 21, John returned to Colorado to live with his brother, Sadao, and established a truck farm near Boulder. There in the spring time he met the young daughter of his brother's friend, Alice Toshiko Mizunaga. John and Alice married by the end of 1936 in Brighton, CO and went on to raise three sons: Eugene, Robert, and Richard. On snowy days John would sit in front of a large window sketching trees, especially those with large trunks. After several years of fighting late springs and early frosts plus hail storms during the summer, the Nakas decided that they had had enough of farming. The family moved to Los Angeles, California in late 1946, where John did landscaping with a special emphasis on Japanese gardens. His business grew, and he would continue this until 1968. In 1947 he met Sam (Tameichi) Doi, one of the early knowledgeable bonsai men in Southern California, after hearing about him at the local barber shop. Their friendship lasted until Doi returned to Japan in 1948. He encouraged John to read books on bonsai techniques and even gave him several volumes. John sought out additional works and subscribed to the Japanese-language magazine Bonsai which was edited and published by Norio Kobayashi. The reference work John preferred over all others was the 1934 Bonsai Geijyutsu (The Fine Art of Bonsai) written by Sawada Ushimaro. John began serious bonsai creation, memories of his days with his grandfather having not faded. John Naka's Montezuma CypressIn 1948 John created a three-foot tall informal upright Blue atlas cedar ( Cedrus atlantica 'Glauca') bonsai. 1 (International Bonsai, 1988/No. 4, pg. 26) In November of 1950, the Southern California Bonsai Club was officially formed by John Naka and four friends, Fusaji ("Frank") B. Nagata, Morihei Furuya, Mrs. Ai Okumura, and Joseph Yamashiro, to bring bonsai within the reach of everyone. The first three had been introduced to John by the aforementioned Mr. Doi, who worked for Mrs. Okumura and took care of her bonsai collection. (Doi had become teacher to Nagata and Furuya before WWII. The three of them happened to be assigned to the same relocation camp in 1942 -- near Granada in eastern Colorado, Amache was the smallest camp with only an 8,000 person capacity. While there, they managed to put on a makeshift bonsai exhibit for their fellow internees. After the war they returned to Los Angeles.) Mr. Yamashiro had met the Nakas in Colorado during the war and they were distant acquaintances. It just so happened that the Yamashiros later moved next door to the Nakas in California. On Sundays the two families would regularly get together. While the poet and philosopher Joseph Yamashiro and John worked on miniature trees in the yard, Alice Naka and Hanna Yamashiro pursued their own interests. The five students of bonsai became close, spending all their time talking about and working with bonsai. Now, Mssrs. Nagata, Furuya, and Naka decided to show their trees at the November 1950 San Gabriel Valley Fall Flower and Garden Show at the Fannie E. Morrison Horticulture Center in Pasadena. When they arrived they were informed that individuals could not display unless they were sponsored by a club. Without a moment's hesitation, the quick thinking Frank Nagata spoke up and said they were a club. And what was the name of the club? Again, without hesitation or benefit of conference: The Southern California Bonsai Club. They were now allowed to enter their trees, which did win a trophy and a blue ribbon at the Show the next day. Founders of The Southern California Bonsai Club (later the California Bonsai Society, Inc.) (Bonsai in California, #1, 1967) A demonstration was also given then by the group's youngest member, John. His inaugural exhibit of trees was the first time many Americans had the opportunity to see bonsai after the war. Within two years John would be teaching, first his immediate friends, and then others By the way, John and his friends decided to make an honest man of Frank, and they founded the organization that Frank had named, in Mrs. Okumura's backyard. In training by John from this year was a 30" tall silvery blue Atlas cedar ( Cedrus atlantica var. glauca). 3 -11, 1951 the club won another first prize, this time at the California International Flower Show at Hollywood Park in Inglewood. And the following month the club won a special award in the Southern California Spring Flower and Garden Show, again in Pasadena. His son Robert's science teachers, Ronald Mark and Francis "Jerry" Hill, were brought home to show them John's collection of bonsai. So impressed with the trees were they that they invited John to accompany them on a Saturday morning excursion into the desert mountains in southern California. This was in 1952. Off they went, and John saw for the first time these magnificent trees only a few feet tall but gnarled and twisted unlike anything he saw in the local nurseries. That was the beginning of the weekly trek to the "Valley of the Junipers" for the next twenty-five years. Interest in bonsai was climbing, the club was growing, and the exhibits were improving. At the Spring Show the club again won the blue ribbon. Prior to the April 1953 show, the organization which now was made up of more than forty members -- including a few caucasians -- changed its name to the Southern California Bonsai Society. Its listed purpose was the promotion and popularization of the art of bonsai. In addition to the first prize blue ribbon that year the club received a special award and a bronze medal. Again in 1954, the Society won a first award, but this was the final year of the Spring Flower and Garden Show at Brookside Park in Pasadena. During the next three years, the Society did not participate in any shows. The monthly meetings were devoted to the improvement of the bonsai of the now more than hundred members. 3 In 1957 John gave a demonstration on Channel 5 KTLA "Garden Chats" with Joe Littlefield. On April 20, 1958, the Southern California Bonsai Society, hoping to make itself a state-wide organization, was renamed The California Bonsai Society. John would be its president for thirty-two years, except for 1959 and 1960 when co-founder Morihei Furuya helmed the club. The group presented its first annual exhibition of miniature trees at the California Museum of Science and Industry in Exposition Park in Los Angeles. John acted as show chairman for the April 27 - May 4 event which was themed "What is Bonsai?" The exhibit was judged a huge success and scheduled as an annual affair. 4 See also this b&w photo of John from April 26 at the State Museum building, plus "View Resource" for this one and this one from color slides taken on an unspecified day in that year. One of the students he started with this year was Ben Oki. John quickly realized Oki's extraordinary talent and would eventually invite him to assist John at many conventions across the country. A 27" moyogi style wisteria ( Wisteria brachybotrys ) and an eleven-tree raft style elm ( Ulmus sp., eventually 17" tall and 37" wide) began their training with John in 1958. On July 4 he collected an olive tree from an olive ranch in Fontana, CA. 5 John Catlin was the show chairman for "Bonsai -- New and Old" in 1959. Frank Nagata supervised "Early Spring Bonsai" in 1960. By this time the annual show was recognized as the largest exhibit in the United States and that year a congratulatory message was received from the Prime Minister Nobusuke Kishi of Japan. John Naka founded the Seinan (Southwest) Bonsai Club in 1961 (renamed Nanpu Kai in 1964). This club for select teachers only would see many of California's greatest talents over the next few decades. John also presented a lecture/demonstration to the Southern California Gardeners Association this year (and the Japan America Society the next). Earl Donovan chaired the California Bonsai Society show themed "Bonsai -- A Living Art." "Forests and Root-over-rock Plantings" were featured in the 1962 show for which Hunt Lewis was in charge. And that March the Society incorporated as the California Bonsai Society, Inc. (ABS Bonsai Journal, Summer 1985, front cover) In November, another California juniper was collected. At 32" in height, this would be named Ryu (Dragon) because there is a mythical rivalry between a "Tora" and a "Ryu" to see who can strive to obtain something that only one can possess. This year John began to travel to other states, including the East Coast to teach and demonstrate. For the next three years William Hatashita was chairman of the shows: "Preview to Summer" (1963), "The Art of Miniature Trees" (1964) and "Welcoming Spring with Bonsai" (1965). Since John was fluent in Japanese, he began writing to Norio Kobayashi in 1963 and the two exchanged letters and information. This led to an invitation from Kobayashi to John to see the Kokufu-ten Bonsai Exhibition in Ueno Park, Tokyo. This would be John's first visit to Japan since he returned to the U.S. in 1935. In 1965 John and Alice Naka first visited the Kokufu-ten, the ultimate exhibition in the world. At this 39th presentation of the world's finest trees -- which are chosen ahead of time by a panel of judges who see a photograph of each of the perspective entrants -- one of the bonsai was by a blind artist. His beautiful tree had been lovingly shaped by careful touch only, knowing the size and position of each branch, the feel of healthy leaves. John was moved by this pinnacle of interest in his chosen art. John appeared on Channel KNBC "Survey 65" to talk about bonsai with host Bob Wright. 9 The 1966 show, "Nature in Bonsai," was headed by George Yamaguchi. He also helmed the following year's "Bonsai -- Yesterday and Tomorrow." This tenth annual show was extended to two weeks in length and allowed nearly 60,000 spectators to view the display. At what was the first showing of a "new" work by John Naka, Leroy Fujii of the Phoenix Bonsai Society was in attendance. Afterwards Leroy and his brother Tad ran into John at a restaurant, and Leroy congratulated the teacher on Goshin's perfection. John expressed that he was not satisfied yet with it... (During several of the Phoenix club's nearly annual visits to the California Bonsai Society shows and L.A.-area bonsai nurseries, John's private collection was occasionally visited or else a few moments were gotten with the teacher between sessions at the show.) 11
US Open: Laura Robson upbeat about rehab from wrist injury British hope Laura Robson is optimistic a wrist injury will not hamper her chances at next week's US Open. Last Updated: 23/08/13 9:40pm The 19-year-old Londoner made her grand slam breakthrough in New York 12 months ago with wins over Kim Clijsters and Li Na on her way to the fourth round. She also reached the last 16 at Wimbledon this summer, but suffered a wrist injury warming up for her first match in Toronto earlier this month. The diagnosis was a tear in the sheath around the tendon in her right wrist, which forced her out of Toronto and her next two tournaments in Cincinnati and New Haven. Robson's only matches since Wimbledon came at a tournament in Carlsbad last month, where she lost heavily to Petra Kvitova in the second round, but she is encouraged by how the injury has reacted to a cortisone injection. She said: "I hit one backhand and I felt it go. It's never happened to me before like that. It was a bit of a weird one but stuff happens. "We'll see how it is when I play but I'm pretty happy with how my rehab has gone. It's still going to be taped but I'm hoping it will turn out well. "I hit points for the first time two days ago and I was pretty happy. "It's on my non-dominant hand so I've still been able to practise forehands, serves and volleys. I've been on a mini training block in Florida at Bolletieri's (Academy) so it's been fine."
Can problems with video game addiction lead to other gaming addictions? According to a recent study looking at Australian youth, it can. An article on BASIS Online looks at the study, which examined the correlation between video game play over the past year with a screening instrument that looks at pathological gambling markers. Participants in the study, a total of 2,669, were 12-17 years old and pulled from four major metropolitan schools in South Australia. Video game involvement "measures included frequency of play, number of hours played, and type of game played, including: TV games (e.g., Xbox, Nintendo, Playstation); phone-based games; hand-held games (e.g., Nintendo, Gameboy); PC games; and arcade games." Pathological Gambling (PG) was assessed using 12 yes/no questions that looked at past and present behavior. With the answers to these questions allowed researchers to put the student into three groups: Not At Risk, At-Risk and PG. The results of the PG were then correlated with frequency and type of video game play. The results indicated significant associations between various types of video-gaming and gambling-related problems. However, the effect sizes were very small; this suggests that frequent video-game playing accounts for only a small part of the relationship between video game playing and gambling-related problems among adolescents. The inconsistency within the results (e.g., PC games were protective of PG, but hand-held games did not show a difference between no risk and at risk) suggests that other factors might better explain the association between video games and gambling-related problems. Future research should consider exploring additional factors (e.g., social/family influences, personality, beliefs etc.) that extend beyond frequency of playing video games that may explain why some adolescents experience gambling-related problems. The article mentioned several limitations on the study and provides a chart that breaks down gambling groups in relation to frequency of video game play in the past year. Legitimate concern or grasping at straws? I'm honestly not sure.
- The Center for Relationship Enrichment The Center for Relationship Enrichment exists to encourage and enrich relationships through the transforming power of biblically-based principles.The CRE equips people for healthy relationships through biblically-based consulting, education, enrichment, resources, research and assessment. - Winshape Marriage Retreat National Institute of Marriage (NIM) – Winshape Marriage Center in Rome, GAS. Truett Cathy, Founder of Chick-fil-A, and his entire family are committed to this new work to help strengthen marriages and shape families. This particular project is being spearheaded by Bubba & Cindy Cathy, who have reached out to help newlywed couples in their Sunday School class for the past twenty years.This dairy farm on the campus of Berry College has been renovated for use as a small group (30 people / 15 couples) marriage retreat center.WinShape Marriage Retreat is a great partner for NIM and hosts Couples Intensives each month at their facility. - Marriage CoMission The Marriage CoMission partners with individuals and organizations who agree in spirit and principle to the idea that America needs for us to work together. They actively seek ways to integrate their resources and services into the marrige movement, primarily at the city level.The Marriage CoMission believes that the marriage movement should be entrusted to city elders and leaders. When church elders, business leaders, and civic leaders join together and take responsibility for their community, cultural change can happen. The Marriage CoMission seeks to integrate a diversity of resources behind the city elders and leaders. Growthtrac’s mission is to engage and equip married couples, and those preparing for marriage, with products, content and services revealing the transforming power of the Gospel. - First Things First First Things First is a great example of a Community Marriage Initiative. Under the leadership of Executive Director Julie Baumgardner, this organization is dedicated to strengthening families in the Chattanooga area through education, collaboration and mobilization. - Institute for Marriage and Public Policy The Institute for Marriage and Public Policy is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to high quality research and public education on ways that law and public policy can strengthen marriage as a social institution. Working with top scholars, public officials, and community leaders, iMAPP brings the latest research to bear on important policy questions, seeking to promote thoughtful, informed discussion of marriage and family policy at all levels of American government, academia, and civil society. - Save My Marriage Help for married couples who have been hurt by affairs, dishonesty, loss of passion, angry outbursts and other marriage-harming issues. Our seminar are conducted by liscensed therapists who are strong in their Christian faith - Marriage and Family Dynamics Institute Trains church leaders, counselors and lay couples to lead marriage-enrichment classes in addition to providing seminar, books and articles to strengthen marriage and family relationships. Our sponsored links are briefly reviewed to ensure they are not in an obvious direct contradiction to the beliefs and convictions of the National Institute of Marriage, but the primary objective of these links are for The Institute promotion. The Institute does not in any way endorse the products of services offered by the following website. For the Links of the ministries and services we fully endorse visit our Ministry Partner Page. If you find a site that you feel does not reflect the beliefs and convictions of The Institute please inform us. - Crosswalk Directory Featuring over 18,000 wholesome, family friendly websites - The Animated Kids Bible Your kids will delight in the timeless tales of courage, faith & endurance with characters like Adam & Eve, Noah, Moses, Abraham, Jesus of Nazareth, and the Apostles. Our truly unique DVD’s bring biblical stories and characters to life. - Jesus ministry in the gospels Jesus ministry gives us insight of how the gospels fit together with the old testament as one book,including audio sermons and translation. - Guardian Angel Store The Best Christian Gifts and Books – We’re here for the Promotion of Christian Education! - Everyday Christian Prayers Daily Christian prayers for all occasions and other related Christian articles such as Christian music, Christian lyrics, hymns, etc - The School of Prayer and Revival The School of Prayer and Revival, offering training courses for distance learning. Instead of Bible school which may be costly, why not join Warrior House and become a trained intercessor and a carrier of God’s Anointing. You will never be the same - Christian Clothing Store Apparel, T-shirts, Coolest Christian clothing and apparel, t-shirts, hoodies, hats, music, jewelry for guys, girls, and kids Web Search where you can vote for this site & other great ones. Christian search engine, directory & voting index. You’ll find Bible, chat, churches, jobs, music, reviews, software, theology, & more. See the best sites! Website and community for dads with advice for fathers on parenting, pregnancy care, adoption, childcare, raising kids, and understanding teens.
Leading the field by two overnight, Mina eased to 15 under for the tournament, four shots ahead of Korean Lim Hyun-seok (66), with Canadian Ryan Yip (69) and American John Young Kim (70) two strokes further adrift. Nearly 200 players signed up for the final stages of 2013 Q-School, with 10 spots up for grabs in California and 14 at Sutera Harbour Golf Club in Kota Kinabalu from February 5 - 8. The aim for the California leg was to attract the Asia-Pacific players who base themselves on the U.S. west coast for college or training during winter, and also young professionals from north America with roots across the Pacific. Mina, 25, who hails from California but has family in the Philippines, turned professional only last year after finishing studies at Berkeley. Compact and measured, he has a clear path mapped out for his future and refuses to be distracted along the way. "I'm really pleased with the way I played today, but it is a four-day tournament and there is a lot to play for," said Mina. A win in Los Angeles or Malaysia next week is rewarded by a start in all OneAsia's world-ranked million-dollar tournaments -- including the national Open championships of Australia, China, Korea and Thailand -- but Mina wouldn't mind having to rethink his plans. "It would be a great accomplishment," he said. "When a tournament is said and done, and you've done well, you've got to congratulate yourself." Second placed Lim, born in Korea but brought up in southern California, said he probably wouldn't have entered Q-School had a leg not also been held in Los Angeles as he couldn't justify the travel. "Having the tournament here was a big advantage for me as I'm not sure I could have gone to Malaysia. However, now I really want to do well tomorrow. This is a big opportunity for me," he said. "It would be a really big thing if I could get to play on OneAsia." Masamichi Ito, at 17 the youngest player in the field, was delighted to be in seventh place after learning about qualifying on the Japan Golf Tour Organisation's (JGTO) Challenge Tour. "I heard about OneAsia in Japan and thought it was better to come here for me," said Ito. The JGTO and OneAsia have forged a growing relationship that includes two tournaments being co-sanctioned by both bodies this year -- including the season-opening U.S.$ 1 million Thailand Open from March 14-17.
Like the NASCAR tailgate itself, I think I might have over done it with this blog post. I’m constantly trying something new but this time it is possible I might have gone into over-kill mode. Though I suspect, if there’s ever a time to do anything in excess, it’s when the situation involves NASCAR. On Memorial Day weekend – I spent Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway with hubby and 17 friends. We met at our friends’ Katie and Mike’s house at 10:00am sharp. We loaded into our 15-passenger van, packed 2 SUVs with supplies, and headed up to Concord. With my secret route in hand, we arrived at our lot at 10:30am. Time roared passed us like a stockcar rounding its last turn and before we knew it, a crackling voice came over the loud speakers for the drivers to start their engines. We didn’t make it into the race until sunset. The video will illustrate what we did to kill time and contains the much-anticipated definition of the portmanteau: yupnecks.
Editors' note: Portions of this review were taken from our review of the unlocked Xperia X10. We adjusted the score of this review on August 18, 2010, to reflect additional testing. When we reviewed the unlockedlast March, we had a lot of good things to say about Sony Ericsson's first foray into the Android operating system. With its large display, loaded feature set, and agreeable call quality, the X10 offered much of what we'd expect from a smartphone, even if the unlocked price tag of $700 was hard to swallow. Fortunately, price is no longer an issue now that the handset has landed in AT&T's lineup. Thanks to carrier subsidies, you can get it for a more reasonable $149 if you sign a new two-year contract. It's even cheaper for commitmentphobes, who will pay just $349. We're also pleased that with this version of the X10, data quality is a bit better and the virtual keyboard works across all applications. Yet, even with those improvements we're not prepared to crown the X10 as one of the best Android handsets. For starters, it's stuck on Android 1.6. Though that was fine five months ago, it's not good when the rest of the Android family is moving to 2.2. Also, we remain wary about the Timescape application and Sony Ericsson's User Experience (UXP) interface. Design and display Though it now enjoys plenty of company in this area, the X10 remains one of the bigger smartphones around at 4.7 inches long by 2.5 inches wide by 0.5 inch deep. Sure, it makes for a tight fit in pockets, but the 4-inch display is perfectly appropriate for a touch-screen device and the X10 is lighter than you might think (4.8 ounces). If the bulk does concern you, however, the X10 Mini and the X10 Mini Pro offer many of the same features but in more petite designs. The X10's rear face is purposely curved; Sony Ericsson does this so the device matches the natural curve of your hand. We understand any skepticism, but it's only the slightest bit gimmicky. Indeed, the X10 fits comfortably in the hand, but it wasn't a huge leap over other handsets. The curved back means, however, that when it's resting on a flat surface, the X10 wobbles if you try to tap at the screen. With support for 65,536 colors, the display doesn't quite measure up to some of its Android competitors. It's still quite lovely thanks to its rich resolution (854x480 pixels), but you'll notice the difference when you hold the X10 next to a HTC Evo 4G. The touch interface was accurate and responsive, both when tapping icons and swiping through long lists. It even was responsive at the very edges of the display.device or the You get three home screens that you can populate as you please with shortcuts, folders, and widgets. Like all Android phones, other display options are limited to the wallpaper, brightness, and backlighting time; the menu font size and style aren't customizable. Our only real complaint about the display is that it shows smudges way too easily; we were wiping it clean constantly just to see it clearly. The display has the standard Android notifications bar, and the menu is accessible through the arrow at the bottom of the display. The X10 has an accelerometer, but not a proximity sensor. Below the display are the X10's only physical controls. The Home key, back button, and menu control are large and tactile, so we had no trouble using them. On the left spine are the volume rocker and a camera shutter. The latter is a rather small, but it didn't pose a problem. On the top of the phone are the 3.5mm headset jack, the power control, and the Micro-USB port for the charger and syncing cable. Here, again, we give Sony Ericsson major points for ditching the proprietary connections and including a microSD card slot. The slot is located behind the battery cover, but we'll let that slide in this case since we aren't stuck with a Memory Stick Micro format. The X10's virtual keyboard is very close to the standard Android design, but it offers a few unique elements. In landscape mode it takes advantage of the display's full size so you have plenty of room for typing. On the primary keyboard there are three rows of alphabetic keys with the space bar conveniently located in the center of the bottom row. You'll also find basic punctuation and a smiley key, but you'll need to switch to the numeric keyboard for other characters. We also love the X0's autocomplete function and dictionary. Instead of just one possible choice when writing a word, the X10 offers up to 20 possible choices. For example, if you type "it" you get not only "its" as an option, but also "itself," "Italy," "item," and even "ignore." Even better, the X10 is adept at remembering previously used words and offering them as suggestions even if they aren't in the dictionary. After typing "kgerman" just once, we got it as a suggestion each time we started typing another word that begins with G. As previously mentioned, the landscape keyboard now works in the messaging app. That's a huge plus over the unlocked X10, which made its landscape keyboard available only in the e-mail app. We never understood the reason for that discrepancy, but it's irrelevant now. We also liked the phone dialer, which has a simple, easy-to-use design. As we said, it's a major bummer that the X10 runs Android OS 1.6. Though 1.6, or "Donut" as it's also known, looks particularly dated now, it was old even when Sony Ericsson introduced the X10 last December. At that time, the had been out with Android 2.0 for a couple of months, so you'd think that Sony Ericsson would have come through with another update by now. Last we heard, the X10 isn't supposed to get Android 2.1 until the fourth quarter of this year. And even if that arrives on schedule, the X10 will be behind the crop of devices that are currently receiving . Though Google always has said that manufacturers and carriers decide when a device receives an OS update, we've constantly implored those players to issue updates as soon as possible. Granted, some users may not care about Android firmware, but we can't imagine that there are a lot of them. In the end, the X10's popularity will no doubt suffer until it can catch up Of course, you have to consider Sony Ericsson's UXP, which sits on top of the standard Android OS. Though customized user interfaces can be attractive, and UXP certainly is, they lose their luster if they interfere with Android's evolution. UXP was designed with 1.6 in mind, and it needs to be enhanced and formatted with each Android update. That's a big job, indeed. What's more, though UXP is user-friendly, and we admire the design work that went into it (see ourfor an in-depth look of UXP), we prefer to let Android be Android. The X10 also features Sony Ericsson's Timescape, which combines your various messages, alerts, and contacts into a steady flow of communication. After registering your chosen accounts for e-mail, Twitter, MySpace, and Facebook, it displays your latest e-mails, text messages, and social media alerts in a flowing design that resembles a stacked deck of cards. To move through the deck, just swipe your finger along the display and the cards will fly by. Timescape also can display your latest social media alerts on the home screen, though we chose to remove that option. We just didn't need to see what was going on with our friends at every moment. On the upside, Timescape is slick and pretty, and it offers a wealth of features. For instance, tapping an individual card or tile will display that message or update in its entirety with the source (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) and the contact's photo. You'll also see an infinity symbol in the upper-right corner. Tap that and you'll see a list of all communication between you and that contact. You also can use the touch controls on the bottom of the display to sort the feed by the source and set your status for Twitter and Facebook.
Soak the silk item in pure white vinegar for 5-10 minutes (replaces the Soda Ash in the Soda Soak method. Vinegar is much easier on silk, but needs the extra heat to "fix" the dye. Squeeze out the excess vinegar and tie silk in desired pattern or scrunch. You can also work while the vinegar is still wet; the dyes will move differently on wet silk than they do on dry silk. There's no right or wrong, do what you like. Squirt, sponge, spray or brush on the colors as you like. As dye spreads easily on silk, you will use less dye than you would on cotton. A little goes a looong way! Put the silk in a zip lock type plastic bag big enough to allow for the expansion of the steam. The heavier duty bags work best. Place in microwave at full power for 3-5 minutes. To prevent bag from exploding, stop microwave every 45 seconds (or when you see the bag expand) to let the steam subside. All microwaves are different so be cautious and if possible do a test first to see how your microwave behaves. Be careful - if the bag pops open, it will make a mess. You can also do this in glass jars or a microwave safe bowl that you don't use for food. After the microwave is finished, let the whole thing cool before opening and rinsing and washing in Synthrapol. WARNING! The bag and the contents are boiling hot! Opening the bag while hot might cause hot steam to fly into your hands or face. The microwaving part of this method not recommended for children.
As one of Canada's lowest priced Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep ,Ram and FIAT dealers we have grown to become one of Canada's top volume retailers. Our low overhead combined with our huge volume allows you to save BIG and buy your new Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram or FIAT at Peel Chrysler FIAT. We are proud to offer you great prices and low payment options here in the heart of Port Credit Mississauga. Our Chrysler FIAT dealership in Toronto (Mississauga), Ontario also delivers vehicles anywhere in Canada. Our customers come from all corners of Ontario and surrounding areas including Mississauga, Toronto, North York, Richmond Hill, Thornhill, Etobicoke, Scarborough, Caledon, Newmarket, Barrie, Huntsville, North Bay, Sudbury, Oshawa, Pickering, Ajax, Brampton, Burlington, Milton, Oakville, Whitby, Aurora, Stoufville and more! We offer the most popular Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge and FIAT vehicles including Ram 1500 starting at only $18,995, FIAT 500 starting at only $13,995, Jeep Wrangler starting at only $19,995, Chrysler 200 starting at only $18,895, Dodge Journey starting at $18,895, Jeep Renegade starting at $18,995, and the family favorite Dodge Grand Caravan starting at only $18,895. Also, be sure to check out our comparison pages on the most popular models: We are proud to offer a large new and used car inventory. Aside from a great selection, we offer trained professionals, competitive prices and trustworthy service that can aid buyers with questions such as, "should I lease or buy a new vehicle?" Like you, we live in the area and consider you to be our neighbor! Our experienced sales staff is eager to share its knowledge and enthusiasm with you. We encourage you to browse our online inventory, schedule a test drive and investigate financing options. You can also request more information about a vehicle using our online form or by calling 1 (866) 652-6197. If you don't see a particular vehicle, click on CarFinder and complete the form. We will gladly inform you when a matching car arrives. If you'd like a see a vehicle in person, click on Dealership: Directions for step-by-step driving instructions to our site, or give us a call. We look forward to serving you! "And Remember, Nobody Beats a Deal From Peel!" General Manager: Gil Legerman
12:00am - 12:00am Smooth Jazz 105.9 Send This Page to a Friend March 31, 2015 Sorry, but we could not find the information you were requesting. Comedy Central Supports New "Daily Show" Host Trevor Noah After Backlash Harvey Weinstein Responds to Model's Accusations The Funniest Moments from Justin Bieber's Comedy Central Roast Which "Terminator" Film Does Arnold Schwarzenegger Say 'Sucked'? NBC Announces Live Production of “The Wiz” for December Copyright © 2015 CUMULUS MEDIA and MediaSpan Part of the MediaSpan NetworkPrivacy Policies: CUMULUS MEDIA | MediaSpan
Just when you thought you were safe from America’s seemingly never-ending election cycle, The CW would kindly ask that you consider taking part in one last vote. It’s election night in beautiful BlueBell Alabama and the stakes have never been higher. Does challenger Ruby Jeffries have what it takes to defeat incumbent Mayor Lavon Hayes? Umm, do we look like Nate Silver?! Heck, all we know for sure is that one winner will be crowned by the end of HART OF DIXIE’s Tuesday November 13th episode ominously titled “I Walk the Line.” First look photos of which have been handily posted after the jump. HART OF DIXIE airs Tuesdays at 8PM on the CW (CHCH in Canada) and stars Rachel Bilson, Jaime King, Cress Williams, Scott Porter, and Wilson Bethel. Catch up on past episodes you may have missed for free online at clicktowatch.tv
By Christine Hinrichs When I studied abroad, I had the opportunity to visit a friend studying at Trinity College in Dublin Ireland. With the exception of a pint of Guinness after the brewery tour, my only exposure to food in Ireland was at a sushi bar. Hardly a quintessential Irish dish! But when I think of classic, comfort food from across the Atlantic, I think of Shepherd’s Pie. Potatoes, vegetables, and meat, all cooked together into a delightfully warm and hearty meal. My version of Shepherd’s pie features mushrooms instead of meat, but it’s just as satisfying and flavorful! Serve your Shepherd’s Pie with some cabbage rolls as a side. These cabbage rolls feature many of the same ingredients as the Pie (making it easy on your prep time), but with the addition of tangy goat cheese, you’ll hardly even notice! These two dishes offer some unique twists on classic favorites, perfect for a St. Patrick’s Day dinner for two! Adapted from Laura @ What’s For Dinner Mom 1 head of cabbage 1 ½ cups cooked, long grain rice (quinoa would be a great substitute) 2 carrots, diced small 2 celery stalks, diced small 2.5 ounces goat cheese, crumbled 1 teaspoon fresh thyme 1 egg, lightly beaten 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil 2 cloves garlic, minced 1 15-ounce can of tomato sauce 1 tablespoon mushroom or vegetable stock 1 tablespoon red wine Assemble the ingredients that will go into your cabbage rolls. Combine the carrot, celery, rice, goat cheese, and thyme. Taste and add salt and pepper to taste. Then add the beaten egg and stir to combine. In a small sauce pan, heat the olive oil. Add your minced garlic and sauté briefly until fragerant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce, stock, and wine. Bring to a simmer, then reduce heat and allow to simmer covered until needed. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add a handful of salt. Then using either two slotted spoons or a smaller mesh sieve (worked great!) add in the whole cabbage. TRotate it in the water until the first few leaves become soft, about 1-2 minutes. Remove from the hot water carefully using the sieve or spoons. Carefully peel off the layer of soft leaves; you should get about 3-4 before it starts to get a little more firm. Return the cabbage to the hot water and repeat this process until you have 6-8 cabbage leaves. Preheat your oven to 375 degrees. On a cutting board or your counter tops, begin to assemble the cabbage rolls. Cut the hard ribs off the cabbage leaves so you don’t break your rolls. Then put about ¼ cup of the rice mixture onto the cabbage leaf, near the top. Fold the leaf over and tuck in the sides. Then roll. Repeat until you have 6-8 cabbage rolls. Place the rolls in a baking dish, seam side down. Cover with the warm tomato sauce. Cover the dish with foil and bake for 40 minutes. Vegetarian Shepherd’s Pie adapted from Food Network 2 medium-sized russet potatoes, peeled and in large dice 1 tablespoon butter 1 tablespoon milk 2 tablespoons butter 8 ounces of cremini mushrooms, stemmed, wiped clean, and sliced 1/4 onion, diced 1 celery stalk, diced 4 garlic cloves, minced 2 carrots, peeled and diced 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage 1/2 cup mushroom stock 1/4 cup red wine 1 tablespoon tomato paste In a large pot, place the diced potatoes and cover with water. Salt the water liberally and bring to a boil. Boil the potatoes until fork tender, about 20 minutes. Once the potatoes are cooked, drain and return to the cooking pot. Add a tablespoon of butter and the milk and mash until smooth. Add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside (or do this during the remaining cooking). In a large sauce pan or dutch oven, heat a tablespoon of butter until melted. Add in the mushrooms and cook until browned, stirring infrequently. About 5 minutes. Once browned, remove from pan and season with salt and pepper. Return the pan to medium heat and add another tablespoon of butter. Add the onion, celery, and garlic, cooking until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the carrot and herbs, cooking again until softened, another 5 minutes. Whisk together the mushroom stock, red wine, and tomato paste. Add the mixture to the vegetables in the pan to deglaze, using a spoon to scrape up the cooked bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring the liquid to a simmer and allow to cook until slightly thickened, about 2-3 minutes. Add the mushrooms back into the pan and cook until the mixture has reduced and thickened, about 8 minutes. Taste for seasonings. Preheat your oven to 400 degrees. In a small baking dish, pour the vegetable mixture. Dot the top of the veggies with the mashed potatoes, using a spoon (or your hands!) to smooth the potatoes over the top of the dish, sealing the edges as best you can. Then pinch the mashed potato topping in spots to create texture, which will help the potatoes get browned and crisp. Bake for 20 minutes or until the potatoes are a bit browned.
Cupcakes and Cashmere posted this fun, fresh mermaid nails DIY using a sweet shade by Essie and Martha Stewart glitter. This is pretty adorable and might have to make an appearance on my nails this weekend. I am loving the new beauty DIY trend I am seeing all over design blogs right now. Makes looking cute way easier for a lazy girl like myself. How have you DIYed your look recently? Let me know in a comment below.
I hope all of you are having a fantastic President’s Day weekend. I’m sure its not as good as mine, considering I’m in New York for FASHION WEEK, but I’ll cut you some slack and try not to rub it in. So talking shop, today I was invited to the opening of the Ports 1961on Ninth Ave in the meat packing district. The store, designed by Michael Gabellini with art done by Mathias Hornung was almost more aesthetically pleasing than the clothes themselves…but not really. The pieces were stunning, impeccably made and modernly classic (yes, I know that’s a paradox but go with it). Afterwards, I hit up Theory across the street and went into Christian Louboutin but got yelled at for trying to take pictures of the shoes…eheh. Anyway, by far my favorite show yet was Rag and Bone despite my getting lost in Chelsea and ending up having to get in a cab to make it on time. The clothes were absolutely incredible; I realized my old habit of flipping through style.com can in no way do them justice. Featuring lots of slouchy, loose-fitted tops, short skirts, leggings and tailored outerwear in dark neutral tones, the clothes were definitely wearable, trendy and fantastically styled. Okay so after 4.5 hours of red-eye flying, 7 coffees, 4 shows, 3 cab rides in lieu of subway frustration, 30 degree weather (which is FREEZING coming from a Californian) and 2 very tired feet this is shaping up to be exponentially more exciting than quantifying the day can justify. Well now I’ve got to wake up for a morning show not including the ridiculous amount of time it takes for me to navigate the subway. P.S. A million apologies for my below par photography. For better Rag and Bone photos go here. Photo 1: Taken by Linda after our extensive people-watching-style-spotting session. Photo 2: Opening of Ports 1961. Photo 3: My (cough) photo taking skills at Rag and Bone,
NEW YORK -- California Chrome co-owner Steve Coburn has apologized for his bitter remarks after his horse failed to win the Triple Crown. On ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday, Coburn says he was "very ashamed of myself. Very ashamed. I need to apologize to a lot of people, including my wife, Carolyn." She tried to intervene as Saturday's interview got out of control. He also apologized to the connections of winning horse Tonalist, saying: "I did not mean to take anything away from them." On Saturday, he had said that Tonalist took "the coward's way out" by skipping the first two legs of the Triple Crown. Coburn says he "wanted this so much, for this horse to win the Triple Crown for the people of America."
Originally Posted by medic92 You have no idea how bad it really is. Watch "Expelled" by Ben Stein and you'll be horrified at how far the academic world has gone to suppress those who dare to believe in God. I've seen that movie and that entire scenario is replaying itself in the Global Warming debate as well. Scientists who dare to question the validity of "Global Warming" find themselves ostracized and their grant money cut off.
With six detailed Daytour Regions, Prince Edward Island offers visitors plenty to explore and discover. Plan your vacation online! Serving as a valuable addition to Prince Edward Island`s already outstanding portfolio of tourist attractions, the former railway line which now forms the Confederation Trail offers visitors the opportunity to explore our Island`s diverse natural environment in a way that could never be enjoyed from Learn more about Confederation Trail Read other Featured Stories FEATURED GOLF COURSE Glasgow Hills Resort Glasgow Hills Golf Course features a Les Furber designed 18 Hole Championship Golf Course that features some of the most scenic holes you will ever see! Furber himself, who is renowned for his design of golf courses... Learn more about Glasgow Hills Resort Learn about Golfing the Island One of the most painted panoramas on Prince Edward Island, the tine fishing village of French River exudes the rural charm and timeless beauty so desired by many of our Island`s guests. The surrounding hills provide a breath-taking view of New London... Learn more about French River Learn about other Island communities Need to request a print version of the Prince Edward Island Visitor Guide? The guide is free and will be shipped ASAP. Call PEI toll-free at 1-888-PEI-PLAY to order your guide. Search everything from accommodations, festivals & events online with our online search tools.
When Ron Cooper boxed for Great Britain at the 1948 London Olympics, his mum sent him on his way from their home in Limehouse in the capital's East End to the old Empire Pool in Wembley with a bellyful of custard and jelly. As much as he loved it, it was not sufficiently nutritious to help the slim lightweight get past the second round in front of a similarly hungry crowd. Ron, the youngest of 10, was the breadwinner in the Cooper household, and custard and jelly was a cheap if unsubstantial staple of their diet in times when austerity was generated by the lingering hardship of a world war, not government policy. Ron, 84, lives not far from the site of the 2012 Olympics in Stratford and, as a surviving Olympian, he has tickets to the boxing. When he witnesses the fitness and stamina levels of the current squad, however, he might wonder how well he could have done if he had had the benefit of the hi-tech training methods and diet-to-the-minute eating regime of British boxers who will be as well prepared as those from any country in the competition. In 1948, their training was basic, with roadwork and sparring on alternate days, and their diet even more so. "We were absolutely starved," says Ron, looking back on the days of wartime rationing, which went on until 1954. In 2012, a few weeks before the Olympics, a day at the Sheffield training headquarters of Robert McCracken's excellent group reveals how investment pays a dividend. The former British and Commonwealth middleweight champion and his team of strength coaches, nutritionists, physios and performance analysts will deliver a team of 10 super-fit boxers, seven men and three women, capable of winning a swag of medals, maybe even a couple of golds. It is a quite superb squad, maybe one with even more potential than the one Terry Edwards took to Beijing and which returned with a gold and two bronze. Edwards was poorly treated, a victim of the interminable squabbling that has dogged the sport for as long as anyone can remember, but McCracken has benefited from the subsequent full-scale structural shake-up of the sport. Boxers are virtually full-time athletes on fixed salaries, with weekday accommodation in Sheffield for easy access to the English Institute of Sport, where they have access to the latest developments in sports science. "From here, it's full steam ahead," McCracken says in one of the many well-appointed offices in the EIS complex, while his fighters work the pads and three rings downstairs, each clicking to a meticulously worked-out timetable. "They're really close, there's no issues with this lot, no prima donnas or egos. Your character in the squad is the captain, Anthony Stalker, who's ranked No1 in the world. They're a down-to-earth group. You'd maybe expect big [Anthony] Joshua to be a little bit [big-headed] but you couldn't meet a nicer, hard-working kid." Joshua could be the British star of the Olympics. He's big, fast and articulate, and professional promoters are already barraging him with offers. "People forget when he arrived here he was a raw novice, nothing more," McCracken says. "We took him to a couple of international training camps to show him how tough it was. He struggled. "He won the ABAs but I didn't take him to the Commonwealth Games because he was very inexperienced. He took it fine, and developed. He's got a great attitude. Now to see him boxing the best [a silver that might have been gold at the world championships, in only his third senior tournament] it shows how he's improved. Above all he has the speed and that's the key: speed beats everything. "There's good camaraderie between them – and they don't bat an eyelid with the girls in the gym. They never did two and a half years ago when they came in. They're just boxers to them. They work together, train together. There's a lot of experience there too: Nicola Adams, Savannah Marshall – as young as she is, she won a silver at the worlds two years ago. "I was in China with the women [at the final qualification tournament] and Callum Smith sent a good luck message every day. And this is a kid who was really unlucky not to qualify [woefully judged in the last tournament, in Turkey, then passed over for a wild card in favour of a Montenegro boxer, Bosko Draskovic, whom he'd beaten by 10 points in April.] So, you'd think he'd be really down." They are used to success, their own and each other's. In three major tournaments before London – the world championships in 2011 and the Euros in 2010 and 2011 – the squad have won 13 medals: two gold, seven silver and four bronze. Mark Ellison, a nutritionist from EIS who works with GB Boxing – as well as Manchester United and Andy Murray – feeds them with scientific precision. So exact is the regime that weekly weight loss leading up to the Olympics will be measured in the tiniest amounts. "You'll see the targets on the door for the next few weeks," Ellison says. "No one's losing more than about 0.4kg to 0.5kg a week. It sounds like almost nothing but, at this level of elite sport, you've got to get that right over four, five weeks. Some of these guys are so good they're only dropping about 0.2kg a week, because that's all they need to do." In the gym kitchen, a fridge holds several boxes of pre-prepared food, individually sorted for each boxer. "This is Nicola Adams's breakfast for tomorrow," Ellison says, "chicken fajitas, there's the wraps to go with it. Nicky is the smallest boxer in the team so the portions reflect that, whereas Big Josh likes to eat two or three of these boxes. "We get 48 hours' worth of food delivered to their door at a time. But then Nicky comes to me and says she's tired. We predicted her to lose 0.3kg over the week but the fact is she's lost 0.5kg. Tomorrow it's just a phone call to the company and Monday's delivery for Nicky is up by 200 calories, and I want all of that to come from carbohydrates. I ask them to put it all in the afternoon meal, because that's when she was feeling tired. Totally specific." Joshua walks in with a weighted neck-belt hanging around his shoulders, ready to do some serious strength work. He dips into the fruit box and peels back a couple of bananas. "Nothing that fancy," he says of his cooking, but he attests to the claims that the diet, "is really helpful. Best of both worlds. I've just got to take it home and eat it. But then I'll get some fresh meat, fresh fish, fresh salmon, maybe some potatoes. Couldn't survive on Nicola's diet. It's important to stay close to my best fighting weight, even at super-heavyweight. My best is around 106.5kg. At the minute, I'm at 107.1kg. I wouldn't want to be, like, 109kg. After competition you lose a lot of weight, sweating and so forth. I could weigh in after a fight at 104kg. If I sat back, that's losing energy. So I have a shake, something to eat, put the energy back in. It's all about smaller portions, no carbs at night. This [his condition] is going to stay on me now. I'll be ready." Luke Campbell is sitting on a nearby table, a wired-up ice pack strapped to his left shoulder. "My shoulder's just a bit tight," he says. "I need my body to recover so I can push it again tomorrow. If I'm not recovering, I can't push my body anymore, and get any fitter. It's like a lost day. "I live in one of the flats nearby, Monday to Thursday. Then we go home Thursday tea-time, train at home on Fridays, Saturday. Sundays, rest at home, see my family. Definitely need them around me, to switch off from all this." What they all share with Ron Cooper is pride in the vest. "The pinnacle of the amateur game was the Olympic Games," he said recently, "to wear that Olympic blazer, with Great Britain on there. You feel proud, with the old beret, walking out, little 20-year-old, still wipin' his nose, like. When I got that Olympic blazer on, I thought I'd bust the buttons on me shirt." And you can bet it wasn't from being overweight.
The Tokina AT-X 107 DX is a fish-eye lens that gives the digital photographer an approximate 180° field of view with dramatic curvature of field or fish-eye effect. With this lens an entire view or vista can be captured, wider than the human eye can see. The AT-X 107 opens an entirely new dimension of photography. Unlike other fish-lenses, the AT-X 107 DX gives a full corner-to-corner image. The front element of the AT-X 107 DX has a newly formulated WR or Water Repellent" optical coating on the glass. This new coating makes marks such as spots left by water or finger-prints much easier to clean than standard multi-coating.** The rear optical group of the lens contains 1 SD (Super-Low Dispersion) glass element to reduce the number of elements (pieces of glass) in the optical design in order to make the lens more compact, light-weight and faster focusing. Note: This lens is designed to work with cameras that have an APS-C sized sensor only.
Reviews For Batista's Movie, Kane WWE RAW Milestone, Prince Devitt & Triple H Photo - Guardians of the Galaxy, which features Batista in a top role, opened today to great reviews. The movie has a 92% score on movie aggregator site RottenTomatoes.com. Of the 156 reviews counted for the movie, 143 are positive and only 13 are negative. - If Kane wrestles on this Monday's RAW, it will be his 400th match on RAW. Devitt & The Game HHH pic.twitter.com/19ePlSiDPy— Prince Devitt (@fergaldevitt) August 1, 2014
Dan Bice has a story in today's paper about Darlene Wink, one of Scott Walker's county staffers, who got busted leaving comments on JSOnline. I am not going into a lot of discussion into this, but did want to make a few observations. One is this is not a one sided thing. This site has gotten a lot of hits from all levels of government, from the City of Milwaukee to the County to the State and even hits from the feds. Sometimes these people would leave comments, but more often they don't. I wouldn't classify what Wink did as campaigning per se. It is not like she was trolling for campaign donations or coordinating campaign events, at least not that we are aware of. There would be room for suspicion on that though, considering that it was Wink that was involved in the incident in which the pseudo-non-official campaign site actually got a response to a question I had asked before I got the response. Walker has a long history of paying fast and loose with campaign laws, often pushing the envelope to the line and even beyond, but carefully as not to leave a paper trail. He has slipped up a few times, and has gotten slapped for it. But the thing I found most interesting was the reactions to this. Many on the left predictably tried to tie this to Walker. I'll go on the record as saying that I don't think Walker told her to do this, or anything else that she did. Being an officer in the Republican Party, she probably did this on her own. Secondly, Walker is never around to tell anyone to do anything, as that he has been missing from his real job for at least two years as he campaigns. Many on the right chose instead to just attack the messenger, tearing into Dan Bice and/or the paper as being partisan or being a hack. I lost track of how many people were whining that he didn't do this type of investigation into Tom Barrett's administration. I don't see Bice being particularly partisan, seeing how he dug into the trip that Supervisors Coggs and Clark took to President Obama's inauguration. In summary, both sides do this sort of thing, often without notice. The only thing that made this story noteworthy was Wink's standing in the Republican Party. But either way, with all the other things going wrong for Walker, it's no wonder that he and his people seem to be a little more histrionic that usual lately.
The savings in time and travel from effective teleconferencing can be substantial. Assuming an enterprise is sales or marketing oriented, a well-designed teleconferencing room can speak – and pay – for itself. Advanced teleconferencing technology is exciting, but its superior audio and visual clarity relies on the effective deployment of numerous building systems, from HVAC and lighting to enclosures and their finishes. Light and noise control are critical factors. Perimeter locations aren’t conducive to either, since windows not only transmit noise, but also variable amounts of light and glare, depending on the sky, season, and time of day, according to Steve Thorburn, principal with Castro Valley, CA-based acoustical consultant Thorburn Associates. Nor is the core an ideal location when elevator shafts, mechanical rooms, and other sources of noise are present. In that case, the facility should be situated between the core and perimeter. Assuming windows can’t be avoided, specify assemblies with a sound transmission coefficient (STC) of 55 – essentially an insulated assembly with an added laminate on one of the two panes, according to Erik Ryerson, senior associate with Shen Milsom Wilke, a Chicago-based communications and acoustical consultant. To eliminate glare, specify black-out shades. Rectangular vs. Square There are two schools of thought regarding room dimensions. Rectangular configurations readily accommodate the so-called "peanut gallery," where support staff are situated, but may require multiple cameras or frequent refocusing of a single unit. Rectangular rooms also may undermine effective eye contact. Square rooms promote eye contact, but may not readily accommodate the peanut gallery and similar support functions, particularly if they are small. Most teleconferencing facilities tend to put a high priority on eye contact. As a rule of thumb, a 400-square-foot room is sufficient to accommodate eight active participants and a peanut gallery. A similarly sized room requires video displays of 50 inches for standard display and 60 inches for flat-screen plasma displays. Enclosures and Finishes Walls and floor slabs should be designed to isolate the room acoustically, and finishes should promote acoustical clarity within it. At a minimum, walls – like windows – should have an STC of 55, the equivalent of a 2-hour, fire-rated wall consisting of steel framing, fiberglass insulation, and dual layers of gypsum board extending from slab to slab, says Thorburn. Doors should be solid core and sealed along their edges. Wall finishes should carry a noise reduction coefficient (NRC) of .65 and ceiling finishes .8 or higher in order to absorb sufficient sound to eliminate flutter echoing and other problems associated with parallel reflective surfaces. Cloth-bound fiberglass panels suffice for walls, as do fiberglass panels sheathed in perforated wood or metal. Acoustic ceiling tiles are typically made of mineral board or fiberglass. Select fiberglass, the more absorptive of the two, Ryerson advises. Avoid locating fan-powered VAV boxes above or below the teleconferencing room, says Ryerson. Alternatively, specify high-volume, low-velocity air handlers to minimize noise. Duct linings or sound attenuators absorb sound further downstream, as do 3- to 5-foot-long silencers, which are used in lieu of linings. Diffused fluorescent lighting is ideal, preferably at an angle rather than up/down. Fluorescent lighting at 3,500 degrees Kelvin enhances skin tones. Avoid arrangements that create shadows or hot spots. Limit the amount of light on faces to 500 to 700 lux. Very dark colors appear grainy and snowy, and very light ones burn or streak. Accordingly, walls and furnishings should be neutral in color, says Ryerson. Avoid dark, lustrous paneling and highly reflective surfaces. For teleconference rooms used to communicate among colleagues within an enterprise, guidelines such as these needn’t be as exacting, says Thorburn. If the enterprise uses the room to communicate with clients, remember that you never get a second chance to make a first impression. B John Gregerson is a contributing editor writing from Chicago.
how to do calculation in oracle? basically I have 2 tables and I'm trying to calculate the total sales for it. I'm trying to figure out how to write a sql state that show total sales by products:Pid and Pname. Then totalsales. hopefull someone can help me out with this or point me out to the right direction as I don't know how to do the calculation part in oracle at all. I'm not doing it for you but I can point you in the right direction. Research sum() and group by, try your best and if needed post your doubts. Pablo (Paul) Berzukov Author of Understanding Database Administration available at amazon and other bookstores. Disclaimer: Advice is provided to the best of my knowledge but no implicit or explicit warranties are provided. Since the advisor explicitly encourages testing any and all suggestions on a test non-production environment advisor should not held liable or responsible for any actions taken based on the given advice. Click Here to Expand Forum to Full Width
Christmas/Hanukkah/Kwanza/Solstice is coming, and Eid recently passed. Do you send out holiday cards to your friends and family? If not, you're a terrible person. Don't worry though, Valve has you covered! Just announced, you can pick up a set of Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2, or Team Fortress 2 holiday greeting cards. And trust me, they're amazing. You can get a 10 pack of cards of the game of your choice for $15.95. Each Left 4 Dead game has one pack, while Team Fortress 2 has two separate ones. There's a really good chance I'm going to buy a pack of each and send them to my non-gaming family -- the cards are that amazing. My brother is definitely getting the Jarate card, and the Sniper bulls-eye shirt will probably get photocopied and sent to all the people I regularly play TF2 with. The cards are available at Valve's store. Which pack is your favorite? All characters should be redone in the style of Bubble Bobble for maximum cuteness 11:00 PM on 05.27.2014
Midwest Rake Company 42" Black Sifting Scoop Shovel - One-piece polypropylene shovel resists chemicals, won't corrode and is sanitary - Ideal for sifting and screening debris - USA made This unique scoop is ideal for sifting and removing debris when top-dressing athletic fields, golf courses and ball diamonds. Also works great for screening unwanted materials during pre-seeding of lawns. Scoop measures 17"Lx14"W. D-grip handle length 25". Overall length 42". Weighs 4 lbs. USA made. 2015 Master Catalog: Page 374
In a world that is powered by the internet, it comes as no surprise that small, local businesses are turning to online sources as a way to market themselves and expand beyond their shop doors. E-marketing is playing a key role in this transition, helping to establish small businesses and creating growth for both the company and the local economy as well. Through online marketing connections via web pages, blogs, social media and more, companies have been able to establish themselves on a larger scale by creating connections globally. Google has set out to recognize the best of these online business communities by establishing new digital capitals, or rather e-Cities. These new digital capitals, which include Lincoln, Nebraska, represent the leading cities in regards to the utilization of online sources to establish and grow businesses. Small businesses have quickly become the backbone of many communities and technology has played into this growth a great deal. In fact, over the next three years, businesses that utilize the web are expected to grow 40% faster and are twice as likely to create jobs. As small businesses are creating two-thirds of all new jobs, the potential impact of getting businesses online is huge. Google hopes that by establishing these e-cities they will be able to encourage other businesses to embrace internet marketing, as well as help others to see the potential for expansion in creating successful businesses. These digital capitals were established using an analytical system, powered by an independent research firm Ipsos MORI, which evaluated online business strengths. The cities with the highest scores in utilizing online sources to optimize business growth were then selected for each state and designated a 2013 Google e-City. This is truly a lesson in industry distinction and telling of where business growth is headed. Through the establishment of these digital capitals, I believe that many other businesses will follow suit in establishing online connections and start to see the potential of expanding business into the online world. How have you seen small businesses embrace the Google e-Cities mission through internet marketing in your community? Credits: Photographs by Lisa Gran. Images and data linked to sources.
24th Annual Mopar Nationals - Coming HomeWritten by on February 1, 2005 24th Annual Mopar Nationals In an environment dominated by the hostile General Motors and his Brand-X troops, going to the Mopar Nationals is like taking refuge in a fortress, a safe haven, or comfort zone-kinda' like coming home. Blessed with the best weather to ever grace a Mopar Nationals weekend (August 13-15), this 24th annual event held at National Trail Raceway, Columbus, Ohio, broke all previous attendance records and featured more than 3,000 cars, nearly 1,900 vendors, and close to 60,000 spectators. Chrysler enthusiasts from the four corners of the globe made the trek from all over the US, Norway, Canada, Australia, England, Germany . . . which should tell you something about the quality of this event. This year's Nats paid tribute to the Dodge Charger, always a stylistic innovator in a sea of brick-like automobiles, with many fine examples from every year of production, including the little L-body. As always, the Mopar Nationals provided something for everyone-from the judged car show, to the swap meet, F.A.S.T. class race, Manufacturers Midway, model car contest, car corral, matchbox car race (for the little Mopar enthusiasts), and loads of drag racing. Next year's 25th annual event, to be held August 12th through 14th, will pay homage to the mighty Road Runner-the original low-buck, everyman's musclecar. If you want more info, simply log onto www.moparnats.com. What can we say about the Mopar Nationals that hasn't been said 24 times before? If you are a true Mopar aficionado, then there are no excuses not to attend this event. Besides, what's better than going home? For more pics of the Nats, go to wwww.moparmusclemagazine.com More Photos From This Article We believe that four-month-old Caleb Scott Potter of Sullivan, Missouri, was the youngest participant at the Mopar Nationals. As you can see, he wears his colors proudly.This F.A.S.T. class Duster, owned by Jeff Patterson of Oberland, Ohio, regularly runs in the mid-to-high-11s at 116 mph. If that wasn't enough to get noticed, he drives the 150-mile round trip to the track! Just your average stock 340 with exhaust manifolds. yeah, right. We don't really know how big the LA is under Jeff's hood, but he would cop to somewhere north of 340 inches. He says the Duster causes quite a stir at his local drags.Young Guns participation was very strong at this year's Mopar Nationals. Judging by the quality and type of iron, the future of our hobby is in very good hands. The original tunnel-ram used by the legendary Ram Chargers on the "High and Mighty" '49 Plymouth back in 1959 was on display. This new style intake was developed by this group of hobbyists and mounted two Carter AFB carbs over a common plenum and was used on their 354-inch Hemi.Brice Road means different things to different people. For example, this gentleman did his burnout while making eye contact with the police officer sitting on the median. For him, Brice Road means reckless driving, exhibition of speed, reduction in tread depth, and a stiff fine. For others, Brice Road means sheer entertainment.Heavy hitters Summit Racing and Year One brought their displays out to the manufacturers midway to showcase their Mopar offerings for the masses.Hot Rod magazine's Pump Gas Drag participants and top 10 finishers Don Vargo and his twin-turbo, fuel-injected, 540-inch Hemi-powered '69 Charger, and James Pranis and his 572-inch, nitrous-injected, Hemi '68 Charger were milling around National Trails proudly displaying their Pump Gas Drags jackets. Both ran deep in the 9s and finished Sixth and Seventh place, respectively.
"The harder you work, the luckier you get." Below is the poem entitled THUNDERSTORM which was written by poet Oliver. Please feel free to comment on this poem. However, please remember, PoetrySoup is a place of encouragement and growth. Read Poems by sky crackling far off midnight blue sky, thunderbolts Raijin is playing tonight
Journals & Newspapers The Wirtz Labor Library currently subscribes to over 200 journals, largely in the areas of employment issues, economics and labor. The Library also maintains subscriptions to many local and national newsletters and updates published by a wide variety of trade unions. See the Library Catalog for specific titles. The Library has a rich historical collection of past issues of trade union publications, statistical publications, and economic journals, many of which are stored in the Library's closed archival collections due to their age and rarity. Arrangements can be made through the Wirtz Labor Library Reference staff to use archival materials on the DOL Library premises. To search these collections, go to the Library Catalog. Newspapers in Print The Library subscribes to the following papers in print format and retains historical issues in microfilm and CD-ROM. - The Washington Post - The New York Times Electronic Journals and Newspapers The Wirtz Labor Library manages a Department-wide license to the ProQuest Direct database of over 1200 business related periodicals and newspapers. DOL employees interested in access to ProQuest Direct should contact the Reference staff for assistance (202-693-6600). The Wirtz Labor Library acts as a central order point for the Department's subscriptions to publications of the Bureau of National Affairs' (BNA). These titles, including the Daily Labor Report, the Occupational Safety and Health Reporter, and the Pension and Benefits Daily, are used by subscribers in every agency in DOL. The Library's bulk orders allow subscribers in disparate offices, both regional and National, to enjoy discounts resulting from combining a number of subscribers into one order from the Department. Contact the Library for more information. The Department of Labor issues a number of publications, which are available in the Library. The Library serves as the publications archive of DOL by retain three copies of all departmental publications. These include: - Annual Reports (Performance & Accountability) - Compensation and Working Conditions - Consumer Price Index - Monthly Labor Review - Occupational Outlook Quarterly - Producer Price Index
Last Night: Colour Revolt at Hailey's Club Hailey's Club, Denton October 4, 2009 Better than: Spending the whole night sobbing over the Cowboys' loss. As part of a short tour through the south, Colour Revolt stopped by Hailey's in Denton for what seemed to be more of a small get together--a really nice small get together. At first, the small crowd was a bit surprising, but then it hit me--hello, this is Denton, half of the city packed up and drove four hours south for Austin City Limits. With such a small crowd, the show proved to be much more intimate--the bar was empty and anyone who took a seat during the first two bands stood up to rock their head and close their eyes to the "oohs" and "aahs" offered by the headliner. And, the Mississippi natives kept things compelling, while playing mostly songs from the latest album, Plunder, Bed, and Curse. Instead of back-loading the set with fan favorites, this band offered its fans at the show a little more respect, playing the crowd favorite "Mattresses Underwater" from its first EP right in the middle of the performance. Sure, any commentary from the band and crowd was limited, but with such a relaxing sound, bad jokes and asking fans to buy a few t-shirts was best left for the second band on the lineup. Called Winston Audio, this act was strangely placed in the middle of two really great bands. With raspy guitar riffs and non-sense screaming, the band sounded more like a Jet cover band. The first band, meanwhile, Sad Accordions, started at 10 p.m. and played a 45-minute set filled with harmonica, keyboard and explosive drum fills. The Austin-based band made fun of the weather back home and commended Denton's lack of humidity. Though the crowd was even smaller at the beginning of the night, Sad Accordions really set the pace for an overall really great show. Persoal Bias: I've seen Colour Revolt a couple of times before, so I was already anticipating a great show. By The Way: The majority of the crowd was wearing black pea coats and toboggans...Really? It wasn't that cold! Random Note: If I had cash, I would have totally bought Sad Accordion's album, A Bad Year for the Sharons. Thank goodness for the Internet.
Mike Nolan appeared on NFL Gameday Morning on the NFL Network today a little after 7:30 a.m. He, of course, was asked about his Monday dismissal, his tenure with the 49ere and whether he wants to continue coaching. A: "Oh, very much so." The host, Spero Dedes, obviously hadn't been following the week's news and didn't listen to Nolan's opening statement in which he identified Jed York as the person who fired him. Because Dedes' opening question was this: Q: Was that exchange awkward, because after all you were the one who brought general manager Scot McCloughan into San Francisco and he's the one who brings the news ...? A: "To be perfectly honest, Jed was the one who came into the office and we sat down and spoke, you know, Jed York. Scot was somewhere else at the time. He came in after a little while. We came and got him because there were some things we had to get straight, get some things ironed out." Q: Was the writing was on the wall going into the Giants game? A: "Yes it was, and it had been that way for a few weeks. It really all started at the end of last season. There were some changes made at the end of last year, I think it was kind of lines drawn on what we needed to do on this and that. So I knew we had to win early... Q: Looking back, any regrets on selecting Alex Smith? A: "Honestly, I haven't really looked back until this week. I've had time to reflect on certain things. And it's hard to say if the information were different what we would have done, maybe choosing Aaron Rodgers or that kind of topic. Things that were brought to my attention. At the same time, we made a decision based on the best information we had at that time. It's been unfortunate in Alex's case, he's been hurt for two of the years now of his first four seasons in the NFL. He did play a lot early. But we never seemed to really get over the hump. He's had some outstanding coaches. I know that he's had different coordinators. On one hand you can look at that as being a negative. On the other hand, when you've had coordinators like Mike McCarthy and Norv Turner and most recently Mike Martz, you've had outstanding coaches. So that can only bode well for you and make you a better play." The NFL Network also had an item on Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice potentially joining the 49ers as team president. Reporter Adam Schefter said he had spoken to a 49ers official who said that was a possibility. Rice went to Stanford, she is friendly with former 49ers receiver and current league director of football operations Gene Washington and she's expressed interest in joining the league in some capacity. But how would she be welcomed in San Francisco? Her politics don't exactly scream "Bay Area." The prospect of Rice joining the 49ers got a chilly reception from show co-hosts Marshall Faulk and Warren Sapp, and I imagine it would get a similar response from most 49ers fans. Speaking of 49ers officials, here's the story I wrote today about Jed York. I met York in his very modest-sized office Friday and he was nice enough to show me the photographs and memorabilia that are important to him. It is clear that he is very much a DeBartolo and very much a York and that he is very much the future of the franchise.. -- Matt Barrows
China...China’s friend and mediator in securing the evacuation of the invaders from Beijing. Soon after the allies had left Beijing, Ignatyev secured, as a reward for his mediatory effort, the Sino-Russian Treaty of Beijing, which confirmed the Treaty of Aigun and ceded to Russia the territory between the Ussuri and the sea. RussiaRussia established diplomatic and commercial relations with Japan by three treaties between 1855 and 1858. In 1860, by the Treaty of Beijing, Russia acquired from China a long strip of Pacific coastline south of the mouth of the Amur and began to build the naval base of Vladivostok. In 1867 the Russian government sold Alaska to the United States for $7.2 million. The Treaty of St. Petersburg... role of Ignatyev...negotiations were at first unsuccessful, but, taking advantage of an Anglo-French siege of Peking (1860), he convinced the Chinese that Russia was a friendly power and succeeded in negotiating the Treaty of Peking (1860). In that treaty China recognized Russia as master of all the lands on the left bank of the Amur River as well as of those between the Ussuri River and the Pacific Ocean,... Treaty of Peking Simply begin typing or use the editing tools above to add to this article. Once you are finished and click submit, your modifications will be sent to our editors for review.
Michael Avidan, George Mashour and David Glick highlight the serious issue of awareness during anaesthesia in a recent review published by F1000 Medicine Reports. Consciousness during general anaesthesia is an extremely distressing condition leading to post-operative psychological trauma and contributes towards patients' fear of surgery. Dr Avidan, a member of Faculty of 1000 Medicine and a leading authority on Anaesthesia and Pain Management, writes that intra-operative awareness with subsequent recall is surprisingly common, affecting around 1 in 500 surgical cases. These appear to be mostly preventable. There are currently a number of candidate awareness monitors available to anaesthesiologists and theatre staff, but attention has focussed on the bispectral index (BIS) monitor, which is used widely in operating rooms and intensive care units around the world. However, it is not clear that the reduction in awareness reported with BIS monitors is attributable predominantly to the technology itself. Controversially, recent research suggests that previous cases of awareness with explicit recall might have been prevented by implementing a simple 'increased vigilance' protocol. Such a protocol would cost less and be less prone to machine malfunction. Large, prospective randomized trials are currently underway to evaluate effective awareness monitoring technologies, with the aim of ultimately improving intra-operative patient care. Avidan says, "Cost effective interventions that increase vigilance should be implemented to decrease the likelihood of this complication." Notes to Editors 1 Dr Michael S Avidan, Faculty Member for F1000 Medicine is a global authority on Anaesthesia & Pain Management, and Associate Professor of Anaesthesiology and Surgery, and Division Chief, CT Anaesthesiology & CT Intensive Care at Washington University in St Louis http://www. 2 The full text of this F1000 Medicine Reports article is available at http://www. 3 Please name F1000 Medicine Reports and Faculty of 1000 Medicine in any story you write. If you are writing for the web, please link to the website (details below). 4 The F1000 Medicine Reports journal (ISSN 1757-5931), publishes short commentaries by expert clinicians focussing on the most important studies identified by Faculty of 1000 Medicine that are likely to change clinical practice. The commentaries summarise the implications of important new research findings for clinicians http://www. 5 Faculty of 1000 Medicine, www.f1000medicine.com, is a unique online service that helps you stay informed of high impact articles and access the opinions of global leaders in medicine. Our distinguished international faculty select and evaluate key articles across medicine, providing a rapidly updated, authoritative guide to the medical literature that matters. 6 Please contact Kathleen Wets, Director of Sales & Marketing, for a complimentary journalist subscription to Faculty of 1000 www.f1000.com (which includes F1000 Medicine Reports).
9am - 6pm ET M-F 9am - 5pm ET Sat Your Gravely commercial mowers will cut better with a new set of Gator Blades. Gator blades raise the grass up as the blade cuts the grass multiple times. More cuts mean finer clippings. Finer clippings mean more bag capacity, less clumping, and ultimately a better looking lawn. We stock G3, G5, and G6 gator blades for your Gravely mowers. Review your blade measurements to select the correct sized replacement. G3 Gator Blades:G3 blades offer faster and higher quality mulching capability than standard mulching blades. The teeth on the back of the blade redirect the grass clippings toward the cutting edge over and over again. G5 Gator Blades:G5 blades combine a higher air lift with a longer cutting edge for a greater mulching performance than the G3. These blades also stay sharper longer than standard blades. G6 Gator Blades:G6 blades are thicker and wider than the G3 and G5. This makes them more durable to cut through thick terrain. For heavy-duty mulching, consider using a G6 gator blade to get the job done right.
Our vision is to create a network of outdoors enthusiasts to share our adventures, to learn from, to have fun with, and to create life long friends. We hike in the Santa Monica Mountains. This is a non profit organization and we will be donating back to the community by having beach cleanups. Our group is also committed to protecting the special places we hike. Our new conservation effort seeks to protect threatened areas in the local mountains through fun and easy actions we can take. Have fun Hiking and hope to see you soon!
PITTSBURGH—Pittsburgh's ironman is out Sunday against the San Diego Chargers. The franchise quarterback might be too. Steelers coach Mike Tomlin said Tuesday cornerback Ike Taylor's 135-game streak will end after Taylor sustained a fractured right ankle in last weekend's 23-20 win over Baltimore. Taylor will likely be out at least two weeks, handing the starting job to second-year defensive back Cortez Allen. Tomlin is a little more optimistic Ben Roethlisberger's sprained right shoulder will be good enough to play for the first time in nearly a month. Roethlisberger threw Monday, but Tomlin said it's still too early to tell whether Roethlisberger will be available when the Steelers (7-5) host the Chargers (4-8). Charlie Batch will take the majority of snaps with the first team Wednesday, a day Tomlin said will be critical in determining Roethlisberger's status.
I loved Second Noah and I was very upset when it went off. I still have a few eposides that I recored but I want more. I want this show to come to DVD. I hope it does. 7th heaven is now my favorite show. It remdinds me a lot of Second Noah. I have mostley esposides from season 2. I have I think one from the first season. This was a great show. I even did a report on it in highschool. This is a show I think all familys with children should watch. It teaches good lessons. I loved this show! It had something for everyone. It was the first of a long line of my favorite shows to get canceled. Each of the many kids in the show had a rich, vibrant story to tell, so you never got bored. The oldest kid, Ricky (James Marsden), later appeared in movies like The Notebook, X-Men, Zoolander, Disturbing Behavior, and more, as well as in a host of other movies and TV shows. I'm glad I'm not the only person who still remembers Second Noah. It was very sad to see it go. The show gets a ten out of ten in my book! Second Noah! Oh, I miss this show so much! Why did they take it off? I can\'t believe it\'s been ten years since it aired. I remember watching it when I was little with my mom. It was a beautiful program, and I\'m not just saying that because I love animals! :) And then, Jason Marsden and Joey Lauren Adams... I loved those characters! I really want to watch it again but I don\'t think it\'s out on DVD. Does anyone know if it is or will be? I really wish it had been a hit, but at least I was able to experience it for a little time. Please read the following before uploading Do not upload anything which you do not own or are fully licensed to upload. The images should not contain any sexually explicit content, race hatred material or other offensive symbols or images. Remember: Abuse of the TV.com image system may result in you being banned from uploading images or from the entire site – so, play nice and respect the rules!
- About Us - Our Work - Find Help - Our Partners - Contact Us Give. Advocate. Volunteer. LIVE UNITED. What do these words mean to United Way or to you? United Way of Southeast Alaska advances the common good by creating opportunities for a better life for all. Our focus is on education, income stability and health, because these are the building blocks for a good quality of life. We recruit the people and organizations from across the region, which bring the passion, expertise and resources needed to get thing done. United Way of Southeast Alaska kicked off our annual community giving campaign in October. Our United Way community includes all communities in Southeast Alaska and particularly Haines, Sitka, Ketchikan and Juneau where we have several United Way partner agencies. This year, we are committed to putting more effort into reaching out to our neighbors so, of course, that takes a renewed effort at fundraising. There are many ways you can contribute to United Way of Southeast Alaska. GIVE: Monthly donations can be made through your workplace giving campaign or through our website where you can make an online pledge for monthly deductions on your credit card. You can grow those Alaska Airlines miles while you are helping United Way of Southeast Alaska and our 35 partner agencies strengthen the education, income stability, and health of our region. ADVOCATE: Advocate for a cause in which you are passionate or for those in need: the elderly, the disabled, the homeless, the children, the ill and so many more who are unable to advocate for themselves. Your voice can be as powerful as your actions. VOLUNTEER: Are you looking for ways to connect with your community? In an effort to increase connection and collaboration, United Way introduced GET CONNECTED. Visit Get Connected to learn more about donating your unused household items, advocating for a cause you are passionate about, or volunteering your time in ways that make a real difference. United Way is many things to many people, but without you we are not complete. Your support, your contributions, your participation makes it possible for United Way of Southeast Alaska to support our partner agencies, to develop programs to help children be successful readers and to advocate for change. We are asking employers to host a United Way of Southeast Alaska workplace campaign, and asking individuals to make a personal pledge to provide health, income and educational opportunities throughout our communities. Your pledge signifies your commitment of our communities' call, to LIVE UNITED.
The not-so-good news for swimmers: shark attacks worldwide rose marginally in 2009. But the brighter news for those splashing into American waters is that attacks off U.S. shores plummeted more than 30 percent. In 2009, there were 61 total shark attacks worldwide, five of them fatal. That's up slightly from 60 attacks and four deaths in 2008. "The big story is that the number of attacks in the United States dropped dramatically from 41 in 2008 to 28 in 2009," he said George Burgess Director of the University of Florida Program for Shark Research and the annual report's author. More than half the attacks involved surfers, though the majority are relatively minor and the overall chances of being killed by a shark attack are "infinitesimal," according to Burgess. In fact, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, a person is nearly 20 times more likely to be killed by lightning. More easily quantifiable, is the most dangerous place to swim. Florida's Volusia county, with eight shark attacks in 2009. Volusia's strip of coastline was the site of 13 percent of all the shark attacks last year, reinforcing its dubious title of shark-bite capital of the world. But the deadliest place to surf or swim was South Africa's coast, where white sharks congregate in cooler waters and surfers go to hunt big waves. According to the Shark Attack Report, the six attacks off the roughly 1,500 miles of South African coastline last year included four of the five fatalities worldwide. Volusia County, by contrast, saw no fatalities resulting from its eight attacks. While shark attacks have risen steadily over the past century -- in lockstep with world's population growth, Burgess noted -- the fatality rate has steadily declined, from about 60 percent at the turn of the 20th century to about 7 percent today. Burgess credits vastly improved trauma care, the increasing professionalism of lifeguards and greater public awareness, for the change. Leave the Water or Fight Burgess' first piece of advice to fend off a shark attack sounds pretty sensible: "leave the water." If flight fails, he said the alternative is to fight. "Give [the shark] a pop on its nose, more times than not sharks will react and be startled and move away." The animal's snout is relatively sensitive. He wryly cautions, however, that a shark's "nose" is located just north of its mouth. If the shark manages "to grab you, I suggest that you use your fingers to go into the eyes or gills slits, which are right behind the eyes on the head." The rate of shark attacks is dictated by the number of sharks and humans sharing the same waters, Burgess said. With such small numbers of attacks compared to visitors to U.S. coastal waters, it's nearly impossible to judge the reason for the reduction of attacks last year. But because the number of sharks prowling U.S. coasts has remained relatively static over the past year, Burgess speculated the number of bathers at U.S. beaches may have declined. "The drop-offs in the United States may perhaps have been a reflection of a down economy which reduced the number of tourists, the amount of gas one was willing to spend to go to the beach and so forth," he told ABC News. He acknowledged that his is just a theory, based on little scientific evidence.
Legion Of The Damned Enters The Studio and Reveals New Album, "Descend Into Chaos," Details LEGION OF THE DAMNED is currently in the studio to record their next album "Descend Into Chaos." The new album will be recorded and mixed by Peter Tägtgren (Pain, Hypocrisy). The current track-listing of "Descend Into Chaos" will be as follows: 01. Intro 'Descend Into Chaos' 02. Desolation Empire 03. Holy Blood, Holy War 04. War Is In My Blood 05. Night Of The Sabbath 06. The Hand Of Darkness 07. Lord Of The Flies 09. Possessed Again (working title) 10. Shrapnel Rain "Descend Into Chaos" will be released early 2011 via Massacre Records.? Please share this article if you found it interesting. - Previous Article: The Prophecy 23 Posts Live Concert Footage Online - Next Article: Nightrage Guitarist To Tour With Firewind 0 Comments on "Legion Of The Damned Enters The Studio" Be the first to comment! Tell us what you think. (no login required) To minimize comment spam/abuse, you cannot post comments on articles over a month old. Please check the sidebar to the right or the related band pages for recent related news articles.
This list of countries, arranged alphabetically, gives an overview of countries of the world. It includes territories that are independent states (both those that are internationally recognized and generally unrecognized), inhabited dependent territories, and areas of special sovereignty. The list covers all areas under the jurisdiction of the listed countries, namely territory, territorial waters (including internal waters and contiguous zones), exclusive economic zone, continental shelf, and airspace. Types of political entities included On this list are 245 entities of the following types: - 192 member states of the United Nations (UN). - 1 state with general international recognition but not UN membership, governed by the Holy See (a UN permanent observer): Vatican City. - 9 states lacking general international recognition, none of which are UN members, that may be defined as states in the body of customary international law, drawing on the precedent of the Montevideo Convention.         - 38 inhabited dependent territories. - 5 special entities recognized by international treaty or agreement Key of country names - Afghanistan (bold) - States with general international recognition - Abkhazia (bold and italic) - States lacking general international recognition - Akrotiri and Dhekelia (unbold) - Other non-state countries List of countries - Abkhazia – Republic of Abkhazia - Afghanistan – Islamic Republic of Afghanistan - Akrotiri and Dhekelia – Sovereign Base Areas of Akrotiri and Dhekelia (UK overseas territory) - Åland – Åland Islands (Autonomous province of Finland) - Albania – Republic of Albania - Algeria – People's Democratic Republic of Algeria - American Samoa – Territory of American Samoa (US territory) - Andorra – Principality of Andorra - Angola – Republic of Angola - Anguilla (UK overseas territory) - Antigua and Barbuda - Argentina – Argentine Republic - Armenia – Republic of Armenia - Aruba (Self-governing country in the Kingdom of the Netherlands) - Ascension Island (Dependency of the UK overseas territory of Saint Helena) - Australia – Commonwealth of Australia - Austria – Republic of Austria - Azerbaijan – Republic of Azerbaijan - Gabon – Gabonese Republic - Gambia, The – Republic of The Gambia - Germany – Federal Republic of Germany - Ghana – Republic of Ghana - Gibraltar (UK overseas territory) - Greece – Hellenic Republic - Greenland (Self-governing country in the Kingdom of Denmark) - Guam – Territory of Guam (US organized territory) - Guatemala – Republic of Guatemala - Guernsey – Bailiwick of Guernsey (British Crown dependency) - Guinea – Republic of Guinea - Guinea-Bissau – Republic of Guinea-Bissau - Guyana – Co-operative Republic of Guyana - Haiti – Republic of Haiti - Honduras – Republic of Honduras - Hong Kong – Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (Area of special sovereignty) - Hungary – Republic of Hungary - Oman – Sultanate of Oman - Yemen – Republic of Yemen - ↑ 1.0 1.1 The Holy See is a unique sovereign entity under international law vis-à-vis Vatican City with the Pope as the head of both, maintaining diplomatic/official relations with over 170 states/entities and participating in various international organizations either in its own capacity or on behalf of Vatican City. - ↑ Taipei Times - archives - ↑ 3.0 3.1 Kosovo unilaterally declared independence on 17 February 2008. Serbia regards it as an integral part of its territory, the formal name of which is "Kosovo and Metohija." It has been under United Nations administration since 1999 under the terms of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244 that ended the Kosovo conflict. That resolution reaffirmed the sovereignty of Serbia over Kosovo but required the UN administration to promote the establishment of 'substantial autonomy and self-government' for Kosovo pending a 'final settlement' for negotiation between the parties. See also Constitutional status of Kosovo. - ↑ 4.0 4.1 Abkhazia is a de facto independent state operating within what the majority of states recognize as the de jure territory of Georgia. After fifteen years without diplomatic recognition from any UN member state, Russia became the first generally-recognized state recognize Abkhazia as independent on 26 August 2008. See Russia recognises Georgian rebels . BBC News. Retrieved August 26, 2008. - ↑ 5.0 5.1 South Ossetia is a de facto independent state operating within what the majority of states recognize as the de jure territory of Georgia. After fifteen years without diplomatic recognition from any UN member state, Russia became the first generally-recognized state recognize South Ossetia as independent on 26 August 2008. See Russia recognises Georgian rebels . BBC News. Retrieved August 26, 2008. - ↑ 6.0 6.1 The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus is a de facto independent state operating within what the majority of states recognize as the de jure territory of the Republic of Cyprus, recognized by no UN member states except Turkey. Though without universal diplomatic recognition, it was accepted as an observer state of the Organization of the Islamic Conference in the name of Turkish Cypriot State since 1979. In addition, the legislature of the Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic regards TRNC as sovereign but Azerbaijan, who exercises sovereignty over Nakhichevan, has not followed suit. See The World Factbook - Cyprus (10 January 2006). Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved January 17, 2006. - ↑ 7.0 7.1 Nagorno-Karabakh is a de facto independent state inside the de jure territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan, diplomatically recognized by no UN member states. See Regions and territories: Nagorno-Karabakh (17 January 2006). BBC News. Retrieved January 17, 2006. - ↑ 8.0 8.1 Somaliland is a de facto independent state inside the de jure territory of the Somali Republic, diplomatically recognized by no UN member states. See Regions and territories: Somaliland (30 December 2005). BBC News. Retrieved January 17, 2006. - ↑ 9.0 9.1 Transnistria is a de facto independent state inside the de jure territory of the Republic of Moldova, diplomatically recognized by no UN member states, commonly known and referred to internationally as Transnistria, but sometimes referred to as "Pridnestrovie" (along with the corresponding long-form name "Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic"). See Regions and territories: Trans-Dniester (13 December 2005). BBC News. Retrieved January 17, 2006. - ↑ The overseas regions/overseas departments of French Guiana, Guadeloupe, Martinique and Réunion are integral part of France, and therefore not listed. - ↑ Argentina is also named Argentine Nation for purposes of legislation. - ↑ See also Nagorno-Karabakh. - ↑ See also entities Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Republika Srpska, as well as District Brčko. - ↑ Canada is also infrequently referred to as Dominion of Canada. - ↑ The Central African Republic is also infrequently rendered as Central Africa. - ↑ The People's Republic of China is commonly referred to as China. It is sometimes called mainland China to distinguish it from the Republic of China. The term mainland China is also used at times to refer to all of the People's Republic of China except for its special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macao. - ↑ The Democratic Republic of the Congo is referred to as Congo-Kinshasa to distinguish it from the Republic of the Congo. It is also often referred to as Zaire, its official name from 1971 to 1997. - ↑ The Republic of the Congo is referred to as Congo-Brazzaville to distinguish it from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. - ↑ See also Northern Cyprus. - ↑ The Czech Republic is also infrequently rendered as Czechia. See Names of the Czech Republic. - ↑ Falkland Islands is also claimed by Argentina as Islas Malvinas. - ↑ See also Abkhazia and South Ossetia. - ↑ The Bailiwick of Guernsey includes its self-governing dependencies Alderney, Herm and Sark. - ↑ Hong Kong is a Special administrative region of the People's Republic of China. It is often diplomatically known as Hong Kong, China. - ↑ Ireland is often referred to as the Republic of Ireland (its official description but not its name). Sometimes this is done to distinguish Ireland from island of Ireland as a whole. However, sometimes it is done for political reasons and is contentious. - ↑ The Democratic People's Republic of Korea is popularly known as North Korea. - ↑ The Republic of Korea is popularly known as South Korea. - ↑ Kyrgyzstan is also sometimes rendered as Kirghizia. - ↑ Macao is a Special administrative region of the People's Republic of China. It is diplomatically known as Macao, China. - ↑ Republic of Macedonia is referred to by UN and a number of countries and international organizations as the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia. - ↑ See also Transnistria. - ↑ See also Western Sahara. - ↑ Legally the Netherlands refers to the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, with the latter consisting of the Netherlands and two overseas countries, namely Aruba and the Netherlands Antilles. - ↑ The Palestinian territories are those portions of the former British Mandate of Palestine captured and administered by Jordan and Egypt in the late 1940s, and later by Israel following the 1967 Six-Day War. They include Gaza Strip and West Bank, both of which are now divded into 3 areas (Area A, Area B, and Area C) and 16 governorates under the jurisdiction of the Palestinian National Authority in accordance with the Oslo Accords. The permanent legal and political status of these places are subject to further negotiation between the government of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization. - ↑ See also Kosovo - under UN administration. - ↑ Somalia is presently fragmented with its Transitional National Government - ↑ Svalbard is an overseas territory of Norway recognized by international treaty. - ↑ The Republic of China (ROC) is a state commonly referred to as Taiwan. It is also diplomatically occasionally known as Chinese Taipei or other names. The ROC is no longer a United Nations member since late 1971 and regarded by UN as Taiwan, Province of China (see also One-China policy and Taiwan Province, People's Republic of China). It is currently recognized by 23 UN member states, including observer state the Holy See, and with de facto international relations with most others. The political status of the ROC and the legal status of Taiwan (alongside the territories currently under the ROC jurisdiction) are in dispute. The ROC should not be confused with the Republic of Taiwan proposed by supporters of Taiwan independence. - ↑ Western Sahara is a former Spanish colony which was in 1960s put on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories subject to decolonization. It is claimed by the Kingdom of Morocco which currently rules large portion of it, and the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) which exercises effective control over the area east of Moroccan Wall. SADR is a member of the African Union and the Asian-African Strategic Partnership formed at the 2005 Asian-African Conference. It is currently recognized by 46 UN member states but has never been admitted to UN itself. UN has attempted to hold a referendum through the mission United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (MINURSO), and is holding direct talks between Morocco and the Polisario Front (the ruling party of SADR). Despite these attempts, however, the legal and political status of Western Sahara remain unresolved. See also Legal status of Western Sahara. New World Encyclopedia writers and editors rewrote and completed the Wikipedia article in accordance with New World Encyclopedia standards. This article abides by terms of the Creative Commons CC-by-sa 3.0 License (CC-by-sa), which may be used and disseminated with proper attribution. Credit is due under the terms of this license that can reference both the New World Encyclopedia contributors and the selfless volunteer contributors of the Wikimedia Foundation. To cite this article click here for a list of acceptable citing formats.The history of earlier contributions by wikipedians is accessible to researchers here: Note: Some restrictions may apply to use of individual images which are separately licensed.
you are viewing WHITAKERS VARIETY BANDS Book a Variety Band to play, well, a variety of music at your event! Weddings, birthdays, corporate functions, and more. Search now from the top-rated Variety Bands out of the Whitakers, NC area. With GigMasters, you can forget the hassle and focus on the fun! Please note these Variety Bands will also travel to Battleboro, Enfield, Red Oak, Rocky Mount, Tillery, Hollister, Princeville, Tarboro, Leggett, Nashville, Speed, Scotland Neck, Hobgood, Sharpsburg, Halifax, Castalia, Elm City, Pinetops, Weldon, Macclesfield, Conetoe, Spring Hope, Roanoke Rapids, Garysburg, Jackson, Wilson, Lewiston, Gaston, Roxobel, Bunn
Restoring Indoor Health, One House at a Time January 01, 2004 The Opportunity Council first does no harm, and then tackles IAQ problems. Last winter, a couple with four small children called the Opportunity Council (OC), a tri-county, private nonprofit Community Action Agency in Bellingham,Washington, hoping to get some help with their high heating bills. They came in for an appointment with an OC staff member and went through the normal steps to determine their income eligibility and their potential level of energy weatherization assistance.The intake staff member also explained the benefits of the Weatherization Assistance program (WAP) as an effective, long-term solution to lower a household’s utility bills.The staff member then asked if the couple would be interested in participating. Yes, they were definitely interested. Because the OC has implemented a new program, called Weatherization Plus Health, the staff member asked the family some additional questions:How old was the house? Did anyone in the house have asthma or other respiratory problems? It turned out that the house was built in 1959, and two of the children and the father had been diagnosed with asthma. Later that month, those answers became important to the weatherization project coordinator as he prepared to assess the home for cost-effective ... To read complete online articles, you need to sign up for an Online Subscription. Once an order has been placed there is an automatic $10 processing fee that will be deducted with any cancellation. The Home Energy Online articles are for personal use only and may not be printed for distribution. For permission to reprint, please send an e-mail to email@example.com.
A university professor, at a well-known institution of higher learning,challenged his students with this question. "Did God create everything that exists?" A student bravely replied, "Yes, he did!" "God created everything?" The professor asked. "He certainly did," the student replied. The professor answered, "If God created everything, then God created evil. And, since evil exists and, according to the principal that our works define who we are, then we can assume God is evil." The student became quiet and did not answer the professor's hypothetical definition. The professor, quite pleased with himself, boasted to the students that he had proven once more that the Christian faith was a myth. Another student raised his hand and said, "May I ask you a question Professor?" "Of course", replied the Professor. The student stood up and asked, "Professor, does cold exist?" "What kind of question is this? Of course it exists. Have you never been cold?" The other students snickered at the young man's question. The young man replied, "In fact sir, cold does not exist. According to the laws of physics, what we consider cold is in reality the absence of heat.Every body or object is susceptible to study when it has or transmits energy, and heat is what makes a body or matter have or transmit energy. Absolute zero (-460F) is the total absence of heat; and all matter becomes inert and incapable of reaction at that temperature. Cold does not exist. We have created this word to describe how we feel if we have no heat." The student continued, "Professor, does darkness exist?" The Professor responded, "Of course it does." The student replied, "Once again you are wrong sir, darkness does not exist either. Darkness is in reality the absence of light. Light we can study, but not darkness. In fact, we can use Newton's prism to break white light into many colors and study the various wavelengths of each color. You cannot measure darkness. A simple ray of light can break into a world of darkness and illuminate it. How can you know how dark a certain space is? You measure the amount of light present. Isn't this correct? Darkness is a term used by man to describe what happens when there is no light present."Finally the young man asked the Professor, "Sir, does evil exist?" Now uncertain, the Professor responded, "Of course, as I have already said.We see it every day. It is in the daily examples of man's inhumanity to man. It is in the multitude of crime and violence everywhere in the world. These manifestations are nothing else but evil. To this the student replied, "Evil does not exist, sir, or at least it does not exist unto itself. Evil is simply the absence of God. It is just like darkness and cold, a word that man has created to describe the absence of God. God did not create evil. Evil is the result of what happens when man does not have God's love present in his heart. It's like the cold that comes when there is no heat, or the darkness that comes when there is no light." With that, the Professor sat down. The young man's name was Albert Einstein.
TOLL FREE: (800)247-5440 Recently added item(s) × You have no items in your shopping cart. Bring out the beauty in your photos with a stylish and unique SLATE ROCK Plaque! The natural beauty of rough cut slate makes the perfect canvas for your treasured images. Slate Rock Plaque Features: You can personalize this item for free Don't want your item personalized? Back to top
New Zealand's newest current affairs show barely got off the ground before the opinions began rolling in - not surprising given many had formed a view before the programme went to air. Seven Sharp began in the coveted 7pm time slot on TV One tonight, a replacing Mark Sainsbury's Close Up and going head-to-head with TV3's Campbell Live. The show, hosted by Ali Mau, Greg Boyed and Jesse Mulligan, is targeted at an interactive audience and aims to get people using its website and social media as they watched. As it went to air with a piece by former One News reporter Heather du Plessis-Allan behind the scenes at the Beehive, it seemed to already tick the "engagement box" - even if many of the comments were negative. A selection of tweets from viewers below give an idea of some of the reaction. Tweeter @kerynmac wrote "Is it me, or is #sevensharp just awkward? Forced jokes? Tick! Inane lists? Tick! Pointless polls? Tick!" @markmthomson was in a similar vein with, "@ONENewsNZ 10 minutes in, #sevensharp is inconceivably bad - illustrates why tvnz should be either defunded or sold." However, there were some positives: @blackdogdesign "@TVONENZ @hdpaNEWS is brilliant and could do the whole thing by herself #sevensharp" And: @LewStoddart with "Studio dynamics are ok. Heather's package was cool. Jesse's thing fell totally flat. #sevensharp" Some held their tongue a little longer than the first break such as @MahonriWilliams, who said" Still trying to figure #SevenSharp out. Too many jokes for this time slot. Hopefully there's a bit more substance in the next segment." Earlier today host Greg Boyed acknowledged there had already been criticism from some quarters, but said people needed to wait and see. "When they come on before the show they're not called reviews, they're called fortune telling," Boyed told TVNZ's Breakfast. "But the thing is, while they're been busy doing their job reviewing a show that hasn't started, we've been doing our job making the show, so it hasn't really bothered us too much." Producer Mauricio Olmedo-Perez wrote on the Seven Sharp blog that both the show and its website would evolve. "We've designed it so we can be as flexible as we can." What did you think of Seven Sharp? Post your opinion below:
Journal Selection Procedures Requests for new journals for the library collection are collected and then considered in August of each year, so that orders may be placed for the beginning of the subscription year in January. You may use this form to request a new journal. A spreadsheet is created and kept up to date as requests are received until August. During that year, these factors are gathered for each title requested: Requesters name, department affiliation and date requestedA sample journal issue is obtained from the publisher, in order to check the editorial boards as well as the subject content. Availability at Storrs and other libraries Cost of the journal and the start date of the journal How many interlibrary loan requests for articles from the journal Availability at the major document delivery suppliers Has the journal been indexed in the following :Index Medicus Science Citation Index In September, the completed spreadsheet is discussed in Library Council which includes all librarians. All factors listed above are considered in the review process. The list is submitted to the September Library Advisory Committee meeting for ordering decisions which must be made before October 1. On October 1, the new orders are sent to the subscriptions vendor to begin with the January issue. Many titles will be added to our Document Delivery service until usage can be asssessed. Search in the library catalog or in OneSearch to determine if a title has been made available via Document Delivery, electronically, or in print.
Travis Tritt hasn’t released new music in six years. But that doesn’t mean the multiplatinum-selling, GRAMMY-winning country star has been simply taking things easy. In fact, he’s been keeping quite busy. Throughout much of his career, which kicked off in the late 1980s, Tritt has been signed to some of Nashville’s biggest labels, including Warner Brothers and Columbia. But this year he took a different approach to releasing his music–he launched his own record label, Post Oak Recordings. The label is now home to his new album The Calm After…, which dropped July 9. One of the biggest-selling country artists of the 1990s, Tritt these days still spends much of his time on the road. He recently stopped by Radio.com to talk about his new album, how the business of music has changed, writing songs, and the power of music. Eleven of the 13 tracks on The Calm After… initially appeared on Tritt’s 2007 release The Storm, which was released by the independent label Category 5 Records. Due to legal and financial difficulties at Category 5, however, The Storm never received the attention Tritt hoped for. “The album really never got an opportunity to see the light of day,” Tritt told Radio.com in a recent interview (below). “I knew if I could get those masters back and re-release it on my own label that I could do something with it and give it an opportunity to see the light of day that it never had the opportunity to see before.” A dream of his for the past five years, Tritt finally was able to start his own record label, something the “T-R-O-U-B-L-E” and “Ten Feet Tall And Bulletproof” singer never thought would come to fruition when he started his recording career more than 25 years ago. “Things have changed so much in the marketing world that you can actually take the music directly to your audience without having to go through middle men,” he reflected. “It’s really thrilling for me to see how much things have changed just in the last six years since we released the project prior to that.” Once Tritt got the masters from The Storm, he began remastering the songs and added two cuts to the album–a cover of the classic Faces song “Stay With Me” and his current single, “Sometimes Love Just Ain’t Enough,” which features his daughter Tyler Reese Tritt. Tritt is a songwriter as well as a performing artist, and it’s a task he doesn’t take lightly. “Songs are a gift from God, and you just have to be smart enough to write them down when they come your way,” he advised. “Songwriting for me is one of the things that I enjoy probably as much or more than any other part of the business because of the creative side of it. I’ve had people come up to me all the time and say, ‘When you wrote this song or that song, you said all the things that I’ve been trying to say for a long time.’ That’s one of the greatest compliments as a songwriter you can ever possibly be paid.” Tritt has written many songs throughout his career but there’s one song in particular that means more to him than the rest: his 1991 hit “Anymore.” Written by Tritt and Jill Colucci in Nashville, “Anymore” was the second single from his triple-platinum album It’s All About To Change and his second No. 1 hit in the United States. Years later, he heard a story that forever changed the way he would view the song. A mother reached out to Tritt after her daughter was in an accident and was in a coma for nine months. The woman said her daughter was a big fan of Tritt’s prior to her accident, and that they would play his music for her in her hospital room. Every time they played his song “Anymore,” she would turn her head toward the music. “They were playing the song for her and all of a sudden she snapped out of a coma,” said Tritt. “How much my music had to do with that, I don’t know, but I know that all the doctors were saying that music is a very good thing. [It] is especially stimulating to someone who’s in that type of situation. Even in a comatose state they can respond to music like that.” Tritt eventually visited with the young woman in the hospital and said the whole story stunned him. “It really was a wake-up call to make me realize that music is so powerful, so much more powerful than those of us that create it really give credit for,” he said. “When you play a part in writing a song that has that kind of an effect on people it tends to make it become more near and dear to your heart.”
Arc is built on top of Racket. Since both of them are in the Lisp family, I am curious about the the advantage of Arc over Racket, or what is the motivation of creating Arc given that Racket is available? Writing your own language is, in a sense, empowering: you get to choose what primitives, what kinds of expressions, are convenient to write in that language. In that sense, you can look at a book like On Lisp and see that the core authors of Arc have a strong opinion on what kinds of things they'd like from a language. If I take your question and boil it down to the essentials, it sounds like this: why should people write domain-specific languages? (It's a separate question to consider whether the Arc folks should have re-implemented so many primitive facilities, such as their own macro and module systems, when there's already such mechanisms built into Racket. But the Arc authors are perfectly within their rights to re-invent.) I guess one of the objections I have to Arc is this: the way they've implemented the official runtime makes it difficult to reuse the work they've done back to plain Racket. In that sense, it's effort that helps only one community, whereas it would have been nice to be able to easily benefit from the work of the Arc folks. Racket is a Scheme dialect while Arc is not. They are both LISP dialects though. Arc reduces the amount of parenthesis and has some fancy built in syntax to make common stuff shorter in code size. examples: You may choose one over the other. Personally I like Arc syntax but not the fact that it is implemented as a interpreter. I wish they had implemented Arc as a Racket module language since then you could actually develope in drracket, debug and make executables. That might even allow making Racket libraries in Arc or vice versa. If you like to make compatible code you should be more strict and use R6RS/R5RS than using racket default language or arc since then you may have code that you can run on more than just racket. In racket you may choose R5RS or use the #!R6RS as the first line in the code to force the standard. In both cases the result will be able to run under other implementations/compilers.
A blindfolded roller skater, an aviatrix, gangsters disguised as chefs, a hostess with memory loss, a dashing film star, a glamorous showgirl, a handsome bridegroom, a bumbling best man, dancing servants and, of course, a drunken chaperone who takes her responsibilities "very seriously." Put them all together, add music and "The Drowsy Chaperone" comes to life, with commentary by Man in Chair. This parody of the American musical comedy of the 1920s is to appear on the Heidelberg University stage at 8 p.m. today through Saturday and 2 p.m. Sunday in Gundlach Theatre. Based on the book by Bob Martin and Don McKellar with music and lyrics by Lisa Lambert and Greg Morrison, "The Drowsy Chaperone" is a show within a show. PHOTO BY ROB LEDWEDGE Leigh Barthel, as Kitty, dances with Kyle Adam, as Man-in-Chair, in “The Drowsy Chaperone.” PHOTO BY ROB LEDWEDGE Darcianne Allen (right), as Janet Van de Graaff, looks on as the Drowsy Chaperone (Dakota Thorn) makes a point. The theater goes dark as Kyle Adam begins his Man-in-Chair narrative. He describes his favorite Jazz Age musical and bemoans the modern-day decline of the genre. The lights come up and the man decides to play the audience a recording from the show. Gradually, the live orchestra begins to play over the scratchy record as a chandelier is lowered and characters appear on the stage to recreate the original production. "The Drowsy Chaperone" features the many theatrical cliches typical of 1920s shows. The actors stop in tableau from time to time as the man shares his commentary on the music, story and actors. He even takes to the stage himself and joins the cast singing and dancing at various points. Heidelberg's production is being directed by Carol Dusdieker, assistant professor of voice, with musical direction by Paul Mayhew, assistant professor of chorus and music education. Greg Ramsdell, assistant professor of choral music education, is the piano accompanist. The story begins with Amy Berger as Mrs. Tottendale, bustling about singing "My Dress." She knows it is a special occasion but has forgotten what it is. Ryan Ladina as the Underling reminds her she is to host a wedding at her estate. The wedding party arrives with Tom Borham as the groom, Robert Martin, and AJ Lacefield as George, the best man. The flustered George has strings tied on every finger to remind him of his many responsibilities. The strings serve as foreshadowing of chaos to come. Two wedding guests are Ben Calvert as Feldzeig and Leigh Barthel as Kitty. They are show-business friends of the bride (Janet), who is leaving "The Follies" to marry Robert. The ditsy Kitty is anxious to take Janet's place in the show. Feldzeig is desperate to convince Janet to stay, especially after two gangsters, played by Jacob Woost and Tyler Maynard, show up disguised as "pastry chefs" and threaten him. It seems the show's financial backer is leaning on Feldzeig to stop the wedding and keep Janet as the star. Next, Jonathan Vestal as Aldolpho, sweeps into the hall. The reason for the presence of this Latin Casanova-type is never clearly explained - but who cares? Feldzeig persuades Aldolpho to prove his sexual prowess by seducing the bride. As they exit, the bride arrives. Darcianne Allen portrays the glamorous showgirl, Janet Van de Graaff, with the Drowsy Chaperone in tow. Dakota Thorn makes the most of her role as the tipsy chaperone more interested in the wedding "refreshments" than in the young woman she is supposed to keep away from the groom. Her main concern? "Where's the bar?" The sound of an engine overhead signals the arrival of Melissa Tippin as Trix the Aviatrix and Scott Cook as the superintendent. Trix has "dropped in" to check on the progress of the festivities, delivers a song, then dashes away with a promise to return. She has a small but pivotal role later in the show. Completing the cast in various roles are Sarah Bolen, Tess Gerber, Makenzie Dietrick, Kelly Devine and Adam Hoover. Memorable musical numbers punctuate the show. During "Cold Feet," the jittery Robert and George dance to relax a bit, when Underling interrupts the routine with a few fancy steps of his own. Then there is "I Don't Want to Show Off," in which Janet demonstrates some of her star-quality skills even as she purports to be giving them up forever. That leads her to question whether Robert loves her for real or for her glamour. When Janet seeks advice, the chaperone delivers "As We Stumble Along." The title describes the scene. Kitty's "mind reading" segment, the "spit-take" scene, the cooking metaphors and the skipping record are other points to note. One cannot omit Aldolpho's hilarious duets first with Feldzeig and then with the chaperone, which cannot be adequately described in words. They need to be seen and heard. "Toledo Surprise" involves the entire company, including Man in Chair. The joyous production number provides a contrast to the shocking line - "The wedding is off!" And all of this is only in Act I. The audience will appreciate the quick scene changes, glittery costumes, special effects and an energetic young cast. The show concludes with not one but three weddings, but this reporter is not saying who marries whom. As Man in Chair would say, "What more do you need for an evening's entertainment?" Suggested ticket price is $10 for adults and $5 for students with ID. For additional information, call the box office at (419) 448-2305.
Luxury Hotels: Since first opening back in 2005, Wynn Las Vegas has been a favorite among Las Vegas' well-heeled whalers, golf aficionados, and those discerning travelers who demand nothing but the best. While the luxury resort already boasts some of the finest guestrooms and suites on the strip, the property has recently undergone renovations to its entire collection of resort rooms and suites. The recently unveiled rooms, designed by Roger Thomas, Executive Vice President of Design for Wynn Design and Development, feature several upgrades, including rich new wallpaper, carpets, chairs, couches and lamps throughout. The renovation project encompasses all guestrooms and suites and is slated to continue through early 2011. Draped in natural light from floor-to-ceiling windows and accented by an array of contemporary furnishings and fabrics, the Resort Deluxe rooms offer a modern update to the Wynn's classic Resort Room. The beautifully appointed 640-square-foot Resort Deluxe is equipped with additional advance technologies, including remote controlled lighting, drapery and room service messaging. Resort guests have the option of selecting either one king bed or two double beds, and depending on preference, can choose a room overlooking either the resort's own 19-hole golf course or the Las Vegas strip, or better yet, a corner room, which offers a panoramic view of both. "Wynn has been open for just over five years, and we felt it was time to do more than just refresh the rooms, but to really give them a completely different feel," said Wynn Las Vegas and Encore President Andrew Pascal. "The new rooms are fresh and crisp and light; they are incredibly uplifting." In her role as managing editor, Christina has developed a keen eye for all things luxury and is considered by many to be an expert within her field. Christina has covered a wide range of luxury lifestyle topics and finds passion in international travel, fast cars, and fabulous handbags. She graduated from San Diego State University in 2005 with a degree in both journalism and English. While attend...(Read More)
No, there won't be much they can do with the pinched nerves. I'm lucky in that they don't really cause much back pain at all. The result of them is all in my lower legs..tingling, numbness, hot and cold, less flexibility in my feet. The weirdest thing is the hot/cold...I can have one foot extremely hot and the other icy cold. Or half my foot hot and the other half cold. So bizarre! I've still got some more doctor stuff so we'll see what else they find.
AutoHybrid gives you simultaneous send and receive audio through analog telephone lines. Not just another half duplex auto-coupler, this is a full duplex AutoHybrid. Yes, you can send and receive audio at the same time. The dual transformer hybrid is capable of 20 dB nominal trans-hybrid loss. In other words, your transmit signal will appear mixed with the receive signal, but at a level 20 dB lower than it was sent into the phone line. The "Auto" feature is very simple. When the "Auto" switch is
Sony's refresh of its Alpha range continues with the brand new Sony Alpha A37. The replacement for last year's A35 model, the A37 further strengthens Sony's SLT (Single Lens Translucent) lineup and shows the company's ongoing investment in the technology. The Alpha A37 is the entry-level SLT model, its main focus is on fast shooting but at an affordable price. It looks and feels much the same as its predecessor, though the screen size has shrunk from 3-inches to 2.7-inches, and drops from a 921k-dot to 230k-dot resolution, but it gains the benefit of being mounted on a tilt-angle bracket to move the screen up or down for more unusual shooting positions. The 16.2-megapixel sensor is now able to shoot from ISO 100-16,000 - increasing half a stop of sensitivity at the top end compared to its predecessor. As per the recently announced Sony A57 camera, the A37 takes advantage of Auto Portrait Framing - a mode designed to auto-crop your shots. It works well sometimes, but can crop in at undesirable places. More gimmick than great. Elsewhere it's very much business as usual. The 5.5fps burst shooting mode can snap away at an improved 7fps when in the Tele-zoom Continuous Advance Priority AE mode, making it extremely fast for the money. There's sensor-based image stabilisation, 1080p HD movie capture and a 15-point (three cross type sensors) autofocus system. The main reason for the camera's fast burst speed is the SLT design - as the mirror is translucent it needn't move out of the way to expose the sensor. The result? Light can simultaneously reach both the sensor and phase detection autofocus system for non-stop focusing. It's impressive stuff for both stills and movie capture. However because of the design the camera inherits an electronic viewfinder, not a traditional optical one. Some will love it, some won't - it's down to personal taste. We think it's rather cool, and the "what you see is what you get" 100 per cent field of view makes it stand out above other entry-level DSLR cameras. The 1440k-dot resolution also trumps its predecessor and makes for detailed viewing. But it does seem to be a case of pinching resolution from the rear LCD and squeezing it into the viewfinder however. But you can't win at everything, right? Anticipated to launch for around £500-530, the A37 is a tempting prospect on the value front. We'll be reviewing a final sample model in due course. Keep your eyes peeled. SLT or DSLR? Does Sony's tech win your vote?
S. pyramidalis is considered a major problem in Australia because it reduces the productivity of native and introduced pastures, and the profitability of industries dependent on grazing animals. It has low palatability and is difficult for stock to graze due to the fibrous nature of its leaf blades. Therefore companion plants are preferentially grazed and S. pyramidalis becomes tall and rank. Over time, if plants are not controlled, they increase in number until almost pure stands of this undesirable grass result. Current control methods are centred on herbicide application and replacement of existing pasture species with more competitive species because little objective ecological information is available. The studies outlined in this thesis were conducted to identify the key ecological characteristics of S. pyramidalis seed that contribute to its success, and those ecological characteristics which may be exploited by land managers to control and reduce the impacts of this grass. Laboratory, glasshouse and field experiments were conducted between 1996 and 1999 to identify these ecological characteristics. Information from this research will be used to improve existing management strategies so that S. pyramidalis will be effectively managed. Stands of S. pyramidalis are generally characterised by large (780 to 7650 seeds/m2), persistent (3 to 8 years), viable soil seed banks and high seed production (1885 to 85420 seed/m2, 210 to 570 seeds/inflorescence) depending on plant density and rainfall. New seed and seedlings can be produced at any time of the year given adequate soil moisture and suitable temperatures, with the viability of fresh seed generally above 90 %. Seed falls within a 3 m radius from mature plants indicating the usefulness of buffer strips as a containment measure. Application of glyphosate or desiccation of seeds of S. pyramidalis at four days after anther appearance when they are at early milk stage reduces the viability of seeds produced to less that 5 %. The seed does not have a burial mechanism, therefore in undisturbed areas more than 50 % and 70 % of the viable seed bank is located in the litter to a depth of 5 mm and in the top centimetre of soil respectively. No more than 8 % of the viable seed bank is located below a depth of 25 mm. The effective maximum emergence depth of 20 to 30 mm is not significantly affected by soil type. Seed germination of S. pyramidalis is increased by temperature fluctuations in light, green light and darkness, with the greatest response occurring in light. However, as the effects of innate dormancy become negligible (4-6 months) the requirement for both fluctuating temperatures and light is reduced with significant levels of germination occurring in darkness with constant temperatures ranging from 15 to 45 °C. Seed populations which have seed with a range of responses to light and temperature enjoy an ecological advantage, as seeds are able to germinate over a range of environmental conditions. This suggests that, once aged seed is present, a small percentage of the seed bank will be able to germinate in poor light conditions such as in pastures with high levels of vegetation cover, or at depths where temperature and light fluctuations are significantly reduced. S. pyramidalis seedlings are able to emerge when soil moisture levels are at wilting point, although soil moisture must be at or above wilting point for at least four days for emergence to occur during the warm season. These soil moisture levels are much lower than those required for emergence of seedlings of either Heteropogon contortus or Dichanthium sericeum. These are important native grasses in Queensland in regions where S. pyramidalis is well adapted. Seedling emergence is negligible in undisturbed, burnt and mown plots, while significant emergence occurs only where competition is reduced and light and temperature are increased by herbicide application and cultivation. The time to 50 % germination for H. contortus, D. sericeum, Chloris gayana cv. Callide, Digitaria milanjiana cv. Jarra and Dichanthium. aristatum cv Floren is at least as fast as that of S. pyramidalis which took four days. S. pyramidalis is relatively tolerant of saline conditions; with time to first germination not affected until electrical conductivity (EC) reaches 20800 µs/cm, while time to 50 % germination increases significantly once EC reaches 7000 µs/cm. No germination occurs when EC reaches 44700 µs/cm while total germination after 15 days only declines significantly when EC is greater than 25300 µs/cm. H. contortus has similar salt tolerance to S. pyramidalis during the germination and emergence growth phases. D. aristatum cv. Floren, D. sericium, and Bothriochloa. insculpta cv. Bissett are all more sensitive to salt during these growth phases than either S. pyramidalis or H. contortus. Seed viability, soil seed bank viability and seedling survival are significantly affected by the dry heat of fire. Seed viability is reduced to zero when seeds are subjected to dry heat at/or greater than 125 ˚C for as little as 15 s duration, and viable seed banks are reduced by up to 50 % when subject to the heat generated by a relatively hot fire. Seedlings of S. pyramidalis are relatively fire tolerant although significant mortality can occur when seedlings are burnt when severely wilted. Fires with large fuel loads (7140 kg/ha) can kill all but a few of the oldest (15 weeks) wilted plants, while wilted plants as young as five weeks (15 cm high, base diameter 0.5 cm) can survive when burnt with 1790 kg/ha of fuel. A similar pattern of plant survival occurs with plants that are not wilted 0resh) at the time of burning, only with more plants surviving at higher fuel loads and younger ages. Fresh plants as young as seven weeks (30 cm high, base diameter 1 cm) can survive burning with 7140 kg/ha of fuel while one week old plants (first leaf) can survive burning with 3570 kg/ha of fuel. All 15 week old fresh plants (105 cm high, base diameter 2 cm) can survive burning regardless of fuel load. S. pyramidalis seedlings (aged 4-26 days after sowing) are more tolerant of severe moisture stress than similarly aged seedlings of D. sericeum and H. contortus. No seedlings of D. sericeum survived in soil at wilting point for more than seven days while seedlings of H. contortus did not survive more than 14 days in soil at wilting point. Seedlings of S. pyramidalis can survive in soil at wilting point for 112 days. Seedlings appeared dead prior to re-watering except at seven days without water when surviving plants were extremely wilted, but continued to grow as normal apart from some necrosis of leaf margins. With surviving S. pyramidalis seedlings, the exposed part of the plant was necrotic. New growth occurred by the continuation of leaf extension so that leaves had a necrotic section at the end, with new leaves emerging from the crown of the plant. The research reported in the thesis identifies the production of large amounts of viable seed; long lived soil seed banks; seed germination in a wide range of temperature, light and moisture regimes; an high degree of tolerance of moisture stress during the seedling stage; tolerance of seedlings to fire; salt tolerance during seed germination; and seeds becoming viable within a few days after pollination as key attributes of S. pyramidalis contributing to its success in Australia. Several attributes which may be perceived as weaknesses include relatively slow germination and emergence, seed susceptible to death caused by dry heat such as that caused by fire, and natural seed fall close to the parent plant. The main effects of management are to change the amount of plant cover/competition (fire, slashing, grazing, chemicals, cultivation, species replacement), disturb soil at various intensities (cultivation, grazing), and directly kill plants or seed (fire, cultivation, chemicals). In ecological terms, each of these impacts alters the light, temperature or moisture conditions which enhance or inhibit seed germination and emergence, prevent or promote seed production and change the balance of plant competition. Management must use these options to reduce the viable seed bank to negligible levels and prevent its replenishment if effective control is to be achieved. Development of grazing management strategies for S. pyramidalis infested areas to maintain productivity is an area that needs considerable research. Herbicide use is constrained by a lack of cost effective selective herbicides. The integration of grazing management, strategic herbicide use and perhaps strategic burning currently offers the greatest potential for improving the management of S. pyramidalis. The continual improvement of current management strategies is critical to the success of any weed control activities. Perhaps the greatest challenge is the transfer of developed technologies to land managers, so that it becomes part of everyday management of S. pyramidalis.
I also cleaned the throttle body and upper intake manifold when I was cleaning the EGR valve. It comes off with 4 bolts and then you have to remove the coolant lines. You can see the before and after. There is a fair amount of carbon build up and then I wiped it down with carb cleaner and then moved on to spraying the intake manifold. I thought I had taken pictures of it cleaned but I can not find them. The removal and installation was fairly easy.
The blouse pattern is a semi fitted tunic with front and back gathered into band collar. The front buttoned band forms a pleat. The full length sleeves have elasticized wrists. I always choose raglan sleeves for fast sewing projects andam then reminded that they are not a flattering style for my small shoulders. Ah well. Once the blouse was done and I had worn it with my magenta wool pants, I wondered what else I could wear it with. Black pants certainly and possible a black skirt, if I had one. A black skirt is a versatile wardrobe basic, but they always remind always me of the black skirts I had to wear for girls’ chorus and waitressing jobs in my youth. Leather and fabric is big this year, so I decided to do a black skirt using the black leather and fabric in my stash. The pattern is Burda skirt pattern 103 from 5 2006. It is a basic straight skirt with contour waist band and center front seam with kick pleat. The interesting bit is the “side seams” are S-curves. Because of the odd pattern pieces and darts, I made a muslin of the skirt out of a mid weight cotton to test the fit. The fit was good except my high hip caused the center front seam to hang off vertical. This was easily fixed by adding 5/8 inch to the top of the skirt on the high hip side. Some construction details: I marked the darts on the back of the leather with chalk |darts marked on leather with chalk| and I used an iron-on woven stay tape to stabilize all seams on the leather pieces. |Fusible woven stay tape on seams of leather| Yes, you can iron leather. Test on a sample to determine the best heat setting, and if steam is any benefit. The thread used for construction and top stitching was Coats and Clark poly thread. The needle, a size 12/70 Top Stitching. Darts, hems and non top stitched seams in the leather were glued flat with a glue that dries flexible and is designed for porous surfaces. I used leather adhesive, but SOBO or rubber cement can also be used. The original skirt had zippers the entire length of each curved side seam. A 20 inch one from back hem to just below the pocket on the front, and a short zipper from waist to the bottom of in-seam pocket. Talk about air conditioning, No way on the whole seam zipper, but I did mentally dither over adding the in seam pockets with zipper openings because of the unfamiliar insertion process and hand sewing required. And the uncertain success of top stitching through 2 layers of leather and the zipper tape. In the end I knew I would be unsatisfied with the skirt if I did not put in the pockets, so one weekend I just did it. I sewed the seams together, basted the zipper to the seam allowances, top stitched 1/4 inch from seam on both the leather and fabric through the zipper tape. |Zipper basted to seam allowance| |Top stitching with Teflon foot| Sewed the pocket facing to the zipper tape on the lower side, and the pocket lining to the upper zipper tape by hand , and then sewed around the outside edges of the pocket by machine. |pocket facing slip stitched to zipper tape| |Curved Hip dart|
My first sip of this and not quite sure what to make of it. I certainly love it better than the first Nepal black tea I ever had (from david´s tea, a Angrboda sample). This is just smoother, more elegant. But either Nepalese black tea is so different from the teas I usually have I am a bit baffled by them and can´t really judge yet. But will drink my cup with pleasure! And finish that David´s Tea sample (but for once, the one I had before is not the winner. This Shangri La is just better even to newbies like me). I get the woody and hazelnut notes from the official description – as well as something raisin-esque. Very smooth with just a hint of astringency which IMO is part of the charm.
Services on Demand Revista Brasileira de Otorrinolaringologia Print version ISSN 0034-7299 SANCHEZ, Maura Ligia et al. Auditory processing assessment in older people with no report of hearing disability. Rev. Bras. Otorrinolaringol. [online]. 2008, vol.74, n.6, pp.896-902. ISSN 0034-7299. http://dx.doi.org/10.1590/S0034-72992008000600013. In the elderly, the results of central auditory pathways behavioral assessments are considered to be difficult to read because of the possible interference of peripheral auditory pathway involvement. AIM: Assess the efficacy of the central auditory function in elderly patients who do not complain of hearing. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Case study involving 40 individuals within the age range of 60 to 75 years. The patients underwent auditory processing evaluation based on anamnesis, otorhinolaryngological exam, threshold tonal audiometry, speech recognition threshold, speech recognition index, immittance measures, stapes reflex study, synthetic phrases identification test with ipsilateral competitive message, frequency pattern test and alternate twin-syllable test through dichotic task; age range and hearing loss influenced results from the phrases identification with ipsilateral competitive message. Percentages of right answers below normal standards were seen in the three tests that assessed the central auditory functions. CONCLUSION: Elderly individuals who did not complain of hearing presented relevant prevalence of signs of central auditory function inefficiencies. Keywords : central auditory diseases; elderly; auditory perceptual disorders; auditory pathways.
Art & Literature - Don Share and Scott Zieher FREE - Doors open at 5:30 p.m. A free-wheeling conversation between two lively poets – Don Share the editor of Poetry magazine in Chicago, and Scott Zieher artist/poet and the co-owner of ZieherSmith, a contemporary art gallery in New York City. They explore art and poetry together by discussing critical questions about the relationship between word and image, the crafted and the found, seeing and saying. The discussion is moderated by Arézoo Moseni. What strikes a reader first encountering Don Share's work is the electric energy of his lines, their contemporary music and movement. Reading Wishbone, Share's third book of poems, is akin to picking up the one clear station still transmitting, the frenetic static of the world replaced by a strong signal broadcast. Share's poems are contrapuntal ripostes to the Babel of the present, a voice not above the noise, but speaking from its midst in a self-possessed language that muscles a new way into meaning. The poems take place in America's backyards and byways, intensive care rooms and airports, haunted by fathers and Fathers, informed by philosophy, the Judeo-Christian tradition, and pop culture. Don Share is Senior Editor of Poetry magazine. His books include Squandermania (Salt Publishing), Union (Zoo Press), Seneca in English (Penguin Classics), and most recently a new book of poems, Wishbone (Black Sparrow), and Bunting’s Persia (Flood Editions), which explores the British poet Basil Bunting’s time in the Middle East; Share has also edited a critical edition of Bunting’s work for Faber and Faber. His translations of Miguel Hernández, collected in I Have Lots of Heart (Bloodaxe Books) were awarded the Times Literary Supplement Translation Prize, the Premio Valle Inclán, and P.E.N./New England Discovery Award. He has been Poetry Editor of Harvard Review and Partisan Review, Editor of Literary Imagination, and curator of poetry at Harvard University. With Christian Wiman, he co-hosts the monthly Poetry magazine podcast and has co-edited The Open Door: One Hundred Poems, One Hundred Years of Poetry Magazine (University of Chicago Press). Scott Zieher’s GENTRY (Emergency Press, February 2012) is his third book length poem since 2005. With a skeleton of quotes from the poet’s collection of the entire run of the mid-50’s men’s magazine GENTRY, Zieher fleshes out a portrait of anachronistic New York masculinity via the language and imagery provided by both the magazine’s outmoded bravado and a contemporary flâneur’s approach to the city that never sleeps. With THE PORNOGRAPHERS (Jaded Ibis Press, February 2012, in collaboration with Christopher Grimes) Zieher’s collages coincide and collide with a riveting single-sentence novel, featuring nearly 200 of his original new artworks and serving as a thorough introduction to the poet’s forays in the plastic arts. Scott Zieher won the 2004 Emergency Press book contest for his book-length poem, VIRGA. His second book-length poem, IMPATIENCE was published by Emergency Press in 2009 and in February 2010, powerHouse Books published BAND OF BIKERS, a widely praised collection of found photographs from 1972 with an essay by the poet. Zieher’s recent written work has appeared in The Believer, Jubilat, KNOCK and The Iowa Review. Born in Waukesha, Wisconsin, he received his MFA in poetry from Columbia University in 1996 and won the 2009 University of Wisconsin at Waukesha Outstanding Alumni Award. He is co-owner of the contemporary art gallery ZieherSmith, established in 2003, with his wife Andrea, representing an international group of emerging artists in all media. They live in Manhattan with their son, Tennessee, and dog, Robert. Conceived and organized by Arézoo Moseni, Art and Literature series events bring forth pollinations across the literary and visual arts with readings and discussions by acclaimed artists and authors.
HARRISBURG - The base salary for state lawmakers will automatically increase 2.2 percent to $83,802 effective Dec. 1 and a number of lawmakers representing Lackawanna and Luzerne counties said they won't accept it. Many have not taken the pay raise since the recession hit. The hard economic times and high unemployment rates in Northeastern Pennsylvania resulting from the national recession that started in 2008 are cited by several lawmakers as reason for forgoing a salary hike in 2013. "Our area has the highest unemployment rate in the state," Kevin Haggerty, a Dunmore Democrat elected to the state House, said Tuesday. He plans to return the amount to the state Treasury. "In the midst of an ailing economy, families in the 117th Legislative District and across Pennsylvania have had their pay reduced or frozen," said Rep. Karen Boback, R-Harveys Lake. "I have always returned the money to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and this year is no exception." Lawmakers will need to take a proactive step in the weeks ahead if they want to avoid the cost-of-living adjustment pay raise, either by writing a refund check to the state Treasury sometimes on a monthly or quarterly basis or by giving the amount to a charity. The annual automatic hike, pegged to a percentage increase of 2.2 percent in the U.S. Consumer Price Index in the Philadelphia metro region which reflects inflation, is provided under a 1995 state law. This increases the base salary for the 203 House members and 50 senators from the current $82,026 to $83,802 during 2013. That amount will translate to $147 in extra pay a month and $1,775 for the year, said Stephen Miskin, spokesman for House Majority Leader Mike Turzai, R-Pittsburgh. Legislative leaders earn a range of $10,000 to $47,000 in additional salary above the base amount. Among area lawmakers, Rep. Sid Michaels Kavulich, D-Taylor, and Sen. John Yudichak, D-Plymouth Township, sponsored bills to repeal the COLA, but they saw no action this session. Kavulich plans to refund the amount to Treasury keeping his salary at the same level when he took office. Yudichak said he plans to donate the extra amount to public libraries and to United Way organizations in the Wyoming Valley, Greater Hazleton and Carbon County areas. Sen. Lisa Baker, R-Lehman Township, said she supports a suspension of legislative pay increases. She plans to contribute the amount to the United Way. Reps. Eddie Day Pashinski, D-Wilkes-Barre, and Mike Carroll, D-Hughestown, plan to make refunds to Treasury. Rep. Gerald Mullery, D-Newport Township, plans to make a refund to Treasury and keep his salary at the same level when he entered office. Efforts to reach Reps. Tarah Toohil, R-Butler Township, and Phyllis Mundy, D-Kingston, were unsuccessful. Top state officials, including the governor, and state and county judges are also slated to receive the 2.2 percent increase effective Jan. 1. Gov. Tom Corbett plans to keep his salary at the $175,000 level set when he took office in 2011 instead of accepting an $187,000 salary, a spokesman said. The 2013 salary levels for the judiciary will range from $86,639 for district magistrates; $173,271 for county judges; $188,000 for state Superior and Commonwealth Court judges; $199,606 for Supreme Court justices and $205,415 for the Supreme Court chief justice.
Police in Greece have fired tear gas at anti-European Union protesters in central Athens. Demonstrators tried to break the police cordon and storm a building where the bloc's leaders have gathered. They are attending the opening ceremony of Greece's six-month presidency of the EU. Left and right-wing opposition groups called for demonstrations, despite a police ban on protests. Al Jazeera's John Psaropoulos reports from Athens. Source: Al Jazeera
Fleetwood Mac Tickets Countdown 07 Feb 2013 Fleetwood Mac tickets for the band’s highly anticipated comeback shows are high in demand! The tour in celebration of the 35th anniversary of their landmark album Rumours, are expected to get snapped up by fans in record time when tickets go on sale on Friday. Fleetwood Mac make their live return this year. The lineup of Fleetwood Mac’s most successful era, Stevie Nicks, Lindsey Buckingham, John McVie and founding member Mick Fleetwood have announced a series of UK arena concerts in September and October. The tour, in time for the band’s 35th anniversary of their most successful album Rumours, launches in the US in June with 13 arena concerts before arriving in Europelater in the summer. The band has so far confirmed four live shows for the UK. London The O2 (24th Sept.) Birmingham LG Arena (29th Sept.) Manchester Arena, (1st Oct) Glasgow The Hydro (3rd Oct.) Demand for Fleetwood Mac tickets is going through the roof. Tickets for the UK shows are currently on pre-sale and go on general on sale on Friday, 8th February 2013. Mick Fleetwood and Lindsey Buckingham have revealed the band has written a batch of new songs that the band is considering to perform live on their forthcoming tour. The Rumours hitmaker also explained that the new songs could potentially be released as a new Fleetwood Mac album. A new album would mark Fleetwood Mac’s first album since 2003’s Say You Will album.
Parcells receives Hall ring Published 9:19 pm, Sunday, September 15, 2013 East Rutherford, N.J. Wearing his gold Hall of Fame jacket and with his Canton-bound bronze bust in front of him, the 72-year-old Parcells said it has been "a great life for me in the NFL." "At my age, I have a little more sensitivity and appreciation for the history of the game," Parcells said, telling the sellout crowd at MetLife Stadium that the best thing for him was to be able to work in his own backyard with the team he grew up rooting for. Parcells was elected to the Hall this year and inducted last month. Parcells led the Giants to the 1986 and 1990 NFL championships, and also took the New England Patriots to the 1997 Super Bowl, a loss to Green Bay. He coached the Jets and Cowboys, too, before retiring in 2006 — although he worked in the Dolphins' front office for several seasons after that. "Thank you for bringing championship football back to the New York Giants," Carson said before Parcells was given his ring. Leaving the field after the ceremony, Parcells stopped to hug Giants tight ends coach Mike Pope and current head coach Tom Coughlin. Pope was a member of Parcells' staff for the Super Bowl wins in 1987 and '91, while Coughlin was a receivers coach on the second one.
Garcia Named Dean of UVM's College of Engineering and Mathematical Sciences - By Jeffrey R. Wakefield The University of Vermont announced today that Luis Garcia has been named dean of the College of Engineering and Mathematical Sciences. Garcia also will be named the Barrett Foundation Professor in the college. He begins work at UVM on Aug. 15. Garcia, a highly accomplished administrator and researcher, is currently head of the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Colorado State University, a position he has held since 2005, and is a professor in the department. Garcia joined the Colorado State University faculty in 1991. Garcia also created the Integrated Decision Support Group in Colorado State’s Water Center and served as the group’s director throughout his tenure at the university. The mission of the Integrated Decision Support Group is to combine advanced modeling techniques with software engineering to guide organizational decision-making, mainly related to water resources issues. Garcia has been the principal investigator or co-principal investigator on more than 95 funded projects with total funding of over $12 million and the single principal investigator on more than 70 projects with a total funding of over $6 million. Garcia also served as associate director of the Colorado Agricultural Experiment Station for five years, a position that allowed him to become familiar with the broad breadth of research that is conducted at Colorado State. “Dr. Garcia is a terrific match for UVM,” said UVM President Tom Sullivan. “He embodies the kind of teacher-scholar we prize at UVM and seek to recruit to our faculty. He has also shown strong leadership ability in a variety of settings, a key attribute as we continue to enhance and build STEM education and research at UVM. Garcia received strong support throughout all his public interviews on campus from a large number of constituent groups. His research focus on water systems and the environment also fits well with the university’s and the state’s priorities.” “I am very excited about joining UVM and the opportunity to work with an outstanding academic community and group of individuals," said Garcia. "I very much look forward to joining the College of Engineering and Mathematical Sciences and working closely with all members of the college, alumni and friends to continue to increase its national and international impact.” Garcia is an expert in calculations of evapotranspiration (ET), the return of water vapor to the atmosphere by evaporation from land and water surfaces and plant sources; in remote sensing of ET; and in spatial analysis in natural systems, specifically in applications for water resources and irrigation and drainage.
The Waste King company, a household and commercial name in garbage disposers since 1946, was acquired in 1994 with the purchase of Waste King from Masco Corp. Waste King was the first complete line of garbage disposers selling to the residential and commercial markets. Waste King has become a trusted name through it's history and national network of plumbing wholesalers, retail outlets and restaurant and hotel equipment dealers. Waste King Warranties are the Best and Longest in the Industry - Dare to Compare! Their In-Home Service warranties cover all replacement parts and repair labor to correct defects in material and workmanship for the full term of the warranty from the date of purchase. If service is requested during the warranty period, they will replace or repair the disposer in the customer's home at no charge. This kind of warranty demonstrates their commitment to quality. Waste King motors produce 30% more torque (twisting power) and power than the competition and virtually eliminate jams! To avoid food jams with a disposer, choose a model that has greater torque and does not have auto reverse. Disposers get stuck and jam because they don't have sufficient twist power and therefore they use an auto reverse mechanism to prevent the jamming. Disposers that don't jam... don't have an auto reverse feature! Waste King disposers are Eco-Friendly and sanitizes your kitchen! Today, removing the food scraps into the garbage disposer and down the drain with the cold water running, is one of the most sanitizing and Eco-Friendly things that you can do. It simplifies cleanup after the meal. Food scraps can be rinsed off the plate into the disposer, right at the sink. Food waste is then flushed down the drain and since food has been eliminated, there is no bad odor in the waste bin that can attract mice, flies, and insects. It also decreases the amount of garbage that you need to bag and that means you have done your part for the environment. There will be less waste at the local landfill site. Stainless Steel and Celcon Cast Stainless Steel Glass Filled Nylon Corrosion Proof Glass Filled Polyester Permanently Lubricated; Sleeve Type Manual Reset Type Dimensions and Weights LIFETIME In-Home Service Warranty - High-speed 2800 RPM permanent magnet motor produces more power per pound - Stainless steel, rust free grinding components - Fast and easy mount system provides a no hassle installation - Removable splash guard is included - Safe for properly sized septic tanks - Sound insulated for quiet operation - Longest warranties in the industry demonstrate commitment to quality
Halloween gives us an opportunity to use makeup to become an entirely new person - a creative expression of the abnormal, bizarre, or even beautiful. M∙A∙C excels when it comes to providing ideas and the theatrical shades you'll need to create your own fantasy. The photo here came from a M∙A∙C look for Halloween, published a few years ago. Becoming Hibiscus Woman is Halloween fun I could enjoy! As I look back, I'm not sure why this week was crazy-busy. There's a lot going on at my house. I still haven't been able to get Charlie's screened porch fixed, so he's become insufferable as he walks around bemoaning the fact that he's grounded to the confines of a house without birds, squirrels, and mice to watch. I'm trying to clean in my spare time, and there's precious little of that. Work has been frantic-busy, distinguished from normal-busy by my Type A desire to have no backlogs. This will be a welcome weekend for rest. I'm looking forward to getting blog photos too, since my daylight hours after work are waning, soon to disappear entirely. It's still Friday, though, so it's time for The Friday Forum. We use the forum to share information and chat. Are you using a fabulous product and want to sing its praises? Did you find a beauty product disappointing? Do you have a question others might be able to answer? Want to talk about skin care? Just use the comments. Don't be shy. Just make sure to ask any question you might have over the weekend. By Monday, most readers have moved on. We have busy weekends and slow ones on the forum. Last week, we had a great exchange. I'm always happy if even one reader stops by. Leave a comment, and say hello - even if you don't want to comment on beauty products. As I always do, I'll leave news of some great beauty offers (great, not just good) in the comments of this post. If you want to know where to find nice gifts with purchase, free shipping, and other deals this weekend, make sure to check the comments. Thanks for reading Best Things in Beauty! Got anything you want to talk about? Are you dressing up for a Halloween party? P.S. I got an unsubscribe notice today - not unusual. I never know why people subscribe or unsubscribe. I'd love to know if I'm doing something that doesn't capture your interest - ever. Fortunately, I get more subscription hello's than bye-bye's. By the way, you have to verify your e-mail subscription with Google. If you sign up, the link Google will send you is legit. Click on it, and you will be verified. Even though it's an extra step, it's for everyone's protection. An amazing number of people subscribe, but never verify (small, but still amazing to me). I assume those subscribers never get my e-mails because they didn't verify.
If you own an HP MediaSmart television, you can now download a firmware update that brings the Media Center support you've been waiting for. Go for, rejoice, etc. HP Upgrades the Digital Entertainment Experience with Industry's First Integration of HDTVs and Media Center Extender PALO ALTO, Calif., April 17, 2008 - HP today announced it is the first company to release Microsoft's Media Center Extender capability to an Internet-connected TV. With the capability, people using HP MediaSmart TVs not only get access to rich content from the Internet(1) but they also can enjoy their own digital treasures from their home PCs on a big screen high-definition TV (HDTV). Extender for Windows® Media Center enables MediaSmart TV owners using PCs with Windows Vista(TM) Home Premium or Ultimate to go beyond simply watching TV to enjoy pictures, music, videos as well as a world of online services and on-demand TV.(2) The capability will be included on all new HP MediaSmart TVs and provided automatically to owners of second-generation MediaSmart TVs. Extender for Windows Media Center also will be included in HP's upcoming digital media receiver - the MediaSmart Connect - which is planned to be released later this year and will make any HDTV "MediaSmart." HP MediaSmart TVs combine 1,080p clarity and advanced wireless technology to provide a stunning, high-definition(3) LCD TV experience for viewing photos, listening to music or watching video on demand. MediaSmart TVs find digital media whether it is stored on a notebook across the room or a desktop in a home office(4) and brings it together in the MediaSmart TV interface for playback using a TV remote control. Additionally, using HP's MediaSmart interface, consumers can rent or purchase thousands of movies from CinemaNow, share and purchase photos from Snapfish, discover new Internet radio stations from Live365, or access personal content from multiple Windows XP or Windows Vista-based PCs or devices such as the HP MediaSmart Server or HP Media Vault. "Consumers everywhere want new ways to discover, enjoy and share digital entertainment and HP is making this opportunity real," said Carlos Montalvo, vice president of marketing and services, Connected Entertainment Business, HP. "With the ability to use a premium HDTV to easily access on-demand web and personal media from any PC in the home, there's never been a more fun time to hang out in the living room with friends and family." Since Extender for Windows Media Center is built into HP MediaSmart TVs, there is no need to hook a PC up to the TV: The TV brings the content from Windows Media Center over a wired or wireless network directly to the screen. It also brings a bevy of new content from movie services such as Starz, Vongo and MovieLink and up-to-the-minute sports information from FOX Sports. Windows Media Center also features the Internet TV Beta, which brings more than 100 hours of video from MSN, including new shows from providers such as: A&E, Bio, CNBC, DIY, Fine Living, Food Network, FOX Sports, Happy Tree Friends, HGTV, History Channel, iFilm, JibJab, MSNBC, National Geographic, NBC News and StupidVideos. "As the first manufacturer to integrate Extender for Windows Media Center into a TV, HP is leading the way in whole-home digital entertainment powered by Windows Media Center," said Ron Pessner, general manager, Connected TV division, Microsoft. "Consumers can easily enjoy movies, music, pictures, online services or even live and recorded TV by using a remote control with the Windows Media Center user interface." HP MediaSmart TVs offer three HDMI ports, wired and wireless (802.11 A, B, G(5) and dual-band draft N)(6) network connectivity and support for other UPnP- and DLNA-compliant devices. Making it easy for the whole family to enjoy photos and videos together in front of a big-screen TV, HP MediaSmart TVs support a wide range of video and audio formats, including: JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF and PNG; MPEG, XVID, DVR-MS, WMV and AVI; MP3, WMA, WMA Pro and AAC (unprotected). The firmware upgrade is now available directly on Internet-connected HP MediaSmart TV model numbers SL4278N and SL4778N. Windows Media Center is available on Windows Vista Home Premium and Ultimate-based PCs.
A while ago, I posted on Facebook that I wanted to host a little event where typographically-minded folks could get together and have a fun day where we could play with letterforms and experiment with type both formally and informally. After mulling this over for a bit, I decided to go ahead and start a formal lecture and event series called BetterLetter to explore these ideas. In collaboration with Artalking, BetterLetter is going to have its first event, a lecture by Andy Cruz of the famed type foundry and manufacturer of design objects, House Industries, on September 17 in Tokyo. It is going to be a fun, intimate, one-night event where Andy talks about his work and recent collaborations with the Estate of Charles and Ray Eames. More info will be posted tomorrow about the kickoff.
Players were back in uniform and worked out at Citizens Bank Park for nearly a couple of hours this afternoon. Kyle Kendrick, Greg Golson, Mike Cervenak and Andy Tracy, all of whom went to the Florida Instructional League in Clearwater, FL, to keep their skills fresh, have rejoined the team. The Phillies have until 10 a.m. on Tuesday to file their World Series roster with MLB. The team will work out again on Saturday afternoon and then have a day off on Sunday. Charlie Manuel’s mother, June, was laid to rest this morning in Buena Vista, Va. Among those attending the services were David Montgomery, Pat Gillick, Ruben Amaro Jr., Mike Arbuckle and Greg Casterioto. The Phillies will leave for Boston or Tampa Bay mid-day on Monday. Should the Rays win that series, Charlie hopes to have the team work out on the artificial turf at Tropicana Field twice, after arriving on Monday and again on Tuesday. If the team is going to Boston, a workout will be held at Fenway Park on Tuesday. MLB requires that both teams work out prior to Games 1 and 3. World Series tickets and Phillies merchandise are the hot items right now. People are coming out of hibernation seeking tickets. Unfortunately, the cupboard is bare. One fan offered to trade 1964 World Series tickets for 2008 tickets. No, we didn’t win it in 1964 but we did print tickets because we thought we were going to be the NL champs. National League Champion Phillies t-shirts and caps are available at the Majestic Clubhouse Store at Citizens Bank Park; Monday-Saturday, 9:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. and Sunday, 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. Official merchandise can also be purchased online at phillies.com or by calling 1-877-GO PHILS if you live in Pocatello, ID, and can’t drive to Philly. How’s that for a friendly commercial? Which pitcher holds the Phillies record for most World Series appearances? Winner will receive an autographed baseball from the record-holder. First person to post the correct answer will be declared the winner.
News about Charles Busch, including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times. ARTICLES ABOUT CHARLES BUSCH Among the top pleasures in Mr. Busch’s show at 54 Below is an appearance by Miriam Passman, one of his greatest characters and a comedic force. July 16, 2015, Thursday From Ruby Keeler to Judy Garland, singers retrace a movie-musical history in “Here’s to the Girls!: Hollywood’s Leading Ladies,” at the 92nd Street Y. February 9, 2015, Monday Charles Busch, the playwright and sometime drag performer, serves up comedy, music, nostalgia and his longtime alter ego Miriam Passman at 54 Below. July 12, 2014, Saturday The drag performer Charles Busch, in his new stage comedy “The Tribute Artist,” drops the names of countless old-Hollywood figures and accessories. Here’s a guide. February 27, 2014, Thursday In Charles Busch’s “The Tribute Artist,” a female impersonator assumes the identity of his dead landlady to keep his coveted Greenwich Village apartment. February 10, 2014, Monday In “The Tribute Artist,” Charles Busch plays a female impersonator whose landlady dies, leaving an opportunity to take on her identity — and her townhouse. January 19, 2014, Sunday Charles Busch’s “Ridin’ High” cabaret show at 54 Below welcomingly brings to life a caricature of a needy would-be diva. October 23, 2013, Wednesday Primary Stages is to announce on Monday that the world premiere of a new play written by and starring Charles Busch will be among the productions in the 2013-14 season. January 7, 2013, Monday A number of playwrights are expected at the Lucille Lortel Theater on Monday, Oct. 10. October 6, 2011, Thursday In “Olive and the Bitter Herbs,” Charles Busch’s new comedy, a longtime resident in a New York apartment building who lives to criticize her neighbors becomes fascinated by the arrival of a ghost.
The essential ingredient for full enjoyment of your river, lake, pond, or oceanfront property. If you're fortunate enough to own waterfront property, you know that a dock is essential for realizing maximum value and enjoyment of that land. Now you can build your own dock, or repair an existing dock, with this comprehensive, easy-to-use guide -- the only book devoted exclusively to residential docks. The Dock Manual contains 10 complete plan for stationary and floating docks — each with materials and tool lists, and simple, illustrated construction techniques. You'll also find step-by-step instructions for analyzing your shoreline and choosing the right dock for your needs. You'll refer to The Dock Manual throughout the year for expert advice to help you: - Make repairs and upgrades - Winterize your dock - Build angle, roller, and stair ramps - Paint, stain, and treat your dock - Deter and repair decay to wood and plastic - Incorporate design options like trims and colors
- Special Sections - Public Notices Everyone loves Girl Scout Cookies. But did you know that with every Samoa or Thin Mint you buy, you are helping build strong, successful girls? With Girl Scout Cookie booths set for Feb. 17-March 22, this is a great time to talk about what girls gain from Girl Scouting. It is a good time to look at why we all have a stake in helping today’s girls succeed. If you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the Carrollton Democrat, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. Click the question mark below to see where your account ID appears on your mailing label. If you are new to the award winning Carrollton Democrat and wish to get a subscription or simply gain access to our online content then please enter your ZIP code below and continue to setup your account.
Top Games to Watch: No. 6 Knicks vs. Wizards Knicks welcome Wizards to MSG for Christmas Spectacular We're counting down the top 10 most exciting Knicks matchups for the upcoming season! Cast your vote on Twitter and Facebook using #NYKSaveTheDate. 6) Knicks vs. Wizards (December 25, 2014) Fueled by a young and talented crew, the 2013-14 Wizards escaped their dismal past to achieve success not seen in the nation’s capital over the previous nine years. For the first time since the 2005 season, Washington won a playoff series as part of a 44-win campaign. The Wizards successfully retained big man Marcin Gortat by re-signing him this summer and the team quickly recovered from the loss of Trevor Ariza with the acquisition of veteran forward Paul Pierce in a surprising move. With John Wall fresh off his best season as a pro and the emergence of Bradley Beal at the shooting guard spot, Washington is primed to contend for a conference title. The Wizards hope Otto Porter and Glen Rice Jr. take the next step and they bolstered the bench by adding Kris Humphries and DeJuan Blair. Last year, Washington had New York’s number, defeating the Knicks in all three of the head-to-head matchups. The new-look squad in New York will attempt to slow down Wall after he averaged 23.3 points and eight assists per game against the Knicks a season ago. The Wizards were a strong defensive unit with a big frontline and speedy defenders on the perimeter. Both teams will have the opportunity to adjust following a November 4th contest at the Garden in the first meeting of the season. Despite Washington’s success last year against New York, capturing a win on Christmas Day at MSG is a tall task. Tipoff is scheduled for 12 PM. Next up: Knicks meet familiar foes in Dallas showdown.
Amherst ‘Idol’ is chasing his dream By KIMBERLY HOUGHTON Union Leader Correspondent | February 11. 2014 8:35PM AMHERST — Alex Preston Philbrick, a self-proclaimed band nerd from Mont Vernon, is turning heads on this season of “American Idol.” On Tuesday, the season 13 Idol contestant was back home performing at Souhegan High School before flying back to Los Angeles today. Philbrick, a 2011 Souhegan graduate, had some words of wisdom for the student body, who had the opportunity to hear him perform some original songs. “If you have a dream, well, you only live once. I know that sounds cliche,” said Philbrick, 20. “Why wouldn’t you go after something you love?” Philbrick admits that he never envisioned the type of success he is experiencing or that he would be able to hang out in Los Angeles with Adam Lambert and Chris Daughtry, former “American Idol” contestants returning to the show as mentors this season. In high school, Philbrick was in the jazz band and pop band, and performed locally with the band Undertoe. “We weren’t good,” said Philbrick, joking at his own youthfulness. Still, Philbrick says he wanted be a musician and he went for it, recently auditioning online with “American Idol.” The songwriter and performer plays about a dozen instruments, but apparently feels most comfortable behind the guitar. He has already impressed “American Idol” judges with his own work, and is expected to again perform an original song on tonight’s show. The instant fame has Philbrick a little puzzled, as he acknowledges his stage presence may be slightly clumsy. “Excuse my severe awkwardness. I am sure if you have seen me on TV, you know I am awkward,” he told the students. But there is nothing awkward about Philbrick’s musical talent or his ability to entertain a crowd. Decked out in a black T-shirt, dark jeans and converse sneakers, Philbrick easily wowed the Souhegan audience with his laid back, casual character topped off with unbelievable vocals. Although Philbrick apologized for some vocal strain, there was nothing apparent in his voice except strong passion for what he loves to do most — perform. During a recent sushi run, Philbrick said he was noticed — for the first time — as an “American Idol” contestant, which he admits was a little strange. “Really, though, I am not cool,” he said before allowing students to jump up on stage with him for a photo shoot. Philbrick claims that some of his songs actually “suck” but that songwriting is great therapy for him since he sometimes hesitates to talk about his feelings. Before Philbrick’s performance, the New Hampshire Union Leader had a few moments to catch up with the “American Idol” contestant who seems to become more popular each week as the show progresses in Hollywood. “It is good. It is a lot of fun so far. I am excited for the last round of Hollywood Week to air. It is my own original song,” said Philbrick, who is expected to perform “Fairy Tales” tonight. He said the “American Idol” experience has been amazing, describing it as an educational opportunity of a lifetime. “You get to meet all of these people who are doing the same things as you and have the same dream as you,” he said, admitting it has been a little overwhelming and even more tiring. “We didn’t get much sleep at all. It is one of those things that is all worth it in the end,” said Philbrick. He is very thankful for his support network and his fans — especially those in New Hampshire. “That is what is keeping me going. … I am not even doing this for myself anymore,” he said. “I feel like I am doing this for everyone supporting me. Hopefully I can keep it going and make everyone proud.” Souhegan Principal Rob Scully says the high school community is proud of Philbrick and his accomplishments. Regardless of where he goes in life, Philbrick has provided a great message to future Souhegan graduates to work hard and pursue their dreams, Scully said. “This is one of our own coming back, and we are so thrilled to have him here,” said Scully. At least three Souhegan students — Stephanie Jewett, Amber Johnson and Brianna Morley — say they are big fans of Philbrick, who they believe could be the next American Idol. “He is amazing. He is not like everyone else,” said Jewett. Johnson agreed, saying Philbrick’s uniqueness will help him stand out in a crowd of really talented musicians. “Personally, I love his hair,” said Morley, a sophomore.
CABARET in the ocean gyres Karabasov, S. A. Berloff, Pavel S. Goloviznin, V. M. MetadataShow full item record A new high-resolution Eulerian numerical method is proposed for modelling quasigeostrophic ocean dynamics in eddying regimes. The method is based on a novel, second-order non-dissipative and lowdispersive conservative advection scheme called CABARET. The properties of the new method are compared with those of several high-resolution Eulerian methods for linear advection and gas dynamics. Then, the CABARET method is applied to the classical model of the double-gyre ocean circulation and its performance is contrasted against that of the common vorticity-preserving Arakawa method. In turbulent regimes, the new method permits credible numerical simulations on much coarser computational grids. Author Posting. © The Author(s), 2009. This is the author's version of the work. It is posted here by permission of Elsevier B.V. for personal use, not for redistribution. The definitive version was published in Ocean Modelling 30 (2009): 155-168, doi:10.1016/j.ocemod.2009.06.009. Showing items related by title, author, creator and subject. Air-sea CO2 fluxes and the controls on ocean surface pCO2 seasonal variability in the coastal and open-ocean southwestern Atlantic Ocean : a modeling study Arruda, R.; Calil, P. H. R.; Bianchi, A. A.; Doney, Scott C.; Gruber, Nicolas; Lima, Ivan D.; Turi, G. (Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union, 2015-10-12)We use an eddy-resolving, regional ocean biogeochemical model to investigate the main variables and processes responsible for the climatological spatio-temporal variability of pCO2 and the air-sea CO2 fluxes in the ... Understanding the ocean carbon and sulfur cycles in the context of a variable ocean : a study of anthropogenic carbon storage and dimethylsulfide production in the Atlantic Ocean Levine, Naomi M. (Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, 2010-02)Anthropogenic activity is rapidly changing the global climate through the emission of carbon dioxide. Ocean carbon and sulfur cycles have the potential to impact global climate directly and through feedback loops. Numerical ...
The Quad Cities area is blessed with two local mosques or masajids. Information for access is below for student and family site visits for Jum'ah/Friday sermon, study circles, and potluck dinners + more. Proper dress etiquette would include long pants and sleeves for both genders; wearing a headscarf is optional for visiting lady guests. Islamic Center of Quad Cities Muslim Community of Quad Cities 6005 34th Avenue 2115 Kimberly Road Moline, IL 61265 Bettendorf, IA 52722 Imaam Saad Baag President Mushtaq Khan Jumah/Friday Service Jumah/ Friday Sermon Time: 12:45pm - 1:30pm Time: I:10pm - 1:40pm
Texans players to watch Brian Cushing, inside linebacker He’s off to a terrific start, leading the team with 24 tackles — 16 unassisted, according to the coaches’ review. He has two sacks, four tackles for loss and an interception. His run defense is essential to the team’s success. Chris Myers, center He has been to the Pro Bowl the last two seasons. He tangles with Ravens nose tackle Haloti Ngata, who outweighs Myers by 56 pounds. Myers will rely on quickness and leverage to do his part in making the running game go. Ravens players to watch Joe Flacco, quarterback He was outstanding in the Super Bowl run, but he doesn’t have the same weapons. He has been the victim of dropped touchdown passes. He’s a pocket passer with the strongest arm in the league but vulnerable to being sacked. Terrell Suggs, outside linebacker He’s fully recovered from surgery on his Achilles tendon after the 2011 season when he was voted NFL Defensive Player of the Year. He’ll fly off the edge, probably against left tackle Ryan Harris, who should get a lot of help. Matt Schaub – 644 yards Ben Tate – 148 yards Andre Johnson – 222 yards Brian Cushing – 24 tackles Randy Bullock – 20.0 field-goal pct. Joe Flacco – 573 yards Bernard Pierce – 79 yards Torrey Smith – 177 yards Josh Bynes – 16 tackles Justin Tucker – 50.0 field-goal pct.
Drunken driving, West Bagley Road: An officer stopped a Volkswagen April 2 at 7:12 p.m. after smelling marijuana. The officer searched a passenger and found a burnt blunt in her pocket; the officer also searched the car and found a second burnt blunt on the floor, a small amount of suspected marijuana in the passenger's backpack and a jar containing suspected marijuana, a glass pipe and a digital scale in the driver's purse. The driver was arrested and charged with possession of suspected marijuana, possession of marijuana paraphernalia and driving under the influence of suspected marijuana. The passenger was issued a citation for possession of suspected marijuana. Underage liquor possession, Barrett Road: An officer responded to report of a disturbance at the Tower in the Park apartments on March 26 at 9:10 p.m. The officer arrived and saw five people in the lobby; he saw one boy huffing a can of air duster. The officer also found an unopened bottle of vodka under a sweatshirt; the boy, 17, told the officer he'd taken it from Dollar General. The boy was arrested and charged with criminal trespass, shoplifting, underage liquor possession and abusing harmful intoxicants. Found child, Chestnut Drive: A woman reported March 26 at 9 a.m. that she'd found a 3-year-old girl outside without a coat or supervision. Police took the girl home and found her father, who was asleep on the couch. The father said the house's doors are usually locked. The officer informed the man the incident would be reported to the child services hotline, and that future incidents would result in him being charged with child endangering. Counterfeit bills, Berea Commons: Berea Municipal Court reported March 26 at 1 p.m. that a man attempted to make a payment with a counterfeit $50 bill. The man said he'd just received the bills from Charter One Bank in Cleveland; an officer confiscated the bill. Theft, East Bridge Street: A woman reported March 28 at 12:52 p.m. that someone stole her checks. The woman said Huntington Bank informed her that someone cashed one of her checks, but she said the bank wouldn't provide additional information until she filed a police report. Disturbance, South Rocky River Drive: Officers responded to a disturbance at an apartment March 29 at 3:49 a.m. Officers arrived and discovered a man and woman had been fighting; both appeared to be intoxicated. Police issued the man a citation for permitting a noise disturbance. Identity fraud, Park Place: A woman reported March 31 at 5:38 p.m. that someone filed a fraudulent 2013 tax return in her name. The woman said she received a fraud alert from the Ohio Department of Taxation because the return did not match one she filed. Drunken driving, West Bagley Road: A man was arrested and charged with suspicion of drunken driving, refusing a breath test, driving under suspension and a lighted lights violation following a traffic stop March 31 at 12:24 a.m. Simple assault, Barberry Drive: An OhioGuidestone employee reported March 26 around 6 p.m. that a client punched her in the head, pulled her hair and scratched her arm earlier that day. Police documented the woman's injuries.
Tag your photos with the location where you made them. Your digital photo collection is probably growing pretty fast. Remembering where you made all those photos can become a real chore. GeoTagr tags your photos with the location where your made them. Tagging photos with a location (a.k.a. geotagging) is basically a two step process: 1. You record your location while you make photos with your digital camera 2. You tag the photos with a location For both steps, GeoTagr offers you a number of options. GeoTagr records your location on your iPhone or iPad, but you can also use a dedicated GPS data logger. Note that there's also a GeoTagr Apple Watch app to make location recording extremely easy. Geotag your iPhone, iPad, Mac, Dropbox, Flickr or SmugMug photos directly with GeoTagr. No extra software is required. If your photos are stored somewhere else, use GPX files exported by GeoTagr. - Both JPEG and RAW photos are supported - Integration with Dropbox for GPX import and export - GPX import and export via iTunes Sharing - Seamless communication between the iPhone and iPad app, allowing you to record locations with your iPhone to geotag photos on your iPad (via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi) - Geotags iPad & iPhone photos imported with the Camera Connection Kit or Camera Adapter - Easily manage your recorded tracks - Background recording - Today extension and Apple Watch app for quick access - A comprehensive in-app help section In short, GeoTagr is a versatile, all-in-one geotagging solution for a ridiculously low price. More info is available in the How To & FAQ section GeoTagr is recommended by Note: GeoTagr was initially named GeoLogTag.
Computerworld is undertaking a series of investigations into the most widely-used programming languages. Previously we have spoken to Alfred v. Aho of AWK fame, S. Tucker Taft on the Ada 1995 and 2005 revisions, Microsoft about its server-side script engine ASP, Chet Ramey about his experience maintaining Bash, and Bjarne Stroustrup of C++ fame. In this article we chat to Charles H. Moore about the design and development of Forth. Moore invented Forth while at the US National Radio Astronomy Observatory to help control radio telescopes and data-collection/reduction systems. Here he chats about why Forth was invented, as well as why he still works with Forth today. How did Forth come into existence? Forth came about when I was faced with a just-released IBM 1130 minicomputer. Compiling a Fortran program was a cumbersome procedure involving multiple card decks. I used Fortran to develop the first Forth, which could use the disk and graphics display that Fortran couldn't. Because it was interactive, my programming was much faster and easier. Was there a particular problem you were trying to solve? This computer was at Mohasco Industries. Their main product was carpet and the problem was to determine if the 1130 could help design carpets. Forth was great for programming the 2250 display, but ultimately the lack of color doomed the project. Did you face any hard decisions in the development of the language? The hardest decision in developing Forth was whether to do it. Languages were not casually designed. It was reputed to require a brilliant team and man-years of effort. I had my eye on something quick and simple. I write Forth code every day. It is a joy to write a few simple words and solve a problem. As brain exercise it far surpasses cards, crosswords or Sudoku; and is useful. How did Forth get its name? I decided to call it Fourth, as in 4th-generation computer language. But the 1130 file system limited names to 5 characters, so I shortened it to Forth. A fortuitous choice, since Forth has many positive associations. I have read that Forth was developed from your own personal programming system, which you began to develop in 1958. Can you tell us a little more about this? My personal programming system was a deck of punch cards, [now] sadly lost. It had a number of Fortran subroutines that did unformatted input/output, arithmetic algorithms and a simple interpreter. It let me customize a program via its input at a time when recompiling was slow and difficult. Why did you incorporate Reverse Polish notation into the language? Reverse Polish notation is the simplest way to describe arithmetic expressions. That's how you learn arithmetic in grade school, before advancing to infix notation with Algebra. I've always favored simplicity in the interest of getting the job done.
- Hand Soft This ultra plush and cuddly fabric has a silky surface with rosette embossing. 12 mm pile, 600 grams and is perfect for creating blankets, baby accessories, plush toys, and more! Country of Origin: Made in the USA or Imported Machine Wash Cold/Tumble Dry Low/ Do Not Iron
Before every Arsenal fixture, we’ll bring you a Scouting Report on the Gunners’ next opponents. Former Arsenal midfielder Stewart Robson will give his pre-match view and you can get his post-match verdict in our Talking Tactics feature on Arsenal Player. Arsène Wenger and his side face AC Milan at the San Siro on Wednesday so, to find out more, we also asked journalist Paolo Bandini for his thoughts and analysis. "Milan have constantly changed their line-up this season due to injuries, lack of form and Allegri prioritising certain matches. However they do have key players who will surely play against Arsenal. Abate the right back is an excellent attacking full back who also recovers well when Milan lose possession. Thiago Silva is the perfect centre half apart from one aspect. He is fast, can read danger and is good on the ball. Yet when faced with defending crosses he can be vulnerable. "At the weekend against Udinese, the inconsistent Robinho played up front with El Sharawy while Seedorf played in the hole behind them. Seedorf lacks athleticism but he can still open up defences with his passing range. If, like their previous visit to Milan, Arsenal play at a high tempo, the game could have too much intensity for Seedorf and co." PAOLO BANDINI, THE GUARDIAN "Massimiliano Allegri almost always plays a 4-3-1-2 formation. It is a diamond midfield essentially, but really they have quite a functional midfield three - assuming Alberto Aquilani is still unavailable - of Mark van Bommel, Massimo Ambrosini and Antonio Nocerino. They are ball winners and ball protectors really but not very creative. In front of that, normally it would be Kevin Prince-Boateng behind the front two of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Robinho. "Milan line up quite narrowly because they don't have any real wingers. Ibrahimovic tends to drift a bit, but fundamentally it is a narrow formation and they are much more likely to play through the middle than put in crosses from out wide. Their lack of width is a real issue. Not having wide players in midfield or up front exposes them if you can get fast players out wide to run at their full backs. In terms of their full backs, a lot of Italians have been saying Ignazio Abate has really come on as a player, but I'm not so sure. I think he has been made to look OK by playing in a decent team with strong centre backs, in Alessandro Nesta and Thiago Silva, but they are vulnerable on the outside. "Ibrahimovic is always the dangerman for Milan and that is part of the problem. When people talk about him struggling in Europe, I think a significant part of that is down to the fact that teams know that if you close down Ibrahimovic you don't have too many other players to worry about. MIlan also signed Maxi Lopez at the end of the transfer window, and he scored last weekend. He was a real second-choice player as they were trying to sign Carlos Tevez, but he is an effective enough poacher. Milan can be a bit reliant on Ibrahimovic. Robinho, although he has been a very good player for them, doesn't score too many and has developed a habit of missing sitters. The other player is Alexandre Pato, but I am not sure he will be fit. His goalscoring record has been patchy this season, but he knows where the goal is. "I think the first leg will be a 1-1 draw. If you had asked me for a prediction when the draw was made, I would very possibly have picked a Milan win but in the last few weeks they have been quite bad. They will raise their game for Wednesday night but recently they have not been as good as they have been."
At Gatsby's in Boca Raton, Prohibition Is Sooo 20th Century Every so often, a girl's gotta release her inner Zelda Fitzgerald. You know — be unapologetically flamboyant and tempestuous and have herself a classy adventure, replete with fancy drinks. So, last week, I grabbed a well-read wingman and we went up to Boca to pay a social visit to Gatsby's, or, as its proprietors like to call it, the "new home of the $5 martini." It didn't take us long to tell that Gatsby's isn't just great; it's fucking awesome. Unless, of course, you don't like an expansive catalog of cheap martinis, liquor-soaked literary talk, and cleavage deeper than the plot of The Beautiful and Damned. Best Quote Overheard From a Random Stranger at the Bar: "A friend told me he was in Davie. I said, 'Who's Davie, and does your girlfriend know?' " Ambiance: Gatsby's was surprisingly chic; dark wood, well-decorated, and quite expansive, all with a subtle Jazz Age theme. On this particular night (of college football season), the U-shaped bar and candlelit tables were spotted with sports fans, and the ruckus of the Florida State/University of Miami game blasted from seven huge-screen TVs. The first room was lushly furnished with booths and a large bar; adjacent to that was a swanky little area with a dance floor and stage, its walls adorned with irregular mirrors and huge black-and-white framed photos. Past that was a pool table and, beyond that, two private rooms set up like giant, old-fashioned libraries. These were furnished with richly upholstered reading chairs, velvet pool tables, bookshelves, leather couches, and huge, jazz-era paintings of faceless musicians and dancers. In short, it was the kind of party library where you might meet plenty of owl-eyed drunks, "beautiful little fools," and depressed millionaires. Or, like tonight, a pack of young people in the middle of a fantasy football draft. Since I'm less interested in tossing balls than tossing back, I moseyed back to the first room and pitched myself into a stylish booth, situated directly beside a red-lit glass shelf stocked full of bottles of booze. Jay Gatsby wouldn't have had to worry about that silly 18th Amendment here. Martinis: "Tell me about this place," I instructed our waitress. Nicole was petite with a cherubic face, well-tweezed eyebrows, and a pleasant laugh. More noticeable were her boobs: They, and all surrounding skin, were jammed into a tiny red corset top. "Nice corset," I said, but what I really meant was "nice rack." "Did you get to pick the color?" She laughed airily. "We get to pick from three colors: red, silver, and gold." "All classy," I said, nodding my approval. "But red is the hottest. Now, what can you tell me about Gatsby's?" "Recently, new owners took over, and they've changed things up a bit," she said. "They installed the new dance floor, and now we get DJs on Wednesdays and the weekend. Also, they changed up the specials." "What's the special tonight?" I asked. "Monday is $5 martinis," she said. "Which martinis?" interjected my friend and fellow Fitzgerald lover, Beard. "There are three menu pages of them." I contracted a minor buzz just from her telling us that all martinis, fruity to dirty, were going for five apiece. With names like Jolly Rancher, Starburst, 007, White Chocolate, Las Vegas, and Flamingo, I knew it was going to be a vodka-soaked, sugar-coated evening. I settled on the Fitzgerald Martini, a blend of O Finlandia grapefruit vodka, triple sec, watermelon pucker, sour mix, and pineapple. "Sour," I said, after a cautious sip. Which, I determined after many more sips, was quite fitting for a drink named after a bitter, bipolar writer who died of alcoholism. More Martinis: Minutes later, I'd completely downed the Fitzgerald and ordered the Great Gatsby, a blend of Grey Goose, l'orange, triple sec, cranberry, and Sprite. Beard, after swigging down a dirty martini, had somehow ended up with a frothy Key Lime martini. When Nicole slid it down in front of him, he glanced up at her tremulously. "This makes me a woman." It wasn't a question; he knew damned well he'd just been served the kind of beverage an 8-year-old girl would order if her fake I.D. were good enough. "It is a little fruity," Nicole said. "I'll just have to drink it really fast," he said. "I'll help," I offered, and reached for it. Patrons: The clientele of the bar let out a collective joyous scream, and the University of Miami took the game back over, 14-10. I approached a pair of tank-top-wearing hot blonds in a booth facing the biggest TV in the joint. Despite both being real stunners, they appeared slightly disgruntled. "We're Florida State fans," said Jenny, who was taller and perkier than her friend, with an easy smile. "We were looking for some camaraderie, but not here, apparently." "Indeed," I said. Turned out, the two ladies had been friends for 27 years and had grown up in Boca. "We wanted to get the hell out," Jenny noted. "After college, we went all over the place," her friend Jenn continued. "England, Las Vegas, you name it. One time, after she'd moved to Atlanta, I went to visit her for a day. It turned into a week, then a month, and I ended up living out there for three years." "After that, all we wanted was to get the hell back," said Jenny. "So here we are, trying to figure out what to do next in this damned economy." "Indeed, the Roaring '20s, this isn't," I said wryly. "You need to save money in times like this," Jenny advised. "We've got pictures of us in bars all over the place — drinking, having a good time, spending money on drinks every night of the week. No doubt it was fun; just wish I could remember it." She laughed. Just then, Nicole interrupted. "Sorry, did you want another martini?" Of course I did. I ordered the White Chocolate, having exhausted my Fitzgerald-related options. "They're only $5," I said sheepishly. More Martinis (can you ever have enough?): "Recommend another martini," Beard commanded Nicole. "The White Chocolate is good, the Caramel Apple is tasty — " she began. I nodded in assent, but Beard waved her off. "A manly drink," he insisted. I think it was just to impress Nicole's cleavage. She brought him a whiskey-infused Manhattan, and then he quickly ordered another Key Lime martini, this time sharing none of it. The people at the next table were an interesting assortment of folk: a guy in a fedora, a couple who couldn't stop cuddling, and a dude in a pressed shirt with a loud booming voice. I'd overheard one of them order an Alka-Seltzer from the waitress, the others discussing the Chemical Brothers, and someone say "When my body starts acting up, I punish it" just before he took a long swig from his beer. The guy who'd ordered the Alka-Seltzer introduced me to everyone at the table: his wife, dark-eyed and very quiet; his boyfriend, Fedora-hat (yes, there was some Gatsby-style romantic intrigue going on) ; and Phil — just a friend. ("We're better friends than lovers," Phil said.) "Has anyone read the Great Gatsby?" I asked. The evening was drawing to a close, and I wanted a good hearty literature discussion. The awkward pause was palpable. Wait, I thought to myself. Maybe I'm drunk. No one wants to talk literature with an inebriated nightlife columnist who's been channeling Zelda Fitzgerald for most of her life. I excused myself. Now, where was Nicole and her ample cleavage? I told Beard I was going to need another Fitzgerald martini — extra sour. " 'So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past,' " Beard quoted and reached for the menu. Get the Music Newsletter Keep your thumb on the local music scene each week with music news, trends, artist interviews and concert listings. We'll also send you special ticket offers and music deals.
Update: CRAZY, crazy action in LinkedIn, which priced at $45 last night, opened over $80, rallied to $90, then went to $100, and then up to $110 in a matter of seconds. And now $120. And now it's down to $103. Wild! Original post: LinkedIn priced last night at $45, and naturally there's going to be a huge opening pop. Early indication (via Bloomberg) is that it will come out of the gates at around $75-$80. Update: It's opened at around $81. Update 2: It's now trading at its highs of the day, at $100. Obviously, that's a HUGE win for the people who got in on the IPO, and people will howl about the banks screwing up, and underpricing the IPO, but this is just how it works. Sure, the company gets less than it (theoretically) could have in the offering, but part of the payment to the banks is leaving some food on the table for their favored clients. This is a key point about how IPO payments are funded. Don't want to leave a lot on the table? Go have Joe & Bob's Investment Bank underwrite your offering. Good luck. Anyway, congrats to LinkedIn, and for anyone buying at these levels, good luck on the rollercoaster!
A number of the fathers of the over 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by terror group Boko Haram from Chibok, Nigeria, have spoken out about the continued dangers their families face on a daily basis, and shared their pain of not knowing what has happened to their daughters. Kristin Wright, director of advocacy for relief group Open Doors USA, told The Christian Post in a phone interview on Wednesday that she was able to meet with 10 of the Chibok fathers during a recent trip to Nigeria. She revealed that despite the grim situation their families find themselves in, the fathers are refusing to give up hope that one day their daughters will return to them. "One of the fathers, when asked, 'Where do you think your daughter might be?' he said, 'She is the hands of God.' It was a sentiment that was echoed by all of the parents that I met with. They are not going to think about any other reality," Wright told CP. more >> Grand Ayatollah Ahmad al-Baghdadi, the leading Shiite cleric of Iraq, has claimed in an interview that "real Islam" consists of forcefully converting people into the faith, abducting Christian women, and destroying churches. The cleric's comments stand in contrast to other Islamic leaders, who have condemned terroristic actions. Al-Baghdadi reportedly made the comments during a televised interview, Frontpage Mag said, in which the cleric claimed that Muslims are obligated to go on the offensive and conquer people of other faiths, when circumstances permit. "If they are people of the book [Jews and Christians] we demand of them the jizya — and if they refuse, then we fight them. That is if he is Christian. He has three choices: either convert to Islam, or, if he refuses and wishes to remain Christian, then pay the jizya," the cleric reportedly said in the interview. more >> The Islamic State terrorist group has allegedly beheaded and crucified a man who was helping innocent people escape from the brutality and heinousness of the group's controlled areas in Syria. The man's beheading and crucifiction was first reported by Heavy.com (graphic images) last weekend when IS supporters posted a series of photos to social media showing the man's mutilated body being strung on a wooden structure in an IS-controlled area of Aleppo. The first photo shows a militant delivering the already beheaded body to the public square in what appears to be a minivan. The next photos show a crowd of onlookers gathered to see the beheaded man, who had his arms tied to the wooden structure, crucifixion style. more >> Beloved missionary Roberta Edwards, 55, who was gunned down in a brazen attack in Haiti on Saturday, told elders at the Estes Church of Christ in Henderson, Tennessee, who supported her work there that she had grown "tired" and "scared" just two months ago but never said what was driving her fear. Edwards was administrator and "mom" at SonLight Children's Home in Port au Prince, where dozens of children received foster care over the years. She also directed a nutrition center that feeds 160 children two meals a day, five days a week, in addition to providing funds for these children to attend school. Harold Pirtle, a church elder who traveled from Tennessee to comfort the children at the now motherless home in the Croix-des-Bouquets suburb of Port-au-Prince, told The Associated Press that Edwards said she was tired and scared but she never mentioned any specific threats. more >> One Chibok girl who managed to escape Nigerian terror group Boko Haram has revealed that many of the 200 Christian schoolgirls abducted in April 2014 are still alive. But the girls have suffered greatly under the jihadists with a number of them impregnated and carrying diseases, while those who have refused to convert to Islam have been killed. The Saturday Vanguard reported that one of the kidnapped girls who was kept in the Sambisa forest camp managed to escape captivity, and was rescued by Fulani herdsmen. She revealed that many of the girls have been relocated to the Lake Chad region following heavy military operations on the Sambisa forest by Nigeria's government. "All of us were forced to become Muslims but kept in camps far from each other," the girl said. "You can only see and recognize those in your camp as any of us who refused being Islamized was either beheaded or shot at point blank range." more >> A Syrian mother and widow was tortured with whips and hot coals by female members of the Islamic State terror group until she revealed the identities of the wives of fighters who took up arms against IS militants. The Daily Mail reports that Um Abdo, 30, reluctantly gave up their names under extreme physcial torture. She was then forced to watch as her friends were murdered in a public execution at a local stadium. Abdo, a school teacher living in a village outside of Allepo, lost her husband in 2013 when he was killed fighting against IS with the Free Syrian Army. Subsequently, Abdo was arrested by IS after it was revealed that she had connections to forces that opposed the jihadists. more >>
Updated at 6:15 p.m. PST with Microsoft and McAfee comment, at 5:30 p.m. with Sophos comment, and at 4:40 p.m. with customer comment. Microsoft on Tuesday said it is changing its strategy for offering PC antivirus software, with plans to discontinue its subscription-based consumer security suite and instead offer individuals free software to protect their PCs. Code-named Morro, the new offering will be available in the second half of 2009 and will protect against viruses, spyware, rootkits, and Trojans, the company said in a statement. With the arrival of Morro, Microsoft plans to stop selling the Windows Live OneCare service, although the two services are not identical. Morro lacks OneCare's non-security features, such as printer sharing and automated PC tuneup. Morro will, however, use fewer resources than the subscription-based offering, making it better suited to low-bandwith systems and less powerful PCs. Microsoft decided to switch to a free product because there are still so many PCs out there that lack any antivirus software. "Because they're not concerned about malware, the number of people who don't have antivirus software or don't keep it up to date exceeds 50 percent in developed markets, and it's worse in emerging markets," Amy Barzdukas, senior director of product management for the Online Services and Windows Division at Microsoft, said in an interview. "Live OneCare was tailored for developed markets with broadband...and it's not meeting the needs of a lot of customers." Asked why the company wouldn't just offer both the free and subscription versions, Barzdukas said: "Having core anti-malware at no charge for consumers, we believe, we will protect more consumers that way." Consumers who want more than the features Morro will offer have "fine alternatives from third parties" to buy, she added. Despite the fact that McAfee stands to lose paying customers to Microsoft's new free software, McAfee spokesman Joris Evers said the news signaled a defeat for Microsoft. "Consumers have voted; OneCare, in its two years on the market, has achieved less than 2 percent market share," he said in an interview. "Microsoft is giving up and has defaulted to a dressed-down freeware model that does not meet consumer security needs. This is good news for McAfee." Barzdukas dismissed the notion that Microsoft was responding to market share or competitive pressures. "If the current approach isn't working... (as far as protecting consumers broadly) we need to go with a new approach," she said. Asked if Microsoft would ever consider bundling the security features into Windows, Barzdukas said: "I can't foresee such a time." Representatives from Symantec could not be reached for comment Tuesday. Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at Sophos, said the news doesn't impact his security firm because it focuses on the enterprise market. "I think this announcement may cause some sleepless nights for the chiefs at McAfee and Symantec--they've always done well out of the consumer anti-virus market, and with tougher financial times ahead of them (they) won't be pleased to see the possibility of that evaporating further," he wrote in an e-mail response to questions. Microsoft had been selling Windows Live OneCare for $49.95 per year, which covered up to three PCs and offered centralized backup and optimization features in addition to security capabilities. Windows Live OneCare will continue to be sold for Windows XP and Vista via retailers through June 30, 2009, and direct sales will be gradually phased out as Morro becomes available. "Microsoft will ensure that all current customers remain protected through the life of their subscriptions," the statement said. Morro, which will be available for download over the Internet, will work on Windows XP, Windows Vista, and the upcoming Windows 7. The news frustrated OneCare customer Cas Purdy who complained on Facebook: "I just paid for OneCare. I'm kind of bitter." Purdy, who heads up public relations at security firm Websense, said in a follow-up phone interview that he paid for his OneCare subscription a few weeks ago for his home laptop. Websense does not compete with Microsoft on consumer software. "I'm all for a free tool but given that I just paid for it...we'll see," he added. Microsoft's Barzdukas said customers should contact customer support if they have a concern. "We will absolutely do the right thing by our customers, and if the customer wants to call our free phone support line we'll make sure they are happy," she said. A posting on the Windows Live OneCare Team Blog has a detailed FAQ for customers. Microsoft started selling OneCare in May 2006, three years after signaling its intent to enter the security software market with its purchase of Romania's GeCad. Although OneCare received only mixed reviews, it significantly shook up the security software market, resulting in generally lower prices. The software maker has also started selling its Forefront line of security software for businesses and indicated at its Microsoft Online launch on Monday that it plans to expand its lineup of hosted security services. CNET News' Ina Fried contributed to this report.
UAV’s, or Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, tend to face two issues – not being able to stay on station for long periods, and carrying enough of a payload to be useful. Nevada outfit Airship Manufacturing is introducing a new line of UAV airships, called Sky Sentinels, that promise larger payloads with greater endurance, as well as being adaptable, modular, and economical to operate. And they do this without any wings. As a UAV, these lighter-than-air vehicles offer large payload modules, multiple sensor attachments (as many as eight per payload module), significant electric power, and endurance measured in days rather than hours. As a bonus, the airship can be very quiet, providing a near noise- and vibration-free environment for finicky sensors. The line of Sky Sentinels airships use various engine configurations determined by the mission being flown, including a single, large, low speed stern propeller that provides nearly silent flight. Electrical power is provided by a single diesel engine. As with most airships, an internal air bladder called a ballonet allows the airship to adjust its internal pressure to match changes in the outside air pressure. This allows the airship to maintain its shape as it climbs or descends. Talking to Gizmag, Airship Manufacturing President Paul Adams, a long time airship activist and manned airship pilot, said that the objective of the Sky Sentinel is to be a cost-effective, long-duration, large-payload system that requires a minimum of ground crew. Crewed airships require many people on the ground to “catch” the airship as it lands. The Sky Sentinel is designed to require just four or five – a major cost savings. Early testing with this airship configuration resulted in “impressive” performance with the airship able to operate safely in 20-35 knot winds. via Gizmag – Francis X Govers III The Latest Streaming News: UAV airship updated minute-by-minute Bookmark this page and come back often
Obama Administration Set to Ban Asthma Inhalers Over Environmental Concerns 3:00 PM, Sep 23, 2011 • By MARK HEMINGWAY Remember how Obama recently waived new ozone regulations at the EPA because they were too costly? Well, it seems that the Obama administration would rather make people with Asthma cough up money than let them make a surely inconsequential contribution to depleting the ozone layer: Asthma patients who rely on over-the-counter inhalers will need to switch to prescription-only alternatives as part of the federal government's latest attempt to protect the Earth's atmosphere. The Food and Drug Administration said Thursday patients who use the epinephrine inhalers to treat mild asthma will need to switch by Dec. 31 to other types that do not contain chlorofluorocarbons, an aerosol substance once found in a variety of spray products. The action is part of an agreement signed by the U.S. and other nations to stop using substances that deplete the ozone layer, a region in the atmosphere that helps block harmful ultraviolet rays from the Sun. But the switch to a greener inhaler will cost consumers more. Epinephrine inhalers are available via online retailers for around $20, whereas the alternatives, which contain the drug albuterol, range from $30 to $60. The Atlantic's Megan McArdle, an asthma sufferer, noted a while back that when consumers are forced to use environmentally friendly products they are almost always worse: Er, industry also knew how to make low-flow toilets, which is why every toilet in my recently renovated rental house clogs at least once a week. They knew how to make more energy efficient dryers, which is why even on high, I have to run every load through the dryer in said house twice. And they knew how to make inexpensive compact flourescent bulbs, which is why my head hurts from the glare emitting from my bedroom lamp. They also knew how to make asthma inhalers without CFCs, which is why I am hoarding old albuterol inhalers that, unlike the new ones, a) significantly improve my breathing and b) do not make me gag. Etc. Well, tough cookies asthma sufferers! You should have written bigger checks to the Democratic party while you had the chance.
A small plot bunny who had rather sharp, pointed teeth. This does take place in the "TIF" universe, so if you haven't read that, you'll only be mildly lost. This is for my mum. Chapter One: Autumn Ron has pointed out to me that I'm a bloody idiot for writing to you when you've just got on the Hogwarts Express, but it seems so odd for me not to be there that I had to write to you right away. I can guarantee I'm missing you terribly, right now, and we've probably been apart for less than an hour. Just goes to show I've completely and totally lost my mind. That's all right, I'm rather liking my brainless state. I don't want to think that you won't be able to function without me, but do you think you'll miss me? Love from your, Of course I miss you, you wonderful git. It just doesn't seem right to be here at Hogwarts without you. I had a vision, just a few minutes ago, so I thought I would write to you immediately and tell you what was what while it was all fresh in my mind. It was different from all the others I have been having, you know? This one was sort of… happy. I was walking in this garden of a small, cheerful house; rather like the one we saw when we went strolling that one Saturday. There were some differences, though, this house wasn't white, more of a sage green, and instead of red shutters and a red door it had white shutters and a dark green door. Oh, I'm rambling again, aren't I? Well, anyway, I was in the garden and around the corner came two black haired boys chasing a garden gnome. I shouted at them, half-heartedly, to leave the poor dear alone, but they only laughed and said, "But it it's so much fun, Mum." They looked disturbingly like you. It was so… homey. Well, now that I've embarrassed myself fully, I'll sign off. Love from your, Are you sure that was a vision and not a daydream? I'm only kidding. It sounds wonderful, for the both of us. Unless, of course, you got married to someone that resembled me, and the fact that the children looked like me was a coincidence, then it wouldn't be so wonderful. I'd like to think that the reason the children in your vision looked like me was because I had some part in their formation. Speaking of which… Well, Ron says I can't possibly write that in a letter, and especially not a letter to his sister. He's here for a bit of a rest before he starts his job as a clerk in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Well, my try-outs for the Quidditch League are underway. I'll let you know how that works out, though the Cannons have already made some offers for me. They think that I might be the one to turn their program around. I told them that they were over-rating my ability. They didn't seem to think so. I was wondering, when is your first Hogsmeade visit? I'd like to come down and see you. Maybe we could get a bit of snog and a conversation in before you have to go back to school. Love from your, Harry I'm not entirely certain about the parentage of the children in my vision. Perhaps you'd better step up your efforts if you'd like the job. "A bit of a snog and a conversation…" Honestly, I've read more romantic things on the labels of the socks that Percy buys. That's not to say I wouldn't enjoy it. Our next Hogsmeade visit is in October. If you're not there, I can assure that you have felt less pain from rogue Bludgers bent on killing you. The difference is I understand that there are things much worse than death. Speaking of Quidditch, good luck with your try-outs, though you know that I know that you will do well. There's no doubt in my mind that you'll know by the end of the week who your next employer will be. What is Ron doing reading your letters to me, anyway? I've seen some of his letters to Hermione, and believe me, he has no room to talk. I'm missing you terribly. Give all my love to Ron and Hermione. I can't wait to see you again. Love from your, Your confidence in me has reassured me to no end. I've signed with the Cannons. Ron's over the roof in excitement, but that wasn't why I've chosen them. They're close to home, and they're traveling schedule is lighter, because, well, they just don't do very well. They've managed to hook Oliver Wood as the new Keeper, though, so we'll see what happens to the team's lack of motivation. I'm certainly shaking in my new dragonhide boots. As to Hogsmeade in October, you can rest assured that I will be there. If there is one thing I wish to evade in this world, Ms. Weasley, it is your wrath. Besides which, I haven't kissed you or touched you in sixteen days, six hours, and two minutes. That's a long time for a bloke to go. As to romantic side of me, I'm afraid it's buried deep. I'm breaking out the shovels to get to it for you. I can't promise you poetry, but next time I want to snog you, I think I'll be a bit more… eloquent. How's your term going? You're not speaking much of it. I want to know everything. Love from your, You'll have to forgive me if this letter doesn't make much sense. I'm afraid my brain has been stuffed to the bursting with knowledge and homework. Do you want to know why they call them the Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests? Because all of the work you have to go through to take the test fries your brain so that you can't concentrate to take them! But, I guess you already knew that. In case you'd forgotten, though, I thought I'd refresh your memory. I think my hand is permanently cramped. Professor Black made us write three rolls of parchment on the benefits of constant vigilance for the ordinary wizard. The female Professor Lupin has been working me much harder than ever before, and I'm afraid Harry, dear, that I'm finding refuge in visions, or daydreams, if you will, of you. I'll hope you'll forgive me in putting you into the sort of… awkward situations that dream Harry has been in, but it's been entertaining for me. For instance, I was walking down the hallway towards the Charms classroom when I spotted a broom closet. I thought to myself, "What if Harry were here?" Then I proceeded to imagine all sorts of delightful things, only we had a time limit, you see. I had five minutes to get to my next class. You were rather… agile. Anyway, in Care of Magical Creatures we're studying unicorns. I was still able to touch them, which made some of the girls in my class raise their eyebrows and mutter. Apparently, with a bloke like you, I should have utilized the benefits. I will, too, but not for some time yet. Or a short amount of time, it depends on you… and when you hand me a ring. It sounds kind of odd to have those last two paragraphs back to back. I guess you'll understand though. I've got to go, I've a Potions essay to finish and I've only got about four hours before I conk out. Love from your, Sounds like you're working hard studying. Have Hermione owl you all her notes. She has them filed. I've seen the folders. That should make your work a bit easier. The cramping in your hand does go away, you know. It just takes a while. Sometimes I feel a twinge in my writing hand, but I've been told that passes too. Broom closets, heh? Well, I can assure you that are many romantic places in Hogwarts, and none of them quite rank up there with the broom closet. Now, as I've been told there are only really two ways to attack the broom closet situation. There's the "fast and furious" and the "cramped and uncomfortable" way. Seeing as how I obtained this information from your brothers, I think we can disregard that piece of information. Although, the idea of spending time with you in a broom closet inspired me to take a cold shower. A very long, very cold shower. You've accomplished your mission for the week, Ginny. Practice was insane. Oliver's pretty much taken over the time, and though I didn't think it was possible, Ginny, my love, he's got worse. We were up at four thirty in the bloody morning. Oliver called us personally to make sure. We required to be at the pitch by four forty-five, and we didn't get a chance to leave until three that afternoon. He's crazy. He's a genius, but he's crazy. I can already tell it's going to be good working with him again. Living in Sirius's house is odd when he's not here on the weekdays. On the weekends we go out, and work on these motorcycles we're going to rig to fly. Sirius said he's got a pretty good idea what not to do this time, so it should be slightly less dangerous. I'm prepared for just about anything. If I break my neck, though, you can have my socks. I'm sure you'll find something romantic on their labels. Ron and Hermione send their love. They've decided to move in with each other, although Ron tells me that it's "not that way". I've got to go. I'm having supper with the Lupins. Anna is making me her spaghetti. I can't wait. Love from your, Let me guess. They had you over for dinner so that Anna could tell you the good news in person. Isn't it wonderful? I'm afraid we're going to have to cut down some of our talking and snogging time to buy something for the baby. Anna doesn't know, but it's a boy. Her Divination sense has been heightened with her pregnancy, but it seems that she's blocked with her own future. I think that she knows that I know, but she hasn't asked me to tell her anything. There's something about surprise for Seers. Yes, that was a hint. I'm thinking of something that's red and smells pretty that you can buy at a florist shop. Class work keeps getting rougher and rougher. I think that the day at Hogsmeade with you will be just what I need. See you in two days. I'm missing you, Harry Potter. So much so that it's ridiculous. I won't let it affect my school work, or anything of that nature, but sometimes when I close my eyes, I can almost smell you behind me and I turn around quickly, and you're not there. Two days is not fast enough. Love from your, Of course they invited me so that they could tell me! You should have seen Remus. The old bloke is so proud and happy he can hardly see straight. He didn't think that he and Anna could have a child, or so he tells me. Thought they were both too old, or something, and Anna's on cloud nine. They've got all these plans. The poor kid. I had to tell them to slow down because he wasn't even born yet. So, it's a boy? Why am I not surprised that you know that? What do you think they'll name him? Remus told me some things about my parents, about the plans they'd made for me when Mum found out that she was pregnant. I'm learning more about them every day. Sirius has photo albums, and things that I didn't even know existed, like notes they all wrote in class. Either Sirius was a paper saver, or my mum had more access to their stuff than they thought. I'm missing you, too. The blokes on the Cannons keep pictures of their girls in their lockers. Says it keeps them focused. It occurs to me that I don't really have a picture of you… just you. Will you send one or have one ready for me tomorrow? I think that might help. It's only twenty-six hours, fifteen minutes and nineteen… no, eighteen seconds until I get to see you again. I find myself wondering if your hair still smells the same, if your laugh is as wonderful as I remember it, and if you taste as good as I seem to think you do. The time keeps ticking, but not fast enough for me. Now I've got to wait twenty-six hours, thirteen minutes and forty-five seconds. Love from your, Thank you for the lovely time in Hogsmeade. The flowers were lovely, the envy of every girl in Gryffindor. I just didn't know you would send so many. They fill my dormitory with a lovely scent. The fact that they were roses didn't escape me either. I don't know how you found out that they were my favorite, but whichever brother it was is getting an especially nice Christmas gift this year. I can't decide what was my favorite part of the day. Holding your hand and walking into the Three Broomsticks was good. Kissing you in front of the bookstore was amazing. Not kissing you in Zonko's was fun, particularly because of that look you got on your face. Oh Harry, I miss you so much. It's only been three days since we last talked, but I have so much to say, to tell you. The necklace you bought me hasn't come off since you clasped it for me. I can still feel the tingle of your fingers on the back of my neck, and your breath there as well. That might have been my favorite part of the day. You wanted to know about school, so I will tell you. Class work, oh class work. Harry, I'm seriously beginning to fear for my mental health. I've learned so many spells and wand movements and charms and counter curses that I found myself trying to levitate something with "Wingardium Flipendo" the other day. The result was not pretty, but I didn't have to spend too much time in the hospital wing. I've decided to start every other sentence with Harry, as it's beginning to be my favorite word. As in, "guess what Harry sent me?" or, "Harry wrote to me yesterday and said the loveliest thing", or just simply on a sigh, "Harry." It's nice to have time to sigh over you, Harry. See? Harry, I've enclosed that picture for you. It warmed my heart that you would ask for one. I've been walking on air so much lately that friends keep having to pull me back to the ground, and it's all your fault. Love from your, The N.E.W.T.s continue to destroy your brain cells, I see. I wish I could have been a fly on the wall when you set that feather on fire. You gave me a bad moment there when you said you hadn't taken the necklace off. It took a vast amount of concentration to pull my mind from all the places you would have had to have worn it if you hadn't, like the shower. Nobody told me about the roses, I just knew. Well, that's my story and I'm sticking to it. If you ask your mum, though, I'm sure her version would be slightly different. I'm feeling wonderful now. So much better since I've seen you and we've talked. It wasn't too painful to visit Hogsmeade, to see where Neville had died, though it still hurts me. I wish that we could have done something differently to change all that, but we couldn't have, and I'm beginning to realize that. It's now my job to float in the air, but your letters make that so much easier, I probably wouldn't have to use my Firebolt if Wood didn't make me after I receive one of your letters. You said you couldn't decide what your favorite memory of our day in Hogsmeade was, but I know what mine is. You get this wonderful look in your eyes when I'm about to kiss you. It's surprise, and wonder, and mischief, all at once. I love that look, and you, so my favorite memory is standing outside of the bookstore and kissing you senseless, because that look stayed in your eyes for a bit longer. Ron and Hermione have had a bit of a falling out, again. I'm sure it will all blow over soon enough, but I'm just giving you a warning. Love from your, Mum says that the idea was, of course, all yours, but that she poked you a bit in the right direction. You're off the hook. I'm glad to hear that you aren't feeling so… mopey, though I would recommend using your Firebolt, even if you think you don't need it. I love your neck too much for you to break it. Ron and Hermione again, hmm? Let's stay out of this one, Harry. I miss you, and I'll love you forever. I've got to go now, my eyes won't stay open. Tell Hedwig to rest a bit. She's looking peaky.
Dog bites in humans are a public health problem worldwide. The issues of increasing stray dog populations, rabies outbreaks, and the risk of dogs biting humans have been frequently reported by the media in Bhutan. This study aimed to estimate the bite incidence and identify the risk factors for dog bites in humans, and to estimate human deaths from rabies in rabies endemic south Bhutan. A hospital-based questionnaire survey was conducted during 2009–2010 among dog bites victims who visited three hospitals in Bhutan for anti-rabies vaccine injection. Decision tree modeling was used to estimate human deaths from rabies following dog bite injuries in two rabies endemic areas of south Bhutan. Three hundred and twenty four dog bite victims were interviewed. The annual incidence of dog bites differed between the hospital catchment areas: 869.8 (95% CI: 722.8–1022.5), 293.8 (240–358.2) and 284.8 (251.2–323) per 100,000 people in Gelephu, Phuentsholing and Thimphu, respectively. Males (62%) were more at risk than females (P<0.001). Children aged 5–9 years were bitten more than other age groups. The majority of victims (71%) were bitten by stray dogs. No direct fatal injury was reported. In two hospital areas (Gelephu and Phuentsholing) in south Bhutan the annual incidence of death from rabies was 3.14 (95% CI: 1.57–6.29) per 100,000 population. The decision tree model predicted an equivalent annual incidence of 4.67 (95% CI: 2.53–7.53) deaths/100,000 population at risk. In the absence of post exposure prophylaxis, the model predicted 19.24 (95% CI: 13.69–25.14) deaths/year in these two areas. Increased educational awareness of people about the risk of dog bites and rabies is necessary, particularly for children in rabies endemic areas of Bhutan. Dog bites in humans are a public health problem worldwide. We conducted a hospital based questionnaire survey and described the incidence and risk factors for human dog bites in Bhutan. We also estimated the human death rate attributable to rabies in two rabies endemic areas of south Bhutan. Our study shows that dog bites incidents in humans are common in the survey areas. There were significant gender and age differences in bite incidents; males and the children are affected the most. The majority of the victims were bitten by stray dogs, increasing the risk of rabies infection if not treated in time. Our decision tree model predicted 2.23 (95% CI: 1.20–3.59) human deaths from rabies/year, equivalent to an annual incidence of 4.67 (95% CI: 2.53–7.53) deaths/100,000 in the two rabies endemic areas of south Bhutan. In the absence of post exposure prophylaxis, the model predicted 19.24 (95% CI: 13.69–25.14) deaths/year in these two areas. The public should be encouraged to visit hospitals for post exposure prophylaxis following dog bite injury in south Bhutan. Citation: Tenzin, Dhand NK, Gyeltshen T, Firestone S, Zangmo C, Dema C, et al. (2011) Dog Bites in Humans and Estimating Human Rabies Mortality in Rabies Endemic Areas of Bhutan. PLoS Negl Trop Dis 5(11): e1391. doi:10.1371/journal.pntd.0001391 Editor: Jakob Zinsstag, Swiss Tropical Institute, Switzerland Received: May 12, 2011; Accepted: September 26, 2011; Published: November 22, 2011 Copyright: © 2011 Tenzin et al. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. Funding: Mr. Tenzin was supported by a University of Sydney International Research Scholarship. The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript. Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist. Dog bites in human are a serious public health problem and have been well documented worldwide , . In the United States, 4.7 million people were estimated to have been bitten by dogs in 1994 (an incidence rate of 16.1/1000 in adults and 24.5/1000 in children), of whom 800,000 required medical treatment . Later, a survey conducted during 2001–2003 in the USA estimated 4.5 million dog bites each year (an incidence rate of 16.6/1000 in adults and 13.1/1000 in children), an increase of 3% in adults and a decrease of 47% in children . There have been similar reports of human dog bites in the United Kingdom , Belgium , Spain , Switzerland , Australia , India , and in the United Republic of Tanzania . There are also several reports of dog bites incidents from other countries – but most cases are believed to be unreported, especially in developing countries. The consequences of dog bites to humans are many. Although the most common issue is the direct physical injury, sometimes the injuries may cause permanent disfigurement of the victims requiring reconstructive surgery , , , psychological trauma and post traumatic stress , , , and rarely attacks can be fatal , –. Dog bites also result in a large monetary expense for treatment, emergency hospitalization and post-exposure treatment for rabies , –. For instance, the annual medical cost and other expenses associated with dog bites in the USA were estimated to be between $235.6 and $ 253.7 million in 1994  while the French Postal Services reported 58,000 days of sick leave resulting from 3,357 bites to postal workers costing about US $ 2.5 million in 1985 . Globally ≥15 million people receive rabies prophylaxis annually, mainly for dog bite injuries . In addition, dog bite incidents also have direct impacts on the dogs involved in the bites, resulting in their relinquishment to shelters and euthanasia , –. Legislative action (e.g. Dangerous Dog Acts) have also been implemented in some developed countries to ban specific breeds of dogs because of the issue of increased bite incidents , ; such legislation does not appear to have been effective in reducing the incidence and severity of the bites. However, the severity of dog bite incidents is striking in developing countries: a vast majority of victims die from rabies infection. There are an estimated 55,000 human deaths annually, particularly in Asia and Africa, due to endemic canine rabies . Like other countries, dog bites are common in Bhutan because of the presence of a large number of stray dogs in the streets , . Although no cases of directly fatal dog attacks on humans have been documented, deaths due to rabies from dog bites have been reported in south Bhutan , . Dog bites and the presence of rabies in the south border areas of Bhutan also results in substantial cost to the government , . For example, approximately Bhutanese ngultrum (Nu.) one million was spent on rabies vaccine from 2002 to 2005 and the expenditure increased to about Nu.5.878 million in 2006 alone (Nu. 45 = 1 US$) , . In addition, rabies outbreaks also cause a substantial cost to farmers from the deaths of farm animals as a result of spill over infection from dogs , . Recently, there has been considerable media coverage on the stray dog population, the risk of dog bites to humans, and public nuisance in Bhutan , –, yet there is no clear information about the epidemiology of human dog bites in Bhutan. Therefore, understanding the epidemiology of dog bites and the number of human deaths caused by rabies is important for public health planning program. One of the approaches to understanding the scale of human deaths due to rabies is the use of decision tree models. This methodology has been developed by Cleaveland et al.  using active rabies surveillance data in Tanzania. The model is designed based on a series of probability steps using the distribution of bite injury on different body parts and the probability of developing rabies. More recently this decision tree model has been used by the World Health Organization to estimate human deaths from rabies in Asia and Africa overall. Globally, a total of 55,000 (90% CI: 24,000–93,000) human rabies deaths annually was predicted . Fevre et al.  have also used this model to estimate human rabies deaths in Uganda using passive surveillance dog bite data. All these studies have provided clear information about the burden of rabies for proper planning program. In this study, we report the results of a dog bite survey conducted in three hospital areas of Bhutan. The objectives of this study were to: - estimate the incidence of human dog bites, describe characteristics of bites and to identify risk factors for dog bites in some areas of Bhutan; - understand the level of general knowledge and practice about rabies among bite victims; and - estimate the number of human deaths due to rabies in two hospitals areas of south Bhutan (rabies endemic areas) using a decision tree model and compare the estimates to the observed data. The findings from this study are expected to guide dog bite and rabies prevention and control programs in Bhutan. Materials and Methods Study area and conduct of the survey This study was conducted during 2009–2010 at three government medical hospitals in Bhutan – Jigme Dorji Wangchuk National Referral Hospital (JDWNRH), Gelephu Regional Referral Hospital (GRRH) and Phuentsholing General Hospital (PGH). These hospitals were selected because they provided the highest numbers of courses of rabies post exposure prophylaxis (PEP) to people during the preceding four years (2005–2008) . JDWNRH is located in the capital city of Bhutan – Thimphu (interior western Bhutan), whereas GRRH and PGH are located in Bhutan–India border towns in the south-west and the south-central regions, respectively. The catchments of GRRH and PGH hospitals are endemic areas for rabies, whereas rabies has not been reported in dogs or other domestic animals in Thimphu (catchments area for JDWNRH) for at least 18 years . Although rabies is not prevalent in the interior north of Bhutan, anti-rabies vaccination is normally administered to dog bite patients visiting hospitals for treatment due to the presence of rabies in south Bhutan . In this survey, all dog bite victims who visited the injection section of these three hospitals to receive anti-rabies vaccine injections were interviewed using a pre-tested structured questionnaire designed to obtain information about the epidemiology of dog bite and bite-victim's knowledge about rabies. The questionnaire included closed questions about the demographics of the victims, circumstances of bite incidents, body parts injured and the degree of injury, ownership of biting animals, the level of knowledge about rabies, and post bite home treatment (washing of bite wound) prior to visiting the hospital for medical treatment. The interviews were conducted by the staff nurse of the respective hospitals providing PEP rabies vaccination, after the patients were prescribed rabies vaccine by the clinician on duty. The survey was conducted from 18 February 2009 to 8 February 2010 at PGH, 16 February to 20 September 2009 at JDWNRH, and from 11 February to 4 December 2009 at GRRH. The purpose of the study was explained to each individual and they were informed that participation was voluntary and data collected were confidential. The participants who agreed to be interviewed were made to sign a consent form. The study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the Human Research and Epidemiology Unit, Ministry of Health, Bhutan (reference No. RESEARCH/PROPOSAL/08/8636). The questionnaire data were entered into a database (EpiInfo version 3.5.1). Descriptive analyses of the data were performed using a statistical software package (SPSS version 11.5, SPSS Inc, Chicago IL). Bhutan population census data from 2005  were used to determine the population at-risk in the three hospital catchment areas. Dog bite incidence was calculated for each hospital catchment area and was expressed as the number of bite cases per 100,000 population at-risk. The initial plan to conduct the survey in each hospital for one year had to be modified due to logistical reasons. Therefore, because the survey period was variable between the three study areas (<12 months), the annual incidence for each hospital catchment area was estimated and was expressed as number of bite cases per 100,000 population at-risk per year. The relationship between the number of bite cases and population density of the three hospital catchment areas according to age group was examined using the Spearman rank correlation test. Chi-square tests were used to compare the difference in proportions of dog bites between gender, age group and other variables. To make meaningful comparisons between age groups, observed frequencies of bites for various age groups were compared with expected frequencies calculated from the 2005 Bhutan census data . For other variables, equal expected frequencies were assumed between groups. The variables of interest – such as occupation of the victims, ownership of dog involved in the bite incident, circumstances of bite incidents and knowledge about rabies – were compared among the three hospitals using Chi-square tests. A p-value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant. In addition, standardized morbidity ratios (SMRs) were calculated for gender and age categories to examine whether there was any significant difference between the observed and the expected bite incidents in each category. This was expressed as: SMR = observed frequencies÷expected frequencies. The expected frequencies for each category were calculated using the 2005 catchment area census population for each hospital . Modeling human rabies deaths We estimated human rabies deaths in the two hospital areas (Phuentsholing and Gelephu) of south Bhutan by using dog bite data and constructing a decision tree model developed by Cleaveland et al. . Dog bite data from JDWNRH (interior west Bhutan, described in the descriptive analyses in this paper) was excluded from this model to avoid biased estimates since no rabies cases have been reported (either in dogs and humans) in that hospital region for at least 18 years. The decision tree model consists of 10 probability steps (P1 to P10) (Figure 1 and Table 1). The first step P1 is the rabies recognition probability (the proportion of suspected rabid dog bites that are, in fact, rabid) . In our survey dog bite victims had no knowledge about the status of the biting dog (whether rabid or not) and no biting dogs were traced back to observe their rabies status. Therefore, the disease status of the biting dogs was unknown. However, we used the proportion positive to rabies virus (by florescence antibody test) of rabies suspected dogs in these two areas for the period 1996 to May 2011. A total of 46 dog brain samples were collected from these two hospital areas and submitted to the Veterinary Laboratories in Bhutan for rabies virus confirmation. Of these, 33 (72%) samples were positive for rabies virus by FAT. Therefore, the rabies recognition probability (P1) in dogs was estimated to be 72% for this analysis (Table 1). In addition, a sensitivity analysis was conducted on P1 using different rabies recognition probabilities to explore the impact on the final model output (Figure 2). The probability of rabies recognition was 68% (17/25) in Tanzania , 51% (43/85) in Kenya , 42% to 77% in Uganda , and between 38% to 50% in Asia and 64% in Africa . The model is adapted from Cleaveland et al., 2002 (reference number 11). Probabilities (P1–P10) are defined in Table 4 and described in the methods section. The probability calculated represents the probability of death following the bite of a suspect rabid dog. Deaths are predicted in Phuentsholing and Gelephu areas of south Bhutan in relation to rabies recognition probability (P1) and mean number of human rabies deaths reported, adapted from Cleaveland et al., 2002 (reference number 11). For the P2–P5 probability steps, the dog bite injury data were classified according to the distribution of bites on different body parts: head/neck (P2); hand/arms (P3), trunk (P4), and legs/thigh (P5) (Figure 1 and Table 1); and the age group of the victims: 0–4; 5–9; 10–14, and >15 years of age (Table 2). The point estimates (proportion of bites) on each body part and according to each age group were then calculated using the dog bite data (Tables 1 and 2). The probability (P6–P9) of developing rabies following the bite of a rabid dog to the head (P6), arms (P7), trunk (P8) and legs (P9) were 45%, 28%, 5% and 5%, respectively , ,  (Table 1). The last step, the probability of receiving post exposure treatment (P10) was determined on the basis of previously published data . There is a very high probability of people receiving PEP in these areas of Bhutan due to endemicity of rabies, rabies vaccine being freely available in the hospitals, easy accessibility of these hospitals (centrally located in the towns) and due to free medical services. Our previous study  on the use of PEP in Bhutan showed that large doses of anti-rabies vaccination were freely provided to all patients with dog bite injuries (even in the interior of Bhutan where rabies is not present) and also to all the WHO categories of exposure (I, II and III) . To account for this in the model, we used the following as the probability of receiving PEP following a bite from a suspected rabid dog in these two study areas: minimum = 80%, most likely = 90% and maximum = 95% (Table 1). The probability of dying of rabies following a bite from a suspected rabid dog was then calculated from the probability parameters using the formula  Pdeath (probability of death) = P1×((P2×P6)+(P3×P7)+(P4×P8)+(P5×P9))×(1−P10). Then the total number of deaths (Tdeath) caused by rabies per year in these two hospital region were calculated using the formula  Tdeath = (I×Q×Pdeath/100 000), in which ‘I’ is the incidence of suspected rabid dog bites per 100,000 population at risk per year and ‘Q’ is the total population at-risk (n = 47721) which was based on the 2005 population and housing census data of Bhutan . The confidence limits for the total number of deaths from rabies were calculated by assigning the probability distribution to the inputs parameters  and running Monte Carlo simulations for 10,000 iterations using R software (version 2.12.0 (210-10-15), R Development Core Team, http://www.r-project.org). The mean and the 95% confidence interval were estimated. The total number of human deaths due to rabies was also estimated in each age category of dog bite victims on the basis of the bite injury distribution on the body (Table 3). A total of 339 patients were interviewed at the three hospitals. Fifteen questionnaires were excluded from the analyses because two were incomplete and 13 were related to cat (n = 8) and other animal bite (n = 5) injuries. The final analysis was undertaken on 324 dog bite questionnaires, but not all questions were completed and so the sample size differed for each question analyzed. A total of 131, 100 and 93 dog bite victims were reported to JDWNRH, GRRH and PGH, respectively, for post bite rabies vaccination during 2009–2010. The incidence of bites differed significantly (P<0.001) between the hospital areas: 869.8 (95% CI, 722.8–1022.5), 293.8 (240.9–358.2) and 284.8 (251.2–323.0) per 100,000 population per year in Gelephu, Phuentsholing and Thimphu, respectively. Age and gender of the victims There were significantly more bite cases in males (201/324, 62%) than females (123/324, 38%) (χ2 = 18.78; P<0.001). Males were 1.15 times (95% CI 1.00–1.32) more likely to report dog bites than expected, compared to females (P = 0.053) (Table 4). The median age of all bite cases was 17.5 years and the modal age was 6 years (mean 21.2 years; range: <1 to 80 years). There were significant differences in the proportion of bite victims between various age categories (χ2 = 73; P<0.001). Approximately two-thirds of the bite cases were reported in people <25 years of age. However, those in the age groups 5–9 years were the most common victims of dog bites (74/324; 23%) and were 2.3 times (95% CI 1.83–2.88) more likely to report dog bites than expected, compared to adults or other age categories (P<0.001) (Table 4). There was also significant correlation between dog bite incidents and population density in the three hospital catchment areas according to age group (rs = 0.77; P = 0.005). Figure 3 illustrates the age and gender distribution of dog bites and shows that the incidence of dog bites was greater amongst children aged 5–9 years and greater in males than females across all age groups. Data is based on a survey of dog bite victims attending three hospitals (Jigme Dorji Wangchuk National Referral hospital, Phuentsholing General hospital, Gelephu Regional Referral hospital) in Bhutan, 2009–2010. Occupation of the victims A significant difference (χ2 = 138.44; P<0.001) in the proportion of bites was observed between the various occupational groups of the victims. School children were the most common (45%) victims of dog bites. There were also significant differences among the three hospital catchment areas with respect to the number of bite cases among the various occupational groups (χ2 = 39.83; P<0.001), with school children reporting more bites than other occupational groups in JDWNRH, PGH and GRRH (Table 5). Ownership of dogs involved in the bites The victims were predominantly bitten by stray dogs (231/324; 71%), rather than by owned dogs (93/324; 29%) (χ2 = 58.77; P<0.001). Of the owned dogs, 71 cases were bitten by a neighbor's dog. A significant difference among the three hospital catchment areas was observed with respect to the bite incidents by owned and stray dogs (χ2 = 6.124; P = 0.047), with the largest difference (81 versus 19%) occurring in PGH (Table 5). Circumstances of the bite incident Most bites were reported to be unprovoked (240/295, 81%) rather than provoked (55/295, 19%) (χ2 = 116.02; P<0.001). However, there were no significant differences between the circumstances of bites incidents reported in the three hospitals (χ2 = 3.39; P = 0.183) (Table 5). Anatomical site of bite and injury type Most (90%) dog bites were inflicted on the extremities with 73% on the legs and 18% on the hand/arms. There was a significant difference between the bite incidents and the anatomic sites (χ2 = 412.07; P<0.001). However, a majority of the bites were single bite injuries (218/324, 67%). There was also a significant difference between the severity and anatomic locations of bite wounds (χ2 = 15.18; P<0.019) (Figure 4). Figure 5 illustrates the anatomic location of dog bite wounds according to the age group of the victim. The lower extremities (leg/thigh) were the most common site of bite in all age groups and no significant difference was observed between these two age groups (0–24 versus ≥25 years) with respect to different anatomic bite sites (χ2 = 4.05; P = 0.212). However, no case of a fatal dog bite injury was reported during the study period. Data is derived from victims attending three hospitals (Jigme Dorji Wangchuk National Referral hospital, Phuentsholing General hospital, Gelephu Regional Referral hospital) in Bhutan, 2009–2010 (the number in the figure indicates the number of bite victims). Data is derived from victims attending three hospitals (Jigme Dorji Wangchuk National Referral hospital, Phuentsholing General hospital, Gelephu Regional Referral hospital) in Bhutan, 2009–2010 (the number in the figure indicates the number of bite victims). Age was categorized into the two groups indicated. Status of dogs involved in the bite and availability for observation Of the 320 respondents, a majority (189, 59%) of the victims mentioned that the disease (rabies) status of the dogs involved in the bite incidents was unknown, 101 victims (32%) mentioned that the biting dog looked normal, and 30 victims (9%) mentioned that the biting dogs were suspected of rabies. However, a majority of the victims responded that the biting dog was not available for observation (219/318, 69%). Three respondents mentioned that the dog involved in the bite was killed. There was only borderline significant differences among the three hospital catchments areas with respect to the response of the victims that the dog was unavailable for observation (χ2 = 5.911; P = 0.052). Seasonal distribution of bites Dog bite incidents were reported throughout the year with more bite incidents during the spring months (March–May) (129/324; 40%) followed by winter months (December–February) (90/324; 28%) and autumn (September–November) (72/324; 22%). The reported incidents were lowest during the summer months (June–August) (33/324; 10%). There were significant differences in the proportions of bite incidents between the seasons (χ2 = 58.88; P<0.001). Previous history of dog bite A previous history of dog bite was reported by 40 victims: 33 persons were bitten twice, five persons were bitten three times, and two persons were bitten four times. Knowledge about rabies Of the 318 respondents, a majority (263, 83%) of the victims or the guardian/parents of the victims (in minor cases) was aware of and had heard about the fatality of rabies. There was a significant relationship between the hospital catchment areas with respect to knowledge about rabies (χ2 = 34.26; P<0.001). The proportion of bite victims from the rabies endemic areas reported to two hospitals (GRRH and PGH) were more aware of rabies compared to victims reported to JDWNRH. A majority (277/305, 91%) of the victims were also aware that rabies can be prevented and controlled by regular vaccination of dogs (χ2 = 203.28; P<0.001). However, no significant difference was observed among the three hospitals with respect to the dog bite victims' knowledge that rabies can be prevented by vaccination of dogs (χ2 = 1.054; P = 0.590) (Table 6). Bite wound washing at home Of the 313 respondents, 141 victims (45%) had washed their bite wound with soap and water at home before presenting to the hospital. However, there were no significant differences in the proportions of those who washed and those that did not wash the bite wound at home (χ2 = 3.07; P = 0.08) (Table 6). Rabies post exposure prophylaxis All dog bite victims were given rabies post exposure prophylaxis (vaccine) on the first day (day 0) of their visit to the hospital, irrespective of the epidemiological likelihood of the implicated dog being rabid and the local epidemiology of rabies. The patients were believed to have been advised to complete the course (5 doses) since Bhutan follows the 5-dose intramuscular regimen (36) . However, no post exposure vaccine course data (subsequent vaccine series dada) were collected for our analysis since our earlier study on PEP vaccine use had provided important information about the epidemiologic characteristics of rabies post exposure prophylaxis in Bhutan . The prediction of human rabies death From 2006 to April 2011, there were eight reported human deaths due to rabies in Gelephu (n = 4) and Phuentsholing (n = 4) hospital areas, which accounted for a cumulative incidence of 16.76 deaths/100,000 population. The mean annual number of reported human deaths due to rabies (from 2006 to April 2011) in these two areas were 1.5 (95% 0.75–3.00), equivalent to an annual incidence of 3.14 (95% CI: 1.57–6.29) per 100,000 population. Based on our dog bite survey data, the model predicted 2.23 (95% CI: 1.20–3.59) deaths per year, equivalent to an annual incidence of 4.67 (95% CI: 2.53–7.53) deaths/100,000 population in Gelephu and Phuensholing areas of south Bhutan. Table 3 summarizes the predicted death distribution by age group in these two hospital catchment areas (Gelephu and Phuesholing), and shows that annual human predicted deaths from rabies per 100,000 population were greater for ages <15 years. In the absence of any post exposure treatment, the 223 bite incidents would result in a total of 19.24 (95% CI: 13.69–25.14) deaths per year in these two areas of Bhutan, equivalent to an annual incidence of 40.31 (95% CI: 28.70–52.68)/100,000 populations. Figure 3 shows the predicted annual human deaths due to rabies in the two hospital areas (Gelephu and Phuentsholing) of south Bhutan in relation to different rabies recognition probabilities (P1) and the mean number of deaths reported between 2006 and April 2011. The annual incidence of dog bites was higher in the GRRH catchment area than in the other two hospital catchment areas. This difference could be explained by the geographical location of the individual study areas, population density and the local epidemiology of rabies. It is important to note that the GRRH catchment area is located in the south-central area of Bhutan, which includes towns adjacent to Indian towns across the international border, and has experienced frequent rabies outbreaks . It is likely that the dog bite victims (irrespective of the disease status of biting dogs – whether rabies suspect or normal healthy dogs or pet dogs) might have reported to the GRRH for medical treatment because of a fear of rabies. In addition, high dog population density and trans-border movement of dogs (particularly stray dogs in such border towns) could be another reason for the high incidence of dog bites. A recent media report indicates that about 500 people visited GRRH for dog bite injuries treatment during 2010  which greatly exceeds the number we recorded in our study. Reported dog bite incidents have been increasing, as have human deaths from rabies infection , . The risk factors for human dog bites identified in this study are very similar to those of other studies conducted elsewhere, mostly in developed countries . For instance, dog bite injuries were more common in children, particularly those aged 5–9 years, and more common in males than females. A previous study on post exposure rabies events in humans in Bhutan also showed that PEP were provided more often to younger age groups and to males . In general, our results are in agreement with those from several studies conducted both in developed , , , , , – and developing , , , , ,  countries. Increased dog bite incidents in children is considered a behavioral risk because of their extreme curiosity, lack of inhibition, limited knowledge and experience about dog behavior, and inability to protect themselves from an attack , , , , . It has also been suggested that bites in children are more likely to be reported than in adults because of more parental concern towards children or the severity of their injuries . However, it is also believed that children in developing countries do not report minor bites or scratches to their parents, which increases the risk of rabies infection . Animal bites usually occur as a result of provocation by the victims during play and by abusing/teasing the animal, repeated irritation or as unprovoked bites in which people are attacked , . Our results show that a majority of the dog bites occurred as an unprovoked bite (76%) in which people were attacked and, mostly by stray dogs (68%). This suggests that the presence of a high density of dogs on the street (commonly seen in developing countries, including Bhutan) , ,  is a risk factor for increased reports of dog bites incidents in Bhutan. It has been suggested that human behaviors not generally regarded as provocative can frighten dogs or may be misinterpreted by some dogs as an invasion of their territory and may incite an attack . It is also important to note that the high number of unprovoked bites in this study may be due to biased opinions given by the victims. However, rabid dogs (in rabies endemic countries) would be aggressive and bite people indiscriminately without any provocation. Dog bite injuries to the lower extremities were more common (72%) than to other body parts, irrespective of the age of the victim in this study. This result is in contrast to some other studies in which more bite injuries were reported to the head, neck and face , , , , , , , . However, this difference may be explained by the ownership of the biting dogs, the physical environment of the bite incidents and the study areas. In the developed world, pet dogs (owned dogs or neighbors' dogs) – which are known to the victim – are most commonly involved in bite incidents to the head, neck and face. This may be due to the short stature of children and playful interaction with pets – kissing, hugging and petting , , , , , . Our study showed that people were more commonly bitten by stray dogs and bites occurred more commonly to the lower extremities. Similarly, some other dog bite studies in developing countries have shown that stray dogs were commonly involved in bites to the extremities , , , which is in agreement with our findings. It is also likely that the victims (e.g. children) would have used a hand or leg to abuse/tease the dogs or to separate fighting dogs or defending dog attacks, resulting in more bites on the extremities , . Rabid dog bites to the upper body and extremities (head, neck, arm, hand) are more dangerous than bites to the lower extremities. The median risk of death following rabid dog bites to the head, hand, trunk and legs have been reported to be 45%, 28%, 5% and 5%, respectively , , . Our study showed that dog bite incidents occurred throughout the year, with increased cases from late winter to mid-spring (February through April). It is difficult to correlate factors that might explain this peak during this period in Bhutan. However, there is a possible bias in estimated annual dog bite incidence in this study because the survey could not be conducted for one full year within two of the survey areas due to logistical constraints, and dogs bites might have seasonal variability. Studies in developed countries have reported that most dog bite incidents occur during the spring and summer months , , , , . Such observations have been explained by behavioral changes: more interaction between pets and children during the warmer months with less parental supervision, thus increasing the risk of bite incidents . In Thailand, reports of dog bite incidents in children increased during the months of March–May and October, the period of school vacation . Understanding people's level of knowledge about dog bites and the risk of potential zoonotic disease transmission – particularly rabies – is important for planning an awareness education program. In this study, the majority (81%) of dog bite victims (or the parents/guardian of minors) were aware of rabies, which is in agreement with the results from some other studies in Asia –. However, the respondents that reported to two hospitals (GRRH and PGH) in south Bhutan were more aware of rabies than respondents who reported to JDWNRH in Thimphu. This difference is expected because the south is an endemic region for rabies with frequent reports of outbreaks; the people might have previously seen rabies cases in dogs and farm animals, or might have heard about rabies from family, friends or the news media . The interior of Bhutan is free of rabies and people may not be aware of the disease. On the contrary, most victims (52%) reportedly did not wash their wound with soap and water at home before visiting the hospital for medical treatment. This finding suggests that a proper health educational program on rabies and wound care at home ,  is required. Cleaning and flushing of the bite wound with soap and water immediately after being bitten is one of the most important steps recommended by the WHO. This procedure will remove much of the rabies virus from the wound and may considerably reduce the risk of contacting rabies (if the biting dog is infected with rabies) , . Predicted human deaths due to rabies from the decision tree model were almost the same as the annual mean human rabies deaths reported in these two study areas, indicating that there is no serious under-reporting of rabies in Bhutan. The fatal nature of the disease (with classic rabies symptoms), availability of free medical services and accessibility to the hospitals might be the main reasons for good reporting of human rabies deaths in Bhutan, but some extent of under reporting of dog bites may be possible. The model also predicted that in the absence of any post-exposure treatment, the annual dog bite counts of 223 would result in a total of 19.24 (95% CI: 13.69–25.14) deaths per year in these two areas of Bhutan, which is equivalent to an annual incidence of 40.31 (95% CI: 28.70–52.68) deaths per 100,000 population. Therefore, human rabies PEP is important for rabies prevention in Bhutan. On the basis of laboratory examination of submitted samples in these two areas, a rabies recognition rate of 72% was used in this study. However, the proportion of the victims bitten by a confirmed rabid dog is largely unknown since tracing of the source of biting dogs and confirmation of rabies is not usually done. Active surveillance of bite injuries and tracing of the biting dogs would provide clear information about the public health hazard of rabies. Nevertheless, with high recognition probability of rabies in dogs in these areas, it is important to make people aware of the danger of rabies and encourage reporting to hospitals for post bite treatment. It is important to note that we have estimated human deaths from rabies in two areas of south Bhutan that are endemic for rabies. Accordingly, the human population at-risk for canine rabies was also assumed to be the number of people living within these two hospital catchments areas. We did not include the entire population of Bhutan in order to avoid bias estimates, since rabies cases have not been reported in the interior of Bhutan. In conclusion, this study has provided important information about human dog bites, risk factors and the burden of rabies in Bhutan. The presence of large numbers of stray dogs is a public health issue in Bhutan. Intervention measures should include public educational programs on dog behavior, dog-child interaction, and the importance of responsible dog ownership, particularly in children , . Lessons on dog behavior, the risk of dog bites, bite wound management (e.g. washing with soap and water) and rabies can also be integrated into the elementary school curriculum to educate children on the public health hazard of dog bites . In a randomized control trial of an educational intervention for the prevention of dog bites in children in Australia, Chapman et al.  demonstrated that children who had been educated and provided information on ways to approach dogs displayed appreciably greater precautionary behaviors than children that did not receive any awareness education on dog behaviors and intervention. Therefore, dog bite preventive education is important in children. Similarly, enforcement of regulations for licensing of dogs and rabies vaccination, stray dog population management and animal birth control programs are important to reduce the bite incidents and post bite treatment cost , . One study in Spain has shown a significant decline in hospitalizations caused by dog bites after enactment of stricter regulations on dog ownership . This suggests that a regulatory approach may also help in reducing dog bite injuries in addition to other educational programs. Continuing surveillance of dog bites is necessary to detect trends and evaluate the effect of prevention efforts. For this, a national dog bite database and reporting system implemented through local primary health care centers may be appropriate for the surveillance and monitoring of dog bite incidents in Bhutan. Conceived and designed the experiments: T NKD TG CZ CD RG MPW. Performed the experiments: TG CZ CD RG. Analyzed the data: T NKD SF MPW. Contributed reagents/materials/analysis tools: T NKD SF MPW. Wrote the paper: T NKD MPW. - 1. Overall K, Love M (2001) Dog bites to humans–demography, epidemiology, injury and risk. JAVMA 218: 1923–1934. - 2. Ozanne-Smith J, Ashby K, Stathakis VZ (2001) Dog bite and injury prevention—analysis, critical review, and research agenda. Inj Prev 7: 321–326. - 3. Sacks JJ, Kresnow M, Houston B (1996) Dog bites: how big a problem? Inj Prev 2: 52–54. - 4. Gilchrist J, Sacks JJ, White D, Kresnow M (2008) Dog bites: still a problem? Inj Prev 14: 296–301. - 5. Morgan M, Palmer J (2007) Dog bites. BMJ 334: 413–417. - 6. Keuster TD, Lamoureux J, Kahn A (2006) Epidemiology of dog bites: A Belgian experience of canine behaviour and public health concerns. Vet J 172: 482–487. - 7. Rosado B, Garcıa-Belenguer S, Leon M, Palacio J (2009) A comprehensive study of dog bites in Spain, 1995–2004. Vet J 179: 383–391. - 8. Horisberger U, Stärk KDC, Rüfenacht J, Pillonel C, Steiger A (2004) The epidemiology of dog bite injuries in Switzerland–characteristics of victims, biting dogs and circumstances. Anthrozoos 17: 320–339. - 9. Kreisfeld R, Harrison J (2005) Dog-related injuries. Australian Institute for Health and Welfare 2005. Available: http://www.nisu.flinders.edu.au/pubs/reports/2005/injcat75.php. Accessed: 2010 Nov 23. - 10. Sudarshan MK, Mahendra BJ, Madhusudana SN, Narayana DHA, Rahman A, et al. (2006) An epidemiological study of animal bites in India: Results of a WHO sponsored national-multi-centric rabies survey. J Commun Dis 38: 32–39. - 11. Cleaveland S, Fe'vre EM, Kaare M, Coleman PG (2002) Estimating human rabies mortality in the United Republic of Tanzania from dog bite injuries. Bull World Health Organ 80: 304–310. - 12. Bhanganada K, Wilde H, Sakolsataydorn P, Oonsomba P (1993) Dog bite injuries at a Bangkok teaching hospital. Acta Tropica 55: 249–255. - 13. Chomel BB, Trotignon J (1992) Epidemiologic surveys of dog and cat bites in the Lyon area, France. Eur J Epidemiol 8: 619–624. - 14. Cornelissen JMR, Hopster H (2009) Dog bites in The Netherlands: A study of victims, injuries, circumstances and aggressors to support evaluation of breed specific legislation. Vet J 186: 292–298. - 15. Fe'vre EM, Kaboyo RW, Persson V, Edelsten M, Coleman PG, et al. (2005) The epidemiology of animal bite injuries in Uganda and projections of the burden of rabies. Trop Med Int Health 10: 790–798. - 16. Georges K, Adesiyun A (2008) An investigation into the prevalence of dog bites to primary school children in Trinidad. BMC Public Health 8: 85. doi:10.1186/1471-2458-8-85. - 17. Hossain M, Bulbul T, Ahmed K, Ahmed Z, Salimuzzaman M, et al. (2011) Five-year (January 2004–December 2008) surveillance on animal bite and rabies vaccine utilization in the Infectious Disease Hospital, Dhaka, Bangladesh. Vaccine 29: 1036–1040. - 18. Thomas HF, Banks JA (1990) A survey of dog bites in Thanet. J R Soc Health 110: 173. - 19. Wolff KD (1998) Management of animal bite injuries of the face: Experience with 94 patients. J Oral Max Surg 56: 838–843. - 20. Peters V, Sottiaux M, Appelboom J, Kahn A (2004) Posttraumatic stress disorder after dog bites in children. J Pediatr 144: 121–122. - 21. Schalamon J, Ainoedhofer H, Singer G, Petnehazy T, Mayr J, et al. (2006) Analysis of dog bites in children who are younger than 17 years. Pediatrics 117: e374–e379. doi:10.1542/peds.2005-1451. - 22. Sacks JJ, Sinclair L, Gilchrist J, Golab GC, Lockwood R (2000) Breeds of dogs involved in fatal human attacks in the United States between 1979 and 1998. JAVMA 217: 836–840. - 23. Sacks JJ, Lockwood R, Hornreicht J, Sattin RW (1996) Fatal dog attacks, 1989–1994. Pediatrics 97: 891–895. - 24. Raghavan M (2008) Fatal dog attacks in Canada, 1990–2007. CVJ 49: 577–581. - 25. Weiss HB, Friedman DI, Coben JH (1998) Incidence of dog bite injuries treated in emergency departments. JAMA 279: 51–53. - 26. Sriaroon C, Sriaroon P, Daviratanasilpa S, Khawplod P, Wilde H (2006) Retrospective: animal attacks and rabies exposures in Thai children. Trav Med Infect Dis 4: 270–274. - 27. Daniels DM, Ritzi RBS, O'Neil J, Scherer LRT (2008) Analysis of nonfatal dog bites in children. J Trauma Inj Infect Critical Care 66: S17–S22. - 28. Quinlan KP, Sacks JJ (1999) Hospitalizations for dog bite injuries. JAMA 281: 232–233. - 29. World Health Organization (2010) Rabies vaccines: WHO position paper. Wkly epidemiol rec 85: 309–320. - 30. Miller DD, Staats SR, Partlo C, Rada K (1996) Factors associated with the decision to surrender a pet to an animal shelter. JAVMA 209: 738–742. - 31. Scarlett JM, Salman MD, New JG Jr, Kass PH (1999) Reasons for relinquishment of companion animals in U.S. animal shelters: selected health and personal issues. J App Ani Welfare Sc 2: 41–57. - 32. Patronek GJ, Glickman LT, Beck AM, McCabe GP, Ecker C (1996) Risk factors for relinquishment of dogs to an animal shelter. JAVMA 209: 572–581. - 33. (1991) Dangerous Dogs Act 1991 (c.65). 25 July 1991. Available: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1991/65/introduction. Accessed: 2011 Feb 8. - 34. Jackson T (2005) Is it time to ban dogs as household pets? BMJ 331: 1278. - 35. Knobel DL, Cleaveland S, Coleman PG, Fèvre EM, Meltzer MI, et al. (2005) Re-evaluating the burden of rabies in Africa and Asia. Bull World Health Organ 83: 360–368. - 36. Tenzin , Dhand NK, Ward MP (2011) Human rabies post exposure prophylaxis in Bhutan, 2005–2008: Trends and risk factors. Vaccine 29: 4094–4101. - 37. Bhutan Observer (2008) Who lets the dog out? Available: http://www.bhutanobserver.bt/2008/bhutan-news/04/who-let-the-dog-out.html. Accessed: 2010 Nov 20. - 38. Kuensel (2009) Second rabies fatality in Gelephu. Available: http://www.kuenselonline.com/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=13070. Accessed: 2009 Jul 27. - 39. Kuensel (2011) Boy dies of rabies. Available:http://www.kuenselonline.com/2010/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=19173. Accessed: 2011 Apr 25. - 40. Tenzin , Dhand NK, Dorjee J, Ward MP (2010) Re-emergence of rabies in dogs and other domestic animal in eastern Bhutan, 2005–2007. Epidemiol Infect 139: 220–225. - 41. Tenzin , Sharma B, Dhand NK, Timsina N, Ward MP (2010) Reemergence of rabies in Chhukha district, Bhutan, 2008. Emerg Infect Dis 16: 1925–1929. - 42. Kuensel (2007) Stray free by December 2007. Available: http://www.kuenselonline.com/modules.php?name=ews&file=article&sid=8623. Accessed: 2010 Nov 27. - 43. Kuensel (2007) Rabies: a growing public health concern,. Available: http://www.kuenselonline.com/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=8047. Accessed: 2009 Sep 13. - 44. Kuensel (2010) Six outbreaks in three months. Available: http://www.kuenselonline.com/2010/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=15101. Accessed: 2010 Apr 5. - 45. Kuensel (2010) Boy with rabies in JDWNRH. Available: http://www.kuenselonline.com/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=15185. Accessed: 2010 Apr 14. - 46. Kuensel (2010) Rabid stray attacks child at home. Available: http://www.kuenselonline.com/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=15085. Accessed: 2011 Feb 11. - 47. National Statistical Bureau (2005) Results of the population and housing census of Bhutan 2005. Available:http://www.nsb.gov.bt/pub/phcb/PHCB2005.pdf. Accessed: 2011 Jan 19. - 48. Kitala PM, McDermott JJ, Kyule MN, Gathuma JM (2000) Community-based active surveillance for rabies in Machakos District, Kenya. Prev Vet Med 44: 73–85. - 49. Tenzin , Dhand NK, Ward MP (2011) Patterns of rabies occurrence in Bhutan between 1996 and 2009. Zoonoses Public Health. (in Press). doi:101111/j1863-2378201101393x. - 50. Bhutan Times (2011) Canine fear in Gelephu. Available: http://www.bhutantimes.bt/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=2497&Itemid=1. Accessed: 2011 May 1. - 51. Kuensel (2011) Woman dies of a dog bite in Gelephu. Available: http://www.kuenselonline.com/2010/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=19183. Accessed: 2011 Apr 26. - 52. Sinclair CL, Zhou C (1995) Descriptive epidemiology of animal bites in Indiana, 1990–92 - a rationale for intervention. Public Health Reports 110: 64–67. - 53. Gichrist J, Gotsch K, Annest JL, Ryan G (2003) Nonfatal dog bites related injuries treated in hospital emergency departments, United States, 2001. MMWR 52: 605–610. - 54. Wake A, Stafford K, Minot E (2006) The experience of dog bites: A survey of veterinary science and veterinary nursing students. NZ Vet J 54: 141–146. - 55. Khokhar A, Meena GS, Mehra M (2003) Profile of dog bites cases attending M.C.D. dispensary at Alipur, Delhi. Indian J Commun Med 28: 157–160. - 56. Pancharoen C, Thisyakorn , Lawtongkum W, Wilde H (2001) Rabies exposures in Thai children. Wilderness Env Med 12: 239–243. - 57. Berzon DR, Farber RE, Gordon J, Kelley EB (1972) Animal bites in a large city: A report on Baltimore, Maryland. Am J Public Health 62: 422–426. - 58. Dodet B, Asian Rabies Expert Bureau (2010) Report of the sixth AREB meeting, Manila, The Philippines, 10–12 November 2009: Conference report. Vaccine 28: 3265–3268. - 59. Reisner IR, Shofer FS, Nance ML (2007) Behavioral assessment of child-directed canine aggression. Inj Prev 13: 348–351. - 60. Villa PD, Kahn S, Stuardo L, Iannetti L, Nardo AD, et al. (2010) Free-roaming dog control among OIE-member countries. Pre Vet Med 97: 58–63. - 61. Lang ME, Klassen T (2005) Dog bites in Canadian children: a five-year review of severity and emergency department management. C J Emerg Med 7: 309–314. - 62. Feldman KA, Trent R, Jay MT (2004) Epidemiology of hospitalizations resulting from dog bites in California, 1991–1998. Am J Public Health 94: 1940–1941. - 63. Szpakowski NM, Bonnett BN, Martin SW (1989) An epidemiological investigation into the reported incidents of dog biting in the City of Guelph. CVJ 30: 937–942. - 64. Morton C (1973) Dog bites in Norfolk, Va. Health Service Reports 88: 59–64. - 65. Ostanello F, Gherardi A, Caprioli A, Placa LL, Passini A, et al. (2005) Incidence of injuries caused by dogs and cats treated in emergency departments in a major Italian city. Emerg Med J 22: 260–262. - 66. Matibag GC, Kamigaki T, Kumarasiri PVR, Wijewardana TG, Kalupahana AW, et al. (2007) Knowledge, attitudes, and practices survey of rabies in a community in Sri Lanka. Env Health Pre Med 12: 84–89. - 67. Matibag GC, Ditangco RA, Kamigaki T, Wijewardana TG, Kumarasiri PVR, et al. (2008) Community-based evaluation of health-seeking behaviour of people with animal bite injuries in a district of Sri Lanka. J Int Health 23: 173–179. - 68. Singh US, Choudhary SK (2005) Knowledge, attitude, behaviour and practice study on dog bites and its management in the context of prevention of rabies in a rural community of Gujarat. Indian J Commun Med 30: 7–9. - 69. Ichhpujani RL, Chhabra M, Mittal V, Bhattacharya D, Singh J, et al. (2006) Knowledge, attitude and practices about animal bites and rabies in general community-a multi-centric study. J Commun Dis 38: 355–361. - 70. World Health Organization (1996) WHO recommendations on rabies post-exposure treatment and the correct technique of intradermal immunization against rabies. WHO/EMC/ZOO/966. - 71. Rupprecht CE, Gibbons RV (2004) Prophylaxis against rabies. N Engl J Med 351: 2626–2635. - 72. AVMA (2001) A community approach to dog bite prevention. JAVMA 218: 1732–1749. - 73. Chapman S, Cornwall J, Righetti J, Sung L (2000) Preventing dog bites in children: randomised controlled trial of an educational intervention. BMJ 320: 1512–1513. - 74. Villalbi JR, Cleries M, Bouis S, Peracho V, Duran J, et al. (2010) Decline in hospitalisations due to dog bite injuries in Catalonia, 1997–2008. An effect of government regulation? Inj Prev 16: 408–410.
People in one Idaho Falls neighborhood are feeling less safe in their own homes because of a string of burglaries that took place early Wednesday morning. Police arrested one suspect, but the courts let him go. Now the victims are outraged. "We're actually more scared, knowing that they're out there, than we were before," said Shane Bush, whose workshop, camper and truck were broken into. "You definitely feel violated," said Kevin Whitacre, Bush's neighbor, whose home was also burglarized. Neighbors say all is not well on Stosich Lane. "I have got a heightened awareness of making sure everything's locked," Bush said. Bush, Whitacre and several of their neighbors woke to the sounds of their homes being broken into and their belongings stolen Wednesday morning. Those neighbors are looking for justice. "When you read that someone's been arrested for something, most people kind of feel an assurance that, 'Well, they're off the road and they're in jail,' but that's not true at all," Bush said. Bush's home was the last one hit, because he and his grown son heard the alarm in the shop go off. They grabbed baseball bats and went to investigate. Bush said he saw at least one person running away down the street. He said he caught another person, in his camper, red-handed. "I got up here to the bathroom, and as I cracked the door to the bathroom open, I could see him sitting in there," Bush said. Bush said that person was Marco Zavala-Leal, 18. A judge released Zavala-Leal on Thursday, without bond, on pretrial services. Bush and Whitacre, a former police officer, disagree with the judge's decision. "Time to lock these guys up," Whitacre said. "Kicking them out just lets them victimize more people." "Under our constitution, people are innocent until proven guilty," said Bonneville County prosecutor Bruce Pickett. "(A judge) should look at (a suspect's) criminal history, how long they've been in the area, their ties to the area." Zavala-Leal will have to abide by the judge's conditions until his preliminary hearing, which is scheduled for Oct. 8. Meanwhile, Bush and Whitacre said they're working on starting a neighborhood watch program. Wednesday's string of burglaries happened within a month of a burglary at a veterinary clinic and a home invasion in the same area.
Such howls of derision greeted the news last week, that Hackney has been prosecuting Dalston's Ridley Road market trader Janet Devers, that the government has stepped in. Stepped in what? You might ask. Janet defended herself at her sixth appearance before the Courts last week on charges of not displaying kilos when selling fresh salad and veg in pounds and ounces or by the bowl or the bunch. Like the other "metric martyrs" before her, she was convicted. Janet was given a conditional discharge - the minimum possible punishment. Four further charges still await a jury trial. Hackney's prosecutors, despite being ridiculed in the national press as "jobsworths" and "petty bureaucrats", expressed satisfaction with the outcome. Perhaps their satisfaction was with the order that Janet must pay them £4,800 in legal costs. Hackney has lost tens of thousands of pounds of public money pursuing Janet and other market traders through the Courts. It seemed as though the Hackney disease had become contagious. In Doncaster the local Council is threatening to prosecute a Polish restauranteur because draught beer imported in litres is not being sold in pint glasses. The European Vice-President has been quick to confirm that it's not the EU's knickers that are in a twist. Hackney has been going bananas in Ridley Road market. But it's prosecutions policy has now gone pear shaped. Announcing new guidance, which will effectively restore imperial measurements, the Government's Minister for Innovation (sic) has declared Hackney's prosecutions to be "not in the public interest". Janet said she was pleased with this development and that "Hackney got more than they bargained for when they came to my stall that day." Latest News: Hackney Council has still not restored the electric lighting to Ridley Road market stalls which it cut off last May. Traders are relying on generators and local shops for power. Now Hackney has given traders 14 days to get out of the market's coldstore (recently identified as a "development opportunity site") which, it says, has to be demolished. For more about Ridley Road market click here Watch the video Neneh Cherry and Andi Oliver buy some bunches of callaloo from Janet Devers in Ridley Road. It's the home of the bargain!
Does your Club, Organization, University or Company organize group tours to China? Do you have a group that has a special interest in some place/s or activity in China? China Highlights can help you! China Highlights through its parent company CITS has been in the travel industry in China for almost 50 years. Our knowledge, together with the many relationships that we have developed over that time will ensure that China Highlights provides all that you want. Just look at our advantages: Our Cultural Exchange Products are designed to instill the humanitarian values that encourage a lifetime of service / activity. Through a variety of service learning programs, we work closely with you to design an experience that will be the best fit for your group. Whether it’s a week-long immersion staying with a local famliy or a few days of project work to introduce your group members to the idea of service learning -- our programs give you the opportunity to meet the real life in China. This program offers a special experience involving close contact with pandas. You will help to feed the pandas; clean the enclosure and hose the pandas (in summer) from outside the enclosure. Each participants will be issued a certificate to acknowledge your voluntary service after the program is completed. A good way to get close to, and really experience, country life in Yangshuo is working in the fields. Us ing only simple tools, and plenty of physical exertion, learn how to work in the rice fields with local people. You will get to know the reality of traditional village life. The activity is available in October’s harvest period. Take a visit to a Shanghai longtang, immerse yourself in the culture and experience the life of the Shanghainese. Chat with a local family and learn to speak the local dialect. Our guide will accompany you to visit a local food market, buy ingredients, and prepare lunch with your host. It is an experience never forget. Get closer to local people in Yangshuo, experience growing vegetables and building a simple house the local way. Get more information about locals' daily life. It is an interesting way to experience the cultural differences between China and your country. An insightful activity for culture exchange is having class together with Chinese students. You will have the opportunity to communicate with Chinese students and participate in class activities to find out how Chinese education works. These activities will be done in Gaobeidian Village in Beijing. You will learn traditional Chinese handicrafts, such as making Chinese knots, clay figures, and colorful decorations. A lecture about Chinese culture and history will be presented . There are 2 ways that we can assist you and your customers. Use either or both to maximize the benefits to you: China Highlights has recently launched a new program aimed at Travel Agency Partners to enable us to deal with customers who demand tailor-made services. We become "Your China Branch Office Representatives". We recognize the problems that you face so we have developed the "Your China Branch Office" program as a solution for both of us to meet the needs of these "High-demanding customers". English speaking professional Chinese travel consultants will deal with you and your customers, providing the best and most up to date information and prices. We will provide a local contact in China to provide back-up in an emergency or just a familiar voice at the end of a phone while traveling in China. We save your company worry, time, money and staff. China is one of the fastest growing tourism markets in the world. Get in front of the wave NOW! We invite you to discuss how we can cooperate to take advantage of the opportunities that exist. As an expert in private tours around the world, China Highlights is one of the best reliable tour operator that you I can trust my clients with them. So if you looking for a professional services and detailed orinted tour operator, you have come to the the right partner. Medhat E., Manager Right Travel, United States of America, 2014; More Reviews on The students loved China and appreciated its heritage and culture. Thanks for your contribution in making this school trip a great one! Hilda K., Coordinator, Ibn Khuldoon National School, Kingdom of Bahrain, 2013; More About the Review
Rodney L. Sawyer,50, rural LaGrange County, died on Thursday, April 12, 2012 at his residence. He was born January 17, 1962, in Garrett, to William Allen Jr. and Ruby (Conley) Sawyer. He owned and operated A & R Transport and drove for the Amish community. He was a member of the NRA. He was married May 5, 1980, in West Virginia, to Angela Short. She survives. Also surviving are his mother, Jean Sawyer, LaGrange; one son, Jeremy Sawyer, LaGrange; one daughter, Chastity and Chris Eash, LaGrange; four grandchildren, Jerrod Sawyer, Sapphire Sawyer, Jackson Eash, and Silas Eash; three brothers, Chuck and Tina Sawyer, Howe, Ed and Vada Sawyer, LaGrange, and David Sawyer, LaGrange; two sisters, Regina Creech, Wolcottville, and Naomi and Trinity Adamski, Orland; and several nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by his parents, one sister, Sherry Sawyer, and one brother, Terry Sawyer. Serviceswere held Monday, April 16, at Independent Baptist Church in South Milford with Reverend Willie Collins and Reverend Earl Bolen officiating. Burial is in Woodruff Cemetery, Wolcottville. Memorials may be directed to the family. Online condolences may be sent at www.hitefuneralhome.com. Hite Funeral Home in Kendallville was in charge of arrangements.
InvacareÂ® Reusable Chair Pad Absorbent inner layers and waterproof backing shields seating surface from fluid damage and soiling. Features 3 layers of protection including a 100% waterproof vinyl backed polyester backing that locks out moisture and staining, a poly/rayon super absorbent soaker layer that absorbs and traps fluids, and a quilted cotton blend dry-touch top layer that wicks moisture into the pad protecting the skin and maintaining skin wellness. Non-slip bottom layer keeps the pad flat and in place. Machine wash and dry with bleach. Latex-free and lead-free. One year warranty. Measures 21"Wx 22"D.
|Topic Review (Newest First)| |01-12-2013 02:19 PM| |nvladik||Thanks, I deff appreciate the offer and one day want to meet up. Can't this weekend, kids are sick. But I think I can pick this thing up in a local store for sure. How much do I dose if I do get it?| |01-12-2013 11:56 AM| Originally Posted by ThatGuyWithTheFish View Post Originally Posted by nvladik View Post |01-12-2013 11:50 AM| Morning all. I have two more deaths in the tank, looks like 100% confirmed as molting issue as I saw one female trying to molt for an hour with no success. Even tried to help by giving here something more solid to grab on to. At this point GH was upped, I added a small piece or coral for calcium. More calcium or is there anything else I should try? |01-10-2013 12:01 AM| |nvladik||Eventually I will get to them also!| |01-09-2013 11:45 PM| |ThatGuyWithTheFish||You should try Supreme Reds. So far, I've been very disappointed with my Fire Reds.| |01-09-2013 12:32 PM| |nvladik||Cool, thanks. I will add some crushed coral to the tank today.| |01-09-2013 12:06 PM| |acitydweller||Its a sign that he is molting soon. best to add some calcium asap to ease transition out of the old shell. also ease up on the dosing until the mystery deaths stop... do you dose anything specifically for the shrimp? they need supplements to stay healthy and colorful. trouble happens when they cant source what they need from the environment or foods .| |01-09-2013 11:51 AM| So some good news this morning. I raised GH and temp by 2 degrees yesterday and no new deaths. So thanks everyone for ideas. Have another question I need help with. One of the cherries has a very visible white line where the shells connect, is this normal? Crappy iPhone pic, but the vertical line is visible. |01-08-2013 03:08 PM| |01-08-2013 03:05 PM| |acitydweller||Sorry for a hundred questions but what's the volume of your tank?| |01-08-2013 02:34 PM| |01-08-2013 02:31 PM| |acitydweller||1/4 tsp of ?| |01-08-2013 02:22 PM| |01-08-2013 02:21 PM| |nvladik||I thought about it, but I doubt it. 3 bps, 2 hours before the lights go on, off 1 hour before lights off, total 6 hours a day. Drop checker barely starts changing color from blue.| |01-08-2013 02:19 PM| |sbarbee54||Could just be CO2 posioning, what are you running your CO2 at?| |This thread has more than 15 replies. Click here to review the whole thread.|
North Shore Farmhouse | What’s New Is Old AgainNorth Shore Farmhouse | A Race to the Punch ListNorth Shore Farmhouse | House Requires Some AssemblyNorth Shore Farmhouse | Making New Look OldThe North Shore Farmhouse | 400 Years of Home TechnologyNorth Shore Project | Up on the RoofNorth Shore Farmhouse | North Shore FramezillaNorth Shore Farmhouse | Truck In the New HouseNorth Shore Farmhouse | The North Shore Is a BlastNorth Shore Farmhouse | This Old New HouseBelmont Victorian | Good-bye, Tired Old HouseBelmont Victorian | The Final CountdownBelmont Victorian | Inside-Out RestorationBelmont Victorian | What’s Old Is New AgainBelmont Victorian | This Old Tree HouseBelmont Victorian | Grinding Out the DetailsBelmont Victorian | Victorian WarmthBelmont Victorian | True ColorsBelmont Victorian | Antiques for an Antique HouseBelmont Victorian | Victorian 2.0Belmont Victorian | Opening the Entry Vermont PBS educates, informs, entertains and inspires Vermonters to be lifelong learners and engaged in their community.From Local Debates to National Conventions, Vermont PBS Has You Covered. Learn about our second HD broadcast service offering alternative programming and more content from local and regional producers. The Wish List is where we display things our station needs. If you enjoy tangible giving, you might consider funding an item – individually or with a group. Click for more info Upcoming and featured! People talk about Vermont PBS!
The following guidelines for faculty represent suggestions made at meetings of prelaw advisors and admissions officers. The CWS encourages students to provide a copy of this section to faculty members who are writing letters of reference for them. Law schools will accept a general letter of reference, which allows faculty recommenders to write one letter per applicant and send it to the Law School Admissions Council (LSAC) Credential Assembly Service (CAS). The applicant will provide you with the LSAC form that must accompany your letter. When you send a letter directly to the CAS, it is very helpful to also send a copy to the Center for Work and Service where it will become part of the applicant’s record. In a few instances, you may wish to write a targeted letter of reference addressing the strong fit between an applicant and a particular law school. You may send both your targeted and general letters to the CAS, each accompanied by its own LSAC form provided to you by the applicant. In 2010, the LSAC launched an online “Evaluator” service, which the law schools may use as a form of reference in addition to the more traditional letter. Law schools using the Evaluator option typically do so alongside the traditional letter of reference. The applicant will tell you what she needs. References for law school provide assistance to all candidates. They are particularly important when admissions committees have to choose among applicants whose grades and LSAT scores are similar. The schools need to know what in an applicant’s background, classroom work, extracurricular activities, or other experience makes her unique and distinguished from other applicants. Law schools look for: motivation for law, high intelligence, superior analytical and critical thinking, curiosity, persistence, realism, flexibility, independence, self-discipline, stability, high competitiveness, and integrity. The views below, taken from "Recommendation Letters," written by Richard Badger, Associate Dean for Graduate Programs, University of Chicago Law School, express the sentiments of many admissions committees: Legal education and the legal profession...emphasize some skills over others and the following comments may help writers who are not familiar with these distinctions: Language is the lawyer’s working tool and the best law students are those who have the ability to write and speak with precision, fluency and economy. Not only must the student be able to communicate his or her own thoughts clearly, but he or she must have the ability to read and listen carefully with an eye and ear for fine points and subtle distinctions. Legal education demands well developed analytical skills and the ability to juggle multiple variables. Legal reasoning at one time or another involves deductive reasoning, inductive reasoning and reasoning by analogy. The best students can think independently, have the ability to cut through to the essentials and can distinguish the relevant from the extraneous. Contrary to what many believe about the law, there are few clear and distinct legal rules. A tolerance for this ambiguity and the ability to recognize exceptions and qualifications which may modify general rules are characteristics of successful law students. In short, a reference should consider whether an applicant is likely to be stimulated or frustrated by questions where there are no correct answers. The nature of legal education-- large classes, competitive pressure, and substantial amounts of material to be mastered-- may make some personality traits more important in law school than in other academic programs. Students will often learn as much from their classmates as from the faculty. Thus, interaction among students is an important feature of legal education and those who enjoy engaging in discussion in and outside of class are more likely to flourish in this atmosphere. The student who is intellectually alive and curious is more likely to sustain academic progress where there is little reinforcement between examinations. A student must be diligent and well organized to handle large quantities of material. A well developed sense of humor and a mature attitude are particularly helpful in adjusting to the pressures which many students will experience in law school. A strong letter of reference will discuss how long and in what capacity you have known the applicant, her strengths, unusual aspects of her background that might enhance her academic work, and significant extracurricular involvement during her college years. Discuss the applicant’s academic background in greater detail than a listing of courses. If you know that she has taken the most rigorous academic series, or has chosen to complete a very demanding individual project, relay these matters to the admissions committee. Some valid information may come more gracefully from you than from the applicant. The applicant may have gotten a B in a very difficult course in which B was the highest grade given. She may have been the most effective student member of a committee. She may have had a bad semester for valid personal reasons. She may have carried job responsibilities going well beyond what the job title indicates. Such information may be difficult for the applicant to state without sounding immodest or defensive. Admissions officers really want to know what a person is like. Specific examples are more valuable than generalities.
The importance of appearing confident I've been neglecting this blog for some time, but thanks to a nice reminder from a reader, I'm back. As translators, we need to be humble about our work. Translation spans so many fields, from foreign-language study, to writing, to subject-matter knowledge–not to mention the actual skill of translation–that it's nearly impossible to fully master every aspect of our profession. Part of this humility means being willing to consider that you might be wrong. Even if I'm confident about a translation, I think seriously about any feedback I get. In fact, a lot of my mistakes come from translations I'm very confident about, because I'm less likely to do a lot of deep thinking over "simple" translations. That said, translators also need to give their clients an appearance of confidence. If you don't seem confident about your translation, your client will be even less confident about it. I experienced this early in my career, with one of my first clients. When this client asked whether an alternative translation would work, I'd accept their alternative whenever possible. If the client claimed that one of my translations was incorrect, I'd fix it to their liking. Of course, being a new translator I made a lot more mistakes than I do now. And I was eager to please, because I didn't have a lot of clients. But I was changing my translations even when my original was actually better (and their change was plain wrong). Over time, this client asked for more and more changes, to the point where they (native speakers of Japanese with dubious English-language ability) were "teaching" me the finer points of English grammar. Although this often provided some needed comic relief, it took time away from actual translation work, and hurt the quality of my translations. I learned from that experience to stick to my guns with my translations. I consider my client's feedback, but if I still believe my translation to be the best, then I'll let the client know, and explain why. If the client still insists on the change, I'll make it–but letting the client know the problem. It took a lot of work, and a lot of patient explaining, but over time my clients began to accept a response of "the original is better"; and they began asking fewer questions as well. Of course, I was also getting better over this time, but I'm certain that my greater show of confidence also helped. Don't offer alternative translations This is another way to appear to lack confidence. When you're not sure about how something should be translated, it can be tempting to offer a couple of alternatives for the client to choose from. You might even think that you're offering a greater service by doing this. I think that this is a mistake for a few reasons: - It sends the message that you lack confidence. - It makes the client choose, and people hate to make choices (they think they do, but are more satisfied when they don't have to make them). - It assumes your client is better able to choose the right translation than you are (if so, why did they hire you?). - It probably means you didn't ask enough questions about the purpose of the document (Is it for a general audience, or for engineers? For in-house use, or publication?). The more you know about what the document is for, the more sure you'll be about how to translate it. Although it's important to be humble about your work, there's a fine line between humility and wishy-washiness. Just as important as accepting client feedback is projecting an attitude that says, "Trust me, I'm an expert."
BAGHDAD (AP) - Iraq's deputy prime minister says the country's electricity minister has been fired after signing two deals worth $1.7 billion without following the proper government guidelines. Hussain al-Shahristani told The Associated Press on Sunday that Electricity Minister Raad Shalal signed the deals to supply and install power plants with two Canadian and German companies instead of dealing directly with the manufacturers. Neither one of the companies qualifies as a manufacturer. A Cabinet official said Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki's decree will be sent to parliament for approval. The official said an investigation is under way to determine whether there was any criminal wrongdoing. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to brief the media on the details.
North Korea spent $42 million on promoting Kim cult: report - Navjot Sidhu: Quit RS because I was told to stay away from Punjab - Chinkara poaching case: Salman Khan acquitted by Rajasthan High Court - SC issues notice to Vijay Mallya on bank plea seeking contempt proceedings - Journalists' visa issue: Chinese media warns India of repercussions - Parliament LIVE: Speaker Mahajan advises Mann not to attend proceedings till decision arrived at North Korea spent USD 41.5 million this year promoting the personality cult surrounding the ruling Kim dynasty, a South Korean government report said today. A cool USD 9.5 million was dropped on new statues of founder Kim Il-Sung and his late son Kim Jong-Il in six separate places, the Unification Ministry said, citing calculations from South Korean civilian experts. Some USD 32 million went on giant frescoes of the two leaders that were painted in halls in 400 different locations during the year, the report said. Pictures of the two Kims hang inside every North Korean home, while their bronze likenesses can be seen everywhere across the impoverished nation. In April, towering statues of both men were unveiled in Pyongyang, soon after a failed rocket launch that had been condemned by the United States as an attempted ballistic missile test. In October, state television showed a new giant statue of Kim Jong-Il being erected at a military base. The Unification Ministry report estimated that the North's long-range missile programme had cost it USD 1.34 billion in 2012. - The recent violence against Dalits in Gujarat is a fallout of the Sangh Parivar’s diktats on food - Turkey’s coup reveals the fragile relationship between Islam and democracy - The Sangh Parivar has furthered the colonial understanding of India’s past - Better state support and supportive social environment can help independent filmmakers - Next Door Nepal: Chinese checkers - Kashmir unrest: A to-do list for PM Modi
I remember the first night of the riots. I was going to the candy store with my brother and sisters. Which was on Livingston ave and Waverly Avenue, which is now Muhammad Ali Avenue. The people were running down Livingston Avenue toward the 17th Avenue precinct. When we came out the crowd was huge and they were throwing things at the precinct. I was10 my brother 9 and my sisters were 7and 4. We ran as fast as we could I left them, ran upstairs to tell my mom that something was happening. She asked where our sisters, were we said they were coming. She ran out and told us to stay there. We lived in the Felix Fuld projects at the time. Which are located on Waverly Avenue and Livingston Street. Later that night we heard sirens all night. My next memory is hearing this rumbling that shook the buildings, being very afraid. My baby sister started crying we didn't know what was happening. A tank drove right through the gates and sat in the middle of the courtyard. Then men came out carrying rifles and we ran to our apartments. That night a soldier came and knocked on our door. My mother answered, he told our mother to keep us away from the windows from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. Then the shooting started from our rooftop. We lived on the third floor, which was the top floor. We laid on the floor under our beds, we couldn't get up, not even to go to the bathroom, we had to go right there. In the mornings we all took baths and mopped the floors. For years after that my baby sister would shake when ever she heard a siren. My mothers friend came over to take us to the supermarket, he had a car. We rode to every supermarket my mother knew about, couldn't find one. We also were stopped by National Guardsmen carrying rifles. We started hollering and screaming because we thought they were going to shoot us, my mother explained that we didn't have any we needed a store. He told us there were none opened and we couldn't leave, she asked why not, he then raised his rifle pointed into the car and told us to move. We did. A little further down the street we came across men carrying rifles dressed in black they looked in the car and said soul family it's OK. I often wonder what would have happened if we were white? We went back home hungry and frightened out of our minds. All we heard were sirens and gunshots and smelled smoke for what seemed like all summer. After that things were never the same. These are some of the memories that will never leave me. I spoke to my middle sister last night about the riots, she lives in North Carolina now, and she was wondering if we suffer from post traumatic stress syndrome. I told her probably on some level. I know that I know the difference between a gunshot and a firecracker automatically. After the riots we were able to get out of the projects, my mother bought a house in East Orange where she still lives. She said before the riots she could not buy a house even though she had a college degree. She was a teacher. All of the girls went to college , my sisters went to college out of state and never returned. I'm now a school nurse in Newark. I would love to see the city become a positive model of what a city could become after such a negative occurrence. I think we should talk about the riots so that people will realize what could happen in the blink of an eye when you have oppression and discrimination. How it all leads to criminal behavior and drug addiction unemployment and all the negative things that could be heaped on a society. Going back to my memories I wonder why we couldn't leave that day? It seemed like they should have been happy to have people leave. - Denise Miles, Union
Christians differ in their attitudes toward alcohol. Some Christians believe that we have freedom to consume alcohol in moderation. Others hold that the Bible forbids all consumption of alcohol or that, even in the absence of a clear command to abstain, it is so dangerous and so likely to lead to addiction, that it is downright foolish to drink. Regardless, all Christians hold that drunkenness is a sin and that this sin relates to the loss of control. A drunken man loses his sense and his self-control. As Solomon says, “Wine is a mocker, strong drink a brawler, and whoever is led astray by it is not wise.” On Monday I attempted to anticipate some of the cost to the church if young Christian men continue to spend their youth embroiled in the pursuit of pornography. Solomon warns that pornography is sapping them of their strength. In their strongest and most energetic years, in the years when so many promises and possibilities lie open before them, they are giving it all away to pornography. It saps them of strength and it saps them of life. In that same passage Solomon asks, “Why should you be intoxicated, my son, with a forbidden woman and embrace the bosom of an adulteress?” He describes this sexual captivity as a kind of intoxication, a form of drunkenness. Do not give up self-control and throw yourself into the arms of another woman, whether those arms are real or simply pixels on a computer screen. Do not invest your strength where it will be wasted. That is the very height of stupidity. But it is not only illicit sex that is intoxicating. The same Solomon who would forbid getting drunk on wine or strong drink, and the same Solomon who would describe the stupidity of getting drunk on illicit sex, would command a different kind of intoxication. “Rejoice in the wife of your youth, a lovely deer, a graceful doe. Let her breasts fill you at all times with delight; be intoxicated always in her love (Proverbs 5:19).” He does not criticize or downplay the presence of sexual desire and the longing to find sexual fulfillment. Rather, he admits it, celebrates it, and shows that to direct that energy toward adultery, fornication or pornography is to completely misuse it. His solution is simple: Put your sexual desire to the best use of all. “Rejoice in the wife of your youth…be intoxicated always in her love.” Donald Spence-Jones interprets this way: “The teacher, by a bold figure, describes the entire fascination which the husband is to allow the wife to exercise over him.” Go ahead and lose control. Go ahead and get intoxicated, but get drunk in the love and passionate pursuit of your wife. What wine does to your body, let your wife do to your affections and desires. Let her captivate you. Let her fascinate you. Let her have that kind of power over you, that kind of control, that kind of ownership. Be addicted to her. When you are with her, when you are in her arms, let yourself go and just enjoy God’s good gift of sexual pleasure. Jim Newheiser says it well: “The man who has to look away from all the other female breasts put on display in our culture can freely enjoy his wife’s breasts. The wife may delight in being desired and being overwhelmed by the love of her husband. Their sexual thirst can be quenched in a way that pleases God.” Pornography, adultery, fornication and all other sexual sin is good desire put to bad use and, by its very nature is intoxicating. That intoxication delights God, and is meant to delight us, when it is directed to the pursuit of marital intimacy. So go ahead and drink—drink of the love of your wife. Go ahead and drink to intoxication—get drunk in her love. But do not drink, and do not get drunk, in any other love.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. — Rep. Jim Moran (D., Va.) compared gun violence in America to “domestic terrorism” and 9/11 at a gun control rally Saturday. Speaking at a rally set up by Organizing for Action and several other gun control groups, Moran said gun violence was terrorizing America. “I think what we’re dealing with here is in many ways a form of domestic terrorism,” Moran told the audience of roughly 120. “Really. I mean directly and indirectly, this is what is really terrorizing our country.” “Think about this,” said Moran, who has an F-minus rating from the National Rifle Association. “Think about the reaction we had to 9/11, which in so many ways was entirely appropriate because it was so shocking. But what is happening in our schools and streets and our communities is shocking as well.” Staying on the theme of terrorism, Moran pointed to a recent video that surfaced of al Qaeda spokesman Adam Gadahn discussing how easy it is to buy guns in the America. “America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms,” Gadahn said in the video. “You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle, without a background check, and most likely without having to show an identification card. So what are you waiting for?” While machine guns are legal to own in the United States, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms heavily regulates them and no new machine guns have been legally manufactured in or imported to the country since 1986. Moran also warned of people on the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s terrorist watch list buying guns. “In more than 1,000 cases, people who are on that terrorist watch list tried to buy firearms, and in 91 percent of the cases, the FBI was powerless to stop them,” Moran said. Civil liberties advocates have criticized the watch list for its secrecy. The list is not public, nor can one petition to have his name removed from it. There were about 420,000 names on the watch list as of 2011. After telling the audience that al Qaeda members were buying machine guns and .50 caliber rifles capable of punching through the fuselage of an aircraft from a mile away, Moran said: “I don’t want to be fear mongering here, but think about how far this has gone and how irrational it is.” The rally was held in the public square in front of Alexandria City Hall to demand Congress pass “common sense” gun legislation, such as universal background checks, bans on high-capacity magazines, and a renewed federal assault weapons ban. The Senate voted 68-31 on Thursday to start the debate on gun legislation, and groups from both sides of the debate have been rallying the troops. The event was part of a nationwide series of rallies organized by Concerned Citizens Against Gun Violence, Organizing for Action, and Mayors Against Illegal Guns. The crowd, most of who appeared to be baby boomers, wore yellow stickers reading, “Background checks save lives.” The rally ended with a candlelight vigil and the singing of “We Shall Overcome,” which this reporter has also heard at protests against the Keystone XL Pipeline and a commemoration of dead Venezuelan strongman Hugo Chavez. After one chorus of the traditional lyrics, the singer led the audience through, modified version: “Pass gun legislation now today.” Two men who appeared to be intoxicated briefly interrupted the rally by shouting, “Second Amendment!” The police escorted the two men from the square shortly after a minor altercation with a television news crew.
Lowongan BNI Syariah Surabaya About PT Bank BNI Syariah PT Bank BNI Syariah is one of the Indonesian-based sharia financial institution. The Company engaged in Sharia banking sector and based in Jakarta. The Bank established on June 19, 2010 and as a subsidiary of PT Bank Negara Indonesia (Persero) Tbk, a state-owned banking company in Indonesia. The Company supported by 59 branch offices across Indonesia. Based on BNI Syariah Annual Report 2010, the Company recorded a nett profit of Rp36.5 billion from the target Rp7.181 billion. It was achieved because BNI Syariah successfully managed third party funds and earning asstes appropriately. Forging of the 1997 financial crisis proved the toughness of the Islamic banking system. Sharia by 3 (three) pillars, namely fair, transparent and able to answer the needs of beneficiaries in the banking system more equitable. With based on the Law No.10 of 1998, on the date dated 29 April 2000 established Sharia (UUS) BNI with five branch offices in Jakarta, Malang, Pekalongan, Jepara and Banjarmasin. Furthermore UUS BNI continues to grow to 28 branches and 31 branch offices. Besides, customers can also enjoy the services of sharia in BNI Branch Conventional (office channeling) with approximately 750 outlets spread across Indonesia. In the execution of banking operations, taking into account the BNI Syariah compliance with aspects of sharia. With the Sharia Supervisory Board (SSB) which is currently chaired by KH.Ma ‘ruf Amin, BNI Syariah all products has passed the testing of the DPS that meets the rules of Sharia. In the Corporate Plan in 2000 UUS BNI established that UUS temporary status and will be a spin off in 2009. The plan was implemented on June 19, 2010 by the operation of the Commercial Bank BNI Syariah Sharia (BUS). Realization of the spin off in June 2010 can not be separated from the external factors of a conducive regulatory aspects, namely the issuance of Law 19 of 2008 on State Sharia Securities (SBSN) and Act 21 of 2008 on Islamic Banking. In addition, the Government’s commitment to the development of increasingly powerful Islamic banking and awareness of the advantages of Islamic banking products have also increased. - Being a selection of Islamic Banking community that excels in service and performance. - Make a positive contribution to society and care about environmental sustainability. - Provide solutions for the community to the needs of Islamic banking services. - Optimal investment value for investors. - Create the best avenue to work as a place of pride and achievement for the staff as the embodiment of worship. - A reference to the mandate of corporate governance. Ref : www.bnisyariah.co.id PT Bank BNI Syariah Surabaya Jl. Bukit Darmo Boulevard No. 8A – 8B Surabaya Telp : (031) 7328840, 7329870, 7329870 Fax : (031) 7385678 PT Bank BNI Syariah invites the fresh graduated candidates to join as following position below and will be placed in Surabaya, Sidoarjo, Gresik, Babat, and sorounding : - Min D3 from all majors with GPA min 2.75 (PTS) and 2.50 PTS) - Max age 26 years old - Have own vehichle and SIM C - Self motivated, high integrity and initiative Documents Application must be completed: - 4×6 color photograph (1 Sheet) - Copy of valid ID (1 sheet) - Complete CV - Copy of diploma (1 sheet) - Copy of academic transcripts (1 sheet) - Other supporting documents Should you interested, please submit complete documents above to : PT Bank BNI Syariah – KC Mikro Rungkut Ruko Rungkut Megah Raya – Jl. Raya Kalirungkut No. 5 Blok A1/2 Surabaya 60293 Or submit by e-mail to : firstname.lastname@example.org - All applications will be treated as strictly confidential and only short-listed candidates will be notified. - Advert Source : Click Here Lowongan Kerja BNI Syariah Surabaya provided by lokercpnsbumn
, an article in Reason by Ronald Bailey praising for-profit pharmaceutical companies for their efforts in combating infectious diseases, even those of the poor. He tries to deflect criticism that less than 10% of global health R&D is spent on 90% of the world's diseases, and argues that, actually, most diseases affecting the poor already have effective treatments and it is poverty per se, and hence inability to afford medicine, that causes disease, rather than the selfishness of Big Pharma. First, a point about river blindness (onchocerciasis): Bailey points out that the drug for river blindness was developed by Merck and is now being given away for free. He neglects to mention that the drug was actually originally developed to treat parasitic infections in horses , because treating horses owned by rich people is more profitable than treating poor people. This isn't exactly a bad thing - in fact, it shows how even the profit motive can produce serendipitous results. But it's not exactly a guaranteed way of discovering future medicines to treat diseases of the poor. And Merck isn't donating the medicine merely out of good will, but rather because the poor people who need couldn't afford to pay anything anyway. Most of the costs of drugs go into R&D, not actual drug production - since Merck already had this drug lying around that was originally designed for horses, they figured they might as well give it away and gain the good publicity. Again, not a bad thing - but also not a reliable way to generate more drugs. Certainly not reliable in the way that the profit motive will generate drugs for rich people's diseases. (Viagra, anyone?) Meanwhile, the attack on the 10/90 claim is a strawman. It's certainly true that HIV, TB, malaria, and diarrheal diseases are generally the biggest killers of the poor (so in terms of sheer lethality, the "90%" of diseases receiving only 10% of global R&D aren't that bad). But the 10/90 claim is just a rallying cry, shorthand for the inequity of global health system. Taking the real killers: Leishmaniasis, malaria, trypanosomiasis and tuberculosis account for 5% of global disease burden (in terms of Disability-Adjusted Life Years, or DALYs) and certainly more of the disease burden in poor countires; yet they receive only 0.5% of global health R&D. Bailey himself admits that leishmaniasis and trypanosomiasis (sleeping sickness) still lack effective treatments. Furthermore, Bailey overstates the extent to which the big killers have "effective methods of treatment and prevention." Let's leave aside the ridiculous implication that there's no need for drugs if a disease is easily prevented (imagine telling a heart attack patient, "no need for bypass surgery! you could have prevented this with a healthier diet"). Though malaria and tuberculosis have effective treatments that just need enough resources and public health infrastructure to be put into practice (a pretty big hurdle in many places!), the microbes will always be evolving resistance. Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis is already a problem, and it's only a matter of time before malaria becomes resistant to the last "ultimate" treatment, arteminisin combination therapy. Meanwhile, HIV is completely incurable, and antiretroviral drugs are expensive because of the profit motive. Some companies have started selling antiretrovirals more cheaply in poor countries, which is great; but we should have more of that. Plus, because it mutates so rapidly, HIV exists in multiple strains all around the world. The West is mostly affected by HIV-1 strain B, but the Third World has myriads of other strains - A, C, D, and CRF02 in Africa; B, C, and CRF01 in Asia. And these may not necessarily be as susceptible to treatments or vaccines being developed in the West as strain B. In the end, Bailey is partly right in saying that the ultimate cause of all this unnecessary suffering is poverty. But diseases also cause poverty, and we can't overcome the vicious circle without a serious attempt to address the Third World's diseases. The Gates Foundation and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB and Malaria are welcome funders in that fight. And we need not heavily tax drug company profits or destroy their patent rights (another strawman); we can, for example, guarantee that Fund X will buy a certain amount of drug Y if a company develops it, and thus provide an incentive to research and treat the diseases of poverty.
Posted 1/30/2012 12:00 am Updated 4 years ago Shewmaker had a love of systems and organization that Walmart needed. He committed to spending millions on satellite communications so that the general office in Bentonville, the distribution centers and the stores could quickly send data back and forth. By the end of that day, Walmart was on its way to having a communications system that would deliver information about inventory and sales in what in those days was the blink of an eye. This initiative set Walmart up for decades of skyrocketing growth.
Posts Tagged ‘dustin hoffman’ One of those rare animated flicks intended for kids but with enough cleverness and little flourishes to keep the adults engaged, too. It's opera singers, the British Independent Film Awards and a strange suspense thriller for this edition looking at cinema from across the pond. Saying goodbye to a brilliant British actor that brought warmth and comedy to all his roles, big and small. This week's random selections include some really fantastic movies, including a James Bond parody and a dark film about a great stand-up comic. "Kung Fu Panda 2" lacks the novelty of the original, which found a sweet spot in between martial arts and goofy animated critters. "Stranger Than Fiction" — a charming existential-concept comedy a la "Groundhog Day" — continues Nick Rogers' look back at the 365 best films of 2000-2009. "Moonlight Mile" — a drama about the confusion surrounding a sudden death — continues Nick Rogers' daily look back at the 365 best films of 2000-2009.
How to: Increment the Counter Registry Key for Setup in SQL Server 2005 Setup Configuration Checker (SCC) in Microsoft SQL Server Setup verifies the value of the counter registry key before SQL Server installation begins. If SCC cannot verify the existing registry key, or if SCC cannot run the lodctr.exe system program, the SCC check will fail, and Setup will be blocked. Incorrectly editing the registry can severely damage your system. Before making changes to the registry, we recommend that you back up any valued data on the computer. On the Microsoft Windows 2003 or Windows XP desktop, click Start, click Run, type regedit.exe in Open, and then click OK. On Windows 2000, use regedt32.exe The Registry Editor launches. Navigate to the following registry key: "Last Counter"=dword:00000ed4 (5276) The "Last Counter" value from the previous step (5276) must match the maximum value of the "Counter" key from "Perflib\009" in the following registry key, and the "Last Help" value from the previous step (5277) must match the maximum value of the "Help" key from "Perflib\009" in the following registry key: Note that 009 is an example from the English language. The "Last Counter" and "Last Help" values are dynamically assigned by Windows; they will vary from machine to machine. If necessary, modify the value for the "Last Counter" and "Last Help" values in the "\Perflib" key: right-click Last Counter or Last Help in the right-hand pane, click Modify, click Base = "Decimal," set the value in Value data, and then click OK. Repeat for the other key, if necessary, and then close the Registry Editor. Run SQL Server Setup again.
Duck Lake Fire locators Saturday, June 02, 2012 1:03 PM The Duck Lake Fire became serious on May 24 in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. It's located about 14 miles north of Newberry in Luce County. Register now for free, or sign in with any of these services: Want to set your local edition? Select an edition for more focused local news coverage when you visit mlive. Don't worry. You can change this setting at any time to another local edition. © 2015 MLive Media Group All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group
Approval by the Board . Once a quorum has been established, all actions of the board must be approved by the board and recorded in the minutes . The president should vote on all matters, provided there are no conflicts of interest requiring the president to recuse himself. When the president votes, he/she votes as a director not an officer . Votes by the board need not be roll-call votes . To vote, directors must be present at board meetings and executive sessions either in person or by electronically , not by proxy Duty to Vote . Unless there is good reason not to vote, all directors should vote on all motions. Although it is the duty of every member who has an opinion on a question to express it by his vote, he can abstain, since he cannot be compelled to vote. (Robert's Rules, 11th ed., p 407.) There is a strong public policy “that members of public legislative bodies take a position, and vote, on issues brought before them. This policy has been expressed as ‘the duty of members of a city council to vote and that they ought not “by inaction prevent action by the board. (Kunec v. Brea Redevelopment Agency (1997) 55 Cal.App.4th 511, 520.) The duty to vote is present if the member is present. (Dry Creek Valley Assn., Inc. v. Bd. of Supervisors (1997) 67 Cal.App.3d 839, 844.) Silent Acquiescence. It is common practice that when someone is silent when a vote is taken, their vote is counted with the majority. For example, if a voice vote is called for in a board meeting and some directors say “aye” and other are silent; the president then asks if there are any “nays” and no one responds. The president then announces the vote to be unanimous and again no one objects. Under those circumstances, the vote is properly deemed as unanimous in favor of the motion. This interpretation of silent acquiescence is supported by California's Attorney General (Opinion No. 10-901, December 208, 2011). [Silence] “acts as an acquiescence in the action taken by the majority of voting members, whether the majority was affirmative or negative.” (p. 10, para. 1.) ...board members’ refusal to vote is, in effect, a declaration that they consent that the majority of the quorum may act for the body of which they are members…Such acquiescence cannot, of course, bestow a power on a body that is beyond its legal authority; hence, any action taken by a body must still be supported by the votes of a least a majority of the body’s quorum. (p. 10, para. 2.) ...the abstaining member [through silence] may accurately be said to have “acquiesced in” or “consented to” any resolution reached by the body, as long as the number of members voting was at least a majority of the quorum. (p. 13, para. 2.) We likewise disapprove any suggestion that a body may validly take action without the support of concurring votes from at least a majority of that body’s quorum. (AG Opinion, p. 14, para. 1.) Abstentions. If someone states, “I abstain,” their vote cannot be counted as a “yes” vote or a “no” vote. It is a non-vote. "To 'abstain' means not to vote at all." (Robert's Rules, 11th ed., p 45.) A director might abstain because he believes there was insufficient information for him to make a decision. An abstention may, however, have the practical effect of a "no" vote since a motion may fail for lack of sufficient "yes" votes. For example: 1. If five directors are present (out of five) and there is a motion to close the pool each day at 8:00 p.m. (from the current 10:00 p.m.) and two directors vote "yes," two directors vote "no," and one abstains, the motion fails. The vote needed a majority of three "yes" votes to pass and it received only two. ["...an act or decision done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present is the act of the board." (Corp. Code §7211(a)(8).) Since a five directors were present, a majority is three was needed to pass the resolution.] 2. Similarly, if a 5-member board were to vote on a motion where two directors vote “yes” and three vote “I abstain,” the vote fails. [As noted by the Attorney General in their example: "The votes of the three abstaining members cannot be considered as votes in favor of the motion..." (p. 11, fn 37.] SUMMARY: The Corporations Code requires that all action be adopted by a total of ‘yes’ votes equal to or greater than the majority of the quorum. A motion can fail if abstentions reduce the required number of ‘yes’ votes. An association's bylaws must also be taken into consideration. The key difference is whether the bylaws require yes votes from a majority of directors or a majority of directors present and voting. The Venn diagram on the right illustrates the two scenarios. Depending on how the bylaws are written, the motion passes or fails. Effect of Recusal. Whenever a director believes he has a conflict of interest, the director must recuse himself and leave the room until the motion has been discussed and voted on by the remaining directors. This impacts the approval requirements. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting... (Corp. Code §7211(a)(8).) When a director abstains because he does not believe he has sufficient information, the approval requirement is a majority of all directors present, i.e., three out of five (assuming all five are present). A recusal changes the approval from a majority of directors to a majority of a quorum. If, for example, two directors have a conflict of interest and leave the room, the approval requirement is now two out of the remaining three instead of three out of five. Changing a Vote . Under limited circumstances, a director may change his vote or the matter may be reconsidered at a later date. Also see tie votes . See impact of blank ballots on membership votes : Associations needing legal assistance can contact us To stay current with issues affecting community associations, subscribe to the Davis-Stirling Newsletter
OAKLAND -- Two men were injured in a drive-by shooting Saturday night on International Boulevard. The victims, ages 37 and 33, were walking about 11 p.m. in the 9100 block of International Blvd. when an unknown suspect shot at them from a moving vehicle, police said. The men were able to get themselves to the hospital, where they remain in stable condition. Neither a suspect nor a motive had been identified Sunday morning, authorities said. Police and CrimeStoppers are offering up to $10,000 in reward money for tips that may lead to the shooter's arrest. Anyone with information is asked to contact Oakland police at 510-238-3426 or CrimeStoppers at 510-777-8572.
Who said that London is a sterile urban wilderness? Just round the corner from where you and I live is a neglected allotment, some common land, a wood, a pond, a roadside verge a river bank. All of these are home to a hidden world of wildlife – hidden because we do not have the eyes to see nor the patience to wait. Our aim is to bring together those who have sensed the possibilities of this world and want to know it better. We want to share our discoveries and enthusiasms and spread the news that nature is alive and well and living in East London! We do this practically by regular outings, by helping local schools explore their own environment, and by keeping photographic records of what we discover. We would like you to join us. Apart from an interest in nature and photography, you need no special knowledge or skills
Is it possible to prevent anonymous and unauthenticated binds to ldaps:// 636 but allow them on ldap:// 389? I want to allow staff to query my ldaps:// outside of my network while requiring them to login to do so but allow anyone to bind (anonymous, unauthenticated, or authenticated) internally on ldaps//: 389. Anonymous bind can be disabled by "disallow bind_anon" and Unauthenticated bind mechanism is disabled by default. But if I use "disallow bind_anon it stops in on both ports. I want to stop it just on ldaps://.
LAKE PROVIDENCE, La. — In an agonizing trade-off, Army engineers said they will open a key spillway along the bulging Mississippi River as early as Saturday and inundate thousands of homes and farms in parts of Louisiana’s Cajun country to avert a potentially bigger disaster in Baton Rouge and New Orleans. About 25,000 people and 11,000 structures could be in harm’s way when the gates on the Morganza spillway are unlocked for the first time in 38 years. “Protecting lives is the No. 1 priority,” Army Corps of Engineers Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh said aboard a boat from the river at Vicksburg, Miss., hours before the decision was made to open the spillway. The opening will release a torrent that could submerge about 3,000 square miles under as much as 25 feet of water in some areas but take the pressure off the downstream levees protecting New Orleans, Baton Rouge and the numerous oil refineries and chemical plants along the lower reaches of the Mississippi. Engineers feared that weeks of pressure on the levees could cause them to fail, swamping New Orleans under as much as 20 feet of water in a disaster that would have been much worse than Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Instead, the water will flow 20 miles south into the Atchafalaya Basin. From there it will roll on to Morgan City, an oil-and-seafood hub and a community of 12,000, and then eventually into the Gulf of Mexico, flooding swamps and croplands. The corps said it will open the gates when the river’s flow rate reaches a certain point, expected Saturday. But some people living in the threatened stretch of countryside – an area known for small farms, fish camps and a drawling French dialect – have already started fleeing for higher ground. Sheriffs and National Guardsmen will warn people in a door-to-door sweep through the area, Gov. Bobby Jindal said. Shelters are ready to accept up to 4,800 evacuees, the governor said. “Now’s the time to evacuate,” Jindal said. “Now’s the time for our people to execute their plans. That water’s coming.” The Army Corps of Engineers employed a similar cities-first strategy earlier this month when it blew up a levee in Missouri – inundating an estimated 200 square miles of farmland and damaging or destroying about 100 homes – to take the pressure off the levees protecting the town of Cairo, Ill., population 2,800. This intentional flood is more controlled, however, and residents are warned by the corps each year in written letters, reminding them of the possibility of opening the spillway. Meanwhile, with crop prices soaring, farmers along the lower Mississippi had been expecting a big year. But now many are facing ruin, with floodwaters swallowing up corn, cotton, rice and soybean fields. In far northeastern Louisiana, where Tap Parker and about 50 other farmers filled and stacked massive sandbags along an old levee to no avail. The Mississippi flowed over the top Thursday, and nearly 19 square miles of soybeans and corn, known in the industry as “green gold,” was lost. “This was supposed to be our good year. We had a chance to really catch up. Now we’re scrambling to break even,” said Parker, who has been farming since 1985. Cotton prices are up 86 percent from a year ago, and corn – which is feed for livestock, a major ingredient in cereals and soft drinks, and the raw material used to produce ethanol – is up 80 percent. Soybeans have risen 39 percent. The increase is attributed, in part, to worldwide demand, crop-damaging weather elsewhere and rising production of ethanol. While the Mississippi River flooding has not had any immediate impact on prices in the supermarket, the long-term effects are still unknown. A full damage assessment can’t be made until the water has receded in many places. Some of the estimates have been dire, though. More than 1,500 square miles of farmland in Arkansas, which produces about half of the nation’s rice, have been swamped over the past few weeks. In Missouri, where a levee was intentionally blown open to ease the flood threat in the town of Cairo, Ill., more than 200 square miles of croplands were submerged, damage that will probably exceed $100 million. More than 2,100 square miles could flood in Mississippi. When the water level goes down – and that could take many weeks in some places – farmers can expect to find the soil washed away or their fields covered with sand. Some will probably replant on the soggy soil, but they will be behind their normal growing schedule, which could hurt yields. Many farmers have crop insurance, but it won’t be enough to cover their losses. And it won’t even come close to what they could have expected with a bumper crop. “I might get enough money from insurance to take us to a movie, but it better be dollar night,” said Karsten Simrall, who lives in Redwood, Miss. Simrall’s family has farmed the low-lying fields in Redwood for five generations and has been fighting floods for years, but it’s never been this bad. And the river is not expected to crest here until around Tuesday. “How the hell do you recoup all these losses?” he said. “You just wait. It’s in God’s hands.” The river’s rise may also force the closing of the river to shipping, from Baton Rouge to the mouth of the Mississippi, as early as next week. That would cause grain barges from the heartland to stack up along with other commodities. If the portion is closed, the U.S. economy could lose hundreds of millions of dollars a day. In 2008, a 100-mile stretch of the river was closed for six days after a tugboat collided with a tanker, spilling about 500,000 gallons of fuel. The Port of New Orleans estimated the shutdown cost the economy up to $275 million a day.
I’ve been following the progress of Christopher McQuarrie’s Persons Unknown TV show since it was announced last year. It’s got a pretty good premise, and McQuarrie always does well when he’s given a lot of rope and the subject is mystery. Today comes good news, with Variety announcing that NBC has picked up the show, which includes the 13 episodes that have already been produced. There’s no word when NBC plans on launching the show, but once it does air, like all big network shows it’ll be given a pretty short leash to perform or else. Persons Unknown is about a group of strangers who find themselves imprisoned inside a small ghost town with no knowledge of how they got there or how to get out. The show stars Jason Wiles, most famous for his role as Bosco on NBC’s hybrid show Third Watch, here playing a character name Joe; Daisy Betts (last year’s horror remake “Shutter”); and Battlestar Galactica alum Kandyse McClure (below) will play Erica. The rest of the cast include Chadwick Boseman, Tina Holmes, Alan Smyth, Lee Purcell, and Reggie Lee. Christopher McQuarrie (“The Usual Suspects”, “Valkyrie”) created the show, and is producing for Fox TV Studios, Italy’s RAI and Mexico’s Televisa. Below: “Ah, it’s good to see our human enemies getting jobs on other shows. Makes the metal heart feel good, ya know?”
GOODING, Idaho — Idaho’s agricultural aviators took to the skies Thursday and Friday for their annual Self-regulating Application and Flight Efficiency (SAFE) evaluation. The annual training is part of the Idaho Agricultural Aviation Association’s (IAAA) mission to keep pilots’ skills honed and their chemical applications on target. Inclement weather had attendance lower than normal on Thursday, with about 60 operators, pilots and crew members in attendance. But more were expected on Friday’s second day of testing. Planes flew over the test area spraying colored water over paper test cards and a nylon string to measure their coverage area, spray pattern and droplet size. The cards and string were then analyzed to determine if adjustments in plane speed, spray pressure or nozzles were needed. The spray pattern clinic allows pilots to test and calibrate their equipment to minimize the risk of off-target drift, said Joe Coppick, a pilot with Valley Air in Caldwell, Idaho, who was analyzing the application tests. Droplets have to be the correct size and in a uniform pattern for proper coverage and to avoid evaporation and drift, he said. The clinic provides the industry with an opportunity to work on perfecting applications and earn continuing education credits toward their pesticide applicators license through the Idaho State Department of Agriculture, said Katie Baker, IAAA executive secretary and owner of Ag Air Turbines in Midvale, Idaho. Aerial application is highly specialized and heavily regulated. The goal is to hit the target with the right coverage and avoid chemical drift, Coppick said. In that pursuit, pilots are challenged with weather conditions, flying conditions, visibility, wind direction, temperature, the proper flying speed and height, the size of the application, spray pressure and urban sprawl, he said. Misguided public perception is another issue with which ag aviators contend. “People are frightened by what they don’t know … they assume we’re spraying dangerous chemicals,” Coppick said. Most of the chemicals used in aerial application are not dangerous to humans, and if they are, pilots take precautions to keep people safe, he said. Ag aviators are committed to a healthy environment and healthy crops to feed a growing population, Baker said. “This industry is vital to the food supply and as the population increases, it becomes even more important,” she said. People think of ag pilots as those yellow machines that wake them up. But ag aviators are human beings dedicated to agriculture and the critical job of feeding the world, said George Parker, III, owner and operator of Crop Jet Aviation in Gooding. Idaho’s ag aviators service both conventional and organic farmland as well as forest land and backcountry — fertilizing and seeding crops and rangeland; controlling pests, disease, weeds, and wildfires; and preventing soil erosion, Coppick said. Aerial application is competitively priced with other forms of application but is a lot faster, more responsive to infestations and can service areas where ground application is prohibitive or damaging, he said. Educating the public about the contribution of ag aviators, their training and certification and the precision with which they operate is important to the industry, Baker said. “If people knew more about it, they might not be so against it,” she said.
Originally Posted by 740-iLL That could have been me. I am constantly in and around the Mississauga Rd area as my brother lives there. Pics look great. I really like the wheels. What type of AE's did you get? and did you have them coded so that the parking lights are NOT on when they are on? or was it all done before your purchase? Haha quite possible it was you then I have the CCFL ones which I got from an importer of AEs in GTA. I did the intall myself. There is a way to shut the DRLs. You need to hook it up with Car Soft Software. After that in the fuse box in the engine bay, there is a live DRL wire that has power regardless to the DRL delete. I gave it power from there. So my AE comes on like DRLs. . I can hook it up for you in the summer.
Arizona State tight end Chris Coyle and quarterback Taylor Kelly have forged a close relationship and it has certainly paid dividends on the field. Coyle emerged as ASU’s leading receiver with 53 catches for 659 yards to along with five touchdowns in 2012. He needs just three catches in the Sun Devils’ bowl game against Navy to surpass Seahawks’ Zach Miller for the school’s single-season record for a tight end. A lot of Coyle’s success this season can be attributed to Kelly, who has afforded the tight end with consistent opportunities game in and game out. Coyle believes his quarterback’s temperament is a big reason for the team’s tremendous strides on offense. “The biggest thing that I like about Taylor Kelly is his poise,” Coyle told Arizona Sports 620’s Doug & Wolf Show Friday. “He’s very calm and composed and I feel like it plays out on the field.” In his first year as ASU’s starting quarterback, Kelly has thrown for 2,772 yards and 25 touchdowns with just nine interceptions in 2012. Coyle said he’s most impressed with Kelly’s ability to remain even keel in even the most difficult of circumstances.
Ringworm refers to a fungal infection that grows into worms as the name suggests. This is most common in children although it can infect people in all ages. This is a contagious disease and is transferable even through combs and infected skin areas. Even in some cases the pets can transfer this infection to the humans. This is a sort of skin –fungi and they stay in the dead protein layer of the skin. The mucous membranes like vagina or mouth are not ideal places for their survival as they rarely attack deep inside the body. Some of these fungi are found in skin, nails or hair, some are found in the soil and also some are found in the animals. So it is very hard to understand where the infection came from.
Security is one of the most difficult areas in today's IT industry. The reason being; the speed at which security methods are developing is considerably slower than the methods of hacking. One of the ways to tackle this is to implement Agile IT Security. Agile IT security methodology is based on proven software development practices. It takes the best works from Agile Software Development (Scrum, OpenUp, Lean) and applies it to security implementations. This book combines the Agile software development practices with IT security. It teaches you how to deal with the ever-increasing threat to IT security and helps you build robust security with lesser costs than most other methods of security. It is designed to teach the fundamental methodologies of an agile approach to IT security. Its intent is to compare traditional IT security implementation approaches to new agile methodologies. Written by a senior IT specialist at IBM, you can rest assured of the usability of these methods directly in your organization. This book will teach IT Security professionals the concepts and principles that IT development has been using for years to help minimize risk and work more efficiently. The book will take you through various scenarios and aspects of security issues and teach you how to implement security and overcome hurdles during your implementation. It begins by identifying risks in IT security and showing how Agile principles can be used to tackle them. It then moves to developing security policies and identifying your organization's assets. The last section teaches you how you can overcome real-world issues in implementing Agile security in your organization including dealing with your colleagues. The book is a tutorial that goes from basic to professional level for Agile IT security. It begins by assuming little knowledge of agile security. Readers should hold a good knowledge of security methods and agile development. Who this book is for The book is targeted at IT security managers, directors, and architects. It is useful for anyone responsible for the deployment of IT security countermeasures. Security people with a strong knowledge of agile software development will find this book to be a good review of agile concepts.
France 1839 – 1899 [Le pont de Moret] 1893 oil on canvas canvas 73.5 (h) x 92.5 (w) cm Musée d'Orsay, Paris , Bequest of Enriqueta Alsop in the name of Eduardo Mollard 1972 © RMN (Musée d'Orsay) / Hervé Lewandowski In Sisley’s time the towns of the Seine-et-Marne region were busy with local commerce: barges on the canal, a flour and tanning mill at Moret, boat-yards around Saint-Mammès, orchards, gardens and farms at Les Sablons. Sisley visited the area late in 1879, looking for an inexpensive place to live, and came to know it intimately. Veneux-Nadon, seventy-five kilometres from Paris, was his home from 1880; then he lived at Moret, and Les Sablons for six years, before returning to Moret in 1889. Tobias Smollett described Moret-sur-Loing as a ‘very paltry’ place but nineteenth-century guidebooks enthuse over its ‘commanding position on the Loing, its ramparts and gateway, its huge ruined donjon and the beauties of its Gothic church’. 1 Bridges were a favoured subject and compositional device for Sisley and the Pont de Moret provided the impetus for many works. He produced his first views of it in autumn 1887 and spring 1888, while based at Les Sablons, and several dramatic compositions show the bridge and mill under snow in 1890.2 He varied his views of Moret, often centring his compositions on the mill with the church of Notre-Dame behind it,and showing the other span of the bridge leading into the town through the Porte de Bourgogne. In 1891 he painted further down the Loing River, from either bank, showing the townscape framed by, or through, a row of poplars. The following year he varied his motif through a sequence depicting the same locations in the morning light and at sunset. Sisley seemed unable to resist scenes in which there was water to offer reflections, and riverbanks for constantly changing activities.3 By the time Sisley painted this canvas, he had clearly absorbed the elements of the surrounding landscape, exploited through a highly coloured, densely structured composition of sky and clouds, bricks and mortar, water and reflections. He has positioned himself closer to the bridge, providing a dramatic lead-in to the work as it sweeps from lower-left of the canvas to the mill at centre. The picture plane is neatly bisected, the upper section of sky punctuated by the partially obscured church tower, mill and poplars. Sisley’s landscapes are rarely peopled, at least not in the overt way of his contemporaries. Rather than portraying promenading couples or boating parties, the people in Sisley’s paintings are presented as part of their surrounds, incidental in both purpose and scale. The figures in Moret Bridge merge into the scene as naturally as the clouds in the sky, or the reflections in the water below. Text © National Gallery of Australia, Canberra 2009 From Masterpieces from Paris: Van Gogh, Cézanne, Gauguin and beyond Post-Impressionism from the Musée d'Orsay exhibition book, National Gallery of Australia, Canberra 2009 - Richard Shone, Sisley, London: Phaidon Press 1999, p. 159. - François Daulte, Alfred Sisley: catalogue raisonné de l’oeuvre peint, Lausanne: Durand-Ruel 1959. - Shone, pp. 51 and 144.
Of course, the further the draft goes along the more impossible it is to guess the players that Seattle might be honing in on. So in this mock I'm going to compromise a little- I'll give picks I think John Schneider would make in the first three rounds while making my best guesses in rounds 4-7 with players that I personally like who fit Seattle's philosophy. For now, I am projecting Seattle to pick 22nd, simply because the odds of them being a wildcard are still much higher than winning the division, and the odds of them winning a road playoff game are fairly low, especially since that game would likely be against the Packers/49ers/Giants. If the season ended today Seattle would own the 22nd pick by seeding. So with all that explaining out of the way, buckle down, this will be a long one. With the 1st round pick, the Seattle Seahawks select: 1st round: Arthur Brown, LB, Kansas State. I should stress that this is not a pick I would endorse, but consider this quote posted from Rob's blog today: Carroll apparently told a representative of the Brown family [while recruiting Brown in 2007] that he was the best linebacker “he’d seen in seven years.” Carroll was a major driving force behind the Marshawn Lynch trade, a player he badly wanted that he had ties to in the Pac-12. He tried hard to recruit Bruce Irvin before heading to the NFL. He tried to recruit Richard Sherman (as a CB) only to get turned down in favor of a Stanford education. When Carroll has badly coveted a player and that player has been available to him in the draft, it seems like he almost always gets his man. That makes me think that there is an excellent chance that Arthur Brown could be very high on Seattle's draft board next April, whether I agree with it personally or not. Barring a huge rise in the leadup to the draft, Brown is expected to go in the late 1st to late 2nd range. That gives Seattle an interesting choice to make. Do they trade down and take Brown in the late 1st or early second while picking up extra picks, or do they select another impact player and then spend some of their 9 or 10 draft selections by moving up in the second to get Brown the way Tim Ruskell once did for Lofa? I'd strongly prefer the latter option, but given John Schneider's history I'd expect the former. Either way, I'd almost guarantee you that Brown will be a Seahawk, unless Pete's dramatically changed his mind in the last 5 years. Given that Brown is in most 1st/2nd round discussions, I don't see much reason for Carroll to change his tune. What do I think of Brown? He's a very gifted athlete and the brother of Philly RB Bryce Brown who is insanely athletic. Speed and athleticism are not in short supply for this young man. That said, I have a bias towards NFL ready players and that's the rub with Brown for me- he misses a lot of tackles and at times is slow to diagnose. He is very fast though and at his very playmaking best reminds me of Lavonte David, who I loved as a prospect last year and is having a great rookie season. Brown does not look as big as his listed size, like David he seems more like a Malcolm Smith type, but with more potential and durability. I can easily see why Pete loves a player like Brown, because Pete has always gravitated towards players with a ton of untapped potential. If Brown is a standout with poor recognition and poor tackling then you could imagine how good he'd be after getting coached up by Pete Carroll, a guy who has almost never failed to get more out of his players. The absolute maximum upside for Brown is Derrick Brooks, but I really doubt he'd ever be that good because Brooks had instincts that Brown lacks, but if everything breaks right Brown could be a terrific player. So far I'd tentatively give Brown a 3rd round grade. Last year I gave Bobby Wagner a 3rd round grade. However, I am not Pete Carroll, and Carroll drafted Wagner in the 2nd because he had confidence in his own coaching ability to maximize Wagner's potential. I could see a similar situation this year with Arthur Brown. John Schneider always does an outstanding job of gauging where a prospect is slotted to go. He took a big risk waiting to draft players like Sherman and Wilson, but the risk paid off. He took Irvin about as late as he realistically could have. If Schneider's pre-draft intel indicates that Brown could last well into the 2nd round, we might see Seattle move around to grab Brown somewhere in between their first two picks. 2nd round: Will Sutton, DT, Arizona State. This is another player with Carroll/Pac-12 connections who I think fits Seattle's MO very well. Unlike the Brown pick, I'd be positively thrilled with this selection even though I like our current DT group. Sutton brings nice blend of nastiness, pass rush technique and raw power while anchoring decently well by pass rusher standards. He has the power, quickness, and size to succeed as a 1 tech, just not the run stopping results. He's also consistent play for play at a position where consistency is very rare. Pac-12 coaches and observers know exactly how fierce and imposing Sutton is. I'm sure Carroll will be no different. 3rd round: Keenan Allen, WR, Cal. Yet again another player with Pac-12 connections, although in this case I think there is much more to it than that. John Schneider has so far stayed true to his Green Bay roots at WR- meaning that he's been picky with the players he drafts while at the same time avoiding that kind of investment in round 1. The Packers best receivers in recent years: Greg Jennings, Jordy Nelson, and Randall Cobb, were all 2nd round picks, ranging from 36th overall to 64th overall. Jordy Nelson is the "big" WR of the bunch, as a tall/fast 6'3" WR. John Schneider himself has drafted just one WR in three years- Golden Tate- who as it happens was selected 60th overall in 2010. What do these players have in common? It's how they combine quickness (YAC) with some other plus attribute. As such, I suspect that Schneider will be more likely to target a quick WR than a "Megatron" type. Of those four receivers, only Nelson is listed as being six feet tall or more. So size should not be considered a definite necessity, assuming that Schneider is the one making the call. Last year we had it on good information that RB was a high priority. Specifically a round 1-3 priority. That got bumped back a round when the team decided they could not afford to risk trying for Wilson in the 4th. I think the current dearth of options among our 4-6 WR group coupled with the injury histories of Rice and Baldwin make WR a high priority target in 2013. In fact, the ideal situation would be to draft a WR a little later on and start him on the bench until an injury gives him the chance to compete and earn a starting job. Keenan Allen was once considered a first round prospect, but as things currently stand it is conceivable that he could slide all the way to the late 3rd round. Not because anything is wrong with Allen. He's really just the victim of a very deep WR group while coming off a down year. Keenan Allen is basically a skinny 6'3" version of Golden Tate. Like Tate, Allen has good hands despite being a bit of a body catcher and has a similar fluidity and shake after the catch. I think Allen is probably smarter at maximizing yardage than Tate was as a rookie, and I think Allen is probably the faster, better athlete of the two. Allen's height and deep ball skills give Seattle some real depth on the "big" WR front too in case Rice gets hurt and misses time. If you are drafting a 4th WR, you could hardly do better than a guy who could sub in for any of the current starters roles. Allen can do that, and not many other options in this draft can say that. Markus Wheaton is another guy who fits the "quick" criteria and could be available in this range, and who also comes from a Pac-12 school. Seattle might have to move up in the 3rd round to get one of these guys, but I'd feel pretty good that one or both of them could last into the 3rd, and that's something Seattle can take advantage of. 4th round: Micah Hyde, CB, Iowa Hyde is a complete corner that stands at 6'1" with good speed and bulk. I think he's being overlooked and his recent off the field problems won't help raise his stock. Seattle is always looking for CB depth especially given Sherman's looming suspension and Thurmond's health problems. I think he's got a very real shot at reaching the late 4th round. Hyde could be the latest 4th round steal by the Seahawks. 5th round (Curry trade): Sanders Commings, CB, Georgia Byron Maxwell and Jeremy Lane have basically looked like special teams lifers to this point. Both have value and shouldn't be cut on a whim, but I think the team must continue to churn out quality big corners with speed because given Seattle's track record to this point, they would be crazy not to. Commings is a competent corner on a very good defense. He stands 6'2" with good size and good speed. 5th round: Jared Abbrederis, WR, Wisconsin Abbrederis has been a very reliable and productive possession WR for Wisconsin, and was a favorite target for Russell Wilson in 2011. While Abbrederis does not fit the John Schneider WR mold, he fits the Darrell Bevell / Russell Wilson mold to a tee. He's not only a very reliable possession WR, but he's a dangerous deep option as well. At 6'2", he would bring another tall WR that can compete immediately for Ben Obomanu's job. 6th round: Brandon Ford, TE, Clemson Given that both Miller and McCoy are well rounded TE types, it makes sense that Seattle will pursue an "H-back" TE option in this draft- meaning a receiver oriented TE. After all, he'd be replacing an H-back type and converted WR in Evan Moore, who replaced an H-back in Kellen Winslow, who replaced an H-back in John Carlson. Brandon Ford hasn't had much experience, in fact his resume reads a lot like Cameron Morrah's did. He barely played before his final season, and in that final season he had 8 TD's on just 31 receptions. Morrah posted similar high TD numbers in a low number of receptions during his final college season. Both possess NFL level athleticism. Ford gives Seattle more competition for the 3rd TE spot. 7th round (Ruud trade*): Matt Scott, QB, Arizona. With Matt Flynn being a possible trade chip and the Seahawks having only Josh Portis as a possible fallback plan, Seattle should and probably will take advantage of what looks to be another good mid-round QB class. I've made it no secret that I think Matt Scott is an intriguing QB. But it really doesn't matter what I think, because Matt Scott also fits John Schneider's intangibles based QB criteria like few QBs to escape the first round in recent years. Matt Scott is one of the toughest competitors you will ever see, taking brutal hits yet insisting to stay in the game despite obvious signs of poor health. He has the best "feel" for the position that I've seen from any QB not named Russell Wilson in years (although it didn't really show itself much in the USC sample with all the respect throws he had to make in under 2 seconds). Yes, he did have some tough games but on the whole he had a record setting season for his school, and he did it as a 1st year starter. There are some problems with Scott and those problems will make his draft stock very hard to predict. First, he's very under-weight (currently under two bills) and it's likely that his injuries this year are related to that. He'd need to add weight before playing in the NFL and there is a chance that could impact his mobility. The second is the fact that he plays in a spread offense with a lot of read option, although that is almost a good thing in today's NFL the way the league is changing. He's not a young QB but he only has one season of starting experience. He also needs to improve his footwork and his throwing motion isn't the prettiest thing I've ever seen, but still NFL adequate with only a few small improvements. Still, I think Matt Scott could make an outstanding, low cost backup to Wilson for years to come that I truly believe could turn into a trade chip down the road. Scott's a natural QB with a very high IQ- like Wilson he's a quarterback that happens to be an athlete not an athlete playing QB. Scott has a great feel for the position, he's tough, he's a leader, he's a fast learner, he knows where to go with the ball, he's accurate, he's mobile and he can make all the throws. Any time you can get a QB with the holy trinity of feel/mobility/leadership I think it's a guy you almost have to take a chance on, especially given that he did all of this in his first year of starting. No other QB in this draft screams "John Schneider QB" the way Scott does. If Seattle is willing to draft a QB this year in the mid to late rounds, I think Scott is a very strong possibility. It wouldn't shock me if Scott goes much, much earlier than this, but I have Seattle taking him in the 7th until we learn more about where teams grade him. With good preparation, Scott could be ready to be effective in our offense by the time Flynn's contract expires. 7th round (T-Jack trade*): Knile Davis, RB, Arkansas Davis just declared for the draft despite having a year of eligibility left, making him a little bit like this year's Darron Thomas. Davis was a beast in 2010 alongside Ryan Mallett and was primed for a huge 2011 season. Unfortunately an ankle injury ended his season before it began. He came back in 2012, and like the rest of that Arkansas team, he was a complete disaster. He averaged just 3.7 yards per carry and had just two outings all season with a yards per carry over 4.0. Still, a healthy Knile Davis is a first round talent, and as a powerful interior runner with good vision, he'd be a potential home run pick in Tom Cable's power running scheme. This is a gamble with huge upside, and with so many picks on a roster that is so tough to crack, Seattle is in great position to take this chance. Here is a video from his much better 2010 season, for those who aren't familiar with him. 7th round: Michael Clay, LB/S, Oregon Michael Clay is a playmaker, but unfortunately for him he lacks the necessary size to play linebacker at the next level, and he might lack the speed to play anything other than an in the box type safety. Fortunately, Seattle has two such roles (Chancellor, Johnson) that could fit that skillset. Clay is a similar player to Jeron Johnson and could immediately compete for the big nickle 3rd safety spot on the defense. *5th rounder from Curry trade could be a 4th instead, 7th rounder from T-jack could be a 6th rounder instead, we may not get the Ruud pick at all depending on the terms of the deal.
Sort Your Story blogger, Jennifer Holik, has been writing a series of books called Stories of the Lost. There will be five books total with the first two books and resource guides coming out December 2, 2013. One of these books will focus on the story of a women who joined the Women’s Army Corp during World War II. Are you researching and telling the stories of your female ancestors? Jennifer and Sort Your Story Creator Lorel Kapke, have been focusing on the women in their families this year. Here are a few tips to get you started in researching your World War II female ancestor. - Did your ancestor fight on the home front as a wife, homemaker, Rosie the Riverter or other role? Every role a female played during the war was important whether she served in the Armed Forces or was at home. Write the stories you know about your ancestors who fought from home. - Did your ancestor serve in a branch of the Armed Forces? Was she a WAAC/WAC (Women’s Army Auxiliary Corp/Women’s Army Corp)? Serve as in the WAVES (Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service)? Did she help in the Red Cross? What about as a nurse? Other groups? Write the stories you know about these ancestors. - For those that served in a branch of the armed forces, look at those histories. Many books have been written about these women’s groups by the military and by those who served. By reading these histories you will discover more about your female ancestor. You might even stumble upon a photo of her! Looking for resources for Women in World War II? On FaceBook: Women During World War II Group These are only a few of the many sites that provide information and history on the women who served during World War II. What others do you know about? What stories do you have? © 2013, Sort Your Story, Sonoma, California
The Lohan’s are infamously ALWAYS on the covers of tabloids, getting into some drama, being photographed or going to jail. Well the most recent Lohan drama involves Michael Lohan (Linday’s dad) taking a paternity test for a 17 year old girl in question. Well, after 17 years of denial, it turned out positive. What could possibly be next for this broken family?… It’s hard to believe many of the stories that come out about this family, but could a current tabloid be true? Could Lindsay Lohan be pregnant? Last night Lilo appeared on Jay Leno’s show and he brought up a tabloid story that says Lindsay Lohan is preggers…Lindsay replied citing ridiculousness! Lindsay talked about how untrue the accusation is. She said the tabloid made a picture look like she had a baby bump, which she didn’t. She wouldn’t be the first star to deny being pregnant if she really is (like Snookie did), so we’ll just have to wait and see if the “baby bump” grows over time.
|04-07-2012, 12:42 AM||#1| Join Date: Nov 2005 Location: North Van Posts: 330Rep Power: 653578 Santa Cruz Blur (green) stolen A friend's Santa Cruz Blur was stolen from his house in Powell River last week. Russel was the president of the Powell River bike club for several years and helped bring the BC Bike Race to town - really sucks to see shit like this happen to people like him who give so much to the sport and the community. If you come across the bike please let me know asap (PM) |04-10-2012, 04:55 AM||#2| A displaced Islander. Join Date: Jan 2007 Posts: 4,115Rep Power: 11431245 Powel River is around 12,000 people I hope it turns up a 7-11 soon unharmed. |Display Modes||Rate This Thread| |Thread||Thread Starter||Forum||Replies||Last Post| |FS: Santa Cruz Blur Classic||morgman||NSMB Buy and Sell forum||4||03-22-2012 01:12 AM| |Stolen Santa Cruz Juliana||paulpalf||Stolen||4||08-24-2010 08:23 AM| |2007 Santa Cruz Blur 4x - Slopestyle (Medium)||JSinclair||NSMB Buy and Sell forum||9||07-14-2010 07:59 PM| |Stolen orange santa cruz V10, giant stp||Knapton||Stolen||2||07-09-2010 06:24 AM| |nsmb , you have let me down||gearwh0re||NBR - Not Biking Related||29||10-23-2007 03:38 PM|
Leach, John and Almond, Sharon (1999) Ambient air, oxygen and nitrox effects on cognitive performance at altitude. Applied Human Science, 18 (5). pp. 175-179. ISSN 1341-3473Full text not available from this repository. The effects on cognitive performance of breathing air, oxygen and nitrox gas mixtures at surface ambient pressures were investigated during an expedition to the Everest region of Nepal. A slight improvement in grammatical reasoning at altitude was found under nitrox (p<0.05) and mathematical reasoning showed improvement at altitude on air (p<0.05), oxygen (p<0.01) and nitrox (p<0.01). There were non-significant trends towards decreasing mathematical ability, coupled with an increase in variance on both grammatical and mathematical test performance, with increasing pO2 (all p>0.05). The results suggest that there is a subtle interaction on cognition as indicated by a significant three-way interaction between subject x altitude x gas (p<0.05). |Journal or Publication Title:||Applied Human Science| |Uncontrolled Keywords:||oxygen ; grammatical reasoning ; nitrox ; mathematical reasoning ; cognition| |Subjects:||B Philosophy. Psychology. Religion > BF Psychology| |Departments:||Faculty of Science and Technology > Psychology| |Deposited On:||05 Nov 2008 15:55| |Last Modified:||01 Jul 2016 00:00| Actions (login required)
Michael McGriff, Visiting Poet in Residence MetadataShow full item record Michael McGriff, Visiting & Distinguished Poet in Residence for WSU Dept. of English, reads from his books of poetry (Dismantling the Hills, The Sorrow Gondola, & To Build My Shadow a Fire). April 14, 2011, Ablah Library, Wichita State University
In an IRS Industry call at 2pm January 26, the IRS indicated that some of their new “upfront fraud filters” had held up more returns that then had anticipated. I would take this to mean that they have relaxed some of their “fraud filters” beginning on that date. The IRS issued an update here… IRS UPDATE If your customers want to check on their refund, then they can check on this Where’s My Refund link. For those of you using Drake Tax Software, we include a tool in the software that will take you directly to that website and put in the right information. Simply go to EF> Search EF Database, enter the SSN of the taxpayer and click “GO“. Then Click “Where is my refund” on that first tab. This delay is impacting all transmitters including taxpayers who are preparing their own tax returns and Efiling them. So for our customers who have a 1040.com Preparer website for efiling, your customers that file there before Jan 25th COULD be delayed as well. Posted by Phil Drake, Drake Software
Bubba Watson became just the fifth golfer in the past 50 years to win the Masters twice in a three-year span. Here's a look at the club he joined yesterday with his victory at Augusta National. "The Golden Bear" won six of his record 18 major championships at Augusta. By the time he became the tournament's first consecutive winner in '66, he already earned three green jackets. The only Brit to win the Masters multiple times, Faldo also is one of just eight men to win the tournament at least three times. Still the youngest winner in Masters history after Jordan Spieth came up short, he won back-to-back titles four years after earning his first green jacket. The fan favorite finally broke through for his first major tournament championship at Augusta in 2004, then pulled off the feat again two years later.
NORWICH – October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month and in light of the epidemic number of breast cancer claims nationwide, Lori Kemerrer, cancer outreach specialist for the Chenango Health Network, is rousing the community to paint the town pink. Throughout the month of October, pink ribbons, flags and banners will be hanged in windows of residences and storefronts, on telephone polls, and on car windows throughout the county. Pink ribbon flags will also be flown at six participating townships: Norwich, Sherburne, Earlville, Afton, Bainbridge, and Greene – all as part of a larger campaign effort by the name of ‘Every Woman Counts in Chenango County.’ This will be the second consecutive year Every Woman Counts in Chenango County will be “painting the town pink,” explained Kemerrer. “Last year was a great success in all the towns,” she said. The purpose is to promote regular screenings, mammograms and follow up examinations to prevent growing numbers of breast, cervical and ovarian cancer. “We just want to spread the word to get information out there. Early detection saves lives,” she added.
Of Gold and Unbacked Notes of the Past September 08, 2009 Look at gold. It has broken through $1,000 a troy ounce for the third time. This will bear watching going forward, but having just finished a holiday weekend, my mind has been looking backward rather than forward. A family gathering took me to St. Paul, Minn. It was a great time to catch up. I took a look at Prosperity Heights grade school that I started kindergarten at 49 years ago this month. It looks remarkably unchanged except for what appears to be a gymnasium addition. I have many memories from the place that I left in the middle of second grade. I remember the whole school watching the liftoff of John Glenn, who then became the first American to orbit the earth in 1962. A number of televisions had been placed at various spots in the halls. Hobby wise, I date my coin collecting days as starting after I left the Twin Cities, though I do have one numismatic item from that time. My father thought $2 bills were a curiosity that I should be aware of. He gave me one. I thought it was so neat that I have kept it all these years, though once or twice I used it in my young years as collateral for a loan from my father in anticipation of future allowance income. My father was an accountant who wanted me to be aware of how the world of finance worked. The note is a Series 1953 Red Seal, which is another name for a United States Note. This series was a legacy of the Civil War when the Union was forced to issue paper money that had no backing of gold or silver. The U.S. Note issuance came to be frozen at $346 million and was not finally abolished until the 1990s. By that time, it was irrelevant to the economy and its issuance was a fiction. $100 U.S. Notes were moved around from an unissued vault at Treasury to a vault that had the designation as "Issued." But in my childhood, you could find $2 and $5 U.S. Notes in change if you watched closely. I obtained a $5 years later when I was a paperboy. It is perhaps appropriate to discuss unbacked paper money from former times as a counterpoint to the present unbacked notes and gold's price reaching four digits. Something to add? Notice an error? Comment on this blog. About the Author
The recent Budget held a number of tax changes for the property sector. Looking at the details, Jonathan Legg finds that on balance it was positive From a property tax perspective there were no bombshells in the Budget, but there were a few surprises in store for the property sector, both good and bad. In terms of what was not mentioned, it is good news that the chancellor of the exchequer did not follow up on last year’s cryptic comments about taxing the sale of shares in companies or units in unit trusts at a higher rate of stamp duty land tax (SDLT). Draconian rules affecting such transactions would have impacted severely on many property-holding structures. It is hoped that any future changes will be based on proper consultation. A decrease in the main rate of corporation tax (applying to businesses with profits in excess of £1.5m) from 28 per cent to 26 per cent with effect from 1 April is a welcome boost to business. The rate will then fall by 1 per cent per year until it reaches 23 per cent on 1 April 2014. As announced in last year’s June Budget, the rate of corporation tax for smaller companies (where profits are below £300,000) will also be reduced, from 21 per cent to 20 per cent, with effect from 1 April. HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) has listened to the property sector’s representations to reduce the rate of SDLT arising on bulk purchases of residential property. Under the new rules the rate of tax on a bulk purchase will be determined by the mean rather than the aggregate consideration. This is calculated by dividing the aggregate consideration by the number of residential properties. So if the mean consideration was less than £250,000, the SDLT arising would be 1 per cent, even if the total consideration was £100m. This is intended to kick-start the residential sector, particularly in the context of getting institutions to invest in the private rented sector, and is to be welcomed. The announcement with regard to real estate investment trusts (Reits) is particularly welcome. HMRC is launching an informal consultation about how to encourage new entrants and simplify the existing regime. It is significant that HMRC is considering removing the 2 per cent entry charge. This would make the Reit model much more attractive and certainly make the case for setting up offshore, which has been the alternative for many property investment companies and funds, considerably weaker. It is also hoped that the regime is tweaked to ensure that the Reit model fits the realities of residential investment, with its need to constantly churn properties. Predictably, the Budget clamped down on a specific avoidance scheme that utilised the so-called ’alternative finance’ reliefs to avoid SDLT. These structures involved sale-and-leaseback structures, often combined with ’sub-sale’ relief. The new rules broadly take effect from 24 March unless arrangements were entered into before that date. The clamping down on this kind of arrangement means that the days of packaged SDLT schemes are numbered. However, HMRC will continue to argue that such arrangements did not work in any event and will not doubt litigate where appropriate. There were also some more technical changes. Amendments to the SDLT exchange rules will affect certain transactions. Following HMRC guidance, the accepted practice has been that SDLT does not have to be accounted for on the VAT element of certain types of transactions, such as sale-and-leaseback. A person buying a property for £100,000 plus VAT of £20,000 who granted a leaseback to the vendor would only account for SDLT on the VAT-exclusive amount of £100,000, even though VAT was paid. The new rule, with effect from 24 March, appears to reverse this treatment, meaning that SDLT will arise on the VAT-inclusive amount actually paid (£120 in the example above). Other developments include enhanced capital allowances possibly being made available on investments in designated enterprise zones. Meanwhile, the review of SDLT first-time buyer relief will be announced in the autumn. Further details are eagerly awaited. Finally, do not forget the new top rate of 5 per cent for residential property announced in last year’s Budget. This will take effect from 6 April. Overall, this was a decent Budget for the property sector. Certainly the Government seems to have listened to representations from industry bodies. Jonathan Legg is a tax partner in the real estate group at Mishcon de Reya
You are here Loving collectors and a visionary decorator create an exotic interior bursting with passion and color Whoever said long-distance love affairs don’t work hasn’t stepped inside the jewel-box bungalow of Brad and Pat Ray. Perched near Lake Harriet in Minneapolis, the unassuming exterior of the 1915 clapboard house belies an interior bursting with color and passion—signs of the unmistakable vision of Los Angeles decorator Lynn Von Kersting. With little more than the phone and FedEx, the Rays and Von Kersting have cooked up a style that’s nothing short of exuberant. “It has been one of the most relaxing ways to decorate,” says Von Kersting, whose creative force is palpable in the collection-filled cottage, yet she has never been there. Brad and Pat fell in love with Von Kersting’s work in 1992 as they were perusing design magazines. On a trip to Los Angeles, they visited her shop, Indigo Seas, after having lunch next door at her restaurant, The Ivy. Brad remembers, “The shop was filled with old textiles, beautiful plates, and exotic paintings. We knew we absolutely had to have everything ‘to go.’” Inspired by their discoveries, the Rays asked the shop manager if Von Kersting would consider decorating their Minnesota home. They struck a deal that hinged on just how far-reaching Von Kersting’s vision could be. Once she agreed to communicate via snapshots, a passionate collecting and decorating collaboration was forged—and it’s still going strong. “The whole house was decorated by sending pictures, or as Lynn calls them, ‘snaps,’” explains Pat. “No bowl of lemons or stack of books went unnoticed. Somehow, she was able to take it all in and provide just the right direction. When we did the kitchen, she even counted out the tiles and told us exactly where to hang the stuff. ‘Go down 14 tiles and hang a cigar plate. Another 12 tiles and hang an old painting of St. Tropez.’ It was amazing.” Adds Brad, “The picture hangers thought we were crazy. But it worked.” Instead of taking the usual room-by-room approach, the 1,100 square feet of opulence evolved piece by piece. This fly-by-the-seat-of-your-pants style of decorating gives the small space a freewheeling flamboyance that continues to reinvent itself as more pieces are delivered to the front porch. “When friends say our house is out of the box,” chuckles Brad, “we tell them it’s more like out of the crate. We’re crazy about this mail-order-bride style of decorating. It starts with a picture of a potential treasure. When we give the go-ahead and the piece itself arrives, Pat and I unveil it, ask each other if we love it, and then declare our ‘I do’s.’” What might have been a nightmare of disjointedness comes together in a joyful blend. That’s because nearly every piece is from the 1800s is loved by owners and decorators alike, and settles into the space according to Von Kersting’s eagle eye for order and symmetry. A case in point is the Ray’s living room wall of prized 19th-century dog portraits. Bringing life to a dark rear wall, Von Kersting artfully arranged rows of sweet dog faces around a large shell-framed mirror that reflects the front window. Thanks to the mirror’s careful placement, the warm and orderly composition has the bonus of visually expanding the room. A true dog lover, Pat explains. “It’s one of our favorite parts of the house. We call it the ‘Woof Woof’ wall. We collected pooch by pooch, following strict criteria for adoption: loving eyes and absolutely no leashes.” That same fearless approach to displaying art continues in the dining room, where an extra-large portrait of a chic 1930s sunbather hangs right over the wainscoting and down to the fainting couch below. The vignette not only encourages dinner conversation or lounging, but the sheer bravado of the scale also enlarges the dining room. Pat observes, “With Lynn, we’ve made the house bigger with mirrors and paintings that not only expand the space but also take your breath away.” The kitchen, too, was converted from what the Rays remember as a loathed white-tiled subway station to an adored portrait-covered French bistro. “We hated the kitchen and wanted to demolish the floor-to-ceiling white tile,” Brad recalls. “Then Lynn said, ‘Why don’t you just leave it, and we’ll make it a bistro?’” Voila! After painting the ceiling and walls a rich red and hanging quirky French portraits—usually of people sporting cigarettes or pearls—their bistro was born. To complete the va-va-voom of the room, a huge mirror hangs proudly above the stove, bringing light, volume, and attitude with its ever-changing lipstick-written menu. The same large-scale drama enhances the tiny blue bedroom. The soft blue walls bravely boast a three-dimensional wallpaper of exotic old Chinese reverse-glass paintings. And at the foot of their Porthault-covered bed rests an old Indian chartreuse bench that adds a solid punch to the peaceful blue. “As writers, we appreciate pieces and paintings that have a story to tell,” observes Brad; Pat nods in agreement. Ever the wordsmith, he continues to wax poetic: “Whether it’s the bistro mirror with a menu scripted in shiny red lipstick, a hand-stitched symbol on a Moroccan pillow, or favorite words in our collection of first-edition books, we know everything is perfect. Letter perfect.” And so, this long-distance decorating romance continues to this day, happily ever after. Its longevity (14 years) shows the characters involved have what it takes to make relationships last: a bit of bravado, a lot of humor, and a big dose of imagination. Photography: Susan Gilmore The living room’s 19th-century pieces include a Steinway piano and the model Eiffel Tower atop it. “With Lynn, we’ve made the house bigger with mirrors and paintings that not only expand the space, but take your breath away,” says homeowner Pat Ray. Living Room Details On the far end of the living room is the “Woof Woof” wall, so named for its collection of 19th-century American, English, and French dog portraits. The living room’s sunny palette is amped up by its smallest details, like gold-painted china, fresh flowers, and yellow stained-glass windows. Living Room Table Beside a Venetian sconce, a 19th-century portrait of a princess hangs above a skirted table holding old Chinese and Moroccan jars and a jaunty fez. Colorful pillows adorn the living room couch. Presented in an unconventional fashion, a large portrait of a sunbather boldly hangs above and below the dining room’s wainscoting. A hand-blocked Indian tablecloth and old Chinese lamp bases add cool color to balance the warm ochre walls and the rich red fabrics. Dining Room Details A pair of Chinese lamps with lipstick-red Irish wool shades adds pop to the dining room bistro table, strewn with 19th-century Venetian champagne glasses. A collection of sequined Indian prints from the same era enlivens the wall. Paper lanterns and bamboo furniture establish an exotic mood in the backyard patio area. A lush setting is the perfect backdrop for summertime entertaining. Homeowners Pat and Brad Ray outside their home in Minneapolis. The original 1915 kitchen was transformed from a drab white-tiled chamber into a charming bistro, adorned with portraits to give it personality. A 19th-century bust and sketch of Marianne, patron saint of France, hold court with an old Eiffel Tower bud vase, and Moroccan tea glasses. A big bistro mirror often shows the evening’s menu in red lipstick. “They keep us company,” Brad says of the portraits. Hand-forged silverware cabinet pulls continue the fun into the butler’s pantry. Vibrant paint energizes the walls and makes the small space glow. In the master bedroom, a chartreuse bench topped with exotic pillows continues the vividness of the bed’s giant red-silk embroidered pillows and the Chinese reverse-glass paintings on the wall.
Tomorrow morning, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will appear for the first time before Congress' Joint Economic Committee. And on Thursday morning, she'll testify before the Senate Budget Committee. Especially after last week's divergent economic data -- slow 1st quarter economic growth, a robust increase in jobs, and a sharp drop in labor force participation -- the financial markets likely will be hanging on her every word about the nation's current economic outlook and the Federal Reserve's future actions. In advance of these hearings, here are some pertinent questions that could lead to some very interesting and enlightening responses: - Since Shinzo Abe took over as prime minister in Japan, it has pursued a policy of aggressive fiscal stimulus, coupled with a central bank commitment to raising the inflation rate to 2.0 percent. This is in spite of the fact that its debt to GDP is more than twice as high as in the United States. Since then the economy has picked up and the employment to population ratio has increased by 1.6 percentage points. This would be the equivalent of more than 4 million new jobs in the United States. Do you think Japan's experience offers any lessons for the United States? - The Fed's preferred measure of inflation, the core personal consumption expenditure deflator, has risen at just a 1.2 percent annual rate, well below the Fed's 2.0 percent target. With inflation running below target would you view an uptick in inflation as a positive development rather than cause for alarm? - One of the main factors that led to the financial crisis is that the investment banks issuing mortgage backed securities (MBS) faced little downside risk if these assets went bad. Are you concerned that giving the investment banks the option to issue MBS that would carry a 90 percent guarantee, as envisioned on Johnson-Crapo, will create an even worse problem of moral hazard? - It appears that a core group of countries in the euro zone stand to move ahead with a financial transactions tax. This will lead to a modest increase in the cost of individual transactions and presumably a reduction in the volume of trading. If the United States were to impose a similar tax, would you be worried that the resulting decline in liquidity would obstruct the smooth working of financial markets?
3 F3d 214 Wilbur v. L Mahan 3 F.3d 214 8 Indiv.Empl.Rts.Cas. 1377 Roy WILBUR, Plaintiff-Appellant, Charles L. MAHAN, Defendant-Appellee. United States Court of Appeals, Argued May 13, 1993. Decided Aug. 23, 1993. Jeffrey B. Rock (argued), Hasselberg & Rock, Peoria, IL, for plaintiff-appellant. Edward T. Graham, Jr. (argued), Hershey, Beavers, Periard & Graham, Frank B. Schweitzer, Taylorville, IL, for defendant-appellee. Before CUMMINGS, POSNER, and EASTERBROOK, Circuit Judges. POSNER, Circuit Judge. This case arises at the intersection of two lines of free-speech decisions. One concerns the right of public officials to hire or fire an employee on the basis of his affiliation with a political party or faction. The other concerns their right to discipline an employee who speaks out on a matter of public significance in a way displeasing to them. Sheriff Mahan of Christian County, Illinois, decided to run for reelection in the November 1990 election. In August 1989 Deputy Sheriff Wilbur announced his candidacy for the office of sheriff. He declared that if elected he would delegate more authority to the deputy sheriffs; Mahan, according to Wilbur, ran the office as a one-man band. Both Mahan and Wilbur are Democrats. About a week after Wilbur announced his candidacy, Mahan amended the regulations of the sheriff's office to provide that any employee who ran for sheriff could be placed on unpaid leave of absence until the election. The regulation, effective September 1, 1989, was made applicable to Wilbur on December 16, almost a year before the election. He claims without contradiction that because the deputy's job was his only source of income his ability to campaign was crippled by the application of the new regulation to him; he must not have been able to raise substantial campaign contributions. He claims again without contradiction that between the time he declared his candidacy and the time he was forced to go on unpaid leave he did not discuss politics or campaign during hours when he was on duty and his candidacy and campaigning did not disturb the operations of the office in the slightest. We assume that Wilbur lost the election and returned to his deputy's job, although the record is curiously silent on these points. His suit, brought under 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1983, seeks among other things to recover the wages that he lost as a result of his unpaid leave of absence. The district judge granted summary judgment for the defendant. Yet at first blush the facts we have recited present a blatant case of retaliation for the exercise of the right of free speech. Wilbur was critical of how a public official, the sheriff, was performing his job. The sheriff punished Wilbur by taking away his salary. Given the state of the record, severely incomplete as it well may be, we must assume that the new regulation, empowering the sheriff to remove a deputy or other employee of his office who runs for election as sheriff, was aimed at deterring Wilbur from running, crippling his campaign by reducing his income, punishing him for his effrontery in running against the sheriff, and silencing or muting his criticisms of that official--criticisms that constituted the message of Wilbur's campaign. The right to criticize public officials is at the heart of the First Amendment's right of free speech, New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254, 84 S.Ct. 710, 11 L.Ed.2d 686 (1964), and punishments far less severe than taking away the critic's income have been held to infringe the right. Bart v. Telford, 677 F.2d 622, 625 (7th Cir.1982). A subordinate of a public official is, moreover, ideally situated to be an effective critic of the official. Being an insider, the subordinate acquires knowledge about the intimate operation of the office at far lower cost than an outsider could do. Mahan has as yet made no effort to show that Wilbur's candidacy and campaign interfered with the efficient operation of the sheriff's office or would have done so had Wilbur remained in his deputy sheriff's job throughout the campaign. There was a time when by virtue of accepting public employment an individual surrendered his right of free speech. "The petitioner may have a constitutional right to talk politics, but he has no constitutional right to be a policeman." McAullife v. Mayor & Board of Aldermen, 155 Mass. 216, 29 N.E. 517 (1892) (Holmes, J.). That time is long past. Perry v. Sindermann, 408 U.S. 593, 597, 92 S.Ct. 2694, 2697, 33 L.Ed.2d 570 (1972); Pickering v. Board of Education, 391 U.S. 563, 568, 88 S.Ct. 1731, 1734-35, 20 L.Ed.2d 811 (1968). It is true that public employees do not have as broad a right of free speech as they would if they were merely critics and not also employees of government. (1) A public employee disciplined for making a statement that is not a public comment on issues of public significance has no remedy under the First Amendment. Connick v. Myers, 461 U.S. 138, 146, 149, 103 S.Ct. 1684, 1689-90, 1691, 75 L.Ed.2d 708 (1983); see also Rankin v. McPherson, 483 U.S. 378, 384, 107 S.Ct. 2891, 2897, 97 L.Ed.2d 315 (1987). (2) An employee's statement that would be protected if made by a person not employed by the public agency is not privileged if it is likely to disrupt the efficient operation of the agency. Id. at 384, 107 S.Ct. at 2897; Connick v. Myers, supra, 461 U.S. at 149-51, 103 S.Ct. at 1691-92; Pickering v. Board of Education, supra, 391 U.S. at 568, 88 S.Ct. at 1734. (3) States can adopt counterparts to the federal Hatch Act, Broadrick v. Oklahoma, 413 U.S. 601, 93 S.Ct. 2908, 37 L.Ed.2d 830 (1973), which requires a civil servant who wants to run for office to resign from the civil service. 5 U.S.C. Sec. 7324(a)(2). The first limitation is not involved in this case, however. As for the second, the defendant has presented, as we have said, no evidence of actual or probable disruption. As for the third, the defendant does not rely on the "baby Hatch Act" cases, perhaps because Illinois does not have a baby Hatch Act. He could we suppose argue that his own regulation empowering him to place any employee who runs for sheriff on unpaid leave of absence is itself a baby Hatch Act, entitled to the same deference as a state statute would be, since ordinarily the federal courts do not concern themselves with the level within state government at which an action claimed to violate the federal Constitution originates. Falls v. Town of Dyer, 875 F.2d 146, 147 (7th Cir.1989); Menora v. Illinois High School Ass'n, 683 F.2d 1030, 1036 (7th Cir.1982); DeMallory v. Cullen, 855 F.2d 442, 453-54 (7th Cir.1988) (dissenting opinion). He does not make the argument, perhaps because it would be rather a stretch of the Hatch Act cases to interpret them as authorizing a public official selectively to apply a "resign to run" provision to his political enemies. The regulation at issue is permissive, not mandatory. No doubt it would always be invoked by a sheriff who planned to run for reelection; but he might not be planning to run, and in that event might invoke the regulation only against a deputy of whose views he disapproved. In granting summary judgment for Mahan, the district judge relied primarily on decisions that limit, also in the name of the First Amendment, the right of government officials to base personnel decisions on party affiliation. Elrod v. Burns, 427 U.S. 347 (1976) (plurality opinion), 367, 96 S.Ct. 2673, 2687, 49 L.Ed.2d 547; Branti v. Finkel, 445 U.S. 507, 100 S.Ct. 1287, 63 L.Ed.2d 574 (1980); Soderbeck v. Burnett County, 752 F.2d 285, 288 (7th Cir.1985). It may seem paradoxical that decisions which limit the powers of government should be invoked in defense against a suit claiming an infringement of free speech. But those decisions contain an exception for the situation in which the public employee or job applicant occupies or seeks an office having a confidential character (as in the case of a personal secretary or personal assistant, for example), a policymaking function, or some other characteristic that would make party affiliation a reasonable job qualification. Elrod v. Burns, supra, 427 U.S. at 367, 96 S.Ct. at 2687; Branti v. Finkel, supra, 445 U.S. at 518, 100 S.Ct. at 1294-95; Upton v. Thompson, 930 F.2d 1209, 1213-16 (7th Cir.1991); Tomczak v. City of Chicago, 765 F.2d 633, 640 (7th Cir.1985); Soderbeck v. Burnett County, supra, 752 F.2d at 288; Livas v. Petka, 711 F.2d 798, 800 (7th Cir.1983). A public agency would be unmanageable if its head had to appoint or retain his political enemies, or if that is too strong members of the opposite party--or for that matter members of no party, neither enemies nor friends--in positions of confidence or positions in which they would be making policy or, what amounts to the same thing, exercising discretion in the implementation of policy. He could not trust the occupants of the confidential positions to keep his secrets or the occupants of the policymaking positions to carry out his policies with fidelity and diligence. Upton v. Thompson, supra, holds that deputy sheriffs in Illinois are policymakers within the meaning of these decisions because they exercise significant discretion (more than that of an ordinary policeman) in the performance of their duties. From this the district judge inferred that once a public employee is put into the confidential-assistant or policymaker slot, he loses his right of free speech. That may have been too big a leap. The decisions in which the confidential-assistant and policymaker exceptions were created and have been applied involved (or were assumed to involve or treated as involving) situations in which the employee was complaining that he had lost or had failed to get a job because he was not a member of the employer's political party. They are cases about patronage hiring--about the spoils system. The exceptions we have sketched reflect a recognition that some patronage hiring may be essential to democratic government: elected officials cannot implement the policies that they were elected to carry out, and hence the will of the electorate cannot be effectuated, unless the officials can install their political allies in the most sensitive jobs. The effect on free speech is recognized--political independence is compromised if party affiliation is a condition for getting or keeping a job--but it is small, because most civil servants are apolitical, and it is deemed outweighed by the interest in securing effective democratic government. The present case is not a patronage case. Wilbur was not placed on unpaid leave because he belongs to the "wrong" political party or the wrong faction of the right party. He belongs to the same party as the sheriff, and there is no suggestion of factions beyond what is implicit in Wilbur's decision to campaign against a fellow Democrat (it may have been a faction of one). The defendant claims the right to fire a confidential or policymaking employee on any ground. Interpreted literally, that is a questionable position, though not one on which we are required to rule in this case. The status of being a confidential or policymaking employee exposes a public employee to being fired for belonging to the wrong party. It does not expose him to being fired for belonging to the wrong race, or the wrong church. It may not--though this is a more difficult question--expose him to being fired for engaging in forms of expression that have no conceivable bearing on his job. Suppose Wilbur belonged to the animal rights movement and contributed money to efforts to ban hunting, and Mahan was an enthusiastic hunter and fired Wilbur to express his contempt for animal rights. Maybe even then Mahan could make an argument that Wilbur's activities were inimical to the discipline of the office. But if he made no such argument, we would have some difficulty understanding why, just because Wilbur was a policymaking employee, Mahan could invoke the patronage line of cases to curtail Wilbur's freedom of expression on a matter not only remote from the purview of his duties but, we are assuming, utterly incapable of interfering with the operation of the sheriff's office. The patronage cases do not deal with such a situation, and they do not hold that an individual surrenders all his freedom of speech by becoming a confidential or policymaking employee of government. All this said, we think the district judge was right to dismiss the suit. The specific facts here, which are remote from those of our animal rights hypothetical, bring Wilbur within the scope of the concern that gave rise to the exceptions in the patronage cases. That concern, which cannot be confined to matters of party affiliation, is with the effects on the operations of government of forcing a public official to hire, or retain, in a confidential or policymaking job, persons who are not his political friends and may be his political enemies. That concern is activated when an employee who occupies such a job announces that he is going to run against his boss for the boss's office because the boss is not administering the office properly. The declaration of candidacy in these circumstances is a declaration of war. It makes the candidate a political enemy of his boss whether or not they are members of the same party--some of the bitterest political fights are intraparty fights; consider Senator Edward Kennedy's campaign to supplant President Carter as the Democratic Party's 1980 Presidential candidate, or Patrick Buchanan's campaign to supplant President Bush as the Republican Party's 1992 Presidential candidate. If as here the candidate occupies a confidential or policymaking position under the boss, the political enmity that the candidacy is certain to engender entitles the boss to fire him. Actual disruption or disturbance need not be proved. Such proofs are not required in the patronage cases. Once the employee is classified as confidential or policymaking, he can be fired on political grounds even if there is no evidence that he would not serve his political superiors loyally and competently. If a public official is permitted to fire a confidential or policymaking employee merely because the latter quietly, inoffensively, undemonstratively belongs to the wrong political party--or even merely because he is a political eunuch, belonging to no party, taking no political stance--the official should be permitted to fire the same employee when the latter asks the electorate to throw the rascal out and put himself into the rascal's office. The restriction on free speech may be greater than in the patronage cases because the employee is an active speaker, and in the patronage cases the employee is penalized less often for what he said than for his party affiliation or nonaffiliation; rarely is he an active speaker. At the same time, the disruptive potential of an employee's candidacy in opposition to his boss is much greater than that of an employee who, merely by virtue of a different party affiliation, may not be trusted to serve the boss with the maximum of fidelity and zeal. It is different when the employee who is running against or otherwise speaking against his superior is not a confidential or policymaking employee. He is not entrusted with the superior's confidences or with discretionary authority. His disloyalty does not create the appearance or reality of undermining the superior's authority. But in this case we are dealing with a policymaking employee, and we do not think that as soon as a case is shifted from the gravitational field of the patronage cases to that of the public employee speech cases such short cuts as presuming that a policymaking employee's electoral challenge is inconsistent with the effective operation of democratic government must go by the board and the employer must prove, as a matter of fact, a "compelling governmental interest." Wilbur's lawyer opined in answer to a hypothetical question from the bench that if the Secretary of Health and Human Services announced that she would run for President against President Clinton in 1996 because she disapproved of his policies, the President could not, consistent with the First Amendment, fire her without proving that the announcement would intolerably disrupt the effective functioning of his Administration. If he did fire her and she sued, he would not be entitled to summary judgment. There would have to be, in the lawyer's words, an "open-ended inquiry" at trial, at which the interest of the President in being able to assure the personal and political loyalty of his Cabinet officers would have to be balanced against their interest in being able to speak their minds on matters of public concern and campaign for public office. We do not agree. Legal proofs are not the only source of knowledge and decision. Categorical judgments based on experience and common sense play an important role in all areas of law. The exception recognized in the patronage cases for sensitive employees rests on such judgments and it retains its force in cases that have nothing directly to do with patronage or party affiliation. An elected official is entitled to insist on the loyalty of his policymaking subordinates, and a declaration that the subordinate means to run against the official at the next election is the height of disloyalty. It would be a strange rule that gave more job protection to policymaking employees who vociferously attack their superiors than to policymaking employees who do their best to serve those superiors faithfully but have the misfortune to belong to the wrong party. It would give policymaking employees and other sensitive employees an incentive to attack their bosses in order to retain their jobs. We are mindful that Thomas v. Carpenter, 881 F.2d 828 (9th Cir.1989), held that a suit by a lieutenant in the sheriff's office who like Wilbur was punished for campaigning against the incumbent sheriff stated a claim. But unlike deputy sheriffs in Illinois (according to Upton v. Thompson ) he did not exercise a policymaking function, see id. at 829, and the court was sympathetic to the proposition that the governmental interests identified in the Elrod-Branti line of cases are relevant when, as in our case, a policymaking employee complains of retaliation or discrimination for having campaigned against his superior. Id. at 831. We are mindful, too, that Stough v. Gallagher, 967 F.2d 1523, 1527-28 (11th Cir.1992), says that the Elrod and Pickering lines of cases cannot be combined--that if the subordinate was fired because of what he said rather than because of his party affiliation the fact that he was a confidential or policymaking employee is irrelevant. We disagree, of course, but we have no quarrel with the holding of Stough. The plaintiff and the defendant in that case were captains in the sheriff's office. Captains were career officers, not policymakers; they could be fired or demoted only for cause. The sheriff's office was vacant and the defendant a candidate for it. The plaintiff supported another candidate. The defendant won, and demoted the plaintiff. The plaintiff had not run against his boss--the defendant hadn't been his boss. And he was not a policymaking or confidential employee. See id. at 1529. He was not within the orbit of the Elrod principle at all. Terry v. Cook, 866 F.2d 373, 376-77 (11th Cir.1989), contains similar dicta about keeping the two lines of case separate, but it was a pure Elrod case, not a hybrid like ours in which a (1) policymaker is fired for (2) speaking out. Although the sheriff's regulation challenged in this case is limited neither to confidential and policymaking employees nor to elections in which the sheriff himself is a candidate, the plaintiff does not complain that the regulation is overbroad or argue that he is entitled to assert the interest of an employee who might be deterred by the broad scope of the regulation from engaging in protected activity. Gooding v. Wilson, 405 U.S. 518, 92 S.Ct. 1103, 31 L.Ed.2d 408 (1972); Waldron v. McAtee, 723 F.2d 1348, 1353 (7th Cir.1983). The judgment of the district court dismissing Mr. Wilbur's suit is EASTERBROOK, Circuit Judge, concurring. My colleagues treat a simple case governed by settled doctrine as if it were complex and novel. Much could be said for their discussion as an original matter, but it is not an original matter. The Supreme Court has held that, without violating the first amendment, a public body may forbid its employees to run for elective office. Clements v. Fashing, 457 U.S. 957, 971-73, 102 S.Ct. 2836, 2847-49, 73 L.Ed.2d 508 (1982); Broadrick v. Oklahoma, 413 U.S. 601, 616-17, 93 S.Ct. 2908, 2918, 37 L.Ed.2d 830 (1973); CSC v. Letter Carriers, 413 U.S. 548, 556, 93 S.Ct. 2880, 2886, 37 L.Ed.2d 796 (1973). Cf. United Public Workers v. Mitchell, 330 U.S. 75, 67 S.Ct. 556, 91 L.Ed. 754 (1947). These cases cover not only civil service employees (Broadrick and Letter Carriers) but also policymaking officials (Clements). Sheriff Mahan took the lesser step of putting the candidate on unpaid leave until the election was over. Whatever deep problems there may be in the resign-to-run statutes that the Court has upheld, the problems in today's case are no deeper. Nonetheless, the majority treats this as a difficult and unsettled issue, hinting broadly that the plaintiff loses only because deputy sheriffs in Illinois are "policymakers" (implying that a civil service employee may not be put on unpaid leave while he runs for elective office) and adding that an elected official may not insist that even policymaking subordinates toe the party line. Much of this discussion is unnecessary given Broadrick and Clements and implicitly contradicts those opinions. Indeed, a reader might infer from portions of the majority's opinion that Broadrick came out the other way and that the court therefore needs to distinguish policymaking appointees (who may be dismissed for having the wrong politics) from civil service employees (who may run for political office). Broadrick and Clements show, however, that there is no such dichotomy. I therefore join the judgment but not the opinion. The majority mentions Broadrick in passing yet proceeds as if the Supreme Court had been mum about the application of the first amendment to resign-to-run rules. It does not cite Clements or Letter Carriers. Mahan ignores them too, concentrating on the defense of official immunity, on which he prevailed in the district court. The majority bypasses immunity; having elected to discuss at length a subject to which the defendant gives only cursory attention, my colleagues ought not proceed as if the whole law must be teased out of the few first amendment cases Mahan cites. That he did not find apt cases in the Supreme Court's jurisprudence does not require us to make up a new body of doctrine. See United States National Bank of Oregon v. Independent Insurance Agents of America, Inc., --- U.S. ----, ---- - ----, 113 S.Ct. 2173, 2177-79, 124 L.Ed.2d 402 (1993); Kamen v. Kemper Financial Services, Inc., --- U.S. ----, ----, 111 S.Ct. 1711, 1718, 114 L.Ed.2d 152 (1991). But cf. Elder v. Holloway, 975 F.2d 1388 (9th Cir.1992), rehearing in banc denied, 984 F.2d 991 (1993), cert. granted, --- U.S. ----, 113 S.Ct. 3033, 125 L.Ed.2d 721 (1993). That the sheriff's rule cannot be called a "baby Hatch Act" also is irrelevant. Nothing in Broadrick or Letter Carriers depends on the fact that those statutes contained many rules on top of the prohibition against running for public office. So much is clear from Clements, where the prohibition stood alone. The Court treated the absence of other restraints on political activity as an extra reason to find the resign-to-run rule consistent with the Constitution. 457 U.S. at 972, 102 S.Ct. at 2848. There remains a possibility that this case is special because Mahan's rule gives the sheriff discretion. According to the majority, "it would be rather a stretch of the Hatch Act cases to interpret them as authorizing a public official selectively to apply a 'resign to run' provision to his political enemies". Why so? Anyone running for his seat is an incumbent's "enemy," and Mahan no doubt would have suspended a Republican who sought his job. Treating in a political fashion those who stand for political office is not problematic. Selectivity means that the sheriff might let a deputy run for some other office--say, recorder of deeds or dog catcher. An incumbent planning to retire might even let a deputy run for sheriff. A rule providing that employees of Agency X may run for a job outside the agency, or within it if the incumbent is leaving, increases rather than reduces freedom of speech. The (lawful) alternative, recall, is a blanket prohibition on political activity. To say that the rule is less restrictive than it might be is to make it easier, not harder, to sustain. There is of course the possibility that a sheriff "might invoke the regulation only against a deputy of whose views he disapproved" (opinion at 216). So, too, an absolute resign-to-run rule could be enforced sporadically, with higher-ups looking the other way when employees whose positions they approve run for office. The possibility of viewpoint discrimination (proper only when the employee holds a policymaking or confidential job) does not undermine the enforcement of a rule against someone who cannot plausibly make such a claim. Wilbur may not invoke the rights of third parties--especially not hypothetical third parties. Although the first amendment's overbreadth doctrine sometimes permits contentions that are deceptively similar to third-party standing, see Henry P. Monaghan, Overbreadth, 1981 Sup.Ct.Rev. 1, the Court's conclusion that the first amendment tolerates sweeping resign-to-run rules removes any basis for entertaining a "what-if ...?" approach to Sheriff Mahan's regulation. In addition to doubting a government's ability to keep civil servants out of politics, the majority doubts a politician's ability to require his subordinates to promote his agenda. Although the majority (correctly) disparages the plaintiff's effort to subject all political discharges to an "open ended inquiry", it includes a discussion that will have a similar effect, implying that a political official may not condition the employment of even a confidential or policymaking official on adherence to debatable positions unrelated to the job. It is hard for judges to tell what is related to the job in politics; the people are free to vote for reasons we may think beside the point. They may elect a sheriff because of his position on hunting, even though judges can't see why. And it is easy for discharged (or suspended) employees to say that the particular grounds of the adverse action were not job-related, embroiling public officials in litigation that the judicial branch will handle with a high error rate. The majority's own hypothetical illustrates these points nicely. How to treat animals is a much-debated question in politics, and sheriffs may have good reasons for wanting deputies to be political ciphers. They may be called on to evict animal-rights protesters surrounding a clinic, and a sheriff would not be comfortable putting an animal-rights activist in charge. Consider some parallels. Suppose President Clinton decides that because his Administration supports higher taxes, funding for abortions, and other hotly debated positions, all of his personal appointees must support these positions in public. (That is a standard instruction to political subordinates.) An assistant deputy undersecretary in the Department of Energy, whose job has no conceivable relation to abortion or taxes, gives a speech recommending a flat tax or the extension of the Hyde Amendment and is sacked. Must the President appear on the stand in some district court to prove to a jury's satisfaction that a show of agreement within the executive branch of government is important? Suppose the President instructs all of his top appointees to keep their mouths shut about any issue within the portfolio of some other department--so that only employees of the FDA and few other agencies may discuss experimentation on animals? Presidents, governors, and other chief executives believe that their subordinates work for "the Administration" rather than a particular subunit, and they insist that everyone pitch in for "the Administration's" program; members of Congress take the same view about their staffs. I assume that any political appointee at the Department of State who puts forward his own health care proposal will discover that his "resignation" has been accepted. Having scorned plaintiff's invitation to hold an inquest into the discharge of a Secretary of HHS, we should not invite equally open-ended litigation about the extent to which holders of high office may consider their subordinates' statements about the whaling policies of friendly governments, homosexuals in the military, and other political issues of the day.
Speaking at a Westminster eForum on Web 2.0 this week in London, Jim Cicconi, vice president of legislative affairs for AT&T, warned that the current systems that constitute the Internet will not be able to cope with the "The surge in online content is at the center of the most dramatic changes affecting the Internet today," he said. "In three years' time, 20 typical households will generate more traffic than the entire Internet today." Cicconi, who was speaking at the event as part of a wider series of meetings with U.K. government officials, said that at least $55 billion worth of investment was needed in new infrastructure in the next three years in the U.S. alone, with the figure rising to $130 billion to improve the network worldwide. "We are going to be butting up against the physical capacity of the Internet by 2010," he said. He claimed that the "unprecedented new wave of broadband traffic" would increase 50-fold by 2015 and that AT&T is investing $19 billion to maintain its network and upgrade its backbone network. Cicconi added that more demand for high-definition video will put an increasing strain on the Internet infrastructure. "Eight hours of video is loaded onto YouTube every minute. Everything will become HD very soon, and HD is 7 to 10 times more bandwidth-hungry than typical video today. Video will be 80 percent of all traffic by 2010, up from 30 percent today," he said. The AT&T executive pointed out that the Internet exists, thanks to the infrastructure provided by a group of mostly private companies. "There is nothing magic or ethereal about the Internet--it is no more ethereal than the highway system. It is not created by an act of God, but upgraded and maintained by private investors," he said. Although Cicconi's speech did not explicitly refer to the term "Net neutrality," some audience members tackled him on the issue in a question-and-answer session, asking whether the subtext of his speech was really around "I think people agree why the Internet is successful. My personal view is that government has widely chosen to...keep a light touch and let innovators develop it," he said. "The reason I resist using the term 'Net neutrality' is that I don't think government intervention is the right way to do this kind of thing. I don't think government can anticipate these kinds of technical problems. Right now, I think Net neutrality is a solution in search of a problem." Net neutrality refers to an ongoing campaign calling for governments to legislate to prevent Internet service providers from charging content providers for prioritization of their traffic. The debate is more heated in the United States than in the United Kingdom because there is less competition between ISPs in the States. Content creators argue that Net neutrality should be legislated in order to protect consumers and keep all Internet traffic equal. Network operators and service providers argue that the Internet is already unequal, and certain types of traffic--VoIP, for example--require prioritization by default. "However well-intentioned, regulatory restraints can inefficiently skew investment, delay innovation, and diminish consumer welfare, and there is reason to believe that the kinds of broad marketplace restrictions proposed in the name of 'neutrality' would do just that, with respect to the Internet," the U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement last year. In a recent posting on his BBC blog, Ashley Highfield, the corporation's director of future media and technology, defended the iPlayer: "I would not suggest that ISPs start to try and charge content providers. They are already charging their customers for broadband to receive any content they want." Andrew Donoghue of ZDNet UK reported from London.
BART transit workers are among the highest paid in the industry. They do not contribute to their pension. BART workers pay approximately 5% of their annual healthcare premium, or just $92 a month no matter how many dependents they have. State workers contribute 20%. BART General Manager Grace Crunican said the transit agency has moved $180 million from its initial offer to the unions last April 1. That offer stands and there's no money to add more, she insists. She and her management team recognize that the days of bailouts from state and federal sources are over; the unions should recognize this, too. The Bay Area Rapid Transit system is now 40 years old. It moves about 400,000 people daily through 26 cities, including to and from Pleasanton. BART's "final" offer to its union employees of a 10% wage increase is too high to start with and certainly much more than the riders they serve can expect in the same four-year period ahead. The proposed benefit package also is overly generous, topping not only those working in the private sector but also those employed by state, regional, county and local governments, including Pleasanton's, who have agreed to pay more of their benefit costs. BART management says it's reached the end of the road in negotiations. The unions must come to terms with what their employer and riders can afford and offer. If not, with the cooling off period ending Oct. 11, it may be time to start making plans to carpool, change the hours you're needed at your jobs across the Bay or make arrangements to work at home. Let's hope that in three weeks, there's a settlement in place. This story contains 476 words. If you are a paid subscriber, check to make sure you have logged in. Otherwise our system cannot recognize you as having full free access to our site. If you are a paid print subscriber and haven't yet set up an online account, click here to get your online account activated.
The annual Seattle Interactive Conference is a two-day event celebrating the convergence of online technology, creativity, and emerging trends in one of the world's most innovative cities. SIC brings together entrepreneurs, developers and online business professionals from throughout the US and beyond for a powerful combination of in-depth presentations, networking opportunities, and uniquely Seattle social events. Attendees have the rare opportunity to explore disruptive technologies and business models with visionary thinkers and peers in areas ranging from online commerce and social media to gaming, interactive advertising, entertainment, and much more. Seattle Interactive Team Founder, Director (@rauschenbach) Born as an army brat in the heart of the Steel City of Youngstown, OH, raised in Germany and California. Brian is President at Add3 digital marketing agency, serial entrepreneur, proud dad to two girls, Arsenal FC soccer supporter, and an old school hip-hop DJ who has been an active internet industry leader for 19+ years. He was nominated as one of "The Most Influential People of 2005" by Seattle Magazine's. He's a lefty, prefers Hornitos tequila, air-cooled vintage VWs and has a record collection of 7,000+ pieces. Los Angeles born Rock & Roller turned Seattleite; Gloria Connors has over 25 years of experience in the music business and entrepreneurship. She is a self-made woman, engineer, art collector and a proud mom. Gloria is an expert producer of controlled chaos, on stage and off. Founder of Connors & Co., Gloria toured with various artists until she got tired of being the only woman on the bus. Now, she can be found carving her way down the mountain with her Connors & Co. team debating Yacht Rock vs. Real Rock. She’s a trailblazer & music lover at heart that is still in love with a loud guitar - even if she can’t hear it. Co-Founder, Programming/Sponsorship (@mabes1) 15 year Microsoft veteran, primarily in roles for the Microsoft Advertising and Trade Marketing teams; Spokane native, Ballard local; Board member of the Northwest Internet Advertising Group (NWIAG). Spends time raising money for local fundraising organizations such as The Team Jesse Foundation and The Inbetweener; Enjoys traveling to faraway places, neighborhood art walks, road trips, and polar bear plunges. Art Director (@michiko23) Native to the Seattle startup and art scenes, Zach is passionate about connecting business, technology and design as the CEO of social media agency, Crown Social. Prior to founding Crown in 2011, Zach was a digital strategist at Wunderman, client-side head of marketing, and serial entrepreneur, founding and co-founding startups in the music, marketing and finance verticals. To date, Zach is most proud of his ability to rap in several languages and his impressive collection of fanny packs. Montana native and Syracuse University alum/apologist; Two decades of PR leadership experience for public and privately held technology, commercial, and nonprofit ventures in US and abroad; History buff and outdoorsman who lived in West Berlin at height of Cold War and counts Queen Anne Hill, Mt. Baker Ski Area, Mt. Everest Base Camp and his couch among favorite places; Co-founder of LardButt.com, dedicated to below-average athletes and weekend warriors. Seattle Interactive Advisory Board We are very pleased to introduce SIC’s 2016 Advisory Board: This group brings a comprehensive base of thought-leadership perspectives from the converging areas of major technology corporations, digital and social media organizations, academia, entertainment, and more. We are excited to be working together to help make SIC a compelling and valuable event for everyone involved! Barrie Cohen, Advisor, Everyhome Benjamin Winters, Principal, WINTR Brian Marr, Director of Strategy, Smashing Ideas Chris Carter, Strategy Director, Y&R Group Seattle Dan Sundgren, Senior Director, Merkle Daniella Kim, Principal, HalibutFlats Research and Development, UW David Harris, Startup Advocate, City of Seattle Donte Parks, Vice President, Culture, Substantial Dave Curry, Executive Director of Interactive, POP Eddie Reheldt, Director, Global Campaigns, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Eric Duerr, CMO, Rocket Fuel, Founder Emphatic Gabriel Jones, Senior Producer Gareth Jones, Managing Director, POSSIBLE Jeffrey Chavez, Content Identity Consultant, Tether John SanGiovanni, Co-Founder, Vice President, Product Design, Zumobi Kelly Clay, Columnist, Forbes Kyla Fairchild, Publisher, No Depression Lissa Capps, Senior Vice President, Edelman Matt Ashworth, Leader of Seattle's Technology Public Relations Practice, Porter Novelli Melissa Barden, Tech & Telco Mobile Account Director, AOL Mike Reeder, Director, Global Coffee & Strategic Partnerships, Starbucks Michelle Maggs, Executive Vice President, GM, Weber Shandwick Michelle McRae, CEO, Northbound Brand Matthew Wood, Digital Media Business Development Director, Adsiduous Scilla Andreen, CEO & Co-Founder, IndieFlix Scott Macklin, Associate Director, UW Digital Media Surya Vanka, Founder, Authentic Design Tim Schmuckal, Legal & Operations Executive
Dearth of MLS Players at Euro 2012 a question of PR, not talent Only one player will be leaving his MLS club for the month-long sojourn in Poland and the Ukraine: Republic of Ireland captain Robbie Keane. Though struggling, LA Galaxy will lose its most consistent performer at the worst possible moment, Keane’s play this season proves he deserves to be there. He’s been a threat to score every match, and would have more than three goals in nine games if he had better service. Keane has earned rave reviews for his locker room presence and has been called for just one foul this season, which will be a refreshing example for a team historically known for discipline problems. While Keane is the only MLS player landing at Chopin Airport in Warsaw, he should not have been the only one. Since I have a lot more free time on my hands than my Europe-based Total Football colleagues, I asked myself this question: why aren’t more of the MLS European stars at Euro 2012? The scale of the problem Part of the problem is scale. According to data on the MLS website, only 6.3% of the league’s 542 players are from one of the 16 countries who will be competing in Euro 2012. Only four nations - England, France, Germany, and Italy - have more than two eligible players in MLS, and given the domestic-based talent those countries already have at their disposal, it is hard to justify the expense of sending a scout to cover all 19 MLS markets to evaluate so few players. The lack of exposure MLS has in Europe plays an integral role as well. Even for the few players that get the opportunity to be in one of them, MLS’ highest-profile events (e.g. MLS Cup, All-Star game) do not command nearly enough attention in Europe compared to domestic league or cup football. So a breakout season won’t garner enough attention from talent evaluators. What little exposure MLS does receive is generally unfairly negative. The press coverage of Keane’s move to MLS last August was a reminder of how MLS can be perceived in Europe. The former Spurs star’s career was thought to be over, with Keane essentially in Los Angeles to cash in on one last major paycheque; his return to Republic of Ireland for Euro 2012 has been primarily attributed to his successful loan spell with Aston Villa earlier this year, not his MLS form. That this is still the perception of MLS is shocking. Total Football ranked MLS the sixth-best league in the world primarily because of the league’s top-to-bottom quality of play. There are no easy fixtures in MLS, so MLS stars cannot pad their offensive output on small fry. Here’s a stark case in point: in La Liga this season, the differential between first place Real Madrid and last place Racing Santander was a whopping 73 points; in MLS last season, the same differential was just 39 points - equal to the differential between first and third in La Liga. This means that, say, Cristiano Ronaldo faces far worse competition relative to his own squad than Keane does. The combination of league parity plus the lack of a “super club” in MLS means that Keane has to work a lot harder for his goals than Ronaldo. By failing to be appreciated for this, MLS gets quickly stuck in an unfairly vicious cycle in Europe: the lack of exposure and negative attention grossly underestimates the talent level in MLS, leading international hopefuls to choose to ply their trade elsewhere, dis-incentivizing European national teams from sending scouts to evaluate MLS players, further suppressing MLS’ exposure in Europe - and so on, and so on. There is no better example of this than Ryan Meara, the New York Red Bulls goalkeeper who should have been invited to join Keane at Gannon Park. Meara has been brilliant this season, helping NYRB to an impressive 8-3-2 record despite injuries to a handful of regulars including most of his back four. Though Meara isn’t ready to unseat 37-year-old starter Shay Given yet at just 21 years old, Meara has the potential to be the world-class net minder the Republic have craved since Packie Bonner retired in 1996. But why wouldn’t manager Giovanni Trapattoni bring Meara along as a reserve? Even if he didn’t see action, Meara would benefit greatly from the experience of a major international competition he’ll likely be playing in four year from now. Should the injury-prone Given need to be replaced, Meara is already a far better option than either of Trapattoni’s reserves: Sunderland third-string Keiren Westwood and 32-year-old Millwall keeper David Forde, whose only first division experience was in stints in the League of Ireland six years ago. There are other MLS players who deserved consideration for Euro 2012 as well. New York's Thierry Henry has been in fine form this season, who was leading all of MLS in scoring with nine goals in nine matches until suffering a hamstring injury, from which he has yet to recover; otherwise, the former Arsenal star would likely have added to his 123 career caps for France. Danish goalkeeper Jimmy Nielsen had a fine start to the MLS campaign backstopping Sporting Kansas City to a 7-0 start; SKC’s current poor run of form stems from inconsistent defending, with Nielsen more often than not having to make ferocious saves to preserve points. He’s a better reserve option than 30-year-old Evian keeper Stephan Andersen. Then there is the curious case of David Beckham. At the end of last year, then-England manager Fabio Capello announced that Beckham would not be involved in Euro 2012. It was unfair of Capello to make such a statement nearly a year before the tournament. Now it’s too late for new manager Roy Hodgson to recall him. Poor starts have doomed a few MLS players who might have been on the bubble for their Euro 2012 teams. With Henry out due to injury, France might have looked to Vancouver striker Sebastian Le Toux to aid a line-up thin on attack. But after a fractured locker room decimated France at World Cup 2010, the last thing that manager Laurent Blanc wanted was another inconsistent forward with a hot temper - traits that Le Toux has demonstrated far too much of in both of the 2011 and 2012 seasons. Toronto striker Danny Koevermans had an uphill task to make a Holland squad deep on attack, but did not do himself any favours with his poor play this season, helping Toronto to the worst start in MLS history at 0-9-0. Still, the dearth of MLS players heading to Euro 2012 indicates that while MLS has made significant strides over the past few years, there is still more work to be done by MLS in Europe - especially in the PR department. By Sreesha Vaman - Follow me on Twitter @sreeshavaman
The Road Ahead for Wal-Mart It's been a long time since I visited Arkansas. Growing up in Louisiana we would wander up there from time to time, but it's been quite a while since I spent any quality time in "The Natural State." As my plane touched down at Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport, I looked forward to slipping into a car and driving the backroads to Bentonville, where I was to meet the next day with Wal-Mart CIO Linda Dillman. At this time of year the Arkansas countryside is lush and green, and driving at sunset – with the windows down, of course -- is a real treat. Not to mention, when was the last time anybody can remember staying at a good hotel (with free Internet) for $60 a night? I was excited to meet the leaders of the Wal-Mart IT team. In December 2004, this team earned InformationWeek's IT Team of the Year award. Linda believes that senior executives need to become personally involved in recruiting and retaining more women and under-represented minorities in the IT workforce, and she had gathered her IT management team together for a several-hour discussion about NCWIT and the issues we're addressing. As part of our conversation, we talked about the need to reach out to rural communities and schools, as well as to understand the barriers to job re-entry that women face in IT. These are both areas that NCWIT needs to address, and the conversation was thought-provoking and timely. Wal-Mart has agreed to join the NCWIT Workforce Alliance and I was thrilled when Linda agreed to be on our Executive Advisory Council. Wal-Mart's headquarters is well-known for having one of the most advanced data centers in the country, and my technical side yearned for a tour of their facilities. Nancy Stewart, VP of their Information Systems Division, offered to show me around. Together we visited several of Wal-Mart's different IT sites, spread all across Bentonville and the surrounding countryside. At one point we were standing in a 22,000-square-foot data center with more processing power than you can imagine, terra-grid computing, at least quadruple fail-over, enough power backup options for a whole city, and 24/7 monitoring for the slightest hiccup in their international operations … what can I say? The road ahead for Wal-Mart, which has spearheaded the drive to use RFIDs in retail, will necessitate another quantum leap in their technical infrastructure as the radio tags are used to track inventory and the movement of goods on a global scale. Wal-Mart's is one of the largest technical infrastructures in the corporate world, and it's mind-numbing to even consider all of the transactions occurring every second in what must be a "never fail" environment. And the frosting on the cake? Their CIO is a woman! (I just had to say that.) Lucy Sanders is Co-founder and CEO of the National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT.)
Steve Kolbe is joined by Kevin Thomas & Andy Snakovsky to bring you the latest on the NHL Playoffs. How other way should the NHL season have ended then the way it did last night. The Chicago Blackhawks trailed 2-1 in the final two minutes and looked to be headed towards a Game 7. In a 17 second span Bryan Bickell and Dave Bolland scored and a 2-1 deficit turned into a 3-2 win and a Stanley Cup for Chicago. Patrick Kane did not score in the game but was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy. Boston at one point had a 2-1 lead in the series but then lost 3 in a row to lose the Stanley Cup Final. Tuukka Rask had another gutsy performance despite being on the losing end yet again, stopping 28 of Chicago’s 31 shots. For the Blackhawks it was their 5TH Stanley Cup championship and second in the last 4 years. CHECK OUT OUR STANLEY CUP GALLERY FOR MORE ON THE BLACKHAWKS’ WIN Follow the Guys on Twitter: Steve Kolbe — @SteveKolbeVoice Kevin Thomas — @Kevown8999 Andy Snakovsky — @andysnakovsky
March 10 is Chuck Norris’ Birthday! Chuck Norris was born Carlos Ray Norris on March 10, 1940 in Ryan, Oklahoma to Wilma and Ray Norris. The only person who cried was the doctor. No one slaps Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris joined the Air Force in 1958 and was stationed in South Korea at Osan Air Base. This is where he began his martial arts training, specifically Tang Soo Do. When he left the Air Force, he became a karate teacher and opened upwards of 30 karate studios. Chuck Norris invented the martial art of Chun Kuk Do, which expands upon Tang Soo Do and draws elements from other fighting styles. In 1969, Norris began making film appearances, specializing in karate fight sequences, and then made his transition to television. He is most known for his time spent as the lead actor in Walker, Texas Ranger, which lasted eight years. In 1997, Chuck Norris became the first man in the Western Hemisphere to become an 8-Degree Black Belt Grand Master. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks are the second leading cause of death worldwide, after heart attacks; most of which were caused by fear of a roundhouse kick. Currently, Chuck Norris is an avid supported of multiple charities including: the Make-a-Wish Foundation, United Way, the U.S. Veteran’s Administration, and Kickstart, which teaches martial arts to middle school students.
Uni Watch NBA preview OK, so the rim update is actually pretty subtle, but that should give you an idea of how comprehensive Uni Watch is being with this year's NBA season-preview column. New uniforms, new compression undergarments, new warm-up gear, new throwbacks, new court designs, the new rim -- it's all covered here. So let's get to it. With the regular season due to tip off on Tuesday evening, here's what you can expect to see on the court: • Unfortunate downgrade for the Bobcats, who have a new pinstriped uni set (here's the rear view). When will the NBA learn that pinstripes don't make sense on players who are already 37 feet tall? Even worse, Charlotte's NASCAR alternates now feature checkerboards and pinstripes, which is really pushing it. Meanwhile, the road uni is now blue instead of orange -- probably an improvement when viewed in a vacuum, but does the league really need another team wearing blue on the road? • The Cavs have an anniversary patch, plus they'll periodically be wearing a late-'80s throwback, which will make its on-court debut on Dec. 2. In addition, they're featuring another "Cav Fanatic" mix-and-match throwback, just like last season. This time around it's the late-'80s design in 1970s colors -- weird but kinda cool -- which is slated to be worn on Jan. 10 and 21. • If you can get all worked up one way or the other over the Grizzlies' new alternates, then you're way ahead of Uni Watch. And really, enough already with the shimmer fabric. On-court debut: Oct. 28. • The trend toward abbreviations and nicknames continues, as the Hawks are adding an "ATL" road alternate uni, which will make its game debut on Nov. 26. Unfortunately, they can add all the alternates they want, but nothing can hide the fact that this uni set is utterly characterless. • The Heat have made three small changes to their shorts, so pay attention. First, the old format of having the NBA logo on the left leg and the team logo on the right leg has been reversed (that's so the shorts match up with the jersey, where the NBA logo appears on the right-chest area). Second, the team logo on the red alternate shorts has been changed from the flaming ball to the flaming "MH." And third, team logos have been added to the waistband on all three shorts designs. • Remember back around 1981, when the Jazz wore green road uniforms? Right, neither does anyone else, but you'll get a memory jog when when the team breaks out these awesome green throwbacks on Dec. 4. • Fabric change for the Knicks, who are changing from an open-hole mesh to a flat-back mesh, although you won't be able to tell unless you have a courtside seat. Who makes that kind of decision anyway? "In this case it was the equipment manager," says NBA apparel director Christopher Arena. "He felt the color wasn't holding up well enough in the laundry with the open-hole mesh." • As per recent custom, the defending champions -- in this case, the Lakers -- will wear a special patch for their home opener, when their championship banner will be raised. They'll also have commemorative warm-up outfits and other gear for that game, which will be on Oct. 27. • Mid-'90s pinstriped throwback set for the Magic. Yes, we've all seen that throwback before, but there's no denying that it looks better than their current road uni. On-court debut: Dec. 2. • The Mavericks have a new blue alternate uni. It's basically the same as the team's P. Diddy alternate, but with a different color scheme, plus the uni numbers are now in the team's standard number font. Here's the rear view, and there's a video of the unveiling here. On-court debut: Oct. 30. • Last year the Nuggets wore green jerseys as an environmental-awareness thing. That initiative has been retired for this season, although a broader uni-based environmental program may be put in place for 2010-11. • Two uniform memorials for the Pistons: They're wearing a jersey patch for Hall of Fame coach Chuck Daly, and they've added "Mr. D" to their rear collar for Hall of Fame owner Bill Davidson. The Daly patch is just for this season, but the Davidson memorial is a permanent addition to the uniform -- the first permanent memorial in NBA uni history. • Clever move by the Raptors, who are honoring Toronto's hoops heritage with 1946-47 Toronto Huskies throwbacks (for more on the Huskies, look here and here). Yes, the design is pretty plain, but hey, a Toronto throwback could've been much worse. Now let's hope they make use of the Huskies' old logo, too. On-court debut: Dec. 8. • Good news in Philly, where the Sixers have switched to a really nice retro-ish uni set. They've also resurrected their old ball-shaped logo, which will appear on the new shorts. Meanwhile, the team's alternate road uni has been mothballed. Further details here and here. • Uni Watch knows this is hard to believe, but there was once a time when the numbers and letters on the Timberwolves' jerseys were actually legible. And they're proving it by adding this throwback design, which will make its on-court debut on Dec. 5. • Has an announcer's signature phrase ever been the basis of a uni design before? That's the situation in Portland, where the Trail Blazers have introduced a "Rip City" alternate design that looks pretty sweet. (Don't know what "Rip City" means? Look here, and then check out the jersey's special tagging.) The plan is for the team to wear it only a couple of times -- once on Nov. 6 and again much later in the season -- but Uni Watch has a feeling we may see more of this one due to popular demand. Also: The Blazers will have a 1975 throwback in this season's rotation. On-court debut for that one is scheduled for Dec. 5. • The Warriors have a great uni history that presents all sorts of intriguing throwback possibilities, but here's one you probably didn't see coming. Simple but cool, and dig the little arrow on the shorts logo patch! On-court debut: Dec. 3. (Looking ahead, a small item buried within this interview with team president Robert Rowell and GM Larry Riley indicates that the team will get a design makeover next season. Uni Watch has seen the preliminary mock-ups and can say with a fair degree of certainty that you will not be disappointed.) • You won't have the Wizards' two-tone alternate uni to kick around anymore -- they've scrapped it. • The Knicks aren't on the St. Paddy's list this year, because they don't have a game scheduled for March 17. But they're playing at home against the Heat on Christmas Day, so they'll wear their green set and Miami will wear their red alternates, creating a Yuletide tableaux on the court. And for the second consecutive year, all teams playing on Christmas will wear snowflake patches. • Next March, the league once again will be running its Noche Latina promotion, which will feature seven teams wearing "El" and "Los" jerseys. • Heritage Week will be Feb. 21-28, 2010. Expect to see lots of number retirements and anniversary celebrations during this period, and five teams -- the Celtics, Knicks, Lakers, Pistons and Rockets -- will be wearing special warm-up gear celebrating their championships. Mock-ups of all five designs are shown here. • The replacement refs who worked the preseason wore the same officiating uniforms from last year. But now that the lockout has been settled, the refs will get new black-trimmed jerseys (they may look a bit goofy from the back, at least judging by this video game shot) and black slacks (the old ones were navy but were so dark that they basically looked black anyway, so the change is mostly moot). • Personally, Uni Watch can't work up much enthusiasm over shooting shirts, but the league is very excited about these. Each team will unveil them around Christmastime, after which they'll be worn at least for weekend home games, and maybe more often than that. They'll all be white with team-color trim. OK, so we all know what this is about, so let's just roll our eyes all at once and move on. • Many players will be wearing a new line of adidas compression tanks, shorts and calf sleeves. Adidas has an exclusive on the tanks and shorts -- players can wear other brands of calf or arm sleeves, but only the adidas gear can carry a manufacturer's logo or show the underlying "ribbing" technology. • Plus, adidas is getting into padded compression layers for the first time. Players have been wearing this type of gear under their uniforms for years, but this is adidas' first foray into this product category. • What's that tape strip on Kevin Garnett's leg and J.R. Giddens' knee? It's called kinesio tape, and the Celtics are apparently in love with it. So expect to see more of it in Boston, and don't be surprised to see it spreading throughout the league. • You may have noticed some players wearing undersleeves during the Sun-Warriors preseason game on Oct. 10. That's because the game was played outdoors, so the players had special permission from the league to wear sleeves. Could this eventually lead to sleeves being allowed for regular-season games? Something to keep an eye on. • Are you one of those people who like to keep track of court designs? You can see all 30 of this season's floor layouts here. • And just to bring things full circle, here's something else about that new rim: The new version has breakaway functionality on the sides, instead of just on the front. Watch for it on dunks coming from the sides of the basket. That should be enough to keep you busy for now. And there are some additional uni details still coming this season, including one absolute bombshell, but Uni Watch isn't at liberty to discuss any of that yet. Stay tuned. Mark Your Calendars The next Uni Watch party -- a chance to buy your favorite uniform columnist a few drinks mingle with fellow uniform enthusiasts and show off your favorite jersey -- will take place on Sunday, Nov. 15, 2 p.m., at Sheep Station in Brooklyn. Lots of you New York-area readers will be there, right? Right. Paul Lukas will break down all of this season's college basketball uniform changes early next month. If you liked this column, you'll probably like his Uni Watch Blog and Uni Watch Glossary too. Want to learn about his Uni Watch membership program, be added to his mailing list so you'll always know when a new column has been posted, or just ask him a question? Contact him here.
« previous entry | next entry » Jul. 26th, 2010 | 09:25 pm posted by: beth_shulman in sounis So: What is Children's lit, exactly? And what is YA lit? And where do these books belong? Surprisingly (or maybe not), the specifications of both are very contentious. Let's start with literature for children. According to Encyclopedia Britannica here: Children's literature is a "body of written works produced to entertain or instruct young people". That's very neutral. No age range, no specification as to what exactly "entertainment" and "instruction" are. Here are the criteria for the Newbery Medal, which is awarded by the American Library Association every year to "the author of the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children". They define "contribution to American literature for children" as: This appears to indicate that children have less understandings, abilities, and appreciations than adults. Is this true? Parent or guardians or teachers who choose to restrict children's reading choices to shield them from dangerous and frightening things are practicing an exercise in futility. Children know that dangerous and frightening situations and people exist. Children learn history. Children live through history. The occurrence of 9-11 (or any horrors that happen often) wasn't something that could be dismissed to protect the children. Children can appreciate books with darker themes. They may not recognize the full extent of the darkness, but they perceive the tone and feel of the book. They can read books like The Giver and A Wrinkle in Time, both Newbery winners, and know that there are bad situations and people, and learn to emphasize, and they will not be scarred for life. (Then again, The Giver and A Wrinkle in Time are books that adults can and do read as well.) Here is a quote from Lois Lowry's Newbery acceptance speech for The Giver: And all of you, as well. Let me say something to those of you here who do such dangerous work. The man that I named The Giver passed along to the boy knowledge, history, memories, color, pain, laughter, love, and truth. Every time you place a book in the hands of a child, you do the same thing. It is very risky. But each time a child opens a book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere. It gives him choices. It gives him freedom. Those are magnificent, wonderfully unsafe things. Here is part of children's librarian Elizabeth Bird's review of The King of Attolia: Children usually don't have the emotional maturity to understand love, either. I would say that there is no possibility of a child understanding Gen and Irene's relationship. That's not to say that children should be condescended to. It just means that adult authors can't write about adult experiences for children, because children are not ready to understand them. Here's a quote from Madeleine L'Engle, just to put things into perspective: "You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children." Here's an article from the Washington University in St. Louis website quoting Gerald Early: We understand the customs and practices of the genre so well that we can usually spot a children's book without having to be told... But a children's book, as with virtually all of our thinking about children, has reality only in relation to how we see something that is not for children. If something is for children, it does not have sex, it does not have graphic violence, it does not have obscene language. And, interestingly, he continues: That's an extremely vague explanation. How does a publisher or YALSA determine what books should be published for 12-18 year olds? Here's a post from Cheryl Klein, an editor at a division of Scholastic, who blogs at Brooklyn Arden: - A YA novel is centrally interested in the experience and growth of - its teenage protagonist(s), - whose dramatized choices, actions, and concerns drive the - and it is narrated with relative immediacy to that teenage perspective. This is often where I find adult books separating themselves out here, because while they may have a younger protagonist, the adult books aren't interested in that protagonist's life per se -- they're interested in showing the world the protagonist will encounter in all its ugliness or glory, and a younger character often provides a useful "innocent" or "naive" viewpoint, or at the very least a figure of instant sympathy to adults. "growth" -- the character is different at the beginning than he is at the end, and usually for the better. I always think of Richard Peck's wise dictum that a YA novel ends "ends not with happily ever after, but at a new beginning, with the sense of a lot of life yet to be lived"; and that the events of the book have left the character better prepared for that. 2) "teenage protagonist(s)": Yeah, I'm going to posit that YA novels require a protagonist at an adolescent stage of life, between childhood and the full rights and privileges of adulthood. I do not think this is true of children's books, particularly picture books (that is, that they must have a child main character); but I think it's true of teen books, because life between the ages of 14-18 is such a unique time, full of so much intensity and so many firsts, that only a very sheltered adult or a very advanced child could have those same sorts of experiences and changes. Now, I think there's debate about exactly how old Gen is, but I also think that most, if not all, readers consider him an adult. He has the responsibilities of an adult: he has a job he feels obligated to fulfill, he loves a woman, he gets married, he runs a country. He may do it in an extremely original way, but there's no question but that he's an adult. Even if he's a teenager, which I don't think he is, he's beyond typical teenage adolescence. These YA criteria do not apply. More on YA from Patty Campell's 2004 article in the Horn Book magazine, quoted in author Gail Gauthier's blog here: Defining a genre in terms of its presumed audience is a problem. Especially when that audience is something as nebulous as “teenagers”. So, yes, YA is a publishing category and books are published there if that’s where a publisher thinks a book will sell best and attract the most attention. But it’s also a distinctive genre with its own flavour. She does not explain what she means when she says that YA is a distinctive genre. More from author Gayle Forman here: A YA novel will feature characters/narrator with a certain voice that sounds young, feels young, authentically so. From the blog Alien Onions here (who are in publishing in Australia): So YA fiction is often about a world in flux. It's about exploring this new world, or surviving it, or simply trying to navigate it without a compass. And it's the YA books that capture the authenticity of this see-saw between strength and vulnerability that resonate most with readers. So YA characters are often consumed by these questions: 'Who am I? What am I going to become? Where am I going and how can I possibly get there from here?' Their emotions and desires are intense and can have a huge impact on how they make decisions and which pathways they choose. Books for adults often have young protagonists, but this doesn't mean they are YA books.... A young protagonist in an adult novel is usually knowing and has an adult sensibility in their telling of the story. Here's what Orson Scott Card wrote about The King of Attolia: But then, there is no place in our society where personal politics is carried on with more ruthlessness and intensity than junior high school. No matter how much childish behavior you find in Congress or university faculties, image-building, character-assassination, and jockeying for position reach their peak among seventh and eighth graders. So this novel may be exactly right for that age group. It's also an adult book, however - an unusually entertaining and intelligent one - and I recommend it highly. Give the gross-out thrillers a break and pick up something that will actually exercise your brain and leave you feeling rather good about being human.I think what I said above about Gen is still true. He's not emotionally an adolescent, and Eddis and Attolia are definitely not. Think about how Ornon respects Gen, and the magus, and Sounis, and Attolia. He's an individual fully cognizant of his abilities and capable of making his own decisions and living with the consequences. He's an adult. So, in conclusion: The Queen of Attolia and The King of Attolia (I'm actually not sure if I can include A Conspiracy of Kings; Sophos seems to be a traditional YA protagonist) a) don't belong on the Children's shelf b) don't belong on the Young Adult shelf Where do they go, exactly? I still agree with the blogger who called it "a riveting political drama", and for all my Googling, I haven't found which blogger it was. So I can't credit it, though I think it's exactly right. They're in a genre of their own.
the normal ones go on sale on the 22nd Grid. As for the 2-3 minutes to fill in the forms, thats perfectly normal for Ticketmaster - they only ever let you have about that time to fill in the payment details etc, until they release the tickets back into the domain again - they do that for all gigs, shows, sporting events etc so it cant really be used as a gauge for how many people are trying to get tickets - the best gauge for that is how many minutes long the wait is for the system to come up with tickets after you put in your requirements. I checked the site a good few hours after they went on sale and there were still enough there for me to be able to get 6 tickets together if I wanted them, but I just cant afford to fork out £120 on a ticket sadly! Plus theres 6 of us this year - the usual 4 of us, plus my dad (he's a Pats fan - boo! But he has followed them since the 80s when he saw a game over there, so I'll let him off, he's not a glory hunter! He's not an avid fan, but when he heard they were playing, he was keen to come along) and I've somehow managed to persuade my girlfriend to come along too, seeing as she missed out on the game at Candlestick and Wembley last year! no need to say it, but I'll obviously be on ticketmaster the instant they go on sale (assuming I can get a code), and if I get any spare codes I'll see if anyone on here needs one
The 'Gossip Girl' star will make her Broadway debut on the production based on John Steinbeck's 1937 novella of the same title. Leighton Meester is set to make her Broadway debut in the revival of John Steinbeck's 1937 classic drama, "Of Mice and Men". The former "Gossip Girl" actress will star on the stage production this spring opposite James Franco and Chris O'Dowd. The story centers on an unlikely friendship between two migrant field workers in California during the Great Depression. O'Dowd plays the mentally-challenged Lennie who befriends Franco's George. Meester has been attached to the role of Curley's wife, the flirtatious and beauty-obsessed young lady who caught the eyes of Lennie. This would be O'Dowd and Franco's first stint on Broadway as well. Actors filling the role of Curley and other lead characters such as Candy, The Boss and Slim have not been announced. The production will be seen on Broadway for the first time since 1974. Directed by Tony Award winner Anna D. Shapiro, the revival will begin previews on March 19 at the Longacre Theater and open officially on April 16. Tickets will go on sale January 11 for limited engagement which ends July 27. Meester kicked off her career in regional theaters prior to television.
Storage: Can Data Center Managers Have It All? "Hey, Coleman," says Coleman's hot new girlfriend. "What about lunch? The lobster or the cracked crab?" Coleman turns to Billy Ray: "What do you think?" Billy Ray says: "Can't we have both? To which Coleman replies, with a smile: "Why not? Now that I have you thinking about equatorial paradise, I hate to have to tell you that this post is about networked storage formats. You see, for years the choice boiled down mainly to the block-level format found in most SANs or the file-level approach available in NAS architectures. Increasingly, though, new systems are eliminating the either/or choice here, leading to the same kind of penultimate question from data center execs: "Can't we have both?" Compellent is the latest to answer, "Why not?" with the new zNAS storage system that unifies file and block-level storage on a single platform. The system uses the ZFS file system developed by Sun Microsystems that features 128-bit performance that easily outstrips current 64-bit technology and goes a long way toward accommodating the increasingly mixed virtual environments that are taking shape at most data centers. The system also features the Fluid Data architecture, which allows admins to manipulate virtual pools of storage regardless of size and across various operating environments like UNIX, Linux or Windows and across SAN and NAS architectures -- all from a single user interface and all automatically. The system is powered by Intel Xeon quads, holds 48 GB of RAM and is available with optional 8 Gbps Fibre Channel connectivity. Unified block/file storage also is likely to play a major role in HP's Converged Infrastructure strategy. As The Register reports it, HP is looking to devise a unified storage unit consisting of LeftHand and Ibrix technology working jointly on one of its storage blades and under the control of the Command View management system. The magazine is quick to point out, though, that HP is still mum on the subject. Part of this is a reaction to the increasingly fluid nature of virtual and cloud environments. But new storage media is making its presence known as well. Nimbus Data Systems, for example, recently introduced a new Flash storage system that features unified iSCSI, NFS and CIFS support, providing for both block and file storage with an aim toward eliminating redundant SAN and NAS hardware in the data center. With consolidation hitting the rest of the data center at such a rapid clip, it's not hard to see why unifying SAN and NAS architectures is a worthy goal as well. Besides, if you can save enough money from your storage architecture, you just might wind up like Billy Ray and Coleman -- and not the guy in the gorilla suit.
What is Luvstep Dub Symphony? Well, it’s here to celebrate Luvstep created by Dirty South Joe and Flufftronix and my Popstep Dub Symphony series and a lot more in between. Essentially we all wanna be luv dubbed up! We have even created a Facebook group and so if you’re into these here vybz, join the group and contribute, discuss, dissect, converse or just observe! The best of all things Luvstep/Lovestep/Popstep/Voxstep/ Some amazing new stuff from the Luvstep boyz! Tracklist:1) Starkey – Paradise 2) Ellie Goulding – Your Song (Blackmill Remix) 3) Kito & Reija Lee – Sweet Talk 4) Band of Horses – The Funeral (Butch Clancy Remix) 5) The Weeknd – High For This (Flufftronix Remix) 6) The-Dream – Take Care Of Me (Figure Remix) 7) Nero – Guilt 8) Derek Allen – Spirits In The Material World 9) Dillon Francis – Beautician 10) Flufftronix – Interstellar 11) Katy Perry – Firework (Norihito Ogawa Remix) Free Download!uptempo luvstep with a little MJ on top. Enjoy! Dude remixes these 2 fine ladies! DF is a very versatile producer as this track demonstrates! This one is probably my longest and most time and nerve consuming project and the result also happens to be my longest track. A lot of heart and soul went into this one and I also have to thank users Otso and Sylvatir for their help and tips on the project. Free download, please enjoy Figure doesn’t just make heavy drumstep and dubstep shiit, he is also a sensitive soul as this beauty demonstrates! My favourite boys from Lithuania! Free Download: http://www.mediafire.com/?ir4j99vb1d6j17f The original version of this track has to be one of the most annoying tracks of recent times but this dude manages to make me really like this version and that’s quite an achievement! CAPT & COOKED Wowza, what a track! Fireflies (Capt and Cooked Luvstep Version) – Owl City by Capt and Cooked An oldie that makes a return once again! Some of my own recent contributions! About 17 downloads left on this before it gets the maxxed out 1000!
iHerb Customer Reviews Savings of: $0.91 (15% off) Sorry, this product is no longer in stock. Best tasting and no reaction Posted by Reviewer2989859 on Feb 18, 2013 I am somewhat gluten intolerant, and this doesn't bother me at all. Not too sweet, delicious walnut pieces. The cranberry pieces are a little too chewy and I would ask them to cut them up. The granola has a lot of cranberries in it. Never stale tasting. My favorite. Posted by Reviewer1128084 on Oct 28, 2013 This is the tastiest granola i've tried so far. Alot of walnut and cranberry makes it super tasty. Very addictive too. Posted by 5535338423176274373 on Jun 01, 2015 This product didn't go wrong - I like the taste of honey on the oats. Bought this twice! Items 1-3 of 3 total
Stranger music editor, reviewer resign Ad coordinator secretly covered the music scene Published 10:00 pm, Monday, October 16, 2006 The Stranger, one of Seattle's two alternative weekly newspapers, accepted the resignation of two employees late last week after it was discovered that an advertising coordinator had been secretly writing for the paper under a pseudonym -- something editors and managers called a conflict of interest. The paper's club advertising coordinator, Bailee Martin, resigned Friday after her managers confronted her about writing music reviews for the print edition of the paper and for Line Out, a music blog on The Stranger's Web site. She wrote under the name "Keenan Bowen." Music editor Dave Segal, who allowed Martin to write editorial content, also resigned after meeting with his supervisors Friday. Dan Savage, editor of The Stranger, described Martin's dual role as inappropriate, and said he wasn't sure what led Segal to decide it was an acceptable arrangement. "I can't crawl inside his brain and I don't want to speculate," Savage said Monday. "I can say it was a lapse in editorial judgment, and a serious one." The Stranger has a reputation for printing opinionated "advocacy journalism," said Savage, but he draws the line when an employee appears to have something to gain by having opinions published. Mixing advertising interests with editorial content crosses the line, Savage said. While Martin did work with music-related advertising, editors at The Stranger contend she did not write about any of her clients. "It seems there was some kind of conscious effort to not do anything unseemly," Savage said. The paper does allow writers to occasionally use pseudonyms, he said. A blog posted on the paper's Web site Friday evening said Martin's involvement in editorial content was brought to an editor's attention last week after she was given paychecks for short pieces published in the paper. "All of Martin's writings have been removed from the Web site for review," the blog statement read. "They will be reposted once that review is completed and a note about this is attached to each piece." Martin had been contributing to Line Out for several months, but editors and managers knew nothing of the situation, Savage said. "I would never have allowed it," he said.
Enter a search term such as “mobile analytics” or browse our content using the filters above. That’s not only a poor Scrabble score but we also couldn’t find any results matching Check your spelling or try broadening your search. Sorry about this, there is a problem with our search at the moment. Please try again later. Almost half (49%) of UK consumers think personalisation is important, however there are conflicting views as to what actually constitutes a personalised service. The Oracle report, which surveyed 538 UK adults, asked respondents what they define as good and bad service, with reference to both online and offline retail. It also asked how respondents define personalisation, with 40% saying it meant receiving offers/discounts to their smartphone based on their preferences while not in-store, while just over a third (36%) said it meant receiving the same type of offers while in-store. A further 29% said they thought it meant being able to access a single shopping basket across channels. I have previously investigated which of the top UK retailers offer a single shopping basket across different channels and found that only Amazon, M&S and Tesco currently join up their mobile apps and desktop sites in this way. However it’s not something that is immediately obvious unless you’re actively looking for it, and in all honesty I suspect that Oracle’s survey slightly overstates the importance of a joined up basket as it was a prompted question. Looking at the responses that specifically refer to online retailers, almost two-thirds of respondents (64%) said they value a quick and easy returns process, while just over half said they value a simple, integrated returns process across channels and flexible delivery options (both 54%). This supports previous data from comScore which found that when asked what aspect of online shopping consumers wanted to improve, 58% chose free or discounted shipping. This was followed by ease of returns/exchanges (42%), and variety of brands/products and online tracking ability (both 38%). For more information on this topic, check out our blog post listing 14 best practice tips for handling online returns. Oracle’s survey also asked what types of communication customers want to receive from retailers. The most popular response was order and delivery updates (58%), followed by information about products and services (44%), though a further 43% said they only want to be contacted when they have instigated the conversation. When asked about what defines bad customer service, the most popular answers were unfriendly or unhelpful shop assistants (74% and 73%). However poor fulfilment (52%) and a difficult or complicated returns process (50%) also proved to be common responses.
50% off bill, atmosphere, Brazil, Brazilian, Cabana, ceviche, Charcoal bbq, chicken croquets, cocktail sticks, cocktails, colour tiles, fermented, food, friendly staff, grill, Grilled, long skewers, margarita, parmesan, piping hot food, quick service, raw salmon, restaurant, restaurants, salmon, scewers, Stratford, stratford shopping centre, strawberry daiquiri, Tastecard We decided to go to Cabana as we had a Tastecard and wanted a cheap eat in Stratford. Cabana is a Brazilian restaurant that has the look, feel and taste of a chain restaurant by that we mean that the service is mechanical, food lacking surprise. As we walked in we were welcomed by a chef grilling skewers of meat on one side of the room. The restaurant is simply designed with light wooden tables, warm colour tiles and a simple bar in the center of the small room which backed onto the open grill. We liked the fact that you could see the man with the grill although the kitchen itself was partially hidden. We were swiftly seated and ordered a margarita and a strawberry daiquiri, which were delicious and much better than what we would have imagined from this place. We ordered parmesan with honey, chicken croquet’s and salmon ceviche for starter. The parmesan was served with a small bowl of honey and was cubed rather than shaved which we found disappointing; reminding me of a children’s party where cubed cheese is served on cocktail sticks with pineapple. We have to admit the unusual combination did work. The chicken croquet’s were fluffy and piping hot but we couldn’t eat the raw salmon as it had clearly been sitting in the lemon juice too long so instead of being fresh, light and slightly tangy it was gooey with a fermented taste – not good. For our main course we both ordered half a steak skewer, half chicken skewer and a mushroom skewer. The skewers come from the open grill and the waitress brings the metal pole over to your table where she pulls them off. At least you knew it was freshly cooked! The chef standing by the grill must be sweltering and constantly turns the meter long skewers and the smell of charcoal is pleasant as it fits in with the rustic feel of the place. We were disappointed with the meat however as the chicken had a lot of fatty pieces, the steak was severely tough and the mushrooms were shrived. Nothing puts us off our dinner as much as fatty tough meat and that is what we had. The service at Cabana was attentive and fast we have to admit and the team were friendly and quick to explain the concept of the restaurant. Unfortunately the quality of food was a real let down and we were relieved that we could use our Tastecard to obtain 50% off our bill. For price, quality and lack of atmosphere we give Cabana: Food Atmosphere Service
Sarah Davies, former World YWCA Staff (2007-2009) in Geneva, Switzerland, works as the Strategic Development Manager for the YWCA of Aotearoa New Zealand. Sarah is currently seeking selection for the Northland National Party seat in her country. By: Sarah Davies Anybody who believes in something without reservation believes that this thing is right and should be; has the stamina to meet the obstacles and overcome them – Golda Meir As a little girl, I remember dreaming of doing something different with my life. As much as I enjoyed dress ups and tea parties with my fellow six year old friends, I could feel a fire in the belly even back then to aim for a position where I could make a contribution to society. And now I find myself, aged 29, seeking selection for public office in New Zealand. The most common questions I am asked are, “Are you crazy”? which is actually cover up for “ I don’t think you can do it” and “ Do you think now is the right time”?… also cover up for “ I don’t think you can do it.” Yet it is those comment that push you along more determined, more focussed and more passionate about understanding and influencing the issues of the day. I have been asked to reflect on what I have learnt on the journey so far and share some advice with other young women that may be running for public office. Believe in yourself otherwise no one else will..(other than your Mum) Yes. It’s an oldie but a goodie and never a truer word spoken. If you don’t believe that you can represent other peoples interests with knowledge and integrity, don’t expect others to support or vote for you. Work hard. At the end of the very long working day, being voted into public office will boil down to whether you did the research and know the issues. This means every day is a working day and every second counts. Remain focused and plan your time. The truth is that the human body and mind can be pushed even further than it was the day before. Talk to anyone – and everyone – who can help you with your cause. This means reaching out to people who understand what is going on in your community. Most people are very willing to talk to you and share what they know. Remember that everybody has bits and bobs of information that you don’t – find out as much as you can and help it formulate your position on the issues. Understand there are going to be low days. There are people who will be very quick to write you off and say nasty and discouraging remarks about you. Don’t react to it. It says more about them than you. Make you have a good support team around you. Maybe someone you can call at the end of the day to chat with or drive with you to various places. You don’t have to do this alone even though there are days it feels that way. You will find support in the strangest places. One of the most exciting and refreshing aspects of the process so far is when I meet people who I thought would not support me, but do. You will be surprised. There are a lot of older people who are very receptive to younger people running for public office. There are a lot of men equally supportive of women running for leadership positions. If you don’t stereotype and alienate people they won’t stereotype and alienate you. (Except for the few narrow-minded people amongst us) Don’t lose yourself and your point of difference. It’s ok to be yourself. Really. Don’t stress if you don’t fit the traditional stereotypes of a certain political party or you don’t conform to what people think you should be. Use what you have. Our choices are unlimited on how we can make a difference in the world around us. As I head into 2011, I know I am seeking selection for a very competitive seat in a tough electorate. I am under no illusion as to what a challenge it is, but I am also under no illusion that this is what I want to do. As young women of the world, me must believe and demonstrate that we can lead change. Good Luck to you all.
May 1, 2012 > Fiddler comes to Fremont Fiddler comes to Fremont Fremont Christian School presents the Tony Award winning musical "Fiddler on the Roof" for one weekend only, May 3 through May 6. Based on the stories of Sholem Aleichem, "Fiddler on the Roof" is about a poor dairyman named Tevye who tries to teach his five daughters the importance of family and tradition in the face of social change and growing anti-Semitism. A live orchestra and 122 cast members bring this classic tale of family, difficulty, and hope to life, with enduring musical favorites such as "Matchmaker," "If I Were a Rich Man," and "Sunrise, Sunset." The production is designed and directed by Darryl Guzman with musical direction by Darryl Guzman, Mary Ellen Brenneis, and Thomas Banuelos, and original choreography reproduced by Vivian Sam. General seating is $10 and reserved seating $15. Tickets are available at FSC offices and at the door. For more information call (510) 744-2280. Fiddler on the Roof May 3 - 6 Thursday - Saturday: 7:30 p.m. Saturday: 2 p.m., Sunday: 6 p.m. Fremont Christian School Harbor Light Sanctuary 4760 Thornton Ave., Fremont Tickets: $10 and $15
1973 Schwinn Continental help! I'm new to the board and I am also new to caring for vintage bikes. I am a college student and recently received my mother's canary yellow 22" mens continental (after I casually mentioned how cool schwinns are, my mom exclaimed, "I still have mine at your grandmothers house! I got it when I was 13!"...I guess she rode that bike every single day when she was a kid and still rode it when she was pregnant with me!). The other day, I drove down to my grandma's house, picked up the bike, drove back and took it to the local bike shop for a casual tune up. (silly me, I forgot to take photos..grr...) I am so excited to clean it up (literally...I took it straight to the bike shop with dust all over it) and customize it to my liking... This brings me to my questions... 1) If I wanted to install a rear bike rack on it, would you suggest purchasing a vintage one? If so, would any brand/type do? 2) I'm debating purchasing fenders and putting them on...any suggestions? and if so, (again) would any old fender do? I have NO CLUE what i'm doing and the people at my local bike shop are no help since they really deal with modern bikes so all of your help is GREATLY appreciated!!!
Philadelphia-based commercial real-estate company NorthMarq Capital announced Tuesday it has arranged financing of two transactions, including properties in Cherry Hill, Burlington and Hoboken, totaling $6.25 million. According to the announcement, Gary Cohen, senior vice president and senior director of NorthMarq's New Jersey regional office, financed the sales of the Hampshire Self Storage Portfolio and two Hoboken-based multifamily properties. The Hampshire property contains two facilities located in Cherry Hill and Burlington with a combined total of 109,995 square-feet. The $3.5 million financing was structured with a 5-year term and 25-year amortization schedule with 4.00 percent interest. The multifamily properties located at 929 Willow Ave., and 208 Bloomfield Ave., sold for $2.75 million and were structured with a 12-year term and 30-year amortization schedule, the company said in a statement. Stay informed: Subscribe to free NJBIZ newsletters
Free Shipping Over $89.95 | || | Product Type: Bingo & Lotto Item Number: T-6064 Grade: PreK-Kindergarten - Adult (Kindergarten & up). 50 basic words for beginning reading. Bingo. An exciting way to practice essential skills! Multiple skill levels. Includes caller’s mat answer sheet, 36 game boards, and more than 250 markers. 3 to 36 players. Basic Sight Words Bingo by Trend Enterprises
Posted in the Chicago Forum “Where is Everyone?” Since: Jul 12 #1 Mar 27, 2013 Dear Amy: As a smoker, I am waving my white flag of surrender. I like to think that I am a "classy" smoker, the kind who sits on patio furniture with her cappuccino and lights a cigarette sitting in peace. And while most of the time I am, there are also times when I've had such a rough day that I go for a walk and light up on the sidewalk. My boyfriend has expressed his disgust for the habit and while I completely agree with its foulness, I don't believe that it is a vice that I need to give up entirely. I only smoke three cigarettes a week, and while I am aware of the health risks, I would like to quit on my own and for my own reasons. My question to you, Amy, is how do I gently tell him to be patient with me and quit the interrogations? The New Minority Dear Minority: You don't say what "interrogations" are taking place, but my (limited) knowledge of interrogations is that when the subject (you in this scenario) answers a question truthfully, the interrogation is supposed to stop. And in the movies, anyway the person being interrogated is sometimes offered a cigarette afterward. So if your boyfriend says, "Have you been smoking?" You say, "Yes, honey." If he responds by telling you he wants you to quit this foul habit, you can reply, "I know you want me to quit." The real lesson here is for your boyfriend. He cannot control what you do, even if he doesn't like it. If you being a smoker ("classy" or otherwise) is a relationship deal breaker for him, then he'll have to communicate that to you. Then you'll have a choice to make. Dear Amy: My boyfriend recently broke up with me because he said we "want different things." I asked to meet him two weeks later to discuss some medical issues I was having. When we met, he told me he made a huge mistake in breaking up with me. While we were a couple, we had planned four different times to move in together and every time, he backed out. My heart and my head are at war over the situation. He claims he's ready to have an adult relationship with me, but I'm afraid he will just let me down again. Should I take another chance along with couples counseling, or should I leave the one I love? Torn and Confused Dear Torn: I see this as a science experiment. You take the same elements (You plus Him) and combine them and add a reactant (live-in commitment). You do this experiment four times and each time you get the same result: One of the elements (Him) vaporizes. How many times do you need to experience this outcome in order to believe it? So yes, you do want different things. You want a live-in commitment, and he wants to miss you from afar. If your guy wants to change the outcome, he'll have to provide the proof. If he wants to be with you, he can find a counselor, set up an appointment and ask you to join him. Unless this happens, I suggest you adopt a skeptical outlook. “Where is Everyone?” Since: Jul 12 #2 Mar 27, 2013 Add your comments below |Barack Obama, our next President (Nov '08)||2 min||The Donald_||1,403,958| |BARACK OBAMA BIRTH CERTIFICATE: Suit contesting... (Jan '09)||1 hr||Rogue Scholar 05||219,455| |Oceans Gentlemen's Club. A totally awesome, er...||4 hr||Strip club man||1| |The Official Jonas Brother Chat Room!!!! (Oct '08)||7 hr||Kayla Phillips||751| |Rating girls||8 hr||Habsm22||1| |Once slow-moving threat, global warming speeds ... (Dec '08)||8 hr||dGo mnaDed lyoH r...||60,658| |Obama to head Mosque in City,||8 hr||Sis Marian Roberta||1| |Topix Chitown Regulars (Aug '09)||13 hr||Sublime1||103,130| Find what you want! Search Chicago Forum Now Copyright © 2016 Topix LLC
As I was making my way to school in the streets of Kita Senri gently swept by a slow snow, this came: Leaves, snowflakes, even hairs They all do Shin jin datsu raku PS: Shin jin datsu raku is the famous sentence found in Dogen s work and it means: to throw away body and mind, body and mind dropped.
[The following is excerpted from an article by Rachel Armstrong posted by Reuters, Thursday August 25 2011] Patent filings are soaring across most sectors in China -- last year there were 313,854 patents registered in the country according to the Thomson Reuters Derwent World Patents Index, a 12 percent rise from 2009. China was the third highest filer of patents in 2010, just behind the U.S., which registered 326,945 and Japan with 337,497. Japan has been the leading patent filer in the world for the past decade but its lead is narrowing, with its filings volume down 12 percent since 2006. China is up 83 percent. "A lot of know-how flows through the contract manufacturer. The next logical step for these contract manufacturers is to climb up the value chain," said Elliot Papageorgiou a partner at intellectual property law firm Rouse in Shanghai. And as they move up the value chain, they use patents to protect some of the knowledge and ideas they've picked up as contract manufacturers in order to give them room to manoeuvre in the increasingly competitive market. "In the last year and especially this year, demand for IP work is growing very fast," said Anthony Chen, a patent lawyer for Jones Day in Shanghai. Douglas Clark, a barrister specialising in intellectual property cases who has worked in China since 1993 says the size of the industry has surged in recent years. The surge in the size of patent portfolios is causing a corresponding rise in litigation. ... These lawsuits are hardly surprising given that their foreign counterparts such as Apple, Google and Samsung are all trying to use an armory of patents to [control] competition in the global smartphone industry. Google Inc's biggest deal ever, the agreement to buy Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc this month for $12.5 billion, is an attempt to buy insurance against increasingly aggressive legal attacks from rivals such as Apple Inc. The influx of patents not only underscores China's growing strength in the telecom sector, it also reveals a change afoot in the country's attitude toward intellectual property. While the change is hardly air-tight, China is moving more toward recognising ideas and their origins, rather than copying and proliferating. Intellectual property civil litigation cases filed in China rose by 37 percent to 41,718 last year according to the country's Supreme People's Court. This is driven in part by China's plan to become a high-tech power house, with a target for 2.5 percent of its gross domestic product to come from research and development by 2020. It's trying to reach this goal by subsidising the cost of patents for Chinese companies and stricter enforcement of intellectual property rights. "While traditionally in China you are supposed to share knowledge, the government is also aware that if you don't protect IP rights you don't attract investors and the nation can't develop the high-tech industries it wants," said Isabella Liu, a partner at Baker & McKenzie in Hong Kong. The above underscores the unmistakable trend in China to recognize and manage intellectual property rights in the landscape of business competition, both domestically in China and abroad in export markets. As I have noted in my previous blog articles, Hawaii technology companies and innovation businesses should protect their intellectual property rights in the U.S. through patent filings, and also consider whether to acquire foreign patent rights through timely international filings in countries with booming markets such as China for possible value in tech transfer transactions.
County fairs may be best known for their large assortment of rides and attractions, but Krispy Kreme wants us all to remember that the best part of any fair experience is the food, and it has a new line of doughnuts to prove it. The popular doughnut chain announced this week that its participating U.S. and Canada locations are releasing two new fair-inspired flavors for a limited time: Cotton Candy and Caramel Apple Cake. According the company, the Cotton Candy doughnut is an original glazed doughnut that is dipped in blue cotton candy sugar, and the Caramel Apple doughnut features an apple-flavored cake doughnut topped with caramel icing. Krispy Kreme said its new menu items will run from Aug. 30 through Sept. 30, and also include two drinks: the Cotton Candy Chiller and the Caramel Latte. The Cotton Candy Chiller is a frozen drink featuring hints of raspberry and blueberry flavors, while the Caramel Latte is espresso topped with whipped cream and caramel drizzle, and can be served on ice or hot. BrandEating.com reported that Krispy Kreme's Caramel Apple Cake doughnut will also be sold at participating grocery and convenience stores. But there is still no word on whether any deep-fried varieties are on the menu horizon. Lovers of the starchy fried goodness of twice-dipped Twinkies and Oreos will just have to wait and see.
Recent and archived news articles by Nick Wingfield of The New York Times. ARTICLES BY NICK WINGFIELD Quarterly revenue from Azure, the cloud business it introduced to compete with Amazon, rose more than 100 percent. July 20, 2016, Wednesday The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed a ruling that Microsoft must turn over email stored in a data center in Dublin. July 15, 2016, Friday The company, which makes game engine software, announced that it had raised $181 million from investors, bringing its valuation to about $1.5 billion. July 14, 2016, Thursday The smartphone game shows how a new technology can break through from niche toy for early adopters to go mainstream. July 12, 2016, Tuesday Amazon is building a complex at its Seattle headquarters where employees can sit by a creek, walk on suspension bridges and brainstorm in the boughs. July 11, 2016, Monday Redfin, a Seattle company that considers itself a real estate and tech company, has challenged the conventions of both by hiring full-time agents. July 10, 2016, Sunday Mr. Turner, Microsoft’s chief operating officer, is the latest in a spate of technology executives to join a financial firm. July 8, 2016, Friday A feature makes it easier to save your place in complex books like “A Game of Thrones” while you glance at reference pages with photos, maps or family trees. June 29, 2016, Wednesday The planned airborne launcher — funded by Paul Allen, a Microsoft founder — is more than three-quarters finished, but questions about its business model linger. June 20, 2016, Monday If completed, the transaction for control of the Finnish game maker would show the growing power of China’s internet giants and bolster their presence in the global gaming market. June 16, 2016, Thursday As consumer and commercial drones increase in popularity, the government is taking more steps to address safety concerns and regulate the aerial vehicles. Richard Barton describes the philosophy behind many of his businesses, which are meant to empower people in new ways. Dropcam is like a nanny cam for your dog. With it, it’s easy to communicate with your pet remotely — but obedience is not included.
Quick, tell me what Dan Quayle talked about in accepting the veep nomination at New Orleans in '88. Too far back, you say? Then, how about Al Gore in '92? Or Jack Kemp four years ago? For that matter, does anyone remember who Jack Kemp was? Vice presidential candidates, especially in years their parties don't win, are beneath the level of footnotes to history. The words they speak don't resound down the corridors of history; they barely make it to the front door of the nearest saloon the delegates retire to after the final gavel. So Dick Cheney was not at the podium to demonstrate rhetorical brilliance. He was there, in great part, as a 'walking resume.' As his ex-boss, Bush the Elder, might put it: "Message: Steady. Cheney. Solid. Done it. Been there. Good guy." There was a big movement back in the 50's to the "city manager system" of government as a means of getting away from the presumed evils of "bosses" and their machines. The idea was to professionalize municipal services, get away from patronage and "clout," and make government as clean as a well-run business. |Check Out||Reality Check| In the course of becoming so skilled at what he does that even Democrats respect him, and so articulate that reporters sought him out for information and good quotes, Cheney became the classic Washington Insider. The fact that his House voting record was so conservative went unnoticed by Democrats and most journalists until the "opposition researchers" working for Gore dredged it up. A longtime Democratic operative said to me yesterday, "I didn't know until now that his record was so far right. When he was in the House, we used to think he was one of the most reasonable guys up there. Next to Gingrich and Armey he was a pussycat." A very typical sentiment. Cheney's reputation for civility and fair play is so deeply imbedded in the political world, that his convention speech was chosen by the Bush mico-managers as the big moment when the Republicans would actually start to say - excuse the expression - negative things about the Gore-Clinton-Lewinsky ticket. With all the venom and stem-winding fervor he could command, Cheney pulled off the gloves and went for the capillary. The cease-fire that has governed this happy-talk convention ended in a most gentlemanly way. But following such a pep-less pep rally, even Cheney's low-key delivery felt powerful, much enhanced by the crowd's pent up desire for a little red meat. But compared to conventions past, Cheney served up carpaccio, not hamburger. Of the incumbent Democrats he chanted, "It's time for them to go ..." This is exactly the phrase Gore used at the new veep nominee eight years ago, doubtless selected by Cheney as a carefully constructed subconscious reminder of failed vision put forth by a feckless opposition. And it worked. One could imagine the Barney Police, the Bush team's enforcers of upbeat, multi-racial, multi-gender speak-no-evil politics, turning to their field marshals for guidance on why this likable chubby guy, who looked like an Econ 105 professor, was being allowed to breach the rules and attack the Democrats. Now, at this point, I must ask: Is it just me, or have the Republicans gone completely loopy? Bill Clinton and Al Gore are the juiciest, easiest political targets since Dick Nixon and Spiro Agnew - and a lot funnier. The Republicans refuse to really pull the trigger. It's downright un-American. To paraphrase Gore and now Cheney: "It is time for them to tease." The Republican convention is a twilight zone in lots of ways. But the eeriest is how under Barney's Happy Big Tent, a whole period of American history has been magically and totally erased - the Impeachment of William Jefferson Clinton. Vanished. Poof. Didn't happen. Monica who? What Buddhist temple? Cigar? Investigative reporters, cyber-gossips, opposition researchers, congressional sleuths, amateur wiretappers, and special prosecutors climbed mountains to dig up this kind of material. And what do the Republicans do with it? Nada. Niente. Zilch. Do you think for one minute that Bill Clinton and Al Gore would show such restraint given this kind of ammo? Spare me. Yes, I know there are excellent tactical, maybe even moral reasons, why Team Bush insists the convention stay on the straight and narrow. Yes, Americans are sick and tired of sordid sagas in the town square. Yes, negative politics are a Cosmo Turnoff. Yes, the only possible assemblage of characters that could make Clinton & Co. look good by comparison are the Republican headhunters like Ken Starr, Bob Barr, Linda Tripp, and Lucianne Goldberg. Yes, Clinton's approval ratings are still high and the public credits him with a booming economy. But as that master of quip and darkness, Bob Dole, used to say, "Where's the outrage?" Cheney, a somewhat unlikey man for the job, took the white gloves off Wednesday night and landed some stinging slaps. But a real old-fashioned fight would have been kind of fun.
Cinque Terre Monterosso al Mare nice holiday house 0.0 mi away Monterosso al Mare, Italy Vacation Rentals Cinque terre Monterosso al Mare I rent a beautiful and spacious Holiday House at only few steps from the sea and beach private parking space Prices changes according the number of persons, period required, discount for long stay...
Some of the lawmakers absent Wednesday made it to the Capitol Thursday. The vote was 64 to 53 to pass the bill. The initial measure died 52 to 63. The bill that passed does not include caps on pain-and-suffering damages or provisions to protect so-called "innocent sellers'' of products. Some House members who voted against the bill said they want something with caps and innocent seller protections. The Senate passed its own bill Wednesday with those provisions. The two chambers eventually will try to work out a compromise on how much to limit civil lawsuits. But with people dug in on both sides, it's not clear if they can agree. Lawmakers could be back at the capitol in another special session by July 1, if no other solution is found to keep the Mississippi Department of Human Services in business, according to Gov. Haley Barbour. Barbour had said last week that he could run the agency by executive order for up to a year after lawmakers couldn't agree on continuing the agency during the just-ended 2004 regular session. Attorney General Jim Hood said the governor doesn't have the authority to take charge of the agency. Barbour said he was surprised by Hood's opinion "since ten years ago the governor did, in fact, run the Department of Human Services." At that time, former Gov. Kirk Fordice was ready to take over DHS after lawmakers failed to pass a funding bill for the agency. Instead, Fordice called lawmakers back in to a special session to address the issue.
There is a question that has always nagged believers: Will there be many or few people saved? During certain periods this problem became so acute as to cause some people terrible anxiety. This Sunday's Gospel informs us that Jesus himself was once asked this question. "Jesus passed through towns and villages, teaching as he went and making his way to Jerusalem. Someone asked him, 'Lord, will only a few people be saved?'" The question, as we see, focuses on the number -- How many will be saved? Will it be many or few? In answering the question, Jesus shifts the focus from "how many" to "how" to be saved, that is, by entering "through the narrow gate." We see this same attitude in regard to Jesus' second coming. The disciples ask "when" the return of the Son of Man will happen and Jesus answers indicating "how" we should prepare ourselves for that return, and what to do during the time of waiting (cf. Matthew 24:3-4). Jesus' way of responding to these questions is not strange or discourteous. He is just acting in the way of one who wants to teach his disciples how to move from a life of curiosity to one of true wisdom; from the allure of idle questions to the real problems we need to grapple with in life. From this we already see the absurdity of those who, like the Jehovah Witnesses, believe they know the precise number of the saved: 144,000. This number, which recurs in the Book of Revelations has a purely symbolic value (the square of 12 -- the number of the tribes of Israel -- multiplied by 1,000) and is explained by the expression that immediately follows: "A great multitude that no man could number" (Revelations 7:4, 9). Above all, if 144,000 is really the number, then we can both close up shop. Above the gate to heaven there must be a sign like the ones parking lots put up: "Full." If, therefore, Jesus is not so much interested in revealing to us the number of the saved as he is in telling us how to be saved, we can understand what he is trying to tell us here. In substance, there are two things: one negative and the other positive. It is useless, or rather it is not enough, to belong to a certain ethnic group, race, tradition, or institution, not even the chosen people from whom the Savior himself comes. What puts us on the road to salvation is not a title of ownership ("We ate and drank in your presence..."), but a personal decision, followed by a consistent way of life. This is even more clear in Matthew's text which contrasts two ways and two gates, one narrow and the other wide (cf. Matthew 7:13-14). Why are these ways respectively called "narrow" and "wide"? Is it perhaps that the way of evil is always easy and pleasant to follow and the way of goodness always hard and tiresome? Here we must be careful not to cede to the usual temptation of believing that here below everything goes magnificently well for the wicked and everything goes terribly for the good. The way of the wicked is wide, but only at the beginning. As one goes down this way it gradually becomes narrow and bitter. In any case, it becomes very narrow at the end because it finishes in a blind alley. The joy that is experienced in it has the characteristic of diminishing more and more as one tastes it, and it finally causes nausea and sadness. We see this in certain forms of intoxication experienced in drugs, alcohol and sex. A larger dose or stronger stimulation is needed each time to produce pleasure of the same intensity. Finally the organism no longer responds and it begins to break down, even physically. The way of the just is instead narrow at the beginning, when one starts off on it, but it then becomes a spacious boulevard because hope, joy and peace of heart are found in it.
COLUMBIA, S.C. — South Carolina's top prosecutor says the U.S. Justice Department was wrong to block South Carolina from requiring voters to show government-issued photo identification to vote. Attorney General Alan Wilson asks a judge to overturn the decision by the federal government in a lawsuit filed Tuesday. The Justice Department in December rejected South Carolina's law requiring voters to show photo identification at the polls. The agency said the law didn't meet the burden under the 1965 Voting Rights Act, which outlawed discriminatory practices preventing blacks from voting and requires South Carolina to get federal permission for every change to state election laws. It was the first voter ID law to be refused by the federal agency in nearly 20 years. Wilson says South Carolina's law doesn't discriminate against any voters.
I haven't watched the episodes since the DVDs were released, so I'm a bit rusty...... but here's how the story goes in my book so far (based on translating):I just took a look at the script - The character description for Lady Edwina states the she is "a DISTANT cousin/relative of Prince Adam's"... What I want to know is HOW distant?! - She's introduced as the King's niece (no names for anyone mentioned yet) - She says "You must be the king's son." Indicating she has never met Adam before. (later she says she's heard a lot about the "famous" Adam). - Randor says he heard she did well in track. She responds by saying "I think so" and something else not important and she's bored that nobody is fighting or attacking them. Here's her exact (translated) quote: "no enemy in the way .. no fight ... nothing" - Randor wants Adam to give her a tour of the palace, she's upset because "all palaces look the same." - Adam says he wants to introduce her to his friends. (here's where it gets interesting). Teela, overhearing, says "bah! the friends of princes are only serving courtiers and fools!" Harsh! - Orko then introduces himself and she says "And what is it? A flying carpet?" She asks Adam to show her to her room. He asks if she wants to meet his other friends. She says "The girl and the old suit? Please spare me the trouble, yes?" Teela says "I'll show her what this girl can do" and she's going to beat her up, obviously but MAA holds her back and says "No!" - Later, Edwina says she'll die of boredom and Teela says "Good! Then we won't have to talk to her anymore." She's a Princess in this book: "Cannot be said that the Princess has caused a good impression the royal family..."
April 17, 2013 Alexander Field: Buy Tickets | Seating Chart & Ticket Info | Promotions WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- As Purdue baseball welcomes Nebraska to campus for the first time since 1907, a special Alexander Field dedication ceremony is set for Saturday at 6:30 p.m. before game two of the Big Ten weekend series. Former Purdue student-athlete, head coach and athletics administrator Dave Alexander will be the guest of honor Saturday and one of three featured speakers before the 7:05 p.m. game. Fifth-year senior Robert Ramer, who has already earned his bachelor's degree and is currently pursuing a master's, will speak on behalf of the current Purdue players regarding what the new stadium means to them. Director of Athletics Morgan Burke will also address the crowd during the pregame ceremony, which will be emceed by associate athletics director for communications Tom Schott. Alexander Field is named in honor of the late John and Anna Margaret Ross Alexander. The Alexanders were the parents of Dave Alexander, who provided the lead gift for the project. Dave was Purdue baseball coach from 1978 to 1991 and then served as an athletics administrator through 1994. He is currently a scout for the Seattle Mariners. Dave Alexander's Purdue classmate and fraternity brother, Chuck Armstrong, will also be in attendance this weekend. Armstrong, a 1964 Purdue graduate, is the current president of the Seattle Mariners. He will lead the crowd in a singing of "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" in the middle of the seventh inning Saturday. Former WLFI TV sportscaster Ken Double will perform the song on an organ live at the ballpark to accompany Armstrong and the crowd's singing. Saturday, Dave Alexander will also be throwing out the ceremonial first pitch after the stadium dedication. A commemorative home plate cover has been created to mark the occasion. The bases will also feature the special stadium dedication logo and be auctioned off later this season. Fans are encouraged to arrive at the ballpark early this weekend. The northwest edge of campus will be a busy place with women's tennis also hosting a pair of home matches (Friday and Sunday) and the annual Grand Prix festivities also being held at the track adjacent to Alexander Field. Purdue athletics announced this week that there will be increased security at all home events in response to the bombings at the Boston Marathon Monday. All bags carried in by spectators will be searched, and a uniformed police officer will be visible at all venues. With other events and security measures in the mix, fans are encouraged to allot themselves additional time to arrive on time for Saturday's stadium dedication ceremony. For Purdue baseball fans that live on campus, a free student shuttle will be making a loop from campus to Alexander Field throughout the game Friday and Saturday. The shuttle will pick up and drop off at the Purdue Memorial Union, Earhart Hall, Ford Dining Court and Alexander Field. Friday and Saturday's games begin at 7 p.m. The shuttle will begin its campus loop at 5:45 p.m. and run through the end of the game. April 18 Update: Purdue athletics will also be offering a free shuttle for all fans on Saturday from 6-10 p.m. from the R Lot north of Ross-Ade Stadium to Alexander Field. With the heavy amounts of rain this week, parking along Cherry Lane is expected to be limited due to mud. Nebraska baseball is visiting West Lafayette for Big Ten action for the first time. The Boilermakers won two-of-three in their first-ever visit to Haymarket Park in Lincoln a year ago. Friday's game will be televised live by the Big Ten Network as the second of Purdue's four games on the BTN over the span of three weekends. Dave Alexander lettered in baseball for the Boilermakers from 1960 to 1962 before earning a bachelor's degree in 1962 and a master's degree in 1964. He retired as the winningest baseball coach in Purdue history with 407 victories, a marked surpassed by one his players, Doug Schreiber, in 2012. Dave's 1986 team -- on which Schreiber was a senior second team All-Big Ten second baseman -- set a then-school record with 37 wins, and his 1987 squad participated in the NCAA Tournament for the first time in program history. He coached many quality student-athletes, and all but one of them who exhausted his eligibility earned a degree. Dave was inducted into the Indiana Baseball Hall of Fame in 1985. After leaving coaching in 1991, Dave spent two and a half years as the athletics department's compliance officer before becoming a scout for the Seattle Mariners. A John Purdue Club member since 1963, Dave continues to live in Lafayette, Ind., and scout for the Mariners. John and Anna Margaret Ross Alexander, both Purdue graduates, believed in the value of intercollegiate athletic competition and saw it as a way of enhancing leadership. They also believed in service and supporting others. John was a partner in the Indianapolis law firm Krieg, DeVault, Alexander and Capehart and was a leading authority on banking legislation in the state. He was president of the Purdue Alumni Association from 1953 to 1955. His uncle, Dr. Clarence Jones, was instrumental in the selection of the Old Oaken Bucket as the traveling trophy for the annual Purdue-Indiana football game. Anna Margaret was an active community leader in Indianapolis, particularly with the schools. She was a member of the Indianapolis Board of School Commissioners from 1966 to 1970, serving as president in 1969 and 1970. In 1984, she was the first recipient of the Purdue Alumni Association Citizenship Award. John earned a bachelor's degree in 1933, while Anna Margaret earned a bachelor's degree in 1935. Both received honorary doctorates in 1986. The Alexanders were members of the Purdue President's Council and inaugural members of the John Purdue Club in 1958-59. A complete series preview of Purdue-Nebraska will be available later this week.
Deputy director of ANG receives the Order of California WASHINGTON, DC, UNITED STATES WASHINGTON - The Deputy director of the Air National Guard was presented the Order of California by Army Maj. Gen. David S. Baldwin, the adjutant general of California, at the Pentagon here Tuesday. Brig. Gen. James C. Witham received this prestigious award for exceptionally meritorious service during his tenure as the commander of the California ANG from Nov. 15, 2011, through Nov. 15, 2012. “This is the highest award that we give in California,” said Baldwin. “We give it to mainly senior leaders who have made a profound difference in the strategic direction of our force. Gen. Witham absolutely did that as the commander of the California Air National Guard.” Witham’s leadership instilled an organizational culture that embraced the Air Force core values. His strategic perspective, command and staff experience, and his decisiveness ensured the right leadership was in place to meet operational challenges and oversee implementation of complex Total Force Integration initiatives contributing to the success of the California ANG. “(Gen. Witham) is very dynamic,” Baldwin said. “He had a view to take the Guard to the next level in California and set a lot of things in motion that will benefit our airmen for the years to come.” An understanding of doctrine, span of control and future vision led to support and refinement of an organizational change request that established diverse missions in the California ANG of cyber, space intelligence and expeditionary communications. Witham tenaciously embraced force development by inaugurating a chartered force development council. His actions laid the foundation for personnel advancement and qualifications to fill key leadership positions. Within the Air Division and Headquarters Air Staff, Witham established civil support as a mission priority. He identified resident, dual-use capabilities and ensured coordinated deliberate operational planning with the Army National Guard and state-level joint staff. This renewed spirit of cooperation included appointment of four ANG officers in joint command or key leadership positions and led to validations and certification in all supported civil missions sets. The Order of California is awarded for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding service to the state of California or the nation by a member of the California National Guard, state military reserve, or naval militia in a position of great responsibility. Qualifying service must have been within the scope of a special requirement or extremely difficult duty. It may also be awarded to civilians and members of other military services. ||WASHINGTON, DC, US This work, Deputy director of ANG receives the Order of California, by SMSgt Jerry Bynum, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. MORE LIKE THIS
I've started scrapbooking. Nope- I'm lying. I have made, A scrapbook. And by no means is it the conventional scrapbook with construction paper, and pictures of me on the beach surrounded by palmtree stickers and sparkly embossed margarita pitchers. This scrapbook is approproately titled- REJECTION. I know that sounds like a cute lie, or something a wildly neurotic Parker Posey character would do, but I'm dead serious. One evening, when I was feeling particularly frenzied, the idea hit me- almost as hard as every single - "NO" I've received within the last eight years. I was remebering all of the things I've prepared for, all of the auditions, interviews, letters sent, waiting rooms that have felt the palpitation of my heart... I could feel the nerves I felt, and the fabric of the outfit I picked so maticulously, because it had to be "perfect." I had to be prepared. The dollar amounts of lessons, glossy photographs, and "the right shoes" started rolling in my head hitting a disgusting high of triple digits. "So what have you been doiiiing, "out there?".... I get this ALL THE TIME. From everyone that I see, when I return from whatever city I've attempted dominating. So, instead of explaining to people why I'm still in the process....I decided to make my process tangible. Tangible for people to flip through, for their oo's and ah's, for proof, but MOSTLY, for me. I may not be where I want to be, BUT I am DAMN proud of what I've done in order to help me "get there" and where's the fun if you cannot enjoy the progression of your own evolution? Truthfully- I'm proud, because with EVERY. SINGLE. ONE. OF MY REJECTIONS- I've been "this close" My scrapbook looks like this; I have been rejected by 14 different Broadway plays- some, I've auditioned for more than once. Rent said, "Wait, Mimi isn't white." after they called me to audition for Mimi- and I am white. I have been rejected by 6 different back-up singing jobs- Ashlee Simpson's people said, "You sing it better than she does." but opted to choose a blonde girl. At the time we, "looked too much alike." Macy Gray- didn't want a white girl and my audition for Will.I.Am from Blackeyed Peas- is an entirely seperate blog that makes me cringe just thinking about it. Lets just say, I tripped. Hard. Like, on my face. I have been rejected by 15+ reality shows/tv shows- *I've had four seperate VJ auditions * four phases of Real World auditions (after the VJ thing, they recognized I'm enough of a "crazy" to be on The Real World) *2 auditions for Making The Band- both of which I was called to attend from references. -both of which I'm GLAD I didn't make. *2 auditions for American Idol- and just so you KNOW, there are 3 auditions BEFORE you see the judges- both times, Simon said, "You are good. very good. Just....what's unique about you...." That's not damaging to the spirit. They told me to, "Work on my story." * Remember the "Pussycat Doll" show- well, yeah, I auditioned for that- cause who doesn't want to be in that "Buttons" video, all trampy and dancing in flames. I knew the director and a doll, she knew I was coming, so I said,"Hey, fuck it." I got so far in the audition process, they made me quit my job, pack enough clothing for 3 months, then after no sleep, no food and being treated like a prisoner, I was cut at 3am and asked to find a ride from a vacant parking lot near the airport. 3 months later, the executives called and begged me to do "Season 2"....I thankfully declined. There never was a "season 2." *Remember the show "The One" on ABC.....no? Oh yeah, cause it was cancelled after a week. There were 10 people chosen, I was number 12. I'll leave it to your imagination to fill in the rest of the rejections. I have rejection letters from over 200+ agencies, jobs, and so on. Lets just say, the book is a thick one. My best friend told me to burn it and start fresh. I could never. This book is me, these things have made me so much stronger- so much more secure and proud of my talent and who I am. I want to strap the book to my back, I want to stand on it and use it as my platform of strength, I want to frame it in a shadow box, I want to write a letter of gratitude to everyone who's denied me. I am not embarrassed, I am honored. Proud that I have not given up, nor do I intend to. Proud that I've kept trying, proud for coming close, proud for being WILLING to share and use the gifts that I've been put on this planet to utilize. I do not believe in rejection, only growth. "You do your best work after your biggest disasters" Jerome Robbins. And, I, believe that is true.
You are not logged in. (Log in • Create account) See complete forecast Back to gallery Photo by Jimmy Gillispie October 14, 2011 Copy and paste the link: Baldwin City's Brad Wright helps Baldwin High School senior Carol Whaley after Thursday's race. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Commenting has been disabled for this item. or see results Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 BaldwinCity.com. All rights reserved.
Monday, 27 April 2009 Wednesday, 15 April 2009 UNITYblog EDITORIAL: The question for NZ unionists: stick with Labour or start building a political alternative? - History will judge the left on how we rose to the crisis - Protecting the people from the market crisis - Why New Zealand Labour is no longer social democratic by Bob Crow from Spectrezine 24 March 2009 Last week saw the launch of the “No2EU - Yes to Democracy” electoral front, which is critical of the European Union and opposed to the Lisbon Treaty. The alliance is an initiative of Bob Crow, head of Britains’s biggest transport union, the RMT. Below, Crow explains why activists have taken the decision to challenge British Labour Party complaceny on this viciously anti-working class treaty. It's not every day I agree to head up a new left-wing EU-critical electoral alliance to stand in the European elections, but it wasn't a decision taken lightly. My union has been following developments in the European Union for many years and has debated the impact of EU treaties and various directives each year at its annual general meetings. Many RMT members have suffered as the result of EU diktats such as the one which led to the privatisation of our rail network. The EU drive to push market mechanisms into our public services has now appeared with the part-privatisation of postal services. The EU mania for imposing increasingly discredited neoliberal economics on more than 500 million Europeans is also enshrined in the Lisbon Treaty, the renamed EU constitution rejected by French and Dutch voters in 2005. The treaty forces governments to hand public services over to private corporations. That means handing fat cats control of railways, schools, postal services, energy and even social services across Europe. According to the EU constitution, "A European framework law shall establish measures to achieve the liberalisation of a specific service." That provision remains in the Lisbon Treaty. The current economic crisis was created by this right-wing economic dogma, yet, under the Lisbon Treaty, these policies become constitutional goals. EU rules demanding the "free movement of capital, goods, services and labour" within the EU have also encouraged widespread social dumping where vulnerable exploited workers from across the EU are being used to drive down wages in member states. Successive EU directives and European Court of Justice decisions have similarly been used to attack trade union collective bargaining, the right to strike and workers' pay and conditions. As a result, working people are feeling increasingly betrayed by a political elite that seems more interested in implementing neoliberal EU rules than representing those who elected them. This crisis of working-class representation, along with the growing economic crisis, has led to a deep disillusionment, cynicism and general mistrust of politicians. That is one of the reasons why Irish voters rejected the Lisbon Treaty in June last year - because they too did not want an EU constitution that took away their hard-won democracy and effectively turned the EU into an undemocratic superstate. Yet the resounding "No'' by Irish voters was ignored by politicians across Europe who are clearly more wedded to EU institutions than their own electorates. That is why Gordon Brown's government reneged on Labour's 2005 manifesto promise to hold a referendum and instead forced the treaty through parliament with Liberal Democrats' and Tories' help. The Irish electorate has been told that it must vote for a second time on the Lisbon Treaty by October 2009, having voted to reject it in 2008. Why? Because EU and Irish politicians have decided that voters in Ireland must be overruled. To counter this assault on democracy, No2EU - Yes to Democracy is fielding candidates on June 4, 2009, to give a voice to voters who feel betrayed by the main parties. This crisis of democracy and the very serious economic situation is leading to a rise in support for far-right, fascist parties such as the British National Party. Yet the BNP has no answers. It peddles hate and seeks to undermine organisations that working people rely on to protect them such as trade unions. No2EU - Yes to Democracy is an electoral platform and not a party. Our candidates will not sit in the European Parliament in the event of winning any seats. Our candidates would nominally hold the title MEP but would not board the notorious EU gravy train. This is because the European Parliament is, in fact, not a parliament but a very expensive talking shop with no law-making powers. Those powers lie with the unelected European Commission. A recent report showed that MEPs can make over 1 million from a single five-year term by claiming various allowances and even for assistants for whom no record exists. British MEPs' pay will even rise by almost 50 per cent after June's election to over 120,000. While in the real world banks go under and hundreds of thousands of workers are losing their jobs, EU elites continue to enrich themselves at the taxpayers' expense. Lend us your vote on June 4 and we will continue to campaign against the EU privatisation drive and the widespread corruption that goes with it. It's clear that millions of people would reject the Lisbon Treaty if they were given the chance to and demand the repatriation of democratic powers to the member states. Visit www.no2eu.com for more information about the platform. Sunday, 12 April 2009 Friday, 10 April 2009 Thursday, 9 April 2009 Wednesday, 8 April 2009 Sunday, 5 April 2009 - An extended period of economic depression likely to last anywhere from three to 12 years which will go through distinct stages. - A tidal wave of job losses and wage cuts as bosses make workers pay for capitalism's crisis. - A tsunami of house evictions and other social miseries which engulf sections of the middle class as well as the working class. - Growing trends towards trade wars and shooting wars, intersecting with a climate crisis that threatens life on Earth. - Epic upheavals in economics, ecology, governments, institutions and ideologies which will mean that nothing remains the same. - Experiment with different approaches to the grassroots. - Learn from the mistakes of ourselves and others. - Leaflets which combine education with concrete proposals. - Conduct a two-way dialogue with the grassroots. - Transmit a genuine sense of excitement. - A representative governance body dealing with strategy and other big picture issues. - A compact management body dealing with tactics and other day-to-day issues. - A 17-person slate proposed by Grant Morgan. - An 11-person slate proposed by Daphne Lawless, Oliver Woods and Elliott Blade. - A 15-person slate proposed by Bronwen Beechey. RAM COUNCIL MEETING Conference was followed by a meeting of the RAM Council. After discussion among the RAM Council about other leadership roles, Grant Morgan proposed: RAM chair to be Grant Brookes. RAM vice-chair to be Elliott Blade. RAM Secretariat to comprise these four people (in alphabetical order): Elliott Blade Grant Brookes Daphne Lawless Oliver Woods Grant M's motion was passed unanimously by the RAM Council. The Council also elected RAM activists to fill these roles: Kaumatua Publicity Committee Union Committee Community liaison Ecology liaison Treasurer Finance officer RAM trustees Wednesday, 1 April 2009 From Edinburgh to Paris to Kiev, Europe is revolting by Paola Totaro from Sydney Morning Herald 28 March 2009 The signs are everywhere, from smashed windows in the mansion of a British banker to the thousands who took to the streets of Kiev to decry pay cuts: Europe is rebelling. As world leaders strut the stages of Washington, New York and soon, London, in a bid to forge a united response to the global financial crisis, the rising cost of living, mortgages heading skywards, job losses and a tide of home repossessions have sparked a chilling fear of the future and propelled the citizens of Europe into open uprising. - Laila Harre, National Secretary of the National Distribution Union - Dennis Maga, Migrante Aotearoa - John Minto, Organiser, Unite Union - Mike Treen, Global Peace and Justice Auckland (Chair) For more information contact Dennis Maga, 021 971 070, firstname.lastname@example.org
In this lesson, you'll learn how to connect and log into SQL Server, how to issue SQL Server statements, and how to obtain information about databases and tables. Making the Connection Now that you have a SQL Server DBMS and client software to use with it, it would be worthwhile to briefly discuss connecting to the database. SQL Server, like all client/server DBMSs, requires that you log into the DBMS before being able to issue commands. SQL Server can authenticate users and logins using its own user list, or using the Windows user list (the logins used to start using Windows). As such, depending on how SQL Server is configured, it may log you in automatically using whatever login you used for Windows itself, or it may prompt you for a login name and password. When you first installed SQL Server, you were probably prompted for an administrative login (often named sa for system administrator) and a password. If you are using your own local server and are simply experimenting with SQL Server, using this login is fine. In the real world, however, the administrative login is closely protected because access to it grants full rights to create tables, drop entire databases, change logins and passwords, and more. To connect to SQL Server, you need the following pieces of information: The hostname (the name of the computer). This is localhost or your own computer name if you're connecting to a local SQL Server. A valid username (if Windows authentication is not being used). The user password (if required). If you're using one of the client applications discussed in the previous lesson, a dialog box will be displayed to prompt you for this information. Note: Using Other Clients - If you are using a client other than the ones mentioned previously, you still need to provide this information in order to connect to SQL Server. After you are connected, you have access to whatever databases and tables your login name has access to. (Logins, access control, and security are revisited in Lesson 29, "Managing Security.") Selecting a Database When you first connect to SQL Server, a default database is opened for you. This will usually be a database named master (which as a rule you should never play with). Before you perform any database operations, you need to select the appropriate database. To do this, you use the USE keyword. Plain English: Keyword - A reserved word that is part of the T-SQL language. Never name a table or column using a keyword. Appendix E, "T-SQL Reserved Words," lists the SQL Server keywords. For example, to use the crashcourse database, you would enter the following (in a query window): Command(s) completed successfully. The USE statement does not return any results. Depending on the client used, some form of notification might be displayed (as seen here). Tip: Interactive Database Selection - In SQL Server Management Studio (or SQL Query Analyzer), you may select a database from the drop-down list in the toolbar to use it. You'll not actually see the USE command being issued (although it is being issued for you), but the database will change and the window title bar will reflect this change. Remember, you must always USE a database before you can access any data in it. Learning About Databases and Tables But what if you don't know the names of the available databases? And for that matter, how do the client applications obtain the list of available databases that are displayed in the drop-down list? Information about databases, tables, columns, users, privileges, and more, are stored within databases and tables themselves (yes, SQL Server uses SQL Server to store this information). These internal tables are all in the master database (which is why you don't want to tamper with it), and they are generally not accessed directly. Instead, SQL Server includes a suite of prewritten stored procedures that can be used to obtain this information (information that SQL Server then extracts from those internal tables). Note: Stored Procedures - Stored procedures will be covered in Lesson 23, "Working with Stored Procedures." For now, it will suffice to say that stored procedures are SQL statements that are saved in SQL Server and can be executed as needed. Look at the following example: DATABASE_NAME DATABASE_SIZE REMARKS ----------------- ------------- ------- coldfusion 9096 NULL crashcourse 3072 NULL forta 2048 NULL master 4608 NULL model 1728 NULL msdb 5824 NULL tempdb 8704 NULL sp_databases; returns a list of available databases. Included in this list might be databases used by SQL Server internally (such as master and tempdb in this example). Of course, your own list of databases might not look like those shown above. To obtain a list of tables within a database, use sp_tables;, as seen here: sp_tables; returns a list of available tables in the currently selected database, and not just your tables; it also includes all sorts of system tables and other entries (possibly hundreds of entries). To obtain a list of tables (just tables, not views, and not system tables and so on), you can use this statement: sp_tables NULL, dbo, crashcourse, "'TABLE'"; TABLE_QUALIFIER TABLE_OWNER TABLE_NAME TABLE_TYPE REMARKS --------------- ----------- ------------ ---------- ------- crashcourse dbo customers TABLE NULL crashcourse dbo orderitems TABLE NULL crashcourse dbo orders TABLE NULL crashcourse dbo products TABLE NULL crashcourse dbo vendors TABLE NULL crashcourse dbo productnotes TABLE NULL crashcourse dbo sysdiagrams TABLE NULL Here, sp_tables accepts a series of parameters telling it which database to use, as well as what specifically to list ('TABLE' as opposed to 'VIEW' or 'SYSTEM TABLE'). sp_columns can be used to display a table's columns: Note: Shortened for Brevity - sp_columns returns lots of data. In the output that follows, I have truncated the display because the full output would have been far wider than the pages in this book, likely requiring many lines for each row. TABLE_QUALIFIER TABLE_OWNER TABLE_NAME COLUMN_NAME DATA_TYPE TYPE_NAME crashcourse dbo customers cust_id 4 int identity crashcourse dbo customers cust_name -8 nchar crashcourse dbo customers cust_address -8 nchar crashcourse dbo customers cust_city -8 nchar crashcourse dbo customers cust_state -8 nchar crashcourse dbo customers cust_zip -8 nchar crashcourse dbo customers cust_country -8 nchar crashcourse dbo customers cust_contact -8 nchar crashcourse dbo customers cust_email -8 nchar sp_columns requires that a table name be specified (customers in this example), and returns a row for each field, containing the field name, its datatype, whether NULL is allowed, key information, default value, and much more. Note: What Is Identity? - Column cust_id is an identity column. Some table columns need unique values (for example, order numbers, employee IDs, or, as in the example just shown, customer IDs). Rather than have to assign unique values manually each time a row is added (and having to keep track of what value was last used), SQL Server can automatically assign the next available number for you each time a row is added to a table. This functionality is known as identity. If it is needed, it must be part of the table definition used when the table is created using the CREATE statement. We'll look at CREATE in Lesson 20, "Creating and Manipulating Tables." Lots of other stored procedures are supported, too, including: sp_server_info: Used to display extensive server status information sp_spaceused: Used to display the amount of space used (and unused) by a database sp_statistics: Used to display usage statistics pertaining to database tables sp_helpuser: Used to display available user accounts sp_helplogins: Used to display user logins and what they have rights to It is worthwhile to note that client applications use these same stored procedures you've seen here. Applications that display interactive lists of databases and tables, that allow for the interactive creation and editing of tables, that facilitate data entry and editing, or that allow for user account and rights management, and more, all accomplish what they do using the same stored procedures that you can execute directly yourself. In this lesson, you learned how to connect and log into SQL Server, how to select databases using USE, and how to introspect SQL databases, tables, and internals using stored procedures. Armed with this knowledge, you can now dig into the all-important SELECT statement.
A Flower Mound homeowner’s association is dropping its lawsuit against a resident who installed solar panels on his house after a survey showed most owners had no problem with the devices, the association’s lawyer said Thursday. “This one is over,” Spencer said. “(The homeowner) got everything he wanted. He should be happy.” The association filed the lawsuit after some residents complained the solar panels were an eyesore and violated rules designed to keep up property values. At the same time, neighborhood leaders sent a survey to residents to measure opinions on the issue. The survey showed 69 percent of the respondents said roof-mounted solar panels should be allowed, 29 percent said they should not, and two percent had no opinion. A slightly smaller number said they would purchase a home with solar panels. About 30 percent of the association’s 2,300 residents responded to the survey, the association said. The homeowner, who spoke under the condition that his name not be used, said he considered the panels “beautiful” and said association leaders had no business trying to ban environmentally friendly power. “You can’t fight efficiency and doing the right thing for our country,” he said in an interview last month. The panels are on his back roof, but they are clearly visible from a popular walking trail that runs right behind his house. "Absolutely, it's an eyesore," neighbor Shelly Leih said. “If he wants to do something like that, I think he should move into a field." The association’s lawyer said Thursday he had sent a letter to the judge asking that the case be dismissed. “Frankly, I didn’t want to sue him,” Spencer said. “(But) he clearly violated the restrictive covenants.”
Download the Business Directory Richmond Based Businesses (Excel/CSV file) This directory list all businesses that have a current licence and have a business location in Richmond. Non Residential Businesses (Excel/CSV file) This directory list all businesses that have a current licence with a business location outside of Richmond. List of NAICS This publication is a complete listing of the NAICS codes. While every effort is made to maintain accuracy, the City does not guarantee that the information contained in the business Directory is always correct or current. The City does not warrant or make any representations as to the quality, content, accuracy or completeness of the information. The City makes no warranties, express or implied as to the fitness of the information for any purpose, or to results obtained by individuals using the information and is not responsible for any action taken in reliance on the information contained herein.
ORANGE BEACH, Alabama -- The Perdido Beach Resort plans to close for 21 days starting Dec. 18 while the owners undertake a multimillion-dollar renovation of 211 guest rooms. The 346-room beachfront hotel will reopen Jan. 8 at 4 p.m., according to Penny Groux, marketing director. "It's not unusual for us to close at this time of year to do routine maintenance, but we're changing everything from the wallpaper to the furniture," said Tony Marzullo, director of operations. "All the furniture is being upgraded, and all the linens and drapes will be replaced and new paint on the walls," he said. The year 2011 "was a good year for us and we have high hopes for 2012 and we want to go into the new year with a fresh look," Marzullo said. The room improvements include 163 rooms in the east tower and 48 rooms in the west tower, Marzullo said. Luci Chandler of Chandler Interiors in Gulf Shores worked with the hotel on the room designs. Most of the resort's staff will take vacations during the renovation, although the reservations, sales and catering employees will be on duty Marzullo said. The work will be finished in time for winter-season snowbird guests, who frequent the Café Palm Breeze, which offers dinner specials, he said. Snowbirds typically start arriving in January and leave by early March, when rental rates increase for spring break, according to Gulf Shores & Orange Beach Tourism. The hotel's bookings last year trailed the pre-oil spill numbers of early 2010 and pre-recession numbers, according to Marzullo. "But we've taken a great leap in a great direction and we're cautiously optimistic that people will come back to the beach."
LITTLE ROCK — A ballot proposal to raise the minimum wage in Arkansas has met the initial signature requirement, Secretary of State Mark Martin’s office said Wednesday. Martin’s office said the group Give Arkansas a Raise Now turned in more than 64,000 signatures in support of the proposed initiated act, which needed 62,507 signatures to win a spot on the November general election ballot. The secretary of state’s office now moves on to verifying the signatures, which were submitted July 7. Meeting the initial count requirement qualifies the group for an additional 30 days to collect signatures to compensate for any that may not qualify during the verification process. If placed on the ballot and approved by voters, the proposal would raise Arkansas’ minimum wage gradually from $6.25 an hour to $8.50 an hour by 2017. Steve Copley, chairman of Give Arkansas a Raise Now, said Wednesday he was “excited that we got that hurdle cleared.” Copley said polls have shown strong support for the proposal. “I feel pretty confident when we get it on the ballot it’ll pass,” he said. Martin’s office said last week the group Let Arkansas Decide had submitted more than the 78,133 signatures needed to place a proposed constitutional amendment to allow statewide alcohol sales on the ballot. The two groups were the only ones to submit citizen-initiated ballot proposals to the secretary of state’s office by the July 7 deadline. Petition drives in support of measures to legalize recreational and medicinal marijuana fell short.
We have been using dealer.com as our website provider for the last couple years. In October we upgraded our site from their V8 to their V9 Platform and since the upgrade we have seen a large drop in our organic traffic. It has been 3 months since the site release, and while we have seen a slight increase in our organic traffic, it is no where near what it was before the upgrade. After countless phone calls with dealer.com's support staff, the company still has yet to provide us with a solution to the issue. They believe that the drop in organic traffic is not due to the upgrade (even thought the drop in traffic coincides with the launch date of the upgraded site). Our SEO provider (we do not do our SEO with dealer.com) believes the drop in organic traffic is largely related to the excessive use of H1 tags (Header1) in the code of the new template. He believes that if these tags were changed to P1 tags (paragraph1) our organic traffic would return to what it was. He says the header1 tags for words like "About Us", "Welcome", and "Inventory", dilute our important keywords like "Cadillac", "Buick", "GMC", and our town name. Dealer.com does not agree that the H1 tags are negatively affecting our SEO, and since it is a templated site, they will not change the code to the P1 tags. They believe our site had dropped in rank because of the hundreds of landing pages we created for towns in the area that have similar content, ex. "Hartford Cadillac", "Bridgeport Cadillac", "Enfield Cadillac", etc. I'll admit I have a limited knowledge of SEO, but it has been my knowledge that having landing pages such as these helps to bring more traffic to our site. In addition, Google has cataloged these pages, which our SEO provider says is a sign they do not think of them as duplicate content, and they should not negatively affect SEO. In your opinions, are these landing pages negatively affecting our SEO? Is the H1 tag problem the real issue? Or, is dealer.com on track here and our SEO provider off base? In the midst of this ongoing clash of opinions, our Internet Inquiries have dropped, and, in turn, our internet sales. I am looking for a solution to help get our sales back to where they were, and, in the long term, increase them. So, while considering both dealer.com and our SEO provider's analysis of the situation, I have also started looking at other website providers. Our dealership recently signed on with VinSolutions as our CRM tool, and now we are considering switching to their website as well. Do you think this would be a wise decision? I am concerned about the drop in traffic when we change website providers. Are we better off sticking the course with dealer.com? For those of you who are familiar with VinSolutions websites, are they a better alternative to dealer.com? How is the site performance? I really am looking forward to hearing some opinions outside of dealer.com, our SEO provider, and VinSolutions on this one! I can offer this, we recently moved to VIN at our six locations, we were using a local company along with Mfg. controlled sites. Colbalt, Dealer.com, Dealer socket. It is a workout to get though the process, but early results with VIN have been good. Just understand no matter what Vendor you choose,you have to fit in their box, and then work through the process to get what you want on the site for your store. And we have chosen VIN for Website and CRM. Hi Jackie. Wow! This is quite a dilemma! I can certainly empathize with your situation having switched to a number of different web solutions providers over the years when I was an internet manager for a dealer group. Having fired dealer.com on more than one occasion I can relate to your frustration all too well. That said, I would consider dealer.com and VinSolutions two of (if not THE two) the best web solutions providers in the industry. The problem with dealer.com is their own success. The customer service experience is so heavily reliant on your dealer rep. The good ones get promoted and you are ultimately left with someone who will do the minimum and act as a message handler, but not actually work on your behalf to get what you need done. Their technology continues to be some of the best in the industry. As a digital marketing company, Wikimotive works with clients using dealer.com all the time when it comes to our SEO service. I am also a huge fan of VinSolutions and their technology as well. If you chose to make a switch, you would not be sorry. However, the solution to a drop in traffic is rarely to change providers. In fact, a switch would likely cause your traffic to plummet even more (in the beginning). Based on the vague description in your article, I would be likely to support what dealer.com is telling you regarding pages with duplicate content. Since I do not know your website, and can't see these landing pages, I can only speculate with very limited information. But I can say that if the landing pages use the same verbiage over and over and only change keywords like geo targeted keywords, then you are definitely being penalized by google for this. It is highly unlikely that H1 tags are bringing your traffic down to any significant degree. Again, this is speculation. I would need to see the actual evidence to properly advise you. That said, I would be happy to take a look at your situation and help if I can. No strings, of course. Hope this helps. Thank you so much! I really appreciate the advice! Hi Jackie, if you are considering changing providers I would suggest reading this checklist of information you should be aware of before making a provider switch. 20 Tips for Changing Website Providers The first thing I would suggest would be to find out who has access to Google Webmaster Tools for your current site. WMT will provide you with a wealth of information about how Google sees your site. I would focus first on any messages that Google has posted in the account. Once those are addressed if any take a look at the Crawl reports. Is Google crawling my site more or less since the change. Are you getting any Crawl Errors and why? Also in the Health tab check out the Index Status information. The next area I would focus on is the Traffic section. Check the Search Queries reports for impressions, ctr and keyword diversity. Have any major keywords declined or disappeared? Under the Optimization Tab make sure your Sitemaps are submitted, indexed and are not returning any errors or warnings. Also, in this section check out the HTML Improvements section. This is where you will probably see a lot of duplicate title tags and meta descriptions. You won't be able to fix many of them like the VDP pages and some of the Blog pages but try to fix as many as you can. I would be more than happy to discuss with you any of this info on the phone. Thank you so much for the reply! Our SEO provider just granted me access to WMT so I will take a look into those areas and see what I find! So we have had a few Crawl Errors (500 and 503 errors). All of which are after the new site launch. We do not have any sitemaps for our site. I know this is something our SEO provider has been trying to get dealer.com to do for us, but they either won't or can't. All of our duplicate title tags are for our vehicles, so I can't change those. Are the errors we have errors from dealer.com's side of things or from our SEO provider? Hey Jackie, look at the 500 and 503's to determine if they are old page urls or new urls on V9. Also, are we talking a few or a few hundred errors. When you click on the URL of the errors you get an option for "Linked From" if those pages are linking from another site see if you can have the link changed on the other site to the current appropriate page on your new site. Your sitemaps should be structured like yoururl.com/sitemap.xml and I see you have the video product from Dealer.com on your site. Your video sitemap should be something like yoururl.com/videositemap.xml the problem with the video sitemap is that they have the sitemap coded wrong. I have been complaining about this issue to Dealer.com since July. When you submit your sitemaps in WMT just enter the part after the slash in the url. How did your search queries report look especially the Impressions since the change over? I understand from some dealers that Joe Verde has a very good CRM tool. Not very expensive and works well. I think the issue with the H1's can easily be solved if they can be made more descriptive. For example, instead of simply saying, "About Us" it could be changed to "About (Your Dealership Name) in (Your Location)" or something like that. There are solutions out there other than VINSolutions and Dealer.com that allow you the flexibility to make these changes (you or your SEO provider) so that you don't have to conform to the "box". Check out AutoVelocity.com - they have a total control solution that I think will impress you. I disagree with your SEO company. I'm not a fan of SEO agencies for well-designed dealer sites (they are unnecessary with good onsite optimization unless they are doing off-site SEO and onsite custom content creation for you). Although there is merit to the theory of overused H1 tags, if used properly (one per page/section) they are absolutely not a problem. I would not attribute your lack of traffic to that. Google has come out with 5 Panda/Penguin updates since October. SEO is NOT the same today as it was a year ago. Focus on unique content, unique content, unique content and good quality local backlinks. Not saying the algorithm updates are exactly your problem but the landscape has seriously changed so all dealers should be adding custom content on a regular basis focused around relevant keywords. Change up your vehicle comments, change the inventory sort order, add new pages, etc. I'd also take a look at total indexed pages and crawl errors before and after switching providers. My guess is you have lots of 404 errors from off-site links that are pointing to areas on your old site that don't exist anymore. It can take Google months to adjust for 404 errors in their indices, but if you have lots of hard links all over the Internet specifically pointing to a dead page (links from blogs, forums, ebay, craigslist,inventory feeds, etc.) that problem is never going to get fixed without a 301 redirect, which definitely could attribute to traffic decline. I work at VinSolutions but have to side with Dealer.com on this one - not an h1 tag problem. Thanks for your input Caryn, it's very helpful! I just took a look at our Crawl errors and we only have 500 and 503 errors, but they all happened after the site upgrade. Any thoughts on that? Sorry to hear about your situation. As the CIO of a full service digital marketing agency, I have some insights but mainly questions that I would love to get the details on in order to be able to further advise you intelligently. I clicked on your profile link to find your dealer site and here is what I can tell you right off the bat... 1. your SEO problems go deaper than H1 tags. I only clicked through a couple of pages but I could immediately tell that you are not fully utilizing the most important meta tag elements of your pages. You have keywords repeated multiple time in the title tag which is a horrible use of such valuable SEO real estate. Many of the meta title tag elements are VERY similar or identical with only minor changes on pages within your site. You don't have static model pages for your vehicles. The vehicle details pages are great, but inventory comes and goes. You really need to have static model pages for each model you have. You need to load those pages up with relevant content and links to your inventory for all the trims and so forth for each model. The model page should also showcase the specials (both mfg and any you have at your dealership) for the particular model as well. 2. Landing pages CAN hurt you. Google did some major updates last year that could be making your landing pages look like boiler plate spam sites, a clear indicator of an attempt to game their system. The links pointing to your site could be toxic at this point. I would like to find out exactly how duplicated the content is on those landing pages. I would also like to find out how "light" they are on content. If it's lighton content and highly dupilcate, there is a VERY high chance that you need to do some customization to each of those landing pages in order to make them valuable again. And if you can't or don't want to make those kinds of change you may need to nix them completely in order to save your main site. 3. Do real link building Landing pages and link schemes are old. Google knows about them and is actively penalizing you for them now. You need to be guest blogging on real live active automotive blogs with individual, relevant, and exclusive content deep linking to your site. We have content writers and access to portals where our content is picked up by automotive blog publisher for single use guest blogging to accomplish this. 4. It's not the provider, it's the SEO company. As a full service digital marketing agency I can tell you that I LOVE our websites. They are built for SEO, speed, and conversion. The problem is that dealers get locked into contracts and vendors give away website for free, or whatever the situation may be. We wind up having to work with optimizing Cobalt, Naked Lime, Vin Solutions, Dealer.com, and just about every other provider out there. Soemtimes it's difficult, but I can assure you that a good SEO team will be able to optimize and rank just about anyone's website given enough access by the provider. In your case it sounds like you do have a problem with a highly templated web platform, however your SEO team is not stepping up to the plate and fixing things for you. They should be doing everything they can and working around the things they can't change, however I can tell you with absolute certainty that they are NOT doing everythign the could to help you rank your site organically. Also PPC, social media, and your reputation online all also play factors in the amount of trust customers have to convert as a goal on your site. I would love to take a deeper look at each of those factors and see if they may be impacting you at all. I hope this helps!
Welcome everyone! Little Rock is heating up for Salsa! Join this group to connect with fellow lovers of latin music! This group is for people who love dancing salsa, bachata, cha cha cha, merengue, and any other latin dances. If you want to learn, this is the group for you too! This is your opportunity to meetup with others and have a guaranteed good time dancing in Little Rock and the surrounding areas!
Women's Moving Comfort Distance Tank C/D :: You've got a lot going on and so does this tank! Look great with the women's Moving Comfort® Distance Tank's double layered design and feel great with the smooth, seam-free 2-in-1 built in support. The subtle contoured cups keep you comfortable while flattering your curves. Keep cool under pressure with cooling mesh zones up front and in back. The overall fitted style moves with your workout. Stash small essentials in the back pocket and you're ready for anything! Features & Benefits: Your Help Is Here Shop with confidence knowing your team of Fit Experts is waiting to answer all your questions. You can always find your perfect product and your perfect fit. Your Road Runner Sports Fit Experts will make sure you get exactly what you want and have tons of fun in the process! Give us a call, chat, or email! Call 800-743-3206 to You May Also Like
(There's No War On Christmas) When Christmas Is in Your Heart - Single Open iTunes to preview, buy, and download music. ||(There's No War On Christmas) When Christmas Is in Your Heart||The Mockers||3:25||$0.99||View In iTunes| The sound quality of my download is horrible. I don't know what device you use to listen to this song but my quality sounds great!!! Years Active: '90s, '00s
To save you time I'm going to have everyone raise their hands. Now, everyone who does not own a Zune put your hands down. Now, everyone who uses Xbox 360's Zune Marketplace keep your hands up and everyone else put your hands down. Everyone with their hands up, please keep reading... all three of you. Come Jan. 25 Xbox Live's Zune Marketplace will be going under scheduled maintenance for up to 24 hours. The maintenance will begin at 10 p.m. and end when it ends. During this time, which is sure to be quite harrowing for all, you won't be able to download new videos or music. Your current library will be entirely accessible, however. Oh, and it looks like one of you three people still reading has fallen asleep. Well, for the two of you that care... oh no, the other guy was actually a cactus standing in the corner. OK, for you, the one guy still caring, I hope this downtime doesn't hurt you too deeply.
On the Monday after the Sunday of All Saints (tomorrow), we begin a fasting period, in accordance with the Lord's words, "when the bridegroom is taken away from them, then shall they fast." This fast is called the Apostle's Fast because it lasts until the Feast of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, on June 29 / July 12. As is usual, the fast consists of abstinence from meat, fish, dairy products, eggs, olive oil, and wine (alcoholic beverages). On Saturdays and Sundays, as well as on Thursday June 7th (in honor of St. John the Baptist), the fast is relaxed and we may consume fish, wine and oil. On Tuesdays and Thursdays, as well as on Wednesday June 6th (in honor of St. Symeon), we may use wine and oil.
By Vella Munn She was a tiny thing, several inches shorter than my 5’2” and maybe one hundred pounds. Her lovely white hair had been professionally styled, she had flawless skin and sparkling eyes, and her pink smock appeared to have just been washed and ironed. In contrast I looked like something the cat had hauled in because I’d been running errands. (My story, my explanation) I was there for my yearly mammogram while this darling 80 year old woman was a clinic volunteer. Her job was to guide me to a changing room. “Are you the writer Vella Munn?” she asked. Surprised and wishing I’d washed my hair, I confessed I was. Turned out she’d read every one of my nine Native American historicals. They’d resonated with her because several were set in California where she’d lived with her husband of 47 years before his recent death. My stories in some small part took her back to their time together. She cried, I got misty eyed, and we hugged. On my way home, I turned on the radio. Neil Diamond, who I would have run away with if he’d known I was alive, was singing. It was a cold afternoon but the sun was shining. Just like that I was transported back to those innocent and heady days when it was all about the writing—when I didn’t concern myself with the business aspect of this career I’ve been addicted to forever. With the music as loud as my ears could handle and the sun on my shoulder, I embraced a raw thrill I haven’t felt for years. I vowed to again get drunk on writing. For years I’ve been telling new writers to treat what they’re doing like a business. We have to. Otherwise we don’t stand a chance. Publishers are there to make money. Much as an editor might love a writer or manuscript, if she doesn’t believe it’ll make a profit for the company she won’t/can’t buy it. The publishing world is constantly changing. Genres move in and out of favor, hot becomes cold, a book no one saw coming breaks all sales records and the charge to duplicate begins. We must be informed, realistic, to shift with the market. I get it. I wouldn’t have sold over fifty books for mumble-mumble publishers if I wasn’t committed to keeping my fingers on the publishing pulse. I also educated myself about self-publishing and hung out my own shingle. I pay the bills with my writing and that’s how the IRS has long classified me. But I’d lost the pure joy of burying myself in a fictional world and suspect I’m not the only one. All this time we spend staying informed takes us far from the stories in our hearts and souls. Even before meeting that 80 year old woman I’d been coming back to my roots, to when everything was about character and emotion. I’d spoken at this year’s RMFW conference and afterward my buddy Lynda Hilburn and I took off for the mountains. (I live in Oregon and had never been to Colorado.) We sat on a patio overlooking a rushing creek drinking wine and watching/feeling a storm come in. Suddenly it was there, maybe blown my way by the fierce wind, the kernels of a four-book romance series about something that has always resonated with me—the wilderness. I came home, cleared the decks of other writing projects (I’ve been doing a lot of erotica) and spent a day sketching out the series and pulling characters out of that place in all writers’ minds where characters wait to be brought to life. Early in November I got started. I didn’t have much of an idea about where story #1 was going, just that life hadn’t been easy for this man and woman and they need each other and the mountains that represent second chances for them. The words have been flowing from me and I’m approaching each writing stint with a joy I’d forgotten was possible for, I believe, one reason. These characters and their stories tap into what’s true about me. What matters to me. Promo time: Touch Of The Wolf, a paranormal romantic suspense with Entangled’s Ignite line releases on Dec. 30. The story is set in Washington state’s Olympic Forest. Hey, you can’t take this gal out of the country. It’s all I know or want to.
Topic: Is there anyone here that can "translate" studies and medical info? Today you all posted some great information on the CC facebook page. Studies and trials and what not ....results etc. I am wondering if there is anyone here who speaks "doctor" and "english that can translate this information for those of us (me) who spend hours googling every other word and STILL don't "get it". (I admit it--"medical speak"...not my strong suit!) I am sure I'm not the only one. I know this requires time and effort--but it sure would be FABULOUS to look at the information and say "OHHHH!! that's what they're saying!" Cross posted this on Facebook page as well. Thanks for considering...it's just that when we're in the fight for our lives, it would be great to actually understand all of this information thrown at I know there are some SUPER smart people on here that can read those studies and totally understand--would it be possible for those smarty pants to translate for us? I, for one, (as well as my husband) would appreciate it forever!!!
Residence Inn by Marriott Miami Airport West/doral Area |Part of a national chain:||Residence Inn by Marriott| |Travel Information:||Check Rates & Availability| “Residence Inn by Marriott is designed to make you feel at home for a day a week a month or more. Our suites give you fifty percent more space than most…” No reviews yet. Be the first to review this listing!
The contestants for Miss October are locked and loaded. Who’s your pick to win? To enter the TransWorld SURF Model Search, email your photos to firstname.lastname@example.org. Please include name, age, hometown, and some info about yourself. Monthly winners will receive prizes from B. Swim, Spy Optic, and be featured in TransWorld SURF magazine. You must be 18 to enter.
For the finest quality custom products look no further. Our seat covers for personal watercraft and ATVs, mats and speciality office chairs are each custom designed to your individual specification by the finest craftsman in the industry. We uniquely design all of our patterns in order to insure a perfect fit each and every time. You choose the design and the colors from the highest quality material available and we do the rest. Our products are the finest in the industry. We have been the leaders in custom seat covers and mats for over 20 years. If you want the best, if you want a distinctive look that reflects your personality, there is only one place you can have it all. JETTRIM. We are the world leaders in Custom Watercraft Seats and Mats, ATV and UTV Seats and the most unique Office Chairs you have ever seen made from Custom Off Road Seats like you would use in your Rhino, RZR or Teryx. Prices may be changed at any time without further notice.
French mix it up as the taste for spirits grows, writes Jenny Knight Students should not have any trouble getting into the spirit of the MBA in wine marketing and management at the Bordeaux International Wine Institute in France. Next year for the first time the course will include nearly two months in London studying the spirits industry. The students, who are recruited from around the world, will have familiarised themselves with the grand cru wines of Bordeaux before they arrive in London in January to learn the marketing secrets of gin, vodka and Scotch whisky. The UK is the largest exporter of gin in the world, with 70 per cent of its
EPA Releases WaterSense New Home Specification Beginning this month, developers and home builders have a new opportunity to highlight green building achievements applied toward their projects. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has released the EPA WaterSense New Home Specification. This Specification establishes criteria for new homes and multifamily occupancies to be labeled under the WaterSense label, which is similar to existing EPA programs EnergyStar and Indoor AirPlus. To earn the WaterSense label on residential occupancies, applicants will be required to meet the criteria of the Specification and be built by WaterSense builder partners, covering both indoor and outdoor water use reduction. Indoor water use requires that all toilets, urinals, bath sinks, kitchen sinks, and showerheads be EPA WaterSense labeled and that all dishwashers and clothes washers be EnergyStar qualified. Clothes washers must also conform to water use limits. The Specification includes requirements for landscape water use, pools, spas, landscape design, and ornamental water features. Irrigation systems must be designed or installed by a WaterSense irrigation partner and must include a weather- or soil moisture- based, WaterSense-labeled controller. California's Green Building Code, CALGreen, put the WaterSense label within reach for new developments, since flow rates for bathroom and kitchen faucets, water closets, urinals and showerheads are identical to those of the WaterSense program. CalGreen requires that water closets be WaterSense labeled, and the 2013 code will require the same of showerheads. CalGreen and WaterSense both require the use of weather- or soil moisture-based irrigation controllers. Like EPA's EnergyStar, EPA's WaterSense has the potential to become widely recognized by consumers; for example, EnergyStar has been marketed by the EPA for 20 years, and the EnergyStar label is recognized by 84% of those surveyed (Consortium for Energy Efficiency 2011 ENERGY STAR Household Awareness Survey Report). Using a similar approach, the EPA WaterSense label is positioned to deliver trusted performance criteria, thus making code compliance and water efficiency goals easier to achieve. You can view a video message about the WaterSense new homes specification here. Glen Folland, LEED AP (BD+C, Homes), CEPE is the assistant project manager for VCA Green. Enter your comments in the box below: (Please note that all blog entries and comments are subject to review prior to posting.)
This week on War News Radio, the third and last piece in our series on Central American migration. Reporter Liliana Frankel interviews El Wanaco, a young Salvadoran rapper, and examines the painful history of exchanges between El Salvador and the United States. Aquí lanzamos la segunda crónica en nuestra serie sobre la crisis migratoria en México. Esta semana, les presentamos el testimonio de Alex, un migrante hondureño que creció en Canadá. Hace ocho años fue deportado, y las consecuencias de su exilio han sido mucho mas graves que se esperara. This week on War News Radio, despite airstrikes by the Unites States and its allies, ISIS now controls much of the Syrian city of Kobani, hostilities have broken out between Indian and Pakistani forces in the border region of Kashmir, the Canadian parliament approved anti-ISIS airstrikes, and more. This week on War News Radio, US Secretary of State John Kerry meets with Palestinian negotiators, Russian President Vladimir Putin announces a peace plan after speaking with Ukrainian President Peter Poroshenko, President Barack Obama commits to sending 350 more non-combat American troops to Iraq, and more. This week on War News Radio, violence in South Sudan prevents peace talks, Fatah and Hamas reconcile, Israeli-Palestinian talks suspended indefinitely, the United States pledges military support to Japan in light of China-Japan territorial disputes and more This week on War News Radio, clashes between Ukrainian security forces and pro-Russian activists, the sentencing of supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, armed gunmen stormed a United Nations peacekeeping base in South Sudan, and more. This week on War News Radio, Pro-Russian demonstrators seize government buildings in Ukraine, Israeli/Palestinian peace talks face more barriers, car bombs in Syria and Iraq continue to threaten civilian populations, Kenyan authorities arrest over 3,000 Somalis in a security crackdown, and more. This week on War News Radio, Ukrainian military forces leave Crimea, an Egyptian court sentences to death 529 supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood, a pro-government militia kills 151 rebels in the Darfur region of Sudan, North Korea launches two medium-range ballistic missiles, and more. This week on War News Radio, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a treaty annexing Crimea, Israeli air forces fired on Syrian military bases, international talks continued over Iran’s nuclear program, and more.
VIDEO GAMES: Future Batman Arkham City DLC May be on the Way! Although reluctant to answer it seems Sefton Hill may have hinted towards future content for Batman: Arkham City. In an interview held by Bonus Round’s Geoff Keighley, Sefton mentions that “announcements on DLC are coming,” and that there are more “exciting things to come.” Unfortunately that’s all he was willing to give away and the content within this DLC is still clouded in mystery. None the less, there’s no doubt that Rocksteady are working very hard to satisfy their fans and continue their great success. So what do you guys think? Could it be just another Challenge map? Or could it be the the HUSH story arc that Batman said "I'll Hunt Him Down Tomorrow" DLC? Will Nightwing and Robin have a part in this DLC? : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... [MORE]
From March, 10, to September, 18, 2016, the Musée des Arts Décoratifs will turn the spotlight on Barbie, the doll that marked the childhood of millions of girls, and turned to be an icon symbolizing a significant era of a whole generation. HôTEL DE LA MOTTE PICQUET Dear guests staying at our hotel De la Motte Picquet, here's a quite original idea to enjoy your stay in Paris: Le Jardin des Plantes invites you to spend great times at one of the most beautiful parks of the capital, in a cheerful and colorfoul setting on the occasion of the exhibition the "Mille & une orchidées" from February, 11th to Marh, 7th, 2016. From the 22nd to the 31st of January 2016, the Louvre Museum will be hosting the ninth edition of the International Days of Films on Arts. Blending scientific inquiry and artistic creation, the exhibition Climat L’Expo à 360° offers a documentary approach to provide benchmarks to visitors. The exhibition will be held at the Cité des Sciences et de L'Industrie from November 30, 2015 to December 11, 2015.
Reef Conservation ecology courses Ko Tao Thailand Koh Exist Learning to co-exist with the natural world around us is our philosophy. – Koh Exist Ask Yourself These Questions - Do you know what coral is? Is it a plant, an animal, or a rock? - Do you know that coral reef covers just under one tenth of one percent of the oceans’ surface area, but support 25% of all marine species? - And that the Indo-Pacific region accounts for more than 90% of this total? - Do you understand the complex food webs and why each species is so important? - Do you know what to do to reduce your impact on the reef whenever you go diving, snorkelling or free diving? - Do you know that there are ways to rehabilitate a damaged reef? - Do you know that there are technologies that allow the coral to grow 3 to 10 times faster? - Do you know that coral can get sick? - Do you know how to recognize dead coral from bleached coral? - Do you know what coral tissue is? - Do you know how to fix a mooring line? If you answered “no” to most of these questions, then the reef conservation courses are for you. We will teach you everything you need to know about coral reef, fish and ways to protect this amazing eco system. What is Koh Exist? Koh Exist is operated by Caroline, a Swiss lover of the sea and everything in it. Her passion is to train people to co-exist with the underwater world by extending their understanding, knowledge and appreciation of it, allowing them to make a difference to this amazing marine environment. Caro offers her experience and knowledge with 1 to 10 day certified courses covering a wide range of areas, involving fun activities catered to all levels (from snorkelers to diving professionals). Courses are available in English and French. Learning to co-exist with the natural world around us is our philosophy. While diving with us, you will learn and apply all the things you can do to make a difference. We hope that this will help to spread awareness to everyone around us.
> Opera and Oratorio Gubisch; Castronovo, Dupuis, Lis; Choeur et Orchestre de l'Opéra National Montpellier Languedoc-Roussillon, Altinoglu. Text and translations. Radio France ES 1011 Economy is a virtue of Massenet's hour-long Thérèse, set in the French Revolution. A few deft scraps of a sung march quickly evoke the fervent mobilization under way when the drama begins, in 1792. An... In order to view this article, you must be a subscriber. If you already have an account, please enter your username and password. If you are not already a subscriber, please Subscribe.
Yup. I’m putting the word out for CM08 volunteers. It's really not a scary thing, in fact just last year I gave a few hours of my down time on Wednesday morning, and immediately I saw the relief it helped create. But I don’t think everyone one realizes how the smallest contributions of time can make CM flow so much better. So here are a few Frequently Asked Questions (and answers.) “What can I do? I don’t know the process!” – Doesn’t matter. These people will just point and shoot and you’ll know pretty quick. “But I don’t know much about trucks…” - That’s ok, here’s a bag, just put one of each of these papers in it -or- That guy needs an XL (kids love this stuff, and last year a little five year old could stuff those things faster than I could.) “It’s so boring!” – Sure beats being home on the couch NOT at Cruise Moab! “It looks like they’ve got everything under control.” – Yup, ‘bout as under control as rioting bears. Ya I know I’m a smart-ass, but seriously volunteers are a sorely needed resource that all of the CM staff utilize every day of the event. Little things ranging from helping with Tech Inspection to stuffing hand-out bags at Registration, to pitching canopies help make our lives easier. I know that after helping last year it wasn’t any sweat off of my back to donate a little effort to the people, who together, keep the one event I look foreword to every single year going. My donation of time was nothing compared to the amount of time they spend making this event happen and I will gladly donate my time if it means Cruise Moab happens next year. Click (or copy/paste) this link for the volunteer form. We all appreciate any and all time you donate to Rising Sun 4x4 in any event. Thanks to anyone who has ever donated time and to anyone who has regularly been a part of what we do. If you have any questions feel free to contact me or any of the Cruise Moab Committee Members. My e-mail is firstname.lastname@example.org
Michael Barclay specializes in the fields of patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark litigation and client counseling, with a particular focus on electronics-related areas. He formerly was a partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati in Palo Alto, California. Among other cases, Michael worked on the successful First Circuit and Supreme Court appeals in Lotus v. Borland. Before entering the legal field, Michael was an engineer at Hughes Aircraft and at Intel Corporation. He presently serves as an ENE evaluator for the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. Michael received his J.D. degree from the UCLA School of Law in 1979, and A.B. (Physics) and M.S.E.E. degrees from the University of California, Berkeley. Since joining EFF in 2010, Michael has worked on amicus briefs in many important copyright and patent cases. Examples include: Viacom v. YouTube, Alice Corp. v. CLS Bank, Brownmark Films v. Comedy Partners, UMG v. Veoh (Shelter Capital), and Authors Guild v. Google.
News release - 10/9/2013 Published 10/9/2013 (all press releases for this day) OXNARD POLICE DEPARTMENT DETAILS: The Oxnard Police Department would like to notify residents that the community is experiencing fumigation burglaries. To date, we have seen a total of 26 such burglaries, with 24 coming in the last 6-months—an average of one per week. Fumigation burglaries have occurred throughout the city, with a higher concentration occurring in the Cal-Gisler, Kamala Durley Park, and Bartolo Square neighborhoods on the south end of Oxnard. Primary property targeted and removed from these burglaries include: Electronics (TV, computers/laptops/tablets, Gaming systems, and DVD players), jewelry, tools, cash, clothes, purses, and firearms in 3 separate incidents. Thieves are increasingly targeting tented homes, putting their health and safety at risk especially during the exposure period. Entering any tented home is hazardous, because extermination companies use deadly gases to eradicate termites and other pests from properties. Open and unlocked doors and windows have been the primary method and point of entry in almost half of the fumigation burglaries in Oxnard—most likely during the ventilation period of the process when homes have to force out air. In other cases, however, doors and windows have been pried, smashed, or used bodily force to gain access. This problem is not unique to the City of Oxnard. Earlier this year, Ventura Police also warned residents about residential burglaries at homes that are tented for fumigation. Similarly, cities throughout Los Angeles County have experienced similar crimes in the last 18-months. There are a number of steps that residents can take to further protect themselves and their property. The Oxnard Police Department encourages residents to remove small valuables such as money, jewelry, keys, personal documents, flat screen televisions and small electronics. Residents are also encouraged to advise neighbors so they can be vigilant and help report suspicious people or activity during planned fumigation dates. Furthermore, residents can ask fumigators about installing alarms and sensors at jobs, such sensors can alert fumigators' cellphones if anyone enters a tented building. The Police Department has taken actions to reduce the number of these types of burglaries. We also ask that you assist by taking a proactive approach to deter such criminal activity. We can all take small steps to help our neighbors and one another avoid becoming a victim. Help keep our homes and neighborhoods in Oxnard crime-free and safe. We remind residents to be extra aware and vigilant. If you see suspicious activity, please report it to the Oxnard Police Department at 805-385-7740, or dial 911. Anonymous information and tips can also be made with the Ventura County Crime Stoppers at (805)385-8255. Press release archive |Copyright © 2003-2016 Oxnard Police Department | Site Map | Contact Us | Terms & Conditions|
Going to close off the week with this gorgeous Gothic N. The staining is so rich and lovely, and the clear and bright wood grain really pops out next to it. The negative areas house two really nice sets of tiered pantograph marks. I love big type like this because you can see how the rings stretch over the face so well. Style: Condensed Gothic Style first appeared: Unknown Size: 40 line Manufacturing Method: Pantograph Is it part of a complete set? Almost
!! SOS !! Problem Background: I have a file which contains some page titles and corresponding URLs. I am reading this file dynamically and generating a table with each row showing the (clickable) title. There is one iframe on the page. I want that when a user clicks on one of the rows, the corresponding page should get loaded in the iframe. These urls may belong to different domains. Main Issue: The first click opens the corresponding url perfectly in the iframe. However, any subsequent clicks (on the same or different row), opens the url in a new window, instead of replacing the earlier url in the iframe. Tried googling it for long, but it appears that this problem is still unresolved (lots of empty posts without replies :-() Please reply to this post. I will be happy to provide you with much more information/code if required. PS: By the way, the same thing is happening with this simpler html code. Just two links and one iframe. Copy-paste this html file and try. One link will load the content in iframe and the other will redirect to a new tab :x :x <html> <table> <tr><td><a style="text-decoration:none; line-height: 150%; color:darkslategray;" href="http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/markets/2013/01/04/stocks-higher-bull-market-high/1810075/" target="main_frame">GM, Peugeot to Decide on Brazil Factory This Month, Veja Says <br>Bloomberg News 2012-05-19</a></td></tr> <tr><td><a style="text-decoration:none; line-height: 150%; color:darkslategray;" href="http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/04/us-markets-stocks-idUSBRE8BG0D620130104" target="main_frame">GM, Peugeot no Decide on Brazil Factory This Month, Veja Says <br>Bloomberg News 2012-05-20</a></td></tr> </table> <iframe name="main_frame" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" scrolling="yes" height="100%" width="100%" src=""></iframe> </html> Tested on both chrome and firefox.
So I have a hive that I combined a 1 box Warre and extracted the top box. So now the partially drawn combined box is on the bottom and I put the extracted box on top. This box is now 5 boxes tall. I put the extracted box on top hoping for a fall flow harvest. The box feel like it has some weight, but I don't see much for nectar in it (didn't try to remove combs yet). There seems to be some chaining bees in the partial box on bottom. The middle three have brood with the top box feeling considerably heavier than the bottom two. Also to note that the top box isn't fully drawn yet, but I did see some chaining bees in there. So that's the background story. Here's a few questions. If the bees only partially fill the top box what should I do with it? Also is there such a thing as wintering on to many boxes? I know Warre said two boxes, but he also lived in a different climate. This hive wintered on 3 last year, but what if I left them with 4-5 boxes? Harmful or negligible difference? I notice that my other hives are starting to do some back filling of the brood nest. So what do you think I should do? Just leave them alone or remove that top box or something different? Not Michael Bush. My name is Dan. Sorry for the confusion.
Look, we all know teens are getting it on. What we didn’t know was that pre-teens are also getting it on in shockingly-large numbers — and without condoms. You would think the terror of first-time sex would translate to fear of getting someone pregnant, but no. Thankfully, and perhaps disturbingly, a Swiss firm is pushing mini-condoms on Europe’s 12 and up set. Dubbed the Hotshot, the prophylactic was developed in response to a study that indicated young teens were regularly engaging in unprotected sex. "The result that shocked us concerned young boys who display apparently risky behaviour," said Nancy Bodmer, who oversaw the research for the study at the Center for Development and Personality Psychology at Basel University in Switzerland. "They have more of a tendency not to protect themselves," she said, adding that because of their young age, they also do not know much about sexuality. [Daily News] Of course, the super-small condoms could serve other purposes, as well, like an anonymous birthday present to all of your selfish ex-boyfriends.
The 49ers made the transaction official Monday. A team source confirmed to Rapoport that Smith has indeed checked into rehab, as he was ineligible to be placed on NFI until he did so. Rapoport reports, per a team source, that Smith is expected to miss a month or so. The team only will bring him back when the doctors clear him. There is no minimum amount of time that Smith must stay on the NFI list. He can be activated as soon as he's deemed ready. The 49ers do not have to pay Smith his salary while he's on the NFI list. Rapoport notes it's uncertain if they will. "Aldon Smith is taking a leave of absence to address a personal matter," general manager Trent Baalke said in a statement. "The 49ers' organization both respects and supports Aldon's decision and commends him for taking responsibility for his actions. The long-term well-being of our players is paramount and we will stand by Aldon as he works toward addressing this issue." Smith was arrested on suspicion of DUI last Friday, his second such charge in the past two years. He reportedly also was stabbed at a house party he hosted in June 2012. A league source tells Rapoport that Smith should expect to be suspended, since it's his second DUI. That decision will come after the case is settled. Smith also might be fined. A 49ers defense that has surrendered 84 points through three games will be without its best pass rusher indefinitely. It's a small price to pay as long as Smith takes his rehab seriously enough to prevent his promising career from spinning out of control.
I suspect most of us who identify as humans employ a variety of coping mechanisms just to get through the four letter word called life. Over the course of almost half a century now, I have used different coping methods and have relied heavily on several during exceedingly difficult times in my life. I talk about, and try to live my life through, a lens of social justice. This piece has no judgment but does hope to make space for how we each try to make it through trying times. In 1996 I had seen the A&E adaptation of Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice. Now I must confess, during difficult times I would read and re-read Pride and Prejudice. When I saw this seminal film version of a most beloved novel, I knew I was home. Through the next several years, I would put the VHS tape in and watch this movie ad nauseam to soothe and console me. I so saw myself as Elizabeth Bennett played by the amazing Jennifer Ehle. It truly was my drug of choice. I was grateful to discover that I had a partner in crime, for my dear friend Bethie was equally addicted. Years later, when I was feeling blue and down out, I found that I would keep re-reading the third Harry Potter novel. In fact, in 2003 when I was working on an NEH grant, I was reading the fifth Harry Potter novel. Upon finishing it, I asked my husband to mail me Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban as a tonic. A while ago, I was at work — I do diversity/inclusion and racial equity workshops while also teaching social work. I was confronted by a white man in a workshop who was doing some posturing and asked “so what do you think about the gay agenda and should we also accept the pedophile agenda?” I have been doing these types of workshops for many many years now and rarely do I feel as though I have had the wind knocked out of me, but wow — I felt the severe punch. All I could say was: “I’m not sure I understand the question, or if there is a question?” I try to meet everyone where they are at on their respective journeys and I have to keep in mind that one cannot force someone to be where they are not. I also have to keep in mind that for those of us doing work around issues of diversity and inclusion there will always be an acceptable amount of trauma. That being said, when I finally got home, I knew I was going to self-medicate. I told my husband what happened, made myself a martini, and yes, we watched Pride and Prejudice. As I write this, I am keenly aware of my own position of privilege and am also grateful that how we treat people with addictions looks much better than it did just 15 years ago. I’m grateful there are harm reduction models available and I hope we will continue to rely less and less on shame and blame. I also hope we continue to look at addiction and intersectionality. Are targeted groups more likely to rely on substances and if so, how do we change systems to create an equitable society and culture? As we do this hard, important work and move together through the complicated journey of life, I hope everyone has as safe and reliable a drug of choice as my freedom to escape into the world of Miss Eliza Bennett.
Carowinds' tallest ride strands passengers again Published: Monday, July 29, 2013 at 1:16 p.m. Last Modified: Monday, July 29, 2013 at 1:16 p.m. CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — The tallest ride at Carowinds malfunctioned again, stranding 64 passengers high above the amusement park for more than an hour. Carowinds says no one was injured when the WindSeeker malfunctioned Sunday afternoon. It was expected to reopen Monday. Officials at the park on the North Carolina-South Carolina state line say a sensor malfunctioned, activating the ride's safety system as riders began to ascend the tower. The ride similarly malfunctioned in July 2012, when 25 riders were suspended off the ground for nearly three hours. The Windseeker, designed by Dutch-based Mondial, is a swing ride that takes people 300 feet in the air and twirls them at up to a 45-degree angle, at up to 30 mph, for about 60 seconds. The ride has had problems at other parks too. Last September, Carowinds' parent company, Cedar Fair, temporarily shut down the WindSeeker at six of its amusement parks in the United States and Canada. Other than Carowinds, it had also malfunctioned at Cedar Point in Ohio and Knotts Berry Farm in California. No serious injuries have occurred. Operations resumed after an investigation. Cedar Fair says the ride's safety system activated "for various reasons at various locations." On Sunday, Logan Parce, 24, said the WindSeeker was the first ride he and some friends tried. He said the ride slowed, then stopped. After the accompanying music also stopped, a voice came over a loudspeaker saying technicians were working on the problem. "Everyone was dealing with the situation in a different way," Parce told The Charlotte Observer (http://bit.ly/13nFpVz ). "Some people were making jokes. A couple people were freaking out. One kid got sick and threw up." Chris Melton said he watched his 11-year-old from below. "It was a little emotional," he said. "My kid's up there. I wanted them to get him down." But he said his son was fine afterward. "He said 'That was awesome. I wouldn't want to that again, but that was awesome,'" Melton said. Other Cedar Fair parks with the WindSeeker are Kings Island in Ohio, Kings Dominion in Virginia and Canada's Wonderland in Ontario, Canada.
Texas-based Genband, in the business of communications services for carriers, announced Thursday it was picking up Fring's Internet-based mobile Over the Top (OTT) communications service. Genband, in this deal, fattens its cloud portfolio for the consumer market. Israel-based Fring has enjoyed status as having helped to change the way consumers communicate on the go. Fring got an early start in the business of mobile messaging and video applications for mobile phones. As such, the company was one of the very first to offer OTT services, though outdistanced by big competitors. According to Fring, it nevertheless grew a community of "tens of millions" of users across 200 countries. Its services can be used with all major smartphones and tablets including iPhones and Android devices, on any mobile operator, and any mobile Internet connection. In the most fundamental terms, what Genband gets out of the deal is the ability to showcase these types of services. Integrating Fring solutions means Genband can tell service providers and network operators, who need to evolve their communications services rapidly to ensure that they stay relevant and competitive, that they can now compete more effectively. In saying that Genband snapped up Fring, snap appears to be an appropriate verb. Quick Action in Large Fonts Genband CEO David Walsh blogged that as "the heaps of fallen technology giants illustrate, inaction is a recipe for failure." He said technology and telecommunications industries "are littered with cautionary tales of innovative companies surrendering market dominance due to their inability to react quickly enough" to new competitive forces. It did not take Nostradamus, he added, "to see that more and more consumers are turning to the Web -- the so-called OTT or Over-the-Top community -- as a viable option for much of their real-time communications and messaging." Actually, he said, with the "writing on the wall inscribed in large font, it's clear that network operators of all types need to respond in some manner to this OTT threat by incorporating a Web-based communications offering into their service portfolio." Genband's assessment of the market is that the growing penetration of smartphones and affordable data plans has set the stage for a range of OTT communications solutions that allow free messaging, voice and video calls from anywhere, and this has brought a negative impact on revenues of service providers. Now service providers can embrace this new technology and quickly launch a service of their own. Roy Timor-Rousso, CEO of Fring, said that after early successes licensing solutions to a number of wireless and other carriers, Fring recognized the power of combining with Genband. Timor-Rousso called carrier services Fring's growth engine. Commenting on the acquisition, Brian Partridge, vice president of Yankee Group Research, said, "The reality for service providers moving forward is that their relevance is highly dependent on the quality of experience and choices they can deliver to their subscribers." Partridge said service providers around the world, especially in Europe where roaming charges are high, must evolve their communications services rapidly to make sure they stay "relevant and competitive against disruptive OTT offerings while complementing and enhancing their existing services."
De Soto Seat Pad NarrowItem #DSW184 VIP, All Your Benefits Apply! De Soto Seat Pad Narrow :: When, during a triathlon, do you need extra padding on the seat of your shorts? When you are on the bike, of course...and then only when you are seated, right? Our Lycra® covered Neoprene Seat Pad is the perfect solution! Features & Benefits: Your Help Is Here Shop with confidence knowing your team of Fit Experts is waiting to answer all your questions. You can always find your perfect product and your perfect fit. Your Road Runner Sports Fit Experts will make sure you get exactly what you want and have tons of fun in the process! Give us a call, chat, or email! Call 800-743-3206 to You May Also Like More Related Products Wilderness Binoculars 10x25 :: Rugged waterproof binoculars with multi-coated optics in a green housing. Fogproof, with BAK4 roof prisms with ... Rainforest Pro Binoculars 10x32 :: Professional binoculars with fully multi-coated optics and phase coatings. Waterproof and fogproof with BAK4 roof ... Barska® 10X42 Blackhawk WP Binoculars :: 10x42 WP Blackhawk Binoculars by Barska, New diamond cut grip, fully coated optics, compact ...
One of the neat things about living in a big city is having a museum district. Houston has a real nice Natural Science Museum, which I have visited several times. The basic part of the museum is cool, and they usually have special exhibits come in throughout the year. In 2009, I had a chance to see Leonardo, the mummified dinosaur. It was like without a doubt, the coolest thing I have ever seen at a museum. A few months ago, I saw a billboard driving into Houston advertising a new exhibit at the Houston Health Museum — Star Wars: Where Science Meets Imagination. I looked it up online that night and read up on the exhibit. It featured a bunch of actual props, costumes and models from the six Star Wars movies. It also had displays and videos saying if the technology in the movies would be possible with today’s science. The exhibit was only going to be up for three months, so I needed to get up there by the middle of September. I figured I would drag Yeh-Peu-Dah up there at some point. However, Tuesday I found myself with a few hours to kill in the afternoon. I decided to make the venture up to the museum with my camera and enjoy the exhibit. It turned out to be pretty awesome. For $20, I got to see a ton of Star Wars stuff I grew up seeing in the movies. I also wanted to be a special f/x artist when I was younger, so seeing all the miniatures used for the film was fantastic to me. I paid the extra $5 for the Millennium Falcon experience. It was pitched as some kind of adventure in a replica cockpit of the ship, but it turned out to just be a film about the universe. Kind of dull. I know some of my readers are Star Wars nerds like me, so I took plenty of photos for a slide show. Hope you enjoy it! • High school football season starts this week. I’m excited. I’ll still be covering a lot of my old teams for radio, so that is going to be fun. Not sure if there is a Galveston County team that can win state, but I think La Marque and Clear Springs can make a nice run to Dallas. • It’s still f-ing hot out here…and it could get hotter. Blah. • There have been some weird traffic jams in Houston, but never due to bull semen. Sorry Nashville drivers. • Finally, if you haven’t seen this way to catch crooks in Alabama, you have to check it out. Do I still get the tickets? Bear Down and Keep the Faith!
So there I was heading out the gate of our allotment site this morning on my way to work... Was perfectly prepared to keep my chippy hippie preferences to myself, when I was stopped by the sight of two perfect poppy heads, and the repressed thought burst out unbidded: I saw almost nothing at Chelsea this week which compared. Across from these two Georgia O'Keeffe living sculptures sat a pot of fat richly coloured flag irises. Barely three feet away, John Teevan's flower-strewn allotment where lemon-jelly California poppies sway surrounded by casually contrasting colours. On the other side, a host of alliums nestling under an apple tree. Just a two-minute snapshot of a typical allotment to be found all over the country. I'd give them all gold medals. Any award-winning flowers near you?
My son is 15. He has played football for the past 4 years and recently took up boxing. He started running on the treadmill to train for boxing and liked it. I took him with me to the local trail, strapped the gps on his wrist and sent him out for 3 miles. His first time out his pace was 7:17. The second time, having a better feel for what he was up against he ran at 6:56 pace. The trail is relatively flat. He has run on the treadmill to get in shape for boxing but was not really focusing on improving speed. He has elevated the treadmill some what but I wouldn't compare it to running hills on the road. Anyway, with proper training I'm hoping that he could manage a sub 20 minute 5k and be able to compete on the HS cross country team his jr and sr year. He is going to stick with football this year and then plans on focusing on boxing and running. He plans on entering in local 5ks. At about a 7:00 pace starting point, how much improvement can he expect? What are some of the best training programs for teenage cross country runners? ACTIVE is the leader in online event registrations from 5k running races and marathons to softball leagues and local events. ACTIVE also makes it easy to learn and prepare for all the things you love to do with expert resources, training plans and fitness calculators.
Well the panel jam is over. It ended. The serial kind of just faded out. Oh well... at least you can read everybody else's comics. Except Pauly, because he doesn't update anymore. ...Scrubbo kind of stopped too. And Trout.. Uhh.. you can read my comic.<P>------------------ Oy! You there! Look! <A HREF="http://sjhftac.keenspace.com/" TARGET=_blank>Super Joe's Happy Fun Time Adventure Comics</A> are waiting for you! <A HREF="http://jwalkin.keenspace.com/" TARGET=_blank>J-Walkin'</A> smells cool! <A HREF="http://comicollage.keenspace.com/" TARGET=_blank>Comicollage</A> shows you that... It shows you nothing! <A HREF="http://spoon.keenspace.com/" TARGET=_blank>Spoon on High</A> featuring Fire On The Mountian. But only on Sundays. <A HREF="http://www.fourtoontellers.com" TARGET=_blank>The Four Toon Tellers</A> is the last of these links. Big whoop! "You're fast becoming the Don Juan of the 'Space, Joe!" says Damonk. So you know it's true!
Tizzle: 4-for-5, 2 HR!, 3 RBI. In both games, the White Sox starter breezed through the first three innings, but in the second time through the lineup, the Red Sox pounced. Boston scored a total of 9 fourth-inning runs today. Also: It's 11 PM as I type this and the MFY-Tigers are close to starting. Curt Schilling (4.25, 106 ERA+) / John Danks (5.30, 86 ERA+) The East lead is 5.5. Magic #: 30. In Detroit, it's Fat Billy / Andrew Miller at 7 PM.
San Ramon Youth Resource Program (925) 973-3350 A great program which promotes viable life skills among young people in our community through recreation activities, community service opportunities, counseling programs, and skill development at San Ramon high schools. Discovery Counseling Center (925) 837-0505 Community based mental health and substance abuse organization serving children, youth and adults, providing group, couple and family therapy, and prevention education programs. Did you want to find a way to get involved in helping our schools? This is a great web site that highlights community events in the area and ways you can help! There's no greater feeling than giving back to your community. Check out this site and find ways to help others. Great parent education opportunities and events for everyone to enjoy! Please check it out! Find out about classes and projects going on in San Ramon! Guides are updated and offered each season. Contra Costa Crisis Center (800) 273-TALK (8255) They offer five amazing county-wide programs that help families with major ordeals such as homelessness, youth violence, and grief. Great resources available to families in need. PFLAG - Danville/San Ramon Valley Chapter of Parents, Families, and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (925) 838-8632 or e-mail at firstname.lastname@example.org
Can't go wrong with stories that combine monkeys and robots. "In other words, the Leave-Obama-Alone protestations posted by Sullivan are fairly representative of the genre. How far we've fallen from the declaration of Thomas Jefferson: 'In questions of power, then, let no more be heard of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution.' With regard to many of the above-referenced criticisms -- as well as ones I haven't included -- there are reasonable disputes over the validity of the critiques, and many Obama defenders voice those on substantive grounds. Obama admirers like the ones featured above are a minority, albeit a vocal one. But far too many have an emotional attachment to him and investment in him that is deeply unhealthy, particularly when it translates into intolerance for the very act of objecting to his decisions and policies, as one sees on vivid display in the responses Sullivan posted." "Many human languages achieve great diversity by combining basic words into compound ones - German is a classic example of this. We're not the only species that does this. Campbell's monkeys have just six basic types of calls but they have combined them into one of the richest and most sophisticated of animal vocabularies."
Timer master is a simple and efficient timer app. It provides a fast and effective way to set a time and start the timer. It works with a color disk which gradually gets smaller as the time elapses, creating an easy visual reference for the passage of time. It enables you to see at a glance how much time is left without losing focus on whatever you doing. What's My Heart Rate allows you to measure your heart rate by just looking at your screen. It's easy and convenient, without the need to press your finger on your camera lens. Your heartbeat causes micro color changes on your face. What's My Heart Rate uses the front camera and a software algorithm to detect these micro changes, with beat-to-beat accuracy. The algorithm is based on the non-contact photoplethysmography concept. Serv-U is a powerful and easy-to-use file server which supports the FTP, HTTP, and SFTP (via SSH2) protocols to ensure maximum compatibility with the widest range of transfer client software. It supports SSL encryption, provides a Web-based interface to allow administrators to remotely access and configure the file server, includes a built-in transfer client to allow users to upload and download files from their Web browsers, provides photo sharing capabilities, integrates with Active Directory (providing levels of security based on Organizational Units), and can be accessed and administered in 13 different languages simply by choosing an appropriate language upon login. Jitsi (formerly SIP Communicator) is an audio/video and chat communicator that supports protocols such as SIP, XMPP/Jabber, AIM/ICQ, Windows Live, Yahoo!, Bonjour, and many other useful features. It is currently the most feature rich Internet Communicator, and is the only one to provide encrypted audio/video calls, desktop streaming and sharing, and chat on Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux with both the SIP and XMPP protocols. KMid2 plays MIDI and karaoke files to hardware MIDI devices or software synthesizers. It supports playlists, MIDI mappers, tempo (speed) control, volume and pitch (transpose) controls, and configurable character encoding, font, and color for lyrics. The graphic views include a rhythm view (visual metronome), a channels window with solo/muting controls and instrument selectors, and a piano player window (pianola). elRTE is a WYSIWYG HTML editor for the Web written using jQuery. It features rich text editing, options for changing its appearance and style, insertion and management of various HTML elements with formatting (images, tables, lists, etc.), support for viewing and editing HTML code, and normal and full-screen modes.
This is a stub page for Haskell's OpenGL and GLUT bindings. It is meant as a starting point to replace the outdated and misleading documentation at the old page. First, note that the implementation is far more up-to-date than that old page suggested (originally, it was quite useful, but the page hasn't kept up with the implementation for a long time now). In particular, note that the examples/ directory in the GLUT repo contains lots of examples, including translations of the red book examples. Both the API documentation and the examples are best studied with the original specs and the original red book examples at hand. An index of the examples from v1.1 of the red book, with screen shots, can be found here 2 Projects using the OpenGL bindings - Endless Cavern, a 2D procedurally-generated exploration game. - Frag, a 3D first-person shooter game. - Monadius, a 2D scrolling arcade game. - Roguestar, a roguelike adventure game using 3D graphics. - Shu-thing, a 2D scroling arcade game. - Topkata, a jumping ball puzzle game. - PolyFunViz, a toolkit for scientific visualization (e.g. surfaces, flows, contours, volumes) 3 HOpenGL Resources - OpenGLTutorial1 and OpenGLTutorial2 - Beautiful Code, Compelling Evidence: Functional Programming for Information Visualization and Visual Analytics - Writing visualizations using OpenGL or Cairo (PDF) - Andre Furtado's nice tutorial written in 2001 (bitrotted) - Spriting with HOpenGL, David Morra 4 OpenGL Resources - OpenGL FAQ and Toubleshooting Guide Assumes some knowledge of OpenGL. Good for those who have written something but want to avoid common pitfalls. 5 Getting Started - Windows users can read how to install OpenGL in the blog article freeglut + Windows + HOpenGL + HGLUT - assuming you know Haskell, any OpenGL tutorial of your choice should get you going (browsing the OpenGL site is also a good idea) - use the Red Book, and its example code translations, to understand the small differences between OpenGL and HOpenGL - use the OpenGL and GLUT specs to find your way around the HOpenGL Haddock documentation - use the HopenGL list for questions and success stories 6 Additional software - FTGL: Portable TrueType font rendering for OpenGL using the Freetype2 library - GLFW: A binding for GLFW, An OpenGL Framework - GLUT: A binding for the OpenGL Utility Toolkit - graphics-drawingcombinators: A functional interface to 2D drawing in OpenGL Somewhat related is SDL, which is also based on OpenGL: - SDL: Binding to libSDL - SDL-gfx: Binding to libSDL_gfx - SDL-image: Binding to libSDL_image - SDL-mixer: Binding to libSDL_mixer - SDL-mpeg: Binding to the SMPEG library - SDL-ttf: Binding to libSDL_ttf To add sound to OpenGL applications: - OpenAL: A binding to the OpenAL cross-platform 3D audio API - ALUT: A binding for the OpenAL Utility Toolkit 7.1 I can't display text with renderString It's probably because the text is displayed too big. Setting a much smaller scale factor before calling renderString should solve the problem. scale 0.001 0.001 (0.001∷GLfloat) renderString Roman "Test string" 7.2 Animations flicker If you're not using DoubleBuffered display mode, turn that on. Also, you must set the display mode before creating the window you're going to be drawing in. To check if you've enabled double buffering use something like: db <- get doubleBuffered and set DoubleBuffered mode (before creating your windows!) like this: initialDisplayMode $= [DoubleBuffered] createWindow "My Window"
Mark Zuckerman, the excellent Nationals beat writer recently laid off by The Washington Times, is asking for our help to send him to Viera to cover the Nationals this spring training on his new site, Nats Insider. Mark is generously saying all he needs is a measly $5,000 to cover the team in spring training for six weeks. But he needs our help to get it done. If you have enough disposable income to pay $7 for a lousy beer at Nationals Park, you have enough to kick in at least $100. Click here to give now and prove that you aren't a lousy cheap bum like Ted Lerner: Or, check out Mark's post here and give from the link on his page (which is the same). Nationals fans NEED Mark in Viera. The Nationals are on the verge of becoming the first team in MLB ever to have no independent, full-time reporters covering the team. All the MASN TV and radio guys work for the team. Bill Ladson works for the team. Chico Harlan, god bless him, is going to chew his arm off if the Post doesn't take him off the Nationals beat soon. And it's been reported that the Post won't hire from outside because of budget cuts dictated by corporate higher ups, so we're seriously looking at a season with one WaPo paid intern total covering the team. For average fans who just want some basic coverage of the team, nevermind an occasional scoop, this is really a crisis situation. Why did it take a week for anyone to report that Chris Duncan had been signed? Why doesn't anyone at the Post have more than 20 months of perspective on the history of this team? (Boswell doesn't count, since he covers the stadium, not the team.) Why was the Smiley Gonzalez story missed for so long? Why are 90% of the news stories covering the team this winter totally fact-less speculation about how the team is "interested" in this guy or that guy whom we never hear about again? And it's not just the lack of quality content that we're talking about. With no one covering the team in an independent, professional way, Kasten and Lerner will just keep doing what they're doing--putting out a crappy product and pocketing the revenue-sharing money and the revenue from their taxpayer-funded cash cow stadium. If the Nationals are ever going to get better, we need a watchdog media to keep them honest. It's time for Nationals fans to stop complaining about the coverage of the team and step up. Mark is basically volunteering to do the incredibly hard work of a full-time beat reporter for below cost. He's a proven professional, and you know you're going to get a quality product (unlike all the other money we as fans spend on the Nationals). Now, if you're assuming that someone else is going to pay, and Mark's going to do this anyway, you're WRONG. I've spoken to Mark about this, and I promise you, if we don't kick in the $5,000, he's not going, and we're going to be stuck with Hamburgler Ladson and Lame Duck Chico. But really, just think, if every person who comes to FJB today kicks in JUST TENS DOLLARS, he'll hit his goal today. But guess what--that's not happening. Because most people ARE cheaper than Ted Lerner. Most people are free-loaders. Don't be one of them. And Mark knows who's given and who hasn't, so all you regular commenters, don't think you can pretend you gave and get away with lying. JayBee, ABM, all y'all... we'll know if you're the deadbeat. So take a second and donate now. Please. As fans, we desperately want more reporting on this team, and it's clear we're not going to get it unless we step up. Click here now:
Austin Groups For The Elderly Rating: 4.5 stars 10 10 reviews 3710 Cedar St Box 2 Austin TX 78705 USA At AGE, we empower caregivers, the elderly and their families through education, advocacy, resources and support. Filter Reviews by Role Promote This Nonprofit Reviews for Austin Groups For The Elderly Get discovered. Invite people to share their experiences about this nonprofit!
Sveum conceded it was one of the Brewers' worst at-bats of the year. "The thing about Corey is he's probably got the whole top 10," Sveum said. "Corey knows that. He knows what he is, and I'm not saying anything behind his back. We have running jokes about his approach to hitting. He's a poor man's Vlad Guerrero." Guerrero is the famously free-swinging Angels superstar. "He's ready to hit," Sveum said of Hart, who swung at more first pitches this season than any other Major Leaguer. "That's the easiest way to put it. He's ready to hit every pitch. He ain't guessing. That's what makes him good, and sometimes he struggles with that approach." Hart struggled for much of the second half. He was voted to the National League All-Star team by fans after hitting .289 with 15 home runs and 58 RBIs, then batted .239 after the break with five homers and 33 RBIs in about 100 fewer at-bats. Hart was no eager to discuss his at-bat against Wuertz. "I don't like to look back at something like that," Hart said before batting practice on Wednesday. "Let's look forward." Hart went 1-for-4 in the Brewers' Game 1 loss, singling off Cole Hamels in the fifth inning for Milwaukee's first hit. But Hart missed a key opportunity in the ninth, when the Brewers scored their only run and moved runners to second and third base against Phillies closer Brad Lidge. The tying run was in scoring position and Hart represented the go-ahead tally, but he struck out to end the 3-1 loss. Sveum believes hitters like Hart can snap out of slumps easier because they are always swinging away. He also believes Hart's personality is prone to a bounce-back. "He's from the Appalachian Mountains, but you would think he's Spicoli from Fast Times at Ridgemont High," said Sveum, who was full of references on Wednesday. Actor Sean Penn played unflappable surfer dude Jeff Spicoli in the 1982 film, which was released five months after Hart was born. Might the two-day break have helped Hart? "It can't hurt," Sveum said.
Ryan Braun cleared, chain of custody is decisive Phoenix - Ryan Braun made major-league history Thursday, the kind that left the National League's most valuable player as well as the Milwaukee Brewers ecstatic, but Major League Baseball officials openly disturbed. Braun, 28, became the first major-league player to have a positive drug test overturned on appeal when he was informed that a three-man arbitration panel ruled against a 50-game suspension that would have begun on opening day. Independent arbitrator Shyam Das cast the decisive vote on what became a chain-of-custody issue. "I am very pleased and relieved by today's decision," Braun said in a statement. "It is the first step in restoring my good name and reputation. We were able to get through this because I am innocent and the truth is on our side." The verdict not only removed a tremendous burden from Braun but provided a huge boost for the Brewers, already coping with the loss of slugger Prince Fielder to free agency. Had Braun also been lost for nearly a third of the season, few baseball people gave the team much of a chance to repeat as National League Central Division champions. Braun will report to the Brewers' spring training camp on time Friday and will participate in a noon (Milwaukee time) news conference to further discuss what became one of the most convoluted and controversial cases in the short history of the MLB drug program. Das ruled in Braun's favor because of a chain-of-custody dispute that occurred after his urine sample was taken during an early October drug test. People familiar with the details said the sample was not dropped off that day at FedEx to be sent to the MLB testing lab in Montreal because the collector thought it was too late and the shipping company was closed. Instead, the collector kept the sample, and perhaps others, refrigerated at home for two days before making the shipment. Though the seals on the samples were unbroken upon arriving at the lab, that lapse in protocol became the crux of the hearing in which Braun's side contested the validity of the test itself. The MLB drug policy states that "absent unusual circumstances, the specimens should be sent by FedEx to the laboratory on the same day they are collected." The policy goes on to say, "If the specimen is not immediately prepared for shipment, the collector shall ensure that it is appropriately safeguarded during temporary storage. The collector must keep the chain of custody intact. The collector must store the samples in a cool and secure location." MLB officials argued that despite the delay in shipping, the collector did keep the chain of custody intact and store the samples in the proper environment. Das thought there was room for error in the process, however, and ruled accordingly. As is customary in arbitration drug appeals, Major League Baseball Players Association Executive Director Michael Weiner voted in favor of the player, and Rob Manfred, MLB executive vice president of labor relations, voted to uphold the test result. That left the decisive vote to Das, a longtime independent arbitrator for MLB. MLB officials were so disappointed with Das' decision that they issued a statement in protest that read in part: "As a part of our drug testing program, the Commissioner's Office and the Players Association agreed to a neutral third party review for instances that are under dispute. While we have always respected that process, Major League Baseball vehemently disagrees with the decision rendered today by arbitrator Shyam Das." While MLB officials considered Braun's exoneration to be based strictly on a technicality, the player's side did not see it that way. Because of the delay in shipping, they considered the chain of custody broken and therefore the test itself to be invalid. They argued that Braun's sample could have been tainted by the time lapse and also questioned if the positive test actually was his sample. The test result showed an unusually high level of synthetic testosterone, though the substance that triggered it has not been revealed. Braun's lawyer, David Cornwell, argued at the hearing that his client never had tested positive in five years in the majors and that the high testosterone level itself was suspicious. Still, it came down to the delayed shipment and chain of custody, points that will be debated throughout baseball for some time to come while also raising questions about the integrity of the drug-testing program itself. "I can't really react to how (MLB officials) feel because I don't know the details of the whole process and everything," said Brewers general manager Doug Melvin, informed of the decision while at his office at Maryvale Baseball Park. "I can't say I'm not surprised. . . . The role I have with this organization, this ballclub, I'm happy that Ryan Braun's going to be putting on a uniform and getting ready for opening day instead of June. "We will get back to normal. We have to. You close the book to this. I know it's going to be a story for a number of days; that's expected. But from our standpoint, from (manager) Ron Roenicke's standpoint . . . it'll be a lot more fun to address the entire clubhouse knowing this decision has come down." Brewers principal owner Mark Attanasio issued a statement later in the evening, saying, "Since joining our organization in 2005, Ryan Braun has been a model citizen and a person of character and integrity. . . . "I also want to reiterate my support for Major League Baseball's strict substance testing program. It is unfortunate that the confidentiality of the program was compromised, and we thank our fans and everyone who supported Ryan and did not rush to judgment." The drug-testing process, which is administered jointly by MLB and the players union, is supposed to be confidential, but word of Braun's positive test leaked to ESPN, which reported it in early December. Braun immediately said he was wronged, sending a text to the Journal Sentinel that said: "This is B.S. I'm completely innocent." The dates of Braun's arbitration hearing, Jan. 19-20, also leaked out, starting the clock publicly on the decision. The drug policy asks that the panel make every effort to render its verdict within 25 days, but five weeks passed before it came down, a testament to the complexity of the case. People familiar with the history of the drug program said 12 players previously appealed positive tests without success. By design, MLB would not announce a successful appeal because of the supposed confidentiality of the program. That left it to the players union to release a statement at 4:10 p.m. CST saying Braun had won his appeal: "Under the Joint Drug Agreement, a player's successful challenge to a suspension normally would not have been made public. The parties have agreed, given the particulars of this case, that an announcement is appropriate." Shortly afterward, Braun released his lengthy statement. "We provided complete cooperation throughout, despite the highly unusual circumstances," said Braun. "I have been an open book, willing to share details from every aspect of my life as part of this investigation, because I have nothing to hide. I have passed over 25 drug tests in my career, including at least three in the past year. "I would like to thank my family and friends, my teammates, the Brewers organization led by Mark Attanasio, Doug Melvin, Gord Ash and Ron Roenicke, and other players around the league who have expressed their support and our great fans in Milwaukee and around the country who stuck by me and did not rush to judgment. … "This is not just about one person, but about all current and future players, and thankfully, today the process worked." It will be up to Braun to provide as many additional details as he sees fit in his news conference Friday. But, having won the appeal, he can say as little as he pleases and merely maintain his innocence. It remains to be seen if the source of the leaks will be identified and if they compromise the drug program going forward. Players previously were unsuccessful in winning drug appeals because the burden of proof rests squarely on them in the hearings. The MLB drug policy has a "strict liability" provision in which players are not exonerated merely because they ingested a banned substance unknowingly. The agency that represents Braun, CAA Sports, hired Cornwell to present his case before the panel. Cornwell had defended other high-profile athletes in such matters, as well as in other legal entanglements. Shortly after taking the case, Cornwell issued a statement saying, "Any report that Ryan ingested a performance-enhancing drug is wrong." Cornwell limited his comments to that, and the Braun camp closely guarded its defense strategy before the hearing. Word leaked, however, that Cornwell would attack the test result on several fronts, which obviously included the chain of custody and collection process. Had Braun been suspended, there was debate over whether he should forfeit his MVP award. He received 20 of 32 first-place votes from the Baseball Writers Association of America after batting .332 with 33 home runs, 111 runs batted in, 109 runs scored and 33 stolen bases in 150 games. He led the league with a .597 slugging percentage. "As a general manager, you're pretty excited to know that we have one of the best players in the game, an MVP, back in the lineup," said Melvin. "To end the long wait; we started to get impatient. But we stayed patient with the entire process and let it run its course. "We've always supported Ryan. We support the drug program, too. We're supportive of both. I don't know anything about it other than my job and responsibility as a general manager is to put the best team on the field, and the decision allows me to do that."
|This post is brought to you by Simply Measured.| You have a great product, idea or service. You’ve invested in putting together a solid website. Social media marketing is important, so you have Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn accounts – maybe even a Tumblr account too. You know social sharing is a key element of success online, but you want the results of your efforts to improve. Follow these ten guidelines to use those social media channels to engage with customers and draw traffic like never before. 1. When – and how often – to share All Killer, No Filler We’re bringing Momentum to New York: our newest event, showcasing only the best speakers and startups. Think about how you interact with different types of content on the web. Unless you run across your dream customer/employer, you’re probably not poring over their tweets from months ago – or even last week. And what about how people interact with content that you post? After a couple days, that adorable picture of your kid/dog/car probably isn’t generating new ‘Likes’ on Facebook anymore – no matter how cute you know it is. Tweet often, as tweets have a short shelf-life. Facebook posts last somewhat longer, but similarly get lost in the shuffle after only 4-5 hours. Blog posts provided longer-lasting, searchable content – more on that later. In addition to how often, the question is when you should post. People tend to associate Facebook with down-time or socializing, and they use it accordingly: lunch hours and afternoon lulls are good, evenings are better, and weekends are the best (if your definition of weekend doesn’t include Thursday and Friday nights, it totally should). Twitter provides a revolutionary form of news consumption – personal, social, topical, scatalogical. Engagement mimics how people consume other news sources, spiking when people typically commute, take breaks from work, and go home for the evening. While there are best practices for each social platform, you’ll be best served by experimenting with what works best for your social networks. Diving into social analytics information gives you answers for your specific readership. Services like Tweriod, ManageFlitter and Buffer + Followerwonk give you the data and the tools to tailor your posting times for optimal reach. Get to know the unique blend of needs, habits and personalities that typify your customers, and share content on a timetable that encourages them to interact. Best practices for a knitting needle company and a designer vodka will look quite different, regardless of where on the web you’re posting. 2. Use the limited space of social postings effectively Engagement, content, and a call to action – all in as little space as possible. That’s the game with social sharing. Twitter made brevity the hallmark of its platform, but Facebook users also reward character conservation: posts under 80 characters get 66% more engagement. You want customers to do something with what you share – you want them to act and continue the viral spread of your content. Opportunities for action and engagement include questions, contests, requests (“please RT”), hashtags, and even a simple link. Give your customers a way to interact productively without ever leaving your post. Unless you want them to leave for a particular destination; then send them there. Either way, tell people – clearly, invitingly and with personality – what you want them to do. Dan Zarella at Hubspot has ample research showing that specific calls to “comment,” “share,” and “retweet” posts produce exactly the desired effect, increasing the requested engagement by as much as 100%. A visitor to a social site or your website only spends milliseconds deciding if they want to respond to your content. Make this decision an easy one. 3. Maximize the size and visibility of your posts If eyeball attention and space are so precious on social media, than any way to claim additional real estate must be incredibly valuable. It is. Facebook continues to tinker with its News Feed formula and presentation. Recently, it has expanded the space given to a link preview post, from 154×154 pixels to now displaying previews x3.5 times larger. This has turned the previous best-practice of sharing photos with commented links on its head. Preliminary research shows that these new link-preview posts dominate photos on engagement metrics. Considering that clicking on the picture, link or caption all direct readers to your linked website, this is no surprise. Don’t send your customers clicking away to a jpeg – post links and send them to your site. Either way, the value of including images in posts in undeniable: posts with images receive almost 40% more interaction than those without. This holds true on Twitter as well: images make up 20% more of the links on Twitter than the next-closest content type, and they similarly dominate engagement stats. 4. Get to know your customer Social sharing gives you the chance to say whatever you want, to the entire world. Do you want the world to know you’re out of milk? Or do you really want the audience that cares that you’re out of milk? Maybe you do, especially if you’re a Kardashian/Jenner spawn the public hasn’t had the fortune of meeting yet. Everyone is a brand now. From massive corporations to a lonely pre-teen, everyone has a personality and presence to cultivate online. Consider your audience when identifying popular social content to repost on your own social channels. It’s great that you’re interested in something you’ve seen online, but take a second to make sure it fits the tone and focus of your brand. How thoughtful would you be if you had to prepare a speech to give in front of 1,000 of your closest friends? Or 100,000 strangers? Pause that ‘RT’ click a second – is this post consistent with your overall message? Think backwards from your customer: is the person who will click on what you’re sharing a person you want visiting your site? Is that person going to be pleased to end up on your site? If you can answer ‘Yes’ to those 2 questions, share freely and prepare to welcome additional traffic to your site. Even if you’re not online to make money, it’s reasonable to call your audience ‘customers’. They’re spending their time, clicks, and advertising eyeballs on your content, so reward them with value in return. Use analytics tools to learn about your followers on each of your networks and track the performance of various styles of posts and types of content. 5. Benefits of (regular) blogging Your tweets will disappear, buried under a mountain of billions of fresher, sub-140 character messages. Any message on another medium is just that: not fully your own. Your blog benefits you in search, gives you a platform to become a reputable source, garners links to your work, and drives traffic directly where you want it: your website. Choose compelling images to accompany your posts. As with posts directly on social media platforms, this increases engagement and makes your content virally shareable on various networks. So, do it. Blog regularly. Current research indicates that blogging 15 or more times per month can increase traffic by 5X. Even if you’re a small organization, make this a part of someone’s job description. If you’re part of an even smaller enterprise, then find a way to make blogging work for you – the same research shows your business stands to benefit the most in terms of traffic increase. If you’re not already posting frequently, these numbers may seem daunting. Don’t worry, there are ample resources for blog post ideas. Post a weekly round-up of the most important news in your industry. Compose a How-To article related to the work you do, and shop it around to other content sites. Write a profile/review on a company you admire (maybe one you’re interested in working with/for), and link to their site. Share this on your social channels, also tagging their appropriate profiles. You get to associate with an established player in your industry. And maybe they’ll return the favor by sharing your work with their followers. Finally, remind your readers of the excellent content you’ve already created. Do a post highlighting your most engaging content of the month or build posts that reference some of your most successful previous pieces. Blog content is longer-lasting, but this is still the internet – it takes concerted effort to get your desired content onto your customers’ screens. Focus that effort on promoting your best work. |This post is brought to you by Simply Measured.| 6. Make your site share-friendly You’ve worked hard to build a functional, attractive website and publish meaningful content on your blog. Now, make sure people can find it – and easily notify their network of your good work. Make it as easy as possible for your customers to share your content. Sounds simple, but it works: websites displaying Twitter share buttons are linked to on Twitter 7X more than websites without sharing plugins. Add share buttons (links to share instantly on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc.) to your website and blog, and make them readily accessible. Some tools and plugins even make these buttons ‘float’ or follow the customer’s scroll. Beyond letting your customers share your content with their networks, these buttons provide a credibility-boosting ‘crowd’ of readership. You’re likely obsessing over the viewership analytics for your site, but your readers don’t get to see your growing numbers. But good versions of social sharing buttons display counters of how many times content has been shared. Would you be more likely to read an article that’s already been shared 12 or 1,200 times? And who hasn’t ‘Liked’ a post or two mainly because it already had a large number of Likes? Let your customers see how popular your content is, and give them the opportunity to make it more viral. 7. Make your social profiles represent you well Since you’re actively promoting and sharing your content through social channels, let’s make sure you’re funneling customers to and through well-polished extensions of your website. Complete, fleshed-out profiles convey legitimacy and professionalism, while also providing more information that could lead someone to your profile via search. Add links to your website and other profiles wherever the opportunity is provided. Once someone finds a profile of yours, make it seamless for them to discover your other online outlets. Turn a single view into a loyal fan or eager customer. Don’t restrict your social strategy to just Facebook and Twitter. Depending on your customers and who you’re hoping to interact with online, there are a myriad of smaller networks and forums where you can interact in a targeted manner. Google+ is oft-underutilized but immensely important, for its 90+ million users and its impact on SEO, funneling searchers to your site or business page. Services like Yelp, Pinterest, Tumblr, Foursquare, Goodreads, and even topic-specific forums may best get you in contact with your particular customer. Find where your customers are; make sure you’re there too. 8. Share and Share alike You’re reading this because you want to promote what you’re doing and boost your web traffic. That gives you something in common with just about everyone else using the Internet. Helping others meet their goals in social sharing ultimately furthers your message as well. Highlight resources, companies and persons that create value for the customers you want to meet and to serve. You can promote people whose promotion and reach you want, such as influential figures in your industry. Interview one of these people or invite them to guest blog on your website. Donald Trump may not show much interest in writing for your suburban real estate shop, but a realtor a few towns over, similarly successful as yourself, would likely be delighted to participate in such cross-promotion. And you build your own credibility by associating with relevant authorities online. When someone clicks a link from a post of yours to learn about someone you’re promoting, everyone wins – and you earn an invaluable vote of confidence. Online, trust is the most precious – and rare – of commodities. 9. Use groups to meet and interact with customers Either to identify niche pockets of customers or connect with segments you already know exist, social media provides a myriad of groups. Identify groups relevant to your customers on Google+ Circles, Facebook, LinkedIn, industry forums, or in other virtual settings like Twitter Lists. Make these groups work for you analytically as well, using them for A/B testing of changes you’re considering in content, style and presentation and tracking how these alterations play out with your customer base. Become a contributor to the discussions in these settings. Build trust in here, and you can interact with your customers like never before. Turn this group into a tribe that believes in what you’re doing, and you’ll enjoy the endless benefits of having like-minded people promoting your work and also sharing content that interests you. And don’t just show and tell – ask questions too. Ask your customers for their input and feedback. Get them in the habit of interacting with you, and show them you value their opinion. 10. Search Engine Optimization You’re probably not reading this for advice on how to challenge Anheuser-Busch’s Google PageRank on searches for “beer”. But you might be selling a craft Belgian-style amber ale that a beer aficionado would go crazy over. So, when you’re building page descriptions, post titles, and hashtags, choose those specific, long-tail keywords that bring in the customers you want – those that will be most excited to have found you. Let disinterested crowds get their “beer” elsewhere. Bonus: 11. Quality content This isn’t in addition to the ten strategies you read above – it comes before all of them. With all these strategies, there’s no substitute for making worthwhile products. A well-timed, expertly-linked, meaningless tweet is still just a meaningless tweet. If you want customers to find, engage with, and share your content, then give them something worth sharing. Did you like this content? Please be sure to pass it on.
- Home / Clock Gun Safe Options Clock Gun Safe Options If you are looking for a clock gun safe, you are not alone. Hiding or concealing a gun in a diversion clock is more common than I thought. Nonetheless, I doubt that most thieves would give any of the available clocks a second glance during the rush of a burglary. Because most of the clocks allow for easy access, you can get to it quickly if needed. Before we get to the clocks, I would strongly caution against using these safes if you have children (yours, or someone else’s) coming to your home. They offer no security other than blending in to the environment. Mantle Clock Safe Very attractive option. Looks great on a shelf, mantle, dresser or any other flat surface. The clock actually works, so all the better. The face drops down for easy access. A magnet secures the clock face, so there is no clasp or lock to fumble with under pressure. Only about $36. Wall Clock Gun Safe Maybe you want to mount the clock on the wall. With the mantle clock, it probably would not look good in the kitchen or other less formal space (e.g., workshop, hallway, etc.). The wall clock is a good choice and also an be mounted a little higher. This clock also works and the clock face swings open. Like the mantle option, it also has a magnetic closure, so no fumbling with a clasp. Reasonable price at approximately $40. Picture Gun Safe While this item is not a clock safe, you may want to consider it. Like the clock safes, the picture safe blends into your room nicely. It is much nicer than the other two items above and is actually a secure safe, so you could have it and have children in the house. It does open with a remote, so you will have to be careful where you place the remote. While it does have a lock it will not stop a determined thief, but this safe is a compromise between security and camouflage. The hope, like the clock safes, is that it would not be recognized for anything other than what it appears. If you do not like the photo included with the model, you can swap out another photo or painting.
Arts & Behavioral Sciences Bachelor of Arts (BA) Musical Theatre (for Music Majors) Musical Theatre (for Theatre Majors) The Department of Music offers professional caliber programs in modern facilities. The B.A. in Music provides a broad general education in the liberal arts combined with comprehensive music studies, with an emphasis in performance, which prepares students to undertake graduate study in music and pursue a career in music. Students receiving the B.A. in Music Education are eligible to apply for a Michigan teaching license in music, and to pursue teaching positions in K-12 general, vocal and instrumental music.
Bristol vs London Poetry Slam Bristol vs London Poetry Slam on Thursday 24 Sept 2009 at Hall 2, Colston Hall, Colston Street, Bristol BS1 5AR. 7.30pm start. Tickets Â£10. Four of Bristol's best performance poets will face off against four of London's most-happening spoken word artists. They will be judged by the audience's applause and a panel of judges. The Brother's Grim With special guest Matt Harvey ââ¦not only funny, but tender and true' (Guardian) The event is jollied along by Bristol's favourite slam hosts, Glenn Carmichael & Claire Williamson. Expect an entertaining evening of the best spoken word in Britain (it says here!). To book tickets: www.colstonhall.org, email@example.com, or 0117 922 3686
Thursday, October 6, 2011 [Comic title: Subliminal; alt text: Once you see it, you can't help seeing it every time. Until your body finishes metabolizing the mushrooms.] Randy would like you all to know that he tried mushrooms for the first time the other day, and it was a very strange experience. He saw all these things he doesn't know how to describe! It was very odd, because Randy is a genius with the written word and artistic expression both. He tried very hard to make a comic that was very funny and that encapsulated the "gist" of his experience, but, well, no one is perfect. Instead he drew a Dalek with two big round holes in it, and a guy catching a baseball, and a guy wearing a Guy Fawkes mask (who is apparently Guy Fawkes himself--it is a little known fact that the Guy Fawkes mask actually originates from the mask that Mr. Fawkes wore when he tried to blow up parliament) who apparently has had two great slashes carved from his skull. The result, if you squint, could read 'FedEx.' To make sure you got the joke, he even used the same colors. Being on mushrooms, Randy decided, was basically the same thing as lolrandom humor. But how would people know that he had done mushrooms, since he did a lot of lolrandom humor BEFORE he became a more enlightened human being??? Oh wait, he can just tell you, several times, that this is a joke about drugs (lol!!!!) because there is nothing like unnecessary text to beat you over the head with a point.
When we think of The Great Gatsby, we imagine the decadence and splendor of Jay Gatsby’s parties. If you’re in the business of trim and embellishments, you probably love tiny details. And if you haven’t been able to tell, we really, REALLY do. Especially ones that sparkle! Here are some images that got us completely inspired for our next DIY. These beautiful pastel dresses are so detailed. Look that the pearl embellishments on the mint green dress, and the beading on the lace of the pink dress! These bottles are a work of art! The etched glass is so detailed, and the amber whiskey really highlights the contrast. The ultimate flapper had to be Clara Bow. She was the “It” girl of the 1920s, a silent-film siren, and an enduring fashion icon. Check out that sultry stare! This beautiful black dress from ModCloth hits all the right jazz notes. We love the art deco design created by the trim and beading. Our Bridal department was tasked with tracking down a headband inspired by the one worn by Daisy Buchanan in Baz Luhrman’s The Great Gatsby. This one by Bernie of New York exceeded expectations! We were blown away by the serious shine of this headpiece. While we hope you enjoyed our inspiration roundup, you can never have enough sparkle! Visit our Great Gatsby Inspiration Page to see more trim befitting the most fabulous flapper! Last week we shared this street style snap of Miroslava Duma sporting an elaborate pearl headpiece, and we were so inspired that we decided to DIY our own! All we needed were some jewels and jewelry wire from M&J Trimming, and a bit of patience. Follow our steps below to make your own. 1. Cut a piece of wire that will fit around your head, plus a few inches. Begin threading the pearls onto the wire. 2. Add enough pearls so they fit perfectly around the circumference of your head. Tie the ends of the wire together to create a circle. Snip off any excess wire. This will be the base of your headpiece. 3. Cut a piece of wire that will go from the middle of your forehead to the middle of the back of your head, plus a few inches. Thread 10-15 oval jewels onto the wire. Tie the ends onto opposite sides of the pearl circle, so it divides the pearl circle in half. This strand will be the top of the headpiece. 4. Create another strand of about 10-15 oval jewels. Tie one end onto one of the spots where the other oval jewels are attached to the pearls. This will be the front of the headpiece. Tie the other end onto the pearls, a few inches from the back of the headpiece. You may want to try the headpiece on to decide exactly where you want to tie the jewels. Repeat this step with another strand of jewels, so you have one on each side. 5. Create two more strands of pearls. These will be hanging down from the headpiece, so each one should be an inch or two longer than half of the pearl circle. Attach one end of each strand to the front of the headpiece, and one end to the back. 6. Thread a small piece of wire through the triangle stone, then tie it to the front of the headpiece. Position your amazing new headpiece on your head and you’re all set! Not quite a headband, not quite a hat, a headpiece is our favorite way to add a bohemian vibe to an outfit. Ever since we spotted them on some of our style icons at Coachella, we have been searching for the best headpiece tutorials to follow. Here’s our top 5! 1. DIY Bohemian Chain Headpiece by All The Good Girls Go To Heaven 2. DIY Beach Boho Headpiece by P.S. I Made This 3. DIY Feather Headpiece by Wunderlust 4. DIY Ann Demeulemeester Feather Headpiece by Monoxious 5. DIY Headpiece Out of a Necklace by Oh So Pretty the Diaries How cool are these headpieces from the latest issue of Vision China? We’re especially loving the bejeweled cap – we would love to remake it with some sew-on jewels! We’re obsessing over the floral headpieces from this editorial in the Spring/Summer issue of Tar Magazine. They would be such a fun summer accessory, and you could easily recreate them with a bunch of flower pins and some ribbon. New DIY project, anyone? Halloween is right around the corner, if you don’t have time to buy a costume. Then why not make your own fun jewel encrusted head-piece. Its easy and fun, and you will definitely stand out. It’s a piece you can do at home at your own time, you don’t have to worry about waiting on those long lines in the costume stores anymore. - 20” of elastic sequence trim 4 row, Style # 34479 Royal - 6” of 1. 5 Single faced Satin ribbon, Style # 00299 Black - -Guinea Pad feather, Style # 43373 Royal (1.800.9.mjtrim) - Mallard Duck Pad Feather, Style # 42648 Navy - 24 x 17” Oval sew-on stone, Style # 40940 Crystal Satin - 18 x 10.5 ” Pear Sew-on Stone, Style # 27474 Crystal - 22mm Square Sew-on Stone, Style # 27476 Jet Hematite - 10 x 2” Navette Rhinestone with Setting, Style# 03911 Montana - 12 mm Sew-on Rhinestone, Style # 32016 Crystal - 1/8 yd of 3.25” Feather Fringe on Satin, Style # 30865 Black - 2” of 24mm Elastic Trim, Style # 41259 Black - Take the 6” piece of ribbon and face it upside down, you are going to fold the feather fringe and glue it in the middle of the satin ribbon. Glue the two ends of the satin ribbon in the middle after gluing the feathers. - Turn the feather and satin ribbon so that the glued part of the ribbon is facing down, take the big square sew-on and glue it in the middle of the satin ribbon. Take the large oval sew-on and glue it to the right of the large square sew-on. Take the round sew-on and glue it on the left side of the square sew-on. Then glue the small navette and glue it in between the round and square sew-on (on the bottom). Then take the pear-shaped sew-on and glue it in between the round and the square shape sew-on (on the top). - Turn the Jewel encrusted satin piece and turn it around. First glue the Mallard Duck pad feather to the satin ribbon. Then glue the Guinea pad feather on top of the mallard duck pad feather. (Glue it so both feather pad show) - Then glue the Feather piece to the sequence trim. Glue it so it’s a little to the side of your head. - Take the two inches of elastic and sew it on to both sides of the sequence trim. Fashion Headband Workshop July 12, 2009 To sign-up: 1-800-9-MJTRIM ext 377 Hi everyone. It looks like it’s time for another Headband workshop. The date is set for July 12th at 9am. If you’re interested in attending, please call 1-800-9-MJTRIM ext 377 to sign-up. Bring friends and family to enjoy this exciting workhsop. We’ll teach you all the cool tips and tricks to creating your own fashionable headband.
Hey everyone, Shawn here again. I’m dropping by the PS.Blog to let you know the Dyad Demo launches today! Yay! Mare Sheppard of Metanet Software, David Kanaga (Dyad’s composer) and I worked tirelessly through the night to create a new trailer announcing the launch of the demo. It’s a playful take on the first Dyad trailer and other game trailers. I got to star in my very own trailer; that’s pretty neat! I hope everyone has a good laugh, and yes, that’s my real hair! If the (overwhelmingly positive) reviews are correct, then Dyad is a game you have to play to fully understand — now’s your chance! Check out Dyad’s first 5 levels and see if you groove with it. If you do, the PlayStation Plus discount continues this week. Battleborn is on sale at PS Store this weekend only for $26.99. $29.99 for Digital Deluxe. Dyad is available today on PSN for $14.99 and $11.99 with a PlayStation Plus subscription. I’m really excited by all the positive reviews that Dyad’s receiving. It currently has a Metacritic score of 87. It’s been a crazy amount of hard work to finish it and bring it to you on the PlayStation 3. It’s out today and I am extremely proud of it — thanks for all the love and support! When Tim Rogers, director of Action Button Entertainment, first played Dyad he literally died. When he resurrected he demanded to be allowed to direct and co-star in his own Dyad advertisement with Vito Gesualdi. I hope you find their take on Dyad as hilarious as I do. Today, Dyad was approved by the U.S. Fun and Diversion Administration to administer extreme doses of sensory stimulation. It is absorbed directly into gamers’ cerebral cortex via their optical, audial and touch receptors. The game was approved for use in all patients in North America who are in possession of a PS3 console and $14.99, and who are not adversely affected by excessive synaptic activity. Research on Dyad began in 2008 in TRNT by Shawn McGrath. After TRNT officials observed test subjects wholly absorbed in euphoric trances and reviewed testimonies of transcendental interactive experiences, TRNT halted development of Dyad and expelled Shawn. Last week in New York City I was fortunate enough to show off Dyad, the almost-ready-done-really-soon-I-promise game coming to PSN for PS3. During our NYC showcase, the PlayStation.Blog crew was kind enough to stop by and conduct a quick Q&A and gameplay session, and you can watch the results in this new original video. Each of the game’s 27 different levels touch upon a variety of mechanics and goals: forming long combos, racing, surviving as long as possible, hitting certain top speeds and more. And the game’s 26 special Trophy levels have challenging alternate goals, whether it’s playing just by using sound or collecting objects as quickly as possible. Since each level has a corresponding leaderboard to track online rankings, Dyad boasts a huge number of leaderboards — 52 in all, each requiring a unique set of skills to master. Hi everyone! Shawn here again, and I brought along Dyad‘s composer, David Kanaga. We’re going to talk a bit about Dyad’s interactive music system, how it works and what makes it unique. We’re also treating you to a free three-song EP consisting of linear mixes of Dyad’s interactive music and some new screenshots! Below is a new gameplay video showcasing one of the later levels in Dyad. Don’t worry if it looks too complex! It’ll make perfect sense once you’ve completed the earlier levels. When you hear the term “interactive music” you might think of “rhythm games” such as Guitar Hero, Rock Band, Frequency, or others of that nature. Dyad’s music system is very different from those games. Dyad is an abstract racing game that has influences in many genres including racing games, fighting games, puzzle games and classic arcade shooters. Dyad does away with the traditional racing game mechanics of break and accelerate and replaces them with puzzle-like mechanics. You must interact with your enemies in unique and varying ways in order to gain speed. I’ve always loved the visceral feel racing games provided, especially the WipeOut series, and I wanted to translate that feeling into a puzzle game. In most racing games, each track has an ideal ‘racing line’ which players must memorize and translate into muscle memory in order to be successful – I remember months of repeating tracks in WipeOut XL for the PSX! With Dyad I replaced the mental process of memorizing a racing line with various combo mechanics. Rock Band 4 Rivals playlist, Gucci Mane takes over and more -- streaming now on Spotify. Would you be willing to answer a few brief questions about PlayStation.Blog?
| || Ciara has hit the stage, and this 19-year-old rising supernova is destined for great things. While she has only been on the music scene for three years, her first debut album Goodies hit #1 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Billboard™ chart. The beauty from Atlanta is the latest multi-talented scene-stealer to nudge her way to center stage with attention-grabbing vocals, irresistible songwriting and killer dance moves.| Ciara – a ‘military brat’ who has lived in Germany, New York, California, Arizona and Nevada has found herself in the mix with some of the city’s biggest and brightest producers, among them Jazze Pha who signed Ciara to his Sho’ Nuff label after working with her for a mere five days and his royal crunkness Lil’ Jon, who produced the singer’s lead single, the ‘Crunk & B’ cautionary wrist-slapper ‘Goodies.’ Ciara is only the second artist (the first was Usher with his hit single ‘Yeah’) to release a Crunk & B song. Says Lil’ Jon of the newly-formed genre, ‘Crunk & B’ songs are R&B songs that get you crunk. They make you wanna wild out. [‘Goodies’] is a female empowerment record. The female has the power. The female is in control on this song. This is one of those records for the ladies.’ We had the opportunity to talk with Ciara after she just returned from performing down in Cancun. How was Cancun? It was really nice. But I would like to go back and see it on my own time. Which state have you lived in for the longest? I’ve spent most of my life in Atlanta. When did you realize you wanted to sing for a career? When I was 14 years old. What kind of iPod do you have? I have the new 60 GB model. What has been the hardest sacrifice for your career? Mhhhm, that’s a good question. In a way, they are all about equal. I’d have to say not being able to be home, hang out with my friends or do regular teen things, or just go to the movies alone. I also have to sacrifice eating all the good foods I like eating to keep fit. It’s not really that hard, I mean it’s all worth it to me at the end of the day. Where and how did you learn to write songs with such melody? I was 15 then and I just started to listen and develop the ability to hear
So if you follow my Twitter feed, you've no doubt noticed this thing called Untappd.com. Surely you were curious about it, but probably just too much of a lazy drunk to click on it and see what it's about. Well, you should give a try. It's a social media for beer drinkers, and it's fun. Every time you drink a beer, pull out your mobile device, go to their site, and log it. It then keeps track of what you've had, and lets you know what your friends are imbibing, what people in your area are chugging, and where they are consuming it. Along the way, you can earn badges: For example, I just earned the "Journeyman" badge for drinking 50 different beers since I first joined back in December, the "Beer Connoisseur" for having five beers from five different countries, and so on. And it's interactive with other social media. You can cross-post your beer check-ins to Twitter and Facebook. And you can see how you stack up against the world. I'm proud to say that, as of this writing, I'm the No.1 consumer of Real Ale Coffee Porter, Saint Arnold Winter Stout, and Summit Winter Ale. Okay, it's probably not scientific, but I can believe it's true with the Coffee Porter and Winter Stout. I've been drinking a lot of those this winter. It will be interesting to see how my top beer rankings change as I move from winter seasonals to spring bocks to summer brews. I'm currently on a mission to "friend" every beer drinker in Austin, and maybe Texas. Pull out your phone and check it out. It's fun. And if you enjoy my blog, please friend me. I'd love to know what you're drinking. The best beers we tasted this week 2 days ago
White Herons and Reeds One of a triptych with Philadelphia Museum of Art, 2002-193-1 and 2002-199-3 Kano Naonobu, Japanese, 1607 - 1650 Social Tags [?]brush painting [x] ink [x] kano cranes [x] nature [x] scrolls [x] [Add Your Own Tags] Among the different white birds in East Asian countries, the white heron was considered one of the whitest. Thus it came to be a symbol of purity, as is the lotus. In China, herons were also a symbol of good fortune because "heron" (lu) and "good fortune" (lu) are pronounced the same, and in Japan the bird became one of the most popular subjects from the Muromachi period (1392-1573) onward. The triptych style developed in Chinese Buddhist art places a religious painting in the center and a pair of "flowers and birds" paintings such as this one on either side.
Despite our dislike of DRM, we have come to believe Firefox needs to provide a mechanism for people to watch DRM-controlled content. We will do so in a way that protects the interests of individual users as much as possible, given what the rest of the industry has already put into place. We have selected Adobe to provide the key functionality. Adobe has been doing this in Flash for some time, and Adobe has been building the necessary relationships with the content owners. We believe that Adobe is uniquely able to bring new value to the setting. Talk about being between a rock and a hard place. Don't include DRM, and see your userbase erode further. Do include DRM, and you go against your organisation's core values. If you go for the former, and your userbase erodes, you run the risk of not being able to express your core values at all.
Going through my mother's boxes from her apartment, and re-examing Doris' Genealogy Box has made me stop and think. Have I made sure that the genealogy and family treasures in my care are going to be passed on to others for safe-keeping? I am sure that many of us have such treasured items. Even if we have no family heirlooms we have our genealogy research and papers. I've learned that when a loved one dies, it is not always easy, or possible, to preserve precious documents or heirlooms. Even if saved, how and when does one pass them on to others? It should be easy. You save everything you think is worth saving, and immediately decide you are passing everything on. Done - not your problem anymore. But wait! Who says the folks you want to pass these treasures on to are prepared to accept them. I'm learning it's not as easy as you might think. Will Others Treasure Your Treasures? Another scenario - you have family treasures that you enjoy so you don't want to pass them on to others now, but you want to be sure they go to other family members when you are gone. That's even more difficult to guarantee. There are logistics involved in passing on family heirlooms and genealogy papers. If you expect your journals to be kept for the next hundred years or more, you should be thinking ahead to the problems future generations might encounter. People move. Families split up. Your great-grandson might treasure your journals but his wife may think they are just taking up space and getting musty and dirty. You might have so many journals that they become scattered and lost. What about Great grandma's wedding ring? How will you ensure that is passed on and its history known and shared? Your great-uncle's Military Medals and papers - is it really logical to think that a jumbled mass of documents with some tarnished medals is still going to be kept all together by one descendant and its provenance still remembered? Who Wants Your Masses of Genealogy Papers! And your genealogy papers and records that take up 4 filing cabinet drawers or 10 binders. Who on earth is going to want to store those? Even if you have a son or daughter ready and willing, what are the chances that the next generation will accept those 4 filing cabinets of papers and store them safely? Who Will Carry the Torch? I've been giving this a lot of thought over the past year and even more so since my mother passed away. As the unofficial keeper of the family photos and treasures in my family, I need to make sure that everything I love and hold dear will go on to the people I think most apt to pick up the torch and continue to cherish them. I thank my lucky stars that my grandmother passed on most of her cherished heirlooms to me when I was a teenager. She saw an interest from me and she leapt at the opportunity to tell me the stories of who owned each item and what it meant to her. It must have been difficult for her to let them go in her lifetime but it was a very wise step on her part. Had she waited, it is unlikely many would have been saved when she died, as no one but me knew their significance. And I was many miles away with no say over who in the family was given any mementoes. Develop a Plan So I have developed a plan - a Genealogy & Family Hope Chest - for helping to ensure that treasured family items and genealogy papers do get passed on and cherished by others. I call it a Genealogy & Family Hope Chest because you cannot of course guarantee that what you consider important to pass on will be preserved and passed on by others. All you can do is hope. But along with that hope you can take steps to maximize the possibility that what you want will happen! Let's start with Step 1 of the Genealogy & Family Hope Chest First, make a list. Yes, sit down today and make a list of all the family treasures and heirlooms that you have in your possession. Beside each item, write a brief description of its provenance - who owned it and how old it is, and how and when it came into your possession. Take a photograph of it or scan it. Do this for each cherished item you have. Print the photos. You can print 4 to a page or 6 to a page, or print each separately. It's up to you. Make sure you clearly label each photo with the name and brief description of what it is. Yes, you're duplicating your list you just created, but in a visual format. You now have a written or printed list of family heirlooms with a description of each. You also have a photo of each family heirloom clearly labelled and described. Put one copy of the list and photos in your Safety Deposit Box (if you have one) This is just to safeguard against losing the other copy! The other copy (list plus photos) should go in a manilla envelope marked "FOR MY EXECUTORS" and placed where your Executor(s) will remember to go to first. You have written a will and appointed executor(s) haven't you? Phone your executor(s) and tell them where you are putting this envelope and what is in it. (You should already have such an envelope which contains instructions on what you want done with your remains, where your safety deposit box is, a list of bank accounts, lawyer's name etc but that's a topic for another blog post) This is the Family part of your Hope Chest, don't worry about your Genealogy papers just now. We'll get to those later. You can have a break now and relax. I'll talk about Step 2 of a Genealogy & Family Hope Chest in my next blog post. I think you will find Step 2 is a lot of fun!
A wreath is perfect for all occasions. I think every door needs door couture! That means teachers! The CSI kids don’t want to be reminded that school is starting but this baby will be on my door for our back to school dinner. That frame is from Michaels and I love them! Many sizes and you can paint them any color! Go get yours. Turns out they make great wreaths. It is back to school time! This year we have a Senior (EEK), a Freshman (EEK x2) and a very cute 5th grader! Summer memories have been made so let’s be happy! Look at the glass half full. I know for our family that we had an awesome summer and an exciting fall is ahead of us! We have birthdays to celebrate, fall break, Halloween and holidays! If you ask Mr. CSI, he would say and football is back in action! Glass half full. You can “Pin” this! Go ahead Pin this. Seriously, pin this!!! Always remember to Create, Share and Inspire!
AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ISC West – HID Global, trusted leader in solutions for the delivery of secure identity, today announced that it has settled patent-infringement lawsuits against Apollo Security, Applied Wireless IDentifications Group (AWID) Inc., and Secura Key, a division of Soundcraft, Inc. The lawsuits included HID Global’s multi-technology reader patents. “We are pleased that the lawsuits filed by HID Global and ASSA ABLOY were amicably settled and, furthermore, that AWID and Secura Key have agreed to license our multi-technology IP applicable to their product lines,” said Dr. Tam Hulusi, Senior Vice President of Strategic Innovation and Intellectual Property with HID Global. The two patents referenced in the lawsuits are U.S. Patent No. 5,952,935 (entitled “Programmable Channel Search Reader”) and U.S. Patent No. 7,439,862 (entitled “Antenna Array For An RFID Reader Compatible With Transponders Operating At Different Carrier Frequencies”). These patents, along with HID Global’s Registered Copyright No. TXu001352802/2006-02-03 (which relates to HID Global’s Corporate 1000 format), are included in HID Global’s Extended Licensing Program, through which RFID reader manufacturers can license certain HID Global multi-technology intellectual property (IP). In particular, the lawsuits against Apollo and Soundcraft involved HID’s ‘935 patent. The lawsuit against AWID involved HID’s ‘935 and ‘862 patents. Terms of the agreements are confidential. About HID Global HID Global is the trusted source for innovative products, services, solutions, and know-how related to the creation, management, and use of secure identities for millions of customers around the world. The company’s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company’s primary brands include ActivID®, EasyLobby®, FARGO®, IdenTrust®, LaserCard®, Lumidigm®, and HID®. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 2,200 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global® is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com. ® HID and the HID logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of HID Global in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, and product or service names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
The Kenninger/Tegeler Family History PageUpdated September 5, 2000 |I have traced my father's father's line back to the Tegeler's in Wagenfeld Hanover, Prussia, Germany in the late 1800's and to the Otting/Pattmann family in Wetzchen, Germany around 1840.| My father's mother's line originated somewhere in England - surnames include Walker, Williams, and Campbell who settled in and around Johnson County Indiana. On my mother's side, I have the Kenninger (Konninger, Koenninger) family traced back to Grossbottwar, Germany as far back as the 1600's.However I don't trust the accuracy of this information as it was researched by someone else on that side of the family and some of the dates are contradictory. The Bollinger side of my mother's family is researched back to Henry Bollinger - born somewhere in Pennsylvania - and the Maars who came from Byrne, Germany. I am having trouble finding information on Henry Bollinger and his children - the information I have has his son Harry P. Bollinger born in Youriksville (Younxville) Ohio in 1872.I can find no information on this town or any information on the Bollinger's in the 1880 census. Any help or information is welcome.Please feel free to email me. |Karen Lynne Gebhard| GEDCOM Trees(viewing trees requires 4.0 or later)
m. 6 Mar 1731 m. ABT 1756 m. ABT 1770 Facts and Events Samuel Washington (1734–1781) was a brother of United States President George Washington. He was born on at Pope's Creek, Wakefield, Westmoreland County, Virginia. He died 2 months before his 47th birthday anniversary and just before the beginning of the Battle of Yorktown on September 26, 1781. His probable cause of death was from tuberculosis, or a similarly contagious and recurring respiratory disease. Samuel served numerous posts in Stafford County, Virginia including justice of the peace, county magistrate, county sheriff, militia officer, and parish vestryman. He resided at Mount Vernon from 1735 to 1738.
I used a pale acrylic grey as a base coat. The tree I'm painting here is the smaller of the two. This is the larger tree. I dry brushed some darker grey to accent the rough bark texture. At the tops of the trees I added some cut paper to resemble old dried frond growth. Here are the two trees drying clamped to my turntable. For the fronds I decided on using stiff photo backdrop paper. I made templates of four sizes of palm fronds and traced them onto the paper. Then began the fun of cutting out the 60 fronds! Each frond was a double piece of paper stock glued together with an aluminum wire in the center. After gluing each frond was trimmed to shape. Each frond was painted with acrylics and dry brushed with various colors for hilites. After painting the wire stem was wrapped with cotton twine and painted to resemble the stem of a palm leaf. Part of my growing palm frond " jungle " drying. Each frond leaf being further trimmed before being glued to the trunk. Due to the aluminum wire stems the fronds can be manipulated and positioned as need be. The two trees completed with the fronds added. I was pleased with how they came out. Next I'll be starting work on two leafy type trees.
[mythtv-users] Sound problem with C-Media CMI9880 raphael at rignier.com Tue Jun 14 11:56:10 UTC 2005 I've got an embended CMI98800 codec Chipset (Intel HDA driver) Here's my /proc/asound/Intel/codec herader : codec: C-Media CMI9880 Vendor Id: 0x434d4980 Subsystem Id: 0x0 Revision Id: 0x90402 It seems I have problem with the input channels. Alsamixer shows me 2 input channels (0 and 1) which can be set to CD, Live, Rear Mic, Front Mic. I've tried multiple combinaisons but It seems nothing of them work with mythtv. Or maybe it isn't supported yet? thank you for helping me... -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... More information about the mythtv-users
|Poor Helen (Ashley) begins receiving phone calls from her young nephew Michael. The problem? Michael's been dead for 15 years! Aunt Helen knows that for a fact. Because after his mother was committed to a sanitarium - and subsequently committed suicide - Michael ran away from home and was never found. It was presumed he died of exposure. Perhaps he didn't? Soon, strange murders begin to occur throughout the small town. Who could be responsible for the cruel prank calls and what connection links them to the recent murders? Aided by her brother Craig (Douglas), Helen and her and ex-husband (Gazzara) vow to find out. Solid performances from all involved (most notable Ashley and Douglas, not surprisingly) enhance this well constructed tele thriller. Also known by the terrible, Cinemax-y title Shattered Silence.
WRITE A REVIEW 75% would repurchase Package Quality: 3.5 Filter by skin/hair/eye Filter by age on 5/13/2006 7:23:00 AM More reviews by amberty Skin: Normal, Medium, Not Sure Hair: Blond, Other, Other I like this cancealer a lot!!!It is quie expensive but it last for a while.I used it 3-4 moths. it is thin texture. I use it over eye cream and it illuminates skin. It stays in place all day long. Im waiting right color in Strawberrynet to buy it again. on 3/7/2005 12:23:00 PM More reviews by eggs Skin: Normal, Other, Not Sure Hair: Brunette, Other, Other Well I bought this concealer on the basis of the glowiing reviews here, and I had high hopes for it. I wanted a really good, soft, undetectable cover for my appalling dark undereye circles (lack of sleep - 2 toddlers), and I figured this would do the trick. Alas no. The colour selection is dire, and I ended up choosing 200 Light beige, which is really far too yellow on me. I have pale olive skin, so the lightest (100) shade was too white.The formulation is quite nice - I had no problems with creasing or caking, but honestly this does very little to address dark circles. In fact it gives thhe impression of yellowish green bruising on my skin - not a good look for around the eyes!I actually look MORE tired and haggard wearing this than with nothing at all, so I guess that's a big thumbs down from me. Login with Facebook on 2/20/2003 4:34:00 AM More reviews by mriaow Skin: Combination, Fair-Medium, Not Sure Hair: Black, Other, Other This one reminds me so much of YSL Touche Eclat- except better, because the color variety is so much better. This is a lighter, more sheer concealer- it illuminates the eye area, which is great for my dark circles. on 10/6/2002 5:31:00 PM More reviews by rachellia Skin: Sensitive, Fair, Not Sure This concealer is AMAZING!!! My Holy Grail. I bought this on a whim in Sephora and I never expected it to be this good. The color I got is 100, it's a very pale, neutral-toned color with light-reflecting properties. The color is THE ONLY perfect match for my skintone that I have ever found in any concealer or foundation, even in the bright mid-day sun you cannot tell where my real skin ends and it begins. This effectively covers my undereye circles and redness with ease and leaves a semi-matte natural finish that lasts all day doesn't cause my super-sensitive combo skin to break out. Yes, it's pricey and the package is small, but the product is so excellent I couldn't resist giving it a 5! 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Are you sure this product is discontinued? daasfdsad, asdadasd, addasdasdas, asdasdasdasfsdfgdfs, fgdssdgfdgfg, gfgdgdfgdhfgj Reviewer did not try the product Profanity/Vulgar language Advertising (Vendor promotion, iHerb Coupons etc.) Marketing campaign (BzzAgent, Influenster etc.)
These rules are in the alpha stages. Some things are not very smooth yet, and I haven't made up my mind on some things. Things You Will Need 1.Non Lego stuff Just a tape measure, some dice, and Paper. Different colored dice are a good idea, but not necessary. You are going to need to keep track of some stuff, so write it down on paper. 2. Lego stuff For the battlefield, you are gonna want some terrain that blocks the line of sight of units. This could be anything from mountains to buildings. Each players base will have 4 different buildings you will need to play. 1. Command center 4. Power station Also some walls 5 Resource stations, one of which will be worth more than the others, so build it to look special. Resource station, worth more You will also need to build: You can raise or lower these numbers, but this is the max amount of each unit that I have decided upon. You probably won't have all these on the table at one time. Before you can jump into the strategic action that is Colony Wars, you must first set up the battlefield. I play on a roughly 4x2 feet area. First place the terrain and resource stations. Resource stations should be spread out evenly around the battlefield. The Resource station worth more should be in the middle. Leave roughly a 10x10 inch square in the corner for the the player's bases Then both players will roll the dice to choose sides. The highest roll gets to choose which corner to put their base in. Place buildings however you want in your 10x10 inch corner. Then set up walls. Example of a battlefield I set up After the battlefield is set up, players roll off again to determine who goes first. Highest roll wins. Colony wars is played in 5 phases 4. Infantry Actions 5. Post Production Phase 1: Production The production phase is where you build stuff. The two buildings you build stuff from is your barracks and your factory. Tanks and Artillery are built from your factory and APC's are built from the barracks Both the Factory and Barracks have 1 production slot and 1 upgrade slot. These can be upgraded to increase the number of production slots, but more on that later. The first thing you do in the production phase is total your Resource Points. This is your money in the game. It's abbreviated as RP. RP is gained at the beginning of your turn. Power Station- 10RP Resource Station- 5RP Big Resource Station- 10RP Count up the total RP you gain that turn and add it to your reserve. Write it down! Next its time to build your units. Units are built instantly upgrades are completed in post production Production Options wrote:Factory Options Tanks- Squad of 5- 5RP-Uses 1 Production Slot- Built instantly Artillery- Squad of 3- 10RP- 1 Production slot- Built instantly Tank- Speed Upgrade- adds 2 inches of movement - 5RP- 1 Turn Tank- Reactive Armor- Every time a tank sufferers a hit that will kill it, roll the dice. on a 5 or 6, the hit is ignored- 10RP- 2 turns Artillery- Better stabilizers- Increases the Accuracy to a 4+ instead of a 5+- 10RP- 2 turns Factory- Extra Production Slot- adds another production slot. Lets you build 2 units per turn. 10RP- 2 turns APC- Squad of 5- 5RP-Uses 1 Production Slot- Built instantly Unmanned APC- Squad of 10- 5RP-Uses 1 Production Slot- Built instantly APC speed upgrade- adds 2 inches of movement- 5RP- 1 turn APC reactive armor- Every time an APC sufferers a hit that will kill it, roll the dice. on a 5 or 6, the hit is ignored- 10RP- 2 turns APC anti armor rocket- adds a anti tank rocket to the lead APC. Weapon strength d6+1-5RP- 1 turn Infantry: specialized breaching training- roll 2 dice instead of one and pick the highest if you are the attacker in infantry combat.- 10RP - 2 Turns Infantry: Storm Troopers- replaces one standard marine squad with a Storm Trooper Squad. -10RP -2 turns Barracks- Extra Production Slot- adds another production slot. Lets you build 2 units per turn. 10RP- 2 turns After all units and upgrades have been purchased, subtract the total RP you spent from your reserve you have written down. Now is a good time to show you the stat cards for the different units R= Weapon Range AC = Weapon Accuracy D= Weapon Damage The main combat unit in the game. Good armor, firepower, and decent speed. M 6" AR 3 R 12" AC 3+ D 1d6 Fast unit meant to transport infantry around. Can be bought unmanned and used as a light tank. M 8" AR 2 R 12" AC 3+ D 1d6-1 Fast: Adds +1 to reaction test rolls Powerful long range guns meant to destroy enemy units from afar M 4" AR 2 R 24" AC 5+ D 1d6+1 Artillery: Does not need line of sight to fire. Barrage: Fires 3 shots per unit. Slow: Subtracts 1 from reaction test rolls. Pretty straight forward. Each unit can move up to the amount on the profile. Can also elect not to shoot in the shooting phase to go an extra amount equal to half of the total inches the unit can normally move. Example: A tank can move 6". It can elect to boost instead of shoot and move 9" APCs would move 12" and artillery would move 6" All units in the game are bought in squads of 10,5 or 3. These squads don't have to stick together however. You can have them go in different directions if you wish. Make sure that it is easy to see which squads are which For sake of time, you don't have to precisely measure each unit when it moves. Take the unit closest to the direction you want to move the group, measure it precisely, then place the other units around the one you measured. The First thing you do in the Combat phase is plan your attack. Declare which squads are attacking which. This is very important when it comes to the reaction test. Example: Player 1 declares that squads A and B are firing at Player 2's squad 1, and squad C is firing at squad 3 Squads cannot split fire, so make sure you separate them in the movement phase Next is to take a Reaction Test.The Reaction Test determines which squad shoots first in an engagement. Both players roll the dice. In order for one player to go before another, he must beat the opposing player's roll by 2. If neither player rolled 2 higher than the other, they fire at the same time. Example: Players 1 and 2 take a reaction test. Player 1 rolls a 4. Player 2 rolls a 5. Since both are within 1 of each other, they fire at the same time. Another Example: Players 1 and 2 take a reaction test. Player 1 rolls a 2. Player 2 rolls a 4. Since player 2's roll is 2 higher than player 1's he shoots first. If the player whose turn it is at the time of the test gets to go first, he then fires his squads at the at the enemy squads he selected. Do this one squad at a time. If one squad completely destroys the targeted squad, the other squad does not get to shoot, so plan your attack wisely! Example: Squad 4 completely destroys all the units in Squad F. Squad 5 also had targeted Squad F. Squad 5 does not get to choose a new target. If the other player (the player whose turn it isn't) wins then his squad gets to fire at an enemy squad that targeted him. Example: Player 2 wins the reaction test. His squad was targeted by the enemy's Squad 4 and 5. He elects to fire at Squad 4. If no one wins, all firing is done at the same time. The player whose turn it isn't still gets to choose which squad to shoot at. Combat is done in 2 phases When a squad shoots, it fires one shot per unit in the squad(except artillery). Get one die per shot and roll them all at once. To determine which shots hit, look at the units Accuracy. Tanks and APC's have a 3+ accuracy, so rolls of a 3 or higher hit their target. Shots that don't hit are discarded. Shots that do hit, hit the units in the enemy squad closest to the shooting squad After determining which shots hit, roll the dice again to determine damage. To destroy an enemy unit, the damage roll must exceed the enemy units armor rating. destroyed units are removed from the battlefield and put back into the unit reserve. Example: Tank Squad A shoots at Tank Squad 3. Squad a must roll higher than a 3 (Tanks armor rating) in order to destroy it. In instances where a squad has more than one type of unit in it, roll the damage dice one at a time. Infantry can perform two actions 1. Capture buildings 2. Assault Enemy buildings Infantry's main job is to capture and hold buildings and Resource points For infantry to capture a building or resource point, move an APC within 2" of the Building then place the infantry stud on the baseplate. Infantry can only hop out and move into a building during the Infantry Action Phase. Buildings can only hold a garrison of 5 squads. This Resource Station is occupied by 2 squads Infantry's second job is to assault and clear out enemy buildings and Resource points. To assault an enemy occupied building, move the an APC within 2" of and building and place the infantry stud on the baseplate. Only 5 squads can assault a building at one time Then both players roll dice one at a time. The highest dice roll wins. If there is a tie, the defender wins. This is continued until either the defender kills off all the Attacker's squads, or the Attacker kills off all the Defender's squads Storm troopers are elite infantry. Storm Troopers allow for 2 rerolls during Infantry Combat. multiple squads of Storm Troopers will give you multiple rerolls. In infantry combat, Storm Troopers will die last. Regular Marine squads will die quicker than these elite troopers. In this phase, upgrades advance in turns. Upgrades are completed or they advance a turn if they take longer than one turn to complete. Like I said guys, these rules are in their Alpha stages. PLEASE ask me questions if one arises. FEEL FREE to give advise or input on these rules. TELL ME if a rule doesn't work GIVE ME FEEDBACK ON THIS.
How To Achieve Penis Enlargement Success The commonest worries related to the penis are size, male impotence, and rapid ejaculation. The average penis is 6.two inches long and 3.7 inches wide. Penis size tends to vary slightly with ethnicity. Men always associate manliness with a decent penis size, while women often give varying answers because of shyness or social stigma. It seems every man wants a greater penis these days. Millions of men that are eager for a bigger penis are not aware of which technique that they may use to be. This is because there are numerous products which are being sold today, all of them making dubious claims to be capable of enlarge any man's penis. But the truth is that a majority of of those merchandise is just a waste of your energy along with your precious dollars. If you'll need a stronger and bigger penis, you should Penis Büyütücü Vakum Pompa options to get acquainted with natural penis exercises. Performing these exercises regularly is sure to give you a bigger penis. If you need to get faster gains while doing natural penis exercises, then eat more fresh some food items. These foods would help boost your efforts when you get a larger penis. Going natural is clearly wiser. And many males have noticed gains at length, girth and also stamina. And also the the desired info is permanent too that is essential. So they are not only found packing larger lower there, they're but individuals in a position to please their partner much simpler along with for longer durations when compared with average guy. Men love to have a big penis as that signifies manhood and females want them because that increases sexual joy, that's required for the fulfillment of one's sex-life. What you need to know is that the penis enhancement has turned into a business for a lot of companies, that you just mustn't be seduced by. The experts claim that you follow natural options for it, and in many cases if you are using pills, utilize the shavers that are natural. This way you possibly can make clear on great results without harming your overall health. In either the events, when for a woman a partner's penis is extremely small, woman will definitely be unsatisfied, since sexual penetration is practically not pleasing, plus an orgasm for a girl is unquestionably out of the question . On the other side, every time a woman's partner has an unusually enormous penis, most women can lead to feeling sex and penetration very painful and awfully unpleasing. If you are going through the business of poor heightened sexual performance, you may actually choose to try products which contain male enhancement ingredients. These products are extremely beneficial among males that are having trouble with performance such as erection, stamina, libido, along with other things. These supplements can be very capable to provide strategy to your entire issues. You can expect to be sexually strong and confident in your bedroom performance. At the same time, you can select the products that can significantly enhance your male reproductive health. A huge penis isn't essential for a female to feel ultimate pleasure, so for males this may be a significant reason to never be so obsessed on his or her size, prefer to be more needing to do sex of great quality and fully satisfy their partner by doing good initial foreplay and teasing before actual penetration, making your lover actually add too much to suit your needs, giving her the very best sexual passion possible. If you have any sort of questions concerning where and exactly how to use penis büyüTüCü pompa , you could call us at our own page.
On Streets In Senegal, Thousands Of Boys Are Forced To Beg Human Rights Watch is urging Senegal to implement a law criminalizing forced begging. Many families are misled into entrusting their children to people acting as Islamic teachers, who then exploit thousands of young boys. AUDIE CORNISH, HOST: If you pass through the streets of Senegal's bustling capital, Dakar, here's something you can't miss: Young, sometimes very young boys in rags, begging on the streets. A new report from New York-based Human Rights Watch is urging the government there to implement a law to criminalize forced begging. NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reports that many of the boys are being abused. (SOUNDBITE OF TRAFFIC) OFEIBEA QUIST-ARCTON, BYLINE: This is Independence Square in the heart of Dakar, and this is where you see many of the young boys with their trademark tomato cans, clinking just the few coins in there. They're meant to be learning the Koran. And they have a set amount that they have to collect every single day, otherwise they are beaten and mistreated. And with me is the author of the Human Rights Watch report, Matt Wells. MATT WELLS: You're talking about a, you know, a country that is, in many ways, held up as a model in West Africa. And yet, yah, there's this incredible disconnect when you see tens of thousands of young boys - five, six years old, who every day are forced to beg on the streets, are exploited in the name of religion. But really simply in a lucrative criminal practice for these fake Koranic teachers. QUIST-ARCTON: Senegalese commentator Tidiane Sy says there's resistance to change, along with support for legitimate religious boarding schools. And he says the government forgot to organize awareness campaigns along with its planned reforms. TIDIAN SY: You have so many stakeholders involved, it can't be changed overnight. Because you have cultural, you have religious issues, and you have a survival issue. Because also those who are being taken out to beg, probably come from extremely poor families who can't afford raising their kids by themselves, and who give them to these Koranic teachers. QUIST-ARCTON: Ofeibea Quist-Arcton, NPR News, downtown Dakar. (SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST: This is NPR News. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Red Leaf Tea new contest I finally ordered my first matcha from you, so I am in as well! Everyone raves about the flavors, I’m so excited haha Ooooh… I think I can do it! I would love to! :) Azz quietly, and without much fanfare, upped the bar by 50%. Just so you know. ;) Update on the longest review promo: This new promo – extra $15.99 for the review over 800 words, it’s popularity has caught us off guard a bit, and the budget for this promo has already been used. :-( We are forced to change the final date to end of August. I’m very sorry for this. Please note that our Free Matcha promo is still active. Doh :( Canadian shipping not likely to make it You can stop giving me the extra discount and just do the regular one – I want others to get in on this and I have done several long reviews. Don’t worry I will still keep them long and worth while – its easy to do when Im so excited about the great products and services! :) In that case, for our Canadian friend, due date will be extended for one week. This should give them enough time to get the order and write something about it. YAY! My matcha arrived! I may even get time to post my review tonight…steps 1-3 of the matcha program have been checked off my list..now to enjoy/drool over my matcha and write! With so many options for our flavored tea, we get mixed reviews. For example, Caramel matcha with green matcha base may be very much liked, but with red matcha tea base – not so much. Unfortunately when it’s added to general caramel matcha base review with low score, it brings the total score down. My concern is that we’d like to keep our green matcha base score up so that if someone sees the general score, (that maybe lowered due to bad review for red matcha base) they may think the whole caramel matcha is not very good. If possible, can you post reviews with different matcha base, like white matcha, red matcha,and so on , in a different category/product page. We welcome all reviews, bad ones too, but I’m looking for a way to separate them somehow. I’m pretty new to blogs and postings, and not sure what to do, or how to fix it, but I’m hoping maybe you can suggest some solution. I think this would help others better choose the matcha base, based on those specific reviews. Did I make it clear? Sometimes I’m not that good at explaining what’s really in my head. Just ask my wife :-) That makes sense to me and I agree they should be separated. Maybe when you have time and I know it takes TONS of time but pictures of the flavors with the different bases would be awesome. Just so the listings of each tea represent the different bases. But I agree the different bases do make a difference in flavor. That would be SuPER helpful as well for us matcha novices :) it may be that I grow to LOVE red matcha but hate white or something. It maybe very time consuming to do ALL possible variation for the pictures, so I think it would be simpler to just contact me and ask for the type of pic you need and I will send it to whoever needs it :-) I think your request is super reasonable and I want to edit mine so that people don’t mistake my red matcha cheesecake for regular matcha. Do you have a picture you’d like me to use? Also, I’m not sure what to call it. Red Cheesecake Matcha? Cheesecake Red Matcha? Cheesecake Matcha (Red)? I’m about to review the english toffee one! I reviewed one.. the french vanilla red matcha & would be happy to move it to its own page… but before I do, is there an image that you would like for me to use? Also agreeing with Mercuryhime, what would be the best title to use for this particular matcha?
n a recent interview with ABC News, Attorney General Eric Holder spewed more racist nonsense. He claimed that some of his critics and the President's critics were motivated by "racial animus." According to Holder, "There’s a certain level of vehemence, it seems to me, that’s directed at me [and] directed at the president. You know, people talking about taking their country back. … There’s a certain racial component to this for some people." Using the race card is the last refuge for liberals who do not want to be held accountable for their poor performance. Holder is a specialist at using the race card. He is constantly claiming that Republicans are trying to suppress minority votes with voter identification initiatives. Instead of being worried about voter fraud, he is more interested in filing lawsuits directed at states for taking action to protect the integrity of their voting process. Back in 2009, Holder famously said that we are a "nation of cowards" on the race issue. He claimed Americans do not honestly and openly discuss racism. Thus, Holder has taken it upon himself to talk about the issue endlessly. Instead of acknowledging legitimate disagreements on the issues, he cries racism. It is a tactic of a political scoundrel who always attempts to limit serious debate while de-legitimizing his opposition. While Holder is a specialist at crying racism, he is completely negligent in doing his real job, leading the Department of Justice. Holder was AWOL during the investigation into the Black Panthers intimidating voters in Pennsylvania. No charges were filed in that case, even though there was shocking video evidence. In contrast, Holder has been very aggressive in targeting Arizona and other states who are trying to deal with the massive influx of illegal immigrants. According to Holder, these states cannot take action and must submit to this invasion and be held hostage to the federal government's inaction on the crisis. He has refused to cooperate with Congress in the investigation into the "Fast and Furious" gun running operation. He ignored their subpoenas for documents that Congress needed to complete their investigation. As a result, Congress voted by an overwhelming margin to hold the Attorney General in contempt. Holder became the first Attorney General in history to be held in Contempt of Congress. Of course, Holder probably believes that Congress is filled with racists. Holder uses the race issue to distract Americans from the job he is doing and the important things he is not doing. In recent weeks, the IRS scandal has intensified as Lois Lerner has refused to testify about her activities in targeting Tea Party groups. Congress learned that the computer hard drives of seven IRS employees supposedly crashed and were "recycled," rendering key email records lost forever. This unlikely development screams for an investigation by a Special Prosecutor who is independent and can examine this case to determine whether there has been any criminal wrongdoing. Not surprisingly, Holder has ignored calls for the appointment of a Special Prosecutor. The House of Representatives has voted to hold Lerner in contempt. The next vote they schedule should be to impeach Eric Holder. He has been derelict in his duty as Attorney General. Sadly, he has truly harmed the black community in this nation by his rhetoric about race. By constantly claiming racism, he dilutes the appropriate outrage that is needed when real racism is discovered. Clearly, Eric Holder has also placed his relationship with Barack Obama ahead of his responsibility to the American people. It is time for the worst Attorney General in our history to be removed from office. The only way that can occur is for Congress to act and act now.
PlayStation Plus subscribers will get free access to Bulletstorm, Resident Evil 5: Gold Edition and Hell Yeah! Wrath of Dead Rabbit this month via the service's Instant Game Collection. Bulletstorm and Resident Evil 5: Gold Edition, which comes with all of the game's DLC and Move support, will arrive on 10th October. The three titles will replace Red Dead Redemption, Lara Croft & the Guardian of Light and Saints Row 2 in the ever-changing Instant Game Collection line-up. So if you haven't downloaded Red Dead yet, you have mere hours to do so. The rest of the month will bring extra sales just for Plus players. From 3rd October you'll get Spelunker HD and its DLC for half price for two weeks. Derrick the Deathfin is 30 per cent off from 10th October, Dogfight 1942 and its DLC is half price from 17th October, while Hell Yeah!'s DLC gets a 20 per cent discount from 24th October.
You'll feel as though you're walking on a cloud in these suede slippers. They are machine-washable and come in three colours. Soft and cosy on the inside and wintry-themed on the outside, these slippers are just what you need as the nights draw in. With a leather upper and sheepskin lining, these classics are great for men who like to slip in and out of their slippers. These streamlined slip-ons for men are stuffed with down insulation to keep toes warm in even the iciest of temperatures. Made to look like yeti feet, these extremely comfy children's slippers from Next are are fun as well as snuggly. The Harpley, which is available in beige, brown or navy, has a slip-resistant sole and it's made using 100 per cent pure sheepskin. These woollen ballerina slippers for women are both very pretty, with a pleasant hearts-and-stripes pattern, and snug as you like. To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the children's book Dear Zoo, TU at Sainsbury's has brought out these slippers. No need for your ankles to suffer the cold with these fabulous striped booties, complete with fur pompons and fake-fur lining. These classic cable-knit mules with faux-fur innards are comfortable and they keep their shape, so your feet stay toasty for longer. IndyBest product reviews are unbiased, independent advice you can trust. On some occasions, we earn revenue if you click the links and buy the products, but we never allow this to bias our coverage. The reviews are compiled through a mix of expert opinion and real-world testingReuse content
While Microsoft's latest Windows Phone 8 update is slowly rolling out to existing handsets, the company is prepping new changes that will be made available by the end of the year. Sources familiar with Microsoft's Windows Phone plans have revealed to The Verge that the software maker is currently testing a General Distribution 3 (GDR3) update. The update is designed for new hardware initially, and will provide a rotation lock feature, UI changes to Live Tiles, and a driving mode option that's designed for in-car use. Apple and Google are surely shaking in their boots. To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
Jolie ducks out of her trailer while filming Wanted in the Czech Republic. Plus: Nicky Hilton, the Spice Girls and more Credit: Will Binns/Pacific coast news Updated: Thursday Jun 28, 2007 | 06:00 AM EDT More from PEOPLE - The Truth Behind Lauren Conrad's Famous Mascara Tears from The Hills - Read the Cover Story: George Turns 3: The Preschool Prince! - WATCH: Missy Franklin on Her Beauty Routine After the Pool: 'I Have No Idea How My Hair Stays So Healthy!' - WATCH AND SHOP: This Bag Is Actually Three Bags in One - All the Details on Laguna Beach Alum Alex Murrel Johnson's Beach-Themed Nursery for Son Levi
Sorry, but no page on www.usafunds.org matches your entry. The page may have been removed, had its name changed, is temporarily unavailable, or the entry was typed incorrectly. Please try the following: - Review our Site Map to find what you need. - Enter a term in the search form above to find your information.
Sort: Category . Published . Updated . Title . Words . Chapters . Reviews . Status . A Brave New World by catchingafallingstar reviews In less than two years a baby came from nothing to be able to talk and interact with the world. Then something strange happens, and you have a 'normal person'. But what if the curiosity and thirsty for knowledge isn't killed so soon, but encouraged? What kind of person you will have, and how far could they go? Let's explore this possibility... Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Sci-Fi - Chapters: 16 - Words: 63,948 - Reviews: 28 - Favs: 65 - Follows: 104 - Updated: 7/29 - Published: 2/8 - Harry P. Return of Emerald by Bleu Tsuki reviews Slytherin!Harry. When the BWL is discovered missing, no one thinks twice when Hasan Castell appears at Hogwarts. Abandoned in a muggle orphanage, Harry grows up with a love of magic-in books that is-and thinks sorcery is all in his dreams. He calls himself Hasan to separate his dreams from reality, and is adopted and raised by a man who should be dead.HP/LL mentor!Snape Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Friendship/Drama - Chapters: 44 - Words: 298,080 - Reviews: 990 - Favs: 1,053 - Follows: 1,493 - Updated: 7/29 - Published: 8/18/2013 - [Harry P., Luna L.] Severus S., Lucius M. Further Adventures of the Lone Traveler by dunuelos reviews Harry Potter, Lone Traveler, has accepted his role as the Multiverse's fix-it man. A figure of legend in many universes, he makes his way as directed by Creation to worlds where they could use a nudge here and there. Maybe he can prevent the multiverse from destroying itself in apocalyptic fire. Sequel to Stories of the Lone Traveler. Crossover - X-overs & Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Drama - Chapters: 9 - Words: 41,623 - Reviews: 315 - Favs: 724 - Follows: 815 - Updated: 7/29 - Published: 7/14 The Difference One Man Can Make by joen1801 reviews After the Battle of Hogwarts, Harry Potter decided to travel the world. Twelve years later when a new threat attempts to destroy the progress made in Britain he returns home to deal with the situation. During the fight that puts down the small group of upstarts Harry finds himself in a world of ice and fire Crossover - Harry Potter & Game of Thrones - Rated: M - English - Adventure - Chapters: 18 - Words: 240,080 - Reviews: 3324 - Favs: 6,083 - Follows: 7,000 - Updated: 7/28 - Published: 3/22/2015 Fixing Past Mistakes by DebsTheSlytherinSnapefan reviews Harry didn't appear at Hogwarts causing concern. Albus immediately head's out to Privet Drive to find out what was going on, along with Minerva and a reluctant Severus Snape. What they find out changes everything for everyone in the wizarding world. Is there a chance for anyone to go back and fix past mistakes? is there any hope at all for the magical world? cover pic - Harry's cub Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Chapters: 49 - Words: 218,570 - Reviews: 5895 - Favs: 4,387 - Follows: 5,764 - Updated: 7/28 - Published: 2/11/2014 - Harry P., Severus S., Albus D., Minerva M. A Different Professor by AsphodelWolf15 reviews "Her skeleton will lie in the chamber forever." Ginny has been taken to the Chamber of Secrets and Harry may know where that is. How would things have turned out if he had gone to a Different Professor? Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Drama - Chapters: 16 - Words: 129,321 - Reviews: 625 - Favs: 1,195 - Follows: 1,889 - Updated: 7/27 - Published: 5/16 - [Harry P., Hermione G.] Harry Potter and the Rune Stone Path by Temporal Knight reviews 10 year old Harry finds a chest left by his mother with books on some of her favorite subjects. Discovering he has a talent for understanding and creating runes sets Harry onto a very different path than anyone had expected. Shortcuts, inventions, and a bit of support go a long way! Pairings: H/Hr/NT/FD/DG. Ron/Molly bashing and GreaterGood!Dumbledore. Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Fantasy/Adventure - Chapters: 31 - Words: 316,097 - Reviews: 2447 - Favs: 5,214 - Follows: 6,834 - Updated: 7/27 - Published: 4/15 - [Harry P., Hermione G., Fleur D., N. Tonks] Harry Potter & the Game by Concept101 reviews With the powers of Gamer given to him Harry sets out to prove himself to the world of magic by becoming the best he can be despite the impossible odds against him! Watch our hero grow in this action filled adventure full of heart, humour & spectacle. And the occasional swear word. Politics!Action!Drama!Manipulation!OP Harry!Mind Bending Magic! Year 1 Complete! Updates every 4 days! Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Humor - Chapters: 24 - Words: 164,024 - Reviews: 1477 - Favs: 2,125 - Follows: 2,887 - Updated: 7/27 - Published: 5/17 - Harry P., Hermione G., Ginny W. The Black Prince by cxjenious reviews He remembers being Harry Potter. He dreams of it. He dreams of the Great Other too, a beast borne of ice and death with eyes red as blood and an army of cold dead things. He is the second son of the king, a spare, but his fortunes change when secrets rather left in the dark come to light, and Westeros is torn asunder by treachery and ambition. Winter is coming, but magic is might. Crossover - Harry Potter & Game of Thrones - Rated: M - English - Fantasy/Drama - Chapters: 20 - Words: 125,705 - Reviews: 2460 - Favs: 6,318 - Follows: 7,320 - Updated: 7/23 - Published: 3/7/2015 A Man of Iron by Mr. Chaos reviews Antony 'Tony' Stark is the arrogant cousin of Ned Stark whose made his fortune crafting fine weapons for the lords of Westeros. Tony leads a joyful life, doing what he pleases and leaving the politics of the realm to others. But when violent attack nearly ends his life, Tony decides to take action and creates a hero for the people to rally around... a knight known as Iron Man. Crossover - Ironman & A song of Ice and Fire - Rated: T - English - Fantasy/Adventure - Chapters: 20 - Words: 79,373 - Reviews: 629 - Favs: 989 - Follows: 1,100 - Updated: 7/21 - Published: 3/2/2014 - A. E. Stark/Tony, J. R. Rhodes/Rhodey, V. Potts/Pepper, Jon S. by Firazh reviews What could be worse than a nightmare? Waking up to discover that it was reality, of course. But after finding out Bellatrix was his mother, discovering that the Death Eater who fathered him was Severus Snape almost came as a relief. Deciding to take up his real identity was easy enough ... actually living it, not so much. AU: After fifth year. Sevitus with a twist. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Angst/Family - Chapters: 34 - Words: 203,874 - Reviews: 910 - Favs: 1,078 - Follows: 1,410 - Updated: 7/18 - Published: 6/23/2014 - Harry P., Remus L., Severus S. by theaceoffire reviews A young boy in a dark cupboard is in great pain. An unusual power will allow him to heal himself, help others, and grow strong in a world of magic. Eventual God-like Harry, Unsure of eventual pairings. Alternate Universe, possible universe/dimension traveling in the future. Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Adventure/Humor - Chapters: 66 - Words: 290,947 - Reviews: 4086 - Favs: 6,380 - Follows: 6,938 - Updated: 7/14 - Published: 2/22/2014 - Harry P. by Stargon1 reviews The day before Harry Potter was due to go to Hogwarts for the very first time, his aunt and uncle informed him that he wouldn't be going. Instead, he was sent to Stonewall High. Now, three years later, the Goblet of Fire has named him as a TriWizard Champion. What that means is anyone's guess, but to Harry, one thing is clear: he can finally get away from Privet Drive. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure - Chapters: 28 - Words: 106,020 - Reviews: 1327 - Favs: 2,398 - Follows: 3,537 - Updated: 7/13 - Published: 11/11/2015 - Harry P., Daphne G. A Very Different Harry Potter by BarbedCaress reviews AU Harry first meets Draco on the train. Draco realizes how little Harry knows about the Wizarding World and the two boys hatch a plan. Meeting in secret, Draco teaches Harry all he needs to know to survive as Head of House Potter and The Boy Who Lived. No slash. Hufflepuff!Harry Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Humor - Chapters: 14 - Words: 56,351 - Reviews: 164 - Favs: 207 - Follows: 347 - Updated: 7/12 - Published: 2/25/2015 - Harry P., Draco M. Not even a first chance! by senawario reviews (alt title: Disproportionate response). Give the death-eaters a second chance? No way, not even a *first* chance! This is a "redo" fic with a twist. The pairing will eventually be Harmony but a good part of the story happens when they are too young so hard-core Harmonians need to be patient. Rated M for possible violence in later chapters. Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Adventure - Chapters: 28 - Words: 94,094 - Reviews: 192 - Favs: 357 - Follows: 608 - Updated: 7/10 - Published: 2/11 - [Harry P., Hermione G.] Dobby The Adventures Of Harry Potter, the Video Game: Exploited by michaelsuave reviews Harry Potter catches Voldemort's AK to the noggin only to find out that his life is a video game and he forgot to save. So what does he do? Does he return on Hard mode and work for the challenge? Heck No! Harry uses every exploit, grind, or underhanded tactic he can get his hands on. His life may be a video game, but nobody plays Harry Potter; Harry's going to exploit the system. Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Humor/Adventure - Chapters: 12 - Words: 91,033 - Reviews: 3472 - Favs: 7,803 - Follows: 9,288 - Updated: 7/3 - Published: 9/22/2013 - Harry P. Lone Traveler: The Greatest Minister in History by dunuelos reviews The Lone Traveler arrives on the even of Fudge's election. Instead of pelting Dumbledore for advice, the new Minister listens to a new viewpoint. Much is changed. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Drama - Chapters: 17 - Words: 79,617 - Reviews: 909 - Favs: 1,521 - Follows: 1,342 - Updated: 6/25 - Published: 5/14 - Harry P., Amelia B., Augusta L., C. Fudge - Complete A Marauder's Plan by CatsAreCool reviews Sirius decides to stay in England after escaping Hogwarts and makes protecting Harry his priority. AU GOF. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Family/Drama - Chapters: 87 - Words: 893,787 - Reviews: 9466 - Favs: 9,192 - Follows: 9,590 - Updated: 6/13 - Published: 4/21/2012 - Harry P., Sirius B. - Complete The Hardships of Family by IAreGandalf reviews AU: Harry has a family, parents, a little BWL-brother and an adorable sister. Neglected by his parents and having to survive on his own since he was 4. Luckily he got Sirius. He is a great wizard and sets out to change the Wizard world. How will his life turn out with all the different hardships. Definitely not your usual wrong BWL-story. Takes a turn at chapter 5! Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Family/Adventure - Chapters: 18 - Words: 76,973 - Reviews: 161 - Favs: 473 - Follows: 659 - Updated: 6/3 - Published: 3/21/2015 - Harry P. Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor by sprinter1988 reviews Before the start of fifth year Dumbledore changes the plans. Unfortunately he didn't bother to inform Harry. At his trial, Harry realises that it is down to him to save his own skin. To do so his Slytherin side must come out to play, and once it's out it sticks around turning life at Hogwarts on its head. Warnings: EvilDumbles, SheepOrder/Staff, GoodGuysDontGetEverythingTheirWay Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Drama - Chapters: 36 - Words: 211,722 - Reviews: 7942 - Favs: 11,277 - Follows: 14,834 - Updated: 5/26 - Published: 1/16/2013 - Harry P., Susan B., Hannah A., Amelia B. The Better Man by Laume reviews Suppose the Marauders torture hadn't driven Snape to Voldemort and he had been the better man. What would the future have looked like? Warning: may now contain DH spoilers. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Drama - Chapters: 22 - Words: 81,568 - Reviews: 1990 - Favs: 3,254 - Follows: 4,108 - Updated: 5/15 - Published: 6/2/2007 - Severus S., Harry P. by pointlessjourney reviews What happens when the Nexus takes Jim Kirk and deposits him on the shores of Westeros? Watch as a powerful new note is added to the song of fire and ice. Completely AU, Featuring all your favorite characters and one character from the 24th century. Game of Thrones - Rated: K+ - English - Drama - Chapters: 12 - Words: 29,697 - Reviews: 122 - Favs: 177 - Follows: 217 - Updated: 4/23 - Published: 2/2 - Jon S., Tyrion L., Eddard S. Black as the Blood In Our Names by TimeAndLife21 reviews Regulus was drowning.Or At Least he thought he was until a woman of light came to him to offer a second chance. Thrown back into the world of the living, He basically plans from thin air to work around the new world he is in now. He will be helping Harry Potter go against the Dark Lord and saves Sirius from dying by Bella's Hand. Looks like Harry has perfect Ally on his side. AU Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Family/Drama - Chapters: 26 - Words: 169,187 - Reviews: 378 - Favs: 531 - Follows: 794 - Updated: 4/22 - Published: 10/29/2014 - Harry P., Sirius B., Severus S., Regulus B. by Quetzalcoatls reviews End of 4th year and Voldemort's back,but Harrys not waiting for him to make the first move SnowPoint Academy,hidden in the frozen reaches of the Antarctic ocean,is nothing like Hogwarts, but to win this war that may be exactly what Harry needs,but darker things are stirring in the shadows, and nothing is sure.fusion with Heralds of Valdemar(fut. AU) Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Fantasy - Chapters: 25 - Words: 103,255 - Reviews: 1715 - Favs: 2,266 - Follows: 3,024 - Updated: 3/22 - Published: 9/2/2012 - Harry P., Hermione G. Investigator Harry Steel by TheBlackHand724 reviews The war is over. the dark is defeated. but the government is still corrupt. Harry is exiled to the U.S. where he meets the family he didn't know he had, and takes up the family trade. Multi crossover after chapter 18. and Harry/Multi after chapter 38 T for Language and Violence. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Romance - Chapters: 57 - Words: 403,710 - Reviews: 861 - Favs: 851 - Follows: 1,032 - Updated: 3/21 - Published: 3/2/2015 - [Harry P., OC] [Hermione G., Neville L.] Sorcery, UNITed, Independence, Space by Tangerine-Alert reviews Post-OotP, Harry decides to leave his relatives to ready himself for Voldemort, something Dumbledore seems unwilling to do. He meets a Brigadier and quickly finds Earth is not alone. Not Horcrux compliant. (Written Post-OotP) ARCHIVED-Errors/issues won't be fixed. Crossover - Doctor Who & Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Drama - Chapters: 57 - Words: 213,846 - Reviews: 942 - Favs: 1,174 - Follows: 551 - Updated: 2/8 - Published: 5/7/2006 - Brigadier, Harry P. - Complete Harry Potter in the Claw of the Raven by BakenandEggs reviews When a more studious Harry Potter entered Gringotts with Hagrid, the Goblins managed to talk to him privately - Dumbledore never saw that one coming. A Ravenclaw Harry story. Warning: child abuse, character bashing, and pureblood society. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Friendship - Chapters: 10 - Words: 56,257 - Reviews: 394 - Favs: 1,747 - Follows: 1,390 - Updated: 12/26/2015 - Published: 9/8/2015 - Harry P., Draco M. - Complete by BloodRedDemon reviews Neglected in favour of his younger brother, Harry Potter always was dissatisfied. His Parents and their friends fawned over Thomas, no matter what the older brother did. Harry upped and left; why would he have stayed? 6 years later, Harry Potter found a new home. The boy is in the middle of it all, though. What will his role be? Where will his allegiance lie? Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Romance - Chapters: 30 - Words: 147,789 - Reviews: 1830 - Favs: 4,696 - Follows: 5,779 - Updated: 11/17/2015 - Published: 11/17/2014 - Harry P., Fleur D., Daphne G., Tracey D. Harry the Hufflepuff by Megark reviews There is a single point of divergence from this and canon. See if you can find it. "This is your Epic Fan Fiction. After you have been bathed in its Glory, you will be Changed and Perfected." -My Beta, after 4 hours of talking about this story. Harry Potter - Rated: K+ - English - Humor/Friendship - Chapters: 20 - Words: 64,800 - Reviews: 113 - Favs: 133 - Follows: 180 - Updated: 11/15/2015 - Published: 3/19/2015 - Harry P., Ron W., Hermione G. - Complete Doing it all over again by ultimate emperor reviews Ronald Weasley goes back in time to righten things that had gone wrong. AU universe good/OOC Ron slight Hermione bashing. NOT SLASH Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Friendship - Chapters: 13 - Words: 50,488 - Reviews: 49 - Favs: 85 - Follows: 115 - Updated: 11/3/2015 - Published: 6/17/2012 - Ron W., Harry P. by Shikatanai reviews AU: At 5, an abused Harry is taken in by a powerful family. Taking the name Gabriel, he grows up into someone very different. How will Hogwarts and Voldemort react? Soldier!Harry, Neutral!Harry, implied child abuse. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Drama/Family - Chapters: 44 - Words: 160,638 - Reviews: 4053 - Favs: 5,788 - Follows: 6,297 - Updated: 10/28/2015 - Published: 12/9/2005 - Harry P. The Trusted Hero by Blueowl reviews This is a what-if spin-off from the fanfic 'The Hidden Hero' by Evebb, answering the question: What would have happened if Dumbledore had believed and supported Mark (aka Harry) at the end of chapter 19? Mentor!Sensible!Dumbledore Enabled!Light!Harry. Giants, Dark Arts, Ministry takeover, Horcruxes, Undesirables, Harry masquerading as a muggleborn. No Deathly Hallows, MoD, or H/G Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Adventure - Chapters: 18 - Words: 75,159 - Reviews: 293 - Favs: 334 - Follows: 291 - Updated: 8/3/2015 - Published: 4/1/2015 - Harry P., Albus D. - Complete Time to Put Your Galleons Where Your Mouth Is by Tsume Yuki reviews Harry had never been able to comprehend a sibling relationship before, but he always thought he'd be great at it. Until, as Master of Death, he's reborn one Turais Rigel Black, older brother to Sirius and Regulus. (Rebirth/time travel and Master of Death Harry) Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Family/Adventure - Chapters: 21 - Words: 46,303 - Reviews: 2403 - Favs: 10,381 - Follows: 4,041 - Updated: 1/14/2015 - Published: 8/11/2014 - Harry P., Sirius B., Regulus B., Walburga B. - Complete Where No Wizard has Gone Before by Blueowl reviews Harry has been reborn time and time again after becoming the Master of Death, living through hundreds of lifetimes in dozens of universes, but this rebirth is strange even by his standards—no doubt thanks to how he had died the last time. StarTrek:TNG/HarryPotter Powerful!Harry MoD!Harry, Guinan, Q, Borg, Lwaxana. COMPLETE Crossover - StarTrek: The Next Generation & Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Sci-Fi - Chapters: 9 - Words: 35,120 - Reviews: 342 - Favs: 1,336 - Follows: 753 - Updated: 12/21/2014 - Published: 11/26/2014 - J. Picard, Q, D. Troi, Harry P. - Complete by ChipmonkOnSpeed reviews AU- Given up after that fateful night, a prodigious Harry Potter ends up in America, working as a Lab Tech/Federal Agent. Now his family wants him back, but can he trust their motives? Can he trust his own? Multi-crossover. Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Humor - Chapters: 27 - Words: 136,637 - Reviews: 2074 - Favs: 4,358 - Follows: 2,599 - Updated: 8/24/2014 - Published: 2/27/2007 - Harry P., Albus D., OC - Complete Inspected By No 13 by Clell65619 reviews When he learns that flying anywhere near a Dragon is a recipe for suicide, Harry tries a last minute change of tactics, one designed to use the power of the Bureaucracy forcing him to compete against itself. Little does he know that his solution is its own kind of trap. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Humor/Parody - Chapters: 3 - Words: 18,472 - Reviews: 1116 - Favs: 4,660 - Follows: 1,983 - Updated: 8/20/2014 - Published: 6/26/2014 - Complete by DobbyElfLord reviews Dark curses don't play nice- not even with each other. When nine year-old Harry is bitten by a werewolf, the horcrux fights back. The result could only happen to Harry Potter. Canon-ish for the first three years of Hogwarts - AU from that point forward. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Humor/Adventure - Chapters: 23 - Words: 152,524 - Reviews: 3589 - Favs: 7,465 - Follows: 8,381 - Updated: 8/15/2014 - Published: 5/11/2012 - Harry P. Master of Wood, Water and Hill by Karmic Acumen reviews Bilbo Baggins wondered what Gandalf was thinking. Oh well, Bag End would sort him out. His house did NOT approve of vandalism, thank you very much. That rune carved into his door learned it personally. Besides, it served the wizard right for not heeding the rumors about Bilbo and the Old Forest. Hobbit - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Humor - Chapters: 5 - Words: 60,226 - Reviews: 338 - Favs: 1,428 - Follows: 1,431 - Updated: 5/11/2014 - Published: 2/9/2014 - Bilbo B., Thorin, Kíli, Fíli Knives in the Dark by Norrrrrrrrrr reviews When Harry saves a goblin's life from Quirrell before beginning his first year, he sets off a chain of events that brings the war to a head early. With an unstable, intelligent and desperate enemy facing them, how will the Wizarding world react? And how will an amoral mentor and ally affect Harry and his caretakers? This story is dead. Original planned ending included for closure. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Drama - Chapters: 61 - Words: 97,025 - Reviews: 950 - Favs: 1,237 - Follows: 1,509 - Updated: 4/12/2014 - Published: 5/4/2013 - Harry P., OC - Complete To Shape and Change by Blueowl reviews AU. Time Travel. Snape goes back in time, holding the knowledge of what is to come if he fails. No longer holding a grudge, he seeks to shape Harry into the greatest wizard of all time, starting on the day Hagrid took Harry to Diagon Alley. No Horcruxes. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure - Chapters: 34 - Words: 232,332 - Reviews: 8535 - Favs: 15,475 - Follows: 10,716 - Updated: 3/16/2014 - Published: 10/20/2010 - Harry P., Severus S. - Complete by Lord Silvere reviews Harry is a prisoner, and Bellatrix has fallen from grace. The accidental activation of Bella's treasured heirloom results in another chance for Harry. It also gives him the opportunity to make the acquaintance of the young and enigmatic Bellatrix Black as they change the course of history. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Chapters: 46 - Words: 392,449 - Reviews: 7090 - Favs: 10,097 - Follows: 7,176 - Updated: 9/21/2013 - Published: 11/14/2009 - Harry P., Bellatrix L. - Complete by Rorschach's Blot reviews It all starts with Hogwarts' Class Reunion. Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Humor - Chapters: 20 - Words: 61,134 - Reviews: 1742 - Favs: 4,454 - Follows: 3,291 - Updated: 3/2/2013 - Published: 11/14/2008 - Complete Harry Potter and The Phoenix Burning by mini-mid reviews Harry dies at the same time as Voldemort when the killing curse backfires the second time and is sent back to Kings cross station. Now however Fawkes meets him there and sends him somewhere all together different than the Hogwarts he knows. Not Slash Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure - Chapters: 20 - Words: 69,010 - Reviews: 1321 - Favs: 4,023 - Follows: 2,484 - Updated: 2/21/2013 - Published: 3/13/2011 - Harry P., James P. - Complete by loralee1 reviews AU, Post HBP Snape travels back in time to warn pre SSPS Snape about what is to come. No DH Spoilers Harry Potter - Rated: K+ - English - Chapters: 11 - Words: 41,690 - Reviews: 1165 - Favs: 2,455 - Follows: 1,585 - Updated: 11/1/2012 - Published: 9/19/2006 - Severus S., Harry P. - Complete Trust Is A Relative Thing by Silverfawkes reviews What if Petunia put the blame where it belonged instead of on Harry? OOC Petunia Dursley Rating for mild language Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Chapters: 51 - Words: 219,068 - Reviews: 5467 - Favs: 5,967 - Follows: 6,649 - Updated: 10/16/2012 - Published: 12/31/2010 - Harry P. For Whom the Bell Tolls by nefieslab reviews AU fifth year. After saving Dudley from the dementors, the ministry letter arrives to order his wand snapped. Dumbledore's letter doesn't arrive. Harry/Daphne/Susan. Rating may change. Powerful!Happy!Independant!Harry. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Romance/Adventure - Chapters: 17 - Words: 135,554 - Reviews: 1655 - Favs: 4,189 - Follows: 4,900 - Updated: 7/2/2012 - Published: 1/15/2011 - Harry P., Daphne G. A Different Halloween by robst reviews Could a chance meeting change history? What would a different Halloween in 1981 mean for wizarding Britain? Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Chapters: 20 - Words: 124,549 - Reviews: 4011 - Favs: 6,979 - Follows: 4,169 - Updated: 5/26/2012 - Published: 10/31/2010 - [Harry P., Hermione G.] - Complete A New Dawn by AlexanderD reviews SG1, Atlantis, and SGU all work towards a brighter future. Past conflicts heat up more than imagined, and a long wondered question is answered. Ancients, Tauri, Asgard, Furling, and a few others thrown in. This ties up the loose ends the writers left us. Stargate: Universe - Rated: T - English - Sci-Fi/Adventure - Chapters: 74 - Words: 295,200 - Reviews: 1288 - Favs: 602 - Follows: 425 - Updated: 4/16/2012 - Published: 4/29/2011 - Complete Back I Go by DebsTheSlytherinSnapefan reviews Harry ends up back in time twist of the usual sev is harrys father its now harry is sevs father! will Harry give Severus the childhood and future Harry has always wanted watch as severus blooms into the person he could have been. FINISHED Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Chapters: 38 - Words: 67,877 - Reviews: 705 - Favs: 1,430 - Follows: 695 - Updated: 11/2/2010 - Published: 7/8/2007 - Harry P., Severus S. - Complete When The Future Died by SpikyStar reviews He controlled the elements, it wasn't enough. He was the powerful light wizard, but Voldemort was winning. Fate sent him back. No Slash please read, future Harry going back in time! Slight AU- Retains older body. fifth year Grammer fixed. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Angst/Adventure - Chapters: 43 - Words: 155,275 - Reviews: 1445 - Favs: 1,563 - Follows: 1,652 - Updated: 9/9/2010 - Published: 12/28/2007 - Harry P. by GenkaiFan reviews Harry has had enough of seeing his reputation shredded in the Daily Prophet and decides to do something about it. Only he decides to embrace his Slytherin side to rectify matters. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Drama/Humor - Chapters: 32 - Words: 74,506 - Reviews: 8452 - Favs: 17,618 - Follows: 7,235 - Updated: 6/21/2010 - Published: 12/3/2009 - Harry P. - Complete Wit of the Raven by japanese-jew reviews Highly AU. Mr. Harry Potter is age eleven, and the possibilities for his future are endless. The magic system of Harry Potter has essentially been turned on its head. Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Chapters: 14 - Words: 101,733 - Reviews: 888 - Favs: 1,417 - Follows: 1,565 - Updated: 5/22/2010 - Published: 1/6/2006 - Harry P. Doctor John Watson, Police Surgeon Scotland Yard 5 by Bartimus Crotchety reviews This is the story of how the bravest and most singular person I have ever met, took down the most dangerous man in London, Colonel Jack Moran. In spite of what you might have heard, that man was not Sherlock Holmes. This is the true Empty House. Sherlock Holmes - Rated: T - English - Mystery/Crime - Chapters: 9 - Words: 32,369 - Reviews: 105 - Favs: 62 - Follows: 23 - Updated: 1/16/2010 - Published: 11/27/2009 - Dr. Watson, Inspector Lestrade - Complete Doctor John Watson, Police Surgeon Scotland Yard 4 by Bartimus Crotchety reviews A year ago a new killer stalked the East End. Baffling the Yard at every turn he left five dead. Shaken by their inability to capture him, the Yard turned to Doctor Watson. A new body turns up with the same trademarks. Can a very ill Watson prevail? Sherlock Holmes - Rated: T - English - Crime/Mystery - Chapters: 10 - Words: 38,336 - Reviews: 90 - Favs: 42 - Follows: 10 - Updated: 10/20/2009 - Published: 9/1/2009 - Inspector Lestrade, Dr. Watson - Complete Harry Potter and the Determinations of Fate by Baronvonblack reviews Like ripples through water, a single event can change the entire course of history. For Harry, all it took was meeting a misty-eyed Ravenclaw a year earlier... Major AU later Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Romance/Fantasy - Chapters: 11 - Words: 41,199 - Reviews: 536 - Favs: 1,284 - Follows: 1,572 - Updated: 10/12/2009 - Published: 8/7/2008 - Harry P., Luna L. Doctor John Watson, Police Surgeon Scotland Yard 3 by Bartimus Crotchety reviews Doctor John Watson has very few things left that he values, his reputation is one. Suddenly, he is being tarnished by an all too familiar face from his past. Someone demanding his help before the fog rolls in and the killer stalking him strikes again. Sherlock Holmes - Rated: T - English - Crime/Mystery - Chapters: 5 - Words: 16,225 - Reviews: 52 - Favs: 42 - Follows: 7 - Updated: 8/4/2009 - Published: 7/17/2009 - Dr. Watson, Inspector Lestrade - Complete Mahou mo Ken by Enterprise1701-d reviews When Harry cries out for help during a nightmare, halfway around the world somebody listens. Somebody that will change the way Harry looks at magic... forever. On hiatus. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Romance - Chapters: 10 - Words: 151,685 - Reviews: 719 - Favs: 1,710 - Follows: 1,915 - Updated: 7/6/2009 - Published: 3/15/2007 - Harry P., Luna L. Doctor John Watson, Police Surgeon Scotland Yard 2 by Bartimus Crotchety reviews To save his sanity, John Watson became a Yarder. He is now their top man in autopsy, and has become their chief investigative asset. However, there is a brilliant man posing as Sherlock Holmes in London, and he wants his Boswell at any cost! Sherlock Holmes - Rated: T - English - Mystery/Crime - Chapters: 5 - Words: 19,326 - Reviews: 52 - Favs: 48 - Follows: 8 - Updated: 7/3/2009 - Published: 6/19/2009 - Dr. Watson, Inspector Lestrade - Complete Doctor John Watson, Police Surgeon: Scotland Yard by Bartimus Crotchety reviews Scotland Yard is struggling. They have cases they cannot solve and people are dying as a result...they need help. John Watson is struggling. He lost his best friend, his wife, and his health...he needs a purpose. The criminals have a new force to fear. Sherlock Holmes - Rated: T - English - Crime/Mystery - Chapters: 5 - Words: 15,725 - Reviews: 69 - Favs: 96 - Follows: 26 - Updated: 6/11/2009 - Published: 6/6/2009 - Dr. Watson, Inspector Lestrade - Complete Searching for Disaster by Shadow Rebirth reviews ABANDONED. Owls, cauldrons, and pointed hats? Harry Potter was not amused. And he still wasn't entirely sure that his human trafficking theory had been wrong. Warning! Features a very cynical Harry. [AU, no pairings.] Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure/Humor - Chapters: 10 - Words: 40,849 - Reviews: 1030 - Favs: 2,580 - Follows: 2,830 - Updated: 6/10/2009 - Published: 7/12/2008 - Harry P. The Roaring Snake by maidros78 reviews AU to PS. Starts with Harry's visit to Diagon Alley. Follows the general outline of PS, but diverges from canon. HarryMillicent. proactive Minerva intelligent, observant and socially active Harry manipulation attempts by Dumbledore, Lucius, Voldemort. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Mystery/Adventure - Chapters: 30 - Words: 139,938 - Reviews: 970 - Favs: 1,024 - Follows: 893 - Updated: 5/17/2009 - Published: 8/13/2007 - Harry P., Millicent B. - Complete The Prometheus Encounter by Tangerine-Alert reviews HP/UNIT/SG1 crossover. Testing an Ancient hyperdrive flings the Prometheus and SG1 into another universe where Harry Potter, Night Wolf and magic greet them. ARCHIVED-Errors/issues won't be fixed TV X-overs - Rated: T - English - Drama/Sci-Fi - Chapters: 21 - Words: 110,518 - Reviews: 147 - Favs: 136 - Follows: 157 - Updated: 3/9/2009 - Published: 1/14/2008 - Complete by fake a smile reviews It's the summer before Harry's 6th year, and Harry is wracked with grief. But what happens when Harry makes a vow to himself to take control of his life? Harry's life takes a sharp turn when he gets an unexpected visitor one night. HPGW Independent!Harry Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure - Chapters: 28 - Words: 523,307 - Reviews: 2903 - Favs: 5,932 - Follows: 3,053 - Updated: 11/15/2008 - Published: 5/23/2006 - Harry P., Ginny W. - Complete Harry Potter and the Secret of the Ancients by Towrag reviews What if Harry Potter and Daniel Jackson were the same people just at different times in their lives? Crossover - Stargate: SG-1 & Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Adventure/Romance - Chapters: 3 - Words: 35,077 - Reviews: 252 - Favs: 533 - Follows: 730 - Updated: 7/7/2008 - Published: 2/16/2008 - Harry P. The Hidden Hero by EveBB reviews AU What if Harry knew he was a wizard and about the prophecy before he went to Hogwarts? What if he was kicked out of the Dursleys and decided to attend Hogwarts disguised as a muggleborn? Harry Ginny Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Chapters: 36 - Words: 181,065 - Reviews: 3074 - Favs: 3,733 - Follows: 1,253 - Updated: 1/28/2008 - Published: 1/6/2008 - Harry P. - Complete by Tangerine-Alert reviews Harry Potter, UNIT, NCIS xover. Harry has completed training with UNIT and been ordered 6 months off duty, he goes on a road trip in America…but is ordered back on duty to deal with an auction…and NCIS ARCHIVED-Errors/issues won't be fixed TV X-overs - Rated: T - English - Drama/Sci-Fi - Chapters: 12 - Words: 46,070 - Reviews: 122 - Favs: 173 - Follows: 88 - Updated: 9/24/2007 - Published: 7/8/2007 - Complete The TriSchool Tournament by DisobedienceWriter reviews One shot, AU of GOF. Here’s the story I wish I had found when I read GoF or GoF fanfiction. New, harder tasks. Observant!Smart!Harry. On the outs with Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, and Hogwarts in general. No pairings. Harry Potter - Rated: K - English - Adventure/Angst - Chapters: 2 - Words: 31,882 - Reviews: 283 - Favs: 1,881 - Follows: 551 - Updated: 9/3/2007 - Published: 8/31/2007 - Harry P. - Complete A Year with Q by Morena Evensong reviews Q loses a bet with his son. Now he must pretend to be a sixth year student at Hogwarts without using any of his powers. How will Hogwarts react to the new student? Will Q survive the year? x-over with Star Trek: TNG and Voyager. Crossover - StarTrek: The Next Generation & Harry Potter - Rated: K+ - English - Humor/Sci-Fi - Chapters: 43 - Words: 154,373 - Reviews: 696 - Favs: 490 - Follows: 325 - Updated: 8/2/2007 - Published: 6/9/2004 - Q UNIT: Night Wolf – Beginnings by Tangerine-Alert reviews Doctor WhoUNIT crossover Harry Potter. UNIT: Night Wolf, a covert division within UNIT, Night Wolf would explore and research alien technology…and magic… and whatever other threats that come to pass... ARCHIVED-Errors/issues won't be fixed TV X-overs - Rated: T - English - Drama/Sci-Fi - Chapters: 46 - Words: 161,121 - Reviews: 194 - Favs: 90 - Follows: 77 - Updated: 7/5/2007 - Published: 6/27/2006 - Complete Flames of Betrayal by marietsy2 reviews Harry was sent to Azkaban and was later found to be innocent. With the help of Ron, he will find out who his true friends are. Will he forgive those who betrayed him? Will he be able to let the world know what kind of man Dumbledore really is? Who Harry Potter - Rated: M - English - Drama/Humor - Chapters: 36 - Words: 200,869 - Reviews: 1178 - Favs: 1,957 - Follows: 1,783 - Updated: 3/23/2007 - Published: 1/9/2006 - Harry P., Ron W. Time to Live by loralee1 reviews Post OotP No HBP Takes place summer after fifth year. After defeating Voldemort Harrry decides it's time for him to live his own life. No slash. Sequel to follow. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Adventure - Chapters: 31 - Words: 68,807 - Reviews: 1354 - Favs: 2,652 - Follows: 1,234 - Updated: 2/16/2007 - Published: 3/22/2006 - Harry P. - Complete A Better Man by Valandar reviews Vernon changed in the beginning to be a better man, thanks to a wish. How will this affect Harry, and the entire Wizarding World? Now complete! Please R&R. AU, HPGW, RWHG, RLNT Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Drama - Chapters: 54 - Words: 192,896 - Reviews: 1652 - Favs: 2,117 - Follows: 689 - Updated: 9/5/2006 - Published: 8/12/2005 - Ginny W., Harry P. - Complete Make A Wish by Rorschach's Blot reviews Harry has learned the prophesy and he does not believe that a schoolboy can defeat Voldemort, so he decides that if he is going to die then he is first going to live. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Humor/Adventure - Chapters: 50 - Words: 187,589 - Reviews: 10089 - Favs: 14,429 - Follows: 4,306 - Updated: 6/17/2006 - Published: 3/23/2005 - Harry P. - Complete A Parents Secret Gift by EvilDaystar reviews What if Harry's parents had put in place a few contingency plans for Harry's future. How different would his life have been in the magical world then? Harry Potter first year AU story with some Albus Dumbledore perspective every now and again. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Chapters: 30 - Words: 96,943 - Reviews: 602 - Favs: 1,604 - Follows: 493 - Published: 6/5/2006 - Harry P., Albus D. - Complete by old-crow reviews Complete. Harry makes a decision at the train platform at the end of year 5. Two little words change lives forever. Revised 606. Harry Potter - Rated: T - English - Romance/Angst - Chapters: 20 - Words: 95,688 - Reviews: 2936 - Favs: 5,424 - Follows: 1,361 - Updated: 5/26/2005 - Published: 2/21/2005 - Harry P., Hermione G. - Complete
For the third episode of The Trade Marks, Dylan and I are joined by Kevin Kleinrock, currently the President of Masked Republic (which owns LuchaShop.com – Use coupon code BIX to get 10% off all items!) and formerly the Vice President of XPW and Big Vision Entertainment to talk about the rise and fall of DVDs in pro wrestling. We cover a ton of relevant topics including lots of background on VHS and the home video market, what the move to DVD improved for everyone, the mainstream DVD boom, how WWE helped condition fans, ROH and Smark Video Video’s places in the market, how getting indies into retail worked, the collapse of the DVD market, and what the future holds. Lots of great discussion here. For a direct download link, click here. If you enjoy the show, please consider using my Amazon Associates link and/or donating to my Patreon, both of which are also handily linked in the top menu of davidbix.com. If you’d like to donate on a one-time basis, you can use the PayPal donation button in the right sidebar. To subscribe, go to my iTunes podcast listing or use my Feedburner feed to subscribe in all other podcast catchers. The show is also available for streaming on Stitcher Radio and TuneInRadio, as well. Please take a moment to leave a positive review on iTunes and/or Stitcher if you enjoy the show.
6 Lenamont Court, Dunsborough Sold for $ 690,000 TICKS ALL OF THE BOXES! House - Property ID: 842046 PROPERTIES IN WINDLEMERE ESTATE ARE HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER DUE TO THE GREAT LOCATION OF BEING SO CLOSE TO TOWN WHILST THE LARGE BLOCK SIZES CREATE A SEMI RURAL FEEL. THIS ABODE IS WELL POSITIONED ON A 1,679 SQM BLOCK AMONGST LANDSCAPED GARDENS & LAWNS.THIS PROPERTY IS TRULY A ONE OFF OPPORTUNITY. - This spacious 4 bedroom 2 bathroom + study home is well located in a quiet cul-de-sac. - The large open plan kitchen/living/dining area has been thoughtfully designed for functional family living. - The kitchen boasts an expansive breakfast bar that forms the hub of the home. - Plenty of storage space, gas stove and oven, separate grill, large pantry and double sink complete the kitchen. - A separate family room located at the front of the home features floating timber floor boards and provides that much needed 2nd living zone for either the kids or parents. - Climate controlled via the air conditioner in the main living zone and a cosy wood fire in the dining area. - The main bedroom features a ensuite, walk in robe and reverse cycle air conditioning. - The enclosed and spacious alfresco area is the external centre of attention' featuring a fantastic pizza oven to ensure effortless entertaining all year round. - A Bali style gazebo overlooks the below ground salt water swimming pool. - Easy maintenance & fully reticulated lawns and gardens surround the home. - The bonus of side access via the sealed driveway that connects to the workshop located in the backyard. - The 45 m2 (approx.) powered workshop has an additional undercover bay perfect for the boat or caravan. - Currently tenanted at $500 per week until the 7th of July 2017. - This location is very popular - So call me today to view this property that will tick all of the boxes! - Land Size Approx. - 1679 m2 - Close to Schools - Close to Shops - Close to Transport - Secure Parking
How to Identify Common Bites and Stings Getting bitten by a bug can be a creepy experience, especially if you don’t know what tiny creature left you with that red, throbbing welt on your skin. Don’t panic. Most bites and stings from common insects are harmless and heal quickly. But some bites and stings, like those from fire ants, wasps, hornets, and bees, may cause intense pain or even an allergic reaction. Others, like poisonous spider bites, require immediate emergency medical care. Symptoms of bug bites provide clues to the cause and severity. For example, most bug bites cause red bumps with pain, itching, or burning. Some bug bites also feature blisters or welts. Tick bites can carry Lyme disease with a rash that looks like a bull’s-eye. Most bug bites are transmitted directly from the insect, and most bug bites occur outdoors. Two exceptions are bedbugs — tiny mites that live in and near beds — and lice, which spread through contact with an infected person, a comb, or clothing. The best way to prevent insect bites is to avoid insects, wear protective clothing, use pesticide, not eat foods or wear fragrances that attract bugs, and know your own personal risk for having an allergic reaction to a bug bite. Because certain bites can also spread illnesses such as the Zika virus and West Nile virus (both transmitted by mosquito), Lyme disease (from a black-legged tick), Rocky Mountain spotted fever (from a dog or wood tick), or Chagas disease (from kissing bugs), it's good to know what bit you. Learning to identify a bug bite by how it looks and feels will help you know whether to seek medical care or treat the skin bump at home. A mosquito bite appears as an itchy round, red, or pink skin bump. It's usually harmless but can sometimes cause a serious illness, such as the Zika virus (particularly harmful in pregnant women), the West Nile virus, or malaria. For most people, Zika causes a brief, flu-like illness. But pregnant women with Zika infection have had an alarming increase in microcephaly birth defects in their newborns — a debilitatingly small head and brain size. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) posted a 2016 travel alert advising pregnant women to delay travel to 50 areas where Zika is active including Latin America and the Caribbean. About 2,000 U.S. cases of the West Nile virus were reported to the CDC in 2014. Symptoms appear 2 to 14 days after the bite and can include headaches, body aches, fever, vomiting, diarrhea, and a skin rash. People with a more severe West Nile infection may develop meningitis or encephalitis, and have symptoms including neck stiffness, severe headache, disorientation, high fever, and convulsions. The bite of a parasite-infected mosquito can cause malaria — a rare occurence in the United States, with only about 1,500 cases reported by the CDC each year. Symptoms are similar to the flu and can include fever, headache, muscle aches, nausea, and vomiting from 10 days to 4 weeks after the bite. Malaria is serious, but it's good to know it is preventable and treatable, according to the CDC. Bed Bug Bites You probably won't feel pain when a bed bug bites, but you may see a row of two or more red marks on your skin. Some people develop a mild or severe allergic reaction to the bug's saliva between 24 hours and three days later. This can result in a raised, red skin bump or welt that's intensely itchy and inflamed for several days. This can also include hives, and may mean a trip to your healthcare provider for treatment, notes the American Academy of Dermatology. Bed bug bites can occur anywhere on your body, but typically show up on uncovered areas, such as your neck, face, arms, and hands. It's good to know that although they're common, bed bugs do not carry disease, according to the CDC. Most spider bites are not poisonous and cause only minor symptoms like red skin, swelling, and pain at the site. Other spider bites are a real emergency. If you develop an allergic reaction to a spider bite, with symptoms such as tightness in the chest, breathing problems, swallowing difficulties, or swelling of the face, you need medical care at once. Because spider bites can get infected with tetanus, the CDC also recommends staying on top of your tetanus booster shots and getting one every 10 years. A bite from a poisonous spider like the black widow or brown recluse is extremely dangerous and can cause a severe reaction. The black widow's bite, which shows up as two puncture marks, may or may not be painful at first. But 30 to 40 minutes later, you may have pain and swelling in the area. Within eight hours, you may experience muscle pain and rigidity, stomach and back pain, nausea and vomiting, and breathing difficulties. You might not have seen the spider that bit you, but always seek medical attention immediately if there's a possibility you could have been bitten by a poisonous spider. Call 911 or the American Association of Poison Control Centers at 800-222-1222. Brown Recluse Spider Bites The brown recluse spider is poisonous and usually lives in dark and unused spaces. Some people feel a small sting followed immediately by a sharp pain, while others don't realize they've gotten a brown recluse bite until hours later. Four to eight hours afterward, the bite may become more painful and look like a bruise or blister with a blue-purple area around it. Later, the bite becomes crusty and turns dark. Symptoms of a brown recluse spider bite occur within a few hours and include fever, chills, itching, nausea, and sweating. Because some people will have a serious reaction that can lead to kidney failure, seizure, and coma, it's important to get medical care at once, according to the NIH National Library of Medicine. Be sure to seek medical attention immediately if you could have been bitten by a poisonous spider, by calling 911 or the American Association of Poison Control Centers at 800-222-1222. Some tick bites can be dangerous because they may carry disease. Black-legged ticks, formerly known as deer ticks, may carry Lyme disease, and dog ticks can spread Rocky Mountain spotted fever. Up to 30,000 cases of Lyme disease are reported each year in the United States. Symptoms of Lyme disease include a skin rash in the pattern of rings, much like a bull’s-eye on a target, that appears up to a month after the tick bite. You may also have fever, fatigue, headaches, muscle and joint aches, as well as irregular heart rhythms. But 20 to 30 percent of people who get infected never develop a rash. Symptoms such as swollen or painful joints, memory loss, or other autoimmune responses that mimic those of other diseases may present themselves later, when Lyme disease is in its advanced stages. A diagnosis may remain elusive because many doctors will not equate these symptoms with Lyme disease. Rocky Mountain spotted fever from a tick bite is rare, with about 2,500 U.S. cases per year. It causes a fever, headache, muscle aches, and a skin rash. The rash begins on the ankles and wrists after a few days of fever, but later the rash spreads to the rest of the body; in some people, a rash never develops. Although this infection can be severe — and even fatal — it is preventable and can be successfully treated with prompt medical care, according to the CDC. Symptoms of flea bites may begin within hours after you're bitten, and the bites tend to appear in groups of three or four. You may notice itching, hives, and swelling around an injury or sore, or a rash of small, red bumps that may or may not bleed. Flea bites are more common on your ankles, in your armpits, around your waist, and in the bends of your knees and elbows. A flea-bite rash turns white when you press on it and tends to get larger or spread over time. Scratching the rash can lead to a skin infection, according to the NIH National Library of Medicine, and may need medical attention. In extremely rare cases, the bites of fleas infected with the bacteria that causes plague can spread the disease from wild rodents to pets and to people. Over the past 10 years, as few as one, and as many as 17, cases of plague were reported in the United States, according to the CDC, most in the rural West. Symptoms of plague include swollen lymph nodes, headache, fever, and chills that appear from one to six days after the bite. Bee stings cause a sharp pain that may continue for a few minutes, then fade to a dull, aching feeling. The area may still feel sore to the touch a few days later. A red skin bump with white around it may appear around the site of the sting, and the area may itch and feel hot to the touch. If you've been stung by a bee before, your body may also have an immune response to the venom in the sting, resulting in swelling where the sting occurred or in an entire area of your body. If you have this type of allergic response, called anaphylaxis, it is a medical emergency that needs treatment immediately. Symptoms of severe allergy to a bee sting include hives, swelling, trouble breathing, dizziness, cramps, nausea, diarrhea, and even cardiac arrest. Lice bites are tiny red spots on the shoulders, neck, and scalp from small parasitic insects that can live on your clothes or in your bedding. Because lice bites are so small, they usually don’t hurt, but they do itch. Some people may develop a larger, uncomfortable skin rash from lice bites. Continual scratching of the itchy spots could lead to an infection marked by symptoms including swollen lymph nodes and tender, red skin. An infected lice bite may also ooze and crust over, and will need to be treated by a doctor, but lice are not known to carry other diseases. Ant Bites and Stings Ant bites and stings are typically painful and cause red skin bumps. Some types of ants, like fire ants, are venomous and can cause a severe allergy. Fire ants bite first to hold on and then sting, giving a sharp pain and a burning sensation. If you're bitten by fire ants, you may see white, fluid-filled pustules or blisters (pictured above) a day or two after the sting that last three to eight days and may cause scars. The bumps may also be itchy and red, and you may have swelling around the site. It's important not to scratch or break the blisters open, because they can become infected, notes the American College of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology. Carpenter ants bites are also painful because they spray formic acid into the bite, which causes a burning feeling. Mite and Chigger Bites Mite bites do not usually spread disease, but they can irritate the skin and cause intense itching. Itch mites usually feed on insects but will bite other animals, including people. The bites usually go unnoticed until itchy, red marks develop that may look like a skin rash. Chiggers are a form of mite that inject their saliva so that they can liquefy and eat skin. In response to the chigger bite, the skin around the bite hardens. As the picture above illustrates, the surrounding skin becomes irritated and inflamed, and an itchy red welt develops. Mites also cause the condition called scabies which is contagious from person to person, notes the CDC. Female scabies mites burrow into the skin to lay eggs. When the eggs hatch, the larvae come to the skin surface, begin to molt, and burrow back into the skin to feed. This results in a skin rash that may look like acne pimples and create intense itching that gets worse at night. You may also notice light, thin lines on the skin where the mites have burrowed, including between the fingers, in the bends at the wrists and knees, and under jewelry on the wrists and fingers. - Dr. James L. Castner/Corbis Kissing Bug Bites Kissing bugs, also known as assassin bugs, can pass on the parasites that cause Chagas disease. According to September 2015 research from the University of Texas at El Paso published in Acta Tropica, more than half of these insects carry the parasite. In the United States, Chagas disease affects about 300,000 people, according to the CDC. Kissing bugs hide in the daytime but emerge at night, often leaving bites on the face and causing a swollen eyelid. In the first few weeks after infection, symptoms of Chagas disease can include fever, fatigue, body aches, headache, rash, a loss of appetite, diarrhea, and vomiting. But in the long term, and even decades later, the CDC notes that about 30 percent of people infected by kissing bugs will develop serious complications of Chagas disease: an enlarged heart, heart failure, abnormal heart rhythm, cardiac arrest, or an enlarged colon, also known as megacolon. - Last Updated: 06/05/17 - Last Updated: 06/05/17
2006-05-12 21:16:32 UTC It was reported from Kennewick, Washington, that Phillip Hickle, who suffered severe burns 10 years ago when he inadvertently stepped into a smoldering pile of grape waste while hunting, died, Saturday May 6, 2006, at the age of 25. Hickle died Saturday at his home. He appeared to have died of natural causes but more tests will be done, said Alberta "Bert" Redwing, Benton County's deputy coroner. Hickle was 16 when he suffered burns over 55 percent of his body. His legs were amputated and he lost partial use of one hand. He spent nine months recuperating in Seattle hospitals. The waste he stepped into, grape skins, pulp, seeds and vine, was dumped in large pits and covered with soil. As it decomposed, spontaneous combustion would ignite the material. It smoldered at temperatures as high as 507 degrees. The Hickle family sued the farmer who owned the land and the two fruit producers and eventually settled out of court with all three parties. Hickle never really recovered from the accident, his mother, Beierle Hickle, said from Lewiston, Idaho. "We still had our son, brother and grandson, but he was a different person. Everything was so hard for him," she said. "The doctors said it was amazing that he even lived through the accident." Hickle missed most of his sophomore year in high school, though he did eventually finish. On May 1, 2000, Hickle used crutches to cross the stage and accept his diploma. His 144 classmates gave him a standing
Adopting a friend Funding for Animals In Distress comes from donations made when a cat comes to us privately or when we place a kitty in a new home. This kind of donation is requested to help defray the cat's medical costs. We also receive charitable donations from our wonderful members and other private benefactors. Donations to Animals In Distress are tax deductible and allowed to the fullest extent of the law. =^..^= We do not receive any funding from the Town of Wilton. =^..^= Adult cats (6 months and older): $125.00 - all adult cats are spayed or neutered. =^..^= Kittens: $150.00 (includes the cost of spay /neuter) Please note that for the protection of our cats and to facilitate a happily ever after for all, potential adoptive guardians are required to fill out an application and must be approved before the adoption is finalized. Save time! An online application is available. Fill in and email before your arrival. Meet our cats! Visit our adoptable pet list from petfinder.com to see photos and descriptions of friends who are currently available for adoption.
Recently coined medallions supposedly to commemorate newly elected Pope Frances and put on sale by the Vatican have thereon a misspelling of the word, Jesus. There is an 'L' where the 'J' is supposed to be. How embarrassing. Per the article: Apparently the Vatican wasn't using spell check. The Holy See has recalled thousands of commemorative papal medals after the word "Jesus" was misspelled as "Lesus." According to the Vatican Information Service, more than 6,000 of the medals were produced by the Italian State Mint to commemorate the beginning of Francis' papacy....After the medal mishap was made public, one observer noted on Twitter: "I blame the Lesuits." Since it was in Latin, it was probably intended to be an "i" but the person who actually set the lettering probably misread it, since some people write their i's in a way that makes them look like l's. AND this person, presumably Catholic, didn't know Latin. An ironic mistake, seeing as how the church spent many centuries making sure the populace was illiterate, and therefore unable to read their bibles and prayers. It was probably a Freudian slip involving money Laundering. This was exactly what I thought, except that I am wondering why the "s" on the end? Is that in the Latin version? (I definitely don't know Latin either, which is why this is a question rather than a statement!) Latin has a lot of cases, which denote whether a word is a subject, direct object, indirect object, etc. In this case, Jesus is the subject of the sentence, so requires the nominative case, which ends in "s" for masculine words. Not ever having been a Christian, and not having studied Christian scripture or prayer, I actually don't know the derivation of "Jesu", which is found in prayers, except that it might be German, because the most famous phrase is Bach's "Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring". But if you notice, the "s" is found at the end of pretty much all male Latinized names, including the Jewish prophets -- Jews say "Elijah" or "Isaiah", or "Jeremiah" whereas the Christians say "Elias", "Isaias" and "Jeremias". Needless to say, the Jewish spelling is much closer to the original Hebrew. Or could it be a misspelling of Nexus by an atheist in the closet? I seriously thought it might have been done by a mole who didn't care about blowing his or her cover. L is the new J. Haven't you heard? Papal decree. Do you mean L means 'ell ?. wow - you would think they would have an editor Wow-Jesus can make a "special guest appearance" on toast, but his closest followers weren't warned of their spelling errors. Maybe Lesus is a combo of Jesus and Lazarus? They could try to save face by selling that idea. I think they should try to pull more youth into the church with a 40 pound blinged-out necklace that says "J-Dog" for Jesus. It's hard to misspell.
Secret Space Program, SSP, Revealed by David Wilcock THE FUTURE IS MORE WONDERFUL THAN WE CAN IMAGINE As one of many examples, California’s water crisis should be solvable within a matter of a few months once we get disclosure. In fact, water could quickly become California’s most profitable export, sending it to parched regions all throughout Middle America and beyond. Multiple technologies already exist that can easily de-salinate ocean water. California is right next to an ocean. There is water everywhere! What is the problem? ”Water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink”may have been true in the pirate era, but we do have the means to alleviate those problems today. One of the technologies we are directly aware of will desalinate ocean water, generate free energy and produce any element in the Periodic Table as a by-product. This technology already has the quiet support of one of the most prestigious universities in the country. I have heard about it from more than one independent source. On a personal level, knowing these technologies exist and that they have not been released yet is extremely frustrating. For now, I continue to be almost ridiculously over-conservative with my water usage. Days without showering and the yellow toilet. Good thing I live alone. 🙂 It is interesting to simultaneously reflect on the fact that ”the darkest hour is before the dawn,” and we are far closer to it than most people could ever imagine. THE ”AFTER DISCLOSURE” WORLD WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING We are on the verge of an epic series of disclosures that will make all other information, books, videos and media in the UFO field seem hopelessly outdated. Everyone will be suddenly flooded with a ”learning curve” that will simultaneously be more amazing and more horrifying than they had ever imagined. Never again will we look at the records from our current civilization the same way. In the ”After Disclosure” or AD world, everything will be very different. Yes… we are going to need to learn some pretty upsetting things to get through this transition. However, the positives far outweigh the emotional shock that the negatives will temporarily put us all through, as a planet and a (hybridized) species. There are at least 40 different humanoid extraterrestrial groups that have tinkered around with our DNA — for many thousands of years. We have a much broader spectrum of emotions than most other human species out there. It is both our single greatest weakness and our most powerful strength — once we learn how to harness its power for the positive. Like being surrounded by a drowning ocean of ”useless” sea water, once we learn the command we have over reality, our thirst for the Beyond will be slaked. OK, SO WHAT ARE THE NEGATIVES THEY ARE SO AFRAID OF US FINDING OUT ABOUT? Bottom line: there are good guys and bad guys in the universe. Both are allowed to present their messages to us. The future we experience is the result of the choices we make. Our natural destiny is to go through moments of quantum change — where the ground state of reality itself, and all the assumptions that go along with it, is fundamentally and suddenly altered. We are not protected from negativity any more than our collective free will decides. When we act in selfish, manipulative, controlling and violent ways, that in turn allows elite controllers to do the same things to us on a larger scale. ”You are blaming ME for this problem? F- you, David! I haven’t done anything wrong! I am frickin’ awesome!” Not you per se, my friend. Humanity as a collective has created these problems. Some of them have built up from thousands of years of karmic patterns. MULTI-INCARNATIONAL KARMIC ALLEVIATION As I explained inThe Synchronicity Key,the Edgar Cayce Readings detailed many hundreds of cases where people were suffering debilitating karma from acts they had performed back in ancient Rome. Examples were given including people laughing at a little girl as she got her insides ripped out by a lion in the coliseum. Despite this being a socially-acceptable pastime for the era, any sufficiently negative emotion towards another who is in pain and agony will generate karma. The weirdest and most significant realization to come out ofThe Synchronicity Keyis the fact that history keeps looping around and around, very precisely, like the movie Groundhog Day. The precision with which this happens is utterly astonishing. In some cases, the repetition can be timed almost down to the day in cycles lasting 2,160 years. In the interview transcript you are about to read, I told Jimmy Church I do not consider myself to be a smart person. That being said, figuring out how to properly investigate and write about these cycles of history, making them understandable, is probably my headiest achievement yet. WE KEEP ON REINCARNATING The benevolent ETs I so often talk about inAncient Alienson History Channel (I am a regular, featured in over 35 episodes) seeded the ”cycle numbers” in multiple cultures around the world. This area of study was so arcane that in order to rescue it for our time, it required incredible effort — pulling together tiny threads of data I encountered over 20 years of time. It also is not conducive to a show likeAncient Aliens,due to its complexity, and thus no episodes have been made about this phenomenon at this time. Now we have a solid body of evidence that history is programmed by a greater cosmic intelligence to guide us through an intelligently-defined ”script” for spiritual enlightenment. In order to be a true Christian, it is necessary to understand and accept the reality of reincarnation. According to the direct inheritors of the original teachings, this was the greatest secret of Christ. The term ”burn in hell”(Gehenna)really means to alleviate (burn off) karma. The word we now call ”eternity”(Aion)simply means a cycle of time. The ”eternal hell” we were warned about is not some cosmic purgatory we experience after death. It is happening now — and the flames are hotter than ever. THE PRIME DIRECTIVE MAKES IT TOUGH The ETs, positive or negative, are simply not allowed to make a big showing. They cannot spontaneously decide to drop in and make an appearance on the Tonight Show. The Prime Directive is not just a theme you hear about on Star Trek. It is an absolute law in the universe that all beings, positive and negative, must follow. However, certain individuals can indeed receive contact directly. This is a fundamental part of how we learn the truth, both in the past and present. Corey Goode came forward and began sharing massive amounts of intel with me on the Secret Space Program (SSP) last October, 2014. I wrote everything down as he was telling me. He independently verified hundreds of things I had heard from other insiders. It was only after he decided to officially drop his pseudonym, GoodETxSG, and come forward that he began receiving direct ET contact in the present. It has been truly surreal to hear the new updates from him as he has been pulled into well over a dozen different off-planet meetings since that time. I UNDERSTAND MOST PEOPLE PROBABLY THINK THIS IS B.S. A fundamental part of the ”Prime Directive” istruth without proof. The higher-level beings cannot simply reveal themselves to us. There must be acalling,where a sufficient number of people request their help, before intervention can occur. We are truly blessed to have ongoing ”Divine Intervention” taking place. This is the only thing that has stopped the Cabal from destroying most of our lives. THE ZOMBIE PROGRAM The Cabal has been very innovative in coming up with a multitude of different ways to try to kill the majority of people on earth. One of the more upsetting and shocking ones I learned about, from three different credible insiders, is actually called ”The Zombie Program.” Using advanced cloning techniques, 150 million humans were manufactured in the US, all held in underground bases west of the Rockies, and another 100 million in Europe. They would look more or less like ordinary people — not what you see in the movies. The men might typically be wearing a plaid shirt and blue jeans. However, they are given a strange infectious virus that can make them bleed out of every orifice, including their fingernails. They are programmed to have an insatiable craving to attack and eat other humans who do not have the infection. When normal people come in contact with the pathogens in their blood, they will die a horrible death within 24 hours. Simply being scratched by the fingernails from one of these beings would be enough to cause death. AEROSOL SHUTS IT DOWN ONCE THE JOB IS DONE The Cabal also manufactured an aerosol that could be sprayed over an area where these ”zombies” were released. It would cause their death but leave ordinary folks alone. Otherwise, the only way to effectively kill the zombies would be to separate the brain stem from the neck, such as through beheading. The Cabal’s plan was to release this plague, bring about the deaths of millions to achieve their depopulation goals, and then shut off the plague with the aerosol. At that point, they had intended for us to have descended into mass starvation, rioting, anarchy and chaos, leading to martial law and internment camps (which people would flock to in fear of ”zombies.”) The technology was in place to generate this ”zombie apocalypse” all the way back in the 1960s. The ”Night of the Living Dead” was the first major movie to try to usesocial engineeringto get this apocalypse to be ”authorized” by the benevolent ETs. If enough of us saw these movies andreally believedthat zombies would attack us on a mass level, then thanks to the Prime Directive, the benevolent ETs would be forced to let it happen. THE ENTIRE PROGRAM HAD TO BE SCRAPPED The benevolent ETs have blocked the ”zombie program” so effectively that it has never been allowed to occur. Simply put, not enough peoplegenuinely believethat zombies are real for this to ever be allowed to happen. The Cabal is very well aware of this. They continue to crank out a tremendous amount of zombie apocalypse films and TV shows, hoping to get another chance. Other lifeforms that do not look anywhere near as similar to us have also been engineered with the zombie virus. The preferred design that would currently be used, if ”authorized,” are little beings that look like ”Greys” and are only about two feet tall. The hope was that they could be ”sneaky,” run around quickly, evade capture and scratch people on the legs to cause death. In this sense, the Cabal felt that if enough people believed in negative ”Grey” ETs, the hope was that authorization could then be granted. Again, this will never be allowed to occur. Every attempt to create mass depopulation, both conventional and unconventional, has been thwarted. I DIDN’T KNOW WHAT WOULD HAPPEN What you just read is an example of intel I have been aware of for some time, have held on to, and said I did not ever want to release it because it was upsetting and ”fear porn.” However, we are now being asked by the Alliance to release this information in advance of a much greater ”data dump” that will come our way with Disclosure. It is too late for the Cabal to stop Disclosure. It is definitely going to happen. I have been waylaid by a very busy schedule, as we will discuss, but I am definitely continuing the fight to write articles and produce videos about all of this. I discussed the zombie program in my last talk at the recent Contact in the Desert conference, having no idea how a live audience, including one 8-year-old child, would respond. Given that the kid was in the audience, certain details were definitely not shared that I might have done otherwise. Quite to my surprise, everyone seemed perfectly OK with it. They were very grateful to finally hear the truth, and not have me censor things I thought were too intense for us to hear. GETTING THE WORD OUT THROUGH RADIO SHOWS As part of this initiative to ”disclose as much as you can, as fast as you can,” I did two different radio shows to promote the then-upcoming conference. Since the conference, I had an Ancient Aliens taping that required a great deal of study, as always. Since the taping, I have been recovering. So to review, I had the New Living Expo event, hardly any down-time, then a major Gaiam taping of eight episodes, followed days later by the Contact event, followed days later by Ancient Aliens, and then a big recovery period. At the same time, ”negative greeting”, as defined by the Law of One series, has been taking shot after shot after shot at me. It is difficult to keep going amidst all of this. One small but significant part of the negative greeting is that we are getting very blatant death threats from the Cabal — like never before. This has been coupled with a very intense increase in the amount of hatred written about me by paid Cabal bloggers on the Internet. Again, I no longer care about the online hate. Most of the trouble has been in dealing with personal issues and the cleansing and healing of painful life experiences and memories. IT ALL SOUNDS CRAZY…. Yes, it all sounds crazy. However, with the full scope of ET technology available to the Cabal, making programmable clones is not at all difficult. In fact, a similar cloning program began making most of the ”Greys” that were actually doing abductions, beginning in the 1960s. Some abductions are genuinely ET-related. People are being brought into slavery off-planet in large numbers. That is another unpleasant truth we will soon be confronted with. The movie ”Guardians of the Galaxy” was intended to help soften the blow. Supposedly there is more than enough technology and capability in place to recover all surviving captives in the post-Disclosure world. THE NEGATIVE PROGRAMS ARE BEING SHUT DOWN Thankfully these highly negative programs are quickly being shut down. The negative elite have already lost. Now they are just in the final ”limbo” period before it becomes public. Rather than worrying too much about trying to prove all of this data, we have been instructed to simply release as much of the truth as we can. This will help buffer the emotional shock and gravity of people hearing so much of this upsetting material all at once. I have held on to the knowledge of the zombie program for at least two years now — but no more. That is just one of a variety of weird things there are to know. ON TO THE RADIO SHOWS… So with all that said, I am quite pleased with both of the radio shows I did. The first one was transcribed and submitted by an anonymous individual, beginning a half hour after I started speaking — and was discussing my music work. As soon as we ”went deep” and got into the cosmic stuff, the transcript started. The second show was that same Thursday with Richard Garner, entitledWhat in the World!,which airs on SiriusXM with a station out of Canada entitled ”Canada Talks.” This appearance was very highly bizarre for me. Fifteen minutes before airtime, I planned out a whole routine around a particular song —”Wild World”by Cat Stevens. I figured that if I mentioned the song, they would later play it in the show. It was utterly stupefying, and extremely shocking, when that same song started playing as I was live on the air. By the time Richard got me speaking, I had composed myself — but only partly. Every hair on my arms and the back of my neck was standing up. WHAT IN THE WORLD… Here is the brand-new show on Canada Talks / Sirius XM where you can hear my surprise in the aftermath of this highly strange synchronicity: This transcript begins at the 71:56 mark of the show. IS REINCARNATION A SOUL TRAP? Jimmy Church:Did the Annunaki and Dracos trick the Atlanteans into a soul-trap reincarnation cycle here on earth to strand DNA and amnesia? David Wilcock:That is what the Cabal’s disinformation agents are trying to tell us happened. That’s actually not true. Reincarnation is not a trap and the earth is not a prison. The Draco did have an agenda. That is true. And, again, this type of a question requires a lot of filling in of cracks for people who don’t already know what we’re talking about. DW:So I’ll do that because, obviously, these questions are very deep and we’ve got to start somewhere. JC:You know, let’s start there. You know what, there’s so much . . . You and I were talking earlier today about our time constraints and how we were possibly going to try to squeeze everything in tonight. CREATION OF THE UNIVERSE Yeah, so, you know, let’s just go deep now. Let’s just go deep now. DW:Okay. No problem. So let’s just first finish setting out the palette that I was establishing before, which is [this.] THE ONENESS DIVERSIFIED ITSELF You have a universe which started as a oneness. It divided itself into what we think of now as galaxies. The intention behind this was that oneness was originally a singular consciousness. It got bored and lonely. These are the closest emotions that we could think of [in our terms.] It had all of this creative potential, but it had no friends. It had nothing to look at. Nothing changed. It was just always the same. So it decided to create what we think of as the visible universe. THE CONSCIOUS COSMOS What we think of as galaxies are actually intelligent super beings. Stars are intelligent super beings. Planets are intelligent super beings. And as you step down from galaxy to star to planet, you’ve got a hierarchy of beings. These are intelligent beings. They are extremely powerful. They are extremely creative. And then the next stage down from that is sentient beings that live on the planets. So those sentient beings are beings like us. That setup of sentient beings on planets then plays out in a structure that has seven levels – seven grades that we evolve through. THE FIRST SIX DENSITIES And the first grade is mineral life like earth, air, fire and water. It’s not really even microbes. That doesn’t come until the second level, or what in the Law of One is called the second density. That goes all the way up through all the animals, the whales, the dogs and cats and everything except humans. [Third density] is where you now have an individualized sense of self. Then you have fourth density. At that stage you could have positive or negative beings. Fifth density can have positive or negative beings. Then you have sixth and seventh. At the sixth level you have to go positive or else you will dissolve back into the background energy in the universe. You literally cannot survive. So none of these bad guys get to exist past 6D. 7D is a very, very advanced level where all they really do is sort of create a virtual Internet. They kind of go back through all the experiences they’ve had in all the previous levels. They create this living database that 6D beings can analyze to help people. That’s the last gift they have to give before they get to reunify with this oneness that they came from. So with all that being said as back story, the beings that are actually running the show here and making sure that the earth doesn’t blow up, literally, would be sixth density. And as I said, in the Bible those are called seraphim or cherubim. THE DRACO ARE REPTILIAN-DERIVED HUMANS The Draco would be what you’d call probably a fourth density or possibly, but unlikely, possibly fifth-density negative. They may actually be 5D negative. I don’t really know. What we do know about these guys is that they were humans that evolved out of reptilian life. That’s another big, big stage in our learning curve here. HUMAN LIFE IS EVERYWHERE Human life is ubiquitous in our galaxy. About 40% of the universe is populated with human or hominid-type life, meaning it walks on two legs and it’s got two arms, or maybe sometimes more – usually just two. It’s got a head, two eyes and a nose, mouth, ears. The planets that these beings incarnate on are very similar to ours in the vast majority of cases. This means they have microbes. They have algae. They have plants. They have mammals. They have birds. They have reptiles. What we’re seeing here is a very, very commonly used biome. It works really well. Everything is divinely designed to work in harmonious synergy. JC:Breathing oxygen. (DW: Yes.) Carbon dioxide. (Yeah.) Plant life. (Yep.) DIFFERENT TYPES OF PLANETS CREATE DIFFERENT HUMANOID LIFEFORMS DW:There are some variations, of course. You might have a planet that is predominantly ocean. In those cases, sentient hominid life will evolve out of whales or fish or something like that. There are lots of those out there. You might have a planet where the bird actually becomes the prevalent form of life that then becomes human or hominid. And in certain cases, you have reptilians – reptiles – where reptile life becomes human-looking. And so these reptilians – for whatever reason – ended up being racists. [They were only interested in] other reptilians that had evolved independently from reptilian life on other planets – and they were out there looking at a lot of different planets. They wanted to partner up with other reptilians. THE DRACO CONQUERED OTHER RACES So what they’ve done is they’ve gone around in the last 700,000 years or so and found all the other reptilians. They’ve merged their genetic material with them and conquered them. So they have their own little negative group that you could call the Draco, because they apparently originated in the Draco constellation. They are also dragon-like. The word ‘draco’ also means ‘dragon’. When I’m telling you this, I’m combining this from several different highly credible insider sources. I’m seeing commonalities between what different people tell me independently, and were in a position to know this is what is going on. DW:And this is more information than most people have ever been able to get about these guys before. A lot of this stuff is new. What we find out is that they were going around conquering worlds. THE DRACO WERE BEATEN BACK INTO OUR ”CORNER” OF THE GALAXY This pissed off a lot of people and they really got their butts kicked. They got their butts kicked badly enough that most of their attempts have failed. They have been basically beaten back into one little corner of our galaxy. That corner happens to be some of the stars that are near to us, such as the stars in the constellation Orion, the stars in the constellation Draco, and a few other places like that. They also have settled in our solar system in fairly recent terms. Apparently they got to our solar system somewhere in the neighborhood of 375,000 years ago. DW:That’s just the figure that our new insider, Corey Goode, gave. JC:I got ya. DW:Based on what he was given. DW:Wow. I just turned my volume up and your voice exploded in my ears. Hello, Jimmy! (JC: Ha, ha, ha.) I got you back down to a manageable human level again. JC:Yeah. I’m whispering too, by the way. A PLANET DESIGNED FOR FEAR FARMING DW:And when I reel my brains back into my eardrums . . . (JC: Ha, ha, ha.) Okay? (Laughs) So here’s the deal. Here’s the deal. What are they doing? What are they doing out there? What do they want? Right? You’ve got to look at these beings . . . And I’m not saying this to be derogatory. It’s going to sound this way, but…. FEEDING ON FEAR When your dog leaves doggie doo in the forest, it’s not just going to sit there indefinitely. Nature has made certain species, such as little bugs, that will come up – and they love that stuff. That’s like a breakfast banquet for them. DW:Okay. The universe has designed itself so that there are intelligent life forms that absolutely are dependent upon our jealousy, our anger, our sadness and our fear. The more amoral, chaotic, violent, ruthless and selfish they can make us, the more energy they get. LOOSH IT UP That energy is calledloosh. That’s energy they need absolutely. It’s more important to them than what we would think of as money or food or water or any of the basic essentials for life. When you become a being that feeds on loosh, if your loosh supply is interrupted for even one day, you will die. They are that dependent on it. EVEN ONE DAY OF INTERRUPTION WOULD FINISH THEM OFF If we were to have even one day on earth – one single day – where a preponderance of people on earth had something to feel good about, most of these beings would die. In less than 24 hours they would be dead – gone forever. It’s THAT serious. They are THAT dependent on our fear. So what you need to understand then is that these beings deliberately custom-designed a planet they could use for FEAR FARMING. They require fear just like we require money in the bank if we want to go to the grocery store to get something to eat. DW:So they actually did intermingle their genetic material with our own. And this goes back to what Zecharia Sitchin was talking about. Sitchin tried to blame everything on the Annunaki. So you’ve got to look at his material as a suggestion, but not in any way iron-clad truth. There’re a lot of distortions in Sitchin’s stuff. But the basic ideas are correct. GENETIC ENGINEERING OF HUMANS There was a reptilian king called Anu. He did have two sons – Enlil and Enki. Apparently, Enlil was the bad guy and Enki was the good guy. [Enlil would be the] bad guy for us, meaning that Enlil supposedly was the one who genetically engineered humans [and did not want us to be more than a slave race of clones.] Enki was the one who then gave us the ability to reproduce because [the Anunnaki] made us to be sterile. We were supposed to just be [slave] workers. NIBIRU WAS MARS It’s very likely that the planet Nibiru was actually Mars. And it’s very likely that what they were doing was to get us to mine gold. [That way] they could chemtrail Mars’ atmosphere with gold. When you spray that gold in the atmosphere, it helps to keep the atmosphere from escaping. At the time that they were doing this, the earth was really kind of unpleasant. It was swampy. It didn’t have the kinds of oceans that we know now. It was hotter. It wasn’t as nice as it is now. So they didn’t really want to live here as much as they took the indigenous ape man they found and upgraded it. THE ”MISSING LINK” IS THE DRACO DNA UPGRADE Hence, [we see] the missing link in our fossil record where our brain suddenly doubled in size. DW:We have a lot of problems that are because of them tinkering with our DNA. That includes the fact that we have bad backs, the fact that we get sunburns, and the fact that the sun is bad for our eyes. There are lots and lots of strange things that we have that are because our genetics have been tampered with. It turns out that there’s over 40 different ET groups that have spliced their DNA with our own. So it’s a very big, strange situation. THE MARTIAN GEOENGINEERING INVOLVED VERY HIGH TECHNOLOGY JC:Well, the Nibiru-Mars connection makes sense, because, you know, the Martian atmosphere is blown away by solar wind constantly. And there isn’t any atmosphere there or very little atmosphere there. That would make a lot of sense. It would definitely connect those dots. DW:Well, you’ve also got to expand your mind a little bit and realize that these people have extremely highly advanced technology. That would include little nanites that can be spread out. Gold can be spread out to almost one atom of thickness. You get these little nanites that shake hands. When you get enough of them, you can build this virtual skin around the planet’s atmosphere. DW:It’s not just like there are little particles of gold that are floating around, dumb, in the air. This is a very advanced technology we’re talking about. ARCHONS ARE NOT EXTRATERRESTRIALS JC:And you had mentioned earlier the Ancient Aliens [television show] and angels and the non-connecting dots there. Would you also consider this negativity Archons? DW:Actually, if you get into alchemical writings, the word ‘Archon’ refers to “humans on earth who act as agents for these negative extraterrestrials.” DW:That’s a commonly misperceived term, because most people think Archons refer to the extraterrestrials themselves – and it doesn’t. It refers to their ‘people’ on earth – their ground crew. DW:Yeah. And that is a very important element. THE PARENTS OF THE ILLUMINATI In order to successfully fear-farm the earth, they did need to elicit the cooperation of people here on earth. That’s where you get into this very exciting new subject that we only learned about recently: the so-called Parents of the Illuminati. JC:I was going there right now. I don’t mean to cut you off, but that’s exactly where I wanted to take this. In that, the fear, the negativity that they are feeding off of – that very energy. If it is in their DNA, then that is were the lack of morals come from, from the Illuminati and Cabal where we constantly ask ourselves, David, “How can they do this crap?” I mean, where is the moral structure? Where is the moral fiber? How can they do . . . Well, is it because they need it to feed off of? THE COLLECTION OF LOOSH FROM WWE EVENTS AND WAR DW:Let me tell you something very bizarre that I heard from one of the new insiders. He, for a while, worked for the World Wrestling Entertainment – WWE. Every single time they do a major event when there’s a big stadium of people, they have all these big screen TVs at the event. And most, if not all of those big screen TVs, quote-unquote, “Mysteriously go missing after the show.” DW:Doesn’t it sound crazy? Okay? DW:I’m just going to tell you the truth. THE DRACO REALLY LOVE TO WATCH TELEVISION The crystalline structure of these television screens picks up enough of the loosh that the Draco want those TV screens after an event, because it helps keep them going. JC:It’s like vitamin C. DW:Yes! Now see, that’s stuff I would never have thought of. It’s so weird that people are going to laugh at me, but yet this is the stuff that you start to hear from people. This energy that we make actually gets imprinted into the crystals within the monitor – within the LCD, the liquid-crystal display. JC:So they use a new one for every event. DW:Every event. That’s in the budget. They’ve got to buy new monitors. Yep. JC:That’s interesting. Well, that’s some serious Big Brother stuff. You know, when you look at the screens over the crowds and the fear is just pumping and the energy is there and then it’s a sponge. THEY CREATE A MAGIC CIRCLE OF LCD SCREENS TO ENHANCE LOOSH ABSORPTION DW:I’ll give you another secret. They set these monitors up in the shape of, guess what? A pentagram. [A pentagram is a 5-pointed star, usually inside a circle, that is a symbol of mysticism.] JC:Oh, I was going to say an eye. DW:They put them in a pentagonal shape, because that’s the magic circle. I don’t like to talk about this stuff, but it seems like it’s fallen on my shoulders to leak a lot of unpleasant things to people. LET’S NOT GET ENCHANTED BY THE NEGATIVE What I try to do is to not get stuck in the fear porn. Let’s not stay in this place: “Oh, my gosh. The Illuminati are real and they’re just going to wipe us out.” Look, they’ve been trying to ever since they got their hands on the bomb. Back in the Trinity test,[The Trinity Test was the first test of a nuclear bomb on July 16, 1945, as a part of the Manhattan Project]you have Robert Oppenheimer saying, “This is not the first time we have done this.” He had read the Hindu Vedas where they very clearly describe the use of a thermonuclear weapon – all the same stuff. JC:Yeah. What would happen if we created a monitor that didn’t absorb and then they went to . . . (DW: Laughs) You know what I mean? That would certainly shut them down. DW:Well, that’s one of many things that they’ve done. THE DRACO DELIBERATELY CREATE WARS BEHIND THE SCENES, THEN SWOOP IN CLOAKED AND SOAK UP THE LOOSH Another thing, again this is a little disturbing, but what the hell. Remember when there was that genocide in Rwanda?[This was a mass slaughter of around 1 million Tutsis and Hutu moderates by the Hutu majority in 1994.] You’ve got the Hutus and the Tutsis and they’re going around chopping each other up with axes? And it was happening on a massive scale? They will literally cloak their ship, fly into our atmosphere, and park the ship over the battlefield as these people are dying – and just soak it up. That’s what they’ve been doing for thousands and thousands of years. They need to keep creating wars so they can keep soaking it up. JC:Is that what’s going on in Syria and Iraq with ISIS? Are they soaking that up? GENERATING LOOSH FROM CELEBRITY DEATHS DW:Absolutely. They’re doing whatever they can. And they are having a harder and harder time getting loosh. Here’s another thing. Okay? Robin Williams apparently did not commit suicide on his own. He was pushed into it. They tried to get loosh from Paul Walker’s death – the guy that was in Fast and Furious – and it didn’t generate enough. They needed to create a bigger celebrity death to try to get enough. And that worked well for them. They got a lot of loosh off of Robin Williams. The next big thing that they did involving a celebrity on that scale was leaking the Cosby rape allegations. They’ve gotten a lot of loosh off of that. That was something they had saved up for when they needed it. But there are not very many of these left that they can pull. That’s the thing. They’re running out of time. They’re running out of energy. And they are in serious, serious trouble now. PROPHECIES OF A GOLDEN AGE All the great religious prophecies – the Bible is only one example. There are 34 others that all say the same thing – that we go into this glorious golden age. Those prophecies were given to us by the benevolent extraterrestrials. And for those extraterrestrials, these reptilians we’re talking about are literally no bigger than little sand lizards in a sandbox. They can watch what’s going on in the sandbox, but they can’t intervene in our sandbox more than we invite them. [This is] because the universe is governed by the principle of free will. STAR TREK AND OTHER TV SHOWS – DISCLOSURE FROM THE BENEVOLENT ETs And believe it or not, Gene Roddenberry[the creator of the Star Trek movie series]was involved in some of these same channeling groups that were in Joshua Tree. [Joshua Tree monument is a U.S. National Park in the desert about 80 miles east of Los Angeles. It was where the original “Giant Rock” UFO conferences took place in the 1950s.] That’s where the whole story concept and the architecture ofStar Trekcame from. SoStar Trekwas Disclosure from the good guys. The whole prime directive that Capt. Kirk and Spock and they all had to work off of – that is absolutely what is going on. JC:The concept ofStar Trekwas way too ahead of its time. JC:It seems to have come out of nowhere — that and, of course,2001: A Space Odyssey. When we went from just juvenile science fiction and storytelling, we just leapfrogged right into, in the middle of the 60s, into2001andStar Trek. THERE HAVE ALWAYS BEEN DISCLOSURE EFFORTS IN PLACE SINCE THE DAWN OF TV DW:Well, they had been trying before that. Twilight Zone– a lot of Disclosure got pushed out through that show. The Outer Limitsis another show that a lot of Disclosure got pushed out through. There was a little show for a while calledThe Time Tunnelthat had lots of stuff in it. They’ve done a lot of movies:The Day the Earth Stood Still, various other UFO movies. There’s been a very consistent effort to tell us what’s really going on. [They hope] that once we find out that there are thousands of different extraterrestrials that we’ve interacted with, it’s not going to come as a big surprise. SPACE 1999, BUCK ROGERS AND BATTLESTAR GALACTICA JC:You know what I just finished this week? And I was kind of bummed out about it. I finishedSpace 1999 [British-Italian TV series that had two seasons from 1975-77.]Both seasons. JC:Yeah, man, I got to the last episode of season 2 and it was pretty melancholy. You know, I was kind of bummed. What a great series that was too. DW:That was one that had a lot of stuff in it. Buck Rogerswas loaded with Disclosure.Battlestar Galactica [TV series originally in the mid-1970s and launched again between 2004~2009.] The original one was loaded with Disclosure. They never got to finish the thought in the original one. They rebooted it and actually did finish the thought. If you watch all the recentBattlestar Galactica, they end up landing here when their fleet is literally down to the very last limping ship. All they could do is crash land here. And they had no ability to get off the planet once they arrived. THE MOVIE ”THEY LIVE” IS A DOCUMENTARY JC:Do you know where I think a lot of information was? And don’t laugh, man. Just stay with me on this. DW:Okay, I’ll try not to. JC:The movieThey Live. DW:Oh, absolutely! I’m not going to laugh at that at all. JC:Ha, ha, ha. I mean, I watched that now. I remember that the first time I saw it I thought, “You know, this is a pretty cool movie. A nice little B movie under the radar. Pretty cool.” I watch it now and it’s a frickin’ horror flick. It scares the crap out of me. DW:It’s a documentary. JC:Ha, ha, ha. Exactly! A STARGATE IS FEATURED IN THE MOVIE DW:And at the end, when you see that portal open up underground, it literally is a gate into the stars. It is a stargate! They have a stargate in the movie. It’s right there. It’s amazing. That scene is amazing. JC:For everybody listening, if you have not seen They Live, that’s your homework tonight after the show. Just go and peep that out. DW:Totally. It’s an amazing film. JC:Yeah, Ray Ban. DW:I’m not sure how that got made, honestly. JC:Yeah. Right, right, right. DW:That pissed off a lot of people. JC:Unless it was done for a reason. That’s all I’ve got to say. But there are elements of it that just scare the crap out of me. Let’s talk about your current research before, once again, David, we run out of time. OUR PREVIOUS SHOW GOT TAMPERED WITH AND INTERRUPTED JC:You know what’s funny? If you remember back when you were on with us, it was Christmas Eve. We got to the end of the show and, man, if they didn’t shut us down. That was messed up. That was so messed up. DW:Some sort of force majeure[superior force]technological interference with your ability to do the show. JC:Right at the peak. Right at the . . . “Okay, Jimmy, I’m going to drop a bomb.” DW:At the end of my sentence. DW:I wanted to kind of round out this thought, because we were heading somewhere and we never quite got there. JC:Okay, let’s do it. SECRET SPACE PROGRAM – THE PARENTS(95:35) DW:One of the big things we need to talk about is the Secret Space Program. That is where it goes back again to these Draco. And it goes back to where I was discussing the Parents. Now the Parents is something hardly anybody has learned about. This is brand new information, but I believe that it is coming from a highly credible source. I’ve now actually been able to vet out some of it with other sources. A NANOTECHNOLOGY INJECTION The Draco have the ability to give you some kind of nanotechnology injection. What happens is that your flesh becomes essentially robotic. You’re still technically human, but only in the way that you look. Your body works in an entirely different way now. You can take out a pocket knife and slice a big hole in your palm, and the nanites will just close it right back up for you. So they have used this in various things like the television showHeroes, and the character Wolverine inX-Men. It’s rapid healing. DW:There are 21 people on earth that have this. And they are called The Parents. THE OLDEST PARENT IS 13,000 YEARS OLD This goes all the way back to the oldest one of these people. Apparently he’s 13,000 years old. [This] dates back to the time of Atlantis before the big catastrophic event that sank the continent. This person was already given this technology. These 21 Parents are immortal. In practical terms, they can live for thousands of years. They were assigned to find the people who are making the most money and have the most power, and seduce them into their group. That’s where you get your 13 Illuminati bloodlines. THE 13 FAMILIES WERE CHOSEN FOR THEIR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE Those were the people who, simply through a basic Darwinian survival of the fittest mentality, came to the top of the food chain. [They] made the money, got the power, and took over the control of governments and religions. [They] were seduced by these Parents who had all the advanced Draco technology. And part of the deal the Parents had [from the Draco] is working star gates [they could use] this whole time. So they could go out into space. There are plenty of other places they could go. They are not stuck here on earth. That technology was not shared with the Illuminati bloodline families. Now the Illuminati bloodline families have found out the Parents had this the whole time, and they’re really upset about it. THE CABAL IS FRAGMENTING INTO FACTIONS, EVEN AT THE HIGHEST LEVELS And what’s interesting is that the alliance amongst these Illuminati folks is fracturing – and now the Draco have betrayed everybody. The Parents have actually turned against all the 13 bloodlines below them. They now have their own faction. Several of these 21 people apparently are really tired of immortality, and they don’t want to be alive any more. There is a way that they can die, which is to have the brain stem separated from the neck. That also has been depicted in fictional works including the movieHighlander,where you chop off this guy’s head and then you absorb his power. DW:So the Draco agenda led to the Illuminati being constructed. EVERYTHING THEY DO REQUIRES OUR CONSENT Now, people then say, “Well, wait a minute. If they want to screw us over, why are they telling us what they’re doing? Why do they make all these movies about it?” That’s a very important point. The magic requires them to tell us what they are doing. [That way,] the enslaved are actually being enslaved through their own free will. [This is] one of the things that you hear Illuminati people say – and this is more the card-carrying kind, not the kind that has defected. They say, “If people are too afraid to see the obvious when we’re shoving it in their faces, then they deserve to be slaves.” JC:It’s not free will if it’s deception. DW:That’s true. I think what’s happened is that they skewed far from the idea of it truly being free will enslavement. They’ve used trickery more and more. And they’ve lied more and more. And as a result, these governing beings – these seraphim and cherubim, or 6thdensity beings in Law of One terms – the ‘management’, if you will, the good guys – are now able to bring them down, and defeat them. THE ILLUMINATI LEADERS WERE TOTALLY DOMINATED BY THE DRACO So to get back to the Space Program, what’s happened is The Parents knew the Draco existed. The higher level bloodline Illuminati people knew the Draco existed. They basically realized that even though they had this cult that saw them as gods, they’re not in charge. They’re just licking the boot heels of these 12-foot tall, essentially demon-looking beings. [The Draco] literally have vertically-slit pupils, reptile skin and are massively strong. They have a 5-foot-wide shoulder span and weigh three thousand pounds. You can’t shoot them with conventional bullets. They’ll just ping off of them. They’re very, very tough. They’re very strong. They’re telepathic. They’re telekinetic. They can remote-influence people and make you walk around like a robot under their command. They are very frightening villains. THINK ABOUT IT… WHY WOULD THEY DO THIS? [If you think about it,] all the stuff that the Illuminati [is supposedly] doing doesn’t make any sense. You guys are human beings. You live here on earth. Why do you want to kill the planet? See, they don’t. Their bosses do. The people that they are under the control of do. It’s the Draco who have been gaming out our planet as a fear factory. We are generating fear for them. If a whole bunch of us die, that would be like a big prosperity bonus for them. JC:Is that why the Rothschilds bank both sides of every war? DW:Absolutely. It’s all about creating loosh. One of their sayings is,“Give Lucius his Loosh!” This is a Luciferian belief system. And Lucifer, in this term you could think of Lucifer as one of the Draco. JC:Which brings us to the Alliance. DW:Yes. If you’ve got to talk about something that is disturbing, you’ve got to balance it with something positive. And there is a lot of positive stuff going on. MILITARIZATION OF SPACE AND COLONIZATION OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM So here’s the deal. [Let’s talk about] the military-industrial-complex. Roswell was not the first UFO crash. They had stuff that they found that went all the way back to the 1890s. Apparently out there in the Southwest they dug up this craft that was very aerodynamic. It was all gold in color. We had one insider that came forward and told us that. So they’ve had the stuff for a long time. There were ancient crashes they were able to go dig up. There’s all kinds of cool stuff they found. [It has] all [been] kept hidden from us. THE GERMANS WERE THE FIRST By the late 1930s, the Germans were the first to develop flying saucer technology. The Vril Society was doing this. It’s called the Hanebu or the Bell craft. Kronos is another secret name for the project. They flew out into space and then that’s where they [made an incredible discovery.] “Wow! There are a lot of people that have colonized the solar system before us. They left some really cool stuff behind. “We can seal it up, pressurize it and live in there.” That’s what they did on the moon and on Mars [as well as in Antarctica.] COLONIZING THE MOON AND MARS So when you get into the history of the space program, you have the Nazis colonizing the moon and Mars. They lost World War 2, but they came back and basically took over the military-industrial-complex through trickery – and through having better technology. They blackmailed the U.S., because the U.S. did not want to kick loose the secrets of Roswell. The Nazis started overflying the U.S. capitol in 1952 with their Bell craft, and essentially forced the U.S. to join them in a partnership. This is where you get the militarization of our space and our solar system. THE BRAIN DRAIN In the 1950s and early 1960s there was something called the brain drain. Approximately 60 million people were recruited from countries all over the world. So you still have to this day plenty of Latinos, plenty of blacks, plenty of people who look like they’re from India or Pakistan, plenty of Asians, and plenty of Caucasians that have lived generations out in space. They’ve never walked on the earth. If you’ve got 60 million people in the 1950s and they are specifically told to have as many children as possible, you’re now dealing with a large population. Plus, they have advanced cloning capabilities. They also continue to recruit people from our planet and bring them up there as much as they can. So this is ongoing. THEY WENT AFTER THE INTELLIGENTSIA — AND DESCRIBED IT IN CERTAIN FILMS JC:Did they recruit brains or did they also recruit brawn? DW:Mostly just the cream of the crop of the intelligentsia. There are various movies that tell this story, such asWhen Worlds Collide. If you want to go back and do research, go watch that film. That’s Disclosure. Only the cream of the crop were picked. It’s like Noah’s Ark all over again. That’s part of what these people are told. Something big and disastrous is going to happen on earth. If you come out with us in space, you’ll be fine. You’re going to get to live in a Jetsons,Star Trek-type reality. It’s going to be amazing. THEY ARE HERDED INTO TOTAL ENSLAVEMENT IN MOST CASES Then when these people actually go out there, many of them are treated like slaves. They have a very deplorably poor existence. They’re totally monitored and they just work their whole life. They’re told who they’re going to marry and they’re told how many kids they can have and all this kind of stuff. It’s really disgusting. JC:If they hit you up, would you go? FIVE FACTIONS OF THE SECRET SPACE PROGRAM DW:I already am in contact with a group that has been part of the space program and has broken away. It’s called the Solar Warden faction. There are five factions of the space program. Solar Warden was the first one. They’re like the planetary police force. Then you have the Interplanetary Corporate Conglomerate, or ICC, that has guys like Boeing and McDonnell-Douglas. They’re out there building all kinds of advanced technology and selling it to various extraterrestrials that come in here to check out what they’ve got. Apparently, their technology is some of the best in our part of the galaxy. This is odd because we are considered very primitive in terms of our spiritual levels of advancement, but we’re really good at building stuff. So you’ve got Solar Warden and ICC. GLOBAL GALACTIC LEAGUE OF NATIONS, MILITARY AND DARK FLEET Then you’ve got the Global Galactic League of Nations, which is sort of a UN in space. Then you have a Military faction. And actually there are several sub-groups in the Global Galactic League of Nations, as we have now found out. The Military faction essentially acts as a police force and logistical support for these other factions. And then last, but not least, you have the Dark Fleet. That is the faction that is run by the Draco, where you can see the Reptilians. You’re going to see mantis-looking people. You’re going to see ant-looking people. You [also] see certain humans who work with them that wear black uniforms that look like Nazi uniforms. They are very, very militant and very arrogant. SOLAR WARDEN BREAKS AWAY AND THE ARRIVAL OF THE SPHERE ALLIANCE The Solar Warden faction was the original faction. Their technology is no newer than what we were building in the early 80s. This is still really frickin’ amazing, but it is way less [advanced] than the other factions. They broke away. They got tired of being treated like the mushroom – kept in the dark and fed a lot of BS. Solar Warden has now sided with new beings that have showed up in our solar system. [These new beings have] technology way in advance of anything they thought was out there. We’re talking about spheres that in some cases are as large as the planet Jupiter. THE FIRST SPHERE ARRIVED DURING THE REAGAN ADMINISTRATION One of them came into our solar system in the 1980s, and it was the size of Neptune. My insider Pete Peterson was there working with Ronald Reagan while this was happening. [It] freaked everybody out, because they saw this huge orb coming in. It circled Pluto, circled Neptune, circled Uranus and then came in to Saturn. It was cloaked, but they could very easily detect it with [the technology] they had at the time. They eventually confronted this sphere. The beings inside just said, “We’re peaceful explorers taking a cruise around the galaxy. Then they [the Secret Space Program personnel] said, ‘GTFO’, basically. [Get the f- out of here.] And so the beings left. MANY MORE SPHERES BEGAN APPEARING IN 1998 Then, right around 1999, 1998 or thereabouts, you start to have over a hundred, actually hundreds of spheres like this coming into our solar system. They entered in either through the sun or from the outside. They were all about the size of earth’s moon. ADDITIONAL DISCUSSION (NOT PART OF THE RADIO TRANSCRIPT) [DW: Kent Steadman of cyberspaceorbit.com was the main researcher who tracked this phenomenon for years. On Kent’s site, it appears to have started with his “Sun Cruiser” post, describing an anomalous object that first appeared around the sun on May 3, 1998. Kent interviewed various astronomers and got differing opinions about what this huge, fast-moving object was. Many other similar sightings followed for years to come. I was very captivated by this at the time and consistently checked Kent’s site for the latest updates. None of these attacks killed anyone. They were covered in our “China’s October Surprise” article series, linked in the above article. Interestingly, when I went back to this article to get the link, its hit counter was at 333,088 – another example of “numerical synchronicity,” where repeating digits appear as I am doing this work. There did appear to be a treaty that stopped the EMP attacks in January 2011, but the treaty was violated by the Cabal. This seems to have been what triggered the underground cities being portaled out from August to December of 2011.] THEY WERE USING HAARP TO DEFEND THEIR CITIES DW:Jimmy, you were probably covering this back when it happened. DW:And the fish were all washing up. Hundreds of thousands of dead fish were washing up. JC:Birds falling out of the sky. DW:Just falling out dead. And they were too crushed up by the time they hit the ground. Their bones had already been crushed. That was because [the Cabal was] using HAARP to try to defend against the destruction of these underground facilities – and it wasn’t working. So they apparently made a treaty sometime at the end of 2011, saying, “Please don’t destroy our underground facilities any more. We’ll do what you want.” OVER ONE HUNDRED GIANT SPHERES ARRIVED BEGINNING IN 2012 Then in 2012, you get what ends up becoming approximately 100 gigantic spheres coming into our solar system. When I say ‘gigantic’, I mean that they had three sizes. One of them is around the size of the moon, like the ones from 1999 to 2001 that came in. Then you’ve got another size that’s around (the size) of Neptune. Then you’ve got another one that’s around the size of Jupiter. It turns out that there are a lot more than 100 of them. We could only see 100 with our ability to detect cloaked spheres. There are a lot more than that. SOLAR SYSTEM TRANSITIONING INTO A ZONE OF SUPER STRONG COSMIC ENERGY And why are they here? Everybody in the Space Program on the inside knows this [next data point]. Our solar system is transitioning into a zone of heightened energetic strength in the galaxy. It’s like going into a cosmic storm. If you take a pan and you put it on your stovetop and you don’t put any heat under it, and you drop a drop of water in the middle of the pan, what’s it going to do? DW:It’s just going to sit there. Actually, eventually it will evaporate, but it’s just going to sit there. If you get that pan nice and red hot and you drop that same drop of water in it, what’s going to happen? It’s going to go zig-zig-zig-zig-zig, and zig all over the inside of that pan. A COMPLETE UPGRADE OF THE GROUND STATE OF MATTER, ENERGY AND BIOLOGICAL LIFE DW:Imagine now that the same thing happens to matter, AND to consciousness, AND to the actual signature of biological life that is our DNA. It’s a DNA-activating, consciousness-activating, matter-energy-space-time portal-activating energy force. Ultimately what appears to be coming our way is some sort of decisive shift in the way that matter and energy and consciousness itself functions. It is literally a quantum leap in what it means to be human. Our universe is designed this way. ALL ANCIENT RELIGIOUS PROPHECIES SPEAK OF THIS We have to fight through this incredible time of darkness and tribulation. That’s how they call it in the Bible, but there’s many other prophecies that talk about this. Take your pick. Islam, Judaism, Buddhism, Native American, Celtic, Druidic, you name it. It’s all there. We go through this time of extreme suffering where people have fallen from spiritual teachings more than ever before. There’s greater amounts of violence, greater amounts of illicit behaviors, selfishness, jealousy, rage, a great amount of depression and sadness. STORED POTENTIAL ENERGY TURNS INTO RELEASED KINETIC ENERGY That all is part of what you could think of as like kinetic energy. [DW: Here I meant to say “potential” energy, which stores up. Kinetic energy is what happens when the potential is released.] It is as if you are pushing a spring down. Okay? But you can only push the spring down so far. Then what happens when you let go of the pressure? DW:You’ve got a spring-loaded action. DW:That’s what’s happening and the compression of the spring . . . SEEDING ”THE ILLUMINATI” INTO THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS I mean, Jimmy. I was out there trying to see any discussion whatsoever of the Illuminati online. I’m talking now back roughly 2003, 2004. It didn’t exist. You didn’t ever see the word. I went and I contacted some of the big names of the time. This included Henry Makow and Greg Szymanski, who was doing a radio show. Henry Makow was a popular guest on these radio shows. I farmed them information about the Illuminati through this whistleblower called Svali, who originally had come out in 2000. I’d been following her work. So I had a lot to do with reintroducing that when it had kind of all died out. Nobody was reading Robert Anton Wilson or any of that old stuff any more. OUR INCREASE OF KNOWLEDGE IS AN ENERGETICALLY-DRIVEN FUNCTION So what’s happened is now it’s common knowledge. You’ve got the Snowden disclosures. People are waking up. What we don’t realize is that the awakening is an energetically driven function. The energy is cranking up. [This affects] our apparent free will decisions of how we live our lives and what we choose to learn about. Are we listening to Fade to Black, and are we reading these books, and are we going to these conferences? We think that this is something like, “Oh, I just stumbled over it on the Internet.” It’s actually part of an energetically-driven process. SYNCHRONICITY IS INTELLIGENTLY DIRECTED Supremely high-level intelligence uses synchronicity to direct us to the sources of information that feed us this awakening. We are all going through this at our own speed, through our own free will. [This way,] we can veto it and take it in digestible chunks at the speed we want to learn. We’re learning what’s really going on here. And it is ultimately a very, very highly positive thing. When we go through this shift, if you have done your homework, [you will be fine.] OVER 160,000 DOCUMENTED CASES OF ASCENSION ARE ALREADY ON RECORD If you have followed the great spiritual teachings that these 35 ancient cultures were all trying to teach us about being a good person, being a loving person – service to others, forgiveness, compassion…. [Then,] you’re right back in to the realm of what happens to these 160,000 people in Tibet where they practiced these spiritual teachings. They don’t die. They transform into a light being. This is the next stage of what human evolution is built to do. We’re built to go in to this super-hero-type of character. It was all laid out for us in the story of Jesus and the resurrection. That is only one of many examples. You have it in other cultures as well. We just happen to have a celebrity worship thing where people get all hung up on Jesus having done it. They don’t realize that many others have accomplished this as well. THE TIBETANS WERE FOLLOWING THE TEACHINGS OF CHRIST That does piss some people off. I understand that. But look. You’ve got these Tibetans who are following exactly what the teachings of Christ are. Their focus is to have every single thought to be a loving thought. And if they can attain that level of self-perfection, then they graduate into this higher level of humanity. What appears to be happening is that the people who are ready for it [will Ascend] when this spring springs. When this energetic springboard takes off, you’ll be able to levitate. You’ll be able to have telekinesis. You’ll have telepathic contact with other people – all the Jesus miracles. Pretty quickly if you start trying, you’ll discover that you’ll be able to do this. A BIFURCATION IN TIMELINES BETWEEN POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE POLARITIES(117:15) This event is also built where there is a bifurcation. That means there are a lot of people who have generated very seriously bad karma for themselves. If you’re sufficiently on that side of the coin, then the way the universe is built is that timelines bifurcate. The people who need that karma go through an Armageddon apocalypse. JC:They go into a dimension of darkness. DW:Well, the earth is basically destroyed. Yes. They experience a pole shift. They experience super-volcanoes which bury everything in about 30 to 100 feet of rocks. DW:And you just die with rocks falling on your head, basically. [DW: Some would experience this. Others would die of a mega-tsunami or massive earthquake damage.] TIME FOR A BREAK JC:That’s a good spot to take a break. Let’s take a break. We’re at the top of the hour. When I come back after the break, David, I’m going to share with you the first time I heard the word ‘Illuminati’. It’s fascinating. I want your comment. This is Fade to Black. Tonight David Wilcock. Bespoke radio for the masses. I’m your host Jimmy Church. INCREASE IN ET CONTACT AND EFFORTS BY CABAL TO CORRUPT STARSEEDS JC:Hey, David. I got a couple of emails during the break. One of them is from Renee. She says, “There appear to be an increasing number of people all around the planet who are channeling ETs. “Do you believe that this is a concerted effort on the part of various ET races to prepare us for their open interaction with humans in the very near future?” DW:Yes. I’ll step in dog doo again and get myself in trouble with the Cabal. And we’ll see if they leave us on the air for me saying this. One of the things that the Cabal apparently believes is that people who are the starseeds, who are getting this ET contact, are going to develop ascended powers before everybody else does. And so they are making a very strong effort now to try to find the people who are getting this ET contact and to corrupt them through their own free will. [This would be done through techniques] such as getting them to think in a more negative mindset, getting them to give messages of doom and fear, getting them to potentially be bought or bribed, that kind of stuff. IF EVEN ONE PERSON ASCENDS IN MODERN TIMES, THE NEGATIVE IS FINISHED JC:Back in February, you were on Coast to Coast, and you said that, and I’m quoting here, “If there is even one person who has ascended, he’s going to be able to drive away all of these bad guys. And they see it coming.” It’s only about a year and a half away for them. They know it’s going to be . . . They know it’s going to hit and there’s nothing they can do about it. And you were saying that there was going to be a small number of people who will have super-human abilities. GUESSTIMATE ON THE DATE OF ASCENSION Well, a year and a half is August 2016. DW:That is a date that is sort of the best guesstimate based on a variety of different factors, none of which totally resolve. It could be anywhere between the end of summer 2016 through 2017 to 2018. So, again, it’s not like you can just pinpoint a window. What you have to do is look at is the current of events that are taking place on earth and how fast are people awakening. This is very important. This quantum leap is not some event that takes place at a pre-described time. It is an event in which the human consciousness, reaching a critical minimum stage of awakening, releases the pressure on the spring. That’s the key. When do we grow up enough that it’s time for the quantum leap? So there’s a window in which this can happen. ”WHAT YOU THINK WILL HAPPEN IN 2012 IS ACTUALLY COMING IN 2017” I was told [about this] all the way back in 2009 by this high-level insider, very high-level insider, who I call Jacob. He told me that the event I thought was going to happen at the end of the Mayan calendar in 2012 was actually going to happen in 2017. I hid that data because, unfortunately, part of what happens is that if I say something publicly, many people who are allegedly channeling will very quickly co-opt my information. They trust my sources and they want to be on the right track. And so it then very quickly reaches a point where you can’t tell the difference, or it becomes harder to tell the difference between who’s real and who’s just parroting your information. I sailed right through 2012 and never said anything about 2017. I figured, “Hey, maybe it’s going to happen in 2012 after all.” There was a lot of good [scientific] evidence to point to that [which I extensively detailed in “The Source Field Investigations.”] 2012 came and went, but since that time, man, it is ramping up. You don’t have to be that ignorant. You don’t have to be that intelligent either. It is smack-in-your-face obvious that we are building up to something very, very huge here. OUR ABILITIES AFTER ASCENSION(126:20) JC:What were some of the abilities that you were referring to? DW:Well, if you go back to the Hindu scriptures, they talk about the eight talents of Krishna. [DW: Look up the ”eight superhuman faculties” of Kalki.] You know there are different Messianic stories from religious traditions. We’re talking about really incredible magic powers here. We’re talking about stuff that you would see in some of the best sci-fi and fantasy movies. So we’re talking about one person being able to instantaneously transform a landscape. We’re talking about stuff even at that level of significance. Somebody who would have the power to be able to levitate multiple automobiles at once and throw them in a direction, for example. MOVIES LIKE ”THE LAST AIRBENDER” WILL NOT BE FICTIONAL ANY LONGER Somebody who would be able to create any of the elements, like inThe Last Airbender. I know people said, “Oh, it was a terrible movie,” but it was interesting to see all of the abilities these folks had. Some people can throw water. Some people can throw fire, air, earth, et cetera. I don’t think that necessarily all of us get this kind of large-scale super-duper telekinesis right away. But it is true that if you go back to Tibet, there’s all kinds of reports of these yogis flying around like flocks of birds in the air. They would push their hand or foot into a stone. They could liquefy the stone and leave a very nice footprint or handprint behind. There’s lots of examples of that on my show, Wisdom Teachings. You can go check that out –WisdomTeachings.com. I have a whole 8 episode mini-series just on the Tibetan Rainbow Body, where I show all these pictures of the handprints, the footprints. I give all of the teachings of how they got to this Rainbow Body. And, again, basically, you have to meditate all of the time. You have to have every thought be a loving thought. That does not mean you have to be that good as a meditator. It’s like the Olympics of spirituality to go that far. What it says in the Law of One, which is where I believe the truth can be found, is all you have to be is slightly more than 50% good – Service to Others. [This means being a] positive, loving, forgiving type of person. You can still be 49% selfish, manipulative, jealous, conniving and controlling and you’re still good to go for this ascension. So it’s not something that only the elite are going to go through. It’s not like if you occasionally have marshmallows or a cigarette that you’re not going to ascend. [Nor is it that if] you get drunk once in a while or you do drugs, you’re not going to ascend. It’s not like that. What really counts is character: how you treat people and what kind of thoughts are going through your mind. WHAT ABOUT OUR PETS? JC:This takes us back to Allison’s question at the beginning of the show. What happens to the little ones – the cats and the dogs and the horses? DW:This is something very interesting that I learned through one of the new insiders. If you have human beings and you portal a human being forward in time, we have something called a zero-time reference. THE ZERO-TIME REFERENCE The energetic body is anchored to the moment of conception. If you move that physical body forward in time, it will automatically progress or regress to the appropriate age that it would be at that time in history. So if you’re going to move a human in time, you actually have to change this zero-time reference – to shift it. This requires advanced extraterrestrial technology. You can’t just do it. So for example, [let’s say] you go through a natural stargate. There’s a variety of vortex points on earth where that will happen in the right planetary alignments at the right time of the year. [In such a case,] you can end up portaled 300 years into the future. What will happen is very quickly you’ll become a feeble old man or woman and you’ll die – unless you have the right ZTR (zero-time reference) [shifting] capability. Now, the funny part is, and I only learned this recently, animals do not have a ZTR. You can portal animals forward in time and they’ll live out their lives just fine. DINOSAURS PORTALING INTO OUR TIME AND SPACE So, for example, the Loch Ness Monster was a plesiosaurus. There have been multiple cases of lake monsters and pterodactyls that have flown in or swum in to a portal, and portaled into our time. What we are calling the Cabal or Illuminati, the military-industrial-complex, would [pick them up with] an advanced craft that we would think of as a UFO. I [was told that at] some time in the early 1970s they picked up Nessie. They took Nessie out of Loch Ness. They’ve picked up a bunch of these monsters that come through – dinosaurs that portal through. And they’ve stored them in various facilities. BENEVOLENT ETs TO PORTAL LIFE ON EARTH TO A SAFE TIME So what’s happening now is that in reference to your question, we have a situation where benevolent extraterrestrials will portal the life on earth forward in time to when it is safe again. So nothing dies an unfortunate death. It’s not like some big global catastrophe. That’s a common misperception. It only happens to the people who have invited that type of balancing karma. If you stay on earth and you go through the shift, even if you’re not really a very nice person, you’re [fine.] Only the most evil, negative people are ever going to see this negative timeline. It’s possible that the positive people for a while won’t even realize that this thing has happened. APOCALYPTIC WORLD FOR NEGATIVE PEOPLE Only the most negative people are actually going to see this type of disaster. They [the Cabal] have seen within their time viewing technologies that this is coming. Look at a movie like Interstellar. There are all kinds of movies that [lay out this prophecy.] The newMad Maxmovie that’s out right now [Mad Max: Fury Road] [is another example.] [There are] so many films describing this post-apocalyptic world because they see that it’s coming for them, but not for everybody else. WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO GO THROUGH THE EVENT BUT ARE NOT READY TO ASCEND?(132:00) So if you are not one of those types of people, you will go through this event. If you’re not actually going to ascend, then probably what will happen is that you live out your normal life. You’ll die normally. And then when you next reincarnate, you’ll just reincarnate on a different planet. CHINA’S PSYCHIC STAR CHILDREN JC:Is this why the Chinese government is trying to crush Tibet? DW:Well, I don’t know if you could boil it down to something that simple. I do think that there are elements of the Chinese government that are controlled by the Cabal. And I think the regional tension with Tibet is multi-generational. But, yeah, the Chinese government did go around [looking for people with advanced abilities.] There’s a really great book calledChina’s Super Psychicsby Paul Dong. Interestingly enough, when you have people that grow up in extreme poverty, in many cases that hardship makes you more apt to develop these types of ascended abilities. So there are these kids in China [with ascended-type abilities already]… and this was documented. HIGH-LEVEL OIL EXECUTIVES WITNESSED FEATS OF CONSCIOUSNESS THAT SEEMED LIKE MIRACLES In fact, US oil executives went to China and witnessed [these types of phenomena.] One of the most stunning ones is a little girl who can wave her hands in front of a whole room full of people holding flowers that haven’t bloomed yet. She time-accelerates the blossoms, and the flower literally opens up right in front of your eyes as you are holding it in your hand. JC:I remember that. DW:Yeah. And there’s kids that can teleport pills out of bottles that are sealed. The seal is still good, but the pills end up outside the bottle. JC:I do that now. But that’s a whole other show. DW:Ha, ha, ha. That’s the late show. UM…. MOVING ON…. JC:Hey, man. Have you picked out your wardrobe for this weekend? I’ve got to get you aFade to Blackshirt. You’ve got to wear it. DW:Ha, ha, ha. Shameless plug from this guy! JC:Oh, no, no, no. I’m just saying . . . I’m just saying that you’ve got to wear aFade to Blackshirt atContact in the Desert. Have your girl call my girl. We’ll get that all set up. ”THE ILLUMINATI ARE RULING THE WORLD” Oh, I meant to tell you before the break. Check this out. You’re going to love this and I want your comments. Back in the early 70s, I suppose . . . Let’s just say I’m 10 years old – 10, 11, right around in that area, 72, 73, I’m like 10 or 11 years old. I’m listening to shows like this on my little AM radio on my nightstand. I would dial in these crazy late-night guys. I would get no sleep, and I would go to school in the morning, you know, transformed. So anyway, late night, you know it’s 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning in the middle of the week. I’m listening to this late-night AM radio guy and he says this. This is what he says. He goes, “Okay, man. You don’t know this, but the Illuminati are running the world.” DW:Ha, ha, ha! HE WROTE IT DOWN AND ASKED EVERYONE HE KNEW JC:You know, this is like 1972, 73. And I guarantee you my eyes popped open. You know my room is dark. The Illuminati? So I roll over and I write it down. I write down ‘The Illuminati.’ I don’t know if I spelled it right, but I wrote it down. He said, “They go back to the cave man days. They were the strongest tribes back then. Ever since back with the Neanderthals. “They were the strongest tribe. They ran governments. They ran Egypt and they ran Greece and they ran Rome and the United Kingdom and China. “You know throughout history the Illuminati has been the strongest tribe. And today they are running the world. It’s a secret government.” And so I wake up in the morning, and I’ve had nightmares now. I wake up and I go to my parents. “You ever heard of the Illuminati?” ‘Nope.’ NOT EVEN MR. MC WILLIAMS KNEW ABOUT THE ILLUMINATI I go to school. I go to my 6thgrade teacher, whatever his name was. It’s escaping me now. I go to him. . . Mr. McWilliams. “Have you ever heard of the Illuminati?” “No, never heard of them.” JC:And it was crazy to me that I got this secret information from AM radio overnight that I never forgot to this day. I never forgot his description, the way that he laid it out there. That was in the early 1970s. I went around and quizzed everybody throughout life after that. I couldn’t get information out of anybody. Nobody had heard of it, which to me confirmed what he was trying to say that night back in 1973. FIRST BATCH OF ”DELETED” AUDIO: POP MUSIC PROPAGANDA (137:30 to 137:47 missing audio) DW:They have gotten so audacious and daring now. And particularly the amount to which they are jamming out propaganda through pop music now is unbelievable. End Restored Audio MADONNA WRITES A SONG OPENLY ENDORSING THE ”ILLUMINATI” DW:My last article, Secret Space Program: Countdown to Exposure, is on my website divinecosmos.com. I encourage everybody to go read that. Madonna has come out and openly admitted“If there is something called the Illuminati, I want to be in it. “And I know who the Illuminati is. The Illuminati are the good guys. And they are all the smartest people throughout history.” JC:Why would she, David, why would she come out when you have everything on the Internet and different fringe shows and websites and so forth that have been talking about this? [It is] not only Madonna, but you know JayZ, Beyonce, what have you, you know, pick a star – Lady Gaga. The finger’s [been] pointed at Madonna like that for so long. Then she turns around and comes out with a song called Illuminati. Why would she do that? DW:Yeah. And she sings, “The ‘all seeing eye’ is watching tonight. That’s what it is, the Truth and the Light.” Unbelievable! THE PEOPLE IN POP MUSIC ARE BEING GREATLY ABUSED AND WE SHOULD HELP FIGHT FOR THEIR FREEDOM JC:Yeah. Why would she do that? Was she told to do it? That’s the only thing I can think of. DW:Yeah. These folks in pop music, they don’t rank very high in the Order. They’re not running the thing. That is why I also pulled Kanye West’s quote where he got all excited about Madonna’s song, ‘Illuminati’. “Yes, yes!” He was jumping up and down on the soundboard. He got so excited about it. And he’s now come out and said, “People think we’re running the world. We’re just hired talent. “They just tell us what to do. And if we don’t go along with it, we don’t have a job.” So you’ve got to realize that the pop music big people are just playing along to a script. You have the artist Kesha who came out and actually had this song called ‘Die Young’ – right before the Sandy Hook school shootings. She’s basically saying, “Let’s just party and die young.” Then in the video she’s dancing in front of an illuminated pentagram. And then she comes out and says that she was raped by this guy that she was working with. She was forced to sing those lyrics and she didn’t want to. THESE PEOPLE ARE NOT SHAPESHIFTERS JC:I think she’s a reptilian anyway. JC:Oh, you laugh. Ha, ha, ha. DW:Look. The shapeshifting reptilians thing is a meme that David Icke introduced – and he since has altered it. He’s said he thinks these people have a spiritual reptilian influence, but are not physically shapeshifting. I don’t believe that there is any such thing as shapeshifting biological material. It just doesn’t work that way. We all have the same basic laws. I really encourage folks to try not to go on a witch hunt here. Madonna is basically doing what she has been told. THE POP STARS ARE BEING HORRIBLY ABUSED IN WAYS WE CANNOT EVEN IMAGINE People like Madonna, JayZ, Beyonce, Nikki Minaj, name ‘em, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry. These people are tortured by the Illuminati so fiercely. Many of them would do anything to get out if they could. They have been electrocuted. They have been raped. They have had to watch violence and death be done in front of them in satanic rituals. It’s horrible. We should not be hating these people. We should be trying to help these people get free. Most of the people who are stuck in this horrible cult do not want to be in it. They would do anything to get out. So let’s not go blaming them. THE HIDDEN CULT OF HOLLYWOOD JC:Well, are they in the cult? And look. Since I arrived in Hollywood in 1983, I’ve heard rumors about this. It’s like ‘urban legend’ in Hollywood. You hear about it everywhere you go in the music business and the movie business. And for those people that are not in Hollywood, that are listening now from another part of the country and are rolling their eyes and going, ‘Oh, come on….’ No. You know what? Live here. Move here and certainly become part of the industry in some way. It doesn’t matter on what level. JC:You’re going to hear these rumors. And this is nothing that David or myself have made up. This is a sub-culture that you kind of learn to accept because you hear it nearly daily. Whether it’s somebody like Corey Haim, God rest his soul. He was great. But you hear about these stories all the time. PEDOPHILE HOLLYWOOD DIRECTORS What was the director that . . . Oh, what’s his name? DW:Bryan Singer? [Who was accused of pedophilia by a boy who worked on one of his projects.] JC:Yeah, Bryan Singer and his family. He’s one of the most . . . Now look, I want to back up and use the word ‘allegedly’. JC:Ha, ha. Let’s just use the word ‘allegedly’. But you hear about guys like him and other directors and producers and influential people throughout the industry. This is stuff that happens on a daily basis out here in Hollywood and it’s crazy. I know it sounds nutty . . . DW:It is horrible. JC:Yeah. You hear about it every single day. There are . . . You know, you hear about…. SECOND DELETED SECTION: TOP CABAL PEOPLE ARE GUILTY AND WILL BE DEFIANT UNTIL THE END (142:55 to 143:30 – missing audio) JC:This thing with Bill Cosby. That’s just the public version of things. JC:What has been going on in this subculture, these rumors, I’ve heard about it since the day I set foot in Hollywood. DW:Well, let’s be clear about one other thing. There are some people who have really plotted for the deaths of millions and millions of people. And those people will be defiant to the end. In fact, they have an inner saying they use. [They say] that they will be defiant until the “quick drop and the sudden stop.” And that’s hanging. The quick drop is… End Restored Audio THE DEFIANCE OF THE CABAL DW: . . . when the ground falls out from under you with a noose on your neck. And the sudden stop is when your neck breaks. So they will be laughing. They will be saying “f- you” and “You’re a bunch of useless eaters” right up to the moment… THIRD DELETED SECTION OF THE ORIGINAL: DIABOLICAL LAUGHTER (143:44 to 144:10 – missing audio) …where the noose is around their neck. They will be cackling with diabolical laughter. (Laughs) That’s how they think. JC:We’re going to be, again, about 2 minutes up against our last break. And then I’m going to ask you, please indulge me and hang out for another 15 minutes. DW:Sure, no problem. JC:And maybe we’ll take a couple of phone calls. I want to throw this out at you. End Restored Audio HOW DID YOU MEET COREY GOODE? JC:. . . and his story and his involvement with you. It is all over the Internet. There’s been a lot of leaks. There’s been a lot of disinfo on both sides of the fence. So I want to talk about Corey when we come back. How did you meet Corey? And how far along are you with your research? I know that you’re going to be doing some additional disclosure. If it’s okay – I don’t know if I’m throwing you under the bus. You guys have shot some video. Are you going to present some of that stuff too? DW:Not at Contact in the Desert. It probably won’t be ready by then, but it’s going to be ready soon afterwards. JC:How did you meet Corey? INSIDER DATA ABOUT A FLYING BLACK TRIANGLE THAT WAS MALFUNCTIONING DW:He emailed me beginning in 2009 and shared some insider data with me. He saw a malfunctioning flying black triangle that was actually like a blimp held on a tether. It hadn’t quite inflated properly. It was a thing like a gigantic triangular blimp. He shared this story with me in confidence, and I said, “Wow, that’s amazing.” We talked off and on. I knew he was a supporter of my work and he’d write me from time to time. JC:When did he see this? DW:He wrote me about this in 2009. I think the event happened in the 1990s. A VERY STRANGE SIGHTING IN THE DESERT JC:Check this out. In the last couple of weeks, I was with somebody that told me this story. And this is somebody I trust like a brother, like a family member. Okay, without going any further. He said that he witnessed up in northern California in 2009 a craft that was being towed across the valley in northern-northern California, in the remote part of northern California, where there is nothing. And he said that it was being pulled at, and it looked like a dragon on the end of a long cable. It was moving like a snake. And the craft at the end was a ball with a long tubular structure with long tubes on the end. He drew it for me, by the way. It was being escorted by a couple of aircraft and helicopters across this large mountain range, where there are no airports. There is no civilization. There are no towns. There is nothing. And there were a few witnesses that saw this. But it was being towed. A TEST OF AN END-TIMES SIMULATION TECHNOLOGY DW:That’s probably a test of one of the types of technologies that they have. They were going to use [these technologies] to try to fake either an alien invasion or a biblical apocalypse. [It would be something like the] rapture, [or] demons in the sky. That kind of thing. JC:He said the ball in the front of the craft that was being towed . . . By the way, it was like . . . It was hundreds of yards long. This wasn’t some small craft. DW:Yes. It’s huge. JC:It’s huge. And he said the ball in the front had a windshield. He said it was so close to them that if there had been somebody standing in windows, he would have been able to see them. JC:But there wasn’t anybody at the front of the craft. He said he didn’t know if it was damaged or it was being tested, but it didn’t have wings. It was metallic. And it was interesting. IT LOOKED LIKE ”BUCK ROGERS” And the drawing that he drew, which I have with me now, it’ll blow your mind. It looks . . . It is Buck Rogers, man. It’s notBattlestar Galactica, Star Wars, no. This is like backwards looking. It’s more Buck Rogers-ish. Let’s take a quick break. When we come back, I want to talk more about Corey and take some phone calls. Let’s do it. This is Fade to Black. Tonight David Wilcock. Always great stuff when David is on with us. This is the Bespoke Radio for the Masses. I’m your host Jimmy Church. WHO’S PROTECTING DAVID WILCOCK? Let’s go straight to the phones. Hi, you’re live on Fade to Black. Say ‘Hi’ to David Wilcock. Who’s calling? Caller:This is Walt. JC:Hey, Walt. How are you man? Are we going to see you in a couple of days? Walt:Oh, no. I got a private invitation, but no. I just don’t have time. But listen. I want to thank you Jim. David, I got your book. I read it. Wow! What a guest tonight and what an interview. DW:Well, thank you. Walt:David, you know so much. And you talk to so many people that are in the know. A lot of them, I guess, keep themselves private to the general public. But for some reason they talk to you. And you’ve been protected, I guess, because you’re a hot item with the people that don’t want you to talk. ARE PEOPLE FROM THE FUTURE PROTECTING YOU? I think I know who’s protecting you. You’re not going to believe this. My guess, okay? Walt:I think it is relatives from your future. I think they’re coming back and they’re going to keep an eye on you and keep you safe. DW:I would actually agree with you. I think that’s exactly correct. So wherever you got that from, a high-five, buddy. You’re right. JC:Okay, thank you for the call, Walt. JC:Thank you. Well, yeah. Wow! I . . . DW:Let me just add one little thing here. These people don’t come to me as much as . . . are we still on? JC:Oh, yeah, we’re live. DW:I’m waiting for it at this point. I’m thinking, “If we get through this, it’s going to be amazing.” I sought these people out. [They didn’t just come to me.] I DO NOT CONSIDER MYSELF TO BE A SMART PERSON I also just want to say something. People say to me, “David, you know so much. You have all this information. You’re so intelligent.” Blah, blah, blah. I don’t think of myself as a smart person. To me, everything I talk about is very basic and very obvious. You know, I’ve been through the wringer. I’ve done the homework. I would not say the things I say unless I absolutely believed with every fiber of my being that I’m telling you the truth. As crazy as some of this stuff sounds, I have gone through and I have vetted it out. I’ve done the scientific research. And I have worked very hard to find these insiders. They don’t just come to me. I have to go seek them out. That’s a big difference from what he was saying. That’s the only thing I wanted to add. IS SCIENTOLOGY PART OF THE CABAL? JC:I’m going to . . . I don’t really want a comment from you on this, because it’s getting into dangerous territory and you’ll understand why after you hear what I have. Cortana says, “Is Scientology all part of this cult of Hollywood’s loosh junkies?” And I’m going to say this. Although Scientology scares the crap out of me, and there’s a lot to be said about it, I’d rather just research and not comment. You know what? They’re too vicious and I don’t want them coming after me, coming after you. They have long tentacles and deep pockets, too, as well. DAVID’S ORTHODONTIST WAS A SCIENTOLOGIST DW:(Laughs) Well, I had a orthodontist in Louisville, Kentucky who was a Scientologist. We got talking about the Illuminati. He definitely knew about it, but in his mind, they were the enemy. TOM CRUISE HAS AT LEAST TWO MOVIES BLASTING THE CABAL And Tom Cruise obviously is known as a Scientologist. And yet, if you look at either of his two most recent movies, which would be theLive, Die, Repeat…. I forget what the rest of it was actually called. [Edge of Tomorrow.] That’s what they ended up using as the main thing on the title. The other one wasOblivion. Holy smokes! I’ve done articles just on those movies. It does appear that at the top levels of Scientology there is some penetration from the Illuminati – but that group, per se, is not an Illuminati group. LET’S LEAVE IT RIGHT THERE…. JC:Interesting. I . . . You know what, I . . . and let it lie right there. I have no issues with Scientology. Ha, ha, ha, ha. JC:None. None. I find it very fascinating, though. I’ll say this. L. Ron Hubbard with all that money, David, all that money, and he never got his teeth fixed. I just don’t get that. I don’t get that. I mean why not get your teeth cleaned? I guess there’s no dentist in Scientology. Well, you just said you had an orthodontist. JC:All right. Moving on. This question just came in. Scientology, we kid. No, we don’t, but we do. WHY AREN’T ALIENS TAKING PEOPLE ONBOARD THEIR CRAFT NOW? “When you started the interview, David stated that the aliens are no longer taking people on board their ships. Please ask why. “Also, has he ever heard of real robots working with the aliens?” Interesting question. And I think he’s referring to robots like Robbie the Robot. DW:Yes, I get it. Okay, so, question number one I already did explain. We’ll probably have this transcribed because I’ve leaked a lot of new stuff. So we’ll get this typed up. I’ve also got to post a transcript of the one I did with George. I’ve been so busy with this video, I haven’t had time to actually post these things. IN-PERSON CONTACTS WERE DISCONTINUED DUE TO THE PROBLEMS IT CAUSED The reason why, as I said, people were not being contacted and actually brought on board the ships [after the early 1960s by the benevolent ETs] was because of two things. Number one, they were being worshipped by fans and followers as if they were different and more special than everyone else. And number two, they started doing things like womanizing, developing egos and doing illicit financial things – [such as] profiting too much off of their services. That kind of stuff. So the ETs are very strict about all this stuff – the good guys at least. They are very strict on that you have to live your life as an ethical person. The way the Illuminati would be able to take down somebody like me is if I actually had a breach in ethics. DAVID TRIES TO DO THE BEST HE CAN Now, people make up stuff about me online all the time. I’m not saying that the average person has to try to live as perfect of a life as I do, in terms of the amount of diet perfection that I try to go for. [Nor is it necessary to do] the jogging, the exercise, [or] the complete lack of any intoxicating substances or drugs whatsoever. I’ve been sober ever since September 21, 1992, and I intend to stay that way. I’m not saying you have to be sober to ascend. If you want to do what I’m doing and not get whacked, you absolutely have to be an Olympic athlete. You’ve got to be in it 100%. JC:Yeah, not only that, David. You’ve got to . . . If anything did happen to you, you’d become a martyr. Let’s knock on wood here. But then that just means everything that you said, now people have to sit up and listen to it. DW:You can pull Obi-Wan’s quote right out of Star Wars: “If you kill me, I’ll become more powerful than you can imagine.” (Laughs) Yeah, exactly. They don’t want that. JC:No, it’s exactly right. There’s . . . THERE IS A GREAT WEALTH OF RECORDED MATERIAL NOW AVAILABLE DW:See, because then . . . I’ve got about 130 episodes I’ve done with Gaiam TV now – onWisdomTeachings.com, as I said. People can go watch that for US$9.95 a month. You get this little Roku stick and you can watch it on your TV. There’s [the] Amazon Fire [stick]. There’s Google Play. Cable is obsolete now. And you can watch whatever you want. They do not want to make me into a martyr, because I’ve been able to release so much of the material that I want to tell the world [on my shows.] It’s [all] going to become far more significant if something happened to me. I know they’ve tried other [ideas.] There are various plans of how they could try to take me down. PLANS TO COOK UP A FAKE AUDIO TRACK One of the plans I’ve heard is they’ve actually cooked up apparently some very fake audio of me, where it appears that I’m saying very disparaging things. So if that ever happens, if people apparently have leaked information where I’m saying something on the phone and it sounds like I’m a Luciferian, or that I’m very disparaging, or I’m saying racist things, or whatever, it’s not true. I really do appreciate all types of people. I have not womanized. I’ve had just five girlfriends in my life. I am not a homosexual. Take your pick. I know they’re going to try a lot of stuff, apparently, as this all goes big. [DW: I am not attacking homosexuals here. I have been told that accusing me of homosexuality is simply another way to try to stigmatize and slander my work.] DISCLOSURE COMING SOON We are going to get Disclosure pretty soon. And that’s the next stage of this. We’re facing [a situation] now [where] Greece is going to default on June 6th. When they do, it very likely could take the euro down. And then when the euro goes down, the dollar’s going to go down. [DW: The payment was not made. Only an IOU that they may pay it later on, even though they have no money. Insiders have told us that this whole sequence of events is being delayed until early autumn.] THE US IS ALREADY BANKRUPT — IT JUST HASN’T BEEN ANNOUNCED YET The US is already functionally bankrupt. They haven’t announced this to the public yet. There are already laws on the books right now that say, “Your money in the bank already belongs to the federal government.” They can use it as needed to bail themselves out. They did the same thing in 1934 when they recalled everybody’s gold in the midst of the Great Depression. JC:Yeah, I’m a firm believer in one thing – a safe in your house. JC:Your grandparents had it right when they were putting everything underneath their mattress. JC:I have no issue with that at all. BAIL-INS COULD BE THE FINAL TRIGGER FOR MASS ARRESTS AND DISCLOSURE DW:Let me just finish that thought really quickly by saying that they apparently are going to try to do these bail-ins. They are expecting that the public is going to get really angry. This is probably going to be the trigger that will lead to this mass arrest scenario I’ve been talking about. When that happens, it’s going to be one of the biggest shocks and surprises. I know there are a lot of people that are pissed off, because I’ve been talking about this since probably 2011. It hasn’t happened yet, but the more I’ve learned, I can tell you that absolutely it is real. THERE IS AN EARTH ALLIANCE AND A SPACE PROGRAM ALLIANCE The Alliance is far more complex than I realized. This includes the fact that there is one type of Alliance that’s here on earth and they have goals. Then there’s another Alliance that’s actually working in the Space Program. Many of the things that the Alliance on earth is trying to do are ultimately going to be relatively obsolete, or only short-term transitional stages. Once the Space Program’s stuff comes into view, we’re going to have technologies that are so far beyond what we have right now. That alone is going to be the biggest quantum leap in society that we have ever had in recorded history. JADE HELM AND U.S. BANKRUPTCY JC:What do you think about Jade Helm? Is that part of what’s going on? DW:What I heard from Pete Peterson, who I trust, and his sources I trust, is that it is largely not true. They have been using that to try to inspire preppers to get more prepared, because they are expecting the U.S. to announce that it’s bankrupt. Congress is not going to approve any more debt ceiling raising. The rest of the world is not going to tolerate it any more. There is all kinds of weird stuff going on. Apparently, since January of this year, Saudi Arabia is not accepting dollars as payment for oil. They are only accepting gold. That has not been publicly reported. That’s one thing that could get me in a lot of trouble for saying, but it is apparently true. BITCOINS CREATED BY NSA GOOD GUYS And we’re in trouble. The U.S. government is bankrupt. As I said in my show that I did in San Mateo, California, the New Living Expo, the NSA good guys [made Bitcoin.] There are good guys in every intelligence agency. [The NSA good guys] did make Bitcoin to have a backup so that if the Federal Reserve tries to crash the dollar, we can reboot our currency off of Bitcoins. And Bitcoins cannot be tampered with. They cannot be hacked. Goldman recently bought a bunch of Bitcoins. They see the writing on the wall. JC:Yeah, yeah, yeah. I found that really interesting. Let’s back up. I have a couple of questions. Now we’re about out of time, so I’ve got to get these in. With your knowledge of DNA manipulation, do you think that all of the critical leaps of knowledge throughout history [were programmed?] I’m referring to mathematics, the chaffing of wheat, the wheel, fire. Were all of these predestined and preprogrammed in our DNA? [Do you think] that knowledge was set to happen on a set date? DW:I think we worship DNA too much. DNA is sort of like the antenna. Then the question is, who is actually making the broadcast? DW:Walt was giving me compliments about the last book I wrote,Synchronicity Key. I think that’s what he was talking about. In the whole second half of that book, I talk about how history is cyclical. The same things keep happening. So it does appear that we are on an intelligently-designed timeline. WE ARE ON AN INTELLIGENTLY-DESIGNED TIMELINE Synchronicity and forces of dreams and visions [drive us along,] and spontaneous inventors come up with things seemingly on their own. There are cases in history where all over the world, simultaneously or almost simultaneously, the same technologies are developed. You mentioned the mill for wheat as one example. It does appear that we are on a very precisely manicured timeline. [It] is steered to make sure that we all go through this collective initiation. We [needed to] have a suitable type of technology to mimic the telepathy that we’re going to have when we go through this quantum leap. Of course, I’m talking about the Internet, where everybody is now connected to everybody with this little gizmo that they carry around in their pocket. That is sort of like the training wheels to get us ready for this telepathic new reality we’re going to be in. This new reality is also not going to have money. And we’re already seeing everything going in that direction. INTERNET RESULTING IN THE INABILITY TO MONETIZE CREATIVE PRODUCTS All these institutions that used to make money are collapsing. Everybody is downloading their music. Everybody is stealing movies. It’s so hard now to monetize any creative work, because piracy is so widespread. Nobody thinks it’s a bad thing any more. This is bad for the artists – guys you and me who are out there trying to play guitar. JC:Right, right. You touch upon something that, I think, is critical. It is music and it is movies, but, you know what, it’s books, it’s photography, it’s illustration, it’s . . . JC:That’s what I’m talking about. Yeah. Newspapers, Time Magazine, pick something. Now that monetization part of our culture is completely gone, completely vaporized. DW:When was the last time that I paid to read something? I don’t even know. JC:I don’t know how they monetize. I don’t. I don’t. HOW CAN ANYONE MONETIZE THEIR WORK THESE DAYS? It’s frightening what the Internet has done. And it also goes to another level, David. I use a simple file share program to move stuff around. And I look at that website when I open up that program, which was given to me free from another company. I didn’t steal it. You know, this is what we use here. You can download it from our site. But there’s no advertising on that program. There’s no payment for it. But, there was a team of engineers somewhere that wrote the code that got it to work flawlessly, by the way. It’s amazing. But where . . . You know, . . . How . . . That entire part because of the Internet . . . That entire part of monetization is gone. How does that company survive? I don’t get it. But yet we want everything for free, for free, for free. It’s a road to nowhere, if we stop and think about it. DW:As many people are now using this term, it’s a race to the bottom. JC:Right. Ha, ha, ha. GIVE US SOMETHING BIG, NEW AND CRAZY! JC:Oh, man. Okay, now, this just came in and we have to leave on this note. “David has to give us a piece of unheard-of information live on the air.” Just like you did last time. Let’s have them shut us down, David. Ha, ha, ha. Ah, let’s see. Give us your best shot there, Tiger. 100 SPHERES COMING INTO OUR SOLAR SYSTEM (167:40) DW:Okay. Okay. I got a good one for you. I talked about these 100 spheres that have come into our solar system. This gets back to the Corey question. I’ll try to integrate some things here because we didn’t really talk about it. JC:No. How do we do that? How did we . . . That was the main part of the show for me tonight. DW:(Laughs) It didn’t happen. JC:It didn’t happen. I love you brother. Ha, ha, ha. DW:I got your back, buddy. Back to back, going down in a hail of gunfire here. JC:Yes, we are. DW:We’ve had 100 [cloaked] spheres show up in the solar system since 2012. They have given the Solar Warden people advanced technology that is allowing them to defeat the Cabal. Some very strange things are going on. ETs IN ”EMBASSIES” ON EARTH AND IN OUR SOLAR SYSTEM There’s all of these ETs in what we call embassies somewhere in the earth. Some of them are spread throughout our solar system – Mars, the moon and a variety of other moons and asteroids. THE BLUE AVIANS GAVE SOLAR WARDEN HIGHLY ADVANCED DEFENSIVE TECHNOLOGY As I said, Solar Warden was the breakaway faction amongst these five space program factions. The Blue Avians are apparently one of five types of beings that are in these spheres. We’re talking now [about] humanoids that have bird-like heads. They are sort of a morph between a bird and a human face. They are 8 feet tall. (2.7 meters.) They have indigo-blue feathers mixed with some purple-type feathers, depending on which being you are talking to. These beings have now given Solar Warden the most advanced technology on the block. A NO-FLY ZONE AROUND THE EARTH AND A BARRIER AROUND THE SOLAR SYSTEM Solar Warden is now enforcing a no-fly zone around the earth. Nobody can fly in or out of the earth anymore unless they are permitted to. Something has been put around our solar system [that they] call the Barrier. This means that nobody can get in. Nobody can get out. And communications cannot get in and out. One of the interesting things is that when the Barrier was put up, the vast majority of all the reptilians in their so-called Dark Fleet were outside the solar system. And they cannot get back in. THE DRACO ROYALS BETRAYED EVERYONE BELOW THEIR IMMEDIATE LEVEL Another interesting thing that happened is that the royals of the reptilians, the Dracos that are still here, were willing to betray [everyone.] They asked if they could betray everyone in the Illuminati below their own cadre of royalty, meaning only the top, top level reptilians. They were going to betray everybody else in their order if they were just allowed to get the heck out of here. That’s apparently how real they see this coming Event as being. For them, it’s curtains time. For everybody else, it’s the Cosmic Springboard. EVERYTHING IS BUILDING UP TO MASS ARRESTS AND DISCLOSURE So what’s now happening is that there are all these meetings taking place with people on earth. This gets back to the question of why aren’t they bringing us up into space any more. They stopped doing that in the 1950s and early 1960s, but now it’s happening again. People are being contacted. People are being brought up into space. There are hundreds and hundreds of people, apparently, who are being brought up there in advance of this big mass arrest thing that is going to happen. We’re going to see the Illuminati exposed. We’re going to see their plans exposed. It’s going to be the greatest wake up call [in recorded history.] THE ILLUMINATI TRIBUNALS WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING It’s probably going to end up being called the Illuminati Tribunals. It’s going to be all over TV. It’s going to be what everybody is talking about. Probably once this happens, you’re not going to hear any Lady Gaga or Katy Perry or any of that type of music being played on the radio when you walk into a restaurant or grocery store. People are going to know now what was going on. There’s going to be a huge backlash against this stuff. You’re going to see heads of state, major celebrities, major world leaders, as well as shadowy international bankers being brought out on trial. Many of the top level witnesses, who are the people who can bring down the Cabal, have already been brought off planet. They are in such danger from the Cabal and from the angry public that they are being held off planet. [That way,] when these mass arrests and the tribunals take place, they will be testifying from a secure location – meaning not on earth. THERE IS NOWHERE FOR THE CABAL TO HIDE The Cabal is trying to find a place to hide, but there is nowhere they can go where they are not going to be picked up. Apparently, a lot of them are planning on moving to Brazil. They do have this sort of militarized nation within Brazil. It’s sort of like a separate nation-state. It has a 12-mile perimeter, all militarized perimeter stuff with a little green zone inside where they all have these houses. A lot of them have apparently moved all of their stuff there already. They are expecting this thing to happen any time. IT IS FRUSTRATING THAT WE HAVEN’T HAD RESULTS YET I’ve been hearing this over and over again. It is like “the boy who cried Wolf.” It upsets me because I’m out there defending the Alliance. I don’t get to talk to anybody directly. It’s all on a need to know basis. And I’m not apparently at a level where I need to know who these people are yet. Corey is meeting with them regularly, and so I’m getting a lot more specific details now. I’m able to ask questions. I’m able to interact with them. IT’S ALL COMING TO A HEAD IN THE NEXT SIX MONTHS I ask them something and they give me the information. And what they are telling me is, “For God’s sake, David, get off your ass. Hurry the F___ up. “Do as much as you can to release this stuff as fast as you can, because it’s all coming to a head very, very soon.” Somebody said that they want new information. One of the most juicy things I was just told is that where we are going to be six months from now apparently is very different from where we are right now. Everything is going to accelerate to warp drive over the course of the next six months. That’s what I’m hearing. So I hope it’s true. I’d love to see that it comes true. DREAMS OF BEING FAR MORE PUBLIC IN THE FUTURE You know, I have all of these dreams telling me that I’m going to be extremely public, extremely exposed. Already when I go out in public, people spot me a lot of the time. I still can reasonably go through life without having everybody wanting to talk to me and take a selfie. Apparently in the future it is not going to be like that. I’ll be like a Snowden. Everybody is going to know who I am. I’ll probably have to have security and just, you know, not leave the house – basically just stay home all the time. But I certainly do not live in a militarized compound. (Laughs) THE FAMOUS POP STARS GOT THAT WAY BY BEING TALENTED — IN PART JC:Well, I can live without Lady Gaga, but I kind of like Katy Perry. DW:Yeah. These people earned the right to be famous by being talented. And, again, they are being tortured. They’re victims. DW:They’re being raped. They’re being abused. They are not happy people. That’s why you’ve got guys like Kurt Cobain killing themselves. It’s horrible to have a career [in these industries.] It’s funny, because you’d think, “I want to be famous. I want everybody to know my name.” If you do it through film acting or you do it through being a music star, good God. It’s not the life you thought you were going to have. THOTH WOULD BE AN EXAMPLE OF THE BLUE AVIANS JC:Right. Right. Its sounds like you were describing Thoth [with the Blue Avians] too. Were you? DW:Yeah. Well, that is an earlier example of these same beings, yeah. Absolutely. JC:Very interesting. Very interesting. DW:They came back. They were back there during the time of ancient Egypt. You see cave paintings of these humanoids with bird heads. And they came back. They are here to make sure that this whole thing goes smoothly. They brought in these 100-plus spheres. THE SPHERES ARE HERE TO HELP STABILIZE US THROUGH THE TRANSITION [The spheres are] basically energy balancers. They make sure that our solar system isn’t going to have a catastrophe. It modulates the energy increase as it is happening and keeps everything smooth. They are keeping this thing very carefully balanced. The Cabal is not going to be allowed to do mass depopulation. They’re not going to be allowed to do mass atrocities. They try and try and try. But they’re not going to be allowed to do it. JC:Thank you so much, David. TWO MORE SHOWS TO SCHEDULE JC:We’ve got two shows we’ve got to schedule. We’ve got a full music evening that we’ve got to get to. One thing that we’ve got to put on the front burner over the next couple of months, we’ve got to do a Corey show. And there’s a timing with other stuff that you’re working on that will be a necessity. We’ve got to get that done. And we need to make that commitment to the audience, because we dance . . . I don’t know how we blew past that time, but we did. MORE INFORMATION COMING OUT DW:Well, there’s a lot of stuff that’s coming out. We are going to have Corey do a mini-series on Gaiam TV. Everybody who’s a subscriber is going to be able to watch that. [DW: The first episode of this is going to be released for free, in addition to any in-house videos I make from our original taping.] PUTTING TOGETHER VIDEOS AND A HUGE BOOK OF NOTES I’ve also got six hours of footage in the can. I don’t know how much it’s actually going to turn into when I make it into videos. I may actually do a series instead of just doing all in one, because there is so much stuff now that I’m going through it. It’s so frickin’ good. It’s going to be mind-blowing for people. I’m also putting together a document that was 130 pages [of notes] when it started. I would just type as Corey was telling me all this stuff. I’m trying to arrange it into a linear order so that all the data he told me is in a book. And that’s going to be free. Then that way, nobody can say I’m hiding anything or that I’m sequestering information. It’s full disclosure. It’s all out there. That’s what the Alliance is telling us [they want.] I don’t know why, exactly, because I’m not on that need to know level. They’re saying, “Get out as much of this stuff as you can as fast as you can, because the SHTF.” So there you go. NO ILLUMINATI CUT-OFF THIS TIME! JC:Thank you so much. We’ll see you in about two or three days, man,Contact in the Desertin Joshua Tree. DW:All right, buddy. JC:David Wilcock, everybody. Thank you so much, David. DW:My pleasure. And I’ll . . . JC:Oh, man. I cut him off. That wasn’t the Illuminati. That was me, David. Ha, ha. Thank you so much. We are up against it. I have got to roll credits. Thank you, David. That was not the Cabal. That was my mouse. I don’t want anybody to freak out. Thank you, David. David Wilcock. This weekend we’ll be hanging out at Contact in the Desert – and so should you. (Credits.) MORE ABOUT THE PROGRESS ON THE VIDEO I did see some very, very nasty stuff that people have been writing about me on the internet. Most people’s lives are fairly ”normal,” stable and predictable — which is good. I long for the relative safety and comfort of those days! Each time I do an event, a Gaiam TV taping or an Ancient Aliens taping, I put my all into it. One hundred percent. At the Contact in the Desert (CID) event alone, I had fullyfive different events,four of which were lectures with complex and unique slideshows totaling 100 or more slides each. I have people who go to every single public event I do, so I try to never repeat anything. And somehow I manage to pull it off. After the CID event, I had no time to relax. I immediately had to study for another complex Ancient Aliens taping. Since that time I have been trying to calm down. The night before the Ancient Aliens taping, I unwisely agreed to do a cameo on Coast to Coast with George Noory. As a sign of the trouble I was in, I had the cordless right next to my head in bed. I slept right through them calling me fully seven different times. IT’S NOT AS EASY AS YOU MIGHT THINK Now that we are starting off Season Two of my new show Disclosure by featuring Corey Goode, I can relax with confidence that at least some form of video will get out there. Gaiam did not think I should release the other video at all. The reason for this was that I did a lot of talking, since Corey wasn’t saying much. We have discussed this and he will be a lot more expressive in our next round of tapings. The first episode, at least, will be free for everyone to watch. I do feel that the things I said were very valuable, and Corey agrees with me. I will try to take what we have and make it into something good nonetheless. Bear in mind that the vast majority of all this work is being done all by myself. I have had to learn a staggering amount of new software to do this properly. Furthermore, I have spent at least 45 hours just fixing ambient noise in the audio track due to having a new microphone and not monitoring our audio. The mic was constantly scratching against my shirt. I have fixed almost everything, but it has been toweringly frustrating and difficult. DECIDING TO ”BUILD AS I LEARN” From here on out, now that the audio is almost cleaned up (finally), I have decided that I will ”build as I learn” with the video. That way, all the high-end techniques I’m working on will make their way into the finished product instead of just being stored in my brain and in demo tutorials I have worked on. This feels like the right move. My next course is a five-and-a-half-hour tutorial on integrating Adobe Premiere Pro with After Effects in an editing / FX environment. I have finally been able to get back into productivity in the last week and am excited about all the things I’m learning. In the meantime, Gaiam is planning on having our first episode with Corey out ASAP. It could be some time in July but may take longer. QUITE LONG… AS USUAL… This has grown quite long, as usual, so it’s a good time to end it here. No matter how much time I put into writing an article, any audio of me that gets leaked out there generates at least 10 times more traffic. Any video I release generates at least 25 times more traffic than an article, on average. So, the benefits in doing this on a high-end level (i.e. significantly better than the majority of YouTube videos on the subject) makes very good sense. That goal is finally coming into view. It will be a change in how I do what I do, and I am very much looking forward to it. We are hearing that everything is reaching a grand crescendo, and if I have the time and feel inclined, I may finish and publish what I was already working on to illustrate the clues. It is a wild and wonderful ride right now. The truth comes with pain, but in the aftermath of that moment of suffering we will finally be free — for the first time in thousands of years. That is worth fighting for. That is worth dying for. The time for change is now. Get ready for the Upgrade!
Your favorite hip shaking Australian hurdler, Michelle Jenneke, has landed on U.S. soil for a press tour and it took her around 24 hours to do the Dougie on camera. That action starts at 3:20. The rest of the video, uploaded yesterday, is worthless. No track athlete not participating at the Olympics had a bigger 2012 thanks to a race routine than Jenneke. She arrived in L.A. on November 16 and seems to be making her way from Internet company to Internet company looking to create some new buzz. The problem: How do you duplicate or out-buzz the race routine GIF? Date one of the Lakers? One of the Clippers? Wait, speaking of the Lakers, Jenneke in October dropped some intentions on this U.S. trip. She also got Americanized by opening up a Twitter account – @MJenneke93 – where you can offer to take her to In & Out Burger for an Animal Style while she’s here in the States.
Even stamping it in pavement can't change its transitory time with us. I wonder who tried? I wonder who attempted to retain it, right there in old cement? I know, it's just somebody's name. It's a signature for whoever poured the foundation of the now old house that was, back then, young. But maybe Ponce de León was just a few centuries early and on the wrong coast. It's not a fountain of youth after all. It's a sidewalk. And I'm going to linger on it every time I walk by.
Michael needed a superhero just like you. Nothing Michael* ever did seemed to be good enough for his father. His dad used to get angry…a lot. He yelled at Michael, threatened him, and made him feel worthless. Sadly, these were just “normal” parts of a typical day in...read more Good news out of Raleigh for the youth of North Carolina! A final state budget rolled out by the General Assembly on Tuesday, June 20, included policy provision and funding for raising the age of juvenile court jurisdiction from 15 to 17. When the budget is adopted...read more - August 30 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm - September 6 @ 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm - October 4 @ 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm Email Newsletters And Policy Updates Sign up here to receive our monthly e-newsletter and/or policy updates on issues affecting children. Legal Services & Advocacy We provide advocacy and legal services for children in the areas of mental health, delinquency, custody advocacy, special education, and abuse and neglect. Research & Policy We improve outcomes for children by working collaboratively with community partners to improve community infrastructure and increase the capacity and support of local child-serving agencies. Our People/Our Stories We are a community: of advocates, attorneys, children, parents, volunteers, community partners. We are Council for Children’s Rights and these are our stories.
TEMPUR-Contour™ Allura features a deeply responsive pillow-top that combines high levels of TEMPUR-Adapt™ contouring with more firmly conforming comfort. The elegant tailoring includes a silk-blend cover fabric with contrasting side panels. Sleep Central Mattress Store is a locally owned and operated mattress and furniture store in Richardson, TX. Sleep Central was founded by Allen Harrell Sr, and his son Allen Harrell Jr. Father and son have over 70 years of experience in the mattress and furniture retail industry. Whether you need a mattress, bedding, bedroom furniture, or any bedroom accessory, the Harrell family can help you.
WELLSVILLE, Ohio (WYTV) — The search for a missing man continues in Wellsville. Police said Zane Carter, 24, was last seen on Thursday night in the village. On Tuesday, his friends formed a search party to look for him. They are worried for her his safety, and said it is not like him to disappear. “It is so unlike Zane. Everybody that knows him knows it is not like him. Somebody would have seen him somewhere, walking. He would have been posted on Facebook, called somebody, text somebody, especially his parents,” friend Hope Golden said. On Tuesday, police charged Mindy Hissom, 38, with obstruction of justice for providing false information in the case. Anyone who has seen Carter or who has any information that might help in the investigation can call Wellsville police at 330-532-1522.
I decide to embed a weekly post on my blog. Every week I'll write an interesting quote from sages. Here you go to pick the first up. “Buy the best, and you only cry once.” Yes, you have caught me, I bought a very posh coat!! ... this has made my day!! Anyway here you go to get an amazing and relly funny tool to avatar yourself sponsored by McDonald, I did it and was super!! Enjoy your weekend baking scones! Here my favorite websites of this week period: ♥ dwell - nice designers and modern fornitures ♥ lombok - it is a colonial shop but they also have wonderful things ♥ habitat - really a masterpiece The atmosphere is great and cool and cozy, you can see Piazza San Marco from their windows right in front of you! It is not overly smart, but it is stylish, it looks like a classic and old style restaurant, you can feel the antique atmosphere around you. Not to expect great culinary innovation, they use to cook just Italian classics and they do that greatly! Harry's Bar is not cheap but I´m so satisfied with the portions and drinks and the service is so excellent. I LOVE how they change the tablecloth before serving the desserts (their meringa lemon cake is haevenly! Have fun there It takes the stuff you get from the drive-thru and turns it into haute cuisine, complete with step-by-step instructions and pictorial evidence. Delicious! Fans of the site think the cheap but impressive-looking dishes are “timely in our economic downturn” or “a great resource for guys trying to impress girls without having to shell out for an expensive restaurant.”. On this website you can find lots of example of how presentation can change perception of quality and value. It's definitaly the website that turns your Big Mac into a gourmet dinner. "Whether you are staying for 48 hours or five days, visiting for business or a vacation, we’ve done the hard work for you, from finding the best restaurants, bars and hotels (including which rooms to request) to the most extraordinary stores and sites, and the most enticing architecture and design. Wallpaper* City Guides enable you to come away from your trip, however brief, with a real taste of the city’s landscape and the satisfaction you’ve seen all that you should. In short, these guides act as a passport to the best the world has to offer." All Lea Stein pins are copied by many others but to recognize the original and authentic one you can loot at back and find back these signs "Lea Stein, Paris" on the "V" clasp. MV says: all types of accessories such as jewels and also bags or belts are full of worth because you can hand them to your children! I've got lots of gorgeous vintage accessorises from my mum, my grandmother and my aunt and I LOVE them so much!!! At least I’m back and ready to enjoy properly this new year. I had really good time on the mountain with some friends of mine, skiing, eating, relaxing basically I enjoyed my life. Now it’s time to think about the next months and I’ve decided to achieve 2 goals in short time: the first one is to improve my English and the second is about health, I mean, getting fit curing my party-season hangovers (please don’t say the this is a waste of time, I need of many motivations from everyone!!). I wanna achieve my two goals by myself staying at home. To do this I got a special interactive and digital English course to upload on laptop, I’m going to watch one English movie per week, I’m going to read some English magazines or English books. I bought also lots of things to better motivate myself on the fitness side, yes I’m addicted of shopping. Anyway my get-fit essentials to motivate myself are: Erreà vogue tracksuit bottom (they’re a total fad in Italy in this season), white and soft socks, cool hood. I’m feeling more confident and motivated wearing them, I love this quote: dress to feel good!! I bought also weight-bearing, ankle-weights, bar weight and some special tones from Itunes too. Now after these investments in myself I’m ready to get fit with full body workout! As you can get I’m doing lots of lists about things to do, I’m not so sure I’ll do all of them but I’ll try it! Some lists I did: • New year’s resolutions • Things to learn and improve • Books to read • Movies to see • Things to buy for home • Things to not do • Gigs, Concerts, Exibitions, Museums to get
Saturday, March 12, 2011 Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L We were at a surprise party for a mutual friend and the lighting was typical of indoor night time lighting. As such, I needed to use 1600 ISO speed, which is something Brandi will do much better than I with her fancy pants new camera. But as is often the case, getting a so so picture is better than not getting a picture at all. So what are y'all doing this weekend? Make it a good one! Friday, March 11, 2011 Now back to my post for the day. I LOVE to photograph animals so our Friday Face for today is a big aquatic cutie! Gotta love dolphins. Shutter 1/800 sec. 18-200mm at 42mm My family and I were able to go and see a dolphin show the other day. My son was able to "wade with the dolphins" for the first time. He thought that was pretty cool. Like mother, like son, I've swam with the dolphins a couple of times in my life. It actually started to pour down rain while we were there, but we waited it out. The temperature just dropped about twenty degrees, but the shows just kept going on. So this picture was taken after the downpour while the skies were still cloudy. It gave me some nice, natural lighting on the dolphin. I adore dolphins so these shots were a lot of fun for me to take. Exotic animals is my connection to the post from yesterday. I believe our dude is up for tomorrow to help get us back on schedule. Thursday, March 10, 2011 Shutter 1/320 sec. 18-200 mm at 150mm I am all about new experiences in life. In fact I get thoroughly bored if I don't get try new experiences in my life. This was one of those experiences. My family and I had taken an airboat tour through the Everglades and this lovely girl (at least our guide said she was a girl) decided to swim on up to us and check us out. Now folks this was not some gator in a zoo or aquarium, this was a real live wild gator. It was AWESOME!!! The adorable older lady who sat in front of us on the airboat thought she was going to jump right in and join us in the boat. Instead she just kind of hung around checking us out. I literally could have reached out and touched her. Aftewards we all went out to eat and I tried (for the first time mind you) gator bites. They tasted really good, but I felt kind of bad eating them after seeing this beauty out in the wild. Enjoy your life experiences! Wednesday, March 9, 2011 The much anticipated (by me) Nikon D300s and the Nikon 24-70 f/2.8 lens. I got it delivered today by FedEx but unfortunately I only got 6 pictures taken today and all of them were taken after dark, inside, and at ISO 3200 (because I can!). I promise you all you'll be seeing some shots with the new gear soon. I'm not going to even put in the settings for the photo above. It was taken with my Nikon D40 (which can now be sold if anyone is interested) very quickly in the middle of a very trying day. My tie in to Scott's is toys. Scott's dragon is cute and cuddly and so is my new gear. Rest assured folks, it will be sleeping next to me on it's own pillow. And I'm realizing it's Wednesday. This is not wordless and I am too darn exhausted to change it. Please forgive me. For those of you that know me personally, thanks for your understanding, patience and love. Tuesday, March 8, 2011 Okay, that's done. This picture is a figurine from a series that I used to collect. The crystal held in the tail is my connection. I played a bunch with the depth of field and decided I liked the cystal out of focus best. I hope you enjoy! Thanks again Amanda for joining us! Monday, March 7, 2011 I have been reflecting recently on how I edit and "my style" in photography. I have been noticing darker, more dramatic lighting and feel. Like with my last guest spot here as a good example. I just thought that was a pretty interesting side note. Onto the photo. As I was thinking of how I would link to Brandi's photo, I was thinking about going with the blue, but I saw this photo on my CF card and knew it would be what I share. The connection is toys. You wouldn't think of this castle being a toy, but I would spend hours either using the castles in my imagination play, or trying to physically play with them. So now you have a piece of my past to look at. Sorry it's not a beautiful landscape of San Diego, but I hope to share those on my blog soon! Thanks again! Sunday, March 6, 2011 Maybe you should take a nice, long, hot, bubble bath. Nikon D40 kit lens @ 38mm Shutter speed 1/80 This is one of my daughters bath tub toys. Once upon a time he would spit water like a fountain. The batteries have long since died so my dear sweet child refuses to let him in the tub anymore. I feel kind of bad for the little guy so I gave him some tub time before turning the girl child loose. There isn't anything extravagant about this photos. I will tell you that I intentionally underexposed the shot in camera so that I wouldn't blow the white highlights. I knew I was going to have to brighten things up manually using Photoshop Elements 8. Making decisions on what post processing you're going to do before shooting is always helpful. I took a few at proper exposure in camera and sure enough, the highlights were all blown. Glad, I thought things through before hand. My tie to Jay'me's fantastic gumballs is two fold. One the vibrant colors of Mr. Star. Two, the childlike quality that both photos possess. Enjoy your beautiful Sunday everyone. Our fantastic repeat guest poster Amanda will be charming us with something fantastic tomorrow.
This week I am in Orlando, Florida for the IBM Edge conference. Thursday evening after all the other sessions, we had a Free-for-All, a Q&A panel across all storage topics, moderated by Scott Drummond. The conference officially ends at noon tomorrow, but for many, this is the last session, as people fly out Friday morning. Here are the questions and the panel responses during the session. When will IBM unify their storage management between Mainframe z/OS and the distributed systems platforms? IBM offers a Change and Configuration Management Data Base (CCMDB) for this purpose with appropriate collectors from z/OS and distributed systems, but hasn't sold well. When will IBM devices have RESTful interfaces? Both IBM Systems Director and IBM Tivoli Storage Productivity Center (TPC) offer RESTful APIs. IBM Systems Director can manage z/VM and Linux on System z, as well as Power Systems and x86 based distributed systems. Since October 2008, IBM's Project Zero introduced RESTful interfaces to PHP and Groovy software running on WebSphere sMash environments. We have not heard much about this since 2008. Will IBM TPC support NPIV on Power Systems? TPC 5.1 has toleration support for this, showing the first port connection discovered, but not all connections, and we expect to retrofit this toleration to TPC 4.2.2 Fixpack 2. Hopefully, we will have full support in a future release. We would like TPC for Replication to run on Linux for System z. We do not run z/OS at the disaster recovery site location. Submit an IBM Request for Enhancement [RFE] for this. We have TPC for Replication on z/OS, as well as the distributed systems version that runs on Windows, Linux and AIX. We have enhancements we would like to see for XIV and SONAS also, can we use the RFE process for this also? Yes, submit the requirements for our review. We heard the Statement of Direction that there would be storage integrated into the PureSystems. What exactly does that mean? The PureSystems family of expert-integrated systems is based on a new chassis that has a front part, a midplane, and a back-part. All IBM System Storage products that support x86 and Power Systems can work with PureSystems. However, IBM does not yet offer storage that fits in the front part of the PureFlex chassis, but the Statement of Direction indicates that we intend to offer that option. Until then, the IBM Storwize V7000 is the storage of choice that can be put into the PureSystems rack, but outside the individual chasses. We see some features like Real-Time Compression being put into the SAN Volume Controller (SVC), and other features put into the back-end devices. How are we supposed to make sense of this? IBM's new pilot program, the SmartCloud Virtual Storage Center, to bring these all together. In general, we have design teams of system architects that determine which features go in which products, and prioritize accordingly. We heard the IBM Executives during the opening session indicate that IBM's strategy involves supporting Big Data, but I haven't seen any storage that supports native Hadoop interfaces. Did I miss something? First, I want to emphasize that Big Data is more than just MapReduce workloads. IBM offers Streams and BigInsights software to handle text, as well as Business Intelligence and Data Warehouse solutions for structured data. IBM's General Parallel File System (GPFS) has a Shar Everytime we upgrade our SVC, we review the list for SDDPCM multi-pathing and see that we need to upgrade our back-end DS8000 microcode up to recommended levels. Can we get a list of combinations that work from other customers? The advantage of storage hypervisors like SVC is that we can separate the multi-pathing driver from the back-end managed disk systems. You only need the SDDPCM to support the SVC, not the back-end devices. For the most part, SVC has not dropped support for any level of previously supported OS or multi-pathing software. On SVC, when we migrate volumes (vDisks) from one storage pool to another, we would like to throttle this process during FlashCopy. Yes, we had several requests like this, which is why we now recommend using Volume Mirorring to perform migrations. In fact the GUI wizard uses Volume Mirroring by default when migrations are performed. As for throttling, IBM has implemented "I/O Priority Manager" that offers Quality of Service classes for DS8000 and XIV Gen3, and might consider porting this to other products in our portfolio. Sizing systems is an art. I just need to know if the DS8000 is running hot. Can we have the equivalent of "red lines" for our disk systems similar to automobile engines? Storage Optimizer was added to TPC 4.2 to help in this area, identifying heat-maps for IBM DS8000, DS6000, DS5000, DS4000, SVC and Storwize V7000. We recommend you look at the performance violation reports. How can we evaluate the characteristics of our workloads? Yes, TPC can do this. When we are replacing non-IBM storage with IBM, we don't have good tools to evaluate the non-IBM equipment. What is IBM doing for this? IBM's Disk Magic modeling tool can take inputs from a variety of sources, including iostat from the servers themselves. You can also install a 90-day trial of TPC to help with this. We really like EMC's "Grab" program, does IBM have one also? Yes, IBM has one also. See the [SSIC Discovery Utility]. Updating the Host Attachment Kit (HAK) for AIX is quite painful for the SVC. We prefer the method employed for the XIV. Thanks for the feedback. For SVC, we need to correlate disk with VMware and VIOS. Can we get vSCSI information on VIOS? TPC 5.1 has this support, and we believe it has been retrofitted to TPC 4.2.2 Fixpack 2, coming out this month. Currently, with SVC, when volumes are part of a Global Mirror (GM) session, we need to cancel GM, expand the source volume, expand the target volume, then restart GM. We would like this to be fully automated and non-disruptive. Sounds like a great requirement to submit for the RFE process. Can we get an RSS Feed for the RFE community. Yes, you can subscribe to it. You can also set up "Watch Lists". Thanks to all of the IBM experts on the panel for their participation at this event! technorati tags: IBM, Edge2012, Free-for-All, CCMDB, Project Zero, RESTful, TPC, SVC, RFE, Storwize V7000, PureSystems, PureFlex, SmartCloud, Virtual Storage Center, Big+Data, SONAS, XIV, DS8000, Global Mirror
Dear Abby: My sister, "Jane," and I are both in our mid-50s. Jane has had numerous affairs over after her third divorce, and she was involved in an "intimate relationship" with a terrific man, "Will." Jane broke up with Will, and she's presently engaged to be married to a very nice man. I dated Will several times before he and Jane became involved. We weren't intimate at that time, and we started seeing each other again over the last month. This time we have fallen in love. Jane is upset that Will and I are together, and she says I have "betrayed" her. She is worried about having her former and current lovers present at family gatherings, and our parents are also concerned. Abby, I have always been the "good girl" in the family and bowed under their pressure, but my relationship with Will is more than I could have ever imagined. I don't want to give up my future happiness just to make my sister and my parents more comfortable. My adult children have all met and approve of Will and our relationship, but Jane and my parents won't budge. Any suggestions? -- Wants Will in Walla Walla, Wash. Dear Wants Will: Perhaps it's time to stop being the "good girl," begin acting like a woman who knows what she wants, and confront the double standard in your family. If your sister was "sophisticated" enough to have serial affairs, and your parents have been so worldly that they have turned a blind eye to it, then they should all be adult enough to realize that you are entitled to your happiness too. Although this might make for some awkward first few family gatherings, as grown-ups, everyone should be able to get past it. But if they can't, you are going to have to decide whether you want this man, or to be a people-pleaser for the rest of your life. Dear Abby: I am a 48-year-old woman who lives with her fiance. My mother doesn't like him because she thinks he is not taking care of me in the manner to which she feels I should be taken care of. My fiance is a former felon with nine convictions. He is attending college full time. He has not found a job, but he does odd jobs to help around the house. This is causing a rift between my mom and me. What can I do? -- Caught in the Middle in Michigan Dear Caught in the Middle: Because you did not mention what your fiance has been convicted of, nine times over, it is hard to determine whether he will ever manage to get a job and do more than help you around the house. If that is still all right with you a few years down the road, then who am I to say you should live differently? But please don't blame your mother for wanting you to have, at the very least, an equal partner. Confidential to My Irish Readers: "May the most you wish for be the least you get. "May the best times you've ever had be the worst you will ever see." Happy St. Patrick's Day! Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Write Dear Abby at DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.
Annual Badgeholders · Annual Boxes · Colts & Fillies Club · Heath Pass · Iron Stand Membership · Royal Ascot Racing Club · Royal Enclosure · STAR Card. A guide to the final day of the Royal Ascot Meeting on Saturday 18th June. Saturday features Day Five Racecard - Saturday 24th June. Click on the race. All the latest odds for Saturday's meeting at Ascot with Sun Bets and Templegate's top tips!. Spieler: Royal ascot race card saturday |Casino of ra ceska kubice||La liga log table| |BILLIARDS MATH||Kick the boss spielen| |Royal ascot race card saturday||Best cowboy pc games| |Royal ascot race card saturday||Tipico sportwetten de| |BUG BAD WOLF||After Big Orange stunned odds-on favourite Order of St George in the Gold Cup, we have five more races to wow the crowds at Ascot. He was a winner of a Listed race over there and doesn't carry a penalty. The Queen Alexandra Stakes Odds. All Races at Compiegne. Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to. Along with access to the Queen Athomewithnikki Enclosure, racegoers also have exclusive access to lawns in front of the Winning Post on premier racedays.|
Originally Posted by UnrulyCactus Okay, I'll bite. What makes you the unluckiest guy? Sorry for some of the words i use in this text. They are, trust me, the RIGHT ones to describe everything. Oh.... That story... It's actually more then just a few months... It all started back in 2007... (Story time!) The begging of my adventure in "computer worlds". I got my first computer! This one is my baby FOR LIFE! It's specs are: Pentium 4 3.2 Ghz HT (overclocked to 3.8 with stock voltage) + Asus P4P800 + 2 GB DDR 400 Mhz + 500W power supply Eurotech + 40GB Seagate Barracuda + Nvidia 7600GS 512MB (It had an MX 400, but latter in 2007 before the first victim i bought this new card for him). The computer didn't had a SINGLE PROBLEM for almost 8 years and counting! (it's birthday date is 24 December 2003). So far so good, it run great for several years. Lets get to where i steeped in some really bad luck wave: HP Desktop (Pentium dual Core 2.0 Ghz + 7300 LE + 2 GB ram?) When i first got my second computer, a HP Desktop, i got crazy since i could finally get this Dreamcast emulator running at full speed (God, i was really dumb back that time). It worked fine for 6 months and then, it died. Stupid thing, no overclock and it didn't even last for 6 months. (i bought the second computer in those stores that sell lots of electronic stuff, like computers, machines, DVD's, Films, Games, etc, Big Surfaces? Don't know how to say it in English. Shopping maybe?). Highscreen Desktop (Intel Q6600 @ stock + Biostar something + 4 GB DDR2 800 Mhz + Nvidia 8600GT 512MB + (iup you can laugh) 400W OEM power supply). I was NOT allowed to open my computer case, doing so would void my warranty, thats why i didn't fixed the problem myself. So, since HP didn't answered RMA in time, i got this, and like i said to the vendor "New awesome and super fast computer"! It was a Quad core (i went from a Pentium dual core 2 Ghz to a Q6600 one). Guess what, same day i got the computer, it already came with defect! The front leds didn't worked and the system was all funky. Got it to the store, same day it was repaired. Now lets start the party. 3 months after i bought it (bought it January 2008, the computer died again. It didn't even turn on. At the store they said it was the PSU. 30 Days without the computer, back to my old and faithful Pentium 4 stk 478. 29 Days latter, computer back (since that computer was made by the store, they themselves repaired the computer, so, no "money back or switch to another product, they said). Three +/- 3 weeks later, computer died again (3Âº time, keep counting). This time it was the motherboard. More 30 days without it, and more 30 days with my old guy. Got it back again. It was working. Surprise surprise, it DIED AGAIN 2 months later! This time it was my graphics card. Notice how every single component is dying one by one! More 25 days. I was starting to get really pissed of with this delays and problems with my computer, but o well, i always got my old baby to help me out. I got it back home, inserted a DVD to install Windows Vista x64, TADAH! DVD Drive was dead, it killed my original DVD. Back to store, they replaced it imitatively. So i tough the problem was solved for this year, since the computer kept working fine, and i though the unlucky wave was over... Still the same O Well, February just started, and like spring was slowly arriving. With the end of the winter, comes the birds, the flowers, the BSOD... Wait, what? Thats right! 5Âº Time dead! The computer started to bluescreen from one day to another, and soon it wouldn't be able to even get into windows. Guilty: Memory RAM. 25 Days without the computer (until the beginning of March). My old guy still working just fine, and because i didn't trusted the new one anymore, he was the one that i did all my important works, even with the new one at home. March passed, April, May.. And then we got June. June, where the component you are thinking about died. No it's not the case, it's the hard drive. Luckily all my data was in my old computer (see, i predicted the future!). Guess what? Day 30, i already had my mind set: Get my money back the day after. Unfortunately, they called in the end of the day saying the computer is ready... O well, one can dream... Computer arrived home. I plugged everything in and started to use the computer. Latter that month,i was about to start watching some TV on my computer (it had an TV card). Guess what: TV CARD IS DEAD! For crying out loud, o well, lets get this back to store... one 6Âº time...... again.... Back to my old computer.... I talked to the guys saying that "this can't happen anymore", and "common, i bought this computer like almost 2 years ago, and i don't have even 5 months of normal usage with it to count!". He promised me that it would happen anymore. The card was replaced, got it back home the other day. Right after i got home with the new TV card. The Sound Card (PCI One) didn't work. Seriously !!!! Back to store, more 27 Km.... More 15 Days without it. This time, they replaced the computer completely with new components, only the Case was the same, to see if the problems would go away. Basically i got a new computer. (7Âº Time i took it to the store) September passed, October, Novem.. Hey, stop right there! Thats it, go back to the end of October. You already know it died. But this time this guy didn't just died. It madded my house power down! The computer completely BURNED DOWN, PLUGGED TO AN UPS (that UPS still lives in my old computer)! No storms that day, nothing out of the ordinary. My USB Pen drive turned BLACK (it fried). I saw the sparkles coming out of the frontal USB where my Pen drive was plugged. I was watching a movie, Jesus, i got SO SCARED, my first reaction was grab the Pen drive the fastest as i could and take down the computers power (although my Power Thingy (don't know the name of it in English, is where we cant take down the power down the house, and if it notices a discharge, it just Stops and kills the power in the entire house) had already done that. I went to the store, they where freaked out. Almost every component died. They finally decided that something was wrong with that system specs (OH, REALLY?) and sent it to the "National Product Quality control" for evaluation. November passed. 30 Days passed. 31 Days passed. Oh my god, i could FINALLY ask for my money back! Or not. I went to the store, they said i could get my money back, because the product was sent to the Quality control guys, and because of the there was no "30 days max" law applicable. I even called the manager, but no go. December passed. Home Made computer (Same as my signature except the board was an Asus P7P55D-E Deluxe and the CPU a i5 750) We got to January. Not a single word from the store. I went there, my computer was still not in sight. I thought the quality guys had lost it . Almost in the end of January, after a really long time arguing with the store, the computer FINALLY arrived. They said it was packed, and that this time they wouldn't unpack it and give it to me without me there. They wanted me to see it running to in the store in front of my eyes. Ok, lets do this. I arrived to the store. In the balcony of the test / repair area there it was, my tower all wrapped up in this white sponge. The technician, in the presence of the Manager of the store, started to unwrap it. He started taking the sponge from the back, and as soon as we see the computers case: OOOHH MYYYYYYY GOD. The computer was TEARED APART! The case was all broken up, full of dints, white paint marks all over, the computer was like if it felt down the truck! The store manager put his hands in the head, the technician turned white, my sister got freaked out and i.. I laughed. Seriously, i laughed. This time i was like "Now i want to see how they are going to solve this out now", since i wasn't going out of there without my computer or money back. Buying another one in that store was OUT of the equation. After 4 hours there, i finally got my 1200 euros back. I said to myself: Time to make myself a computer. After a few weeks selecting the components, i finally bought it. I was thrilled and enchanted with it, it was SO MUCH FASTER then the other one. A few weeks later, i noticed something. My Seagate 1.5 TB had bad sectors. Here it goes again i thought. Hopefully, that was all by that year, got myself a WD 2 TB replacement and done. (my i5 750 and later the one in my signature computer) Hell yeah! 1 year without a single problem! It was overclocked to 4 Ghz since the day it arrived, it was rock solid, no problems at all. It was my dreams computer. We where in the beginning of May. I was watching some CSI Miami Episode. It was raining, my computer is plugged to a UPS and the UPS to a resistance to enhance protection. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a thunder, right above my house strikes. I jumped from my chair, the sound was so loud. My speakers sub woofer gave a "POP" like sound, really loud, it scared the sh** out of me. Since, even with an UPS i turn my computer off and unplug it, i hit the shutdown button right the way. After a few seconds (3 ~ 5), i noticed: the computer was already down. When i turned it on again, i tough "puff, close". Well, i was going to keep watching the episode. Opened it up and all, and then, no sound. "What the hell?" thought i. Checked my 5.1 system, it was working with my cellphone just fine (my on-board sound card was being detected by windows). Then i was thinking to go to the internet to see if it was the driver. No Internet. My modem burned down, and since the phone line wasn't plugged in the UPS (and the lightning stroked on the Telephones lines), it burned down the modem, and by the Ethernet cable, part of my board. One of my two Ethernet ports didn't work, as so didn't my sound card. Sent it back to RMA, since it wasn't black or smelling like it fried. One month later, the store called me asking if i wanted another product or my money back since Asus was late delivering the board. For the first time i didn't want another product, or my money back. Just the board back. I waited three more weeks. Searched every single store for my board, no one had it on stock. Only those low end models. Well, i talked to the store, and well, got myself a new computer. A Sandy Bridge one. P8P67 Deluxe + i7 2600K, it arrived in the begging of June this year. God, i was completely with the overclocking capability of this chip. I used it at 4.6 Ghz, and some days before the disaster, at 4.8 Ghz. Day 29 July, one day before my birthday. I decided to re-seat my NH D14 because i was getting to 80 ÂºC on IBT (Prime would pass 73. My room temperature was 32 ~ 33 ÂºC.). Oh from all the worst things that could happen, the WORST OF THEM ALL happened! I bent without noticing 2 pins in my board! Buy Buy warranty i tough! Stupid me! Why did i touched the computer?! I was so mad that day. Called the store i bought the motherboard from, and for my surprise they said they could help, for me not to worry. They said that, if there is only 2 slightly bent pins in the board, they could try to fix them and sent the board to asus to get a new one. This of course wouldn't take more then 1 month. One year i didn't almost used my old computer. That computer just LOVES to be in here in the main secretary with my two screens (and runs fast like a champ! But games, don't even think about it, only on low or medium settings) (i think he is the one that is putting some sort of spell or something like that to kill all my new computers, so he can get all the attention to him LOL!) Well, one month passed. Since i screwed up, i was not thinking about asking the store for a replacement, since they where kind enough to send the board to Asus, even tough it was my fault. A few days latter, in 27th day September, i was already kissing goodbye to that board, because the repair (in case asus didn't accepted to change the board for a new one) would be around 80 euros, and my fully brand new 3 year warranty would be reduced to some insignificant 3 months. I started looking for boards to buy. That day, precisely two days away from buying the new one, the store guy called. He had already sent my board, it would arrive the next day. Â« My face! I thanked him so much! That store is now my #1 place to make my buys, just because they helped me out when i was already "traumatized" so much with RMA's and stores and everything because of that stupid store i bought the desktop (i named it that way for obvious reasons) Got it back, placed the thermal paste in another way, and at the same room temperature, temps go as high as 73 on IBT. It's up and running until now like a champ. Well, sort of. I can't get the 4.8 Ghz stable, the system will randomly shutdown (i created a thread about it in the Intel CPU's area, hopping for some fix to this problem). By now i'm rock solid stable at some amazing 4.6 Ghz. Stay tunned for more "Adventures of "Me" @ the computer world". EDIT: WOOW Thanks all for the big welcome EDIT2: Now, grammar a little bit fixed, along with some orthographic errors and removed the swearing that was missed in the edition by the moderator. Sorry again Bitemarks, thank you for being tolerant by not giving me any warning this first and last time
These beads are great for: *4mm Resin Spacer Beads *Set of 50 We try our hardest to take photos in the best light possible. Therefore, colors may slightly vary due to camera/device settings and monitor resolutions. If you have any questions about this product, or any we have listed in this shop, please send us a message. Returns will only be accepted if the item is damaged or not as described. The buyer has 10 business days (not including weekends or holidays) to initiate the need to return an item for a refund. To do so, please send a message stating your request and the reason. Once that request has been submitted, the buyer will have 7 business days to return the item for a refund. When the item has been returned to us, please allow 3-5 business days to receive your credit. After 10 business days, there will be NO RETURNS or REFUNDS! NO EXCEPTIONS! Buyer is responsible for return shipping fees. Products are shipped via USPS First Class Mail with Delivery Confirmation. Customer Service is important to us. If you have a question, comment, or problem with any of the products listed or purchased, please send us a message! We appreciate your business! Thank you for looking!
Monday, September 9, 2013 ratings — Premieres: The Million Second Quiz. New episodes: Mistresses, Breaking Pointe, American Ninja Warrior, Under the Dome, and Siberia. Sports or specials: US Open Tennis: Men’s Final: Nadal vs. Djokovic. Reruns: Shark Tank, How I Met Your Mother, Hart of Dixie, Raising Hope, New Girl, The Mindy Project, Two and a Half Men, 2 Broke Girls, The Big Bang Theory, and Castle. These are the fast affiliate ratings. The percentages represent the change since the previous original episode. (Percentages aren’t given for reruns or specials.) To see past ratings for a particular show, click the show’s link. The show pages are updated with the daily final ratings when they become available. Those pages include season averages to date. What were you watching last night? Original network episodes, reruns, cable, or something else?
The Riverside Art Museum has an interesting history starting with the building where it is located. It was designed by Julia Morgan in 1929 as one of eighteen YWCA she designed across the United States. She was born in San Francisco in 1872 and went on to become one of the leading architects of her generation. The building in Riverside was a YWCA from 1929 to 1966. It has worked out perfectly as an art museum with Atrium, spacious lobby complete with fire place and two floors for exhibits. We spent some time in the room displaying works of Sculptor Lois Sloan. Also a gallery showing art works entitled "California Dreaming", a collection of international paintings on loan from the Oceanside Art Museum. Among the Museum's many activities there are youth and teen art classes and work shops. The Riverside Art Museum is located at 3425 Mission Inn Avenue in Riverside and open Tuesday through Sunday. General admission is $5 for adults, $3 for seniors, military families free. For more information call 951 684-7111, on the web at www.riversideartmuseum.org.
Young • Male • Large Cade is a handsome young fellow ready for an adventure. He is about 10 months old and 65lbs. Cade is a tall strong boy and is working hard on his manners. He is friendly, playful and eager to please! Cade is a real lover and will be very loyal to his family. ~Adoption donation $250. All vetting is up to date. Microchipped and neutered. Also on flea/tick and heartworm preventative. Visit www.ruffloverescue.com/adopt to make this pup a member of your family
The Earliest Examples Of Cargo Cults A cargo cult is a religious movement usually practiced in remote island nations where believers link prosperity with the return of a savior. The history of cargo cults is traced to the late 19th century and early 20th century in the period when remote islands in the world's oceans were explored by European explorers. The earliest form of cargo cultism was observed during the Fijian Tuka movement of 1885 during British exploitative plantation colonialism of the islands. The Tuka Movement revolved around a local leader in Fiji known as Tuka who had experienced the harsh conditions brought by the British colonialists which caused widespread reminiscent of ancestral efficacy. Tuka taught his followers that for the island to regain its lost cultural glory, the residents of the island needed to return to their traditional beliefs and practices. Tuka was subsequently arrested and exiled by the British authorities who saw him as a rebel. Cargo Cultism In Melanesia The best studied and most famous example of cargo cultism occurred in Melanesia during the Second World War. Melanesia is the Pacific region which encompasses several islands including the Solomon Islands, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, and Vanuatu. During the Second World War, Japanese and Allied Forces engaged in the Pacific theater of war and set up bases in several islands in Melanesia. While the war continued, the forces received fresh supplies which were airdropped from military planes. The native population of these islands experienced a huge cultural shock since most of them had no prior contact with the outside world. The native Melanesians were astonished by the advanced technology possessed by their new visitors who often shared weapons, food, and clothing with them. The locals who had observed the forces conducting military drills and parades thought the activities were religious rituals which resulted in the arrival of the cargo. After the war had ended and the forces withdrew from the islands, the locals were left wondering where they would obtain the power to “summon” the cargo from the sky and began creating replicas of the military equipment used by the forces. A cargo cult formed which believed that a Western figure known as John Frum would be their savior who would return with the cargo. The cargo cult revolving around John Frum still exists to date despite numerous efforts from the US Navy to explain the source of the cargo. According to believers of the cult, John Frum was a white man from the US armed forces who appeared to Melanesian elders in the 1930s. Other Examples Of Cargo Cults Since the late 19th century, many forms of cargo cults have come up in many remote locations. Some of the few which still exist include the Prince Phillip Movement in Tanna Island where believers worship the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Phillip. Another cargo cult is the Turaga movement which is practiced by natives of the Pentecost Island, Vanuatu. The Tom Navy Movement is another cargo cult practiced on Tanna Island and is believed to be based on a Mississippi-born serviceman, Tom Beatty. Cargo Cults And ChristianityThe advent of cargo cultism has brought a controversial explanation of the origin of Christianity. Soon after the Second World War, The US Navy embarked on a mission to convince believers of cargo cults to drop their beliefs. However, the natives were adamant in their beliefs comparing their beliefs to Christians who have been waiting for the coming of Christ for more than 2,000 years. This statement has been cited by several scholars when arguing on the origin of Christianity.
I haven't been doing my morning pages, but I did get my two favorite fountain pens washed and filled. It's a start. And all the time I spent downsizing? Now I'm on a silver tray buying spree. Do I need these trays? Uh, duh - that would be no. Sigh... A new bread tray and I'm not even supposed to be eating bread. What's up with that? But, but - it was such a good deal!! The detail is lovely. Maybe I can put plastic wrap on the bottom and use it for cauliflower or broccoli (except crusty three cheese semolina bread would look waaaaaaaay better!)
Friday, February 19, 2010 Friday's Freebee: A Passionately Purple Perennial Garden Well-deserved, I suppose, given my catty behavior with Wednesday's blog post. Apparently, no bad deed goes unpunished. They are not huge mysteries, by any means... And, the beginning of something I'd dearly love to do all year long. Let's call it Friday's Freebee. So, have at it! Please leave me a comment, identify these flowers and I'll ship a packet of goodies to you in plenty of time for planting.
How do printables work? Once I order a printable design, then what happens? Once you place your order and payment has been received, your product(s) will be customized based on the information provided. Once finished, a link where you can access your digital printable file will be sent to your email. Once downloaded, you can open the file in Adobe Acrobat (free download at www.adobe.com) and print at home or bring it to a local print shop for printing. We include instructions to help assist you with your printables. Can you print my order? Please Contact Us if you are interested in print-and-assemble services for any of our printables. What is the turnaround time for customized printables? Our standard turnaround time for emailed printable designs is within 3 (three) business days. If you need the products more quickly, please Contact Us or send an email to firstname.lastname@example.org with more information regarding your requirements. Can I type in my text or edit the designs once I receive them? Many of our printable products will be customized before you receive them. In addition, the printable products denoted by a ^ symbol can easily be customized by you: Adobe Reader will also allow you to personalize these items by editing the text in the provided input boxes. Please note: the placement of text and the font style, size and color can NOT be changed. Do you take custom design orders? Yes- we love working on custom projects! Please reach out with more details regarding the type of design/ event and we can discuss options. Please either submit the form on the Custom Designs page, or send an email to email@example.com.
Author: Kelly Price In this article I am going to outline some simple steps which can help you to become a Forex trader in just two weeks. After this period you will be all set to start trading for big Forex profits. My idea for writing this article came from the story of "the turtles". This group where taught by trading legend Richard Dennis, to trade in just 2 weeks and none of them had ever traded before. They then went on to make hundreds of millions of dollars and went down in history as trading legends. They learned to trade quickly and the first point to keep in mind about Forex trading is - you don't need to work hard, you need to work smart. You need to get the right Forex education, avoid the myths and keep your trading system simple. In Forex trading, you don't get rewarded for effort, just for the accuracy of your trades. The next point to keep in mind is to keep your Forex trading strategy very simple; all the best systems are simple and if you make a system to complicated, it will break. So what type of system should you use? A great methodology to use is a long term trend following system, based on breakout methodology. The turtles used one and its an excellent choice, so make sure you make learning about breakouts part of your essential Forex education. Your system should only consist of a few rules and parameters and your all set. Sounds easy so far doesn't it? Well let's now look at the hard part of Forex trading and why 95% of traders lose. The real key to success in Forex trading is not learning a logical method' anyone can do that but getting the right mindset to succeed. This is something most traders simply cannot do but you must pay very careful attention to because if you want to win long term at Forex trading, you need to be able to apply your system with discipline. At some point you are going to hit a losing streak and you are going to have to keep trading your with discipline as the market gives you a string of losses. In these periods (and they can last for weeks) you are going to have to keep trading with discipline, as the market makes you look a fool and your emotions try and put you off course. Discipline is the key hurdle to overcome on your road to currency trading success but you can do it if you know what your doing and understand, losing short term is the key to winning long term. You can trade Forex and you can win if you want to and you might not make as much money as the turtles who we referred to earlier but the opportunity is there for anyone to learn Forex quickly and make a great second or life changing income.About the Author: NEW! 2 X FREE ESSENTIAL TRADER PDFS ESSENTIAL FOREX TRADING COURSE For free 2 x trading Pdf's, with 50 of pages of essential Forex info and more on how to Become a Forex Trader visit our website at: http://www.learncurrencytradingonline.com Article Source: http://www.articlesbase.com/currency-trading-articles/become-a-forex-trader-in-2-weeks-and-enjoy-forex-trading-success-850271.html
Jason Williams earned his nickname, "White Chocolate," for bringing a flair to the game that was reminiscent of streetball, with highlight-reel passes and high-difficulty maneuvers. No play encompassed his playing style better than his nearly impossible elbow pass during the Rookie Challenge at All-Star Weekend 2000. J-Will showed a flash of his former self in a Legends Tour exhibition game in China when he busted out his famous elbow pass 13 years later, but this time the play was actually finished. Now 37, the University of Florida product was last seen in the league with the Memphis Grizzlies, when he appeared in 11 games during the 2010-11 season. Good to see White Chocolate still knows how to make a crowd go wild.
*(Los Angeles) On Saturday, June 24th, 2017, at 6:00 pm, Educating Young Minds will hold its 19th Annual Awards Celebration with guest speaker, Vice President of the Los Angeles Unified School District Board of Education, Dr. George J. McKenna III, along with community leaders, EYM graduating high school seniors and alumni. The Celebration taking place at a private estate in Los Angeles, California will be an empowering and inspirational evening of entertainment and inspiration hosted by radio personality, Kevin Nash and a performance by the talented singer Abraham McDonald and surprised guests. This year’s Awards Gala will be produced and directed by Mr. Bruce Cecil. Dr. George McKenna, has received over 400 citations and awards in recognition for his work. He has earned his bachelor’s degree in mathematics from Xavier University, his master’s degree in mathematics from Loyola University and his doctoral degree in education from Xavier University. Dr. McKenna’s reforms at George Washington Preparatory High School have been copied nationwide and the story of Dr. McKenna’s turnaround of Washington Prep was made into a movie called The George McKenna Story, which starred Denzel Washington playing the role of George McKenna. Learn more about the upcoming Educating Young Minds event at EURThisNthat.
CASSEROLE CARRY-ON PATTERN ~ Be the hit of the potluck supper! Put a 9" x 13" or 8" or 9" square dish in this insulated carrier with wooden-spoon handles. Pattern includes directions for the carrier and a potholder. LOVE the idea of using the wooden spoons for the 'handle', as you would need something to serve with, right? GENIUS!
Sarah's Silks Silk Fairy Mobile Kit Make 6 silk fairies in rainbow colors to hang from our silk covered hoop! The fairies are made of 100% 8mm (heavy weight) silk squares and stuffed with pure wool. Tie and suspend with gold thread from either our round hoop or a stick of your choice. Hang over a crib, bed or in a window. A fun project for kids 6 and up. Older siblings can make one for a new baby on the way! Makes a lovely new baby gift. - (6) 8" silk squares in 6 rainbow colors - wool stuffing - gold thread - 6" wooden hoop - turquoise silk wrap for the hoop - silk moon accent - lime ribbon Not included: Sewing needle
I really feel like today's topic is going to reach some people. I think some of you guys really need it. It's something I needed to learn, hear, and write about. God is not us. SHOCKER, right? LOL See, we are just human beings. Because we are limited in time and space, it's very hard to believe that God is any different. It's also very hard to believe that He wants a close relationship with us. But He does. Here are a few ways to prove how God is different: 1. He doesn't think like we do. Isaiah 55:8, "For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways," declares the Lord. 2. He doesn't look at people like we do. 1 Samuel 16: 7, "But the LORD said to Samuel, "Do not consider his appearance or his height , for I have rejected him. The LORD does not look at the things people look at. People look at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart." (This wasn't God being mean. He merely was not choosing this dude for King based on how he looked. 3. God wants us to trust Him enough to wait on Him and His plans to come about. Remember, Jeremiah 29:11 tells us He has a plan for us. Well, sometimes that plan means we have to wait. Psalm 27:14, "Wait for the Lord; be strong and let your heart take courage and wait for the Lord." Ecclesiastes 3:1, "For everything there is a season, and a time for every matter under heaven." Proverbs 3: 5 &6, "Trust in the Lord with all your heart, lean not on your own understanding, in your ways acknowledge Him and He will keep your paths straight." Ecclesiastes 3:11, "He has made everything beautiful in its time. Also, He has put eternity into every man's heart, yet so that He can not find out what God has done from the beginning to the end." When things don't go our way, we tend to try to make it happen. That's the last thing we need to do. I am speaking from my heart here. I have done it! God has a timing that is unlike our's. We do not know the future and plans He has, but He does. Trust Him. Know that He has your best interests at heart. He loves us so much! There is that one Scripture, were Jesus is talking about parents and how they give the best to their children, God is the same way. Matthew 7:11 says, "If you then, though you were evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give good gifts to those who ask Him." This tells me that God does give good gifts... but they come in His timing. If you are praying about something and haven't heard an answer, that doesn't mean NO. It might just mean "NOT RIGHT NOW". Don't give up! If you have a peace about something, or He has promised something to you... stick with it. He keeps His promises too. I'm not sure who is struggling with this that needs to read it. I can think of a few people. I hope this helps you some. If you need me to pray for you, I will! Just ask!
As some of you may recall, last year I put together a book featuring a collection of images from my first trip to Iceland. It was amazing seeing it in physical form, all those images brought to life on paper. However, I knew I wanted to make some changes to it if I ever printed it again — a chance to organize some of the images and pairings differently. Since then, I’ve been lucky enough to visit Iceland two more times (once in October, and again just last month), and now — in collaboration with Blurb — I’ve had the chance to create a version of the book that truly represents my time spent in one of my favorite places. I’m SO excited for you to see it for yourselves, but first I’d like to share my process and what I learned through creating, revising, and finally selling a book, and to hear from any of you who have made a book yourself, or want to make one. Revising the book As this was the first time I’ve ever revisited a book design (with the book itself being my first book, so a lot of firsts here), I started by looking through the original book and marking the images I wanted to remove and replace. Even though I was happy with those original images, they were all from a single trip and I knew I wanted to include the other two visits. Once my cuts were complete, I made a copy of the InDesign files for my original book — the templates were originally created using Blurb’s InDesign plugin, which also made it easy to setup a new book and link the updated files this time around — removed those images from the layout so I could see the empty spaces and get a better look at the images and spreads I had left. At that point, it was clear some of the images could be moved around, so I did a little reorganizing while still leaving blank spaces so I knew where I wanted to add new images. Selecting the new images was pretty similar to how I did it the first time, except this time I didn’t print them all out first (I think I’ll definitely do that with the next book I design, however — it makes it so much easier to understand how all the pieces fit together!). Once I had my selects ready, I exported the images from Lightroom and started placing them in the empty pages within the InDesign file. After a little further reorganizing, and swapping a few of the large, two-page spreads around, I was happy with the new images and how it flowed. I didn't change the size, paper, or format of the large photo book (11x13) — I loved the way it felt the very first time I held my original copy. However, I did create a smaller, second book this time around: The same images, same feelings, but in a mini format. The big book is amazing, and looks great on any coffee table, but it’s more pricey — the smaller version allows me to get the same quality of book into more hands, at a more approachable price point. SELLING THE BOOK When Blurb approached me about this project, I was thrilled because for a long time I had requests from friends and family to be able to buy the book I had made. After researching my options, it was an easy decision to sell directly on the Blurb Bookstore. It was seamless, as not only are they the production company, but also the sales and fulfillment platform, so there are fewer variables to deal with. I knew I could trust Blurb to oversee the entire process from printing to getting it into your hands. Blurb also allows me to sell the book on Amazon if I want — something I’ll definitely consider in the future, but at least for now, the Blurb Bookstore is the easiest option (and allows me to offer a discount! Read until the end to find out how to get it :) I'll be honest, the process of making and revising the book wasn't an easy one — mostly because of my indecisiveness selecting the images ;) Thankfully, creating the book layout itself (using Blurb’s InDesign plugin) was pretty straightforward, and only required learning a bit about InDesign (which I had to become familiar with when I designed the first version of the book last year). Now that I’ve done this a few times over, I really have no excuse for not creating books more often, for myself, family, friends, and occasionally, all of you. Seeing all these images in physical form still gives me butterflies. Tips for creating your own book: - It’s ok to ask for help, whether with writing or selecting your photos. It’s easy to get too attached to certain images, and it helps having a trusted second opinion to make sure you’re not holding onto something that would be better off cut from the book. - Look at photo books you love, whether on your shelf or at the bookstore. See how they display images and text, and how the books are structured, and use that as inspiration for your own design. - When shooting, photograph the big picture, but also the details. It helps round out your story and gives your viewer a chance to feel and see what you saw. The texture of the rocks beneath your feet, the details of the petals of the flowers in the sweeping field, it all helps support your storyline. Have you self-published before? This book project was a personal one, but I’d love to hear if you are interested in more books or prints from me in the future. if you have any questions about my process with Blurb or just putting a book together, comment below… and if you’ve made one, send me a link, I’d love to see it! FINALLY, THE BOOK (AND A DISCOUNT!) This was one of my favorite projects this year, and I’m so excited to share it with you. You can get your hands on a copy right away: it’s available in two sizes — 13x11” and 7x7” — I hope you enjoy it! Use the code VICTORIAWRIGHT to get 20% off when you buy either size (bonus: you can add as many books from Blurb’s store to your order as you want, and the discount still applies! It will only work once per-person, however :) Fine print: Get 20% off your order total. You can use this promotion 1 time. Offer valid between 2017-06-01 and 2017-09-01. Promotion valid for all books in the bookstore.
When the now-embattled Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced, shortly after his 2011 election, his plan to create an infrastructure trust, the idea sounded pretty good — at first. When the details came out — that the trust would be a private, opaque financing platform separate enough from government to not be beholden to public inquiry or FOIA requests — many privatization-weary Chicagoans braced for the worst. And why not? It turns out that so many Wall Street style “innovations” in real estate and infrastructure finance (the Chicago-style TIF comes to mind) do less to address civic need than they do to provide unaccountable disbursements to developers of already-desirable city land. At the time, Bill Clinton characterized the idea as an “infrastructure bank”. But banks have one typical advantage that the Chicago Infrastructure Trust doesn’t: capital to allocate. As it turns out, far from a bank, the Trust is little more than a lightly-staffed financial innovation laboratory headed by a private equity guy. This is the lesson in a recent Crain’s Chicago Business piece, confusingly titled “Emanuel’s Infrastructure Trust Looks To Help Commercial Landlords“. I say the piece is confusingly titled because it appears the “help” landlords can look forward to consists mainly of a tax hike: Yet Mr. Beitler manages to keep expectations high by touting a $1.5 billion pipeline of potential deals, including a voluntary property tax assessment of commercial properties to pay for energy-related improvements. The trust is evaluating a dozen proposals totaling about $1 billion from 15 firms for the Property Assessed Clean Energy program, although not all those Pace bids will be accepted, he adds. The trust’s slow progress is the result of several factors, including the novelty of a middleman trying to bring together City Hall and investment firms. Despite its hype, the trust is a small venture, financed with an estimated $1.5 million in city funds over its first two years (see the PDF). And the deals are difficult to do, with Mr. Beitler discarding more than a dozen proposals. While the cash-strapped city’s need for “transformative” improvements in transportation and other infrastructure has not gone away, the trust has suffered from overly ambitious predictions. “When the trust was set up there were certainly some high expectations set up for it,” says Peter Skosey, an expert on infrastructure finance and executive vice president of the Chicago-based Metropolitan Planning Council, where the trust’s board holds its meetings. “Many of those expectations weren’t warranted.” So it’s an infrastructure trust, if you consider swimming pools infrastructure. It’s an aid to commercial landlords – if those landlords aren’t paying enough taxes. It’s a bank – but it has no money to lend. And it’s somehow a boon to the public – as long as the private equity deals are complicated enough and profitable for a very few.
Need a rainy day fund? Or a place to save for a future capital expense? For the best security, support and service, save with us. - $50 minimum to open - $9.95 monthly maintenance fee if average monthly balance falls below $2,500 - Full price for printed checks, deposit slips, endorsement stamps, etc. - Internet bill pay available - Monthly paper statement $3.95 per month, or free e-Statements - Limited check writing; 6 withdrawals/transfers/debits per month - $9.95 excessive withdrawal/transfer/debit fee per item over 6 - $1000 Bounce Protection - Interest rate determined by daily collected balance and accrued and paid on balances in each tier: - $250,000 & above - $50 Minimum to open - $3.95 Maintenance Fee if average balance falls below $100 - $1.95 fee in excess of 6 withdrawals per month - Interest earned on daily collected balances of $100 & above - Free ATM Card - Quarterly statement *Read more about our Bounce Protection Disclosures.
pwrnradio.com » Positive Impact Magazine Radio About This Show Radio For The Intelligent Optimist. Most Recent Episode Positive Impact Magazine Radio # 8: Jill Kelly, her story, her book and Hunter’s Hope Foundation Jun 2 11 Jill Kelly will speak about her son, Hunter and the foundation they began in his name, Hunter’s Hope Foundation. She will tell her touching and inspirational story. VISIT JILL KELLY'S WEBSITE
Just finished Tim Jackson's Inside Intel: Andy Grove and the Rise of the World's Most Powerful Chip Company and can't help but feel that this was a hatchet job on Intel. I enjoyed it and found it an easy read but it did not tell me how Intel became so successful. The stories/dirt that Jackson discusses seems to to contradict Intel's success, i.e. how could Intel have become so successful by behaving so badly? In other words, Intel succeeded despite Andy Grove. Not quite what I expected. I was actually also interested in the chapters on Penang - one on theft of chips and another about a fire in a plant that he claims was caused by unauthorized changes to equipment. This latter almost makes the charge that Intel participated in insurance fraud by burying the evidence that the plant made these changes. Roy Smith's Global Bankers was written during the ascent of Japanese banking and in retrospect seems dated. I found it rather dry - the only highlights being personal experiences that he relates. The cautionary tale here seems to be that when an observer is in the midst of a seeming revoluation (in this case Japanese banks are about to take over the world) it is hard to be objective. Where are the Japanese banks now? They fell prey to a real estate bubble that is not too different than one currently experienced by the US financial system.
Christina Aguilera hasn't dropped a proper album since 2012, but today she delivered a new song called "Telepathy," which she dedicated to the victims of the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. Australian pop star Sia wrote "Telepathy"; joining Aguilera on the track is the historically great bass player and record producer Nile Rodgers, who recently produced Daft Punk's mega-hit "Get Lucky." Unsurprisingly, "Telepathy" is very much in that disco mode. easy to listen to, easy to dance to, a disco ball, shimmering, illuminating a room of lovers & friends who came here to forget about their troubles. Disco lives!! You know how to read my mind I’m lost and it’s you I find Rush into my side You hold me tight
By Patrick Munn | October 7, 2016 - 5:35 pm | No Comments Ahead of the premiere of Trump Vs Clinton: The Choice 2016 on PBS America this Sunday, TVWise caught up with writer and director Michael Kirk on his recent trip to London to discuss the ins and outs of the movie, the unique challenge posed by covering two candidates with such high unfavourable ratings, how he tackled the much discussed issue of false equivalence and what surprised him about both presidential candidates. By Patrick Munn | September 20, 2016 - 4:46 pm | No Comments PBS America has unveiled their coverage plans for the 2016 US presidential election, which, after a grueling almost two-year campaign, takes place on Tuesday November 8th. The cornerstone of said plans is The Choice, a feature-length interwoven investigative biography of both presidential candidates, which will premiere on October 9th. By Patrick Munn | October 20, 2015 - 4:16 pm | No Comments PBS America has picked up the UK broadcast rights to Oscar nominated feature-length Vietnam war documentary Last Days In Vietnam, TVWise has learned. the documentary will premiere on PBS America on Sunday November 1st at 8pm. By Patrick Munn | October 9, 2015 - 10:47 am | No Comments Time Team America is returning to the UK. PBS America has picked up the UK broadcast right to the four episode second season of the U.S. series based on Channel 4's hit archaeological format fronted by Tony Robinson. The second season of Time Team America will receive its UK premiere on PBS America on Tuesday November 10th at 6:35pm and will continue to air daily in the same time-slot. By Patrick Munn | July 14, 2015 - 10:16 am | No Comments PBS America has picked up the UK rights to Secrets, Politics & Torture - Frontline's hour-long documentary on the CIA controversial program of using "enhanced interrogation techniques" on high value targets in the War on Terror, as well as the ensuing investigation and report from the US Senate Select Committee On Intelligence. By Patrick Munn | February 18, 2015 - 2:01 pm | No Comments PBS America has acquired the UK rights to Gunned Down: The Power Of The NRA, a one-hour documentary which was originally produced for PBS in the United States as part of their current affairs strand Frontline. Gunned Down will premiere on PBS America on Thursday March 19th at 9pm.
Stayed in the hotel on a business trip. Rooms are spacious and very comfortable. Good Things about the stay/hotel: - Spacious rooms - Spacious & clean bathrooms with bathtubs - Breakfast buffet is good - Courteous/helpful staff. Fast check in/check out - Nice location, close to the main road and shopping mall (Gaur Central mall - 2 min walk) - Free Wifi / I got speed of upto 5 Mbps Not so Good Things - Have stayed here almost 4 times and each time there was a wedding party/birthday party in the hotel - Though these parties are not so noisy but might disturb you if you are a light sleeper - Rooms are NOT sound proof. If your room is road facing you 'll keep hearing vehicle noises all through the night. Also voices from adjacent rooms are audible - Towels are not so clean. I have had to ask for clean towels all the time - distance from delhi airport - 1 hr 40 min drive (Non Peak hrs) 2.30 Hrs (peak Hours) Overall its a good hotel providing a comfortable stay. - Official Description (provided by the hotel): - Apple Tree by Magirics, situated in the hub of the Raj Nagar city centre. Apple Tree by Magirics offers you the state of the art accommodation with an array of suitably categorised 61 rooms with exclusively designed & tastefully done interiors with all modern amenities keeping into consideration the needs of the travelers of today. ... more less - Reservation Options: - TripAdvisor is proud to partner with Booking.com, TripOnline SA and Cancelon so you can book your Apple Tree by Magirics reservations with confidence. We help millions of travellers each month to find the perfect hotel for both holiday and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.
breakfast dishes, Downton Abbey entertaining, Downton Abbey Food, Downton Abbey Party Food, Downton Abbey recipes, Downton Abbey Season 6, Downton Abbey viewing party, Edwardian cooking, finnan haddie, Healthy Cooking, Omelette, Omelette Arnold Bennett, recipes, what is a wedding breakfast Well, the final episode aired last night and what a way to end the series. Yes, there are no more episodes of Downton Abbey. The Carnavrons have reclaimed Highclere Castle from film crews, and the production sets used for the downstairs scenes have been packed away. We must be resolved to gracefully let these beloved characters live out their lives without us watching. This will be my final recipe to share as my love letter to the Downton kitchen staff and to those fans who love the food on the show. We first met the Crawley family over breakfast as they learn about the sinking of the Titanic; Mrs. Patmore’s dish that morning was kedgeree, so I thought it fitting to return to the beginning to feature another breakfast fish dish. The recipe is Omelette Arnold Bennett, invented at the famous Savoy which uses finnan haddie, smoked haddock. It is a fabulous morning after dish to soothe the broken heart of any Downton Abbey fan. Don’t despair, I have share 100s of recipes so you can easily find them through the Recipe Index. And I will still be active on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
|Photo by, Jessy Kigen| Lets make this more interesting, Am a great follower of a street photographer Eric Kim simply because he is so precise on his photographs and his articles are Amazing. Today i want to talk more on how to make your street photography interesting even when you are bored. "One of the most exciting ways to live life is to avoid boredom. By following what makes us curious, passionate, and have fun create meaning in our life. one of the great ways to guide our work in street photography is to avoid boredom." Eric Kim Tips to make Street photography interesting.In street photography, i always make sure that i listen to my self, By making street photography interesting we should avoid boredom at all cost. we need to be Passionate. for a street street photographer is really hard to avoid boredom and make it interesting when one is not passionate. There are days where we get mishaps. There are days we feel Gloomy and we just want to stay indoor lazily. or maybe walk all day on the street and not find anything to shoot. Through my Guide, we should try avoid boredom and make street photography interesting,i think its important to switch things up. check this few points: 1.Shoot in Different Areas As a street photographer you should not shoot in the same old place every time at your exploration. try to find different location, streets and interesting scenes. you don't need to travel all the way to Paris,china or Germany to shoot or get lovely scenes. Start with your own street at your home town, find a strategic place that looks busy and interesting, exhaust the place then move to the other street. If you have a car much better, yo can drive to the next town and explore more just to make you street photography interesting and not bored. Avoid boredom at any cost, if you are brave enough yo can take a bus and get off at random stop then start shooting. As humans, we love to explore. We love serendipity, and discovering new places (think about all the guys who sailed around the world in search of new lands). Be a “street photography explorer”...Jessy Kigen 2.Experiment on your skills when shooting and it makes you feel bored, find something more interesting try switch up things.Most important is lens, try use different lenses when shooting. if you dont want to get close to the subject try a long range shots by using zoom lens.If yo are used to zoom lens try switch it to a prime lens, more wider angle. Most of the time we feel bored shooting with digital, if thats the case switch up to film.. make your photography interesting If you are bored shooting like Henri Cartier Bresson (looking for an interesting background and waiting for someone interesting to walk into the scene), switch it up by trying to shoot more aggressively like Bruce Gilden (more head-on). Eric Kim 3.shoot in different Time Zone. You want to make your street photography interesting try use different time zone, if yo are used to day time try late night shoot. try to shoot the lighting on the streets near you,trust me you will love the street at night. Life is short. When it comes to your street photography, follow your curiosity and what makes you happy and excited. Make your photography interesting. Am out........#slickphoto#streetphotography#B&W...My story there life's ....Article by Jessy Kigen.
Meet the world’s richest woman. She comes from the land down under… Bill Gates lost the “world’s richest man” crown to Carlos Slim, the Mexican businessman. Now, according to Australia’s BRW magazine, Gina Rinehart – the Australian mining magnate – has become the world’s richest woman. She takes the crown from Wal-Mart heiress Christy Walton, who held the title of world’s richest woman for seven years. According to BRW’s 2012 Rich 200 List, Ms. Rinehart’s net worth is now $29.7 billion. That tops Ms. Walton’s $26 billion pile. Ms. Rinehart’s fortune has nearly tripled over the past year – at the rate of more than $1 million per hour – due to the mining boom in Australia and strong commodity prices. Of course, guessing people’s wealth is usually a guess. And the Bloomberg Billionaire Index lists Ms. Rinehart’s current wealth at a mere $18 billion, putting her well below Christy. So there is room for disagreement. BRW said Ms. Rinehart could become the richest person in the world if commodity prices and Ms. Rinehart’s mining projects continue to grow. E Yet with her new crown comes anxiety. Ms. Rinehart has been engaged in a vicious battle with her own kids over control of the family business empire. Three of Rinehart’s four kids – John Hancock, Bianca Rinehart and Hope Welker – are suing her to oust her as trustee of the multibillion-dollar family trust established by her late father Lang Hancock. Ms. Rinehart has said that her kids are unfit to run the business. “None of the plaintiffs (her children) has the requisite capacity or skill, nor the knowledge, experience, judgment or responsible work ethic to administer a trust in the nature of the trust in particular as part of the growing HPPL Group,” she claimed in court papers. She is also facing new claims from Aboriginal landowners who say her company isn’t paying them enough for royalty payments. Apparently, it’s not easy at the top – even with $28 billion. Do you think Gina Rinehart will ever be the richest person in the world? Robert Frank, CNBC
Here are the more than 2-dozen states (so far) rejecting Obama’s dimwit-plan to accept thousands of additional refugees. Naturally, Hawaii isn’t on the list. If the Muslim-in-Chief prevails, We’ll have to amend the inscription on our Statue of Liberty to read: “Give me your insane, your psychopaths, Your inflamed murderers yearning to breathe death upon America, Send these, the human excrement, of your teeming shore. Send all these to me: I lift my middle finger to the American people.” Map of States Shutting Their Doors to Syrian Refugees On Monday and into Tuesday, more than two dozen governors moved to block Syrian refugees from entering their states. (Photo: Kelsey Lucas/Visualsey)In the aftermath of Friday’s terrorist attacks in Paris, governors across the United States are attempting to shut their doors on Syrian refugees looking to find a safe haven in the country.
SPS was founded in 1996 by two IPSC passionate shooters and was initially manufactured in Barcelona Spain but in 2010, we got an agreement with the well-known factory Metro Arms Corporation located in the Philippines with more than 25 years’ experience in 1911 type pistols exporting mainly to USA; having the latest metallurgic technologies, production equipment and professional craftsmanship to offer the best option to competitors with their philosophy of “Precise Fit… Perfect Fire” SPS’s fitting is excellent as they are processed with CNC machines; in the initial setting of the lock-up of the barrel with the slide, the lock-up is still a bit tight, but after a break in, the barrel lugs seats properly on the slide for a perfect lock-up, this is, besides the fitting, one of the SPS strengths. Upon finishing the guns they are shipped to Barcelona where they go to Proof House for testing and after a final quality control they’re delivered to SPS Distributors worldwide; original Proof House Certificate goes with each gun to the buyer. SPS magazines are manufactured entirely in Barcelona and we are proud to say they are the most preferred by shooters even for guns from other manufacturers. We’re pleased to offer the best value for money that currently you can find in the market.
My day started with a 5:30 a.m. phone call saying there would be a two-hour delay for school; it turns out to be a complete snow day. Snow days are always the best because you don't have anything planned. Everything you do is a bonus. And if you do nothing, nothing is lost. The kids went outside twice today. It was utter joy to watch all three of them (and the dog) frolicking and laughing in the snow. They were just so happy. I was content to watch from the window with my hot coffee and warm heart! I know these days are becoming more numbered, so I just watched and relished the moment. We utilized the day off to pick up the girls' glasses. The oldest wore glasses a couple years ago; the younger has never had them. All day long they have been making fun of me for just smiling at them. They look so much older with the glasses on. I didn't tell them, but the sibling resemble is enhanced with these new accessories. Today is one of those days that I could not imagine NOT being a mom. Let's see what the weekend has in store . . .
Saturday, March 17, 2007 Well, what I thought was hemorrhoids aggravated by mild proctitis now turns out to be a strong case of proctitis causing all the pain during bowel movements. I saw my primary care doctor instead of the radiation doc because I thought it was just hemorrhoids. But after an exam that tested my naval vocabulary, the doctor assured me the problem was radiation proctitis, and that we needed to get on it right away. So I'm taking prednisone orally for a few days, and if the inflammation doesn't go down dramatically, he gave me a prescription for Proctofoam, which seems to be a pretty standard treatment. Still, I'm not too badly affected throughout the day. More frequent BMs, but not diarrhea right now. It's just that when I go, I have to bite down on a towel or something for a few seconds. I'm glad I saw my doctor. Now I have to explain to the radiation oncologist why I didn't report this to HIM. Actually, I'd get on the phone Monday and tell him, but things have to cool down in the bowel before anyone else does and exam down there. I don't want this to scare anyone away from IMRT as salvage after prostatectomy. If you need it, you need it.
Chief Executive Officer Dick Costolo of Twitter, Inc. (NASDAQ/TWTR) abruptly announced he was stepping down on Thursday, June 11 amid growing frustration with the Internet application’s slow user growth and sluggish advertising revenues. Jack Dorsey, Co-Founder and Chairman of the Board at Twitter, will serve as Interim CEO while the board searches for a permanent replacement. Costolo, however, will remain on Twitter’s board of directors. (Source: Twitter, June 11, 2015.) Following the announcement on Thursday, Twitter’s share price surged eight percent in after-hours trading. However, by Friday morning, the stock had given up most of those gains, up only 1.4% to $36.33 per share in early trading. Twitter “Unfollows” Dick Costolo Costolo says that he had been contemplating his leave for some time now. “I initiated conversations with some members of the board at the end of last year about CEO succession as I contemplated what was next for me,” he told investors in the conference call on Thursday, “Ultimately following discussions with the full board and at February meeting and then at our meeting last week, we agree that now is the right time to begin this transition.” Dorsey specifically mentions that Costolo’s leave is nothing more than his own decision: “One thing I do want to make clear is that this transition is not the result of anything more than Dick deciding to move on from his role as CEO.” Investors, who have been disappointed with the company’s recent financial performance, cheered on the announcement. According to its earnings report for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, revenue came in at $436 million, below the $456 million expected by Wall Street analysts. The company’s deficits also continued, losing $162 million, or $0.25 per share, for the quarter. Twitter’s outlook looks gloomy, too. In its quarterly report, the company told investors to expect revenue of $2.17 billion to $2.27 billion, significantly lower than the $2.38 billion expected by analysts. Also Read: How Twitter Makes Money Whether the change will lead to actual improvement in the company’s performance remains to be seen. Investors are now eager to see who will be named the new CEO to carry out their vision for the company.
Somewhere, Rob Bottin just flipped off his monitor. Listen, I am a practical effects guy. I don’t have an outright hate for CGI, I think they can be correctly but rarely is that the case. Having said that, the video below is beyond impressive. It shows scenes Lucasfilm rendering scenes in real-time, removing the majority of post production work. Watch this while you can. Thanks to The Projection Booth for bringing this to our attention. Latest posts by dailygri (see all) - Cult Movie Mania Releases Lucio Fulci Limited Edition VHS Sets - January 5, 2016 - Daily Grindhouse looks at the greatest winter movies ever made. - December 25, 2015 - NO-BUDGET NIGHTMARES PODCAST #71: BAD TASTE (1987) - December 25, 2015
By Rebecca Palmer and Tom Busselberg FARMINGTON — Mayoral candidate John C. Bowker, Jr. has withdrawn from the race because he got a new job. “Even though the position of Mayor for Farmington City might be classified as a part time position, in order to serve as mayor effectively, it requires more time, probably full time,” he wrote in a letter to the city. “After evaluating the demands of my new employment, and that of the office of Mayor, I see that I would not be able to devote as much time to serving the citizens of Farmington as I would like to give, because of time commitments to my new full time employment. I owe it to my employer and to my family, to focus on my new employment.” Bowker will take a job with California-based Internet technology company Cisco Systems, Inc., according to a press release from his campaign. He will live in Farmington and work from a Utah office. "Bowker plans to remain involved in the community affairs in Farmington," the release reads. Beyond stepping down, Bowker threw his support behind the man who had been his competitor, City Councilman Jim Talbot. Because there were only two candidates running, Talbot is the de facto winner. “As I withdraw my candidacy, I take comfort in knowing that Farmington City will a have dedicated and qualified leader as its Mayor,” Bowker wrote. The former candidate also endorsed Doug Anderson, Jeff Steele and Brigham Mellor in the city council races. The county has yet to receive official word from Bowker, and officials said it was too late to remove his name from printed ballots. However, his name is expected to be removed from electronic ballots. Early voting for the general election begins Oct. 22 and runs through Nov. 1 and general election day is Nov. 5.
PdfSR.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. How to Read Faces : A System of Practical and Scientific Physiognomy - 2 Vols. ; A Manual of Instruction in the Knowledge of the Human Physiognomy and Organism, Embracing the Discoveries of Located Si This preview is provided by Google, with the permission of its publishers and authors. more info
View similar businesses near: Wattle Grove NSW There are no reviews for this business “We've had our home alarm and cameras in for a few months now. Couldn't fault workmanship or product quality. I can see my cameras on my mobile phone. They did a good job. Very honest and priced well.” “Our experience with PSG has been nothing but positive since the very first phone call. Helpful, prompt and friendly, they have been a delight to do business with. I called a number of potential suppliers before being referred to them and was immediately impressed with their proactive and helpful approach. I encourage people to sidestep the large brand names that offer only that - just a brand - and absolutely no service behind it. 10 out of 10 for these guys!” “Highly recommended. They are friendly, polite, efficient and supply quality products and workmanship. After sales service cant be faulted either. Great team!!” “Our CCTV installation went without a hitch. The install was neater than we expected. There was a problem with the Hard Drive and Paul replaced it the same day out of hours. We were very impressed with the level of service we received.” Your security guards were all a pleasure to deal with, especially Louise. The event is a very laid back one, so i think it would have been an enjoyable for your guards. Certainly no trouble at all. They were a great help getting our crowds across the creek safely and efficiently and were always engaging well with the guests, so many thanks. Should we ever be requiring security in future, we will most definately be happy to work with Securityworx again. Cameron Davis on 6th Oct 2016 Mary Elcoat on 6th Oct 2016 Linda Aguerra on 6th Oct 2016 Darren Samson on 6th Oct 2016 Natalie Bray on 1st Mar 2012
Edited Collection: Critical Perspectives on Indo-Caribbean Women's Literature (Deadline May 31, 2010) Submissions are invited for an edited collection of scholarly essays on Indo-Caribbean women's literature. This is the first collection to focus specifically on the literature produced by Indo-Caribbean women, and it aims to offer critical and theoretical perspectives on novels, short-fiction, poetry, autobiography and memoir. In the field of Caribbean Studies, scholarship has been devoted to mainly male Indo-Caribbean writers or has explored Indo-Caribbean culture from multi-disciplinary perspectives. The emergence of several Indo-Caribbean women writers in the late twentieth century opened up a vibrant field of literary production that significantly transformed Caribbean and Indo-Caribbean Studies. This period ushered in the publication of full-length poetry collections by writers such as Mahadai Das and Ramabai Espinet as well as the publication of first novels by writers including Lakshmi Persaud, Jan Shinebourne and Shani Mootoo. Since the publication of these pioneering works, Indo-Caribbean women writers from Trinidad, Guyana, the diaspora and other parts of the Caribbean region have come to produce a significant new body of writing, providing new conceptualizations of Caribbean and diasporic cultural forms and literary aesthetics. This collection will examine the continued development of Indo-Caribbean women's writing as a flourishing genre in Caribbean and Indo-Caribbean literature. Contributors are invited to explore the literature produced by individual authors including but not limited to Lakshmi Persaud, Mahadai Das, Ramabai Espinet, Shani Mootoo, Jan Shinebourne, Oonya Kempadoo, Peggy Mohan, Ismene Krishnadath, Ryhaan Shah, Narmala Shewcharan, Rajandaye Ramkissoon-Chen, Lelawattee Manoo-Rahming. Areas of inquiry may include: •Minority Identities in Caribbean (Belize, Cuba, St Vincent, St. Lucia etc.) •Kala Pani Poetics •Indo-Caribbean Women in the Diaspora (Canada, US, Europe) •Representations of Chutney, Soca, Calypso, Dancehall •Representations of Ramleela, Hosay, Phagwah, Matikor, Carnival •Representations of visual culture / cultural artifacts (Bollywood films, jewelry, traditional dress, etc.) •Gender and Sexuality •Feminist Politics and Poetics •Ethnicity and Nationalism •Class and Class Struggle Contributors are asked to send a 300-500 word abstract, working title, contact information and a brief biographical statement in an MS Word attachment to the editors (firstname.lastname@example.org and email@example.com) on or before May 31, 2010.
Give us the grace to live with each other in peace and harmony. May we always bear with one another's weaknesses and grow from each other's strengths. Help us to forgive one another's failings and grant us patience, kindness, cheerfulness and the spirit of placing the well-being of one another ahead of self. May the love that brought us together grow and mature with each passing year. Bring us both ever closer to You through our love for each other.Let our love grow to perfection.
My very first post has been a long time coming. I really didn't think I would have anything to share that anyone else would want to see, but I've decided I need a place to enjoy participating in things like blog hopping and posting things I'm working on. Hopefully this will be the beginning of an adventure that takes me to new places as I explore the brave new world of blogs. Please join me as we travel on the "space" crafter's journey of discovery. (Sorry about the pun.) Have a wonderful day!
Discussion in 'PC Gaming' started by celticfan11, Mar 17, 2004. how can i play every game windowed like cs 1.6 allows you to do??? most games, because of their complexity, have to have it integrated in some way for it to work well, otherwise it does a number on your overall performance. if I remember somewhat correctly, if you add "-w" to the shortcut (or run with that argument) for some* games it will work, but I honestly can't be sure, and am entirely too lazy to check. might want to google it up somewhere, or wait for a response here from someone who might know for sure He's right, some games allow you to add a -w (including space before the -) in the shortcut after the last " 's.
describes a plot of the vertical profile of temperature and dew point (and often winds) above a fixed location). Soundings are used extensively in severe weather forecasting, e.g., to determine instability, locate temperature inversions, measure the strength of the cap (capping inversion), obtain the convective temperature, (Convective Available Potential Energy) Soundings a usually carried out with an instrument called an the results are usually plotted in a so-called skew-t / log (p) Horizontal lines represent height in pressure coordinates (millibars or hPa); diagonal lines represent temperature. Heavy solid lines show the vertical profile of observed temperature (red) and The grey line shows the temperature of a parcel of surface air and how its temperature would change if it would be lifted.
I did my padi a couple of years ago in this place in Anilao, about 3 hrs drive from Manila. Anilao has some amazing dive spots nearby, cathedral and twin rocks were my favourite. Outrigger resort is a great spot, delicious food and right on the sea. Stunning! We were lucky enough to go to the local village of mabini with our dive instructor and there was a festival on, was so much fun. http://www.outrigger.com.ph/ over 7 years ago Hi Ian, you can also try Alona Beach on Bohol island if you're after facilities. For what I've been told, the best reefs are found on Coron, Palawan, but it's a bit quieter there than Bohol. Here's a good map to help you get your bearings: http://www.divefishsnow.co.nz/dive/philippines/images/home-map-zoom.gif From my experience with Bohol, you simply rock up to the beach. There are a number of reputable dive companies that can either take you on planned excursions, or private dives. Just do a search for 'Alona Beach diving' to take a look at prices. Let me know if you have any questions regarding Bohol, Manila or Cebu - I'm happy to give you my two cents. over 7 years ago
Operating system & Processor Motorola Moto X 2017 was rumored and the phone is not announced officially yet but expected announcement will be in April 2017. The phone expected will be release in 2017. Here we are going to show you Unofficial preliminary specifications, features and expected Moto X 2017 price in dollar and other popular countries such as USA, Ceanada, China, United Kingdom, France, Singapore, Germany, Astráil, Saudi Arabia, India, Pakistan. The phone is powered by Android 7.0 Nougat with 4G technology supported. Motorola Moto X smartphone comes with Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 processor with Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625 chipset and Adreno 506 GPU supported. Screen Display, Phone Memory and Ram Motorola Moto X 2017 smartphone comes with 5.5 inches with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution with IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors display. Motorola Moto X phone comes with 32 GB internal phone memory with 3 GB ram. The phone is also coming with 64GB internal phone memory with 4GB ram. If you want to increase your phone memory you can use MicroSD card up to 256 GB. In this post we are going to show you the Motorola Moto X 32 GB price with 3 GB ram supported if you want to check the price of Moto X 2017 64 GB internal phone memory with 4GB ram you must click here. Camera & Sound Features Motorola Moto X 2017 comes with Dual 13 Megapixels back camera with autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. The back camera popular features are Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR quality. The phone comes with 5 Megapixels, LED flash front camera is the best for capturing any event and any wedding and celebrating programs and selfie pictures. Motorola Moto X 2017 Full Specification and Features |Glossary Names||Features Details| |teicneolaíocht||2G / 3G / 4G / GSM / HSPA / LTE| |2G bands||GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 – SIM 1 & SIM 2| |3G bands||HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100| |Announced||Exp. announcement 2017, aibreán| |Dimensions||Not conformed yet| |Thickness||Not conformed yet| |Weight||Not conformed yet| |SIM||Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by)| |Screen Type||Super LCD5 capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors| |Display Screen Size||5.5 inches| |Resolution||1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density)| |Protection||To be confirmed| |Operating System||Android 7.0 Nougat| |Chipset||Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625| |Processor (CPU)||Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53| |Graphics (GPU)||Adreno 506| |Internal Phone Memory||32 GB| |Card slot||microSD, up to 256 GB| |Front Camera||5 Megapixels, LED flash| |Back Camera||Dual 13 Megapixels back camera with autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash| |Camera Features||Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR| |Sound Alert types||Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones| |3.5mm jack|| Yes | |WLAN||Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot| |Bluetooth||4.2, A2DP, LE| |GPS||Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS| |Sensors||Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass| |Messaging||SMS(threaded view), MMS, Ríomhphost, Push Mail, IM| |Extra Features||– Fast battery charging | – MP3/AAC+/WAV/Flac player – MP4/H.264 player – Photo/video editor – Document viewer |BATTERY||Non-removable Li-Ion battery| Motorola Moto X 2017 32GB price in dollar Price in USA Price in Canada 590 Canadian Dollar Price in China Price in United Kingdom Price in Israel Price in Australia 585 Australia Dollar Price in France Price in Indonesia Price in Singapore 629 Singapore dollar Price in Germany Price in Saudi Arabia Price in Pakistan Price in India 29949 Indian Rupees Téarmaí & Condition and Disclaimer: Motorola Moto X 2017 is Android 7.0 Nougat base smartphone. We are doing daily updates from China Local Mobile Phone market and Indian mobile phone market but we can not guarantee that the above given information (only for Prices) on this page is not 100% correct. If you found any changes and want to get more Latest mobile prices Please contact us and provide the updated price of Moto X 2017 32 GB internal phone memory with 3 GB RAM. We priced the new cell phones and tablets as per international offerings without including shipment and taxes. Tá súil leat an Airteagal seo, má rinne tú a dhéanamh cinnte a thabhairt duit é a thumbs suas agus a comment maith síos thíos.
A nationally renowned and tech-savvy mortgage expert, Jeff is famous for his H.O.T.™ loan process – Honest, Open and Transparent – a laser-focused approach to enhancing the consumer mortgage experience. A 25-year industry veteran, he is committed to making the “Latte Vision” a reality for today’s tech-savvy consumers. In fact, embracing this streamlined paperless vision, Jeff has successfully closed over 15,000 residential transactions for more than $5B in loan sales by infusing old-fashioned, honest customer service with real-time, cloud-based technology. However, Jeff is not your typical “mortgage guy”. In fact, he is a well-respected and highly sought-after NAR trainer/emcee, popular (5-time) Inman Ambassador and the 2015-17 Region V Director of Technology and Communications for the Women’s Council of Realtors.
ERNEST N. LOTCHES, Petitioner-Appellant, JEFF PREMO, Superintendent, Oregon State Penitentiary, Defendant-Respondent. Argued and submitted on February 05, 2013. Marion County Circuit Court 01C18545, Joseph C. Guimond, Judge. Bronson D. James argued the cause for appellant. With him on the brief was JDL Attorneys, LLP. Kathleen Cegla, Senior Assistant Attorney General, argued the cause for respondent. With her on the brief were John R. Kroger, Attorney General, and Anna M. Joyce, Solicitor General. Before Armstrong, Presiding Judge, and Nakamoto, Judge, and Egan, Judge. Petitioner appeals a judgment denying his petition for post-conviction relief. We affirm. Petitioner alleged that he was denied adequate assistance of trial counsel under Article I, section 11, of the Oregon Constitution. At his initial trial, a jury convicted petitioner of three counts of aggravated murder, one count of attempted aggravated murder, one count of attempted murder, one count of assault in the first degree with a firearm, one count of robbery in the first degree, and one count of felon in possession of a firearm, and imposed a sentence of death on the aggravated murder counts. Petitioner alleges that trial counsel failed to investigate and present a "culturally attuned" defense emphasizing self-defense and post-traumatic stress disorder, failed to investigate petitioner's mental health history in order to buttress these defenses, and interfered with petitioner's right to testify, noting that the record does not establish that trial counsel informed petitioner of his right to testify. Petitioner asserts that those failures amounted to constitutionally inadequate assistance of counsel. We summarize the facts from the post-conviction court's findings and from the record. We are bound by a post-conviction court's findings of fact if they are supported by evidence in the record,  and we review its legal conclusions for errors of law. Derschon v. Belleque, 252 Or.App. 465, 466, 287 P.3d 1189 (2012), rev den, 353 Or 208 (2013). The convictions at issue in this case resulted from an altercation in Portland, Oregon, on August 22, 1992. State v. Lotches, 331 Or 455, 457, 17 P.3d 1045 (2000). A string of confrontations culminated when petitioner fired a handgun at several unarmed people and one armed security officer. Id. at 458-59. After petitioner's attempts at flight failed, he surrendered to the police. Id. at 460. There was evidence that petitioner was intoxicated at the time. Id. at 461. Petitioner pleaded not guilty to all charges in a 10-count indictment. Id. The trial court appointed two experienced attorneys to represent petitioner. Those attorneys, and their investigators, met with petitioner repeatedly. During the entire period of preparation and the trial itself, petitioner maintained that he remembered nothing beyond the initial confrontation. Those denials included his testimony at the penalty phase that he could remember nothing about the shooting and that all he remembered about that day was that he had been drinking. The jury trial focused on petitioner's mental state as trial counsel pursued a defense of "guilty but insane." Petitioner was convicted of three counts of aggravated murder, one count of attempted aggravated murder, one count of attempted murder, one count of assault in the first degree with a firearm, one count of robbery in the first degree, and one count of felon in possession of a firearm. Id. at 457. The jury acquitted petitioner on one count of attempted murder. Id. at 461. After a penalty-phase proceeding, petitioner was sentenced to death. Id. On direct and automatic review, the Oregon Supreme Court reversed two of the convictions for aggravated murder, but affirmed the remaining convictions, including one count of aggravated murder, and affirmed the death sentence. Id. at 457. Petitioner sought post-conviction relief and, on June 23, 2009, the post-conviction court conducted a hearing on petitioner's Ninth Amended Petition for Post-Conviction Relief. Petitioner is a member of the Native American Klamath-Modoc tribe and the hearing included extensive testimony about the history of the Klamath-Modoc people and various egregious acts of misconduct perpetrated against them by, inter alia, the United States government. There was also extensive evidence as to petitioner's own dysfunctional family and traumatic experiences and some evidence as to the extent that those experiences might have affected petitioner. The post-conviction court concluded that the evidence failed to establish inadequate performance by counsel and that, even assuming ...
You pass by my side I cannot see you, I knock at your door When in the afternoon, I still wait for u; At your doorstep, I knock and knock I sit there on the stairs until evening, and wait, I stand up and shout where u are? I know you are inside. Open the door, it is hard to wait. Outside; like a beggar whose face glints; When, he feels the sound of a door’s opening. But, when he turns back to see the person. The door already shut in few seconds. Like an ignorant beggar. I am beaten by your quietness. The emptiness round your door abuses me. When, silence slaps at my cheek. My tears take their way. Then darkness takes over the town. Your door welcomes it too. You hide yourself underneath it, It shelters you, It makes you for me; An invisible to be seen. You pass by my side, I cannot see you.
Today’s recital in the RBA was given by Russell Braun. Carolyn Maule and members of the COC orchestra. The programme, Journeys of the Soul, divided into two quite distinct halves. In the first, Russell was joined by Marie Bedard and Dominique Laplants (violins), Keith Hamm (viola) and Paul Widner (cello) in a performance of Samuel Barber’s Dover Beach; a setting of a text by Matthew Arnold. It’s a very dark text and rather an extraordinary choice for a twenty year old. The music is equally dark and brooding. It’s a great work for Russell though and plays well to the colours of his voice and his keen attention to text. It was a pleasure to hear in the very intimate atmosphere of the RBA. The second half of the concert consisted of Fauré’s La bonne chanson; a setting of love poems by Paul Verlaine (do all French composers set Verlaine?). This was a real contrast with texts about love, songbirds and winter turning to summer quite playfully and wittily set. Originally composed for voice and piano, we got to hear the later arrangement for voice, piano and string quintet (for this piece the ensemble added Carolyn Maule on piano and Alan Molitz on bass). This was another good fit for Russell giving him lots of scope to work with the text. Of the nine songs in the cycle I particularly liked Avant que tu ne t’en ailles with its amusing evocation of quails and larks as well as L’hiver a cessé because, at last, finally it seems to have and I liked the way Fauré worked together the piano and pizzicato strings. We got an encore too; a reprise of the eighth song in the cycle N’est-ce pas. It’s a beautiful text simply set. N’est-ce pas? nous irons gais et lents, dans la voie Modeste que nous montre en souriant l’Espoir, Peu soucieux qu’on nous ignore ou qu’on nous voie. Isolés dans l’amour ainsi qu’en un bois noir, Nos deux coeurs, exhalant leur tendresse paisible, Seront deux rossignols qui chantent dans le soir. Sans nous préoccuper de ce que nous destine Le Sort, nous marcherons pourtant du même pas, Et la main dans la main, avec l’âme enfantine. De ceux qui s’aiment sans mélange, n’est-ce pas? Because, yes, it is.
It's been rumored for years that Apple would include NFC in the iPhone. This time, 9to5 Mac found references to the feature hidden in code for a prototype iPhone. NFC would likely work well with the new Passbook app Apple announced for iOS 6, the company's next mobile operating system for iPhones and iPads. PassBook lets you store your gift cards, concert tickets, airplane passes, and other third-party services in one app. It wouldn't be a stretch for Apple to include credit cards for the next iPhone.
Statement from Karen Steuer, Pew Environment Group, on Antibiotic Use Reporting Requirements WASHINGTON - Karen Steuer, director of government operations for the Pew Environment Group, today issued the following statement in response to the House Energy & Commerce Committee mark up of the Animal Drug User Fee Act: “The routine use of antibiotics in animal agriculture has long been a contributing factor in the rise of antibiotic-resistant disease. The Pew Commission on Industrial Farm Animal Production recently joined the World Health Organization, the National Academies of Science, and the Centers for Disease Control in pointing out how this practice squanders the effectiveness of life-saving medicines. “Antibiotics are regularly added to the feed of chickens, hogs, and beef cattle to increase animal growth rates even though numerous studies have connected this practice to antibiotic resistant e-Coli, Salmonella, and Campylobacter. “The House Energy & Commerce Committee has started addressing an emerging public health threat that costs our already overtaxed health care system millions of dollars annually. “Including improved reporting standards in the Animal Drug User Fee Act to address antibiotic resistance will help us understand the breadth of the problem. This is a good first step but more needs to be done. Removing antibiotics from animal feed is an urgent public health priority.”
Sorry, No Images Available Yet. Expect a great stay at Hampton Inn & Suites Bridgewater. Our modern hotel offers a prime location just off I-287 near CenterPointe Business Park and major offices like Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson and MetLife. Reach businesses along Route 22 and Rutgers University with ease, and get to Newark Airport (EWR) in 40 minutes. Ask our friendly staff about shuttle service to area points of interest. Each stylish guest room has free WiFi, a 50-inch HDTV, microwave, mini-refrigerator, work desk, and plenty of charging spots for your devices. Get a great night’s sleep on the clean and fresh Hampton bed®, and refresh in the bathroom with backlit vanity and glass shower. Larger guest rooms provide sofa sleepers, and our suites feature a living area with wet bar. Start the day with a free hot breakfast of fresh-baked waffles, eggs, bacon, oatmeal, fruit and other favorites. Our lobby bar and lounge is perfect for after-work cocktails and small plates, and our TREAT Shop is always open for snacks and travel items. There’s a wealth of restaurants within a 5-minute drive – we’re happy to recommend a place. Take a dip in the heated indoor pool, or burn calories in the fitness center. Our 24-hour business center has print, scan, copy and fax services to help prepare for your workday. Plan your next Bridgewater, NJ meeting in sleek function space – our boardroom seats 12 people, and our meeting room can accommodate 50 guests. - Fitness Center - Business Center - Wheelchair Access - Swimming Pool - Outdoor - Internet Access - Public Access for fee
Mark "The Bird" Fidrych Mark "the Bird" Fidrych, the fun-loving pitcher who baffled hitters for one All-Star season and entertained fans with his antics, was found dead Monday April 13th in an apparent accident at his farm. He was 54. Worcester County district attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. said a family friend found Fidrych about 2:30 p.m. Monday beneath a dump truck in Northborough, Mass., about 35 miles west of Boston. He appeared to have been working on the truck, Early said. Joseph Amorello said he had stopped by the farm to chat with Fidrych when he found the body underneath the 10-wheel truck. Amorello owns A.F. Amorello & Sons, a company that does road construction, and said he sometimes hired Fidrych to haul asphalt or gravel in the truck. "We were just, in general, getting started for the [road building] season this week and it seems as though his truck was going to be needed. It looked like he was doing some maintenance on it," Amorello said in a telephone interview. "I found him under the truck. There's not much more I can say. I dialed 911 and that's all I could do." The curly haired right-hander was the American League Rookie of the Year in 1976, when he went 19-9 with a 2.34 ERA and 24 complete games. But injuries cut short his career, and he ended up spending only five seasons in the major leagues, all with the Detroit Tigers. He was 29-19 with a 3.10 ERA. "The entire Detroit Tigers organization was saddened to learn of the passing of former player Mark Fidrych today," the Tigers said in a statement. "Mark was beloved by Tigers fans and he was a special person with a unique personality. The Tigers send our heartfelt condolences to his family and friends." Fidrych attempted a comeback in 1982 and 1983 with the Boston Red Sox organization. He pitched for their Triple-A team in Pawtucket, R.I. But he never pitched in the majors after 1980 and retired in July 1983. The Worcester, Mass., native later owned a trucking business. State police detectives are investigating the circumstances of his death, Early said. "Everybody wanted him on their crew," Amorello said. "He was a hard worker, but, at the same time, he always had a smile on his face." He acquired the nickname "the Bird" because of his resemblance to the Big Bird character on the "Sesame Street" television show. During games, he would bend down and groom the mound with his hands, talk to the baseball and slap high-fives with teammates in the middle of the diamond. "People that didn't know him might say he was weird," Amorello said, "but people who knew him didn't. He was just a big-hearted person. He never even slightly suggested any regrets of his injuries. He was just happy to have the time he had in sports. He considered himself a lucky man. "He bought his farm. He married the woman he was in love with and had a beautiful daughter." Fidrych married his wife, Ann, in 1986 and they had a daughter, Jessica. Knee and shoulder injuries limited him to 58 major league games. "Baseball will miss him. They missed him because he didn't have as long as a career as everybody would have liked in the first place. It's just horrible," former Orioles pitcher and Hall of Famer Jim Palmer said. "He did embrace life. I remember him trying to play golf when he couldn't play golf and enjoying every minute of it. "He was a marvelous pitcher and I just hate to see him go." Fidrych's first major league start was a complete game, two-hitter in which he beat the Cleveland Indians 2-1. He won seven of his first eight decisions and was the AL starter in the All-Star Game. He allowed two runs in the first inning and put runners at second and third in the second, but he got the final two outs and left after two innings trailing 2-0. The NL won 7-1. He tore knee cartilage during spring training the following year and was placed on the disabled list until May 24. He suffered a shoulder injury in July 1977. Fidrych pitched 250 1/3 innings in 1976, but only 162 after that, when he was just 10-10. Chicago Cubs bench coach Alan Trammell was a rookie shortstop with Detroit in 1977 and saw Fidrych's on-field behavior up close. "He was very genuine. It was not an act," Trammell said. "He never changed. He liked to have a good time. You'd go over his house and he'd make dinner. That's the type of guy he was. "My first spring training was 1977. I was an invitee. I remember playing the Red Sox in Winter Haven [Fla.]. The three innings he pitched he broke five bats." After taking 1981 off from pitching, Fidrych went to Pawtucket, where he made his first appearance on July 3, 1982. He finished that season with a 6-8 record and 4.98 ERA in 20 games, 19 of them starts. The next season he was 2-5 with a 9.68 ERA in 12 games, including eight starts, and retired in July of that season. "When he got to us in late June every place he pitched in the league was a sellout. Six years after his great year he was still selling out minor league parks," said Pawtucket team president Mike Tamburro, who was general manager when Fidrych played there. "His baseball career certainly ended far too soon, and now I'm sorry to say we've lost him far too soon. He was a remarkable character. He was like a meteor in the baseball world that one year. He played center stage and the entire game of baseball kind of played around him." One of Fidrych's most memorable minor league games was against Dave Righetti, the AL Rookie of the Year with the New York Yankees in 1981 who was sent to Triple-A Columbus the following season. Fidrych pitched a complete game 7-5 win."He was almost too down to earth," Tamburro said. "He was just a wonderful guy to be around. I think the antics on the field were never an act. I think it was his true feelings. He was just a simple guy, lived a simple lifestyle and just brought that lunch-pail mentality to the pitcher's mound every four or five days." San Francisco Giants hitting coach Carney Lansford's first three seasons, with the California Angels, coincided with Fidrych's last three in the majors. "I don't think you'll ever see someone like that come around again," Lansford said. "He was just great for the game. That's what the game needed, more guys like him -- colorful. He was one of a kind. That's for sure. That year, when you thought about baseball, that's the first name that came to mind. He was a guy at the top of his game. He was the man. That's shocking. It's a shame."
Beating the Competition with Boom Boom Football! Fans of American football are in for a treat with this game. It may not be the NFL or even look anywhere nearly resembling the physical game but what it lacks in grit and realism, is made up for it’s simple, almost laid-back style to what is generally known as a hardcore sport. Created and developed by Hothead Games Inc., Boom Boom Football is a free game app that allows for you to do several things: Build a team Plan a strategy Lead a team to ultimate “football glory” All of these you can do through a simple card-game style that is unlike most sport game apps out there. Features and Gameplay The games features boast of several things such as: More than 300 unique football players 5 classes (or types) of cards Several different tournaments Vibrant and colorful graphics Engaging gameplay (which we will discuss further down below) As for the gameplay, it was already mentioned that it is very simple. The developers of the game have taken the card game style and mixed it with some action and simulation, creating a whole different beast in a way. When playing this game, you kind get the best of everything: card game, action, simulation and arcade styles all rolled into one. How can that not be fun, right? The Problem and the Solution So, what’s stopping you from playing this game? Maybe you’re worried about not be able to play this game through your mobile phone or device? Don’t want to have it take away from your memory space and/or waste your battery life while you are playing? Admittedly, this particular game states that it will eat up some of your mobile space – up to 1 GB of RAM just play it. That can very well suck out all the excitement one would have in the prospects of playing this game in the first place especially if you always have to worry about whether your phone or mobile device will crash because of the lack of memory space. Well, let me tell you, there is a solution! You could just download Boom Boom Football for PC instead! Still skeptical? But it’s true, there is a way that you can play Boom Boom Football on PC and erase all your fear of wasting memory space or battery life forever! Your one solution is in one application – Andy. Quick and easy – Download and installation Boom Boom Football for PC is really fast and simple. You don’t have to worry about wasting any more time figuring out how to setup the software at all. Before you know it, you will be playing for hours on end! Newbie-friendly – Is this your first introduction to emulators? Well, even if you aren’t, you will appreciate how user-friendly it is. No more wasting time trying to figure out how things work and getting frustrated! High quality sound and HD graphics – Andy has high quality sound and HD graphics so that you keep on enjoying the vibrant colors and amazing soundtrack as you play games and even apps like this one, Boom Boom Football on PC. Switch from mobile to PC – Transition from mobile to PC couldn’t be easier. Andy syncs up to your personal Google Play account and now you can use the same account as well. Better user experience – A nifty bonus when you use Andy is that you can now use your mobile phone like a remote control. Now you have the convenience of a touch screen while you play! Need Help? – Check their online support group on Facebook or give them a quick email. Updates – Get regular updates and new additions to the software automatically and without you having to download and re-install the software manually. It is done for you and without any hassle on your part so that you can keep using Andy as usual. Free! – This means that you can use this software without having to worry about risks. No hidden charges or fees to mess with. It is totally straight forward: download and install and that is it! How to Download Boom Boom Football for your PC: Step 1: Download the android emulator software Andy and it is available for free. Click here to download: Download Step 2: Start the installation of Andy by clicking on the installer file you downloaded. Step 3: When the software is ready to be used, start it and complete the sign up procedure and login with Google Play account. Step 4: Start Google play store app and use its search tool to search Boom Boom Football download. Step 5: Find Boom Boom Football and start the installation. Step 6: Launch the game and you can now play Boom Boom Football on pc using a mouse or your keyboard and even your touchscreen, you can use the control button to emulate the pinch function to zoom in and out. Step 7: You can also install remote control app form here for remotely accessing the game: Andy remote control app Support: we maintain an online real-time Facebook support group if you have any issues with Andy OS installation process, you can use this link to access the group: support Enjoy Playing Boom Boom Football on PC!!!
Sculptures by Alison Catchlove – RHS Garden Hyde Hall September 10 @ 10:00 am - 5:00 pm An event every day that begins at 10:00am, repeating until Saturday, September 30, 2017 Enjoy this charming exhibition by Alison Catchlove, an established Surrey-based artist who specialises in metal sculptures of birds, bugs, animals and flowers. Price: Normal garden admission applies. Sat Nav: CM3 8RA
This was one of those for me. Gary Whitta’s writing goes deep into both the history of the story and the hearts of the characters, delivering a full, rich immersion into a very real and immediate-feeling Dark-Ages England. The first time I tried to read Abomination I think I was restless. I usually prefer books that read like a Luc Besson movie; Pow! pow! Blam! …sexy bit… gogoGO BIG FINISH and explode. Yeah, like that. Maybe that makes me seem shallow. I dunno. I just get very impatient sometimes. I needed a book that moved fast like a river. Gary Whitta’s writing is more like an ocean current – deep, wide, but don’t think it’s not moving! I promise you, this book takes the werewolf/monster genre to thrilling, brutal, emotionally vibrant new places. (Fun fact: it’s not a wolf.) The magic, the richness of the characters, the grotesquerie of the fiends in the fully-realized and very immediate historical setting stayed in my mind, and pulled me back when I was ready for a book to really sink into. The light is failing. Autumn’s closing in. Nights are growing longer. Time for a book about grappling with the darkness that lurks within all or us, eh? This is a fun, quick read kinda hanging out on the edge of YA fantasy. If you’ve seen the movie Knights of Badassdom, it’s a bit like that, but without Peter Dinklage trippin’ balls. (Maybe something to be worked into the sequel?) To further differentiate this book from that film, rather than fantasy elements invading a LARPing weekend, Dave Barrett’s LARPers are sucked into a fantasy realm – so this is a “portal fantasy,” though, thankfully, there’s no big flashy portal. I liked that. One moment they’re kids stompin’ through the woods, next moment “Oh, snap! Those arrows are real, yo!” I also liked that, unlike many portal fantasies, there’s no over-dramatized freakout session (which, let’s be honest, would be accurate for many of our high-strung spazz-nick nerd friends, who tend to hyperbolize everything.) No, these characters are obviously true nerds. They’ve been dreaming of living in a fantasy realm all their lives. They’ve probably read all the portal fantasy YA novels they could get their hands on. So, when it happens to them, when they’re off Earth and realize their character stats are now real traits that they possess, their reaction is along the lines of “This is dope. Imma go throw fireballs at something.” I dig that; it lets you hurl right into the fun stuff of the story without the usual drawn-out freak-out. (Side note; the kids in this story don’t talk like the lines I put in quotes above. That’s all me. But if the author wishes to drop some kids representative of more hip-hop/urban culture into the fantasy world in future books, that’d be dope. My only suggestion is that any Yo-Boys and anyone who says “Brah” should be eaten by fungus monsters.) If you’re looking for a light, fun read, a different angle on portal fantasy, or maybe a gift for that young geek in your life, you’ll find It’s All Fun and Games to be an exciting start to a new series. Not kidding. That’s what the book is called. If you’re looking at a title as jam-packed with ridiculousness as that, you know the content is either going to be awful, or awesome. Let me assure you: here there be awesomeness. You’ve got a story here about a mathematical genius struggling to control phenomenal cosmic powers in her head, a guilt-wracked innocent murderer, a monster, and a penniless archaeologist with a flying motorcycle and her finger on the pulse of a shattering secret. And of course, over it all, is an asteroid. The one made of dragons. What makes it all work is G. Derek Adams’ mastery of storytelling. His writing is engrossing, beautiful, exciting. There are moments of linguistic virtuosity in this story, of written jazz, that lit fireworks in my head. I’m not talking about big words. I’m talking about the right ones. I’m talking about knowing the rules, using them well, and having the relaxed courage to break them and the intuitive wisdom to know when to break them. There are no wasted words here. You’re dropped into a strange world, right in the middle of these peoples’ lives, and it all is made real with such natural storytelling that the pace never drops. No chunky exposition, just drips and drops and “figure the rest out yourself because we’re busy saving the bloody world! Can’t tell you my story, you can get to know me by the way I cope with all the things trying to kill me!” So there’s the rub; perfect character development, wordsmithing juicy enough to make you get up and dance, and and unabashedly bold story that will shake down your preconceptions of what a fantasy can be. I’ll be watching this guy. When the protagonist achieves Nirvana within the first few pages, you know you’re entering a story that’s goin’ places. When the first words a hero hears after rebirth into physical life are “Brace yourself” you know the ride is going to be exciting. J.F. Dubeau has created a post-human universe of gods, engineered life-forms tasked with repairing a damaged, uninhabitable galaxy while we hibernate in safety. Dagir is born into a lush universe, a vivid and thrilling trans-human society – and into instant calamity. She is quite literally made-to-order and unleashed barely in time to respond to a civil war that is staggering in its bredth and suddenness, though the causes for it are rooted in human programming written hundreds or thousands of years before. If you’re looking for a fast pace and a grand scale (and that’s my bag, baby), you won’t be disappointed with The Life Engineered. This book breaks narrative rules. I mean, the narrator staggers drunkenly from one side of the fourth wall to the other. Sometimes he plops down on the couch next to you and starts eating your cheetoes. And he/she/it/disembodied-narrator-voice isn’t even part of the story. Chats all over the place in a familiar storytelling manner as if he was someone involved, someone there, but he’s (I’ll settle on the masculine pronoun) not. He’s just a voice. It comes off like some dude, maybe your bartender, telling you this really long yarn about a couple of nut-jobs living out a trippy mashup of Gilligan’s Isle and Castaway… And it works beautifully! Monkey Business is pure, cut-loose fun. Any lessons about life, love and how to be are purely coincidental. (But present all the same.) The story is a buddy adventure about two guys trying to escape a tropical island. It’s also about angry monkeys, indigenous dudebros, the fragile, shifting borders of reality and exploding fish. It kicks off in the aftermath of a failed attempt at escape. The most recent of several. No appendages were lost in this failure, and the protagonists’ frustration has an accepting, fatalistic edge. The protagonists are longtime friends, caught on this island for some time, but the author deftly skips all the backstory and jumps us right into that special kind of humor born from watching other peoples’ pain and ineptitude. Exposition creeps in naturally… along with the monkeys. This is a big plus for me, as massive expository blobs make me want to fling massive excretory? blobs. What really stuck with me with this story was its frenetic edge-of-reality scenes. If you’ve ever seen the psychadelic trip-scenes from Simpsons and Futurama – yeah, Monkey Business has parts like that, just as vivid, scenes that burst like a vomiting kaleidoscope inside my brain. The characters blur across the ragged edge of sanity as the world gets weirder and weirder around them, as if some ancient disgruntled god (probably that asshole narrator) is absently messing with them. The slippage of reality works beautifully to pull you in and keep you reading as the story gains more of a fantastical flavor. By the end of it Monkey Business has the feel of an American tall tale, with mundane reality shoved off into the wings to make room for a good story – Paul Bunyan, Pecos Bill, Big Fish, Monkey Business. Or, As Pratchett might have written: I know, I know! The Librarian was a great ape, not a monkey. Cut me some slack! I’ve never read a story like this before, and it really wowed me. Fantasy? Sure. But Fantasy so well researched it could be historical fiction. Through poetry and intrigue this story brought me on a grand adventure across a land heavily inspired by Tang Dynasty China, a culture that always seemed mysterious and thrilling to me in its complexity and sophistication, especially when compared to what was going on in Europe around the same time. So the scope is big, and well-planned, but the world is wrought effectively by keeping close to the protagonist, Shen Tai, who balances martial and poetic mindsets as he struggles with the trials that fall onto him. And there are trials. For the performance of a selfless act, a deed which he undertook for purely personal reasons, Tai is given a gift that is anything but, a present that turns him into a political firebomb. Think of it this way; if someone gave you a fusion-powered personal hovercar with unlimited range, a completely unique vehicle, you’d think it’s cool, right? But then think about what lengths every government and corporate manufacturer would go to to take it from you? Not such a good gift, eh? That happens to Tai. Kind of. But it’s horses. Really good horses, and a lot of them. That’s where the story begins. The rest of this gripping tale follows Tai’s flight and fight to stay alive as every political faction in the empire moves against each-other and against him in the upheaval his staggering gift causes. It’s a long tale, but the author’s mastery of beautiful language – simple on the face of it, layered with complexities between the lines, and always within a breath of poetry – pulls you fully into this world, makes it as real as your own. When you read this story, you’re not visiting a strange world. You’re living there, immersed in Tai’s existence, and you understand him and the people around him as well as yourself.
I am creating a oscommerce shop for a photographer selling photos with different options including frames and mounts. The customer would like a link form the product information page with options for mounts and frames in a popup page. This can be seen on this site: [url removed, login to view] and clicking on the frame it link. This should be copied as close as possible, all options choosed by the customer nust then be taken through the chekout process. If you have any questions let me know. Timescale for delivery is 14 days. 5 freelancere byder i gennemsnit $85 for dette job Hello Sir, I have seen your requirements, we have our own company www.Raystechnologies.com our company site, and we are hoping to have long relations with you.Please see PM. Thanks Kind Regards
Aussies Grill and Beach Bar Account Log in Are you new? if you don't have an account yet. By signing up for an account you will be able to quickly register and/or pay for Leagues, Tournaments, and Events through the website. Aussies Grill & Beach Bar | 306 Barton Springs Road, Austin, TX 78704 | (512) 480-0952 | Site by © Play.What.When. |
The arm lift recovery that a patient experiences can vary based on the surgical technique used, as well as other factors that are unique to the patient. Additionally, some patients choose to have arm lift surgery performed as part of a comprehensive treatment plan that not only addresses flabby arms, but also includes one or more other procedures, such as a face lift, breast enhancement, or tummy tuck. If you’re considering an arm lift on its own or in conjunction with another cosmetic procedure, you can get the information and answers you need from Dr. Daniel Greenwald, a Board-certified plastic surgeon at Bayshore Plastic Surgery in Tampa, FL. Dr. Greenwald can provide personalized advice and guidance to ensure the best possible surgical experience, arm lift recovery, and outcome for you. You’ll feel comfortable entrusting your care to Dr. Greenwald, who is recognized as one of the Best Doctors in America by the Consumers’ Research Council of America. A highly experienced plastic surgeon who emphasizes a personalized patient experience, Dr. Greenwald has performed thousands of successful arm lifts and other cosmetic procedures for patients throughout the Tampa, FL, area. With regard to postsurgical recovery, it’s important to note that every patient heals at a different rate. When you meet with Dr. Greenwald for an initial consultation, he will review your medical history, discuss your aesthetic goals, and create your personal treatment plan. He will also explain in detail what you might expect during your arm lift recovery period, and provide specific instructions on how to properly care for your surgical sites. In general, many patients find it helpful to: - Take approximately one week off from work and other obligations to rest and recover - Wear a specially designed compression garment to minimize swelling and provide support for healing tissues - Keep their arms elevated with pillows to reduce swelling - Avoid lifting and other strenuous activities for several weeks to minimize the risk of post-operative complications, such as bleeding and bruising - Take short walks frequently to increase blood circulation throughout the body, which can promote healing Of course, the pain one might experience after the procedure is very subjective, and every individual has a different tolerance level. During arm lift recovery, most patients are able to manage their discomfort with over-the-counter or prescription pain relievers. Oftentimes, the discomfort resolves within seven to ten days following surgery. Patients in the Tampa, Florida, area who are interested in learning more about arm lift surgery and recovery can call Bayshore Plastic Surgery at 1-888-840-3199.
Published: January 29, 2016, 2:00 pm There's no question; the sharing economy, where users are able to rent what they have, be it skills, a room, or a car through the Internet, has disrupted the traditional economy in the Western world. So why should businesses embrace the sharing economy, rather than fight against it? The Sharing Economy Has Always Been With Us When I was growing up, I inherited a food mill from my grandmother. My first, informal, experience with the sharing economy was when a friend posted on Facebook asking if anyone had a food mill she could borrow; she wanted to try her (Read more...
Mark your calendars. The 5th installment of the Montgomery Film Festival is coming up this month – Friday, Jan. 24 at 7:30 p.m. at the Capri Theatre. Per their Facebook page: “It’s almost here. This week, we’ll be announcing the selected short films for this year’s festival. We’ve received 53 entries for this year’s installment, more than our previous years by a wide margin. We’re still narrowing down who’ll make it into our 3-hour presentation. It’s a tough job, but somebody’s gotta do it. Stay tuned!” In other news, some filming for the upcoming horror film R.V.M. occurred yesterday. And Death to the World is in the final stages of post-production! More details on that coming soon. Be sure to like that Facebook page and you can find the creators – Foolish Henry Films – on both Facebook and Twitter. Also, things seem to be going well for the first installment of The Maxx, a fan-made web series being shot locally. Check out this shot from some of their recent filming:
The staff in the setting and I were really fascinated by the pictures of them jumping. They seemed to look so calm and so dramatic all at once. So I made some time to sit with the children looking at the pictures and reflecting on their experiences and exploring the language of leaping. I really like the way their reflections involve some real emotional literacy, Frank thinking about how his future self would feel looking at a picture of himself now, Oscar talking about how he managed his emotional state at the time, Kaleb noticing his own and the emotions of others. The comments on the pictures also reflect how much fantasy and dramatic play was going on, the acting out of characters and superhero personae and the sheer volume of imaginative language around flight and flying.
From the Wires Advanced Optical Technologies Developing Next-Generation Laser Polarimeter for Army Night-Vision Labs By: PR Newswire Nov. 15, 2012 08:46 AM ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Nov. 15, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Advanced Optical Technologies, Inc. (AOT) has been awarded a Phase 2 SBIR contract to develop a next-generation laser polarimeter for the US Army RDECOM CERDEC Night Vision and Electronic Sensors Directorate (NVESD), traditionally known as the US Army Night-Vision Labs. The polarimeter will implement AOT's state-of-the-art polarization-components techniques (PCT), which apply machine-learning algorithms to polarimeter data for remote material classification, and will overcome traditional hardware limitations to fielding a fast, compact laser polarimeter. CEO Dr. Brian G. Hoover stated, "This is an important mission for the Army and for AOT. Night Vision Labs is in fact demonstrating great vision by investing in sensor technology poised to make the jump from laboratory to field implementations. With the advances to be achieved under this program laser polarimetry will be ready to meet diverse remote material-classification needs in defense, aerospace, manufacturing, and environmental markets. Compared to passive polarimeters, which have already been fielded, active laser polarimeters provide additional information and enhanced capabilities for automated target recognition, real-time structural-health monitoring, thin-film, textile, and polymer process monitoring, and debris mapping and assessment. Laser polarimetry is complementary to multi-spectral sensing, and has similar market potential-AOT is on the verge of opening new markets for laser sensors." AOT expects to have a prototype laser polarimeter ready for NVESD field tests by mid-2014. (Approved for public release-distribution unlimited.) About Advanced Optical Technologies, Inc.: This press release was issued through eReleases® Press Release Distribution. For more information, visit http://www.ereleases.com. SOURCE Advanced Optical Technologies Latest Cloud Developer Stories Subscribe to the World's Most Powerful Newsletters Subscribe to Our Rss Feeds & Get Your SYS-CON News Live! SYS-CON Featured Whitepapers Most Read This Week
Tuesday, March 23, 2010 This and That I have been doing a lot of what Callie is doing in this picture. Over two weeks ago, I came down with a nasty cold, and I can't quite get over it. I am so very tired, to the point that I can hardly drag myself out of bed, get dressed (and all that goes with that), shuffle downstairs, do a few chores, make dinner, and collapse. This has to get better! The bridal shower invitations that I mentioned in my last post are on the stamping table. I am doing about 28 of them. The die cuts (Spellbinders Nestabilities Labels One) are finished - I discovered that I can cut three layers of thin cardstock at the same time with my Cuttlebug, and as an added bonus, they come out dry embossed! There are two sizes, so 56 in all. In order to stamp the words "Bridal Shower!" on the smaller of the die cuts, I made a template for positioning my StampaLiner (I don't even know if these are still available!), which worked very well. Similarly, I made a positioning template for my scroll stamp. Today, I hope to get a little monkey stamped on the inside - Grace loves monkeys, almost as much as she loves Anthony, and I thought it would be a cute addition to the otherwise formal invitation, something personal. Then Sarah will help me assemble the invitations. They need to be mailed by Saturday. I do apologize for the lack of pictures. I should put my camera somewhere that I can remember to take it downstairs with me. You know how it is . . . By the way, if you are not familiar with Pandora Internet Radio, you should be! It allows you to create a custom radio station, playing music that you like. I have created several stations, one that plays Christian music, and another that plays classical. If you don't like a selection, you let them know. There are brief commercials every ten or so songs, but they are unobtrusive. The TV is on a lot less in the late evening, and I am filling my thoughts with the things of the Lord before I go to bed. What a great way to go to sleep!
Blog Rocket Review – What Are Click Magnets? Internet marketing is all about traffic. If you have enough traffic to your Website or blog, you can sell anything. As I’ve mentioned before, getting traffic to your site is 90% of the work you’ll ever do in affiliate marketing. It used to be easy to get site visitors; you just needed to pepper your blog posts with the right keywords, but these days, the search engines are more selective and there’s more competition. That’s where Blog Rocket promises to step in and help you generate traffic to your site with what product creator Sean Donohoe calls “click magnets.” What he calls “click magnets” are what everyone else on the Web calls “click bait.” In short, it’s about generating titles for your articles and blog posts that are so enticing that visitors to your site or people who see links to your articles cannot help but click on them. Sites like Gawker, Huffington Post, and TMZ are notorious for creating clickbait headlines like “5 Steps to Lose Weight Instantly” or “You Won’t Believe What Miley Cyrus Did.” Yes, they’re sensational. They also work really, really well. So, what does Blog Rocket do? Read on for the full Blog Rocket review. Blog Rocket Overview Blog Rocket is an easy to use plugin for WordPress. You install it as you would any other plugin and it just takes a minute to install it and authenticate it. Once installed, Blog Rocket adds some functionality to your WordPress post editor. You can create a title as you always do, but Blog Rocket will look at the content of your title and then check a database of similar titles drawn from a number of popular sites on the Web. With that information, the plugin can offer suggestions for alternative titles that you might want to use for your post title. The Blog Rocket plugin can work in all niches, and it learns over time to see what works best for your particular audience or niche. The plugin will allow you to use multiple titles for your post and it will rotate the titles that are shown to your site visitors. Within a fairly short amount of time, you’ll be able to see the statistics for your individual titles and you’ll quickly see which one is performing the best. From that point on, you can either introduce new titles for further testing, or you can simply elect to have the one that’s performing the best shown as the only title from that point on. As Blog Rocket learns, so will you, and with practice, you’ll quickly learn which sorts of titles tend to produce the best results. That way, you’ll start writing better titles from the beginning, and you’ll start getting more traffic faster. And yes, titles do matter a lot when it comes to traffic. There are certain words that work as triggers to get people to click on links. It might be words such as “outrageous” or “incredible” or it might be a simple phrase with a number, such as “5 Ways to…” You won’t know what works best in your particular niche until you do some testing, but Blog Rocket does make it easy to choose from known high-performing phrases and test them to see what works best. Blog Rocket is sold in three versions – a single site version, and version with a license for 10 different sites and a version with a license for 30 different sites. The multi-site licenses offer a couple of minor feature enhancements, but the basic license works just fine. As with most information products offered today, there are upsells offered with Blog Rocket. One of them is something called Content Firestorm, which is another WordPress plugin that also integrates with your post editor to help you find content that’s relevant to your topic that you can use in your post. This might include photos, videos or text, and you can do a quick search and then copy and paste right into your blog post without ever leaving the page. I‘ve got to admit that I’m impressed with what Blog Rocket and the way it does it. Titles matter a lot in drawing traffic to your post and I plan to put Blog Rocket to use on this site for future posts. That said, I do have one minor caveat with Blog Rocket. The product was created by Sean Donohoe. While Sean is a good marketer, he does have a habit of sometimes producing products that are a bit buggy. He’s not always good about getting those bugs fixed, as he usually releases a product and moves on to creating his next one. While I’m not aware of any significant bugs in Blog Rocket, it’s possible that there might be one or two issues with it, based on previous experience with Sean’s products. They do have a help desk, and they do have a refund policy, so my advice is to grab Blog Rocket now and test it right away. If you have any problems with it, get them addressed now. Aside from that, the product works well and will certainly help you produce eye-catching titles in a matter of minutes. If you put one of these titles as a link on social media sites, such as Facebook or Twitter, they’ll almost certainly start to draw traffic to your site. That’s the point of Blog Rocket and it works. Blog Rocket Conclusion Few people realize just how important titles are in drawing traffic to your site. These days, with social media taking up a lot of people’s time, titles are often your only opportunity to grab someone’s attention. If the title is a good one, people will click and visit your site. If it’s not, they’ll likely ignore it and move on. Blog Rocket is a tool that makes it easy to come up with multiple titles that will work as clickbait, making it much easier to draw traffic to your Website. More traffic means more money for you, so I think Blog Rocket is a wise investment, especially since the basic license is quite affordable. Blog Rocket is recommended.
Inside the GovCon winners circle Executives, companies recognized for contributions to the government contracting industry - By Alysha Sideman - Nov 10, 2011 Each year, the government contracting industry gathers to honor its top companies and executives and each year there are surprises and special moments. The 9th annual Greater Washington Government Contractor Awards banquet on Nov. 1 was no exception. A three-time finalist finally broke through as a winner. A legend of the industry was honored as a Hall of Fame inductee. And the theme of partnership and service to the nation shone through repeatedly in acceptance speeches. The annual program is produced by the Fairfax County, Va., Chamber of Commerce, the Professional Services Council and Washington Technology. The seven winners were picked from 35 finalists and were judged on their contributions to customers, community and coworkers. What made these companies and executives rise above their peers was a dedication to customers and employees and the ability to deliver. As one winner said, "We want to take on hard work." That motivation has served these companies well. Introducing the 2011 class: Contractors of the year Executives of the year Hall of fame Public-sector partners of the year CONTRACTORS OF THE YEAR CPS Professional Services less than $25 million Providing community service and a quality workplace at the top of its priority list, CPS Professional Services LLC of Fairfax, Va., was still able to turn out outstanding financials and win a number of prominent contracts in 2010. CPS closed fiscal 2010 with more than $14.6 million in revenue, a 43 percent increase over the previous year. Contributing to its performance was a decision to consolidate offices, implement Deltek and to bring human resources in-house. In addition, the company was able to strengthen its infrastructure by building a strong program support office, ensuring regulatory compliance, creating dashboards and metrics, building an advisory board and a strong Capture and Business Development organization. For the past five years the company has worked on developing Lean Six Sigma and Continuous Process Improvement Services. This service helps CPS customers find inefficiencies to become more productive and cost effective. Some of the company’s major contract wins in 2010 included the Lean Six Sigma training support services Contract for the Transportation Security Agency, an ordering agreement within the U.S. Postal Service for Lean Six Sigma consulting and training services and the Lean Six Sigma program research, assessment, modeling and refinement contract for the Army. “We couldn't do this without our employees,” Phil Panzarella, founding principal of the company, said in accepting the award.. “This award enables us to do more in the future.” $25 million to $75 million Rapid growth and significant revenue within one company are rare, but Agilex Technologies, of Chantilly, Va. was able to accomplish both in fiscal 2010 with $63 million in revenue for a 66 percent year-over-year growth rate and a 185 percent growth rare during the past four years. It is on track to make more than $85 million in revenue in 2011. Agilex has won a number of prime contracts and is a subcontractor on a several of key projects because of the company’s customer-specific solution approach instead of focusing on staff augmentation. It offers a solution that hones in on return-on-investment, cost savings and performance. Its approach made Agilex one of the first commercial recipients of the Veterans Affairs Innovation Initiative (VAi2) contract. A Washington Technology profile in 2010 said Agilex symbolizes a new approach to government contracting, “created to provide expertise in a government IT market moving toward a skills-based, rapid-response and more commercial model.” “We are on a nice roll and this award validates everything we are trying to do as a corporation,”Vice Chairman Jay Nussbaum said in accepting the award. In 2010, the company became the first Apple Authorized Systems Integrator in the federal sector promoting use of Apple iOS devices throughout government. Systems Planning and Analysis Inc. $75 million-$300 million After several successive years of nominations this is the first win for Systems Planning and Analysis Inc. of Alexandria, Va. “What a surprise,” said Phillip Lantz, president and CEO, in accepting the award. “We’ve been a bridesmaid for three years, so my expectations weren’t high.” The company had a number of significant accomplishments in 2010, including winning its largest prime contract, a five-year, $134 million award for the Navy’s Above Water Sensors Directorate in the Program Executive Office for Integrated Warfare Systems. Another large contract awarded in 2010 was for nuclear weapons security and securing the Transit Protection Systems for the ongoing Strategic Systems Program. Other 2010 contracts included an $11 million award for manpower, personnel, training and education for OPNAV N1; a $2.5 million award in support of the Office of Naval Research’s Persistent Littoral Undersea Surveillance innovative Naval Prototype Program; a $2 million prime contract in support of the Navy SPAWARD CTO Office; a $2 million contract from the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Program Office and $1.2 million award for Missile Defense Analysis to OPNAV N86. “I founded SPA 39 years ago,” Lantz said. “I had not idea where it would go but it was an opportunity to do some important and interesting work. It has succeeded beyond my wildest dreams.” Greater than $300 million Winning top honors in the large company category was a fitting swan song for Vangent, which was acquired by General Dynamics Corp. in a cash deal on Sept. 30. Setting many records for fiscal 2010, Vangent ended the year with a record $761.8 million in total revenue, a 30 percent increase over 2009. Earnings also made records, as the company grew 35 percent to $95 million in 2010. Growth was driven by Vangent’s partnership with Lockheed Martin for the Decennial Response Integration System contract with the U.S. Census Bureau. Vangent processed almost half of the nation’s census forms. The company managed more than 2 million inbound calls from those who had questions about the forms. Many more millions of calls were made by Vangent to make sure no one was missed or counted more than once. In addition, the acquisition of Buccaneer Computer Systems and Services contributed $34.9 million in growth. The acquisition was named by Washington Technology as the best deal by a mid-size company in 2010. Serving more than 47 million Medicare beneficiaries through its 1-800-Medicare contact center and pioneering a clinical documentation tool for the county’s wounded warriors and armed forces were some other accomplishments performed in 2010. “It is a real honor to step up here and represent the 7,000 employees of Vangent,” said CEO Mac Curtis. NEXT: Executives of the year EXECUTIVES OF THE YEAR CEO of C2 Technologies Inc., less than $75 million An immigrant from India who travelled to the U.S. in her twenties to attend university, Dolly Oberoi, CEO and founder of C2 Technologies Inc., is known for her entrepreneurial spirit. She arrived in the United States with $200 in her pocket and a single backpack slung over her shoulder. She started her own company without financing or collateral. “She will be over the moon when she hears,” said Dara Nicholls, vice president of training solutions. She accepted the award on Oberoi’s behalf because she was out of the country. “She really embodies the attributes of this award – leadership, excellence and innovation. And she fosters those qualities in those around her. She’s done that for me.” C2's long-term vision of "taking education to the learners," was born out of Oberoi’s studies at the Harvard Graduate School of Education. In 2010, Oberoi guided the company to 21 percent growth and it is on-track for 25 percent growth in 2011. As C2 navigated from a small to a large business, she was instrumental in investing in research and development and diversifying into new markets. This led C2 to become one of the first companies to pioneer mobile learning solutions, including one that allows soldiers to train from anywhere remotely. By nurturing her employees’ personal and professional growth, the company has a high retention rate. Oberoi instituted special events such as a Friday breakfast prepared by managers, movie and video games nights and sports events. In addition, the staff has telework options.. President of Jorge Scientific Corp. $75 million to $300 million A contributor to more than 19 charities and local nonprofits, Chris Torti, president of Jorge Scientific Corp, puts a special emphasis on community service. Spanning Haiti to Arlington, Va., his charitable works include being the primary benefactor of a Haitian orphanage through the At-Risk Children's Foundation, tuition assistance for six local students to attend a private grade school, a supporter of a battered women's shelter and as the leader the Jorge Volunteers Program. After Haiti's earthquake Torti had the company fill more than 100 backpacks with supplies to be transported to the orphanage. In addition, Torti's volunteer program provides employee time, grants, corporate resources to all 501(C)(3) organizations initiated, led and supported by Jorge workers. This year the program gave more than $70,000 to a shelter, orphanage, refugees, children with cancer and more. Under Torti's leadership, Jorge has entered the ranks of Washington Technology's 2011 Top 100 largest government contractors. Last year, Jorge won more than $350 million in contracts and added 10 new clients. “I’m a little embarrassed to accept this award as an individual and not as a company,” he said. “I want to thank our customers for the opportunity to serve and we pledge to do better tomorrow.” President and CEO of CACI International Greater than $300 million Employees who work for Paul Cofoni, president and CEO of CACI International, have probably found themselves walking a few laps around the block with him at some point. That’s because health and wellness programs have taken a front seat under Cofoni's leadership after he suffered health problems several years ago. In addition to initiating a company wellness newsletter and a health-focused calendar, he encourages his employee to go walking by holding Walks with the CEO events. Employees can chat with him during a 20-minute walk in the community. As he’s become an advocate for healthier workforces he’s also become chairman of the American Heart Association’s 2009 Start! Heart Walk and he is working on AHA's fundraising events. Cofoni believes the workplace should be an incubator for ideas and encouragement for all employees and as a result he has implemented programs such as the Innovation Forum, the Leadership Network and a Mentoring Program.CACI's culture of openness led its receiving the Ethisphere Institute's Best Overall Government Ethics Program award. Under Cofoni, CACI's revenues totaled a record $3.15 billion in fiscal 2010 and $913 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2011. In addition, the company moved from 16 to 14 on Washington Technology's 2011 Top 100 Contractors list. “This is an amazing industry,” he said in accepting the award. “I love the combat and competition we have and I think it generates better solutions for our clients who have the most important mission in the world.” NEXT: Hall of fame HALL OF FAME Founder, Science Applications International Corp. Robert Beyster founded Science Applications International Corp. in 1969 and grew the company to nearly $7 billion in annual revenue by the time he retired in 2004. Each year, the company turned a profit, his daughter Mary Ann Beyster said in accepting the award for her father. But it wasn’t just the growth that set SAIC apart, she said, “it was the unconventional way he built the company.” Beyster built SAIC as an employee-owned company. He fostered entrepreneurship among the employees and encouraged the company to take on tough problems, she said. NEXT: Public-sector partners PUBLIC-SECTOR PARTNERS OF THE YEAR Deputy associate executive director Veterans Affairs Office of Acquisition Operations Michele Foster, deputy associate executive director, Veterans Affairs Office of Acquisition Operations, was recognized with one of two Public Sector Partner of the Year awards. She was honored for her work in developing partnerships with industry through advanced planning briefings. She frequently holds face-to-face meetings with companies, including large and small businesses. Foster also is a strong advocate for sharing information as a tool for making better procurements and building better partnerships. In accepting her award, she said she keeps her focus on what she and her office can do to better serve the troops. Administrator of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy In accepting his award, Dan Gordon, administrator of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy, said he has focused his work on rebalancing the contractor-government relationship. But his emphasis is not on moving contractors out. Instead he has focused on building better partnerships. He was honored for his commitment to open dialogue and debate and his practice of reaching out to industry and government for input and ideas. Gordon, who was OFPP administrator for about two years, recently accepted the position of associate dean at George Washington University law school.
More than a shirt an experience defined by feel-it-to-believe-it softness. One wear is all it takes before you're hooked. Crafted in exclusive Seventeeen.5 New Zealand Merino wool. Seamed detailing at the shoulders and hips, and button plackets at the wrists, lend subtle tailored flair. Long sleeves. Relaxed fit. Wide scoop neck. Weight: 6.68. Sewn in USA. Washable.
To make it easy to purchase, you just need to register with your e-mail address and a password of your choice, in on the top menu, or during the checkout stage.If you are a returning customer simply re-enter your email address and password to continue your shopping. All CREDIT CARD details will be handled securely by PAYPAL. If you wish you can place your order by phone In Australia (02) 9906 2244 Outside Australia +61 2 9906 2244
Bet was at Mascot Airport Where many have been before And she chanced to see a weighing machine Which gave a compelling score. Not only did it show the weight But it added information, Such as the colour of one's hair And one's future destination. Bet stood upon the weighing machine And read the card it spat-out, Saying, with wonder, to herself 'How did it work that out?' The card reported 'You are blonde; Sixty K's you weigh, And you're off to visit your Mum in Perth. Goodbye! Have a nice day!' Bet was completely mystified For every bit was true! Feeling duped and sceptical She decided what to do. 'If I disguise myself' she thought, 'And use the machine again, I bet it doesn't get it right! We'll see who's silly then!' So she bought dark glasses for her eyes, And a wig, deep chestnut brown And she bought new clothes and carried her case Which really weighed her down. She went into the Ladies' Room And made the transformation. She emerged a totally different Bet Into the busy station. Once more she crossed the platform, And stood on the machine, Knowing she didn't look like Bet, More like a Sue or Jean. She put her coin in the slot, To see what the card would say, But when she read this message She fainted right away! It said 'You're blonde and sixty Ks! With a very little brain! I've made an alteration..... You've just missed your plane!' Another travel horror-story here:
Airbnb Cancellation Policy -- Fraud Alert Update by user Sep 13, 2016 I am unable to get the website to accept the images of the communications from Mr. Amin and Airbnb referred to in my earlier update. If an administrator will contact me to help, I will try to do so as soon as possible. Update by user Sep 13, 2016 As indicated by comment by Mr.Amin and the note from Airbnb, the situation remains unresolved. Attached are images of messages I received from Facebook and Mr. Amin acknowledging that my offer was to reserve the home for a party of five. I continue to believe that it is clear that Mr. Amin never accepted this offer, so that no contract was ever formed, and the proper resolution is for us to part company, having failed to agree, with our funds being returned to us. My credit card company advises that Airbnb insists that I cancelled and that they are unable to do anything further, while Airbnb says they cannot consider a refund because I have disputed the charge. I am hopeful that they will again review and reconsider.Until then, our advice remains the same: We are continuing to pursue our remedies but our advice to others remains as originally posted -- do not use Airbnb, if you do, do not use their instant booking option, and do not do business with Mr.Amin. Update by user Aug 30, 2016 Airbnb continues to deny a refund and claim, unreasonably, that I entered into an enforceable contract to rent Mr.Amin's four-bedroom home by myself, rather than for a party of five as made clear in a communication that he acknowledged, and in which he indicated that he did not want to rent to us because we were travelling with a dog. His subsequent reversal purporting to "accept" my "offer" to rent for one person and a dog (and threatening to call the police if I appeared with any other person) was clearly undertaken solely for the purpose of allowing him to keep nearly $1,300 of the money we had deposited in good faith. We are continuing to pursue our remedies but our advice to others remains as originally posted -- do not use airbnb, if you do, do not use their instant booking option, and do not do business with Mr.Amin. Original review posted by user Aug 14, 2016 AIRBNB SCAM WARNING. Do not use airbnb. If you do, do not use the instant booking feature on airbnb, do not book with hosts who have a "strict cancellation" policy, and do not book with "David Amin" in Santa Monica ("5 stars 4 Beds 2 Bath & A WHOLE BUNCH OF FUN") -- he is a ripoff artist whom airbnb allows to use their system to defraud customers. Last month, my wife and I, retirees on a fixed income now living abroad, attempted to reserve an airbnb home in Santa Monica, California for ourselves and three friends for five nights as an alternative to staying in a hotel while in Los Angeles for our bon voyage party. Because we were making the booking on short notice we used the airbnb website's instant booking feature, effectively paying the entire $2,000 plus asking price for the home up-front. We had specified "pet friendly" as a required amenity because we were travelling with our dog (a well-behaved 10 lb Chihuahua mix), and sent a message to the owner, "David Amin," via the airbnb site shortly after receiving confirmation of the booking in which we described the number of people in the party (5) and emphasized the fact that we were travelling with our dog. David responded that he did not want the dog in his home. Airbnb then contacted us and said that, since the listing had indicated that the property was pet friendly, our money would be refunded if he would not accomodate the dog, but that they were working with him. Then the wheels came off. The original booking for the three bedroom home had apparently been shown as being for one (1) person plus a dog. Although we had communicated with David and received a follow up confirmation from airbnb correcting the error and showing that we were a party of five, David took the position that the reservation was for only one, and that he was entitled to keep the entire amount of our payment if we were unwilling to stay in the home on those terms. In communicating this to us he noted that there were cameras on the property and literally threatened to send the police to remove us if we arrived with more than one person. After a day of back and forth and several phone calls with different airbnb representatives, the company, to our horror, effectively took David's side -- refunding only $700 and saying he was entitled to keep the remaining $1,300 unless I stayed in the three bedroom home by myself. I have emailed Brian Chesky, airbnb's founder, who posts his address on line (presumbably for exactly this kind of thing) but have had no response. We have disputed the charge on our credit card and are hoping American Express will help us out, but feel that it is appropriate to use social media to make sure that others do not fall into the same trap. Reviewer is in unhappy mood. user63355377 stated that there is a room for improvement of poor customer service and could not trust host. Please immediately contact the author of this review to discuss "service not provided, deposit not refunded" of airbnb house rental and associated monetary loss in the amount of $1300. Airbnb needs to issue a full refund according to poster's claims.
Date(s) - 06/12/2016 10:30 am - 3:30 pm Railtown 1897 SHP Popular steam-powered excursion train rides are offered on Saturdays behind Sierra No. 3™ (also known as the “Movie Star Locomotive”) and on Sundays behind a historic diesel locomotive. With departures at 10:30 a.m., noon, 1:30 p.m. and 3 p.m., weekend train ride guests enjoy a memorable six-mile, 45-minute round trip ride along the rails of the famous “Movie Railroad.” Train ride tickets are $15 for adults, $10 for youths ages 6-17, and kids five and under are free. In addition to weekend excursion train rides, diesel train rides will be offered on Wednesdays at 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. throughout the summer season (July 6 through August 31). Because the schedule is subject to change with expanded service on holiday weekends, etc., visitors are encouraged to call 209-984-3953 or visit www.railtown1897.org for updated information.
Chevron Blue – Flickering Moments Candle & Gifts Designs presents this striking Baptism candle. This beautiful hand designed Baptism candle includes a blue and white chevron wrap and features a cross and a crystal oval embellishment. The candle is finished with navy and yellow ribbon trim. This candle is perfect for any occasion and can be customised to suit. Sizing options for this design are: - Medium – 15cm x 7cm - Large – 20cm x 7cm Price: Large $55 Medium $38 To buy this as a Set (that includes godparent candles) just contact us directly or complete order forms for each candle.
How High Fructose Corn Syrup Affects Your Brain Health It’s no secret, especially within the last 10-15 years that high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) is not good for a healthy body. Unfortunately, the pitfall is that it is still found in so many foods. Most of us know that we will find HFCS in soda, candies and baked goods. But, many don’t realize it’s hidden in foods we might least expect like spaghetti sauce, yogurt, some breads, canned fruits and ketchup. It is estimated that the average American consumes about 27 pounds of HFCS a year. We humans love our sweets and there is nothing wrong with that. Who doesn’t enjoy delighting in a hearty scoop of their favorite ice cream on a hot summer day or celebrating their birthday with a piece of cake? The health problems begin to occur when special treats become an everyday indulgence. We know that HCFS is one of the leading causes of obesity and Type 2 Diabetes (genetics being another) in the United States. What is not well-known is that obesity and Type 2 Diabetes have a negative effect on our brain health. Those with diabetes have almost twice as much risk as those without to develop Alzheimer’s disease and dementia. Our brains are fueled by sugar and it consumes about 25% of the blood in our body. Be that as it may, brain function is going to suffer if blood sugars are higher than they should be. High blood sugar, or hyperglycemia can cause inflammation of blood vessels which results in reduced blood flow to the brain. This inflammation will also inhibit the neurotransmitters from doing their job: Communicating information throughout our bodies. Without proper brain function, we find it difficult to think quickly and react. It becomes a challenge to remember things and think logically. Emotionally, we might become irritable and depressed. Without proper brain communication, our other organs may begin to feel the effects. This starts on account of a diet with too much sugar. In conclusion, diets high in HFCS may lead to obesity, which may lead to Type 2 Diabetes, which may lead to significant cognitive decline. It is important to note that those who manage their diabetes and maintain a healthy balanced diet can greatly reduce their risk of cognitive decline. However, with this knowledge, these complications can be avoided. Limiting foods with HFCS at the onset is a safer and less risky plan.
Read about the experiences and ideas of Agile colleagues around the world, and share your own thoughts here. You can also visit , which features blogs by experts in the fields of Scrum, Agile, and the broader business world. 2/16/2016 by Eve Reed-Hill When feedback is a waste of time, those in the session tend to feel rejected, defeated, and hopeless. How do we create a healthy feedback session? Through engagement. Activity-based retrospectives will bring the team life and energy. 2/16/2016 by Raghu Challapilla It may seem odd to discuss spiritual leadership here, but spirituality in the context of this article means to fully connect with oneself and realize one's deepest expression of being. 2/15/2016 by Saad Ali Jan Test automation is key to Agile development. And being on an Agile team means that we are always addressing these questions: How far should we automate? What should not be included? How quickly can we develop, test, and deliver? 2/12/2016 by Alhad Akole In looking at a series of team retrospectives, the data told me that the same issues were resurfacing after every other sprint. That is when I realized that the team should have a Retrospective of Retrospectives. 2/12/2016 by Rasmus Kaae People who work with horses make better leaders, according to a Swedish study. I've found this to be true in my handling of Scrum teams, and here's why. 2/11/2016 by Rumesh Wijetunge An issue with most IT project teams is that they jump into solution implementation without proper planning. I would like to discuss an important responsibility of a ScrumMaster and a best practice to ensure that proper planning is done. 2/11/2016 by Leandro Pilati We have tried the Three Amigos planning process (as shared in an earlier member article), and here I'd like to share my thoughts about it, including how we are using it and what areas we have modified for our team. 2/10/2016 by Amit Maheshwari We all agree with the importance of architects for coming up with logical, physical, and application architecture. However, I have yet to see a team that has a fully committed architect. 2/10/2016 by Ryan Jenkins Transitioning to Agile is as much about organizational change, empowering your teams, and a mindset shift as it is about changing the way your teams do their day-to-day work. There are a few things that will help you, as a manager, through this transition. 2/9/2016 by Srinivasan Krishnamoorthi I worked in a program recently wherein part of the work was done in Waterfall and the other part was done in Agile. Here are the problems we quickly ran into.
By Gloria Mwaniga. I first read this winning story on august 1st 2012. Even then, it did strike me as a typical African story. This was because of two reasons; first, I August 1st was the 30th anniversary for the Coup attempt on the Moi government of 1982 and secondly Kiss TV was running a rather interesting series on the Nyayo house torture victims and focusing on the chief torturer; one James Opiyo. The coup attempt is what is believed to have transformed the then Kenyan president from a cool president following Jomo Kenyatta’s nyayo to a wild and ruthless dictator who sent people to the cold, dark and quite frightening chambers of the Nyayo house if they dared to show open defiance or even when they were deemed to have hidden agendas. The Torturer in chiefs’ story of retirement and unceremonious relocation back to his rural home of Rongo; together with most of the the Nyayo house victims’ rather un-heroic existence till today sort of blend in with the Bombay Republic Short story. The story starts on a rather optimistic note with the author introducing us to one Sergeant Bombay a veteran who had come back from the world war. He comes back to his district that is ruled by a District Officer who is white. At that point, I had expected that having seen the world and with a thinking outside the box, Bombay would end up swaying loyalties’ from the mzungu to himself and hence become an undisputed war hero who led his people to the paradise called freedom. I even dared to think that the story would turn out like the infamous Nigerian Biafran war where Ojuka starts a revolution against the incumbent leaders and either wins or dies (Forget the running off to another country bit). However, the writer Rotimi Babatunde slowly builds up this character in the traditional heroic fashion when he gets posted to a combat unit and later promoted to a sergeant; strangely enough, the war suddenly comes to an unwelcome end even before our new hero gets a chance to prove his art of war. However, the reader is kept optimistic as Bombay has been exposed to the world and we watch amidst baited breath, for him to show his Moses-like savior traits. Back at his home town, the air is full of euphoria with the nationalists getting bolder and criticizing the colonial government as they gathered in the evenings for animated discussions zealously quoting Gandhi and Du Bois. Bombay, who was expected to be a part of this revolution, was busy elsewhere telling jinni stories to wide eyed children. The strange man then moves to an old jailhouse where he is immersed in a utopia of his own making in his newly independent state of Bomby. In a rather un-heroic ending of the story, Bombay is considered a sleeping dog that should be let to lie by his DC. The humor filled and unpredictable plot give this story quite an unexpected twist even as this man; who refused to pay hut tax because he lives in a stone house and not a hut; is described by one local columnist as Colour Sergeant Bombay, war hero and perpetual president who was loved by all the citizens of his Peoples Republic of Bombay. The story leaves one with a sort of emptiness that is all too familiar in Kenya. Having happily gotten our uhuru, we looked forward to the promise that the new learned wananchi would bring on the table. These expectations were later to be shrouded as Kenyans watched incredibly as the same leaders assassinated each other, stole country resources and punished those who dared speak out. Like Bombay, they speedily forgot the real reason they had an upper hand was to pull others out of the darkness but instead, the leaders engage in self-satisfying, get-rich quick corruption deals in a country where most leaders still hope to stay in office until death finally unseats them. This they do as they brand themselves vijana and hopelessly try to tweet their way into the real vijana’s hearts.
Spider Solitaire Classic by MobilityWare iOS Universal Games The classic Spider Solitaire card game you played on Windows™ is now available to play on your Apple device! MobilityWare is the ORIGINAL maker of Spider Solitaire with Daily Challenges. We’re constantly updating Spider Solitaire to include fun new features! NEW THEMES: Spider Solitaire now has three beautiful new themes for you to play with! Choose from Spring, Rainy Day and New Year’s themes as your new background and card back. DAILY CHALLENGES: each day you’ll receive a Daily Challenge. Solve the Daily Challenge and receive a crown for that day. Earn trophies each month by winning more crowns! We have implemented card highlighting which will make it easier for you to see where possible moves may be! A subtle but great new way to receive a hint! Spider Solitaire has the same high standards and polished gameplay you’ve come to expect from the makers of the #1 free Solitaire game! Download now, and relive the familiar card game you know and love with the best Windows™ Spider Solitaire in the app store. Also known as Spiderette or Spiderwort, Spider Solitaire is an extremely popular variant of Solitaire that will puzzle your brain for hours of endless fun! Your goal is to place all the cards in each suit in stacks of descending suit sequence. Weave your way as a beginner through 1 and 2 suit games and move up in difficulty as you attempt to tackle 3 and 4 suit games and become a true Spider Solitaire master! == Spider Solitaire Features == • NEW Beautiful Themes • Daily Challenges • Stunning animations • Flawless graphics and classic interface • 1 suit game (easiest) • 2 suit game • 3 suit game • 4 suit game (most difficult) • Card Highlighting • Winning Deals that guarantee at least one winning solution • Unrestricted Deal allows player to deal cards even with empty slots • Unlimited undo option and automatic hints • Track your Spider Solitaire statistics • Tips for winning • Custom pictures for card backs and backgrounds • Tap to move for quick gameplay • Right hand or left hand play • Landscape or portrait view • Customized settings to suit your taste LIKE US on Facebook Questions? Comments? Concerns? We would love to hear from you! Reach us at http://www.mobilityware.com/support.php Spider Solitaire is created and supported by MobilityWare. If you’re enjoying Solitaire, please take a few seconds to give us a review! MODERN CARD FONT We’ve added a new card font, Modern, that is easier to read on smaller screens!
Published on September 27th, 2013 | by Katherine Clover1 Katherine DM Clover on POSTPONING MOTHERHOOD We are having one of those long, agonizing, torturous, conversations about it, when she says the thing that makes my heart leap into my throat. We keep circling back over the same points, how we met right after I swore off dating in order to focus on what I really wanted out of life – a baby – and how she never wanted kids until she met me. We both feel like we’ve come a long way, and we are both afraid. She’s afraid of going too fast, but I’m afraid of going so slow that I’m not moving at all anymore and everything stops and my uterus shrivels up and fall out because I totally read once that that can happen. Then she says it. I always knew I’d have at least one kid by the time I was twenty-five. I knew it the same way I knew I would eventually shave my head, the same way I knew that I would become more radical as I aged instead of less. How did I know? Well, there were a few reasons: 1. I dated male bodied people in my late teens and for awhile after that. While I was dating these people, I also had sex with them. Like, penis-in-vagina sex. I can’t take birth control pills, and sure we used condoms, but I mean, c’mon! 2. My mom had her first kid three days before her 21st birthday, and isn’t young motherhood generationally catching? 3. I was one of “those girls”, always talking about kids and what it would be like to have them, endlessly discussing pregnancy and childbirth way before it was even remotely on the table. When a friend from High School got knocked up in graduate school, she expressed surprise because we both “always expected that I would go first.” 4. Laura, the first radical, illegal-loft-living, lady plumber, single mom, totally punx, lady I ever idolized was thirty when I met her, and her kid was five. The kid’s dad wasn’t involved because he lived in a commune in Nebraska, and I just couldn’t wait until MY future kid’s dad would move several states away to find himself. When I was dating male bodied people, I always sat them down and explained my position on accidental conception, should it happen. That position was roughly “So I am pro-choice, but if I get pregnant I am keeping that baby and probably breaking up with you and if you even SUGGEST termination I will hit you in the teeth so hard.” But it never happened. The condoms held up, every single one. Menstruation came on as regular as ever, you could set your watch by my uterus (though I suppose there are several other options in the modern world that might be more convenient to you). I remember once I was three days late, and I went into full pregnancy-scare mode. When the blood came on the fourth day, I was a bit relieved (my boyfriend had some pretty serious anxiety issues and I was working a minimum wage job) but I was too embarrassed to admit that I was also disappointed. As I grew up and got to know myself, I realized more and more how queer I was, and I started chasing ladies pretty exclusively. At 25 I was unattached and broke. I had two cats, two roommates, two jobs I hated, and no baby. I met my first serious girlfriend at a dance party. I was trying to learn how to loosen up, which is a pretty way to say I was drunk. We danced together all night, and I liked her right away. She was exactly my type. She lived in my neighborhood. She also told me pretty early on that she didn’t want kids, but I pursued a relationship anyways because, well, all the normal reasons people pursue relationships, I guess. I liked her right away. She was exactly my type. She lived in my neighborhood. I was lonesome. When she broke up with me she said “I think we both know we’re not long-term compatible.” And I said “What the fuck does that even MEAN?” But I knew what it meant. She might want to move to Paris someday, or California, or Spain. She wanted to have a fun adventurous life. She thought a pet bunny was probably too much responsibility. And me? I had a used copy of “Your Baby’s First Year” on my bookshelf. I tried, feebly, to change her mind. When they didn’t work, I got my third cat. Six months later, I swore off dating. I was sick of pursuit, sick of crushes, sick of chasing ideas and skirts. I found myself trolling okcupid looking for wild and crazy girls, and solid steady dependable career women, not really sure why I wanted either. So I just stopped. I didn’t go to the New Years Eve Party that year (I found out after the fact that if I had gone I would have seen my future wife there). Instead I went to my best friend’s studio apartment and drunkenly cut my hair. Then I walked home feeling clean – I was done with liquor and women, I wanted to be a mom. Two weeks later I went on my first date with Chelsea. I told her right away, I am going to try to get pregnant this year, so maybe I can’t get too involved. She listened quietly and told me she might be leaving to go the mountains in a few months anyways. This is not the story of how we fell in love, although we did. She was everything I would have been looking for if I hadn’t stopped looking. The shy, impossible cat took to her right away. We held hands a lot. Things got serious. Then we entered into a series of painful discussions. Could she date someone who was trying to become a mother? How would pregnancy change our relationship? Could I put my energy into someone who might not be involved once The Baby arrived? Should we just cut our losses now? How would I feel if I put our plans on hold for her and then we broke up? I can not emphasize enough how difficult all of this was, for both of us. Eventually the only decision we could make, if we wanted to be together long term (and we absolutely both did) was to have The Baby together. I think we had been dating three months, and the circumstances really forced us to admit to each other, at a time when we might have preferred to pretend to be “cool” or “casual”, that we were both really crossing our fingers for a lifelong partnership. It was terrifying. A lot has changed since then, and as is often the way it’s sometimes hard to put my finger on exactly when things changed. Chelsea and I live together, and at the time of this writing our wedding (no, it’s not legal) is two weeks away. At some point, we stopped talking about “The Baby” and started talking about “Our Baby”, and there is no lack of discussion about this future-human. Last year she got me a stack of mama zines for my birthday. One thing that hasn’t changed though, is the discussions about timing. She’s still younger than I am, she’s still more recently warmed up to the idea of parenting, she’s still nervous about loss of sleep and autonomy. I, on the other hand, somehow escape my chronic pessimism whenever the idea of an infant enters into my mind. We will be poor, queer, artists together. And we will have a baby. What could be better? And while I know trying to get knocked up right now is absolutely nuts, I look at pictures of pregnant queers in wedding dresses and my ovaries ache. The thing about being the one who is ready first is, that if we are being totally honest (and we try to be) “waiting for both of us to be ready” really means “waiting for her to be ready.” I am secure in the fact that we will do this together – there are no ‘if’s, but there are quite a few ‘when’s. I’m terrified of infertility. Every time we talk about waiting I can’t help but think about my own mother, told by the doctors that she was done having kids at the tender age of twenty three. I know our situations are peas and carrots; my mother’s body had been damaged by several extremely hard pregnancies, but still I worry. I clutch my stomach and I worry. We keep talking about it, it does not end. I’d like to make this pretty, and pretend that the conclusion I’m working towards here is the end of this conversation, but it is not. Just last week I sobbed into a glass of port about my maternal fears and my guilt that I might be rushing my lovely partner just a little. But to circle back, to come back around to that conversation that I started all of this with, one night we were talking about all of this and it was not a happy chat. I was gripped by all of those pesky fears. Finally I said the thing that we both know I am always thinking but I don’t always voice. “What if we wait and it’s too long and I can’t carry our baby?” My voice cracked with the tears that I knew were coming. And she says, “If you can’t, then I will carry our baby.” And I know I will wait for her, even if it is hard. All photos are by Lydia Daniller and are not of the author. Learn more about Lydia’s work and contact her here.
Well, folks... today is the Friday before Christmas, so you know what that means. Hollywood is shutting down for the holidays and lots of you are starting your Christmas vacations! Things are going to be pretty slow over the next week or two, so we may not check in every day, but we’ll try to drop by if there anything worth reporting for you guys. You never know. And we’ll have some reviews for you too. Speaking of which, we’ve just added no less than 12 Blu-ray Disc reviews into the new site’s database, including a pair of music titles in Sting: Bring on the Night and The Police: Certifiable, a couple of fine catalog titles in the form of Forrest Gump, Rocky Balboa and Outbreak, a mess of Dr. Jahnke’s horror reviews including Audition, Children of the Corn, Child’s Play, Book of Blood and The Blood Trilogy, and finally a pair of great holiday titles including White Christmas and – or course – It’s a Wonderful Life. What would the Christmas season be without those last two? [Read on here...]
If you just got a new acoustic guitar and want to learn how to best take care of your instrument, here are a few useful tips. Let's face it. It's not too difficult to learn how to play acoustic guitar. That's why there are so many guitars bought each and every year. However, it's takes something else to actually become a pro at it. And it's not just about learning to play. You also need some information regarding the instrument itself and how to take care of it. Most acoustics are made of wood and are usually hollow. They are sensitive to changes in weather, such as extreme heat or extreme cold. It's very easy for parts of the guitar to warp or otherwise get damaged depending on how you store it and what it has to deal with on a daily basis. Remember the old cassette tape and how it would warp into a useless mess if left on the back seat of your car on a sunny day. One of the major necessities for a guitar is a good enclosure. It really should be water resistant and also provide protection from heat. Black cases will absorb heat more than lighter colored cases, so remember that when selecting one for your guitar. There are soft shell cases and hard shell cases. In most situations, I would endorse the hard shell case unless you can't afford it. Guitar strings are sensitive to environmental changes as well. Note how quickly guitars go out of tune, especially if you put on a new set of strings? The neck of your guitar will give and let go depending on the type of strings you use, and if you decide to use a particular gauge of string, it's probably the best thing you can do, as the shock of going from one gauge of string to another isn't good for your guitar. Also, don't take all the strings off your guitar at once, as that might cause warping of the neck. Change your strings one at a time, as that will keep the tension on the guitar neck at a constant level. If you can, it's a great idea to have at a minimum two guitars, a beater you use for practice and another that you use for performances. Your practice guitar doesn't have to be wonderful, something in the hundred dollar price range. You should't have to replace the strings on it as much as the guitar you use for performances. When cleaning your guitar, don't use water or furniture polish. Just use a soft cloth and wipe the dust. Try to not wipe so hard that you affect the finish of your guitar. And don't go crazy. Your guitar should have its own natural character, and the way to let it do this is letting it get used and worn in a normal fashion. For more information, click HERE Other Sites of Interest Acoustic Guitar Tips Catherine Zeta Jones My View On Things Cheap Auto Insurance Cheap Places to Live Easy Wood Projects Free Sheet Music Funny Clean Jokes Improve Your Credit Ivory Tower Group Quality Dating Advice Who Are The Beatles
My name is Erin Briggs, I work for Point Hope, which is a non-profit organization founded in 2004 by syndicated radio host Delilah. I am contacting you to inform you about the “Teenista”, a one-day event for young women in foster care. On December 15, 2012, Point Hope, through the “Points of Hope” program, is hosting our 3rd Annual “Teenista”. The Annual Point Hope Teenista allows 25 foster girls between the ages of 13 to 18 to have a day filled with the fun of being pampered, while also being mentored and encouraged. These girls will have the opportunity to: shop for a new wardrobe, receive a haircut or a new hair style, get a makeover and learn makeup tips to accent their natural beauty, shop for Christmas gifts to give to friends and family which they will wrap and take home with them, be served an elegant dinner while seated at beautiful, uniquely decorated table, interact with people who have volunteered for the day to offer encouragement, empowerment, motivation, praise, and words of hope, and so much more. This day will not solve any long-term problems, but it will challenge the girls and the volunteers to be aware that none of us should be restricted by our circumstances, but we are responsible for our choices. Point Hope strives to be a voice for forgotten children everywhere; Point Hope was established to assist children and their families—beginning with families in a refugee camp in Ghana, West Africa, from whom Delilah received an email plea of assistance in December 2003. But Delilah’s interest in helping children began long before receiving that email; by 2003, Delilah had already been a long-time foster parent and had adopted four children out of the foster care system in the state of Washington. This passion was passed on to the programs of Point Hope; our “Points of Hope” are established to include support for foster children in America. I am writing you in the hope that you may be aware of girls who could benefit from a day filled with pampering and encouragement. If you do not have direct contact with any foster girls who could benefit, perhaps you would be willing to assist with getting the news out about this event on any calendars, blogs, etc., where social workers or care providers would be able to see it and apply on behalf of some young ladies in their areas. Another way to spread the news is for you to contact any other agencies that work with foster girls and share our invitation for girls 13-18 years of age to come be blessed on December 15th, beginning at 11:00 a.m. through 7:00 p.m. at the Port Orchard Pavilion in downtown Port Orchard. I would be grateful for the agencies’ information in anticipation of getting the message out and being able to pamper a few deserving young ladies—in fact, if you want to pass the contact person’s information along to me, I’d be glad to reach out to those persons myself. We have an online application for social workers or care providers to fill out on behalf of an eligible young lady. Please go to http://pointhope.org/what-we-do/programs-at-home/teenista/ for more information about the Teenista and to find the Teenista Participant Referral Application Form. Thank you for taking the time to act on this and to offer hope in partnership with the Teenista event. Office Manager & Domestic Program Coordinator PO Box 8623 Port Orchard, WA 98366
There's that tipsy fairy at the top again! I love my old Woolworth's tree, lots of tinsel and a string of vintage lights. It's bringing so much comfort right now. Today has been a course of events that I could never had imagined this morning. A neighbor's visitor falling on the slope outside our houses. Waiting for the emergency services. Trying to provide comfort and warmth. The amazing coincidence of a passing RAF helicopter rescue pilot, in his car, who worked with the first responder and calmly took control of the situation. Sometimes when things happen, absolutely the right people have been placed in position to help. Four years ago on Christmas Day I fell over and broke my leg. A tale for another time, but basically I was walking my dog, it was getting dark and frosty when I slipped over. I was on my own, although a car stopped. I remember how cold and shocked I felt on the floor. It felt good to be able to help in a way that I understood was needed and re-assuring to see it being handled in such a professional way. The patient is safe and warm in hospital now, but he will need an operation on his hip and wrist tomorrow.
But no way does that mean you copy others, or lose your own sense of identity or voice to please other people. Some strategy will fascinate people, while others won’t. It’s just the way in every field – you’ll not always hit the bull’s eye and don’t feel bad about it. Give your best shot and leave everything for your readers. See what excites people and use that key information to improve online user experience. Here are few simple guides to establish your reputation online: Know Your Audience The first step towards building a strong online reputation is to figure out the people whom you’ll write for, whom you’ll offer your services and products, because after all, they’re the ones who will help provide a feedback whether you’re doing it right or going wrong. So, before you even publish anything on your site, do an in-depth research on your target audience, their wants and needs, and think of ways how you can provide them exactly that. Knowing your audience means looking at their buying behaviors, where they’re located, and what they are talking about. Develop a Voice Establishing a formidable online reputation requires you develop a unique voice and maintain it. Your readers and potential customers visit your site to read information you have published there and they want to learn more about you. So, how would you like to present yourself to them? Friendly? Entertaining? Interesting? Insightful? Developing your own voice is crucial to establish a strong online reputation. Dare to be Different There are already million of blogs competing with each other for the same niche, or same set of topics, and following them is just like becoming one of them. Not only it will rob your freedom to share your unique skills and experience you bring on the table, but you’ll soon start to see yourself settling for mediocrity. On the other hand, when you tend to be different from other people, you’ll naturally be yourself and original. This way, you’ll separate yourself from the crowd. People want different and honest opinions on things. Stand up and raise your voice and be heard! Be unique because no one can be like you. Write Quality Content Quality content means lot of things to different people. Quality content is well-written, solves a particular problem, and encourages people to do certain things. Make sure to include keywords at appropriate places to make it search engine friendly and make it easy to read. Proof read at least once before you publish. Become an Industry Expert If you want to establish a formidable reputation online, you’ll have to become expert at your niche, or aim to be one. Well, you cannot hope to get a industry expert by posting few blogs around general topics, or what others are usually writing about. You’ll have to cover each and every topic (it’s not a rule of thumb, but just a suggestion) so that you know about everything. Publish helpful content, comment on queries, offer solutions, and engage your clients with fresh and unique content, once a while.
We have yet to visit every watering hole in this country, which is why, every year, this magazine updates you on the ones we can attest to lately. This year, drinks correspondent and all-around cocktail expert David Wondrich used the occasion to visit a city that, by his own admission, he'd neglected since childhood: Milwaukee, our new Bar City of the Year. And he and others made it out to more great places everywhere from Miami to Cleveland. See the full list, with complementary writing and wisdom (including Tom Junod's run-in with mobsters and rules for playing bar dice), and then go get yourself a cocktail. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below More from Esquire:
A New Jersey man was in critical condition today after repeatedly stabbing himself with a 12-inch knife and throwing his intestines at police. HACKENSACK, N.J. — A New Jersey man was in critical condition today after repeatedly stabbing himself with a 12-inch knife and throwing his intestines at cops. Wayne Carter, who has a history of psychiatric problems, had barricaded himself inside his Hackensack, N.J., home when the gruesome event took place late Sunday, The Record reported Tuesday. Police were called to the house after the 43-year-old was spotted cutting himself with the knife. When they arrived at the scene, Carter refused to drop the weapon and began waving it — along with a hammer — at the officers. He then repeatedly stabbed himself in the legs, abdomen and neck. Hackensack Police Lt. Timothy Lloyd told the Cliffview Pilot, "They tried to talk him down, but they were having no luck. He was slashing at them with the knife." When he began throwing pieces of skin and intestines at the officers, they called in the Bergen County Police Department's SWAT team, Lloyd said. By the time they arrived, Carter's intestines were "literally" hanging out of his body, an unnamed police official told the Pilot. "The scene was a bloody mess," the official said. "The SWAT team members had to be decontaminated due to the amount of blood." Carter was eventually disarmed after being sprayed with two cans of pepper spray and was rushed to the hospital, where he underwent emergency surgery early Monday.
Your country residence in the heart of classic tuscany. Le Valli is the prefect location to visit all that Classic Tuscany has to offer, giving you access to coveted cultural tradition. Relax by the pool, enjoy a long lazy lunch on the terrace, reading in the secret garden, painting or Italian lessons, then join us for dinner before retiring to your apartment. Fashioned from an 18th century farmhouse, Le Valli has been lovingly restored to provide apartments offering privacy in a truly authentic Tuscan setting. Set within mature gardens, swimming pool, restaraunt, terraces, balconies and over 12 acres of unspoilt Tuscan landscape with views to Volterra in the distance. We look forward to seeing you soon. - Swimming Pool - Business centre
While President Trump has made international headlines for his attempt to temporarily ban refugees and residents of some Muslim-majority nations, one of Washington’s closest allies has instituted a travel ban of its own. Earlier this week, Israeli lawmakers approved a law barring supporters of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, known as BDS, from entering Israel. The BDS movement is an international campaign to pressure Israel to comply with international law and respect Palestinian rights. The Israeli parliament voted to ban non-Israelis from entering the country if they, or any organizations they are a part of, support the boycott. After the law was passed, the Israeli parliament posted a message on its site reading, "In recent years calls to boycott Israel have been growing. It seems this is a new front in the war against Israel, which until now the country had not prepared for properly." We are joined by three guests. Rebecca Vilkomerson is executive director of Jewish Voice for Peace. Also with us are two guests connected to the new film "Junction 48." Israeli-American filmmaker Udi Aloni directed the film, and the Palestinian actor Tamer Nafar is the film’s star. AMY GOODMAN: That’s the theme song from the new film Junction 48, performed by Tamer Nafar and Samar Qupty. We’ll be joined by Tamer in just a minute. This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I’m Amy Goodman, with Nermeen Shaikh. NERMEEN SHAIKH: While President Trump has made international headlines for his attempt to temporarily ban refugees and residents of some Muslim-majority nations, one of Washington’s closest allies has instituted a travel ban of its own. Earlier this week, Israeli lawmakers approved a law barring supporters of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, known as BDS, from entering Israel. The BDS movement is an international campaign to pressure Israel to comply with international law and respect Palestinian rights. The Israeli parliament voted to ban non-Israelis from entering the country if they, or any organizations they are part of, support the boycott. After the law was passed, the Israeli parliament, or Knesset, posted a message on its site reading, quote, "In recent years calls to boycott Israel have been growing. It seems this is a new front in the war against Israel, which until now the country had not prepared for properly." AMY GOODMAN: The ban has been widely criticized even by critics of BDS. The American Jewish Committee, which opposes the boycott movement, said the law will not defeat BDS, nor—quote, "nor will it help Israel’s image as the beacon of democracy in the Middle East it is," unquote. The publication Inside Higher Public Ed [Inside Higher Ed] reports a group of Jewish studies scholars are preparing to release an open letter opposing the law, describing it as a, quote, "further blow to the democratic foundations of Israel," unquote. Professor Mara Benjamin of St. Olaf College, who opposes BDS, said the ban, quote, "will have a chilling effect on scholarship (as well as on all people who care about having a healthy democracy in the state of Israel)" unquote. Well, today we begin our discussion with three guests. Rebecca Vilkomerson is executive director of Jewish Voice for Peace here in New York. Also with us are two guests who are involved with a new film that’s just premiered in New York. It’s called Junction 48. The Israeli filmmaker Udi Aloni is with us. He directed the film. And the Palestinian actor Tamer Nafar is the film’s star and musical director. We welcome you all to Democracy Now! At first we were just going to be talking about the film. But given the fact that while Tamer and Udi came to the United States this ban was passed, we thought we’d start by asking you: What is your response? Udi, you’re an Israeli American. Your mother, very famous first lady of human rights, Shulamit Aloni, was a longtime member of the Israeli parliament, the Knesset. Your thoughts on this ban? UDI ALONI: First, the ban is much worse than even you described it, because it’s a ban even if somebody boycott only the settlement. So, if somebody here in America is against war crime and against stealing lands from Palestinians by Jews, he’s already not allowed into America [sic]. So, people who support it, for me, they really just— AMY GOODMAN: Into America, or Israel? UDI ALONI: Into Israel, sorry. And it’s very important to mention it, because already you hear Governor Cuomo is helping those antidemocratic thing, because he passed a bill here that people who support the BDS are not allowed to receive money from the state of New York. So, really, when Cuomo look in the mirror, he should see Trump, because I feel that people who doesn’t get us to live in democracy, they are the true anti-Semitic, because they believe that we, Israeli Jews, don’t have the right to change our system. And this is horrific. In the one hand, in a way, I’m happy that now we reveal something about the true Israel, because, you know, now it’s Purim, when all the Jews putting mask. And once, we used to have a liberal mask. The most famous mask now in Israel is the mask of a soldier who murdered in cold blood a wounded prisoner of war. Those are the mask that most of the Israeli kids now are using. So, now, when the mask and the true is the same, maybe it’s time for Democrats here to stop supporting Israel, if they care about Jews. NERMEEN SHAIKH: And, Rebecca, can you talk about what the impact of this ban is likely to be on some in the American Jewish community who are also opposed—support BDS and are opposed to settlements? REBECCA VILKOMERSON: Yeah, I mean, I can start with how it’s going to affect me personally. I’m a proud supporter of the BDS movement. My organization, Jewish Voice for Peace, supports BDS. I also happen to have really strong ties to Israel. My grandparents are buried there. My aunt, my uncle, my cousins live there. I’m married to an Israeli. My kids are Israeli. I’ve lived myself three years in Israel. I have a lot of friends and family, you know, Jews, Palestinians, on both sides of the Green Line. And it seems like, you know, this bill is basically saying that I’m not welcome to come back. And so, for myself personally, it’s a really sad moment. I do want to emphasize that the real impact of the bill is going to be on Palestinians. So, of course, Palestinians in the diaspora who are willing to speak up for their rights, they’re not going to be able to come in, and also Palestinians in the West Bank, Gaza and even East Jerusalem. So, in terms of if they’re married to Palestinians inside of Israel but don’t have permanent residency, they may not be able to reunite with their families, or if they leave the country, they may not be able to come back. If they want to get medical care inside of Israel, they may not be able to enter, just because they’re speaking up for their rights. So, like Udi was saying, I think this is a real shift. It makes overt a policy that was already, to a certain extent, in place, but a little bit underwater, because what happened was, people would try to come into Israel, and, based on racial profiling, people would be rejected at the border, usually Palestinians, Arabs, Muslims, people who looked Muslim even, other people of color. So they’d be taken aside and often deported. But now it’s this categorical ban, that’s very overt. And like Udi said, it takes the mask off and shows how antidemocratic Israel is becoming. AMY GOODMAN: Is it the first time Jews will not be able to—some will be stopped from going to Israel? Palestinians know well— REBECCA VILKOMERSON: Yes. AMY GOODMAN: —not having the right of return. REBECCA VILKOMERSON: Right. AMY GOODMAN: But for Jews, this will be—is this a first? REBECCA VILKOMERSON: Yes. I mean, there’s been one or two instances. There was a famous— UDI ALONI: Noam Chomsky. REBECCA VILKOMERSON: Yeah, exactly, Noam Chomsky was the first and famous incident, where he was rejected at the border. But in terms of saying like Jews who have certain political—who have certain political standards, you’re not welcome here, this is absolutely a first. AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to go to Tamer Nafar, who is joining us. He was just in New York for the premiere of Junction 48. He’s the musical director and the star of the film, hip-hop artist, well known for his group, the hip-hop group DAM. Now, you, Tamer, are Palestinian, but you are also an Israeli citizen. You live in, well, the city that is featured in Junction 48, Lyd, which is right near Tel Aviv airport. How will this affect you? I think we have a very long delay in linking up with him in Champaign-Urbana, in Illinois. TAMER NAFAR: This ban thing—I think that, you know, Palestinians have been banned since forever. And nobody—and it’s an unhuman act, and it’s a—for me, it’s a crime issue. So, nobody has punished Israel ever since they were banning Palestinians. And so, Israel right now feels the power that they can just move on with it, and now they are trying to ban other people that are not Palestinians. And I think if it’s not being—if we still don’t put Israel to its—to that spot and put it on their place, then it’s going to get bigger and bigger, because that’s the whole thing with Israel. When they do things and nobody is punishing them, not even criticizing them, then that will get them drunk of power to continue on growing up and doing whatever they do. NERMEEN SHAIKH: And, Udi, could you comment on the fact that many have drawn comparisons between Trump’s most recent—and although it’s the second version of it—executive order, which bans refugees and Muslims and people from six Muslim-majority countries from coming into the U.S.—the comparison between that ban and what Israel has just instituted? UDI ALONI: I want to say it’s maybe worse, because the real law that Israel passed just a few weeks ago said that, legally, Jews allow to steal lands from Palestinians, only because they are Jews, and those are Palestinian. I want to repeat it, because people here in America don’t believe it. We have a new law that settlers allowed to steal private lands of Arabs and take it to Jews. This is an official law. And now they’re going to ban everyone who criticize a pure apartheid law. So, in a way, it’s horrific. It’s only everyone who stand for civil right in the minimum level—liberals, not radical—is not allowed to Israel. I think that Trump and Bibi are in competition: Who is getting worse or who is getting more weird about antidemocratic laws? And they are very similar, and they enjoy each other too much. AMY GOODMAN: Rebecca? REBECCA VILKOMERSON: Yeah, I mean, I would completely agree that, you know, both bans are completely xenophobic, however they define the other. They’re based on the sort of security culture, the sense of fear, and really cruel, cruel laws that are, you know, excluding refugees, including people who have rights to enter these lands. And so, I think that this mirroring is really problematic. And I think—but the thing that I also want to come back to is that it is a sign, I think, that we’re winning globally. And the fear that Israel has of BDS and the fact that they felt the need to legislate against this law, it’s not going to work. People are not going to stay silent about this just because Israel is trying to make this ban. It seems like it’s part of the natural evolution of a struggle like this, that as the movement grows, they’re going to try to shut it down. And this is the next step. AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to ask Tamer Nafar about Israel just introducing another bill—this was on Wednesday—to limit Muslim calls to prayer. The bill has won preliminary approval, though critics have denounced the measure as racist. Supporters of the bill say it’s aimed at improving the quality of life of people living near mosques, who have been losing sleep. Opponents say the legislation, which was sponsored by right-wing parties, impinges on the religious freedom of Israel’s Muslim minority. This is Israeli-Arab lawmaker Ahmad Tibi. AHMAD TIBI: [translated] This law is racist. This is its fate, to be torn apart. Islam and the call to prayer are stronger than all of you. AMY GOODMAN: The proponents of the bill call the Muslim call to prayer noise pollution. Tamer Nafar, your response? TAMER NAFAR: As I said, this is the—this is things that this place is heading to. So, I wouldn’t be—I wouldn’t be surprised or shocked if, 10 years from now or 20 years from now, Muslims or Christians or non-Jews will be scared to reveal their religion, and they will be walking without—just, you know, hiding their religion. And that’s where the place is heading to. But again, these things are being revealed now. But I’ve heard—but I live in a place where, before that, you have mass demolitions. You have Islamic places where they’re being demolished. So it’s always happening. This time, it’s happening louder. The volume is up, and the cameras are on. But it’s always happening. And I think that now, with the Trump area—with the Trump era, I think it’s easy. It’s like a stage. It’s easier for them to do it. Like it’s legit now. But these things have been happening since forever.
Army Corps of Hell distinguishes itself from the rest of the PS Vita system lineup with its gut-spilling battles, over-the-top humor and heavy metal music. As the King of Hell, players control an army of a hundred goblins of three classes: Soldiers, Magi and Spearmen. Each goblin class has various abilities to defeat a host of enemies to help the King of Hell reclaim his throne. In Army Corps of Hell, players and their friends can take full advantage of the ad-hoc multiplayer system and the unique control features of the PS Vita system to experience war like never before! - Shippin' Out February 19-25: PS Vita, SyndicateUpdated Feb 21, 2012 - PS Vita hits shelves with 20 titlesUpdated Dec 22, 2011 - PlayStation Vita out in Hong Kong and Taiwan this DecemberUpdated Oct 28, 2011 - Army Corps of Hell joins PS Vita launch lineup in USUpdated Oct 14, 2011 Game List Statistics
World of Darkness - Alpha Network Fight style: fancy footwork or single merit: add part of attack pool to defence while still able attack. Also a style using acrobatics to tumble evade etc like Swashbuckling, gun Fu for cinematic melee with firearms, lunge, riposte, flourish, - Edge being any extra Advantages added to an Action Roll. GM Advice. Social Style – Fast Talk - Style Merits tend to range from 1-5. The Skill that defines them is required and must at least equal the Style Merit DoTs. For example, having Fighting Style – Boxing at 4 DoTs you must first have Brawl at 4 DoTs. Having Occult Style – Alchemy at 3 DoTs means having Occult of 3 DoTs first. - Flaws must now be purchased like a normal Merit but is noted with an (F) for Flaw. When a Character is roleplayed as effected by the Flaw in a relevant in-game situation and there are effects of these actions – Experience Points (XP) should be awarded. Ineptitude – Specify is a great example of this and such Flaws truly allow a Player to deeply customise their PC and develop a deeper Character Concept. Primary, Secondary & Tertiary Merits. 5/4/3 for example. These should really be chosen at Character Creation unless the GM says otherwise or a lot of time and effort put in to work for that specific Merit such as a Profession Merit that grants access to Skills. Orphaned, Abused, Ancestral Heritage (like secret royalty, ancient Bloodline etc), Supernatural event, Memorable event, Horrific event, awkward event, …. |Accute Sense (1-5)||Specific one of the five senses is heightened.||None| |Ambidextrous (3)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||Dex (3). Char. Gen only at (3)| |Aptitude – Specify (3)||Choose a specific area which you have a natural aptitude or talent for, such as Computers, Acrobatics or any Skill or Speciality really.||GM accepts| |Awareness (2)||Natural talent to be more perceptive than most. Bonus to Perception Checks.||Char. Gen or intense training| |Blood Heritage (3-6)||Select a type of Being or Breed you are Blooded to such as Demon, Fae, Nobility, Wolf etc.||Specify Type; After Char. Gen shows you discover the truth later on.| |CIPA (5)||A genetic disorders that stops you feeling any pain at all, including torture and wounds but it is also very hard to tell.||Appear at birth or during infancy.| |Color Blind (1)||You have real trouble telling one primary colour from another.||Flaw| |Common Sense (3)||Grounded & pragmatic, can often be depended upon to make sound, wise decisions at a moments notice. GM can make a “Reflexive Perception Roll” if the Character is about to do somethimg disasterous.||—| |David’s Arm (3)||Like David against Goliath, you’re great with spatial distance, range etc. Double all benefits of aiming.||??| |Double Jointed (2)||Able to bend your joints in improbable ways.||None| |Dual Nature (3)||You have a personality that works with two compatible Natures each rewarding WillPower.||GM agreed on the Natures.| |Early Riser (1)||You seem able to manage with less rest than others, getting up hours before or staying up til dawn.||None| |Eidetic Memory (3)||A near photographic memory, able to recall vast amounts of observed detail with almost perfect accuracy. Rolls usually only needed under Stress..||Char.Gen Only| |Emotional Detatchment (2)||Nasty, mean temper when you lose control. Any time you fail your Composure Test, …||None| |Encyclopedic Knowledge (2)||Knows much about anything.||None| |Fast Learner (3)||Does not suffer the ??….||Char.Gen Only| |Fire Within (2)||You have a natural resistant to the cold or damage caused by cold.| |Ineptitude – Specify (1-5)||Penalised for being just terrible in a specific Sub-Skill where you excel in the rest of the Skill.||Trying Skill for first few times. (F)| |Internal Thermostat (3)||Able to control & balance your internal temperature and thus, does not suffer such extremes of hot or cold environments.||Res (2) Com (4)| |Intuition – Specify (2-5)||Machinery, Computers, Electronics, Clockwork, etc||Char. Gen only usually.| |Longevity (4)||You are one of those rare few who age well, not taking penalties until your 70’s..||Something surely| |Maturity (1)||The Character is growing older and had reached into the more solid, firmer Summer years of 40’s and 50’s… Effects are ??||Age of 40+| |Natural Immunity (3)||Immune to disease..||Requirements| |Night Vision (2)||Able to see well at Night or in darkness with only the barest amounts of light..||None| |Obvious Appearance (2)||An obvious or memorable feature of appearance may gain you WillPower if part of the Story.||(2)| |Obvious Aspiration (2)||A strong interest or drive in achieving a particular goal.. Can regain WP during Play if Character actually makes headway in achieving this ambition in some way.||(2)| |Obvious Demeanor ••||A strong type of attitude… Can regain WP during Play…||(1)| |Obvious Nature ••||Natures and Demeanors Obvious Nature A strong type of personality… Can regain WP if used during Play.||???(2)| |Obvious Quirk (1)||Those rare idiosyncratic subtleties & strange, uncommon interests that set someone apart…||GM approval.| |Obvious Vice (1)||A strong need for specific type of sin.. Can regain WP during Play…||Brawl (2)| |Obvious Virtue (1)||A strong desire to show goodness.. Can regain WP during Play…||Brawl (2)| |Predatory Bearing (1-5)||You have that menacing aspect or aura of someone.. or something very dangerous, and others often recognise that.||Char. Gen| |Prized Possession (1-5)||Get something good…| |Prodigy (3)||Gifted child below 13 that has higher than usual traits etc.||Char. Gen only.| |Small Framed (2)||Shorter or much thinner than the average gives the Character a size of 4 and chance they’ll be overlooked, not taken seriously or ignored.||Flaw| |Toxin Resistance (3)||Immune to Poisons and other toxins..||Usually only at Char.Gen| |Vengeance (1-5)||Character has a particular Nemesis or enemy that they truly need to get revenge on. They use this advantage to get a bonus +2 to attack actions..||Requires Enemy Merit| |Veteran (1-5)||A strong type ay.||???(2)| |Alertness (2)||Aware of things at all times…||Wit (3) Com (2)| |Ambidextrous (4)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||Dex (3)| |Armored Fighting (2/4)||Able to fight in heavy and burdensome armor without penalties.||Str (3) Sta (3)| |Athletic Dodge (2)||= You use your Athletic prowess …||None.| |Automotive Genius (1)||Can see what’s wrong in seconds and a knack for fixing and rigging..||Crafts (3), Drive (2), Science (1)| |Brawling Dodge (2)||Nasty, mean temper when you lose control. Any time you fail your Composure Test, …||Active| |Bruiser (1)||Appearance is so rough & tough and thug like to appear menacing. +1 to Intimidation.||Requirements| |Cat-like Balance (2)||Your talent for balance is exceptional.. +1 to all such Rolls..||—| |Cheap Shot (2)||Dirty tricks to distract. (Dex+Subt VS Wit+Com to act. -2 cumulative penalty each time)||Brawl (2)| |Choke Hold (2)||Once you have a’ hold, you have them..||Brawl (2)| |Choke Shot (2)||Excellent accuracy, no matter what weapon you’re holding. +1 Dice when not targeting specific area.||None| |Crack Driver (2/3)||Nothing distracts once she’s driving. (-Com Penalty to anyone seeking to disable vehicle)||Drive (3)| |Customised Item (2/4/5)||You have a specially made or gained of a special item, customised but not magical. Perhaps a hand crossbow, blowpipe disguised as a cigar or pipe, swordcane, hidden tools etc.||GM approval| |Defensive Combat (1)||Able to defend against multiple opponents with the base Defence for each opponent….||Dex (3) Wit (3) Com (3) Brawl or Weaponry (2)| |Driving Style – Heavy Vehicles (1-5)||Actively||Dex (3) Res (2) Drive (2)| |Driving Style – High Performance (1-5)||Able to make the most of Fast Cars and know all the tricks of the Race Tracks and cars made for speed.||Dex (3) Res (2) Drive (2)| |Driving Style – Pilot Aeroplane (1-5)||Able to fly planes and jets.||Dex (3) Int (3) Res (2) Drive (2)| |Driving Style – Ocean Sailing (1-5)||Able to sail and navigate ocean waters safely.||Dex (2) Res (2) Drive (2)| |Driving Style – Stunt Driver (1-5)||Able to perform the most death defying of tricks and impossible feats of vehicle agility.||Wit (2) Dex (2) Drive (2)| |Disarm (2)||If Damage exceeds Dexterity then Diarm Opponent..||Dex (3) Weaponry (2) Active Weapon (s)| |Enchanting Gaze (2)||Truly beautiful and captivating eyes that attract others to them..||??| |Enchanting Voice (2)||Beautiful voice that truly is captivating||??| |Fast Reflexes (1-2)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||Char. Creation| |Feint (2)||Using two weapons you attack from different angles, ignoring Defence on 2nd Attack.||Fighting Style – Two Weapon Fighting (3)| |Fighting Finesse (3)||You use swift, agile attacks with your light Weaponry.||Dex (3) Weaponry (2)| |Fleet of Foot (2)||Nasty, mean temper when you lose control. Any time you fail your Composure Test, …||Active| |Fresh Start (1-2)||Do nothing this turn so that you may act first next turn..||Requires: Fast Reflexes| |Gunslinger (4)||Able to use two handguns at once though with penalties.||Dex (3) Firearms (3)| |Hardy (1-3)||Add Hardy DoTs to Rolls resisting environmental hurt from extreme temperatures, poison, disease, deprivation, exhaustion, suffocation etc.||Sta (3)| |Heavy Hands (2)||Especially hard or heavy hands for unarmed attacks +1 Dmg to Unarmed Strikes||Str (3) Brawl (3)| |Heavy Sleeper (2)||Often sleeps in late, fails to hear the alarm clock and is almost impossible to waken at times.||Flaw| |Huge Size (4)||Very large, either fat or tall so they are well above the human average. Add +1 Health due to the increased Size.||None| |Immunised (1)||Up to date on your regular and normal jabs for common diseases. You still should see a GP for more if visiting exotic countries.||None| |Indomitable (2)||You are better able to resist strange events and they have less effect on your mind. Any supernatural effect or creature trying to influence you gets you +2 Bonus to resisting.||Resolve (3)| |Iron Skin (3)||Tough, less penetrable skin.||)| |Iron Stamina (1-3)||Able to endure fatigue for longer.| |Iron Stomach (2)||The ability to eat pretty much anything without side effects such as being sick.||?| |Light Sleeper (2)||Wakes easily and without loss of orientation etc.| |Outdoorsman (2)||Experience or natural ability to make most of her environment and survive out in the wilds.||Survival (3)| |Movement Style – Parkour (1-5)||Combines acrobatic talent into Athletics so as to perform outstanding feats of free-running.||Dexterity (3) Athletics (2) Acrobatics (2)| |Movement Style – Spelunker (1-5)||Pot Holing and Cave Diving are your thing.||Dexterity (3) Athletics (3)| |Parry (3)||Usable with Weaponry or Brawl to allow you to replace your Defence with that Skill.||Brawl (3) or Weaponry (3)| |Punch Drunk (2)||Able to keep 1 BODY Health Level by spending WillPower & upgrading existing damage.||WillPower (6)| |Quick Draw (3)||So trained with the weapon or firearm that drawing the weapon is instinct and is considered a Reflex Action that can be done whenever Defence applies.||Wits (3) Speciality in Weapon or Fighting Style chosen here.| |Quick Healing (4)||Able to heal more rapidly than normal.||Sta (4)| |Seizing the Edge (2)||Always read for a chase, be it to escape from enemies or to hunt down that next ticket..||None| |Signature Item (3)||An object that is an intrinsic part of the characters identity now and without it they feel lost, suffering on social rolls.||None| |Shield Rip (2)||Using two weapons, you use tricks & distractions to allow your 2nd weapon to rip aside an opponent shield.||Fighting Style – Two Weapon Fighting (3), Weapon that can hook shields,| |Shiv (1 or 2)||Can carry a 0 or 1 Dmg small blade that when rolled for detection receives -Wea penalty.||Street fighting (2), Weaponry (1)| |Sleight of hand (2)||Long, delicate and light fingers make pickpocketing and picking locks or other intensely delicate operations of hand dexterity easier with a +2 bonus to such rolls..||None| |Strong Back (2)||The ability to carry more than normal and dead lift well.| |Strong Lungs (2)||Ability to hold your breath for longer.| |Weaponry Dodge (1-5)||A??.||Requirements| |Wheelman (3)||Some people are born Drivers and have a natural aptitude.||Dex (2) Drive (2)| |Adrenaline Junkie (1)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||None| |Cheap Shot (2)||Nasty, mean temper when you lose control. Any time you fail your Composure Test, …||Active| |Coldly Logical (2)||??| |Combat Awareness (2)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||Military, Law Enforcement or Combat Background.| |Concentration (1)||Ability to focus on tasks or details even when there are distractions.||??| |Crafter’s Sense (3)||Doe||Crafts (3) and Craft Speciality.| |Cultural Awareness (1/2/4)||Silent, Speedy series of hand movements or signs used my military etc…||?(3)| |Danger Sense (2)||+2 Bonus to “Perception Rolls” for Character to detect an impending ambush.||—| |Daredevil (2)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||None| |Demolisher (2)||Nasty, mean temper when you lose control. Any time you fail your Composure Test.||None.| |Direction Sense (1)||An innate knack for finding your way. Rarely suffers penalties to finding her way.||None| |Doubting Thomas (2)||Cynical and questioning nature, any Psychics nearby receive -2 to Psychic Rolls. Paradox increased.||Flaw| |Easy Ride (2)||Somehow you are easily possessed by Spirits, Demons etc.||Flaw| |EOD (4)||Experience in many types of Explosive Devices and EOD or Explosive Ordinance Disposal.||Some.| |Eye for the strange (2)||Though they may have no actual knowledge of the supernatural or Occurred, they know it when they see it and thus get bonus.||Res (3) Occult (1)| |Good Brain (2)||Removes the penalty from the unskilled for mental skills.||Int (4) Wit (3)| |Holistic Awareness (1)||You have knowledge surrounding the Skill?||?| |Indomitable (1-5)||Such an Iron Will that most Mind dominating powers don’t work.||Requires Iron Will. Can only be bought equal to their Resolve.| |Informative (2/4)||May be silent on most topics but when it comes to them and their job they won’t shut up and very open.||Wit:2, Skill:2| |Ingenious (2)||Always seems to have a cunning or backup plan to escape any predicament. +2 to outlandish or especially cunning ways around an obstacle or solution to a plan.||Drive(3)| |Interdisciplinary Speciality (2)||A speciality that can cross over??||Skill (3), Speciality| |Iron Will (3)||Amazing ability to resist takeovers of your mind and gain +3 Dice when resisting outside forces attempting to take it over.||WillPower (6+)| |Language (1-4)||Able to communicate in another language. The more DOTs you have the greater your skill with 3 being well educated and full mastery in the language..||Requirements| |Library (1-3)||Select a topic and you have a collection of books, references and websites for that subject.||?| |Linguist (2)||You have a natural talent for languages and are able to learn them more easily than other people.||Int (3) Academics (2) or Int (2) & Academics (3)| |Lucid Dreamer (2)||Ability to influence and control your own dreams.||Res:3, non-changeling.| |Good Time Management (1)||Due to good organisation and diligence you manage your time very well and know how to cut out those wasteful moments. Extended Actions can be reduced by 1/4.||None| |Make Do (1-3)||Used to working under sub-optimal conditions means you can often use poor tools etc to repair, perform scientific tests, survey archeology sites etc. This is Cross-Skill effective while||?| |Meditative Mind (1, 2 or 4)||You get better at Meditating (See Merit for full Bonuses).||None| |Multi-lingual (2)||Conversational language ability in two sister languages for each DOT. Roll Int+Aca to attempt to make out enough when read also.||None| |Occult Style – Alchemy (1-5)||A mix of Science and magic to transform base substances into “Divine” substances.||Int, Science, Occult| |Occult Style – Artificing (1-5)||A mix of Science and magic to imbue powerful Spells and abilities into special items.||Int, Science, Occult| |Occult Style – Body Endowments (1-5)||A mix of Science and magic to use tattooing and body art to endow with power.||Int, Science, Occult| |Occult Style – Curses (1-5)||A mix of Science and magic to use sympathetic magic and effigies to curse others.||Int, Science, Occult| |Occult Style – Fortune Telling (1-5)||Able to predict the future, tell Fortunes and read events and aspects of the past and present via a Focus such as Tarot, Crystal Ball, Bones, Runes etc..||Int, Science, Occult| |Occult Style – Necromancy (1-5)||A mix of Science and magic to experiment, modify & manipulate the dead.||Int, Science, Occult| |Occult Style – Runecraft (1-5)||Art of using powerful Runes to create certain effects.||Int, Science, Occult| |Patient (1)||You take the extra care and effort to get things right. On Extended Actions, Abi would provide.||None| |Police Investigation Style (1-5)||Able to use police procedure effectively to investigate crime.||None.| |Professional Training Style – Specify (1-5)||Extensive training in a specialist field grants advantages to contacts & Bonuses. Select your field and choose two asset skills for it.||One Asset Skill = DoT wanted| |Psychic Resistance (1-3)||Intensive training or natural ability has given you the knack of blocking your mind from invasive telepathic powers.||Res (3)| |Rational Explanation (3)||Whenever making Res+Com Rolls to resist Fear, Panic etc you gain a Bonus for finding a Rational Explanation to support the situation.||Some.| |Relic Analyst (1-5)||Active.||?| |Seen Combat (2)||= You have experience with combat in variety of forms, giving you that edge and instinct necessary to truly make use of combat skills…||Been in combat?| |Sign Language – Specify (2)||Silent, Speedy series of hand movements or signs used my military, Deaf etc. or Marks in Urban Environment for Homeless, Gangs etc.||?(3)| |Mental Style – Skill Ingenuity (1-5)||You are more than skilled in a particular Skill,||None.| |Spatial Awareness (1)||Talent to coordinate things and space between them.||None.| |Speed Reading (2)||Able to read and take in the information from text in half the time.||Int (3) Academics (2)| |Steady Driver (1)||Calm and safe when driving and not prone to Road Rage or Composure loss while driving.||None| |Technology Style – Hacking (1-5)||Able to hack most computer systems and similar interfaces.||??| |Time Sense (1)||Able to tell what time it is to the half hour and to estimate the length of time it’s taken or how long something lasts etc.||None| |Tolerance for Biology (1)||Very strong resistance to gruesome biology. no need to roll when confronted with blood & guts||Com (2) Res (2)| |Tolerance for Pain (3)||Very strong resistance to feeling pain such as wounds, torture etc.||Res (3) Sta (2)| |Technophile (1-2)||Nasty, mean temper when you lose control. Any time you fail your Composure Test, …||?| |Trained Observer (1 or 3)||Years out in the field has taught you to notice everything and to remember them.||Wits (3) or Com (3)| |Trivia Hound (2)||A geek who collects tidbits of worthless information.||None| |Tunneller (1)||You’ve spent some time down in tunnels and you tend to feel comfortable and able to find your way, sense direction etc.||??| |Vice Ridden (2)||Someone who is especially sinful may choose a second Vice which gains you WillPower if interacted with meaningfully..||Flaw| |Virtuous (2)||Someone who is especially good and moralistic, they may choose a second Virtue which gains them WillPower when meaningfully interacted with.||None| |Allies (1-5)||You are able to call on a selected group for help.||None.| |Alternate Identity (1-3)||At 1 DoT an unofficial, superficial I’d with +1 bonus, 2 dots has paperwork to support the I’d but it won’t hold up to close scrutiny. 3 DoTs is a deep cover id, fully supported in databases and paper and gives +2 bonus to Subterfuge. Available Multiple Times for separate Identities.||None| |Animal Affinity (2)||Specific types of animals tend to like you, not attack you etc.||Select Animal Species.| |Animal Companion (2 to 5)||You have somehow befriended or attached to you an animal. More than a pet, more intelligent etc.||None| |Animal Magnetism (1)||A strong, animal-like …||None| |Anonymity (1 to 5)||Lives completely off the Grid and only uses Cash, no Id etc. Anyone trying to track your Paper Trail or look you up online received penalty equal to the DoTs here.||Can’t also have Fame| |Approachable (1)||A friendly face or attitude or something else but people find you easy to talk to. -2 to Difficulty on Empathy Rolls.||None| |Armory (1-5)||A collection of Weaponry is available to choose from, either owned by you or able to collect from friends etc.||Resources 3| |Barfly (2)||Able to get an open invitation anywhere. Bars & Clubs are home to her. Told to ostracize her receive her Socialize Skill as penalty.||Socialize (2)| |Bureaucratic Negotiator (2)||Able to plough through red tape and get things done in a bureaucratic institution.||None.| |Calming Presence (1)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||Com (3)| |Certification (1-3)||Has the proper licenses and paperwork for a particular activity.||None| |Closed Book (1-5)||Particularly hard to read and/or crack. When someone uses Social Maneuvering against us, add your DoTs in this Merit as a bonus to resist.||Man (3) Res (3)| |Community Ties Style – Specify (1 to 5)||Pick a specific community such as Does not suffer the ..||None| |Contacts (1-5)||Gather information from single source. More DoTs mean deeper information and a greater chance to discover others Social Merits or any Conditions. (Man+Doc to gather the info.)||None| |Cult (1-5)||Leader of a new Cult.||??| |Decorated (2-5)||Recognition for actions have awarded you a medal at lower DoTs and a peerage or national award at higher level. War hero, Community Volunteer or Lord all suitable details here.||One Attribute at 4+ & suitable backstory.| |Defender (1-3)||You feel protective and responsible for those loved ones and family around you. You gain bonus WP on protecting them but losing them causes serious Breaking Points.||Loved Ones Merit/s.| |Dependent (2)||You have a loved one you must care for and look after. May be a young child, I’ll or disabled parent or sibling etc.||Flaw| |Destiny (1-5)||Fate has things in store for you, though you’ve no idea what.||None| |Destitute (2)||No Resources of any kind available now makes for an extremely uncomfortable and dangerous quality of life. Homeless and indebt.||Flaw| |Enemy (1-5)||A particular person hates your character enough to consider getting revenge. In time this might grow into them becoming a Nemesis.||Flaw| |Evil (1-5)||You have negative Karma and you like it, doing bad stuff excites you or leaves you unconcerned..||Negative Karma at least = to DoTs in this Merit. Flaw| |Extremist Group (4)||You have influence and contacts within an Extremist Group of some kind.||None| |Faithful Devotion (1-3)||You have faith in a Higher Power that grants you peace & solace.||??| |Fame (2 or 4)||Local or National fame can be a disadvantage as well as advantage.||??| |Fence (1/3)||Always able to find somewhere to buy or sell stolen goods to the crimminal community.||Streetwise (3)| |Firearms Licence (2)||You have the necessary written paperwork to own a gun legally. This is only applicable in a single country so if you want more licences this needs to be got each time for it to be legal.| |Fixer (3)||You know people.. not only can she get best people for the job but also best prices. Availability Cost reduced by 1 DoT.||Wits (3) Contacts (2)| |Hobbyist Clique (2)||As long as you stay in contact and up to date with this social circle, you receive a bonus to the hobby specified.||Any Skill (2)| |Infamous (2)||You are known and remembered for something negative.||None| |Inheritance (1-5)||Someone leaves you an amount of money or wealth in Savings. These are stocks, shares, Jewelry etc.||Who left you this?| |Insignificant (2)||Socially Small – They’ve either a natural talent or cultivated the ability to be easily overlooked or appear ordinary or unnoticeable.||-1 to Perception. Flaw.| |Inspiring (3)||Able to motivate, enthuse and inspire people around you.||Pre (3)| |Job (2)||You work for a living and are paid for that work regularly. This may include Freelance Jobs.||State Job| |Job Status (1-5)||You work for a living and are paid for that work regularly. This may include Freelance Jobs..||Rise high in job profile.| |Library (1 to 5)||Character has her own access to Library close at hand. The DoTs determines the size and breadth of the material. For each DoT a Speciality can also be chosen.| |Love (1-5)||You’ve fallen in love with someone and going out.||Requirements| |Love unrequited (1-5)||You have fallen in love with someone but they don’t have any feelings for you.||Flaw| |Luxury (1-5)||Details how well you live. 1 dot and you are just above the standard surroundings, 5 DoT and you’re in a huge mansion with almost everything. This can be permanently switched with Resources DoT by DoT.||None| |Mentor (1-5)||A teacher or guide that is able to give advice, aid and support that is often from the background and sometimes without the Characters knowledge.||None| |Negotiator (2)||Be it working with Hostages or big finance dealing, you know how to liaise your way to success.||Requirements| |Personal Attachment (2/4)||You are very close to family or friends and losing them would hurt dearly. Bonus to WillPower.||State who.| |Prejudice (2)||Has a distinct and often irrational hatred or distrust of a particular group such as gays, women, race, religion or creed, hippies, liberals etc. and Reaction penalised by -3.||Flaw| |Pusher (2)||Very experienced at Bribes and tempting others into their Vices, giving you Bonuses.||Persuasion 2| |Resources (1-5)||This determines how much funds are readily available and what equipment can be bought.||None| |Retainer (1-5)||An assistant, sycophant or servant that can be relied upon to carry out daily tasks, short and long term goals even. More DoTs mean more power the Retainer has.||None| |Safehouse (1-5)||Often well guarded, secure location perhaps with blast doors, vault and panic room, emergency exit etc.||None| |Safe Place (1-5)||Simply a place you feel comfortable and safe where you can hide or get lost in the anonymous crowds. No security etc. in place here.||None| |Savings (1-5)||Instead of regular disposable income this shows your Savings that start at (Resources+Resolve)…?||None| |Small Unit Tactics (2)||An effective leader of small groups.||Pre (3)| |Social Style – Fast Talk (1-5)||Allows the Character to Fast Talk their way through many social situations. Each DoT provides an extra method of Fast Talking.||Man (3) Subterfuge(2)| |Social Style – Reasoned Debate (1-5)||Uses Reason to debate in Social Situations.||Int (3) Academics (2)| |Social Style – Rhetoric (1-5)||Uses Rhetoric to influence Social Situations.||Pre (3) Expression (1)| |Social Style – Social Maneuvers (1-5)||???.||Pre (3) Man (3) A Social Skill (3)| |Social Style – Theology (1-5)||Using Religious argument to debate or influence Social Situations.||Pre (2) Expression (2) Religion (s)| |Special Forces (3)||You have experience within the Special Forces and perhaps status, contacts, allies etc are drawn from here as well as familiarity with various exotic weapons.||Lots?| |Spin Doctor (2)||Talented at Fast Talking and Bullshitting stories, Gossip and Personal PR.||Man (3), Subterfuge (2)| |Staff (1 to 5)||A group of working employees who fulfil whatever day to day tasks your character wishes..||None| |Status (1 to 5)||Determines your reputation and standing within the chosen organization or group.||None| |Street Rat (1)||Spent a lot of time on and upon the streets of an urban settlement you specify and know the many ways, hideouts, shortcuts, problem traffic routes etc.||Specify Town or City.| |Striking Looks (1 or 2)||Especially beautiful, intimidating, strange, ugly or funny looking. Whatever the specifics, they attract attention (both good & bad) and receive either the +1 or +2 bonus to relevant Social Rolls.||None| |Sympathetic (2)||Good at letting people get close and they feel comfortable opening up to you or revealing secrets.||None| |Table Turner (3)||Able to spot opportunities and see openings to get the upper hand and switch advantage when the chance comes.||Com (3) Man (3) Wit (3)| |Takes one to know one (1)||When uncovering clues that relate to your Vice you suffer penalty but now ???..||None| |Taste (1)||m..||Crafts (2) and a Speciality in Crafts or Expression| |Tripsitter (3)||Especially good at guiding people through intense psychoactive head trips.||Com (3)| |True Faith (4)||much more than the Faithful Devotion merit.||Devout as a Virtue or Vice| |True Friend (3-5)||You have a trusted and loyal friend.| |True Love (4)||m..||None| |Tunnel Rat (2)||Specify the Tunnels and you know your way around them better than your own home. Sewers, Underground, Old WW2 Tunnels, Mines etc.||Tunneller & Street Rat| |Uninspiring (2)||You are so boring, flat or uninteresting that people just seem to wilt or grow bored when you’re around and would rather leave.||Flaw| |Urban Dark ??||???.||None| |Well Travelled (2)||Natural experience of different Cultures and Languages.||None.| |Fighting Style – Aggressive Striking • – •••••||Str (•••) Sta (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Aikido ••||Throwing.. Once you have a’ hold, you have them..||Str (••) Dex (••) Wit (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Archery • – •••••||Str (•••) Sta (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Armed Defence (1-5)||You can use a weapon to stop people trying to kill you.||Dex (3) Weaponry (3) Defensive Combat| |Fighting Style – Armoured Combat (1-5)||Particularly skilled at combat wearing the very heaviest and bulky of armours.||Str (3) Sta (3) Athletics (2) Armored Fighting| |Fighting Style – Berserker ••||Throwing.. Once you have a’ hold, you have them..||Dex (••) Wit (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Blind Fighting (1-5)||You are particularly skilled in fighting without eyesight.||Wit (3) Com (2) Brawl (3) or Weaponry (3) Acute Sense (Hearing)| |Fighting Style – Boxing • – •••••||Str (•••) Sta (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Brute Force ••||Throwing.. Once you have a’ hold, you have them..||Dex (••) Wit (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Chain Weapons (1-5)||Str (•••) Dex (•••) Weaponry (•••)| |Fighting Style – Close Quarters Combat (1-5)||Wit (•••) Athletics (•••) Brawl (•••)| |Fighting Style – Combat Falconry (1-5)||Go into battle with a trained, combat-ready bird of prey.||Pre (2) Wit (2) Com (3) Animal Ken (3) Birds, Trained Bird type| |Fighting Style – Combat K9 (1-5)||Go into battle with a trained dog at your side.||Pre (2) Wit (2) Com (2) Animal Ken (2) Dogs, Combat Trained Dog type| |Fighting Style – Combat Marksmanship (1-5)||d, you have them..||Str (2) Dex (2) Com (3) Firearms (2)| |Fighting Style – Combat Mount (1-5)||Your Mount is able & ready to fight with you in combat.||Pre (2) Wit (2) Dex (3) Com (3) Animal Ken (2) Mount specified & Training Speciality, Mount Combat Speciality| |Fighting Style – Covering fire (1-5)||Nothing distracts once she’s driving..||Drive(3)| |Fighting Style – Defensive Combat (1-5)||Str (2) Dex (3) Wit (3) Com (3) Brawl (3) or Weaponry (3)| |Fighting Style – Dirty Fighting (1-5)||Hmmmm..||Str (3) Brawl (3)| |Fighting Style – Dream Combat (1-5)||Nothing distrac.||Wyrd (3) Empathy (3)| |Fighting Style – Evasive Striking (1-5)||Unarmed combat that very much prioritises Defence & evasion during combat.||Str (2) Dex (2) Sta (2) Brawl (2)| |Fighting Style – Expressive Combat (1-5)||Theatrical & Dramatic stage combat.||?| |Fighting Style – Fencing (1-5)||N..||Dex (3) Weaponry (3) Rapier (1) or Epee (1)| |Fighting Style – Filipino Martial Arts (1-5)||Dex (3) Weaponry (3)| |Fighting Style – Firefight (1-5)||Once you have a’ hold, you have them..||Brawl (2)| |Fighting Style – Formation Tactics • – •••••||Not.||Str (••) Sta (•••) Weaponry (••)| |Fighting Style – Frenzied Assault • – •••••||Nothing distracg..||Wyrd (3) Empathy (3)| |Fighting Style – Grappling • – •••••||Str (••) Dex (•••) Sta (•••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Gladiatorial • – •••••||N..||Str (•••) Pre (••) Weaponry (•••) ?? (•)| |Fighting Style – Gun Fu (1-5)||Type of tricks to combat firearms from melee like Jackie Chan, Donnie Yen etc.||Dex (3) Wit (3) Acrobatics (3) Athletics (2) Brawl (3) Another Fighting Style (4)| |Fighting Style – Hapkido • – •••••||Korean Martial Arts..||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Wit (•••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Harmonic Dissonance • – •••••||High Monk Mentorship..||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Res (•••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Heavy Melee Weapons • – •••••||Capable of wielding claymores, chainsaws etc with skill..||Str (3) Sta (3) Athletics (2) Weaponry (2)| |Fighting Style – Iaido • – •••••||Armed Defensive Striking..||Str (•••) Dex (•••) Com (•••) Weaponry (•••) Quick Draw| |Fighting Style – Improvised Weaponry • – •••••||Wit (•••) Weaponry (•)| |Fighting Style – Judo (1-5)||Dex| |Fighting Style – Kendo ••||Big stick.||Dex (•••) Weaponry (•••) Stick (•)| |Fighting Style – Kick Boxing ••||???.||Str (•••) Dex (•••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Knife Fighting (1 to 5)||???.||Str (•••) Dex (•••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Krav Maga • – •••••||Str (•••) Dex (•••) Wit (•••) Brawl (•••) Brawling Dodge (m?)| |Fighting Style – Kung Fu ••||Nothing distracts once she’s driving..||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Langschwert • – •••••||Skilled in the German style of Large, Two handed Sword like the Claymore or similar.||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Light Weaponry (1-5)||Dex| |Fighting Style – Marksmanship (1-5)||Does not suffer the -3 off-hand Penalty….||???| |Fighting Style – Modern Army Combatives • – •••••||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Mounted Combat (1-5)||Skilled at fighting while on a mount such as a horse..||???| |Fighting Style – Police Tactics • – •••••||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Brawl (•••) Weaponry (••)| |Fighting Style – Qinna • – •••••||Overwhelming attack that forces opponent to come with..||Dex (•••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Savage Predator • – •••••||???..||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Brawl (••) Intimidation (••)| |Fighting Style – Shurikenjutsu • – •••••||Dart throwing..||Dex (•••) Athletics (•••) Throw (s)| |Fighting Style – Sniping • – •••••||Dex (•••) Res (•••) Firearms (•••) Stealth (•••) Automatic Rifle (s)| |Fighting Style – Staff Fighting • – •••••||Overwhelming||Str (•••) Dex (••) Weaponry (••)| |Fighting Style – Stick Fighting • – •••••||“Iron Fist”||Str (•••) Sta (•••) Res (••••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Street Fighting (1-5)||It’s just like the Street brawls all over again.||)| |Fighting Style – Swashbuckling (1-5)||“Daring Do”||Dex (3) Sta (3) Com (4) Weaponry (3)| |Fighting Style – Sword and Shield (1-5)||“Iron Fist”||Str (•••) Sta (•••) Res (••••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Suppression Fire (1-5)||Nothing distracts once she’s driving..||Drive(3)| |Fighting Style – Tekken • – •••••||“Iron Fist”||Str (•••) Sta (•••) Res (••••) Brawl (••)| |Fighting Style – Two Weapon Fighting • – •••••||Trained to fight with short weapons (Size 2 or less) in both hands to their advantage in defense and offense.||Wit (•••) Dex (•••) Weaponry (••••) Athletics (••)| |Fighting Style – Unarmed Defence • – •••••||“Unarmed Defence”||Dex (•••) Brawl (••) Defensive Combat-Brawl| |Fighting Style – Wall Fighting • – •••••||Able to use walls and other vertical obstacles during combat.||Str (••) Dex (••) Sta (••) Athletics (•••) Acrobatics (s)| |Fighting Style – Wrestling • – •••••||Able to use walls and other vertical obstacles during combat.||Requirements| |Fighting Style – Zui Quan • – •••••||“Drunken Boxing” is a general term for all styles of Chinese Martial Arts that imitate a Drunkard.||Str (••) Dex (•••) Sta (••) Wit (•••) Athletics (•••) Acrobatics (s) Expression (••) Drunkenness (s)| |A Little Knowledge (2)||Once you have a’ hold, you have them..| |Awakened (8)||Dreams plague you as your Soul begins it’s Ascension and you awaken to the Truth of the Lie.||As you discover and experience this.| |Clear Sighted (2)||Spend one Willpower, and you’re effectively immune to supernatural powers that fuck with your senses for the rest of the Scene. It’s niche, but you can laugh off stuff like Hallucinate.||None.| |Cult Initiation (1-5)||None| |Deadpan (3)||Need to be a Sleepwalker (which Hardened Exorcist technically does), but this merit makes you immune to supernaturally inflicted fear unless it plays off your Vice or a mental condition (in which case you just get a bonus). Helps you avoid being spooked by ghosts.||None.| |Dead Reckoning (2)||Something makes you feel more comfortable with the Dead than the living and Bonus to navigate the Realms of the Dead.||None| |Dragons Tongue (2/4)||..||None| |Empathic Bond (2)||Working like a Mother’s intuition for anyone, specify close persons to bond with||None| |Fog of Ages (1-5)||None| |Fortitude of the Soul (2)||You believe.. and having symbol of your faith with you improves your supernatural resistance.||True Faith, Symbol,| |Generation (1-5)||Denotes your Vampiric Generation, from 13th when no DoTs to 8th gen at 5 DoTs & 4th Gen at 9 DoTs. Kindred only.| |Ghoul (4)||You have yourself a Ghoul in your Retinue..||Kindred usually.| |Gifted (2-5)||These people are in tune with the Twilight in ways that grant them “Psychic Powers”.||Trauma, accident or intense treatment may cause this or born.| |Hardened Exorcist (2)||Skillful Exorcist with Experience..||Lots?| |Haunted (1-5)||A Being of some kind has latched onto you and is causing problems that will only escalate unless stopped.||??| |Lesser Shaman (6)||Part way towards being a Mage but nowhete near the power or danger involved.||Must be a Sleeper| |Lucid Dreamer (2)||Nothing distracts once she’s driving..||None| |Medium (3)||Interact with Ghosts etc and Linda dismiss or summon.||Lots| |Mythologist (2)||Lots of knowledge of Myths & legends..||Probs| |Necropolis • – •••••||None| |Nostalgia • – •••••||None| |Psychic • – •••••||Yes| |Sensitive (2)||Not quite in tune with the Twilight all around but somehow aware of it and vague feelings occur.||Various.| |Spirit Magnet • – •••••||None| |Spirit Mentor (3)||.||None| |Spirit Sight (4)||D||None| |Strong Aura ••||N||Drive(3)| |Supernatural Lore • – •••••||Actively owe money to some person, people or organization. Each DOT deducts a DOT from yourt.. Negatives mean …||Ath & Across| |Thin Blooded (1-5)||Beings with weaker than average Vitality in their blood. It means a lot less Power and potential. Vampires with such weak, watered down blood are often Outcast or lack Status and Power.||Flaw| |Unseen Senses ••||Select a specific type of Supernatural Creature which you have the ability to sense in some way.. More DOTs better the Sensing. This can be bought multiple times for multiple Creature types.||None| |Vision ••||Seeing things…||?| |Weak Aura • – •••••||None| |Whispers ••||Experiences strange voices in your head..||?| Merit Name Prerequisites Description Beast Whispers - You can talk down frenzying vampires. Clan Bane Immunity - You do not suffer your domitor’s clan bane. Powerful Vitae Blood Potency 6+ domitor You feed from a Kindred with exceptionally potent blood. Predatory Aura - You can pretend to be a vampire. Predatory Instinct - You can spot vampires on sight. Source Sympathy - You experience blood sympathy towards your domitor. Vitae Hound - You are a connoisseur of Vitae. Watch Dog - You can use your domitor’s Auspex during the day. Merit Name Prerequisites Description Allies - Friends and confederates. • Lawman’s Friend - The Sheriff and Hounds have taken a liking to you. • Old Pal - An Embraced friend from your mortal days. • Paramour - A Kindred lover and confidante. • Primogen Friendship - The city’s Primogen value your advice. Alternate Identity - A false identity, complete with documentation. • Broken Bond - Another Kindred thinks you are blood-bound to him. • Covenant Infiltrator - You have infiltrated a rival covenant or sect. • Personal Masquerade - You have passed yourself off as a member of another clan. Contacts - Mortal information sources the character possesses. • Cacophony Savvy - How in-touch the character is with the Cacophony. • Mole - An informer in a rival clan or covenant. Domain - Feeding grounds acknowledged by Kindred society. • Elysium Domain • Your domain includes an Elysium. Herd - Vessels to which the character has free and safe access. Mentor - An elder vampire who advises and supports the character. • Sugar Mommy/Daddy - A romantic relationship with an elder Kindred. Protégé - A childe or other younger Kindred mentored by your character. • Thrall - A Kindred your character has subjected to the blood bond. Safe Place - A secure location you control and own. • Outside Haven Tremere You have permission to make your haven outside the clan chantry. Status (Kindred) - The character’s standing and respect in undead society. • Kindred Friendship - The character’s closeness to a clan, covenant, or sect other than her own. • Setite Initiate Non-Setite You have been inducted into the Followers of Set. • Staff - A staff of ghoul and mortal servants who follow your orders. • Status (Camarilla) - The character’s standing and respect in the Camarilla. • Status (Clan) - The character’s standing and respect among her clan. • Status (Coterie) - The character’s standing and respect in a coterie. • Status (Covenant) - The character’s standing and respect in her covenant. • Status (Society) - The character’s standing and respect in some other Kindred-exclusive fraternity, cult, or secret society. • Title - An office of formal authority within the Camarilla. Touchstone - Additional mortals who help maintain Humanity. Merit Name Prerequisites Description Calm Heart - Your character frenzies less easily than most. Fury’s Focus Brujah Your character has greater control over her frenzies. Night Doctor Surgery Anarch, Medicine •• Your character has been trained as an Anarch Night Doctor. Merit Name Prerequisites Description Bloat - Your character can store more Vitae than most Kindred. Cannibal - Your character gains sustenance from human flesh. Blush of Health Non-Nosferatu Your character easily blends in among mortals. Eat Food - The ability to eat mortal food. Foul Blood - Your character’s blood tastes revolting. Light Sleeper Wits ••• Your character easily awakens during the day. Lizard Limbs - Your character can detach their limbs. Misplaced Heart - Your heart is not located where it should be, making you very difficult to stake. Monstrous Maw - Your character’s fangs do more damage. Prehensile Wings - You are capable of crude flight. Rugged Bad Looks Nosferatu You can pass for an extremely ugly human. Thick-Skinned - Your character is difficult to drain blood from. True Worm - You can remain awake during the day, so long as you remain underground. Unmarred Face Nosferatu Your character’s face is less deformed than other Nosferatu. Merit Name Prerequisites Description Antitoxin Blood - Immunity to poisons that affect Kindred. Benevolent Blood - Your blood does not drive ghouls mad. Malkavian only. Claws of the Unholy Protean • Your character’s Protean claws inflict horrific wounds. Close Sympathy - You are particularly close to Kindred wih whom you share blood ties. Closer Than Blood Paramour • You have a mental link to your Paramour. Consanguineous Resistance Sangiovanni Immunity to blood bonds from mortal relatives. Deceptive Aura - The ability to pass as mortal to other vampires. Discipline Prodigy - One of your clan Disciplines costs less Vitae to use. Embraced without the Cup Tremere Your character is not blood-bound to her elders. Favored Visage Obfuscate •••• You are especially adept at assuming certain appearances with Obfuscate. Generation - How many generations the character is removed from Caine. Ghost Eater - You can feed from ghosts. Gifts of the Beast - Hidden powers possessed by your character’s Beast. Hidden Diablerie - Your character is difficult to detect as a diablerist. Hive Minded Animalism • Animalism that works on insects. Indomitable Soul - Diablerizing you curses your murderer. Inoffensive to Animals - Animals do nut shun your presence. Intoxicating Vitae - Your vitae develops faster blood bonds. Lesser Mark of the Beast Gangrel Your character can mitigate their Beast Marks. Living Masquerade Alternate Identity ••• Your character blends in seemlessly among the kine. Lunatic Insight Malkavian A Malkavian’s inexplicable oracular insights. Malkavian Time Malkavian A Malkavian’s connection to the clan Madness Network. Of Rose and Thorn Animalism • You can use Animalism on plants. Sleep Unseen Obfuscate • Your character can use Obfuscate while sleeping. Swarm Form Protean ••• Your character can become a swarm of animals with Protean. Sympathetic Bond - Anyone who blood bonds your character becomes blood bonded too. Thousand Forms Protean ••• The power to assume an unlimited number of animal forms with Protean. Wits ••, Academics ••, Occult •, Geomantic Specialty Perceive mystical resonance in a specific city Area of Expertise Increase a Mental Specialty to +2 Dexterity ••• or Wits •••, Intelligence below ••• Use higher of Wits or Dexterity for Defense Allies (• to •••••)Social Effect: Allies help your character. They might be friends, employees, associates, or people your character has blackmailed. Each instance of this Merit represents one type of ally. This could be in an organization, a society, a clique, or an individual. Examples include the police, a secret society, crime, unions, local politics, and the academic community. Each purchase has its own rating. Your character might have Allies (Masons) ••, Allies (Carter Crime Family) •••, and Allies (Catholic Church) •. Each dot represents a layer of influence in the group. One dot would constitute small favors and passing influence. Three could offer considerable influence, such as the overlooking of a misdemeanor charge by the police. Five dots stretch the limits of the organization’s influence, as its leaders put their own influence on the line for the character. This could include things such as massive insider training or fouling up a felony investigation. No matter the request, it has to be something that organization could accomplish. The Storyteller assigns a rating between one and five to any favor asked. A character can ask for favors that add up to her Allies rating without penalty in one chapter. If she extends her influence beyond that, her player must roll Manipulation + Persuasion + Allies, with a penalty equal to the favor’s rating. If the roll is successful, the group does as requested. Failed or successful, the character loses a dot of Allies. This dot may return at the end of the chapter (see Sanctity of Merits, on p. 158.) On a dramatic failure, the organization resents her and seeks retribution. On an exceptional success, she doesn’t lose the dot. One additional favor a character can ask of her Allies is to block another character’s Allies, Contacts, Mentor, Retainer, or Status (if she knows the character possesses the relevant Merit). The rating is equal to the Merit dots blocked. As before, no roll is necessary unless the target’s Merit exceeds the character’s Allies. If the block succeeds, the character cannot use the Merit during the same chapter. Reference: ChoD 49 Alternate Identity (•,••, or •••)Social Effect: Your character has established an alternate identity. The level of this Merit determines the amount of scrutiny it can withstand. At one dot, the identity is superficial and unofficial. For example, your character uses an alias with a simple costume and adopts an accent. She hasn’t established the necessary paperwork to even approach a bureaucratic background check, let alone pass. At two dots, she’s supported her identity with paperwork and identification. It’s not liable to stand up to extensive research, but it’ll turn away private investigators and internet hobbyists. At three dots, the identity can pass thorough inspection. The identity has been deeply entrenched in relevant databases, with subtle flourishes and details to make it seem real even to trained professionals. The Merit also reflects time the character has spent honing the persona. At one or two dots, she gains a +1 to all Subterfuge rolls to defend the identity. At three dots, she gains +2. This Merit can be purchased multiple times. Each time representing an additional identity. Reference: ChoD 50 Effect: Your character does not suffer the -2 penalty for using his off-hand in combat or to perform other actions. Available only at character creation. Reference: ChoD 47 Animal Empathy (?)Social Anonymity (1-5) Social Prerequisites: Cannot have Fame. Effect: Your character lives off the grid. This means purchases must be made with cash or falsified credit cards. She eschews identification. She avoids any official authoritative influence in her affairs. Any attempts to find her by paper trail suffer a -1 penalty per dot purchased in this Merit. Drawback: Your character cannot purchase the Fame Merit. This also may limit Status purchases, if the character cannot provide sufficient identification for the roles she wishes to take. Reference: ChoD 50 Area of Expertise (•)Mental Prerequisite: Resolve •• and one Skill Specialty Effect: Your character is uncommonly specialized in one area. Choose a Specialty to assign to this Merit. Forgo the +1 bonus afforded by a Specialty in exchange for a +2. Reference: ChoD 44 Can safely gauge how far Old Laws can be pushed Cheap Shot (••)Fighting Prerequisites: Street Fighting •••, Subterfuge •• Effect: Your character is a master at the bait and switch. She can look off in an odd direction and prompt her opponent to do the same, or she might step on someone’s toes to distract them. Either way, she fights dirty. Make a Dexterity + Subterfuge roll as a reflexive action. The opponent’s player contests with Wits + Composure. If you score more successes, the opponent loses his Defense for the next turn. Each time a character uses this maneuver in a scene, it levies a cumulative -2 penalty to further uses since the opposition gets used to the tricks. Reference: ChoD 61 Choke Hold (••)Fighting Prerequisites: Brawl •• If you can get your hands on someone, it’s over. When grappling, you can use the Choke move. • Choke: If you rolled more successes than twice the victim’s Stamina, he’s unconscious for (six – Stamina) minutes. You must first have succeeded at a Hold move. If you don’t score enough successes at first, you can Choke your opponent on future turns and total your successes. Reference: ChoD 61 Close Quarters Combat (• to •••••)Fighting [Style] Prerequisites: Wits •••, Athletics ••, Brawl ••• You know that hitting someone in the face is an easy way to break the little bones in your hand. To that end, you’ve perfected the art of using the environment to hurt people. Firing Lines (•): In some situations, your best option is a tactical retreat â€” especially if you’ve inadvertently brought a knife to a gunfight. You can run for cover as a reaction to a ranged attack instead of dropping prone (see “Going Prone,”Â pp. 164-165 of the World of Darkness Rulebook). You give up your action for the turn but can get to any cover that’s within twice your Speed. Hard Surfaces (••): Bouncing someone’s head off a urinal, computer monitor, or a brick wall is a handy way to increase the amount of hurt inflicted while not breaking the aforementioned hand bones. When you’re grappling someone, you can bounce them off a hard surface with a Damage move. You deal lethal damage and immediately end the grapple. Armored Coffin (•••): The problem with protection is simple: the very things that protect you can be turned against you. That holds true for body armor just as much as anything else. Sure, it blocks bullets and knives, but get in a clinch and you might as well be wearing a straightjacket. When you grapple an opponent, add their general armor rating to your dice pool. When you use a Damage move, ignore your opponent’s armor. This technique can’t be used in conjunction with Hard Surfaces. Prep Work (••••): If you’ve got a second to look around, you could catch someone by surprise almost anywhere. When launching a surprise attack, your Dexterity + Stealth roll becomes a rote action. Drawback: You can’t use this Merit to set up sniper attacks â€” your ambush must use Brawl or Weaponry. Turnabout (•••••): If you’re caught short in a fight, your opponent’s weapon suits you just fine. When you attempt to Disarm your opponent, step the results up one level â€” on a failure, your opponent drops the weapon. On a success, you take possession of your opponent’s weapon. On an exceptional success, you’ve got the weapon and your opponent takes two points of bashing damage. Reference: ChoD 61 Closed Book (• to •••••)Social Prerequisite: Manipulation •••, Resolve ••• Effect: Your character is particularly tough to crack. When a character uses Social Maneuvering (see p. 81) against her, add her dots in this Merit as additional Doors. In other Social actions to uncover her true feelings, motives, and position, add her Merit dots to any contested rolls for her. At the Storyteller’s discretion, this can apply to supernatural effects used against her. For example, it might allow her to resist a power that forces her to speak the truth, since she can manipulate the wording. However, it wouldn’t affect someone looking at her aura, since she cannot manipulate her spiritual resonance. Reference: ChoD 50 Common Sense (3) Mental Effect: Your character has an exceptionally sound and rational mind. With a moment’s thought, she can weigh potential courses of action and outcomes. Once per chapter as an instant action, you may ask the Storyteller one of the following questions about a task at hand or course of action. Roll Wits + Composure. If you succeed, the Storyteller must answer to the best of her ability. If you fail, you get no answer. With an exceptional success, you can ask an additional question. • What is the worst choice? • What do I stand to lose here? • What’s the safest choice? • Am I chasing a worthless lead? Reference: ChoD 44 Combat Awareness (2) +2 to any situational awareness roll Crafter’s Sense (3) Common Sense related to a chosen Crafts Specialty +2 to detect ambush Gains 8-again when navigating in the Underworld; loses 10-again navigating above ground. Remember with ease, gain +2 to Intelligence + Composure to remember facts from large swaths of data Ignores stress penalties equal to Resolve Know obscure facts choose a topic and can make Intelligence + Wits rolls to gain facts related to it at any time Wits ••• or Dex •••, Crafts •••, Crafts Specialty of Demolitions Reduce penalty for disarming unfamiliar explosives +1 to Perception when using psychoactive drugs Good Time Management Academics, Medicine or Science •• Cut time for non-magical extended rolls by 1/4 Asy 50, Rel 84 +1 on Resolve rolls to resist coercion Help others heal faster Hypnotic Voice (4) : Persuasion (3), Science (3), Hypnotherapy (s) Induce trance state Hypnosis (3): Medicine (1), Occult (1) •• or •••• Wits ••, Mental Skill •• Use specified Skill in place of Expression Two Skills ••• Share Specialty between two Skills Speak another language WoD 109, errata Fight off intrusions into dreams Control dream environment and engage intruders in dream combat • to ••• Wits •••, Skill • Remove -1/dot penalty for shoddy tools No penalties to meditate • to ••••• 2 languages per dot, conversationally Intelligence ••, Stealth ••• Strike a Killing Blow (WoD 168) against a single unsuspecting target Occult ••, Underworld Specialty Gains some insight into some of the Underworld’s enigmas • to ••• Inhibit mental alteration by psychics Resolve ••, Science or Academics •••• Resist mental breakdown with Science or Academics Science •••, Specialty Common Sense related to Science • to ••••• Know the ways of a particular type of supernatural being. May be purchased separately for multiple types. • or •• Encyclopedic Knowledge in one topic •• or ••• Intelligence ••••, Medicine •• After killing something, roll Intelligence + Medicine. •• version allows to ‘taunt’ those who would make Wits + Investigation rolls. ••• version allows to change the ‘meaning’ of a murder. Tolerance for Biology Resistance Attribute •• +2 to keep composed when shown scenes of violence or carnage Composure ••, Investigation • Memorize information perfectly; roll to memorize for entire scene (i.e. everything a character could sense in a given moment) instead of specific information or sensory input • or ••• Wits ••• or Composure ••• Ignore penalties or gain Rote quality on Perception rolls • to ••• Navigate the Chicago Undercity tunnels, ignoring penalties equal to dots in this Merit • to ••••• Mental Attribute or Composure •••• Use successes on Vision+Skill roll to aid an Extended Action 9-Again on Mental and Social rolls relating to foreign cultures Can purchase Dream and use it as Instant Action, at the cost of sanity Remove off-hand penalty to attack •• or •••• Strength •••, Stamina ••• Reduce heavy armor penalties by 1 (••) or 2 (••••) Dexterity ••, Athletics • Add Athletics rather than doubling Defense on Dodge Strength ••, Brawl • Add Brawl rather than doubling Defense on Dodge • to •• Strength ••• or Intelligence ••• Can ignore 1 (•) or 2 (••) points of Durability when attempting to damage objects Dexterity •••, Weaponry • Can disarm if damage exceeds Dexterity Dexterity ••, Brawl ••• Successful, defenseless Brawl strike adds damage as bonus to subsequent grappling attack Dexterity •••, Brawl ••, Weaponry •• Add size of blunt weapon (3 or less) to overpowering maneuver dice pool • or •• +1/dot to Initiative Dexterity •••, Weaponry •• Substitute Dexterity for Strength Dexterity ••, Wits ••, Brawl ••, Firearms •• Subtract Brawl dots from attempts to disarm by overpowering Fleet of Foot • to ••• +1/dot to Speed Fast Reflexes •• Delay action into next round Ground and Pound Combination Blows, Boxing ••• or Aggressive Striking •••, Grappling •• Perform Takedown/Throw, gain +2 to following unarmed strike Dexterity •••, Firearms ••• Two gun attacks per round Strength •••, Brawl •• +1 damage to unarmed strikes • to ••• Stamina ••• or Resolve ••• Negate fatigue/injury penalties Eat even unpalatable cuisine +2 on Stamina rolls to resist illness Negate environmental penalties to Survival -2 to all rolls to visually detect character Draw weapon reflexively Heal twice as fast Only -1 to attack when using a shield instead of -2 Substitute Resolve for Dexterity on Drive rolls +1 to lift or carry +2 on Stamina rolls to hold breath Student of the Blade Fencing • or Iaido • May use Fighting Style with all Size 2 blades. Drive and carry out another action The Weapon at Hand Krav Maga •• Reflexive Wits + Weaponry roll for improvised weapon, instant action to wield, no penalty for being improvised +2 on Stamina rolls to resist toxins Strength ••, Weaponry • Add Weaponry rather than doubling Defense on Dodge Weapons to Empty Hands Dexterity •••, Brawl •••, Weaponry •••, Two Weapons or Filipino Martial Arts or Knife Fighting •••• Use Brawl instead of Weaponry for maneuver-related attacks. Dexterity ••, Drive •• Gain 9-Again on Drive rolls • to ••••• Call upon favors from an individual, group or organization with influence and resources proportional to dots in this Merit • to •••• Loyal animal partner with intelligence and capability proportional to dots in this Merit •• to •••• Resolve ••, Larceny or Subterfuge •• -1/dot to attempts to investigate character • to ••••• Own an array of weapons and armor. May be shared among multiple characters Find ways into bars and clubs +2 to navigate a bureaucratic system • to ••••• Access to information through a particular individual, group or organization. Depth of shared information is proportional to dots in this Merit • to ••••• Formal awards for meritorious conduct from the military or a comparable organization • to ••••• Strong beneficial or harmful relationship with another character • to ••• Mortal acclaim, +1/dot to Socialize • or ••• Always find a way to buy and sell stolen goods • to ••••• The aid of a friend, ally or peer. Distribute dots in this Merit between the Friend’s Power (comparable to yours at •••) and level of Trust with you Gain bonus to locate authority figures in local power structures Help others regain Willpower •• or •••• Live a wealthy, comfortable lifestyle at the sufferance of a patron • to ••••• Guidance and interference of an authority in a field, with capability and influence proportional to dots in this Merit •, •• or •••• Establish a forged identity • to ••••• Disposable monthly income ranging from $500 USD at • to $50,000 USD at •••••, with total assets ranging from several hundred GBP at • to millions of GBP at •••••. • to ••••• Loyal agent, employee or cohort with influence and capability proportional to dots in this Merit Shadow Cult Initiation • to ••••• Membership in a cult, with unique benefits to each level of initiation Small Unit Tactics Manipulation •••, Persuasion •••, Leadership Specialty When conducting a tactical maneuver with squad, leader can spend Willpower to benefit entire group • to ••••• Resources ≥ Staff Employees or workers at a set venue, with manpower and expertise proportional to dots in this Merit • to ••••• Authority and sway with a group or organization, to a depth proportional to dots in this Merit •• or •••• Appearance adds 2 to relevant Social rolls • to •••• Empowerment as a law enforcement official, with scope of jurisdiction proportional to dots in this Merit Help others resist side effects of drugs +2 to escape notice while casing a target under cover of some mundane activity. +1 to Resolve to resist The Forgetful Mind (Dominate •••) • to ••••• Possess a cursed item, which may be invoked for a benefit and a paired drawback Difficult to Ride Resolve •••, Composure ••• +2 to resist the control or influence of ghosts and spirits • to ••••• Grant a chosen vehicle bonuses for a scene per day You can welcome a possessing spirit in, remaining alert while ridden You can welcome even spirits without the Possession Numen +1 to Persuasion and Socialize rolls against spirits, often surrounded by spirit activity • to ••••• Possess a mystic relic +1 to determine how to use a relic, or whether it is cursed Occult ••, Crafts •• Create limited-use relics with an extended Resolve + Occult ritual, following the crafting itself +1 to Intimidation, abjury and exorcism against spirits, but -1 to Expression, Persuasion and Socialize against them ••• to ••••• You know how and where to ask questions of a mysterious entity, but it extracts a price for answers • to ••••• Take refuge in a place where spirits have difficulty following •• to •••• Wits or Composure ••• +1 to Empathy and Subterfuge rolls to understand spirits speaking human tongues, ignoring penalties, or with four dots, roll Wits + Empathy – 3 to understand the tongue of spirits
Max D. Hornbogen I Sit Alone - Poem by Max D. Hornbogen I sit alone by my window, while the sun is shining through. So do you think I should get outside, maybe even take a look around. Flowers seem to grow in the summer time. So I sit alone by my window, while the sun is shining through. Do you hear the birds singing? Its sounds so beautiful to me. Your voice is sending me the chills. I can hear you crying and it is tearing me apart inside. But I only sit by my window, while the sun shines through. I take a look around and I see life all around. Could I even take a walk, just to let my self-go into the nowhere land? Feels like the wind is moving around me in different directions. I can even see the trees moving, as if it was alive. But it was only the wind passing by. Well I only sit alone by my window, while the sun is shining through. How could it be that I am here, just waiting for you? You always seem to take your time, but there is no hurry. I will just let the sun rise up from its bed. Until then I will find my way into the nowhere land. Comments about I Sit Alone by Max D. Hornbogen Read this poem in other languages This poem has not been translated into any other language yet. Still I Rise The Road Not Taken If You Forget Me Edgar Allan Poe Stopping By Woods On A Snowy Evening I Do Not Love You Except Because I Love You
Magus Long Staff - ...of Intellect (25.0% chance) - ...of Power (1.9% chance) +25 Attack Power - ...of Spirit (4.4% chance) - ...of Stamina (3.6% chance) - ...of the Bear (10.5% chance) +17 Strength , +17 Stamina - ...of the Boar (9.2% chance) +17 Versatility , +17 Strength - ...of the Eagle (10.6% chance) +17 Stamina , +17 Intellect - ...of the Monkey (8.8% chance) +17 Agility , +17 Stamina - ...of the Owl (8.3% chance) +17 Intellect , +17 Versatility - ...of the Whale (7.2% chance) +17 Stamina , +17 Versatility - ...of the Wolf (10.4% chance) +17 Agility , +17 Versatility - Screenshots containing UI elements are generally declined on sight, the same goes for screenshots from the modelviewer or character selection screen. - The higher the quality the better! - Please review our Screenshot Guidelines before submitting! The Wowhead Client is a little application we use to keep our database up to date, and to provide you with some nifty extra functionality on the website! It serves 2 main purposes: - It maintains a WoW addon called the Wowhead Looter, which collects data as you play the game! - It uploads the collected data to Wowhead in order to keep the database up-to-date! You can also use it to keep track of your completed quests, recipes, mounts, companion pets, and titles! So, what are you waiting for? Download the client and get started.
I have just finished my first rotation with first graders and it definitely was an exciting journey. I am getting better with my oral communication skills but of course I still need more practice. Teaching so many lessons this first rotation has made it easier for me to stand up in front of the class and teach them. As I started to get into the lesson that I was teaching I would actually start to loosen up and I was able to really think about what I wanted to say before I said it. While giving a lesson on poems I was really able to lead the class into what I wanted them to learn and I was able to spurt off questions about the topic without having to really put much thought into it. So I guess I can say it's becoming a little second nature. I have learned so far that there is a lot more things involved in teaching then what I thought. I know my teacher gets overwhelmed with how much stuff she has to do and it seems like it's never ending. I have learned that not everything goes according to plan and you just have to be very flexible and face whatever comes your way. I have learned that First graders are very enthusiastic learners and they really look up to you. That's why I want to teach first grade when I graduate because they are very inquisitive and they are very engaged and interested in whatever they are learning at the moment. I have noticed that I need to work on my class management skills because as of right now they are kind of poor. I didn't realize how hard it is to teach a lesson and manage the class. Teachers are definitely multitaskers. I noticed while walking the class to their specials that it's hard to keep each child in line and if you pay attention to the front of the line then the children in the back of the line act up and if you pay attention to the back of the line then the front of the line acts up. So it was definitely frustrating. This was a big challenge that I have tried to handle by relaxing and trying to talk to the class collectively about the type of behavior I expect out of them. I have still yet to overcome this class management challenge but hopefully by the end of the semester I will be a little bit better. My personal goals for the remainder of the semester is to not stress out so much when presenting my lessons and to take one problem at a time. I also make it my goal to manage the class better and to focus on higher order thinking skills to apply to my class. Book Review: The Maze Runner by James Dashner 3 years ago
At a meeting today Cleveland Fire Authority has reached a decision on the proposals which were set out in the draft Community Integrated Risk Management Plan 2014 – 2018. The proposals were put forward following a Government imposed £5.758m grant reduction over the next four years on top of the previous year’s £4m cuts. The Fire Authority undertook an extensive six week public consultation and communication exercise where the Brigade engaged with all of its stakeholders. The aim was to raise awareness and understanding of the changes within the service over the next four years and gave the public an opportunity to contribute to its decisions for improving safety on Teesside. Councillor Robbie Payne, Chair of Cleveland Fire Authority said, “The decisions we have had to make today have been forced upon us due to the severity of the Government Grant cuts. “We don’t want to have fewer resources and less firefighters but we have to accept that we have less money to run the Brigade and therefore need to change how we do things. “The decision to approve the proposals was a difficult one, but sadly one that had to be made. Cleveland Fire Authority believes that by taking the proposals forward, we will still be able to maintain a high level of service which keeps our community safe. “We have listened to the feedback we have received through the consultation process and we have made changes to the proposals that were first put forward. There is one less fire engine to change from wholetime to on-call saving 16 jobs, we are pushing back some of the cuts to help in managing the staff reductions, and we are removing the proposal on potentially becoming a Public Service Mutual to outside the CIRMP.” Chief Fire Officer Ian Hayton said, “We don’t want to make any cuts but with a significant budget reduction we don’t have any choice. We have had to look at the best way in which we can continue being a high performing fire service with public safety as a priority. The approved proposals, I believe, will have the least negative impact on service provision and most importantly community and fire-fighter safety. “The following proposals have been approved by Cleveland Fire Authority and will be implemented over the next four years. A final Community Integrated Risk Management Plan 2014 – 2018 will be produced and released on 1 April which will set out how we will achieve the £5.758m savings.” - examining the number of committees and elected members required to govern Cleveland Fire Authority saving £0.040 million - undertaking a full organisational review to include: management structures; prevention , protection, and technical and corporate support services; fire control capability; and trade union facilities time saving £1.1 million - deploying our emergency response resources against actual risk (incidents) rather than potential risk - introducing enhanced capability rescue pumps at Stranton, Redcar, Stockton and Coulby Newham that combine the functionality of a fire engine and a specialist emergency tender vehicle removing 16 firefighter posts and saving £0.610 million - combining the functionality of a fire engine and a specialist aerial platform by the provision of a Combined Aerial Rescue Pumps (CARP) at Middlesbrough and Stockton removing 8 firefighter posts and saving £0.305 million - closing Marine Fire Station and the transfer of the existing fire engine to Stockton fire station where it will be crewed by on-call fire-fighters removing 20 whole-time firefighter posts and saving £0.616 million - introducing on – call crewing arrangements for four of the five second fire engines at Stranton, Stockton, Thornaby, Grangetown, and Redcar fire stations removing 60 whole-time firefighter posts and creating 48 On-Call firefighter post with a net saving £1.761million - introducing small (low risk) fires units at Stockton and Grangetown fire stations crewed by 12 whole-time fire-fighters on a peak activity staffing arrangement costing £0.459 million
Since moving to Australia seven years ago, Doug Bruce has moved from back of stage as a drummer to front man, honing his craft as a singer-songwriter, gathering several industry awards and an ever-increasing and loyal fan-base thereafter. Doug self-produced his first two award-winning albums from his recording facility, Shoo Fly Studios. In this long-ranging interview Doug tells Walshy about his background growing up in Texas, the challenges of recording the new album Made That Way, and lots more. Produced by Kevin Walsh, the Album of the Week feature is heard live on GMC every morning. You can hear the interviews in full here.
Custom Printed Steel Keyring with Castle Logo |FOB Unit Price:||US $0.48 US $0.2| |Purchase Qty. (Pieces)||FOB Unit Price| |Production Capacity:||500, 000 PCS/Month| |Transport Package:||1PCS/OPP Bag, 100PCS/Bigbag| |Payment Terms:||L/C, T/T, Paypal, Money Gram, Western Union| - Model NO.: KD0697 - Metal Type: Stainless Steel - Shape: Geometry - Processing: Offset Printing - Surface Treatment: Printing - Technicals: Stainless Steel Printing - Thickness: 1.5mm - Plating: Without - Attachment: 32mm Diameter Keyring - Payment: T/T,Paypal,Western Union - Specification: 15-50mm, (Customer Design) - HS Code: 8310000000 - Usage: Promotion Gifts - Style: Business - Suitable for: Universal - Feature: Eco-Friendly - Item: Metal Keychain - Size: 51*32mm - Logo: Silk Screen Printing - Colour: Any Pantone Colour - Shipping: by DHL, UPS, FedEx - Trademark: Custom Branded - Origin: Guangdong, China Our factory successfully manufactured millons of good quality keychain, metal keychain, PVC keychain, Trolley coin keychain, Zinc alloy keychain,badge etc with competitive price for many years in China. More information for metal keychain. Type: Metal keychain 1. Material: Brass/iron/zinc alloy. 2. Process: Die-cast or die-struck, plating, hard enamel or soft enamel. 3. Plating: Gold, silver, bronze, nickel, matte finish and antique finish, any plating is available 4. Various designs, size and finish are available. 5. Size: 1.5'', 1-3/4, 2'', 2.5'', 3'', thickness: 2---4mm 6. Effect: Single or double-sided, 2D and 3D 7. Delivery: 8 days for samples, 12-15 days for production 8. Shipping via Air freight, by sea or by FedEx/DHL/TNT/UPS/EMS/Express. 9. Freight charge: Our company is the VIP customer of FedEx and DHL, so we can get a competitive lower freight charge. 10. Our products are high quality with competitive price. 11. Please do not hesitate to give us a call or send an email if you have any questions at all. We are more than happy to answer even the smallest question for you and we will gladly give you a bid on any item you are interested in. 12. We welcome customer's own design, please feel free to contact us for the further details. We off the following service for every metal keychain order: Free artwork and design for metal keychain. Free full color proof with unlimited revisions. Mould and film charge will be FREE if order Qty meets our order policy. Free sample charge for metal keychain. Delivery in time and quality guaranteed. Please feel free to contact me for further details about our metal keychain. |Custom Printed Steel Keyring with Castle Logo||Process||Die casting| |Logo||As per your design||Attachmenr||keyring| |Quantity||NO MOQ||Packing||1pcs/opp, 100pcs/big bag| |Sample time||7 days||Production time||12--15days| |Color||Any color from Pantone card||Payment period||Balance before delivery| |Payment term||paypal/TT/Western Union||OEM||Welcome|
One of the team members of DealDash invited me to check out their service and make a review of it. As one who bids quite often on items that I am interested with, I gladly accepted. Who knows, maybe they have something different that others do not. And boy is DealDash something else! If you have experienced bidding for items before, here is where DealDash’s Competitive shopping service stands out. First and foremost, you need to register for an account for free! Next, you need to buy credits for a dollar each in order to have funds to bid. Once you have enough funds, you can click the bid button where each click raises the price by 10 cents and the timer gets reset to 30 seconds. Once the bidding time has expired after you bid, you get to win the item at a very good price. It is that simple! If you do not get to win the bidding, do not worry! You can still get the same item at a discounted price. This is because for every bid you make reduces the price of its so called “buy-it-now” price. It is absolutely a win-win situation for you. Go check out DealDash! I am off to do some bidding of my own ;).
H730 Series Datasheet H730 Series Install H730 Series Eng Spec The Hawkeye 730 Series combines an on/off status sensor and command relay in one package. It is ideal for monitoring and controlling motors where belt loss is not a concern. Three models in the series. See datasheet. Tel: 1-800-794-5883 | Fax: 1-800-830-7122 | 2005 Copyright © Mod-Tronic.com | Contact Us | Site Map
The Bumbo Floor Seat is a parenting essential and the perfect first seat for babies. The Bumbo Floor Seat should only be used when your baby can support his or her head. With the Bumbo Floor Seat, parents can engage with their child during key developmental milestones from playtime to feeding time and give baby a chance to see his or her surroundings from a new perspective. *Play Tray sold separately. The Bumbo Floor Seat should not be used until your baby can support his or her head.
We are in need of a logo to be used for our website and any future promotional material. The company, CUSEC (Canadian University Software Engineering Conference) is a non-profit organization which runs a student organized conference every January for Software Engineering students. Every year, CUSEC has a theme, which is used by presenters in their talks. For 2009, the theme is 'software (r)evolutions'. Below is a blurb about the theme. Revolutions such as social software, virtualization, and software as a service have opened up new approaches and techniques to explore. We evolve our knowledge within these new spaces until we reach limits, precipitating the next revolution. Can we combine what we know about past trends with observations about today’s challenges to predict where we’ll take technology next? The logo should predominantly portray the theme and it's link to software engineering. The colours for the logo must reflect the site layout which has already been completed (see http://sandbox.cusec.net). The current colours are: Dark Brown: #594c2a / RGB(89,76,42) Dark Gray: #333333 / RGB(51,51,51) Turquoise: #6ccce2 / RGB(108,204,226) Tanish: #a8927b / RGB(164,146,123) For past logos and examples, see http://2007.cusec.net (theme = designing for the future) and http://2008.cusec.net (theme = making it fun).
With all the pre- and post-E3 love Bungie showed to Sony, the big debate was how long non-PlayStation owners would have to wait for the Xbox One Destiny beta and Xbox 360 Destiny beta. Turns out, the timed exclusivity isn’t all that long. The Xbox One Destiny beta and Xbox 360 beta will both begin at 10:00am Pacific on July 23. Both Xbox betas require an Xbox Live Gold subscription. By comparison, the public Destiny PS4 beta and PS3 betas will begin one week earlier, at 10:00am Pacific on July 17. As with the Xbox betas, the Destiny PlayStation beta will require a PlayStation Plus subscription “for some features.” That last phrase is an important one, as it appears even non-PS-Plus members will be able to get in on the action at least to some extent. Xbox One or Xbox 360 owners will have to be an XBL Gold member just to get their hands on the Destiny beta. Whether you participate in the Xbox One Destiny beta, Destiny PS4 beta or either of the “last-gen” systems, the beta will conclude on the same date. That means PlayStation owners will have an extra week to play. The Destiny beta will be live until 11:59pm Pacific on July 27. Xbox One owners get to play the beta for four days only, so play hard and play often during that window. The only time PlayStation beta participants will be unable to play is July 21-22. Bungie has said the beta will be offline during those days for “scheduled maintenance.” In addition to announcing the dates of the Destiny beta, Activision today also unveiled the full details of the Destiny Ghost Edition and Destiny Limited Edition. Long story short: the Ghost Edition is epic. If you pre-order one of those packages, or even the “normal” version, you’ll be guaranteed access to the Xbox One Destiny beta, the PS4 Destiny beta, or the public beta for whichever platform version you pre-order. Just get in there soon and do it, so you can really maximize your beta play time. Bungie also released a new Destiny beta video today, which you can watch below.
We are just days away from Super Bowl aka Commercial Bowl, the Puppy Bowl and Stuff Yourself Sunday. If you survey men, women, kids and dogs… they all plan on being in front of their TV’s on Sunday. Even the non-sports fan will be a fan for a day so they can partake in a little chili con queso, refreshments and calling the over-under on how many times Peyton Manning yells “Omaha”! While I for one, appreciate game day party classics like Spinach Dip and Lil’ Smokies, I do like to incorporate modern twists on the favorite classics. I also like to set a festive party and offer a variety of beverages with a focus on the bubbles since its a party favorite and a nice contrast to the heavy game day fare. Because at the end of the day I want my guests to leave full and happy with the thought that they will be back next year. So in the spirit of it all I offer the simplest of party recipes… a crowd pleaser and will go with any of your beverages, in my case the Blanc de Noirs. Plus, it eliminates people trying to squeeze their chips in between commercial breaks I mean, plays on the field. - 1 (16 ounce) can refried beans - 1 (1 ounce) package taco seasoning - 1 cup guacamole - 1 (8 ounce) container sour cream - 1 cup chunky salsa or pico de gallo - 1 cup shredded cheddar or Mexican blend cheese - 2 tomatoes, diced - 1/2 bunch of green onions, sliced - 1 (2.25 ounce) can of sliced olives, drained - 8 (9 ounce) plastic tumblers - tortilla chips - In a small bowl mix taco seasoning with re-fried beans. Some people prefer to mix their taco seasoning with the sour cream layer but I wanted a bright white layer so I did it with the beans. - Here’s how the layers are assembled: - Layer 1: beans and taco seasoning; Layer 2: sour cream; Layer 3: guacamole; Layer 4: salsa or pico de gallo; Layer 5: cheese; Layer 6: tomatoes; Layer 7: green onions and olives - In each plastic glass, layer about 2 Tablespoons of the beans, followed by 2 Tablespoons of sour cream, 2 Tablespoons of guacamole, 2 Tablespoons of salsa or pico de gallo, and 2 Tablespoons of cheese. Make sure you drain your salsa or pico to get the excess liquid out before you pour it on. Then top with about 1-2 teaspoons of tomatoes, olives, and green onion (If making ahead of time, wait to add these toppings until shortly before serving). - Garnish with one tortilla chip. Store in the refrigerator until serving and serve with chips. Makes around 8 individual dips. - Thank you to The Girl who Ate Everything blog for being the source for this recipe and many more of my favorites!
Conan Acheronian Edition Infantry officer and military advisor |Levels||Soldier 5 (81 points)| Feats: Formation Combat: Heavy Infantry, Officer, Weapon Focus, Weapon specialization, Parry, Power Attack, Great Fortitude, Toughness, (2 unselected) Skills (32 points + 8 background) |Athletics||6 + 3||9| |Gather Information||8 + 0||8| |Intimidate||4 + 3 + 2 (S)||11| |Know: Warfare||8 + 2||10| |Ride||6 + 2||8| |Perception||6 + 0 + 2 (S)||8| Mazare is the most seasoned veteran among the soldiers Barathus rescued from slavery. He is no longer young, but looks even older. Wrinkles and patches of grayed hair cover his face, enhancing the impression of a stressed old man. Mazare is disappointed in himself, feeling that he hasn’t really achieved anything in his life. He’s angry, badmouthed and needlessly onerous. People often see him bullying the recruits or just cursing to himself. Regardless of this, he is a skilled commander and archer. It’s a running joke among the soldiers of the keep that Mazare has never laid a woman without monetary compensation. It is rather unwise to tell this joke to his face.
Every Saturday, from about 2.30 - 4.30 pm, Mediacorp telecast the serial " The Great Revival" on our local TV. In hanyu pinyin it is sometimes referred to as "Wo Xin Chang Dan " as a title of this series. There has been several movie and serial versions made of this epic story between King Gou Jian of Yue kingdom and his deadly adversary King Fu Chai of Wu Kingdom. I happened to be doing quite a bit of research of China's ancient history, when I came upon the story of the most well-preserved ancient sword of all time. That was about 2 years ago. Then, inexplicably I switched on the TV one Saturday, this year and saw this actual story being shown weekly. I was hooked. Except for times I was away or for the kids' sake, I caught up on all the unfolding drama, the history, plots and sub-plots of this incomparable story. Has any of you watched it yet? I'm thinking of buying the whole series of 41 episodes .....later when the price goes down. Why I'm writing this post now is because of the research I've done and still doing. The Yues were allied to the Chu Kingdom. Their common enemy was the WU kingdom. In ancient times, the original "YIP" or "YE" people were from CHU kingdom ! Refer to my previous, earlier post in this blogsite. The Yues were very much linked to the Chus ( the forefathers of the Ye ). Recently, I visited Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province....with D2. There, with the help of a professional guide Shirley and a friend Mr Fu , we went to the Hubei Provincial Museum where we were taken to see the actual "Sword of Gou Jian " ( see photo at top ). Using my camera, I took several snapshots of this unforgettable sight...as well as many other equally superb finds. Most of my photos and detailed reports about all this will be at my Blogsite...in upcoming posts. Labels: Gou Jian sword, Hubei Province
The parents of a Texas teen who died from a ruptured pancreas two hours after complaining of a stomachache to his school nurse are now on a mission to figure out what caused the rupture, so that others can be aware. Josh Gray, 17, was at Dawson High School Tuesday when he began experiencing stomach pain, KHOU.com reported. Doctors say both the artery leading to Gray’s pancreas and the organ itself ruptured, causing uncontrollable bleeding, KHOU.com reported. “He went from going to school yesterday morning, normal day, happy, to having a stomachache, to within two hours not being with us anymore,” Laurie Gray, Josh’s mother, told KHOU.com. She said the money raised through a GoFundMe started in Josh’s honor will go toward research in finding a cure for rare underlying diseases. “I will never lose touch with all of his friends and I’ll always see him through them,” Laurie told KHOU.com. Gray is being remembered for his love of golf, travel and friendship, the website reported, with those in mourning over his death vowing to carry out his plans for a mission trip this summer. “Josh loved everyone for who they were,” Austin Hurst, Gray’s friend, told KHOU.com. “I’m loud and obnoxious, he loved that about me. I mean, he loved all of us for exactly who we were. And that was the best part about being with Josh. You could be you.”
A sensitive but confused teenager feels pressure on him from all directions and turns to drugs, which causes problems for him in school and at home. Did You Know? Based on a true story. See more [after Richie has stumbled home high on reds and pot, Carol turns to George What's wrong with him? Same thing as always. [walks down the hall to Richie's room, not seeing him, finds hidden panel in closet leading to cubbyhole where Richie is withdrawing... George grabs him and hauls him out Go away! Go away! Leave me alone! STOP IT! STOP IT! [Richie runs out sobbing and into Carol's arms... she leads him out of the room while George destroys the cubbyhole's contents
Using the Broker Known Importer Program to Speed your Shipments through Customs Webinar: 1 CCS Credit The Broker Known Importer Program, developed by the National Customs Brokers and Forwarders Association of America and recently implemented by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, allows CBP to leverage the customs broker’s relationship with the importer and to provide benefits to shipments from known importers. This webinar will discuss the requirements for the BKIP, how brokers can identify importers as “known,” and the benefits to participation for importers and brokers. Tom Gould is Senior Director, Customs and International Trade, for Sandler, Travis & Rosenberg, P.A. He is based in Los Angeles, where he has been involved with the international trade community since 1989, and is affiliated with ST&R’s San Francisco office. A licensed customs broker and certified customs specialist, he regularly advises retailers, importers, exporters and others on supply chain security, classification, origin determination, qualification for free trade agreements and special duty reduction programs, and product safety. He is a member of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Trade Support Network and chairs its integrated communications subcommittee, serves as president of the Foreign Trade Association and is a member of the Los Angeles Customs Brokers & Freight Forwarders Association and the International Compliance Professionals Association.
Date of Birth 4 May 1978, Lewiston, Maine, USA Erin Jill Andrews 5' 10" (1.78 m) Television sideline reporter for ESPN Sports Network. She began her career with her FSN Florida as a freelance reporter from 2000-01 before serving as a Tampa Bay Lightning reporter for the Sunshine Network from 2001-02. She then worked as a studio host for Turner Sports from 2002-2004, covering the Atlanta Braves and college football for TBS and Atlanta Thrashers and Atlanta Hawks for Turner South. Graduated from the University of Florida with a degree in telecommunications in 2000. While there she was a member of the Zeta Tau Alpha sorority. She was also a member of the Dazzlers, the Gator basketball dance team, from 1997-2000. In 2007, she was voted "America's Sexiest Sportscaster" by Playboy Magazine.
One morning, Skeeter woke up to a hazy sky. It'd rain soon. This happens many a times...The weather goes bad and you are cribbing and cribbing and some more when one morning you wake up to this: A dhaba near the old office in central Delhi served AWESOME alu paranthas. With mixed achar (pickle they call it), makhan (Skeeter won't call it butter here) and a big dollop of dahi (yoghurt you know it as :P )An evening when you can have elaichi chai with the self would find you somewhere near a nice bamboo swing when the rays of the sun bid adieu to you by kissing the cuppa with their warm glow. They say Delhi is rough. They say the people are ruthless. They say Delhi is this. They say Delhi is that.To Skeeter Delhi is warm, caring and a lot more. It is her beloved city. P.S.: Work's getting crazier but Skeeter is fighting for the time to write here...She wins!
And so, as an online Scribbler throws one admittedly often 'nen look in Google litany to catch one or the other information, but in the case of The Crawling this venture is almost hopeless. Then let's make a start. The from Lisburn (Northern Ireland) coming band The Crawling formed itself in 2014 and served us in their own words Slow Death Metal. Andy Clarke - Guitar / Vocals Stuart Rainey - bass / vocals and Gary Beattie - Drums have already submitted the end of October a 3-track EP, the ear should be worth every diehard fan of dark sounds. New musical Coverage of Northern Ireland is certainly not, it moves the trio with his compositions in an area which is very pleasing and half-baked. Of course you can gain through the sounding of three songs only a rough guide, but what is offered is as just mentioned solid and appealing. Classic Death Metal sounds dominate the bitter scenario of slow THE CRAWLING world, not entirely in slow motion, but fatally unnerving. Abysmal growls and raucous croaking take care of the verbal part of the dark days, however, mood and feelings are purely instrumental and scourged without much aid from the Death Metal of the Irish.That also very sinister cover artwork fits in perfectly to the morbid sounds and completes this EP from visual. If THE CRAWLING could still throw a shovel more catchiness into the fire on the hopefully soon to be released album, then should selbiges burn something brighter and are a remarkable Output nothing in the way. For these 3 songs at least you can and love to do good 8 Talker loose and this will I do with this. Fans of early Anathema, My Dying Bride and Paradise Lost was "In Light of Dark Days" recommended.
Anthony Weiner admits to more lewd messages Anthony Weiner, the disgraced former congressman who polls suggest is a leading candidate for mayor of New York, admitted Tuesday that he engaged in a series of sexually explicit communications with a young woman on the Internet. The behavior allegedly occurred as recently as last year, long after Weiner was forced to resign from Congress after admitting to similar episodes. But in a news conference that seemed a little like a public therapy session, Weiner stood with his wife, Huma Abedin, and vowed to stay in the race for mayor. According to the gossip website thedirty.com, the Democratic ex-congressman, using the pseudonym "Carlos Danger," exchanged obscene messages and nude pictures and engaged in phone sex with an unidentified woman, then 22. The woman told the website that the relationship began more than a year after Weiner resigned his House seat so that he and his wife, a longtime aide to then-Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, could "continue to heal from the damage I have caused" by similar previous behavior. If her version is true, it suggests that Weiner was engaging in reckless, lewd behavior at the very time he was launching a public rehabilitation campaign, with a warmly lit photo spread of the couple and their infant son in People magazine. It was accompanied by a story that quoted Abedin as saying her husband was "trying to be the best dad and husband he can be." Weiner's campaign released an ambiguous statement, which he later read at the news conference, that did not dispute the woman's version of events. "I said that other texts and photos were likely to come out, and today they have. As I have said in the past, these things that I did were wrong and hurtful to my wife and caused us to go through challenges in our marriage that extended past my resignation from Congress," Weiner said. Abedin, managing a tight smile, also spoke at the news conference, saying: ""I love him, I have forgiven him, I believe in him and, as we have said from the beginning, we are moving forward." Abedin's stance evoked comparison with that of her mentor, Hillary Clinton, whose steadfastness in her marriage to Bill Clinton and their joint political ambitions helped rescue her husband from the sex scandal involving White House intern Monica Lewinsky that nearly ended his presidency. But unlike Weiner, Bill Clinton would never be on the ballot again. And the office that Weiner is seeking is the biggest prize in New York City politics. While it is true that pretty much anything can happen in an election - especially in New York - the latest revelations have, at a minimum, damaged the remorse-and-redemption theme that fueled Weiner's mayoral bid. That story line, along with his celebrity, propelled him in the polls into a dead heat with City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, who was long presumed to be the front-runner to win the Sept. 10 Democratic primary. "In many ways, things are not that different than they were yesterday," Weiner said at the news conference. That, however, may be wishful thinking. In today's politics, "the time frame to recuperate, recover and come back is much shorter than it used to be," said Chris Lehane, a former Clinton White House official who now specializes in crisis management communications. "Generally speaking, though, you only get one bite at the apology apple." Adding another challenge to Weiner's plan - and to the capacity of New Yorkers to forgive and move on - is the fact that another politician tarnished by a sex scandal, former governor Eliot Spitzer, is also attempting a comeback in the Democratic primary. Spitzer surprised the political world with an announcement on July 8 that he is running for city comptroller. When the earlier scandal involving Weiner broke in June 2011, Abedin was pregnant. She gave birth to the couple's son in December that year. Last April, The New York Times Magazine profiled the couple in an 8,000-word story. It portrayed Weiner as a homebody and primary caretaker for his son - "going to the park with Jordan; picking up his wife's dry cleaning and doing the grocery shopping; eating at his brother Jason's two restaurants in the neighborhood" - who was also taking a serious look at returning to politics. That article, according to the woman with whom he exchanged lewd messages, coincided with his last contact with her. "He reactivated his Facebook and asked me what I thought of it," she told thedirty.com. Six weeks later, Weiner announced he was running for mayor. He has campaigned vigorously, at times citing his own challenges alongside those of former South African president Nelson Mandela and Franklin D. Roosevelt. But Weiner, in a dozen years in Congress, has a much slimmer record of achievement. He was known mainly as a verbal combatant on the House floor and on cable news channels. At one point during the exchanges that were published by the website, the woman told Weiner that she had noticed him while he was in Congress and been attracted to him long before they met over the Internet: "Specifically your health care rants were a huge turn on." MOST VIEWED MEDIA MOST DISCUSSED STORIES
Food And Agriculture Organization Of The United Nations ItemsMore than 100 items were found Lampreys of the world. An annotated and illustrated catalogue of lamprey species known to date (FAO Species Catalogue for Fisheries Purposes)List Price:$30.00 The State of Food Insecurity in the World 2012: Economic growth is necessary but not sufficient to accelerate reduction of hunger and malnutritionList Price:$30.00 Recreational Fisheries in the Mediterranean Countries: A Review of Existing Legal Frameworks (Good Practices for Animal Feed and Livestock)List Price:$26.00 Conservation Agriculture and Sustainable Crop Intensification in Karatu District, Tanzania (Integrated Crop Management)List Price:$18.00 Sharks of the World: An Annotated and Illustrated Catalogue of Sharks Species Known to Date (FAO Species Identification Guides For Fishery Purposes) (v. 2)List Price:$42.00 Green Manure/Cover Crops and Crop Rotation in Conservation Agriculture on Small Farms: Integrated Crop Management No. 12List Price:$35.00 Aquaculture Development. 4. Ecosystem Approach to Aquaculture: Fao Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fisheries No. 5 Suppl. 4List Price:$15.00 BookRenter.com's 5-Star Satisfaction Guarantee - You can return your online books for any reason within our refund period – no questions asked. - Every order is available for express shipping, and return shipping is always free. - You'll be happy with the quality of your books (or we'll ship you another one on our dime). - You can extend your rental up to 14 days – at the same cheap daily rental rate. - If you decide to keep the book it will never cost more than the purchase price. * Free shipping excludes HI, AK and PR. Order now and we’ll cover you through the end of the semester! We're automatically extending 125-day rental orders toMay 21, 2012*. It's our way of giving those of you who plan ahead a special "Thank You." For all your procrastinators, the Semester Guarantee program lasts through January 11, 2012, so get going! *It can take up to 24 hours for the extension to appear in your account. **BookRenter reserves the right to terminate this promotion at any time. BookRenter.com's Fast Shipping Both Ways With Standard Shipping for the continental U.S., you'll receive your order in 3-7 business days. Need it faster? Our shipping page details our Express & Express Plus options. Shipping for rental returns is free. Simply print your prepaid shipping label available from the returns page under My Account. For more information see the How to Return page.
'Exorcism' is a practise to weed out evil spirits that possess normal human beings. You might be familiar with it from the Horror movies that you may have seen. Any thoughts on what your reaction might be, if it took place in front of you? Yes, normal people trying to be 'cured' with their 'tantric' methods? You would freak out, won't you? There are a few places of worship, which also exorcise 'ghosts'. People 'possessed' by evil spirits are brought in by their relatives and are 'cured'. We list a few shrines in India, where this actually takes place: 1. Mahendipur Balaji Temple, Rajasthan Those who don't believe in the supernatural, should surely visit this temple once during their lifetime. The sight of people pouring boiling water over themselves to make the ghosts go away, will stay with you for many days after you've visited this 'shrine'. The 'possessed' are also showered with stones and then chained to walls. The personnel at the temple take their rituals very seriously. So you're supposed to offer 3 laddoos to the Gods, follow all 'procedures' without asking any questions and leave the temple without turning back. You are not even allowed to eat without getting out of town, lest the 'evil spirits' possess you again. 2. Hazrat Syed Ali Meera Datar Dargah, Gujarat As and when you're walking towards this 'dargah', you can hear screams of the people possessed, who have come to this shrine to be cured. At the price of Rs 800 per month, a room can be booked by the relatives of a person needing 'exorcism'. The violent ones are chained to a wall. The 'Maulvis' or the religious heads at the dargah don't discriminate between Hindus and Muslims while treating the possessed. It's common sight to see men, women rolling on the floor, as a part of the remedy. 3. Devji Maharaj Mandir, Malajpur This is one of those few temples, which hosts a ' Bhoot Mela' every year. People from far-flung places come here with their loved ones to cure those possessed by evil spirits, every full moon. It's common sight to see people running and being brushed off with the holy broom, and to see the 'sinners' light camphor on their palms/wrists as a way to get rid of the evil spirits. 4. Dattatreya Mandir, Gangapur In Madhya Pradesh's Betul district, people gather on every new moon and full moon and fill this temple with deadly silence. And then you can hear one scream after another as people are 'cleansed' spiritually. Source: Indian Express Despite being outrightly dismissed by Psychiatrists, this temple sees a flood of people wandering in and out. The ' Mahamangal Aarti ' begins at 11.30am, and people can be heard shouting, screaming and hurling abuses at the Gods. It is believed the evil spirits make the people do that. Some of the possessed people, actually climb up the poles on the premises and suspend themselves. 5. Nizamuddin Dargah, Delhi It could be one of the most touristy spots in Delhi, and a mighty popular shrine for those who wish to pay their respects to the Sufi Gods. However, amongst all the qawwali environment you'll suddenly hear shrieks and screams from a secluded room. In a perfect anti-thesis of sorts, here's a place where allah is being prayed to and at the same time, in a room around the corner a few men and women are being running around, screaming to get rid off the satanic spirits.
The Alex Surf Club is arguably the best seat on the beach with great food and friendly service all in one incredible location. Grab a seat at one of our great dining locations in the Bistro, Kiosk or Bluff Bar and your taste buds will be rewarded! Our menus feature great family value meals cooked with some of the best locally grown and made produce on the Sunshine Coast. Check out our Menus by clicking on the links to the right. DAILY LUNCH SPECIALS (Available Monday - Friday) Lunch Seven days a week 12.00pm – 2.00pm Dinner Sunday to Thursday 5.30pm – 8.00pm Friday and Saturday 5.30pm – 9.00pm PHONE 5443 6677 for bookings
This website (http://www.crownwatchblog.com), the related web pages contained herein (collectively, the “Sites”) are owned and/or operated by HighEnd Pte. Ltd. hereinafter referred to as “Crown”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”. “Personal Information" refers to data you voluntarily provide when you access and/or use the Sites. Typically, Personal Information is information that identifies you or is about you and/or the organisation on whose behalf you are accessing and using the Sites. By way of example, Personal Information may include your name, username, password, e-mail address, phone number, company affiliation, physical address, details of transactions you carry out through the Sites, and/or certain other personal information. Personal Information may also include information about your eating, travel, and other hospitality and entertainment preferences, plans, and desires. "Anonymous Aggregated Data" refers to general information regarding visitors and users of the Sites that relate to use of the Sites for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about Our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. By way of example, Anonymous Aggregated Data includes website traffic patterns, location data, weblogs, IP addresses, type of operating system, type of web browser, referring websites, number of visits to certain web pages, visits from other websites or to third-party websites linked to the Sites, use of particular services and interest in services on the Sites, information or features of the Sites, other sites reached through the Sites, and other session data. 3. How Crown Uses Your Personal Information and Why We Need It You can choose not to provide Personal Information to Us, but a proportion of the content, services, and functions on the Sites are available only to registered users who agree to provide Personal Information to us. To facilitate your use of the Sites, We may ask for certain Personal Information. By way of example, you may provide Us with Personal Information in order to register an account on the Sites, to obtain newsletters, receive updates, and receive other information from or about the Sites, and for other purposes relating to the Sites. We may also request for your Personal Information to enable Us to publish your content on the Sites and such Personal Information may include photos, reviews and forum posts. Not surprisingly, there are many things We cannot do for you without your Personal Information. For example, We cannot complete transactions with you, send service and administrative messages, resolve disputes, or respond to your feedback unless you provide Personal Information to Us. We cannot notify you of special offers or new products or services (of Crown or Our third-party partners) without certain Personal Information. We do not sell or rent any of your Personal Information to third parties in the normal course of Our business, and We will not use it for unapproved commercial purposes. The Sites may include functionality for you to access third-party websites and/or services (such as Facebook and Twitter). By accessing and using third-party websites that are not operated, licenced or controlled by Crown (“Third Party Sites”) and/or services from the Third Party Sites, you will be sharing information with those sites, and those sites may require you to provide your Personal Information in order to access and/or use such Third Party Sites and services. When you access Third Party Sites and services, your conduct and disclosures will be governed by the privacy policies of the Third Party Sites and services. The privacy policies of such Third Party Sites and services typically would enable you to modify your privacy settings with the third parties, but Crown has no ability or right to control or monitor how such third parties use your Personal Information and other disclosures to them, nor can Crown guarantee the security or privacy of your Personal Information or other disclosures to such third parties. Crown reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information under the following types of circumstances, which are not in the normal course of Our business: If Our company is acquired by or merged with a third party; or, alternatively, if substantially all of Our assets are acquired by a third party. Under these types of circumstances, your Personal Information may be included as an asset in the underlying transaction. 4. You Can Access, Modify, and Delete Certain of Your Personal Information When you register an account on the Sites, We will create and provide you with access to your “User Profile,” which will include certain Personal Information you provide to Us. You can modify or delete your Personal Information on your User Profile. In fact, it is important for you to keep your Personal Information up to date so that We can contact you as necessary and as you desire in connection with your use of the Sites and the services available on the Sites. You will be able to modify your User Profile to opt in or out of certain email communications, subscriptions, promotional offers, and other preferences regarding your use of and communication to/from the Sites. You are free to terminate your registered account on the Sites, and you will have the ability to do so on the Sites. Before We terminate your registered account, We will send you an e-mail to confirm your request. After your registered account is terminated, you will not be able to sign in to the Sites or access the Personal Information that was provided under that registered account. Please also note that, even for terminated registered accounts, Crown may retain certain of your Personal Information in Our backups and for recordkeeping purposes. 5. How We Store, Process, and Transfer Your Personal Information Data collected by Us, including your Personal Information, is maintained, stored, transferred, and processed on servers and other equipment owned and/or operated by Amazon Web Services (“AWS”). AWS is a suite of services offered by Amazon.com, which describes AWS as an “infrastructure web services platform in the cloud.” AWS employs comprehensive security measures to protect Crown data, including your Personal Information. AWS details these security measures on a web page entitled, “AWS Security and Compliance Center,” which is located at this link: http://aws.amazon.com/security/ Unfortunately, the Internet and transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. While We cannot guarantee absolute security of your Personal Information, We believe Our use of AWS means that We have implemented adequate security mechanisms and procedures to help protect your Personal Information. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. 6. Use of Anonymous Aggregate Data Crown is interested in improving the Sites and may develop and offer new features and services. We monitor, collect and use Anonymous Aggregate Data regarding your use of the Sites for marketing purposes and to study, improve, and promote use of the Sites. In connection with such purposes, Crown may permit selected third parties to use your Anonymous Aggregate Data with third parties, but such disclosure of Anonymous Aggregate Data will not reveal your Personal Information. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Sites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Sites, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Sites when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Sites works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our Sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Sites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Sites. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. 8. Links Provided To Other Sites We do not have any control over the content on Third Party Sites and are not responsible for the privacy policies or the actions of any third parties, including without limitation, any website owners whose sites may be reached through the Sites. We cannot control and are not in control of the content on Third Party Sites, the activities of those websites or their owners and/or operators. Crown accepts no responsibility for the content on Third Party Sites, the activities of those websites or their owners and/or operators, or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Any link to a Third Party Site from the Sites shall not be construed as an endorsement or acceptance by Us of the Third Party Site and the contents therein. In no event shall any reference to any third party or third party product or service on the Third Party Site be construed as an approval or endorsement by Us of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party. 10. Policy Modifications & Contacting Crown 133 Amoy Street, #03-01/#04-01 Singapore 049962 Ph: +65 6220 5528
No higher resolution available. Yukiko Minase starts to feel faint after her demon imbued cousin Taki Minase gropes one of her breasts. - (LNdW: Black Ceremony) Appears on these pages See full list > Black Ceremony (Kuro no Gishiki - 黒の儀式) is the second episode of the anime adaptation of the... The Minase house is the home of Academy student Taki Minase and his cousin Yukiko Minase. The... Rasha or Rasha the Imp is the name of the lesser demon Reika Kitami implants inside Academy... Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. |current||23:29, August 4, 2013||640 × 480 (126 KB)||Biberoi (wall | contribs)| Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a free-to-use site that makes money from advertising. We have a modified experience for viewers using ad blockers Wikia is not accessible if you’ve made further modifications. Remove the custom ad blocker rule(s) and the page will load as expected.
Read these 4 International Relief Organizations Tips tips to make your life smarter, better, faster and wiser. Each tip is approved by our Editors and created by expert writers so great we call them Gurus. LifeTips is the place to go when you need to know about Charity tips and hundreds of other topics. In addition to its other grassroots efforts to help family and children around the world, The Family Care Foundation (FCF) provides humanitarian services and support in developing countries. Responding to local emergencies, FCF and partners manage extensive emergency services and relief activities at disaster sites. Some of the international disasters to which the Family Care Foundation has responded are the earthquakes in India, El Salvador, Turkey, Colombia, and Taiwan; Hurricane Mitch in Central America; flooding in India and Mexico; and the US Embassy bombing in Kenya. The FCF emphasizes extensive follow-up, often in close cooperation with various government agencies. For more information on Family Care Foundation's relief services and other programs, visit www.familycare.org. CARE attempts to look beyond the symptoms of poverty to confront its underlying causes. CARE's programs serve individuals and families in the poorest communities in the world, facilitating lasting change for them through strengthening people's capacity for self-help, providing economic opportunities, delivering relief in emergencies, influencing policy decisions and addressing discrimination. *For more information on CARE and its work, visit www.care.org. At work in 25 countries, the IRC delivers emergency aid, rebuilds disrupted communities, cares for war-traumatized children, rehabilitates infrastructure, reunites families, establishes schools, trains teachers, strengthens the capacity of local organizations, and supports civil society and good-governance initiatives in places affected by war and disaster. For refugees afforded sanctuary in the United States, the International Rescue Committee's offices provide assistance aimed at helping new arrivals get settled, adjust and acquire the skills to become self-sufficient. For more information about how the IRC operates, and how you can contribute to its efforts to restore dignity and self-reliance, visit www.theirc.org. The United Nation's World Food Program is not resigned to hunger; there is more than enough food to feed the world's population. WFP believes that food aid can break the cycle of poverty and hunger. Thus, WGP uses innovative food and relief programs, rehabilitation programs, and development operations to deliver food to the weak and poor around the world. The World Food Program also works to ensure that people can ultimately secure food through their own efforts. Though sanctioned by the UN, WFP receives no dues or UN assessed contributions. Corporations around the world are a vital source of contributions to WFP's activities, as are individuals who donate cash, services and food. *Visit www.wfp.org for information on ways in which you can help WFP fight hunger.
Dylan Bundy is getting more and more comfortable at High-A Frederick. On Thursday, his sixth start for the Keys, the 19-year-old Bundy threw five strong innings against the Winston-Salem Dash, the Carolina League’s top offensive team. Bundy allowed one run on four hits and struck out five while walking none. He lowered his ERA to 3.14 in 28 2/3 innings for Frederick. He has allowed 24 hits, eight walks and 10 earned runs while striking out 30 batters. As a pro, between Low-A Delmarva and the Keys, Bundy has made 14 starts, allowed 29 hits, 10 walks and 10 earned runs and fanned 70 batters in 58 2/3 innings. His total ERA on the season actually went up .02 points to 1.53 with Thursday’s outing.
Quick Thoughts on Bellator and WSOF November 13, 2014 Posted by on I was asked to provide my opinion on the upcoming fights in Bellator and World Series of Fighting this weekend. I haven’t done any preparatory work for these events so what I have to say is relatively uninformed. With that said… - I hate to do it, but I favor Tito Ortiz to beat Stephan Bonnar. If an ancient Mark Coleman could beat Bonnar with takedowns and top control, then so can Ortiz. - It took Will Brooks the better part of three rounds to really get things going against Michael Chandler in their first fight. I have to think Chandler has learned from that fight and does what it takes to win in the rematch. - Joe Vedepo is 17-8 and has lost to Eddie Larrea (20-32) and Jason Buck (14-13). So no, he’s not going to beat “King Mo” Lawal. - Bellator might as well make Melvin Manhoef vs. Joe Schilling a kickboxing rules match. It’s funny that Manhoef, at 29-11-1, is only a -135 favorite against Schilling, whose MMA record stands at 1-3… but we know Manhoef isn’t going to grapple him. I still have to pick Manhoef to win though. - I will pick any decent fighter to beat Nam Phan, and Mike Richman definitely qualifies. - David Branch was one of the very early SILVA score favorites on this blog. His career losses are by slam KO to Gerald Harris, by heel hook to Rousimar Palhares, and by decision to Rumble. Branch is better than people think… I’m not picking him, but I wouldn’t be surprised if he upset Yushin Okami. - I’ve never seen Kalindra Faria fight but I’m much more impressed by Jessica Aguilar’s record. Aguilar has wins over Megumi Fujii, Carla Esparza, etc… so I think she should get the job done. - Justin Gaethje and Melvin Guillard are both sluggers, but Gaethje is a fighter on the rise and Guillard is a fighter on the decline. The pick has to be Gaethje. I don’t blame people for being interested in these shows, given how weak UFC 180 is. Outside of Werdum-Hunt and Bermudez-Lamas, Bellator and WSOF are probably going to deliver better entertainment this weekend.
Let’s take home to new heights. We go to work every day ready to create and manage spaces where people live, connect, and learn. A common commitment We specialize in community. Since 2006, our projects have grown to include multi-family apartments, condominiums, assisted living and student living. Browse the Aspen Heights Partners’ projects below. Aspen Heights News Great culture attracts talent. Work in our office is enjoyable. Our relaxed atmosphere allows everyone to have a voice and we understand the importance of a flexible work-life balance. We know you have a life outside of the office, and we wouldn’t have it any other way. Employee engagement and collaboration is our top priority, so we’ve created an environment that promotes just that. We’re always looking for new talent, so join us in creating a better workplace and better communities across the country.
Human Rights Committee: Malta HRC session 112 (2014) ([November 2014], CCPR/C/MLT/CO/2 Advance Unedited Version, Concluding observations on second report, para. 3) "The Committee welcomes the following legislative and institutional steps taken by the State party: ... d) the amendment to article 339 of the Criminal Code aimed at prohibiting corporal punishment in all settings...."Read more from HRC session 112 (2014)
This year I feel like I got fewer presents overall than previous years, though I do think the presents i got were bigger in scope which more than makes up for it. Actually, I would rather have a single big present than a bunch of little presents so I think this worked out rather well. Read more “Christmas Present Unwrap ’11” This year, my present haul went pretty well overall I think. I didn’t dislike anything I got in particular, and liked most everything pretty well. Last year, my roommate and I brought my daughter to the store to get presents for us, this year we couldn’t afford the extra presents which is unfortunate but hopefully we resume it next year. Well had a vacation over the last week. Sent home my daughter yesterday. All is good in the home now. More quiet, is nice after 2.5 weeks of having a child lol Getting my daughter today for two and a half weeks, my summer vacation time. Not entirely sure what we are going to do given our budget crisis, but happy to have her. Should be interesting. I’m not entirely sure if it is really considered a staycation, because we actually didn’t stay anywhere overnight or anything. But my roommate, her sister, my daughter, and I all went to Devil’s Lake this weekend for a little get out of town vacation for the day. We really needed to get out of town, and with the budget the way it is, we had a hard time justifying much of anything so we thought going to a state park might be a good way to get out and have a good time. I have made a post for a few years now about what I got for Chrsitmas so I feel this is my yearly tradition now, not sure it’s a great one but oh well it is mine. This Christmas I went to Wisconsin Dells with my daughter for a night, it was ok, stressful but fun. Got to go swimming. It was a fun Christmas I think for her… and onto the presents for me! My cat recently got diagnosed with a tumor on his spine. This has got me thinking of the mortality of my favorite cat and the result is the realization that over the last few years I haven’t really been taking pictures of him much, and even worse I don’t think I have many, if any, pictures with him and I together. This has made me even more sad than the fact that I will not be able to enjoy his presence much longer. Now I am faced with the loss of even the memory of him.
Thursday, September 23, 2010 Funny bed time memory! Tonight as I put Jared in bed we were singing out of the children's hymn book just like every other night, but usually his daddy gets to do that part with him. After singing "Adam was a Prophet" Jared said, "Mommy I had a dream that I was with Adam, you know the Adam that was a prophet?" I said, "oh yea, what did you and Adam do?" He said, "we served the lord pie!" With a bit of shock and laughter in my voice, I said, "you did, you and Adam served the Lord pie?" He replied by singing, "Yep like, Adam was a prophet first one that we know, in a place called Eden he helped things to grow. Adam served the Lord pie." I immediately burst into uncontrollable laughter. He was so confused as to why I was laughing so hard. After a couple of minutes I finally composed myself and explained the real words to him. That was one of those priceless moments I will never forget!
Harry Potter fans can’t wait to return to J.K. Rowling’s wizarding world with Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them — and the cast can’t wait for people to see. A new featurette goes behind the scenes of the adventure film, which will be Rowling’s first screenplay. Oscar-winner Eddie Redmayne is absorbed by the story. “This world, it’s been a wonder,” he says. “It’s just unlike anything I’ve ever been a part of.” The crew behind the camera can’t stop raving about Rowling’s first foray into film. “It’s this vivid, lively, beautiful word that Jo has created,” producer David Heyman says. See the clip above and learn more about the characters and setting: 1926 New York City.
Following the Efficient Frontier search CPC (cost per click) trends release, we are now sharing the Display CPM (cost per thousand impression) and volume trends for April 2011. Figure 1: Display Trends – April 2011 April 2011, being the start of a new quarter, saw a pullback in overall Impression volume in Display. This is not unusual for two reasons. The first is that Q1 is historically a strong quarter for Display (particularly in sectors like Finance), and the second is that advertisers who are nearing the end of a quarterly or annual fiscal period may want to spend unused ad budgets. It is important to note that volume is up more than 150% YoY (year over year) as advertisers continue to put more of their budgets into Display to take advantage of ROI opportunities and the cross-channel benefits with SEM and Display. CPM levels have increased by more than 60% MoM (month over month) to correspond with the decline in impression volume. As advertisers via sophisticated Display platform are able to better find and market to their target audience, there becomes a greater willingness to pay higher amounts for this high quality, in market traffic.
I have paid attention to Lindex and their new campaign and come to a conclusion that they definitely are lifting their fashion profile up ! all pics borrowed from Lindex I have not really shopped at Lindex in a loooonnng time but now I stopped by at their store and the pieces looked good! Also,I like their new TV ad which includes these same (above) pictures as a flick. It has some old days glamour in it. Nice !
SKN White Cream Clinically proven to reduce or erase freckles & dark spots, resulting to more radiant and younger-looking skin, without the irritation. Visibly lightens/ brightens skin tone within a week, with increased results after 2 weeks. A natural alternative to Hydroquinone, minus the inconvenient side effects. Non-sticky for easy application. Safe for all skin types. FOR LOCAL AND INTERNATIONAL ORDERS
It is certainly amazing to look back and see for how long Amazon.com was practically the only successful example of an online business trotted out by the pundits. Not that it was actually making money, of course, but the model was working and the concept proven. Here in Ireland we all gleefully pointed to our home-grown — and profitable — Kennys Bookshop of Galway, which had its catalogue online before Amazon and customers submitted credit card numbers by email. What the web hypesters were not grasping was that books were a special case, with a long tradition of mail order and book clubs in many markets. It soon became obvious that business-to-business (B2B) transactions were actually leading the way in e-commerce, with technically savvy partners and win/win cost and efficiency gains. For business-to-consumer (B2C) transactions, the combination of traditional retailing and established brands (both products and retailers) was where e-tailing was going. When you order a book, you know what you want and what you are buying. Flowers were another similar case in point, since the Interflora system had long since proven its reliability around the world. In travel and more recently in theatre and event ticket booking, the real service is the booking, not the actual flight, hotel or show. So the step from telephone and helpful agent to web self-help was an easy one. To this day, these are still the most successful internet B2C e-commerce categories, with CDs and DVDs as obvious companion products to books, and the only products actually deliverable online so far are software, games and gambling. For the supermarket sector, the web has begun to come into its own as a complementary channel. It is all so very simple you could be forgiven for wondering what all the debate was about. You look up what you want, order over the web and your trolley load is delivered to your hall door. You can order from wherever you are — the office is probably the commonest, but the well-equipped can do it from foreign airports as their flights are called. The online complications are minimal: a few minutes to register and confirm that delivery is on offer in your area, then you are up and running. “We now have just under 100,000 registered customers,” says Pauline Crowley, head of strategic marketing in Tesco Ireland. “That is still just about 20pc of our Clubcard customers so we have lots of potential but takeup of the service has been growing steadily and especially in the past year. We had a surge coming towards Christmas.” As with any such service, the constraints are physical rather than ICT-related. Fulfilment is based on the local Tesco store rather than central depots. Starting with just two Dublin stores in October 2000 the group now offers the web shopping service from 17 stores. “We have people online ordering at four and five in the morning — in fact it’s fair to say there are some orders every hour pretty much 24/7. But there is a definite peak before 10am, suggesting that a large number of people do their shopping from work for delivery that evening,” says Crowley. Tesco offers two-hour delivery slots from 10am to 10pm, with the evening timing the most popular, with a €7.62 charge per delivery. Deliveries can be booked up to three weeks in advance and each local store’s bookings are reflected online as the slots fill up. “The experience is personalised for the shopper because your favourite items, as shown by both in-store and online purchasing, will automatically be recorded and presented for repeat orders. All you have to do is just choose the items and quantities,” she explains. The Irish site is independent of the Tesco UK operation but technically identical, so continuous development of the platform and back-office infrastructure is reflected in the service to the Irish market. Superquinn, the only indigenous supermarket group with online shopping, took a slightly different market approach. “We cover an extended Greater Dublin region — from Swords to Greystones — and inland to Naas and Maynooth, serving from six stores,” explains Geraldine Penney, business manager of Superquinn.ie. Current deliveries are running at about 2,500 weekly to a base of almost 47,000 registered customers. The home delivery service will shortly be complemented by a ‘click and collect’ service. “The service is based on the highest density areas but we plan to extend it geographically and also to the complete range of store items — even difficult ones like fish and delicatessen,” Penney adds. Superquinn’s technology and fulfilment logistics partner is Buy4Now.ie, a separate company that grew out of the Superquinn SuperClub initiative but has grown its client list to include the likes of Arnotts and Atlantic Homecare, Discount Electrical, World of Wonder toys and others. “For the last three years or so our traffic has doubled for the month of December,” says Caitriona O’Leary, Buy4Now.ie marketing and operations manager. “This year we passed the half million orders mark for the first time, reflecting the 2003 average of 250,000 or so for the other months.” The patterns also show how savvy Irish consumers have become in using B2C services, with the busiest period for non-food items running from mid-November to about mid-December, in good time for pre-Christmas delivery. The Superquinn and Tesco grocery traffic peaked at the weekend before Christmas with the delivery slots booked from early November onwards. TicketMaster reports a similar pattern, with sales showing a peak in early December for the Christmas gift market. “Our online sales passed out bookings by phone or through the shop outlets about two years ago,” says John Maguire. “But the business patterns are entirely event-driven. Our fastest ever sell-out was just 58 seconds online! That was for Bob Dylan in Vicar Street, so the small venue was obviously the major factor, but The Rolling Stones at The Point sold out online in six minutes.” The superiority of the web channel for enthusiastic fans is now totally established, with the box office open on the second and thousands of fingers poised to click mouse buttons and snap up tickets in seconds. So in Irish e-tailing as in traditional retailing, there is clearly one lesson to rule them all: the consumers always know what suits them best. By Leslie Faughnan
NACETEM INAUGURATES ANTI-CORRUPTION AND TRANSPARENCY COMMITTEE In compliance with the Federal Government directive as released by the Independent Corrupt and Related Practices Commission (ICPC) to Federal Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs), the National Centre for Technology Management (NACETEM) inaugurated its Anti-Corruption and Transparency Committee on Monday, 5th October, 2015. The Director General/ Chief Executive Officer of NACETEM, Professor Okechukwu Ukwuoma charged the Committee to operate within the confines of its mandate with a view to helping the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari in the fight against corruption. The Committee, which had its Chairperson as Miss S. J. Lasisi, a Chief Administrative Officer in the Human Resource Management department of the Agency, has as its members Messrs R. O. Adeseyoju (Chief Accountant), A. D. Adeyeye (Principal Planning Officer), C. M. Ekperiware (Research Officer I) and O. A. Onyebuashi (Admin. Officer I, South-West Zonal Office). Others are Mrs. E. B. Ojo (Principal Executive Officer (Accounts)) and Mrs. T. A Onifade (Senior Admin. Officer, Legal), who will serve as the Secretary to the Committee.
Paul Reed Smith Limited Custom 24 58/15 Black Gold Paul Reed Smith This is a Custom Color not offered on the other Limited 58/15 guitars. This one is Black Gold but it has wrap around edges. Do you have a trade? Fill out the form and submit it to us. Click Here To know Paul Reed Smith, the working founder and Managing General Partner of PRS Guitars, is to know a man who is always pushing the proverbial envelope. His persistent desire to explore and discover is a huge part of PRS Guitars dynamism. So, when Paul and the R&D team ramped up their dissection and testing of pickups a couple years ago, it became very clear very quickly that something new was about to be born. Enter the PRS 58/15 pickups, introduced for PRS’s 30th Anniversary year. The 58/15 Limited Edition is a culmination of various features that the Custom 24 has seen throughout the last thirty years and is built around these new vintage-voiced 58/15 pickups, which have exceptional clarity and a focused midrange. Paul describes 58/15 pickups as, “very consistent, ‘best-of’ PAF-style pickups.” Other unique appointments on these instruments include solid shell birds, similar to those found on Paul’s Pre-Factory and the early production guitars, fretboard binding, a preview of a new headstock signature inlay and the Gen III PRS patented tremolo, which has been updated to further support the fidelity of the guitar’s tone and maximize sustain. Specs: Artist Grade Figured Maple top, mahogany back, 24-fret, 25” scale length ‘Pattern Regular’ mahogany neck with gaboon ebony fretboard, Solid Shell “Blue Purple” Red Abalone Birds (Pattern Regular neck) abalone signature, Phase III locking tuners, Gen III PRS patented tremolo bridge (hybrid hardware) Electronics: 58/15 treble and bass pickups, one volume and one push/ pull tone control with a PRS 3-way toggle pickup selector Finishes: Faded Whale Blue with Natural Back, Black Gold Burst with natural binding, Charcoal Burst - OURS IS A CUSTOM COLOR!!! Extras: Set up with PRS 10-46 Electric Guitar Strings; PRS Black Paisley Hardshell Artist Case included More from this collection
HCIM is pleased to welcome Laurie Kirkland as Director of Sales & Marketing. Laurie worked for several years as an advertising coordinator for trade show publications where she helped clients to market their products in industry magazines. Before coming to work for HCIM, Laurie served as Director of Business Development for a large full-service clearinghouse firm that offers healthcare providers an array of revenue-cycle management services, including a practice management system, electronic health records, and a patient health registry. During her tenure there, Laurie was involved in both payer and provider contracting and worked closely with payers to streamline their Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) processes, make their claim shops more efficient, and reduce their costs. During her nine years as Director of Business Development, Laurie helped her clearinghouse’s payer list grow from hundreds of payers to over 5,000 payers for their providers to choose from. In that same time, the number of providers that sent claims to her clearinghouse grew from thousands to well over 150,000. Laurie was also responsible for managing the larger medical group accounts, exhibiting at trade shows, and working with Regional Extension Centers across the country to promote Electronic Health Records (EHR). “We at HCIM are excited to have Laurie join our team. Her background with payer operations and provider relations make her a perfect match to promote HCIM’s healthcare payer business process automation product solutions and services to a growing client base. Her dedication to healthcare payers and deep knowledge of their business will prove to be a great asset to both our company and our clients,” said Michael Wilson, President & CEO of HCIM. Laurie will serve on HCIM’s Leadership Team and will spearhead HCIM’s sales and marketing initiatives. In addition to overseeing the activities of HCIM’s Marketing Department, Laurie will develop HCIM’s new sales strategy and attend industry trade shows on behalf of HCIM. “I look forward to using my healthcare knowledge and industry experience to promote and deliver the best products and services that HCIM has to offer. It’s exciting to be a part of a growing company that focuses on solving and streamlining many of the operational issues facing healthcare payers today,” said Laurie. Laurie has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Cultural Anthropology from the University of California Santa Barbara. She lives in sunny Southern California where she enjoys cooking, tending her garden, spending time on the beach, and traveling to our country’s beautiful National Parks. As if a new job wasn’t enough, Laurie also has her hands full with a new puppy.
1 Min Read Sept 17 (Reuters) - Windsor Quality Food Co Ltd : * Moody's affirms Windsor food b1 rating; outlook revised to stable * Rpt-moody's affirms windsor food b1 rating; outlook revised to stable All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. © 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.
I recently signed up for Upcoming, "a community for discovering and sharing events. It can help you find stuff to do, discover what your friends are doing, or let you keep private events online for your own reference." LawyerKM mentioned the service in his Blog Buddies post. I am willing to try out new things (especially free things) and see if the are useful or potentially useful. I created a profile (Doug Cornelius on Upcoming). I added some events and joined a group on knowledge management and one on enterprise 2.0. I also managed to add a few friends. For example, the Enterprise 2.0 Conference was already added as event to Upcoming. I added the Knowledge Management 2.0 - Real or Hype? symposium being run by the Boston KM Forum. The site is rich in RSS feeds. You can publish a list of upcoming events and you can subscribe to your friend's upcoming events. I added my Upcoming events to Dougs' Lifestream and Doug's FriendFeed. I also subscribed to my friend's events in my Google Reader. Upcoming is also leveraging the Yahoo Pipes tool to custom your RSS feeds. Overall, Upcoming seems to be a great way to discover new and upcoming events. Upcoming is also a way to promote any of your upcoming events. Of course, with any social media site the power of the site is based on the number of people and their activity. The biggest problem I have with Upcoming is that it does not allow you to import a list of contacts to see who is already using it. I managed to find a few. But it is rather hit or miss. I threw in the names of few likely subjects and found a few. The site also defers to a user name rather than a real name so it hard to distinguish the person from a list of attendees to an event or those watching an event. It looks like Yahoo recently acquired Upcoming so there may be some changes in store. I would recommend that you sign up for Upcoming and give it a try.
SmokTek is Your #1 Source for Electronic Cigarettes, Advanced Personal Vaporizers, Mods, Sub Ohm Devices, E-Cig & Vaping Supplies and SmokEjuice Premium USA-made Natural E-Liquids! We carry only top quality brands such as SmokTech, Kanger, Innokin, Aspire, Greensound, EHpro, Tobecco in store and online. We're here to help you quit smoking, folks! From beginners to cloud-blowing advanced users, we provide courteous help and quality product you need to succeed. Our website provides a huge selection, super fast same-day shipping and 5-Star customer service (based on over 33,000 reviews). Established in 2011, SmokTek LLC was founded as a result of a life-changing event, I quit smoking cigars after 35 years! I did it because I decided to try the E-Cigarette to see what the hype was about. After getting a good one (not the cheap disposables) and a few flavors of e-liquid, I was amazed at how my cravings subsided. I had my last cigar 4 days after starting vaping! True story folks, this is truly a wonderful thing to experience for yourself!
i woke up with a grocery list signed by "the people who ate all your shit while you were passed out" After we finished he asked if I knew if it was a boy or girl. Diet. Starts. Now. At least you weren't that one girl in the bar that was letting everyone draw on her in sharpie. Worst decision I've ever witnessed. These pubs in Ireland act like hand jobs aren't the universal currency 23 Theme Park Employees Confess The Biggest Adult Tantrums They’ve Witnessed there is an extreme lack of margarita in my mouth. We would have taken you home with us, but you were outside the bar measuring a randoms stream of piss by walking along side it... you said you were only at 32 feet and it still had a couple of grooves to hit. Just found out drinking 6 trays of random shots makes me wake up on a club toilet with my underwear and jeans around my ankles Come on. I'll make you hot pockets. Literally and sexually. That's the best thing about having gay dads, you don't gotta do shit on mothers da and everybody is down wit getting wasted on mimosas at brunch 23 Crazy Psychological Tricks You Have To Try on Someone RIGHT NOW He said that I looked like a "ghost had crawled up into my vagina and died"..so yeah, I'd say the hangover was noticeable. Can you rollerblade? Honestly, I was high and picturing us roller blading together. I wanted to see if I could make my dreams a reality. Pretend you're in a taco. That always helps me sleep. There was a clear and well defined point last night where I could've decided to go home but no now I've woken up with glitter all over my nuts and potentially an std or 2 I told him to take the baby so I could work out. My workout consisted of getting high and masturbating It was a blast. I was going to say that throwing up in the airport bathroom wasn't classy, but it's classier than quietly puking into a fast food cup while in your seat during takeoff...
Minnesota Congressman Collin Peterson: 'Fiscal cliff' bill puts budget further behind ST. PAUL — Rep. Collin Peterson, an accountant before turning politician, could not support budget legislation passed on New Year’s night because it will grow the federal deficit by $3.9 trillion. “They spent more than they raised,” the western Minnesota Democratic congressman said about those who voted for the measure in the name of deficit control. “So we are further behind.” While more Democrats than Republicans voted for the bill to continue most tax cuts adopted under President George W. Bush, several from the Upper Midwest bucked the trend. Peterson was among the most vocal Wednesday. Some news organizations reported that Peterson opposed the measure because it only extended current farm law instead of approving a farm bill he helped write. “They could have put exactly what I wanted in there for the farm bill and I still would have voted against it,” the congressman said. Why? Ask the accountant in him. “It doesn’t do anything to stop spending money we don’t have,” Peterson said. “We missed an opportunity here to do what we needed to have done. The whole process got hijacked by politics and this hysteria over the fiscal cliff.” The budget measure passed the Senate 89-8 on New Year’s Eve and the House 257-167 New Years’ night. In the House, under GOP control, some House leaders were forced to figuratively hold their noses and vote for the measure, negotiated by top congressional leaders and the White House. One was Rep. John Kline, who represents an area south of the Twin Cities. He is the House education and labor committee chairman. Kline issued a statement, but a spokesman said he was too busy for an interview. “While I am pleased tax relief for the middle class and small businesses is made permanent by this bipartisan legislation, the sobering reality is our nation remains in a debt crisis caused by reckless, runaway spending that is killing jobs and threatening the future of our children and grandchildren,” Kline said in his statement, adding that the House in August passed legislation to stop tax increases and to make “common sense” spending cuts. “Yet, the president never called for the Senate to act on those bills, instead allowing the Democrat-controlled chamber to lead our economy and all Americans over the fiscal cliff,” he said. Most in Congress remained mum on the issue Wednesday. All senators of both parties from North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota and Wisconsin voted for the measure, but they were split in the House. Peterson was the only House Democrat in those four states to oppose the bill. Besides Kline, Republicans from the four states voting for the measure were Reps. Kristi Noem of South Dakota and Reid Ribble and Paul Ryan of Wisconsin. It was a no-brainer for Peterson to oppose the bill. The bill, negotiated between President Barack Obama and GOP congressional leaders, increases spending by $30 billion on unemployment programs, $25 billion on Medicare and $227 billion on other federal programs, Peterson said, all in a time when the national debt is rising. “I can’t do that,” Peterson said. “I’m a CPA and it does not make sense to me.” The Detroit Lakes resident has voted opposite his party in the past, earning a reputation as one of the most moderate Democrats in Washington. One of the big problems Peterson has with the fiscal cliff bill is that it did not deal with $1.2 trillion in spending cuts, known as sequestration, that will be needed over the next decade. The Pure Pierre Politics blog reported that Republican Noem voted for the bill because it “protected 99 percent of South Dakotans from President Obama reaching into their pockets and taking more of their hard-earned money to subsidize his continued deficit spending.” Sen. Tim Johnson, a South Dakota Democrat, said he, too, was glad middle-class taxpayers were spared tax increases. “It was also important for me that the legislation asks millionaires and billionaires to pay the same rates they did during the Clinton administration,” Johnson said. “We can’t get our fiscal house in order on the backs of the elderly and students.”
The Office of the Registrar, located in room 104 of the Administration Building, is open Monday-Thursday, 7:30 a.m. until 7 p.m. and Friday 7:30 a.m. until 5 p.m. while classes are in session. When school is not in session we are open daily from 7:30 a.m. until 5 p.m. The office assists students with the admissions application, collection of admission documents, official and unofficial transcripts, enrollment verification, degree audits, student data changes, drops and withdrawals from classes, and graduation applications. We assist faculty by distributing official class roster information, assisting with instructor drops and readmits, and providing information on using the Faculty Access Module. Some of our key duties include maintaining all student records pertaining to admission, the collection of final grades and processing of grades at the end of each term, certification of graduates, and the distribution and collection of official class rosters. - General Information – 936-633-5210 - Admissions applications, proof of residency, bacterial meningitis – 936-633-4590 - Drops/Withdrawals, readmits – 936-633-5229 - Transcript requests, provisional admission, academic suspension appeals – 936-633-4510 - Incoming transcripts, graduation applications, degree audits – 936-633-5357 - How to Request Readmission - How to Request an Official Transcript - How to Print an Unofficial Transcript - How to Apply for Graduation - Commencement Ceremony - How to Request an Enrollment Verification - How to Change Name, Major or Address - How to Apply for Academic Fresh Start - Academic Suspension Appeals - Request for Non-disclosure of Directory Information - How Do I Transfer Coursework from Another Institution - How Do I Audit a Course? Appeal Procedure for Instructor Drops: 1.) Print out the “Request for Readmission“. 2.) Complete Request for Readmission form. 3.) Take the Request for Readmission to your instructor. 4.) Discuss with your instructor a plan of action which will enable you to remain in class and make progress. 5.) Instructor will sign Request for Readmission if progress can be made. 6.) Return signed Request for Readmission to the Office of the Registrar to complete the process. To obtain a copy of your Angelina College transcript the Office of the Registrar requires a written request from the student. Transcript request forms are available at the Office of the Registrar or online. Transcript requests for classes taken through the Community Services Division (continuing education) should be directed to that office at 936-633-5206. Written requests should include the student’s name, social security number, mailing address, the name/address of the college where the transcript should be mailed, whether you need official or unofficial transcripts, the number of copies needed and a signature. Please be sure to list all names you may have used while attending Angelina College. Requests can be mailed to the Office of the Registrar at PO Box 1768, Lufkin, TX – 75902; scanned and emailed to firstname.lastname@example.org or faxed to (936) 633-3206. Students are allowed three official transcripts at no charge. All future transcript requests after three will cost $5.00 each. Students should contact the Business Office at 936-633-5318 for payment information. No transcript requests can be processed without written consent of the student. Upon receipt of request, transcripts will be processed within two business days. Unofficial transcripts are available for current students to print from the Angelina College website. Students will log on to their AC Portal, Select the Campus Connect tab. Once in Campus Connect, select the “Registration Tab” and then “Academic Transcript.” Students should apply for graduation once they have registered for their final semester of attendance at Angelina College. A student must file an application for degree/certificate in the Office of the Registrar by the deadline printed in the college calendar, then report to the bookstore to pay for cap, gown, and invitations. Graduation applications are available at the Office of the Registrar or online. There is no graduation fee. However, students participating in the graduation ceremony must purchase a cap and gown from the AC Bookstore. Students should submit completed applications to the Office of the Registrar by mail at PO Box 1768, Lufkin, TX – 75902, by emailing application to email@example.com, or by fax at (936) 633-3206. The Office of the Registrar will attach all student transcripts and their degree audit to the application before sending it to the division office for evaluation. Please make sure all your official transcripts from other institutions attended are on file in the Office of the Registrar before you submit your graduation application. Once the division has completed the evaluation (usually within 4 weeks), students will receive written notification by mail. Diplomas may be picked up at the Office of the Registrar once they are available. Diplomas will be mailed to those who elect that option on the graduation application. Students may request a replacement diploma by submitting a Replacement Diploma Request Form to the Office of the Registrar. The request must be accompanied by a photo ID (either driver’s license, state ID, of Angelina College ID). The cost of the replacement diploma is $30.00. Students should contact the Business Office at (936) 633-5318 for payment information. Angelina College holds commencement in May each year. All graduate candidates from summer through spring will be invited to participate in the ceremony. Graduation instructions will be mailed approximately one month prior to the ceremony. Caps, gowns, and invitations are available for purchase at the AC Bookstore. Upon completion of the commencement ceremony, graduates are encouraged to go on-line through Blackboard and complete the Graduate Survey. Note: Participation in Commencement is not required to receive your degree or certificate. Angelina College has authorized National Student Clearinghouse to provide enrollment verifications. Students can now print enrollment verification certificates from their Campus Connect account. Students should login into the AC Portal, click on Campus Connect, click on the Registration tab and then select Enrollment Verification. Students will be directed to the National Student Clearinghouse website where the enrollment verification certificate can be printed immediately. If you are requesting an enrollment verification for an upcoming semester, please be aware that the request cannot be completed until the week after the official census date. Please see the academic calendar located in the General Bulletin for census date information. Student data change forms are available at the Office of the Registrar or online. Name changes must be accompanied with legal documentation of change such as marriage license, divorce decree or court order. Address changes must be accompanied with proof of change such as Driver’s License, state ID or copies of bills. Students should submit completed forms and any documentation to the Office of the Registrar by mail at PO Box 1768, Lufkin, TX – 75902, by email at firstname.lastname@example.org, or by fax at (936) 633-3206. Texas residents may apply for admission under the Academic Fresh Start Program. This program gives students the option of having course work taken 10 or more years prior to the starting date of the semester in which the applicant seeks to enroll ignored for admission purposes. Students wishing to request an Academic Fresh Start should complete the form and submit to the Office of the Registrar by mail at PO Box 1768, Lufkin, TX, 57902, by email at email@example.com, or by fax at 936-633-3206 Students placed on academic suspension at the end of a term will not be allowed to register for classes until their suspension period (next long semester) has elapsed. The College does have a provision for consideration of students on suspension to enroll before their suspension period has elapsed. The student must submit an appeal letter to the Office of the Registrar prior to the deadline listed in the academic calendar. The student will also have to meet with the Admissions Committee at an assigned day. The committee meets once each semester to hear appeals of students with extenuating conditions. No student will be considered more than once during his/her college career for re-enrollment while in a suspension period. Letters will be sent to each student that is placed on academic suspension with instructions and deadlines for the appeal process. Students wishing to have non-disclosure of Directory Information must submit a request to the Office of the Registrar. An official transcript must be submitted from each college attended before coursework can be accepted. Only coursework taken from a regionally accredited college will be accepted. The six regional accrediting agencies are as follows: 1.Accrediting Commission for Community and Jr Colleges Western Association of Schools and Colleges 2. Higher Learning Commission 3. Middle State Commission of Higher Education 4. New England Association of Schools and Colleges Commission on Institutions of Higher Education 5. Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission of Colleges 6. WASC Senior College and University Commission Academic coursework from Accredited Texas Public Institutions will be added to the Angelina College Advising Guide (also known as an unofficial transcript). If there is an established equivalent course, that will be noted on the advising guide. Not all Workforce Education courses are transferable from college to college. Academic coursework from Accredited Out-of-state and/or Private Colleges will be added to the advising guide. Course descriptions/syllabi must be provided to the Office of the Registrar for evaluation. It is the student’s responsibility to provide the necessary documentation. Courses are evaluated by Associate Deans to determine if the transfer course(s) are equivalent to Angelina College coursework. This process can take several weeks. Coursework from a Technical, Career or Trade School that is not regionally accredited will not be added to the advising guide, but the student might petition for credit by exam through the AC Testing Office. Transfer coursework will not appear on the official Angelina College transcript and will not calculate into the cumulative GPA. Courses that do not have an equivalency, may be used as an elective or substituted for a required course with the written permission of the Associate Dean in which your major is located. Note: Only freshman and sophomore level courses will transfer to AC. These courses normally start with a “1” or “2”. Coursework that is measured in quarter hours is NOT equivalent to semester credit hours. It requires 5 quarter hours to earn 3 semester credit hours. 5 QH = 3 1/3 SCH Any student, 18 years of age or older, may audit a course by completing the appropriate form in the Office of the Registrar prior to the official census date of the semester (see Academic Calendar). The auditing student may then attend classes but is generally not required to take examinations and is not entitled to earn credit for the audited course. The admission process and tuition and fees are the same for auditing as those for credit enrollment. Once a student chooses to audit a course, they cannot later ask to be changed to receive credit.
This week saw the passing of Knut, the polar bear, at the Berlin zoo. He was only 4 years old. From the moment he was abandoned at birth by his mother and hand-reared by zoo keepers, he achieved great notoriety. In his short life he starred in his own film and made the covers of German Vanity Fair as well as the American Vanity Fair where he posed with Leo di Caprio. His antics were a great source of joy to the public and he will be greatly missed.
Orlando Bloom is my first celebrity love. I’ll use the present tense because, though it’s been over a decade since I fell for him, when his name pops up in celebrity news, an abashedly smitten lustfulness still pumps through me. I dressed up as Orlando as Legolas in Lord of the Rings for Halloween in fourth grade. Reproducing his long elven locks, stash of feather-tipped arrows, and mud-colored cape was a drawn-out escapade; my mom spent several weeks helping me fashion my most elaborately honed Halloween costume. I even found pointy elf ears! When I come across photos from that elating night of trick-or-treating in my Legolas masquerade, the likeness between the eight-year-old blonde girl and her smooth-faced celebrity crush is disarming. I blush, slightly unnerved as I try not to contemplate what Freud might say of a young girl whose admiration for Orlando Bloom drove her to become him. A few years after the enchantment of Legolas, I still loved Orlando Bloom, but by then, Orlando was a pirate, and I knew about masturbation. One scene in Pirates of the Caribbean left me woozy—Orlando’s molten, agonized brown-eyed gaze as he watched his lover kiss another man had me enamored, disordered, sweaty, and sticky. If only a sandy, thick-lashed sensitive scallywag needed me with the soul-shattering ire and gut-pumping passion of Will Turner’s adoration of Elizabeth Swan. A sweet lusty toxin slithers through me even now, as I recall the outlaw pleasures of becoming sexually sentient with an on-screen gentleman pirate. My yearning for Orlando Bloom was not a clean, sudsy puppy love affair; it was a humid secret of preteen longing, a warm visceral syrup carrying with it a rising dawn of clitoral arousal, and private exploration in the uncharted back alleys of my erotic imagination. There’s no distinct moment separating my aspiration to emulate Legolas and my desire to get washed ashore on top of the brawny Will Turner; the trajectory of my evolving sexuality seems much more loop-de-loop than a linear course from childhood to adolescence. Innocence (or inexperience) and apprehension perpetually resurface. Perhaps the notion of casting off a childhood cocoon of sexual innocence is an overly simple metaphor—in my experience, adolescent fantasies can comingle, come out of and intersect with earlier crushes. I’m relating (over-sharing?) my mixed-up emotional and physical experiences with a celebrity crush during the convoluted span of preteen sexual awakenings to push back against a notably disembodied, sexless narrative of girls’ crushes as presented in a much-hyped new book called Crush: Writers Reflect on Love, Longing, and the Lasting Power of Their First Celebrity Crush. A collection of celebrities contemplating their own first famous loves, compiled by writers Cathy Alter and Dave Singleton, Crush beautifully explicates the ties between fantasy and self-exploration, with personal essays penned by big names ranging from Stephen King and Roxane Gay to James Franco and Andrew McCarthy. The mishmash of voices offers intimate vistas into the expansive scope of sexual development and the role of celebrity in articulating sexual excitation. Several poignant snippets like “What else is a crush but a repository for our own passions and unfulfilled real-life relationships?” and “Over time, the exposure either disillusions you or complicates/mellows/deepens to something like actual love, once the aura of crushhood is dispelled enough to see the real person,” pack a punch about the mechanisms of infatuation and fantastical daydreaming. Already lauded as the breezy must-read of summer 2016, Crush is definitively a worthy skim. However, I found the personal testaments of celebrity-induced giddiness less entrancing than the patterns that encased the authors’ narratives—despite the essays’ surrealist delinking from actuality, many of the essays fell into hackneyed, binary cultural molds that sheath conceptions of desire with gendered roadblocks. Unlike the female authors, many male authors detailed sexual arousal and described preteen sexualities that were firmly rooted in explorations of the physical. Several elaborated on the moment when they first noticed a woman’s tits brush against each other in a viscerally intoxicating motion that ignited an identity-altering obsession with cleavage and masturbation. Stephen King, in a pithy three-paragraph account, devotes a hefty chunk of his text to recounting the lifelong repercussions of his eight-year-old self’s terrifyingly sudden yearning to touch Kim Novak’s breasts. In a slightly more loquacious narrative, Andrew McCarthy describes how, as a fourteen-year-old boy, he “masturbated into a sock, with the discovery of the wonder of the female breast—Adrienne Barbeau’s breasts—dominating [his] vision.” Larry Doyle refers to Laura Petrie from The Dick Van Dyke Show as the “original MILF” (though he does qualify that, as a six-year-old kid, the “F” didn’t stand for you-know-what). Editor Cathy Alter confirmed my skulking suspicion that the articulation of celebrity crushes might have taken a degree of influence from the gendered expectations confronting the authors. In an interview with StyleCaster, Jinnie Lee questioned Alter about how men and women differently narrated their experiences, to which Alter replied, “It’s difficult to make one sweeping statement, but for many guys… they were physical crushes. That’s what I noticed, which didn’t really surprise me.” In contrast, she describes that many of the female authors recounted letters they wrote to celebrities, posters they hung above their beds, magazine interviews they pored over with friends, and the sense of emotional union—devoid of sexuality—that lay under their celebrity infatuations. In reading Crush, I was struck by how the discrepant frames for men’s and women’s experiences, interpretations, and articulations of preteen sexuality emerged. The female authors’ descriptions seemed so incorporeal, rooted outside of visceral urges and fleshly stimulation, as compared to their boner-bearing male counterparts. For example, the title “And They Called it Puppy Love” frames Jodi Picoult’s essay on her “perfectly safe” crush on Donny Osmand. She writes, “In my dreams, Donny was clean-cut and asexual, attentive and gentle and understanding.” In an evocative homage to Harry Chapin, Michelle Brafman describes her fixation with Chapin as a conduit for filling unrequited relationships with others, rather than an embodied affinity for the musician. She meets him and he kisses her cheek, but she asserts, “Despite my sanctified cheek, it wasn’t Harry I wanted; it was his ability to make me feel a part of his choir of lonely voices.” Jill Kargman’s description of “getting turned on” by Kenickie from Grease seems all together transgressive amongst the harmonized deluge of sexless celeb fantasies. The sexlessness of the female authors’ narratives led me to speculate the influence of cultural scripts on individuals’ realization and conception of sexuality. Why did male authors’ experiences seem more self-assuredly physical than the female authors’ experiences? Do cultural norms—that urge women to keep their legs closed, but celebrate men who enjoy numerous sexual partners—affect the way we experience and/or remember our early efflorescence of sexuality? Do cultural scripts impact the ways we talk about our sexuality by encouraging women to be modest in public but giving men a platform to be frank? And might authors selectively prune and play up or play down their narrations of sexuality for the public reception of Crush? Gendered socialization colors the authors’ experiences of coming to their sexual senses as well as their modern-day recollections of preteen arousal and their public expressions of these intimate stories. As many feminist theorists have written, the union of femininity and emotions works to mutually suppress the value of the feminine and the emotional; Sara Ahmed captures the sentiment in her book, The Cultural Politics of Emotions, arguing that the “association between passion and passivity… shows us how the subordination of emotions also works to subordinate the feminine.” The isolation of body and emotion, and the traditional association of men with physicality and women with emotional aptitude, derives from a fallacious disassociation of affect and viscera. As feminist philosopher Alison Jaggar argued in her essay “Love and Knowledge: Emotion in Feminist Epistemology,” emotions are both biologically anchored and socially constructed; a somewhat universal human body has the capacity to respond to emotional triggers with physical and incorporeal reactions. Our individualized reactions de-universalize the human body; we learn how to respond from localized scripts and social conventions. While the near-universality of a biological capacity to experience emotional reactions supersedes gender structures, cultural instructions teach us how to respond to affective experiences in accordance with local gender norms. We have the capacity to blush, but we learn socially which situations should shame us, just as we might have the capacity to cry, but we absorb local social scripts that teach boys not to cry. If emotions are overdetermined to connote femininity, perhaps Crush’s male authors’ hyper-focus on ejaculatory impulses attempts to compensate for dabbling in emotional elocution. The male authors’ articulations of their emotions require physical (dare I say phallic) justification, whereas girls’ romance-based emotions are disconnected from bodily impulses (and the emotional patterns of genderqueer folk are, per the binary, unmentioned). To relink body and emotion would muddy the expected frames for male and female preteens’ experience of desire, and reconnecting the emotional, romantic aspect of crushes with visceral stimulation would also oblige us to rethink the assumed innocence and chastity of young women. The many narratives in Crush provide a lush ground to explore the pathology of young women’s sexuality. Stephen King’s account of realizing the sexual majesty of cleavage at age eight does not set off alarm bells, but if an eight-year-old girl saw a penis on TV and realized a sexual awakening of her own, we would freak out (and call a psychiatrist). The homogenous imposition of sexual demureness on girls’ identities is a Puritanical remnant that is still headily imbedded in our conceptions of young sexuality. A social expectation of chastity—in fantasy and in actuality—effectually smooths the real-life messy variations in girls’ sexual desires, scrubbing clean the mucky, cum-y, porous, and fleshly desires girls may experience. Expressing these visceral and affective aches risks social expulsion and the scrutiny of medical professionals. And while much messaging exists today that disrupts the Puritanical traditions in this country, the pressure to conform to these gender scripts—be sexually desirable but not actively desiring—still exists, particularly for girls. Crush shows us that the stereotypes of women as “sexualized object” rather than “sexual being” impact the male and female authors’ notions of sexuality. From my own girlhood, I certainly recall daunting pressure to achieve the prescribed sexualized chastity necessary for performing femininity. I wore low-cut shirts and danced with boys, but on terror of social expulsion, I never told anyone about masturbating until I went to college. I saw many girls socially outcast for “slutty behavior,” and girls sent home from school for sexually provocative outfits. When I started having sex, I was shamed for trying to get a birth control prescription, learning that the notion of “knowledge as power” fails if you can’t exercise it. Pernicious parameters of girls’ sexuality are still alive and well. As Foucault says, paradoxically, we are a society that talks about sex all the time—particularly, about how to control the sexuality of preteen girls, but we retain a façade of shock when confronting blatant displays or references to sexuality, particularly when directed by girls. Girls’ sexuality has a long tradition of pathology—young girls who masturbated were (and are still) treated as deviants and perverts, rather than self-guided explorers of new, rousing territories, the way that we perceive boys who masturbate to be. As Jenny Block wrote in Jezebel, society worries about our sons’ sexual health if they don’t masturbate, but we often don’t even consider masturbation within the realm of possible behavior for daughters, let alone an indicator for sexual health. Imposing a homogeneously desexualized innocence on pubescent girls—which, often, aims to protect them—essentially negates their sexual agency and teaches them to reproach the fluids, emotions, and impulses of their own bodies. To be clear, I am not arguing that all girls with a celebrity crush are sexually precocious, or that all girls suffer from the rigid restrictions of an everlasting Puritanical moral code. Rather, I am arguing that boys are afforded the possibility of physical sexual exploration without the label of pathology or perversion that masturbating girls assume. As illustrated in the gendered narrative channels in Crush, the social expectation for girls to wait chastely for romance infiltrates the privacy of our fantastical musings as well as our public accounts of sexuality. We have a cultural squeamishness with female masturbation, particularly as an exploration activity for preteens. As a collection of reflections on the ways we construct narratives surrounding nascent fantasies of sex and desire, Crush is important to feminist theorizing through its exposition of the influence of cultural gender norms on our articulations of our sexualities. The editors claim that “these crushes, like prehistoric insects trapped in amber, remind us of who we were, in all our brace-faced, unencumbered glory, when anything and every was both possible and futile,” but the collective voices evidence gaps in girls’ access to corporeality of fantasy, rather than simply the emotional pleasures of romance. Was everything ever possible for the girls, even in their private daydreams? In her book, Precarious Life: The Power of Mourning and Violence, Judith Butler writes “we’re undone by each other,” and fantasies allow us to undo ourselves, by ourselves, through daydreaming of another. But she also warns us that, “the foreclosure of fantasy—through censorship, degradation, or other means—is one strategy for providing for the social death of person.” Why does society give room for boys’ sexual fantasies but forsake girls? We know girls are fantasizing, learning about sex, and masturbating—so why can’t girls claim their fleshy fantasies? To lift the censorship, degradation, and foreclosure of girls’ fantasies, we may have to investigate the gendered limitations on how we think about early loves, impulses, celebrity crushes, and maybe, sexually stirring gentleman pirates.
Olympic snowboard and ski cross course revealed FIS today released the snowboard cross and ski cross course designs for the 2014 Olympic Winter Games in Sochi (RUS). The course is located in the Extreme Park at Rosa Khutor ski area. This custom designed course, which was created in cooperation between the Freestyle Skiing and Snowboarding disciplines, will provide one of the most dramatic settings for two of the youngest and most exciting FIS Olympic events. Snowboard cross (SBX) was introduced at the Torino 2006 Olympic Winter Games, while ski cross (SX) was successfully introduced at the Vancouver 2010 Olympics. The 1250 meter-long course in Sochi, which was designed over the last four years, will consist of a series of eight turn sections, punctuated by a series of jumps and roller sections and is sure to be a strong and exciting test for the Olympic snowboarders and skiers. In the cross event, a group of competitors (four skiers, or six snowboarders) launch themselves from the starting gate which drops open onto the course. After each round, the top half of the field (two skiers or three snowboarders) advance to the next round. The final medal rankings are determined by the positions in the final. For both Freestyle Skiing and the Snowboarding, the cross competition represents perhaps the most complete display of talent and skills, with jumps, turns, gates, speed, and head-to-head competition testing every skill set. Skiers and snowboarders will share the same start and finish areas in Sochi, with around 80% of the cross course sections to be shared as well. There will be one area where the course will split into separate ski and snowboard sections to specifically target each discipline's skills. In total, 64 ski cross and 64 snowboard cross ladies and men will compete on the course during four days, with each heat clocking a time between 1:15 and 1:30 minutes. The course was successfully tested during the 2012/13 World Cup season when the Olympic test events were held in February, 2013. Feedback about the course in both disciplines was overwhelmingly positive. The FIS Technical Advisors David Ny (SWE) and Nicolas Vaudroz (SUI) have built numerous World Cup and World Championship courses and their efforts, in cooperation with the FIS cross specialist and former German Olympian Martin Fiala, were used to create an exceptionally dynamic and challenging Olympic cross venue. Martin Fiala, FIS, who competed in Vancouver 2010 as a ski cross competitor for Germany stated: “The Olympic programme always provides some extra special characteristics from our World Cups and World Championships courses. The cross course in Rosa Khutor challenges all skills from both snowboarding and skiing. I would like to thank all involved from the Rosa Khutor ski area, National Ski Association(s), from the Organising Committee and also to the course designers and the course builders for their hard pre-work on the road to the competitions and wish all the teams and athletes a safe, successful and exciting Olympic Games in Sochi 2014 for what could become a true highlight of the programme.” Check out the course design here: http://www.fis-ski.com/news-multimedia/photos/gallery=olympic-snowboard-and-ski-cross-design.html
IWA Mid-South - Bad Blood Rising 2009 DVD-R Please verify you have a compatible player before purchasing our DVD-R titles. We are not responsible for the compatibility of your player to our DVD-R titles. Click here to check: (DVD-R Compatibility Chart) - Ethan Page vs. Joey Kings - Juice Robison vs. Neil Diamond Cutter - Mickie Knuckles vs. Cameron Starr - The Hooligans vs. The Hybrids - Larry Sweeney vs. Michael Elgin - I QUIT MATCH: Egoistico Fantastico vs. Trik Davis - Ryan Phoenis vs. Jason Hades vs. "Quick" Carter Grey - NO ROPE BARBED WIRE MATCH: Drake Younger vs. Ian Rotten vs. Danny Havoc Average Customer Review: Not yet rated Write an online review and share your thoughts with others.
Ras El Hanout is a delightful, heady mix of flavours which often gives Moroccan dishes that authentic taste. We are lucky to live in a region where good Moroccan food is commonplace, but why not try your hand at this mix, simple, easy and cheap to make, and yet off the scale when it comes to flavouring? Use it as a rub for meat or fish, or add a few teaspooons to a tagine, stew or curry. - 2 cardamon pods - ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon - 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper - 1 heaped teaspoon coriander seeds - ½ teaspoon sweet smoked paprika - Pinch of cumin seeds - ½ teaspoon turmeric - ½ teaspoon ground ginger - 1. Lightly bash the cardamom pods in a pestle and mortar, shake out the seeds and discard the pods. - 2. Grind and muddle in the remaining ingredients to form a fine powder.
Today I’m going to show you how to grow your own sprouts! All you need is a big jar, a piece of cheesecloth, a rubber band, and a towel. It’s like magic. You can sprout just about any kind of seed, bean or grain. This was my first attempt, and I sprouted black lentils and quinoa, because that was all I had in the house. I also threw in some brown rice. I had a feeling the brown rice wouldn’t sprout, and I was right. Next time I’m going try chickpeas and mung beans. You can even do vegetable and herb seeds. Radish sprouts are spicy and delicious. Put some seeds in the jar. I used a half a cup, which pretty much filled a quart size jar once they had sprouted. I might use less next time. A quart of sprouts is a lot of sprouts. Pour some water into the jar. Cover the seeds by about an inch or so, and cover the mouth of the jar with cheesecloth. Let them soak for a few hours or overnight. Pour off the water and give your seeds a good rinsing. Drain again. You want them to be wet but not standing in water. Place the jar on its side. prop up the bottom a little so the mouth of the jar is tipped down. Cover the jar with a towel and leave it alone. Give the seeds a good rinsing at least twice a day, 3 or 4 times a day is ideal. Within a day you’ll see some seeds starting to sprout. They’ll be ready after about 5 days or so. Then you can make my favorite sandwich– hummus, avocado, cucumber and sprouts, a pinch of sea salt and a splash of balsamic vinegar on a whole wheat pita.
I returned to Brora today having researched the new location of the Harlequin Duck. Sputie Burn is on the other side of the mouth of the River Brora some 1 – 2 miles from the beach car park and a considerable distance from where I was watching yesterday. The walk loaded with watching equipment was a fairly pleasant one along fields and stretches of beach. The tide was out but there were pools of water between the rocks therefore I felt reasonably confident that finding the bird would not pose too much of a problem. Provided it had not departed back to Iceland of course! Once at Sputie Burn I set up the telescope and began scanning the rocks. I saw two Sandwich Terns sat on rocks and noticed a duck sat with them. In fact it was the only duck within the rock pools. Bingo the Harlequin Duck was in the scope well that didn’t take too much effort on this occasion! Sputie burn itself is a mini waterfall that falls on to the shore. It looks out of place but must be a welcome sight for any tired migrants who would first be drawn by the gorse and the bushes that surround the burn. (I need to mess around with the photo so that it loads!) I spied several Seals at Sputie Burn and after the trek felt like joining them for a snooze before returning to the car for a refuel and on to my next destination. The next stop was Glen Affric NNR where I hoped to run into some Crossbills. These birds have been next to non-existent for the majority of birders I have spoken too. I have not even heard birds in flight and there is plenty of habitat here. I stopped at several areas once inside the reserve but could not locate a single bird. Logging is still taking place on parts of this site which spoils the landscape but there was still plenty of breathtaking view to be had of the area. The walk up to the viewpoint along the Dog Falls trail was well worth the uphill hike with splendid views of Loch Beinn a’ Mheadhain and surrounding mountains. It is back to the drawing board on the Crossbill front! The days are flying by but this adventure is not over yet!
Melissa Graves and Lane Graves 2-year-old Lane Graves was killed in an alligator attack at Disney’s Grand Floridian Resort and Spa, after he was snatched at the edge of the manmade Seven Seas Lagoon, while wading in water that reached his ankles. Lane’s father fought to free him from the ferocious gator, but was unable to do so, due to the sheer strength of the animal. Lane’s mother also jumped into the water trying to free her son. Many are speculating the family will sue. It would be completely understandable, as they have suffered a horrific trauma due to Disney’s negligence in encouraging tourists to use a fake beach bordering an artificial lagoon they knew had become infested with alligators. Disney placed a “no swimming” sign on the fake beach, but it stated nothing about alligators. Lane was not swimming in the water, in violation of the sign. He was standing in ankle deep water, just like people in the Disney ad for the hotel. If Disney had an alligator warning sign in the area people would not have used the fake beach bordering the artificial pond. Tourists from out of state (the Graves are from Nebraska) and the international community do not know to beware of gators in the state of Florida, but locals do. It is generally not something tourists are told, as it is not very glamorous. Others have since come forward revealing they were on the shore at the Seven Seas Lagoon and confronted by aggressive alligators who charged at them. Guests told Disney of the problem, but their concerns were brushed off as insignificant. The mere fact Disney knew and failed to take the proper measures to protect guests and it resulted in Lane’s death, says they are liable. Some lawyers do not have the best strategy. They let their egos get the best of them, stating they can beat and win any case. However, some cases aren’t worth winning, as the cost to your name and that of your client results in irreparable damage and public hatred. Not to mention the damage it does to the Judiciary’s name. Disney needs to settle with the Graves if they sue, as it is the right thing to do under what must be unimaginably horrible circumstances for the family. Disney and their lawyers also need to watch what they say about the case, lest the public pounces on them. I’ve seen a few arrogant lawyers decide to take the gloves off with victims in lawsuits only for it to destroy their clients’ businesses and cause other potential clients to run from them. There is no question Disney is at fault - from the bad advertising showing guests in the water to numerous reports of guests complaining to staff about the alligators, the evidence does not look good. And make no mistake, if the public catches Disney in a dogfight with the Graves family in court, they will take a massive financial hit from locals and tourists turning on the resort. Tragedy Strikes Orlando, Florida Again As Boy Goes Missing After Alligator Drags The 2-Year-Old Into The Water At A Disney World Hotel Parents Of Boy That Fell Into Gorilla Pit At Cincinnati Zoo Leading To Animal Being Killed By Staff Are Under Investigation By Police
When you’ve finished cleaning your sock drawer and have some time to practice your Icelandic, go to: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haByWjOXdKQ and listen carefully. They’re talking about a Spanish documentary, Campillo, Sí Quiero, which is about a village in Castille called Campillo de Ranas (Littlefield of Frogs). Or you can skip all that and read about the village in the New York Times. Get in your car in Madrid, head north on the A-1 for about 70 km., take Exit 76 toward Avenida de la Venta de Méa, take the M-137 about eleven km. till you get to Prádena del Rincón, where you turn right onto M-130. Go about 7-8 km till you rejoin the M-137 again. Be sure to take the right turn and go north and not the left turn which would take you back to where you started on M-137. Follow that for about 8 km, till you get to the GU-187. Stay on that about 5 km. till you get to GU-181. Turn right and continue on about three and a half km. till you get to GU-194. Turn left onto the highway to Corralejo (Carretera a Corralejo) (GU-194) and go about 8 km. till you get to GU-186 (Ctra a Majaelrayo). Take that about half a kilometer, turn left toward Calle Cuesta about half a kilometer and there you are in Little Field of Frogs, the gay marriage capital of Spain. If you make all the right turns it shouldn’t take you more than two hours from Callao in downtown Madrid, about 128 km. in all. Probably best to go when there’s a wedding you’re invited to. Or arrange one of your own, gay or non-gay. Takes about 45 days to clear the paper work, I understand, so get cracking. Besides the wild boar, there are only 50 or 60 inhabitants, but there are apparently lots of B&Bs and restaurants in villages nearby. You can see the mayor (and local beekeeper) of Campillo de Ranas, Francisco Maroto, interviewed by Teresa Viejo on the Castillian TV program Tal Como Somos (Such as We Are). People are coming from all over the place (Peru, the U.S., Eastern Europe) to get married in his town, since he decided (he’s gay himself) to take advantage of the fact that Spain approved same-sex marriage in June of 2005. The marriage featured on the program is one done in medieval costume where everybody, including the alcalde gets all dressed up in medieval drag. When Lord of the Rings fans got married, Maroto got dressed up as Gandalf. Whatever it takes, says Mayor Maroto. This is one clever dude in the body of a cozy teddy bear. He’s stopped the exodus to the cities, the school has opened again with eleven kids after being closed for 32 years, and the old folks are rallying round their mayor in case there might be anybody who would wish him harm. The interviewer puts him on the spot. She asks him if he’s married himself and he says no. She then tries to interview his partner, Quique Rodriguez (the local justice of the peace), sitting in the audience, but the partner refuses. Mayor says they’re not interested in getting married. Interviewer says, well if you change your mind… A real marriage-maker, this one. She then interviews a straight couple he married some time ago with their four-month-old daughter who want to thank him for his efforts in marrying them. Most of the folk who come there now to marry are straight. They just like the place. Seriously – you can skip the Icelandic interview since it’s just talking heads – unless, of course, you like to hear Nordics make those delicious sounds with their mouths. But watch the mayor’s interview, even if your Spanish isn’t up to snuff. The warmth of the guy, of the interviewer, the warmth of Spain comes through. Where, I ask you, in all this, is the view that gays are a threat to the institution of marriage?
Read the Latest News Program Coordinator, 4-H and Youth Development University of Illinois Extension 358 Front Street Galva, IL 61434 Check out the Henry and Stark Counties 4-H Facebook pages In 4-H, youth are the leaders. They're learning, teaching, serving their communities and gaining skills for the future—and having fun doing it! Given the right opportunities, they will be the ones to make our world a better place and create a positive impact. What if you were one of them? Join 4-H today! Henry and Stark Counties 4-H has community clubs youth and teens can join. These clubs meet on a regular (monthly) basis in cities and towns across the county throughout the year. At 4-H Club meetings members elect officers, share projects, give demonstrations, go on special outings, do community service projects, share snacks, and have a great time meeting new friends. Throughout the year 4-H also offer a variety of Special Interest (SPIN) clubs. These meet over 6 weeks and cover one topic such as dog obedience, sewing, horses, archery, shooting sports, photography. If you are interested in joining 4-H, contact Jennifer Peterson, 4-H Program Coordinator at (309) 932-3447 or email her at firstname.lastname@example.org - Join 4-H Today Find out how you can join 4-H in Henry and Stark Counties.
Brandon has been locked away in the Mullins Chain Drive dungeon working his mad scientist skills on his Born-Free 6 build! He has more work into the modifications to the twin front S and S shovelheads than he'll ever be able to bill for! Check out the crazy exhaust ports and the new Hi-Po dual carb setup!!! This shovelhead will be 96-inches of mean machine! You can always keep up with Brandon's blog HERE or on is Instagram HERE
3/33 Albion Street Sebastopol 3356 VIC SLEEK & STYLISH FULLY RENOVATED 2BR APARTMENT IN SEBASTOPOL BOOK YOUR INSPECTION ONLINE 24/7 Click "Book an Inspection Time" to select a time that is suitable for you. Alternatively, go to our website ballaratrealestate.com.au and press the BOOK INSPECTION button to register for a time that suits you. This has to be Ballarat's most spectacular fully renovated apartments sure to impress the most disconcerting tenant. Open the front door and you are wowed by the light and bright open plan gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances with an abundance of cupboard space which flows through to the open plan meals and living area. Wait until you see the stunning separate toilet, laundry and bathroom complete with massive tiled shower base and frameless shower screen with modern colour schemes your visitors will envy. Freshly polished floorboards, floor tiles and smart light fittings throughout including each of the two bedrooms both with built in robes. Those hot summer nights and cold winter mornings are a thing of the past with a split system installed for your comfort. External features a low maintenance rear courtyard with car parking right at your door step. Call today to arrange inspection because this will not last! Email this agent Email sent successfully! Your email has been sent. Would you like to get The Real Estate Conversation? Get new properties in your inbox Real Estate For Rent in Sebastopol, VIC 3356 priced between $150 and $290
Bruce Jenner is 10 years old and home alone. He walks into his mother’s bedroom closet, brushing a hand over the cotton dresses. He selects one, careful to mark its exact position with a piece of paper, so no one discovers. He accessorizes with one of Mom’s scarves and with shoes belonging to his sister, Pam, and dabs on some lipstick. After surveying the ensemble in a mirror, the child ventures out of the red brick apartment building in tiny Tarrytown, N.Y., making it around the block. The adventure is both thrilling and painfully alienating: It’s 1959, and Bruce has no idea what’s going on. “Even at the age of ten, my life had become a sealed box, and over time, the sides would become even higher and ultimately impossible to scale,” Jenner writes in the new memoir The Secrets of My Life, in which she refers to herself as Caitlyn after her transition, in the spring of 2015, and Bruce beforehand. Before transitioning publicly, Jenner’s is a lonely life of concealment. Trying to “exorcise what was living inside,” Jenner marries and divorces three women, trying on their clothing, too. The wives are left deeply confused, as are the children. After their makeup starts going missing, young Kylie and Kendall enable a security camera on their computer, only to discover Dad in drag – they are “too young to understand.” In the eighties, the Olympic decathlete crisscrosses America, delivering corporate motivational speeches to stay afloat financially. On these occasions, Jenner dons a suit with a bra and pantyhose underneath. There are strolls in little black dresses through anonymous hotel lobbies, excursions that leave Jenner self-conscious, “a thinner version of Big Bird standing out for the world to see and snicker at after I pass.” Excruciating electrolysis sessions and hormone therapy treatments are conducted in secret throughout the mid-80s. Later, Jenner gets more daring, changing into dresses and wigs in a car near the family home – and lurking paparazzi – in Los Angeles. With a low, masculine voice, Jenner makes sure never to speak out loud, except for one Starbucks run to order a vanilla latte. Applying and removing makeup and false eyelashes, squeezing into undergarments – the daily rituals most women find oppressive, Jenner finds liberating and life-affirming. But Caitlyn’s glamazon femininity has earned her few friends in either the transgender or feminist camps. When she gushed about nail polish in her first revelatory interview with Diane Sawyer, her critics were aghast, noting that the struggles of womankind extend beyond chipped nails. Others took issue with Jenner’s wealth and her politics: She’s a Republican who voted for Donald Trump. Jenner’s memoir presents a person who is deeply conscious of her critics, desperate to avoid confrontation and constantly apologizing – now to her transgender critics, but before that to her three wives and six children for being “consumed and self-absorbed” by a lifelong gender dysphoria. “I am trying to learn as quickly as I can,” writes Jenner, who visits with the families of bullied transgender children lost to suicide. “I am very new to the community and I understand some still perceive me as an outsider. My own story, I believe, is worth telling because the pain and fear I experienced was real.” The Globe and Mail spoke with Caitlyn Jenner from Los Angeles. What does hiding the way you did for five decades do to a person? Everybody has stuff they have to deal with in life. My identity was my stuff for my entire life. In the fifties and sixties, there wasn’t even a word for it. I didn’t know why I felt this way. There was no information. This continued all the way through the eighties, when I was really struggling. I couldn’t even find a therapist. It was a life of hiding and sneaking around and being embarrassed that my identity was such an issue in my life. It’s not like you take two Aspirin and get plenty of sleep and wake up the next morning and you’re fine. It was extremely lonely. After a lifetime of hiding, you are abruptly thrust into the spotlight as a mainstream transgender spokesperson. How was that for you? The public and the press put me in a position where, all of a sudden, I represented this entire community, which is not the case. I’m a representative for my story. Disenfranchised transgender women take issue with you as a spokesperson because of your privilege. You seem acutely aware of your critics, writing out the words “I am white. I am entitled. I have wealth” in a bold font in the book. You face a trans protest at one of your appearances and you distinctly remember the protest signs. “You are an insult to trans people,” one reads. How does it feel to be an outsider all over again? It hurts. If a trans woman writes something [critical of me], I have this terrible problem where I just call ‘em up. I’ve done this on numerous occasions. I tell them, “You don’t know me. You don’t know my intentions.” They don’t know where my heart is. Yes, I’m white – can’t do anything about that. Privileged? My experience being trans is much different than theirs, I will admit to that. But I’ll never apologize for working hard all my life and making a good living. That’s what this country’s all about. We’re all trying to do the same thing: to make it better for our marginalized community and for the next generation. There’s no sense in criticizing anybody. I call my critics and say, “I’d like to get to know you. Tell me your story.” It changes people’s minds. At the same time, you write about taking some of the “sanctimony out of the sails of the trans community.” You make a point of noting that you’re not hung up on pronouns. Pronouns are extremely important, and I get that. I try to do my best to get all the pronouns right but even I’ve messed up. I was six months into my transition, and somebody working in production called and I said, “Hi, it’s Bruce.” My daughters Kendall and Kylie have asked me, “What do we call you?” I said, “‘Dad’ is going to work for me. I’m your dad. I’ll always be your father till the day you or I die.” Sometimes “Dad” and “she,” they kind of get messed up a little bit. But my daughters do a very good job. I spoke to Kendall on the phone today and she goes, “Yes, ma’am.” She’s getting it. But I don’t get hung up on it. I know people are going to make mistakes. You explain that you consider yourself a trans woman, not a woman. What is the distinction to you? My road to womanhood has certainly been different. I will never have a period. I will never bear a child. So I’m very comfortable with the words “trans woman.” It’s the way my life has been. There is clearly division among trans women, but there is also division between feminists about trans women. Some feminists argue that trans women can’t just take on the label of “woman” after enjoying the perks of masculinity all their lives. What’s your feeling about that? People criticize trans women because you go from what society treats as the powerful, masculine role to what society thinks is a weaker, feminine role. From this standpoint I think women underestimate themselves and the amount of power they have. I’ve always been with very strong women. Your first wife, Chrystie Scott, and your second wife, Linda Thompson, did not take the news of your cross-dressing well. Kris Jenner was less stunned by it but still not into it. What was it like for these wives – who clearly wanted their husband Bruce Jenner back? I did open up conversations with them, but it was the last thing they wanted to hear. I can’t blame them for that. I understand that it’s difficult when you transition. I respected if they were not into it. I get it. We’re better friends now with both Chrystie and Linda. In a lot of ways, we’re fine. With Kris, it was a little closer and tougher for her. Plus, we spent 23 years together. You say that your stepdaughter Kim Kardashian was the most sympathetic. As you’re chucking Bruce’s clothes, Kim carts her favourite pieces away. In a clip from Keeping Up With the Kardashians, Kris Jenner smells the suits and cries, mourning that Bruce is gone. Do you empathize with that? [Chuckles] She can be pretty dramatic at times – on the show. I understand that. It’s tough. But we didn’t go our separate directions because I was going to go and transition. It had been 23 years and things had changed. We both mutually decided that it was best for both of us to go in separate directions for many reasons. The book was leaked and tabloids have been obsessing over its final revelation – your gender reassignment surgery. I had “it” done and that already snuck out and it’s been all over the Internet. The tabloids love that, and so does the general public. The book is about honesty, about getting all this weight off my shoulders and getting rid of it. That had to be part of it, but I didn’t want to make it the main part. My reasons for doing something like that are in the book, and then I’m not talking about it any more. I want to protect myself and I want to protect the community. Why is the fixation on surgeries upsetting to transgender people? Gender confirmation surgery is an extraordinarily personal thing. It’s not for public consumption and it’s not something trans people really want to talk about. The general public thinks it’s all about what’s between your legs. It has nothing to do with that. It’s about what’s between your ears. The day after she has that surgery, a trans woman is no more a woman than she was the day before surgery. She is just more comfortable with herself. People are pruriently obsessed with your surgeries but also with your sexuality. They want to know if you’re gay or straight – post-transition. Where do you stand on those questions? I have no idea. I’m not looking to date – men, women, anything. I have no problem being by myself in my home. I’m set in my ways. If I can find a really good friend down the way, I would have a friend. How are the challenges for trans teens different today than what you were facing, completely alone, in the 1960s? My journey is a lot longer than many journeys of people today. Today it’s a different world. The big change for our community was the Internet. It opened the entire community up. Transgender people can now get a lot more information at a very young age, and that’s good. It also hurts. Online bullying is worse than getting bullied in person in high school or grade school. The real critical kids are the ones that suffer from depression combined with trans issues. It is devastating for these children, and a lot of them take their own lives. We have to do a better job of accepting the community. You expressed disappointment after Donald Trump revoked Barack Obama’s federal guidelines for public schools to let transgender students use bathrooms of their choice. You asked Trump to call you about it. Did he? Okay, this is where I’m at. I had talked to Trump during the campaign. We spoke on the phone about a lot of these issues. He seemed to be on our side. I was relatively optimistic at first. When he rescinded the federal guidelines with Jeff Sessions and Betsy Devos, I couldn’t figure out why he would do that. It was the absolute wrong thing to do. Why even go there? We’ve got so many more important issues to deal with in this country. Go deal with those and just leave us alone. When I was at the inauguration, he said he wanted me to come down and play golf with him – I just don’t know if he wants to get beaten by a 67-year-old trans woman. I would love to get four hours out on the golf course with him to be able to talk business. That’s how a lot of things get done. But if I went down now and played golf with him, the transgender community would just destroy me. If I do anything now, it’s got to be behind closed doors. A trans friend of yours talks about the first day she wakes up and goes to bed without thinking once about gender. Have you had that day? I am very pleased at where I’m at in my life. This woman has lived inside of me since I can remember. Maybe it’s time to let her live and give her an opportunity. Bruce pretty much did everything – there was nothing left for him to do. Let’s take little Bruce and put him inside and let her live. It was very liberating to let her go. I always want to wake up in the morning excited about the day. In the old days, when I was training, I would wake up in the morning excited for the day to start. I had weights to lift, I had workouts to do, I had competitions coming up. I lost that in my life for many years. I couldn’t care about the next day. In going through this transition, that excitement for life has returned. I got the old mojo back. This interview has been edited and condensed.
Canada’s Action Plan on Lyme Disease is the most cruel joke in history. That MacLean’s Magazine article says it all: “You act, they’ll watch.” I did act. They were even watching. It has taken a while, but after disseminating my discoveries to University of New Haven, The Mayo Clinic, USP, and some Canadians I gave up on, they finally are getting the memo. Rona, read your gawdam email! The Paul H. Duray Memorial Foundation paper of Jan 20, 2016, demonstrated what I have been seeing all along now. Lyme Disease and others like MS and ALS are a trypanosomiasis. Wild Apple Leaves shock the worms straight out of your skin. They were hiding there for decades since you got your first infected insect vector. It is all the little known science of Parasitology, per Evans and Bilharz, and it is epidemic. Canada is about the largest biting blood sucking insect hatchery in the world. Between us and Russia, there are a helluva lotta bugs. In my case, the astonishing thing was neuro borreliosis, which it cured over 90% estimated in 3 days. The rest of the worms were more insidious, hiding in Biofilm. then there was Trichobilharzia regenti. It so happens I know a doctor from Africa who should be expert in parasitology. He had no clue about this, but I told him about the Wild Apple Leaves. He did offer that Wikipedia was all bullshzt, and that I was delusional. I half agreed in this case. Those Swimmer’s Itch worms were in there over 50 years. They eventually came out like dirt when I cracked their biofilms. Stealthy little things, but my Wild Apple Leaf Stink Bomb made them cry for mercy. Wikipedia said it was a temporary condition. Fat chance. Now that’s what I call a real “Action Plan.” The only thing faster than the speed of light in a vacuum is arguably “Stink.” Better get with he program and find an apple tree from your area that works. What do we need? A billion sick people. People with microscopes to try and capture pictures of worms as they come out from hiding in your body. You should feel better every day as the helminths flee Dr Stink’s Special Wild Apple Leaf Surprise. People with wire cutters and apple trees to sample leaves and prepare them. There is no USP monograph in the herbal compendium; If you are a pharmacist, prove it. This blog tells you all you need to know about preparing apple leaf phage, and why you should dry it under 60°C. Skip all my Warren Harding “Batso” rock climbing rants back from the days when the late Bill Costerton, Tweezot (chemical engineering student rock climber), and I (too chicken to climb granite walls, but not drink), affectionately nick named Dr² Stink after garnering the fastest pH D (sp -1) in History, were in university, pinin’ for the fjords, and drinking a lot of porch climber cheap wine and beer. Most of all, we need YOU! This is your real Canadian Lyme Disease Action Plan. I’m hijacking it. It went nowhere. Canadian politicians are infamous for inaction on anything, let alone Wild Apple Leaves and Wild Apple Leaf smoked out epidemic helminthiases. With continued use, the apple leaf powder makes your whole body an insecticide, so if you run out of Off!, fear not. That bug bite will be it’s last. If it had a worm in it, it will skidaddle right away too I have noticed. That’s handy now that Zika is here. How am I doing?: It’s a slow grind back from ALS like symptoms., but every day, it gets a little better. I must have a lot of malacia lesions to repair. My Parkinson’s is up and down. But I manage. That is infinitely better than it was a couple years ago. And hey, I’m finally gaining weight again and rebuilding all those muscles the trypanosomes ate with their spirochaete farms. What is the deal with the funny spelling of Spirochaete? It is the correct British spelling. The American is “spirochete.” I’d just thought I’d clear that up. I’m not a Brit, but a Canadian. We spell funny too. I live in the Rocky Mountains. Sounds like a great place to get a disease, like RMSF or Colorado Tick Fever. It is. Been there done that. they were easier to wallop than a UTI, but still formidable. Wild Apple Leaves opened the door by smashing it to bits. It used to have a key hole, but that is vaporized now. Moreover, Wild Apple Leaves are antimicrobial and probiotic, exceeding the effect of all antibiotics at once. They cure a common cold for example, apparently forever so far. Medicine still can’t. You can eat echinacea in buckets, but why? You see why medicine can’t touch a cold as it wallops about a dozen infections in hours with Wild Apple Leaf. Kiss goodbye to arthritis and sinusitis too. They get read the Riot Act early on. The limit is how much easy herx you can handle. There is no real measurable liver toxicity. It’s a different kind of herx you can feel in the infected parts, but there is no sepsis. Wild Apple Leaves do not kill spirochates. CBD does in a few hours. Then you don’t need any more. I suspect the terpenes nail them, and there is lots of anecdotal evidence for that. Thanks Ernie and Eva Sapi. They’re doing a study. I felt it when it killed off the spirochaetes hiding in my right thigh bone and it scared me it was so powerful, I thought it was like bone marrow cancer or something. I reduced biofilm for about 5 months pectin enzyme first though. Then it walloped it fast with less than a gram of hemp. I am so sensitive to the apple leaves now that they go through my skin by osmosis when I pick them, dry them, and powder them in a blender. I tried wearing a drywall mask, but it goes straight through that too. I hope Scouts Canada got the memo. Our gubmint isn’t worth the powder to blow them all to h3ll. The S+P 500 lost about 50 handles when Truedolt opened his pie hole at the White House yesterday. Scouts would make excellent apple leaf pickers. They could sell them for way more than Girl Guide Cookies, as an excellent bug bite defense, so it would also be an excellent source of revenue for them. Way more than UNICEF too. They’d probably be able to buy a dozen UNICEF’s from that alone. Picking and drying Wild Apple Leaves. They would also get immune from osmosis while picking them, and I bet their quality control would be excellent. Offer an Apple Leaf Badge as incentive. They already have a management structure. I was a Sixer of Tawny Six, and had more of those little badges than you could shake a sick at. I had to learn how to sew because my mother couldn’t keep up. I was a two star and 5 star cub when they changed over. I got kicked out though. Ate a Brownie. lol Lastly, chin up Mauril. I never got a diagnosis, but it’s borrelia. Try this. I’m hijacking the Plan, and we can make it. Wild Apple Leaves help,. but there is permanent damage to deal with maybe. I’m not giving up. They are. Dr. Stephen Hawking or Jason Becker aren’t either. Wear it as a badge of honour. They, the vector farmer nematodes causing this, crave rich grey matter. They’re intelligent enough to understand phage modified Wild Apple Leaf blackmail. lol In the news, I see Trump is gathering the troops. Dr. Ben Carson has joined. He is assembling a team. So am I. Scare the daylights out of them, and the worms too. You’ll be in a stronger negotiating position. THIS is a REAL Action Plan. As for government, I defer that to Mark Twain. What else can you do? The Canadian Inaction Plan is ridiculous in its current state. Soon it will be coming to its third year of inaction. I went to all US and European medical research because there is none here. I am a Canadian and they are too smart to listen to me and what I found out. A little toooo smart if you ask me. It’s the world’s most blatant fraud.
Accurate measurement of transit time of the HDR brachytherapy source of a remote after-loading unit is necessary to calculate the total radiation dose given to the treatment volume. Presently, most of the HDR brachytherapy treatment planning systems neglect the transit time in the computation of dose. The aim of this investigation is to use a well type ionization chamber to measure the transit time during the source movement between two dwell positions. As well type ionization chamber and a precision electrometer (manufacturer CD instruments, Bangalore) were used to measure the charge generated during the movement of the Ir-192 source of a Gammamed HDR brachytherapy unit with an interstitial needle. Effective transit time and effective speed were determined on the basis of methodology described by Sahoo . Corrections were done on the basis of relative sensitivity values for varaious dwell position in the ionization chamber. In the present study the variation of effective speed with interdwell distance was minimal as compared with that of Sahoo . The effective transit times were 0.129, 0.182, 0.301, 0.402, 0.701, and 0.993 seconds for 1, 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10 cm interdwell separations respectively. The effective transit times in the present study were higher than those of Sahoo . Software modification accounting for the dynamic dose should be incorporated into all HDR planning systems. Such an improvement would enhance the safety and accuracy of HDR brachytherapy. Financed by the National Centre for Research and Development under grant No. SP/I/1/77065/10 by the strategic scientific research and experimental development program: SYNAT - “Interdisciplinary System for Interactive Scientific and Scientific-Technical Information”.
Seems like the time has come when I no longer move with reckless abandon. No running across the yard, or jumping across a log (or probably more likely a toy), and my bones and joints speak to me quite often. And there's the self-preservation factor. I don't want to be laid up and barely able to roll over in bed. However, I came across this the other day, and some reckless abandon is still in my life. It may not be the physical kind, but yes, it does feel good. :) There was more hilarity that wasn't caught on video, but this helps me remember. May you live well, and laugh often.
I'm moving back to London in May 2010 and am looking for a new job within the ethical fashion sector. Career history / Company history: ETHICAL FASHION SHOW, Assistant Project Manager - Paris. Overall organisation of 4 editions of the annual trade fair dedicated to ethical fashion, a 4-day event with showrooms, runways and conferences attracting 5000 visitors. Comment Wall (2 comments) You need to be a member of Ethical Fashion SOURCE Network to add comments!
Lentils are a one-pot superstar. They’re low in calories and fat while packing a punch when it comes to fiber, protein, and iron. They sometimes get a bad rep for being difficult to cook, often turning out crunchy or mushy. But if you get the process down, they can be filling and flavorful when cooked correctly. I actually found this recipe on the bag of Safeway brand lentils (go figure), and it’s now one of our cold weather favorites! Sausage and Lentil Stew 1 tbsp olive oil 2 cups chopped onions 3 cloves of garlic, minced 1½ cups chopped carrots 1 lb smoked sausage (I use Hillshire Farms Turkey Polska Kielbasa) 1 lb dried lentils, rinsed thoroughly and drained 4 cups chicken or vegetable broth 1 tsp dried sage 1 tsp dried thyme ¼ tsp black pepper 1 tsp salt 1 lb fresh spinach or kale 1. In a large pot, heat olive oil over medium-high heat. Sauté onions, garlic, and carrots until tender (about 10 minutes). 2. Add sausage, lentils, broth, sage, thyme, pepper, and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes or until lentils are barely tender. 3. Stir in spinach or kale and bring to a boil. Cover and simmer for another 10 minutes or until lentils are tender. Ladle stew into bowls and serve. *Recipe originally from Safeway
Do you need a license to board animals, how to apply and pay for a boarding estbalishment license, how to change the license, what other permissions you may need, who regulates the license and what happens if you don't apply. You should only use a premises that holds either a valid Home Boarding Licence or a Animal Boarding Licence or a day crèche licence. A full list of all licensed boarding establishment can be seen on our public register page. This licence should be available on clear display at a Boarding Establishment, if you want to use a Home Boarder you can ask to see a copy of their licence. Before you decide on an establishment to board your dogs/cats you need to check the following: Yes. If you want to board dogs or cats you will require either: If you are unsure which category you fall into you can contact the licensing team for further advice. If you operate without a valid animal boarding licence in place, you may be prosecuted and fined up to £500 and imprisoned for up to 3 months or both. A cattery is a boarding establishment for cats, usually providing accommodation for one or two cats from each household for a period of time whilst their owners are away, on holiday or unable to look after them. A kennels is a boarding establishment for dogs, usually providing a kennel big enough for 1 or 2 dogs from the same household with the facilities for the dog to exercise. Some kennels offer day creche facilities, within the boarding kennels with dog socialisation. A day crèche is a boarding establishment providing day care, for dogs from different households normally between the hours of 7am-8pm with no overnight accommodation. Find out more information on Home Boarding licences on the Home Boarding page. If you require advice and guidance on applying for a animal boarding, we offer a pre-application advice service. The fee for this service is £50 plus vat. If you would like to book a pre- application advice meeting please email: firstname.lastname@example.org You can apply for an animal boarding licence online. For a cat boarding licence please use the following link: Apply for a cat boarding licence online To apply for a dog boarding licence please use the link below: Apply for a dog boarding licence online New application for a animal boarding establishment - £180 New commercial dog day care crèche - £200 Once you have submitted your complete application you will be contacted by a licensing officer, who will arrange to visit and inspect your boarding accommodation. In order to have your licence issued you will need to meet the conditions attached to the animal boarding licence as below: Additional conditions may be added to each licence on a case-by-case basis. Animal boarding conditions - dog (word 25kb opens in new window) Animal boarding conditions - cat (word 25kb opens in new window) Day creche model licence conditions (word 25kb opens in new window) If you meet all requirements, your licence will be granted and forwarded to you, any new application will require an inspection. If you are unable to meet the requirements for a licence, the officer will arrange to revisit you when you have done additional work on your premises. All animal boarding licences run from the 1 January to the 31 December each year. A tacit consent does not apply to this application, as every premise requires inspecting to ensure the standards required are fully met. A renewal application must be received by the 31 December each year, otherwise the animal boarding licence will lapse. If you continue to board animals without a licence you will be committing an offence. Renewal application for a animal boarding establishment - £160 Renewal application for a commercial dog day care creche - £200 You can apply for a renewal online, and receive a discounted fee below: Apply to renew your animal boarding licence online Please note: you will need your credit/debit card to hand. Please note: a renewal declaration form can only be used if nothing has changed from your existing licence, if you changed any details a new application form will be required. Your application cannot be processed without your supporting document of Public Liability insurance. A tacit consent does not apply to this application. You can use the online form below to apply to amend the following details on your animal boarding licence: Apply online to change my licence detail If you are applying for an animal boarding licence you may also need to speak to: The licensing team are the regulators for animal boarding establishments. If a business holds a licence it should be on display in a prominent position at the premises. If you have concerns about a premises operating under a licence, have a complaint or would like to report a business that you are concerned are operating without a licence you can contact the licensing team, by one of the following ways: Please ensure you provide as much information as you can to help us. You will be required to give your name and contact details so that we can ensure that the complaint is genuine. Your details will be kept confidential and will not be disclosed unless the investigation results in a prosecution at which stage your details would have to be disclosed. If you board cats or dogs providing them accommodation then you will require a boarding establishment licence. If you are found to be operating without such a licence in place, the licensing team may prosecute you.
It comes, unsurprisingly, from Latin. What may be surprising is the root: it means to have, hold, possess. It’s an ownership term, really, and it raised my interest because, as it happens with old words, we do not use it in that sense. We use the word for something that is fragile, young, delicate or for a feeling of deep affection that makes us smile at our happiness. I can possibly reconcile the first meaning with the root, as usually the things we have/hold are smaller, more fragile than ourselves. I am also used to diminutives and even diminutives of diminutives – they sound sweet, truly 🙂 – especially around children (smaller, more delicate, fragile). I cannot reconcile the second meaning though, not to that root. It would be interesting to know how it got there. Maybe the ownership is reversed, do you think? Maybe the object of our tenderness actually has a hold of us, and we enjoy our servitude? Tenderness in this form leads, if you’re the impulsive type (like me) to the blurting out of certain facts of life (like “I love you”), most of the time in the middle of conversations that have nothing much to do with feelings. It’s a welling up of feeling, you see, it was always there but then that object of tenderness says something so lovely that you can’t help yourself and you have to let them know of the link. Even if the situation puts a muzzle on the words though, tenderness is one of those feelings that calls out for more of the same. Unlike romantic love, where pain is almost implied in the process, tenderness leans more towards agape, about as pure as any human feeling can get, and so pain is bypassed which makes you feel safe, which then leads to you wanting more tenderness and so you put yourself in situations where you are likely to get this. In other words, you seek out both the feeling and the people who have offered this in the past. Tenderness is an indulgent feeling, there is a luxuriating qulaity to it that I believe stems from that feeling of safety I mentioned above. This is what I mean by the hold being reversed. If we are safe, then it follows that some walls can come down, that we do not have to prove so much, be so active or try to decide how far to go. We do not have to impress therefore we can relax, be vulnerable and understand ourselves as small, rather than the larger than life bias we usually see ourselves through. We offer tenderness usually to children, youth, pets, the elderly and sometimes baby gods. Basically, the ones on the brink of change (to grown-ups, to human, to death, to power). When it comes to receiving tenderness though, sometimes we identify the lack before defining it. Something may be missing from a relationship that we have in another. We wish and ask for it (let’s just cuddle on the couch, anybody?), we model it, we grieve when we don’t get it and yet we get embarassed when we see it (PDA? It’s in our DNA 😛 ). Contrary creatures that we are! Now, what to do about those who have never felt tenderness? Where will they learn?
Lead Designer Romain Amiel fills in for Game Director Joel Bylos to deliver this months Game Directors Letter for The Secret World (TSW). But fear not, its filled with some juicy tidbits of new information all the same. The first thing that Amiel points out in his update is that the final chapter of the Whispering Tide event should be arriving within the next few days, opening the raid against the Bird of the Zero Point Pathogen for players. But a few changes have been made to the encounter based on PTS feedback. The fight will be available for 30 min every 3 hours, during which you will be able to simply walk into "Flappy's" lair in order to fight the beast. As soon as each instance reaches its player limit, a new one will be created. If you are already part of a raid prior to entering, all of your party members will be assigned to the same instance. The first successful kill within the half hour window will grant everyone involved with a reward bag and a bonus amount of slivers and fragments. Each following kill will provide a flat amount of both currencies. The fight and its rewards will remain available until the Filth has been completely cleansed from Agartha and the path to the Tokyo playfield is opened. And on the subject of Tokyo, the area is still being developed by Funcom, but Amiel had a few new things to share for this update. NPC voice recordings have been completed and players will see the return of some well-known characters along with a few new ones. We are done recording all of the NPCs for Issue #9. Some familiar voices have returned to their role as some of our well-known characters, and we have worked with several brilliant new actors that have lent their voice to bring some of our new protagonists to life. If you haven't already, I recommend brushing up on your Japanese! It could come in handy. Additionally, Amiel also stated that the team has been hard at work on new investigation missions with new kinds of challenges along with a few teasers for Issues #10, which will take advantage of Funcoms Mature rating. The plan is that Issue #10 will further continue the story mission, introduce new friendly mission givers, as well as new monsters. It will open new areas within Tokyo, including a mall, and... the "Love hotel" which will take advantage of our current Mature rating. It will also include an area that will provide several hints regarding the future destination of all our secret agents. As for Issue #11, you can expect to see the Orochi Tower featured prominently in what will be the conclusion of the first chapter in TSW story. The lower level of the tower will provide a new Nightmare and Elite mode dungeon. The update itself will also bring the first chapter of the overall story of TSW to a close, ending with an epic end of chapter fight and a mysterious big reveal. Let the speculation commence. Be sure to read the full Game Directors Letter for more along with a few image teasers of whats to come. Source: TSW Game Directors Letter To read the latest guides, news, and features you can visit our The Secret World Game Page.
President James K. Polk Home & Museum is at 301 W. 7th St. The 1816 house is the only surviving residence of the 11th U.S. president besides the White House. It contains items and portraits belonging to the Polks along with many original furnishings from the White House. The adjacent Sisters' House exhibits political and Mexican War memorabilia as well as Mrs. Sarah Polk's fashion accessories. Note: Front entry into each building requires four steps; ramped entrances are available in the back. The Home Tour includes the upstairs (optional), where there are 20-30 steps up a staircase. Guided tours are available. Time: Allow 1 hour, 30 minutes minimum.
The Argenta Art Walk is held on the 3rd Friday of each month in the lovely Argenta Arts District. There are artists with booths set up all along Main Street, in downtown North Little Rock, and all the galleries and shops are open. If you haven't been, you should come out tonight! The Art Walk runs from 5 - 8 PM. My Saturday morning will be a lazy one, I'm sure, but I always try to drag my butt out of bed in time to make it to the Certified Arkansas Farmers Market in Argenta! One motivating factor is the booth that Ashley's sets up every Saturday with yummy breakfast goodies made from the local produce sold at the market. You can read more about CAFM, and their other locations, here: http://www.arkansasfood.net/cafm.php I won't give away what I'm spending my Saturday afternoon doing, but here's a hint: The remainder of my weekend I'll be spending with good food, good wine and most importantly good friends!! How will you spend your weekend?
6:52 P.M. — The final update for the day. - South’s Deidra Anthony took fourth in the girl’s 300-hurdles with a time of 47.09. Derby’s Jake Groskurth was second in the boy’s event, running a time of 39.99. Northwest’s Andrew Etheridge finished second, but was disqualified for interference towards the end of the race when he was disappointed and crossed his lane. - In the 800, the boys side had Northwest’s Daniel Herbert fifth in 1:57.95, Maize’s Garrett Hoch sixth at 1:58.19 and Northwest’s Robbie Martinez-Garcia seventh in 1:58.44. Maize’s Dani Walker won the girls side with a time of 2:17.19. Southeast’s Tamara Gagne was sixth. - Southeast’s Aarian Tipton was third in the 200 finals on the girls side, as East’s Oliver Bradwell took third after giving up late and Maize’s Miles Ukaoma finished fourth. Heights’ Justin Moore was sixth and Maize’s Mike Flores was seventh. - Southeast’s 4×4 team of Brittany Mason, Tamara Gagne, Aarian Tipton and Jamillah Bonner took second in a time of 4:00.17. Maize finished in third. - Kapaun’s Jacob Rose finished in third in the finals of the 400 with a time of 49.46. - In the girl’s 300 hurdles, Carroll’s Kristen Sponsel placed fourth in a time of 46.86. Her teammate on the boys side, Kyle Long took control early and held off Newton’s Miguel Johns for the win in a time of 38.68. - Mackenzie Maki almost completed the triple crown, but she just didn’t have enough in the tank in the 800 as she finished in 2:21.47 for second place for Kapaun. McPherson’s Adam Porter showed off his outstanding kick in the 800 to win his third race of the weekend in a time of 1:55.11. - Andover Central’s Tiffany Bias couldn’t defend her state title in the 200, finishing in third with a time of 25.35. Meg Ingwerson of Newton finished fourth in 25.95. On the boys side, Newton’s Grant Loescher and Nathaniel Martens took 2-3 respectively. - Andover Central’s 4×4 girls relay team of Stephanie Ginther, Lynsey Fortune, Kelsey Banwart and Tiffany Bias wins in a time of 3:58.35. Carroll took sixth. - Molly Milbourn, only a sophomore at El Dorado, becomes more decorated by winning the 800 by barely edging out Hesston’s Mollie Nebel. In the ultimate battle of Moll(y)(ie)’s, Molly represents the (y)’s well. - In the boys 800, Andover’s Tom O’Connell finished in fourth place with a time of 1:57.37. He was leading, but he was passed late. - Andover’s Baylee Clifton finished in sixth in the 200 girl’s finals. - Morgan Burns added more hardware from Trinity in a time of 22.24 in the 200 for the win. - El Dorado and Buhler get medals in the final event of the night, the girls 4×4. - Belle Plain’s Amanda Callaway won the girl’s 800 in a time of 2:17.36. Collegiate’s Megan Duggins finished in second with 2:24.54. - Douglass’ Lauren Green finished in second place with a time of 26.44 in the girl’s 200 dash. Kurt Pauly took home his fourth gold medal in the boy’s event with a time of 22.17. - In the final event of the night, the girls 4×4 competition sees Douglass take fourth, Conway Springs take fifth and Garden Plain take sixth. Douglass wins the girl’s team title with 56 points. Garden Plain finished second with 42.33 points. — Here’s a team title update.
Headmesh: Alexis Mesh Head v1.1 by LOGO – Maximillion Grant ♥ NEW!! Skin applier: Grazia Tone 02 Logo by *YS&YS* @ MBA Fair – Monicuzza Babenco ♥ NEW!! Body applier: Tone 02 Body applier v2.0 for Maitreya by *YS&YS* – Monicuzza Babenco ♥ Body: Lara by Maitreya – Onyx LeShelle Eyes: Eyes included in the Logo head pack Eyes applier: Included in the skin Grazia applier by *YS&YS* @ MBA Fair – Monicuzza Babenco ♥ NEW!! Hair: Sei by [Monso] @ Fameshed – Morphine Janick ♥ NEW!! Head Accessory: Bagatiba Crown [pink] RARE by *LODE* @ Chapter Four – Chirzaka Vlodovic ♥ NEW!! Tattoo: Coco – Henna by [White~Widow] @ Uber – Julie Hastings ♥ NEW!!! Bracelets: Deanna Bracelets by **RE** – Crashnoww Resident ♥ Outfit: Summer Breeze [Sol] by .Lybra. @ the Gacha Garden – Natzuka Miliandrovic ♥ NEW!!! Shoes: Summer Sandals Rare by .Lybra. @ the Gacha Garden – Natzuka Miliandrovic ♥ NEW!!! Poses: Glitz Bento Set by Foxcity @ Limit8 – Satomi Masukami NEW!!!
dryer lint for Mary Kelly Monday, September 27, 2010 In Tucson, the best Tex-Mex in town can be found at Paco's Mexican Food on Grant Rd. You would probably want to order the soft taco with carnitas and guacamole or the carne asada burrito, both fresh and delicious, and served on flour tortillas which are tender and tasty enough to be eaten on their own. The flan is rich and dense, more the consistency of a pot de creme, and is sufficient for two. 5563 E Grant Rd, Tucson, AZ 85712-2209
Earlier this year, we blogged about a shampoo ad that was running in the Swedish subway. A Pi hooked up to a motion sensor triggered a video effect on a billboard, so the model’s hair blew around in what looked like a response to the wind created every time a train came into the station. Swedish ad agency Garberg have done something similar to that original project – but this time something’s different (and all their work on this ad has been pro bono). This has become the most-viewed video in Sweden this week, and it brought us all up short. We think it’ll have the same effect on you. Friday, October 10, 2014 at 3:45 AM
At her 12 month appointment with Dr. Chevalier, she was NOT happy. I hate it for her. She hates going to the doctor because of all the shots she has had to get because of ear infections. She is so smart. As soon as we walk in the door she holds me tighter and when they call "Hembree", she cries:( Olivia is my petite little girl. She weighed in at 18 pounds, 8 ounces and was 28.5 inches long. everyone talks with their hands, right?
With a groan and a twitch of my (somewhat bleary) eyes I reached over to turn my alarm off. Why is that infernal contraption going off? Surely it must be Saturday. Yesterday was Friday, so this must be the weekend? Yes, my internal musings were correct, it was indeed the weekend. But this was no ordinary weekend, this is Historic Scotland’s Free Weekend Pass ‘event’*. A weekend in which you can get free access to all of Historic Scotland’s numerous buildings and attractions, all for the measly price of giving them your email address. Now this seemed far too good an opportunity to miss. Since both Mel and I moved back to Edinburgh in July we’ve been talking about going to Edinburgh Castle, however, something has always got in the way. In the summer it’s packed with tourists and at £14 to get in it’s quite expensive (especially during a period of unemployment). Our appetites for our visit were moistened back in September when we got a sneak-peak ‘behind the scenes’ tour of the preparations for the Virgin Money Fireworks Concert at the end of the Festival, but then I (rather inconsiderately) got a job and the 12th Century fortress once again got put on hold. No matter where you are in Edinburgh you are never too far from a view of our most famous and recognisable monument. Perched upon an outlet of and extinct volcano – named, hugely imaginatively, Castle Rock – the castle sits aloft of the city, looking down on its inhabitants and to the hills or water (depending on which direction you look) beyond. It is (in a slightly stylised form) the symbol of Edinburgh, appearing on the city’s coat of arms amongst a whole raft of other emblems (including our rugby team’s logo and my old school’s coat of arms) and, of course, one of the UK’s most visited attractions. We decided to go just after opening time as we decided that this would, in all likelihood, save us from the majority of the visitors and allow us to spend a quiet hour or so there before doing a bit of Christmas shopping. Whilst we arrived roughly on time we got a bit carried away with our visit and didn’t end up leaving until just after one. A full set of the photos can be found here on Flickr. As with most people walking through that famous gatehouse we headed up the cobbled street that leads up to the Lower Ward. Being the history buffs that we clearly are (not) we headed straight for the Argyle Battlements, so that we could look out over the New Town and the northern side of the city. Having thoroughly studied the view (and been asked three times to have our photo taken by the Castle’s photographers – I’d like to think it’s because we’re so good looking and not because they can sell you them at the end) we proceeded down to some of the lower battlements – although not the lower one on the Western side as they were closed off – to look out at the New Town at a slightly different angle. Having admired how picturesque our city is and how big Inverleith Park is (see its post for more details) we went to have a look at the One O’Clock Gun exhibition, which details how in times of old the city observatory on Carlton Hill signalled the hour at which the gun went off. From here we headed west to the battlements over the national war museum and look out to Costorphine Hill. We almost got blown off for our troubles. The wind had been getting strong since I got up and by this point – exposed on the highest point in the town centre – it was pretty strong; in fact the Castle actually closed early, I later found out, due to the high winds. Once inside the museum, however, the only wind was the hot air coming from the video feature on our nation’s military background, which was clearly written by a propaganda ministry/for a nationalist party political broadcast. This aside, the museum was very well put together, charting all aspects of the armed forces from pre-Acts of the Union (those from Scotland and England officially creating the UK) right up to a phone card (and other artefacts) from Kosovo in the mid nineties. From one museum to another we next went to the regimental museum of the Royal Scots. This infantry regiment served in almost every campaign of the British army for just under 400 years. Their museum also contains their 148 battle honours, from Tangier in 1680 up to the first gulf war in 1991. I think this is one of the most interesting parts of the Castle, with its collection of stories and objects covering hundreds of years and thousands of souls; but also one of the saddest as it was all brought to an end with merging of all the Scottish regiments in 2006. I think the two walls of medals, only a tiny fraction of those that have been awarded, say it all. Standing at the heart of the Upper Ward in Royal Square is the National War Monument. Built in 1927 on the former sight of St Mary’s Church it now commemorates those who have died in the two world wars and later conflicts. The walls are lined with friezes to each Scottish regiment, marking in stone the conflicts they have fought in and with the names of those who perished in the first and the second world wars at the base. At either end of the monument are the two huge stained glass windows that make up the friezes for the navy and air force. At the heart of the building is the shrine that holds the casket containing Roll of Honour. I think that the building’s statues perfectly encapsulate its significance – Courage and Peace, Justice and Mercy, and most importantly a figure rising from a phoenix, representing the survival of the spirit. A thoroughly fitting and moving tribute. The other sides of Royal Square hold the Great Hall and the Royal Palace. The Palace is not the grand affair represented by its rival at the other end of the Royal Mile at Holyrood, but cramped and enclosed. There is, however, one room which is rather stunning, with a beautiful fireplace. The Palace also hold the Scottish Crown Jewels, however, having joined a slow procession around their (fairly poor and uninteresting) exhibition before it I’m afraid to say I was rather bored by the time we got to the jewels and perfectly happy to have a quick look before heading out into the buffeting winds again. Our final stop before leaving was the One O’Clock Gun. Originally used (in conjunction with the time ball on Carlton Hill) as a time signal for ships in the Firth of Forth and port of Leith the gun has been firing at 1pm six days a week (excluding Good Friday and Christmas Day) since June 1861, interrupted only during the world wars. As with (what seemed like) every other visitor to the Castle we decided to watch this spectacle before taking our leave. Stupid as it sounds – considering that the sound makes people jump down in the New Town and beyond – it was louder than I was expecting, and you can really feel the shock wave pass through you. With the exception of our fireworks tour I genuinely cannot remember the last time I went to Edinburgh Castle. I went with my parents many times when I was younger, but never at an age were it meant anything more than fighting, explosions and canons. I am glad that I’ve now been and can appreciate it, both for the huge depth of detail in the fantastically well-constructed displays and exhibitions, and for what and who it stands for. Like many countries Britain’s history is a fairly bloody one, but those who have fought for her beliefs, historically to the present day, are forever remembered here. As its tagline suggests Edinburgh Castle is the Defender of the Nation. *The M&S TV advert voice is optional, but recommended, for this sentence.
I started meal planning a couple of years ago to prevent the age old grocery store problem. You all know what I'm talking about...the "I spent $100 at the grocery store and have nothing to eat." I was guilty of buying one full meal, and the rest? Ghosts of meals that should have been. I was also working part time and just thought it would make my life easier, not having to think about what was going onto my table when I got home... annnnd it gave me less of an excuse to impulse buy McDonalds. It was around this time that I embraced the philosophy of...the two-fer; one meal that instantly lends itself to two. So...baking a chicken? Great, open a few cans the next day and you've got White Bean Chicken Chili. And it is -almost- like you cooked two days in a row...which in my house makes it somewhat excusable when there is Hamburger Helper in Dad's lunch pail the next day. Somewhat. It is borderline....very borderline. So, my twofer began its life as an herb roasted oven stuffer, collard greens, sweet potatoes, rice and home made rolls. The rolls were obliterated immediately, as were the greens and sweet potatoes the next day. I was left with clumpy rice (I am the -worst- rice cooker ever....it is painful, honestly.) and a huge chicken breast no one wanted any parts of. Typically it would be off to the culinary graveyard for both of these fallen foods, but not here. NOT ON MY WATCH...there was some re-purposing to be done. And so? I made Chicken and Dumplings with Rice Pudding for dessert. The Rice Pudding recipe follows, but the C and D recipe will be posted later this week. This recipe is a piece of cake, and amazingly customizable to suit your personal preferences. This time around I used 1% milk because that is what I had in the fridge, but typically I prefer to use whole or half and half to make a creamier pudding. In a saucepan mix one part rice to one part milk, and then sweeten to your liking. I work in tablespoons of sugar, and for this batch I got up to four. Make sure to temper the heaps of sugar with a sprinkle of salt, which will give the whole dish a bit more depth of flavor. When everything is mixed together, bring it to a boil, taking care to stir frequently to prevent the bottom from burning (and it -will- burn, trust me). Once it is boiling and bubbly, reduce the temperature and simmer until the pudding gets to a consistency you are comfortable with, keeping in mind that it will solidify even moreso in the refrigerator. Flavor it however it pleases you. I like a sprinkle of cinnamon, and this time I tossed a vanilla bean into the milk before it boiled. I have heard that some folks enjoy a sprinkle of cardamon....help yourself, I hate cardamon with a white...hot...passion. White hot. Eat hot or cold and refrigerate the leftovers.
By Stephen Dravis iBerkshires Staff WILLIAMSTOWN, Mass. — The spirit of co-operation that helped produce a 40-unit affordable housing complex in at least half the usual time was celebrated at Thursday’s dedication of Highland Woods. Elton Ogden, the president and CEO of developer Berkshire Housing Development Corp., said the efforts of community volunteers, state and local officials and non-profit and for-profit businesses helped his group meet an ambitious timeline that saw Highland Woods’ opening coincide earlier this year with the final closure of the former Spruces mobile home park. “Let’s think about how quickly we were able to get the approvals, get the property zoned, get it designed and get it funded,” Ogden said. “What is normally a very long, challenging process was just about cut in half or even less than that. “I really feel this is a prime example of what a group of people and organizations can do when they get behind a common purpose that they really believe in. I think it’s particularly noteworthy in this day and age when there is so much cynicism about our ability to work together as people. This is a great example that we really can do this and we can do it for things that are important to us.” The chairwoman of the Williamstown Board of Selectmen echoed Ogden’s comments. “This is an extraordinary example of everybody, the folks involved in this, attacking this problem with the notion of, ‘Let’s get to yes,’ ” Jane Patton said. “I love ‘yes.’ ‘Yes’ is my favorite word in the whole world. I love to say it, and I love to hear it. “And everybody involved in this process came to it with, ‘Let’s get to yes.’ ‘Yes, we can get the funds.’ ‘Yes, we can donate the land.’ ‘Yes, we can get help from the folks in Boston.’ ‘Yes, [Rep. Gailanne Cariddi] is going to help us.’ And when everybody is all about ‘yes’ … now we’re standing here in the middle of a whole bunch of ‘yes’ — so much positivity, so many good things. “Williamstown should be very proud. Everyone here should be very proud.” Many of the key people who helped make the Highland Woods vision a reality were at Thursday’s ceremony, where the project was dedicated with a stone marker recognizing “community support” and the “fondly remembered home and neighborhood” that was the Spruces. Speakers included Cariddi, Williams College President Adam Falk, MountainOne Financial President Robert Fraser, Kathy Quinn of Boston Capital Partners and Susan Puddester of the local non-profit Higher Ground. Falk said the college was thrilled to be able to be part of the town’s solution when Tropical Storm Irene devastated the Spruces five years ago. “It was clear that we at Williams were going to want to participate in making the situation better,” Falk said. “I am deeply grateful that we were given the opportunity to do something that was relatively simple compared to all of the other extraordinary work.” Ogden took time to thank as many of the partners as he could, from the college, which donated the land to Pittsfield-based Allegrone Construction, which “worked very, very long days and long weeks because they understood our need to get this open in time, and they did it,” he said. Two former public officials who were instrumental in obtaining the financing for the project also were recognized. Aaron Gornstein, the undersecretary for housing and community development in Gov. Deval Patrick’s administration, attended Thursday’s ceremony. Retired Williamstown Town Manager Peter Fohlin, who negotiated the federal Hazard Mitigation Grant that funded the Spruces’ closure and helped fund Highland Woods, did not attend. “I’m sorry he’s not here to receive the credit,” Ogden said of Fohlin. “He’s going to get credit whether he wants it or not.” Nearly $3 million in town money — mostly proceeds from the FEMA grant but also some Community Preservation Act funds — went toward Highland Woods. “It’s not an exaggeration to say this project never could happen without the support of the town,” Ogden said. “Williamstown has contributed $2.85 million. That doesn’t happen, especially in a small town like Williamstown.” Thursday’s ceremony was attended by several members of town boards and committees as well as town employees like Debra Turnbull, who managed the Spruces during the closure period, and Brian O’Grady, the director of the Council on Aging. Earlier Thursday morning, the board of directors of Higher Ground, the Williamstown non-profit formed in Irene’s wake whose name is echoed in the name of the 40-unit Highland Woods project, voted to dissolve the organization now that its last project has been completed. Ogden recalled Higher Ground’s efforts in the immediate aftermath of Irene to help Spruces residents find safe housing, its advocacy for the Highland Woods project and its grant of $125,000 to pay for furniture in the common areas at Highland Woods and landscape improvements. Ogden called Higher Ground the conscience of the project. “It’s been a long process, and it says so much about Williamstown that we, as a community, made this happen,” Higher Ground President Susan Puddester said. “Every individual who has been a part of making this a success should give your self a pat on the back. You are part of making Highland Woods a reality.” Click HERE t0 read the article on iBerkshires.com.
HGH & HCG Read full story Athletes begin to be interested in the use of steroids, as a rule, when they feel that they have reached their physiological limit or are close enough to it. The best reception schemes allow the athlete to gain muscle mass, and also to increase endurance and strength – in a complex, practically harm-free manner, and without post-course losses. Most side effects occur only because of significant overdoses of drugs, non-compliance with hygiene norms for injections, or when using fake and substandard drugs. Therefore, the online store of steroids Real-Pump pays great attention to ensure that its customers supply quality and certified products, saving time. HOW TO PLAN FOR TAKING STEROIDS HGH - Orientation to the power of steroids. As a rule, the stronger the effect of a steroid, the greater the risk of side effects. However, many risks of “side” can be prevented by taking additional medications, for example, antiestrogens, which can protect even the heaviest combined courses. - Orientation to ease of use. Most beginners believe that the most safe form of reception is oral. But, it is necessary to know that tableted steroids are more dangerous for the liver. Therefore, when composing a combined cycle, it is not necessary to include more than one oral drug. It is better to supplement the injection form. - Uniformity of reception of anabolics. It is advisable to crush large daily doses of the drug for several doses, especially for oral formulations that strongly affect the liver. It is better to avoid “hormonal explosions” in the courses, because it is guaranteed to stop you on the way to the result and force you not to improve the form, but to treat the results of side effects. - Moderation of dosages. It is erroneous immediately to pursue the stunning results. Two medium doses and duration of the course will give a more tangible result than one “HGH”. Moreover, you will be able to avoid side effects. And beginners are generally recommended to conduct steroid cycles with a single solo drug. Regardless of whether the schemes are used for mass gathering or for obtaining dry matter, it should be “backed up” with the right food and a full rest, not to mention a correctly drawn up training plan. As a sports nutrition is most often used protein or geyner. WHAT CAN WE OFFER YOU: In our store you can choose a course from several categories, the most interesting for different types of training athletes: - For the beginner; - The best courses; - The course of danabol; - The course of turinabol; - On mass (steroids for weight gain); - On drying (for drying, and highlighting the relief of the body); I must say that ordering ready-made courses is much easier than making a plan for taking steroids yourself . After all, not being a specialist, you are most likely somewhere, yes, you are mistaken, and this can lead to undesirable consequences. It is better to trust professionals and at an affordable price to get the best course of steroids for muscle mass gaining or obtaining a beautiful muscle relief. At us you will find ready-made tables of possible distribution of drugs on a steroid course. But, if necessary, the staff of our site will advise you on all the nuances of buying, using and post-course therapy of anabolic and androgenic steroids. We remind you that you can buy from us only effective, original and high-quality drugs. Including, having own positive experience of application. For those who want to buy drugs in complex – in a fold, or with a calculation for several stages, we are ready to provide substantial discounts on steroids . Also we guarantee to buyers convenient payment and controlled delivery (USA countries, etc.). Please! Showing all 9 results Eutropin LG 4IU (Human Growth Hormone – HGH) – LG Since$55.00 Add to cart Soma-Max (Human Growth Hormone HGH) – Maxtreme$34.00 Add to cart Gona-Max (HCG) – Maxtreme$39.00 Add to cart HCG 2000IU – Bharat serums$16.00 Add to cart HCG 5000IU – Bharat serums$24.00 Add to cart HGH 36IU (Human Growth Hormone) – Pfizer/El Lilly$220.00 Read more Insulin 100IU (Human Growth Hormone – HGH) – Torrent$27.00 Add to cart HMG 150IU (Humog 150) (Human Growth Hormone – HGH) – Bharat serums$49.00 Add to cart HCG 10000IU – Bharat serums$39.00 Add to cart
NCAA Rules And Regulations As a supporter of Winston Salem State University, you should be aware that there are many National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) rules and regulations that govern the institution's intercollegiate athletics program. These regulations govern your conduct as well as the conduct of student-athletes, coaches and administrators. The information contained in this site is provided to offer a general overview of key NCAA rules. If you have a need to inquire further, please direct your questions to the Division of Athletics' Compliance Office. Compliance Office Staff Associate Athletic Director for Compliance Dr. Dennis Felder Director of Compliance Services Winston-Salem State University Department of Athletics-Compliance Office 200 C.E. Gaines Gymnasium Winston Salem, NC 27110 Phone: (336) 750-2146 Fax: (336) 245-1418 NCAA Position on Gambling The NCAA opposes all forms of legal and illegal sports wagering. Sports wagering has the potential to undermine the integrity of sports contests and jeopardizes the welfare of student-athletes and the intercollegiate athletics community. Sports wagering demeans the competition and competitors alike by a message that is contrary to the purposes and meaning of "sport." Sports competition should be appreciated for the inherent benefits related to participation of student-athletes, coaches and institutions in fair contests, not the amount of money wagered on the outcome of the competition. For these reasons, the NCAA membership has adopted specific rules prohibiting athletics department staff members and student-athletes from engaging in gambling activities as they relate to intercollegiate or professional sporting events. Better Safe Than Sorry Compliance with NCAA regulations is of the highest priority for our athletic program and institution. We need your assistance in complying with NCAA rules. Don't put the University, a prospective student-athlete or an enrolled student-athlete at risk of a penalty or loss of eligibility. When you are faced with a situation and are unsure as how to respond, we strongly urge you to remeber that it's better safe than sorry and please "Ask Before You Act." NCAA Rules Regarding...
Vegetable masks and lotions are the best types of treatment for sensitive or damaged skin, because they are anti-inflammatory. Vegetables are also cooling and soothing and provide Vitamin A, which heals the skin. Vegetable masks are therefore perfect for Acne, eczema, sunburn, but can be used for cleansing and feeding the skin too. The most popular vegetables used for skin are cabbage, carrot, cucumber, lettuce, potato, parsley and watercress. The fresher the ingredients, the better. Organic is best! Vegetables can be added to many other ingredients to create masks and lotions, and are often incorporated into a clay mask. Cooked lettuce and cabbage are sometimes cooled, pureed and used as a mask. The water that they are cooked in can be applied as a lotion. Ingredients such as potato flour are often added to masks as a thickening agent. Avoid the use of metal bowls and mixing utensils as they might oxidise when they come into contact with your vegetable juices. Our favorite Vegetable recipes for the different skin types... Honey and Cucumber Milk (can only be stored for 6 hours in the refrigerator) Peel the cucumber and remove the seeds. Puree the flesh of the cucumber. Strain the pulp through muslin cloth. Stir in the honey and milk. Apply evenly to your clean face and neck. Leave on for at least 15 minutes, rinse off with filtered water Pat dry with clean towel. This recipes used on a regular basis will cleanse, feed, hydrate and reduce inflammation. Yogurt and carrot juice mask Mix all ingredients together. Apply to clean face and neck, leave on for at least 15 minutes. Rinse off with filtered water Pat dry with clean towel. This mask will feed, balance the skin’s PH, heal the skin, hydrate and prevent aging. Clay and Cucumber Cleansing Mask (can only be kept 8 hours in refrigerator) This mask will cleanse, reduce inflammation, tone. How to apply this mask (Can be kept for 6 hours in the refrigerator) Mix all ingredients. If too runny add more potato flour, if too thick add more carrot juice. Apply to clean face and neck, leave on for at least 15 minutes. Rinse off with filtered water Pat dry with clean towel. This mask will nourish, heal, prevent aging, balance the PH of skin. Other pages on remedies for skin in connection with this page on vegetable masks and lotions Do you have something to share about this?
If you deal with private data, automate how you access it with this handy tip. - By Adam Bertram Changes affecting Software Assurance benefits, App-V deployments, Exchange Online Unified Messaging and even Microsoft Office and Nano Server are appearing in random locations across Microsoft sites. Microsoft will prioritize and advocate for the use of PowerShell Core over previous versions, the company recently announced. Microsoft this week released its first preview build of Windows Server 2016 to its Windows Insider Program testers, kicking off Windows 10-like plans for the server product. Just recently, Microsoft has made it a lot easier to create new shares by avoiding cumbersome UI navigation and going straight through PowerShell. Microsoft this week has made available the Linux-based Canonical Ubuntu distro for download in the Windows Store. Quest this week has made live new cloud-based solutions for managing Azure Active Directory implementations and Office 365 applications. Microsoft announced a new Windows AutoPilot service this week that promises to ease the provisioning of new PCs for end users. A feature that had been in high demand, native local account management, is finally in PowerShell. - By Adam Bertram According to a recent IT-focused survey, Windows 10 migrations are picking up in organizations. During an Azure OpenDev online webinar this week, Microsoft and partners showed off some of the upcoming Azure tools aimed at IT. Combining the netch command in PowerShell will allow users to pull up useful information about local wireless networks. Microsoft this week has made Azure Active Directory service, integrated with Ping Identity's PingAccess, commercially available. Microsoft said that when Cumulative Update 6 (CU6) releases, an issue in Exchange Server 2016's Recoverable Items folder behavior will be fixed. Here is how to update the owner permissions on a file that cannot be accessed.
we are having an extended stretch of amazing autumn. and i am so incredibly grateful for this. today was blustery and breezy sending yellow leaves flying through the air. our house is now looking naked on its hill as we lose our cover. we went up the road a few miles to overnite in our new van last evening. i was reluctant to go too far from civilization until we get a feel for what kind of kinks our new friend might have. but, she ran like a champ and ive decided that cooking pancakes and sipping coffee inside is so very nice compared to crawling out of a tent, damp and chilly. we've had some significant action on the house this weekend as well. 3 viable lookers- two couples and a single all without children, and all seemingly very interested. my fingers and toes are crossed. driving to and from anchorage is getting old. happy monday everyone!
Less than an hour at work and my wekeend starts! Hopefully I can leave in 30 min, tops! In order to leave work on time, this will have to be short. That’s right, I’ve taken Friday off from work! I did it just so I could go see Breaking Dawn part 1 at midnight and not have to worry about waking up early for work the next day (same day, but that point). I’ve been waiting for this night for a year now. Ever since the 3rd movie was released. I am very much looking forward to the movie, but I’m also quite preoccupied with other stuff going on (new house + finances) at the moment that I’m not fully getting the excitement and build-up before the movie. Add hormones on top of stress and you’ve got a girl who is ready to cry at the drop of a hat. I have a feeling I’ll cry at home before heading out to the movie this evening. I hope a good cry makes me feel a bit better, but also doesn’t leave me with eyes that are too puffy. In other words, Mansi got ahold of Moose yesterday! I managed to find him in the hallway, face down. Darn cat!
We are Fibaro UK, famous for home and building automation system. We are looking for an individual talent who is expert in video editing. For more information about the tasks. Note: We need someone has superb English communication skills. 21 freelancere byder i gennemsnit ₱894/time for dette job Hello .. I am expert in Video editing and Animations as well. My English skills are also very Good.. Please let me know more details about your project.. regards Hammad Hi, I am an experienced editor and Apple Certified FCP X Trainer. In business for about 15 years. Done almost every kind of work. I would like to work with you.
Enjoy App-EXCLUSIVE Deals Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points Your shopping cart is empty. Please Sign in>> > Sma Cable Male $ Low to High $ High to Low RP-SMA Male to Female Antenna Aerial Extension Cable 3m Full Copper Core for Wireless Network Card / LAN Adapter / Router / Bridge / Desktop SMA - 09 Bluetooth Smartwatch with Remote Camera Heart Rate Monitor Calendar Calculator Voice Recorder Phonebook 9M RP - SMA Male to Female Cable for Antenna Extension SMA - R Dual Bluetooth Smart Watch Heart Rate Monitor Remote Camera Music Control SMA - BAND Dynamic Heart Rate Monitoring Smart Wristband 3M RG174 SMA Male to Female Antenna Extension Cable 5.8G 40CH FPV Transmitter 25mW / 200mW / 600mW Adjustable with RaceBand for ... 6cm Long MMCX to SMA Male Adapter with 1.5mm Cable 1M WiFi 2.4GHz Male to Female Cable for SMA Extension Cable
Welcome to this month's InKing Royalty Blog Hop! This month's hop is dedicated to showing our thankfulness. We are celebrating with thank you notes, cards that show our appreciation and projects of thanksgiving. We are excited to share our projects with you and hope they inspire you to create! After you read my post, I hope you'll hop over to the next person on the list at the base of this post. My card today is for Thanksgiving. I don't get to spend the holidays with some of my dear family because I live far away from my hometown. I send cards to let them know that I am thinking of them and are grateful for them. Here's a look at my card: - The card base is in Night of Navy. - The DSP is from the Petals & Paisleys Specialty Designer Series Paper Pack. I love the rich colors of this beautiful paper! - The piece of Fabulous Foil Designer Acetate adds to the card's elegance. - The sentiment is from the Suite Seasons Stamp Set. - To finish my card, I added a piece of Delightful Dijon Ribbon and a couple of Gold Enamel Shapes. Thank you for stopping by today. I hope you'll hop along to the next stop on the blog hop, Imogene Thomas at http://momomakes.com/. There's lots of inspiration to be found in this group - and you don't want to miss it! Thank you for hopping along with us. If you get stuck during the Blog Hop, please use this line-up as a guide: - Brian King at Stamp with Brian - Lory Robinson at The Robin's Nest Designs - Deb Cozzone at Grand Central Stamping - Shawn de Oliveira at ShawnStamps - Lynn Kolcun at Avery's Owlery - Jennifer Spiller at Westside Paper Creations - Karen Browning at StampWithMeKZB - Becky Volpp at InkBlossom with Becky - Robin Myren at Songbird Designs by Robin - Imogene Thomas at MomoMakes.com - Lisa Pretto at InkBig Academy Stamps
Anyone know of any work at home things I could do to earn little extra income. Please let me know(: Looks like Stefany got you covered! Good luck on your search, there are lots of options out there Networking locally has been the best way I've found to work from home. People I know or friends of friends are much more understanding of my need to stay home. Moms also like When is spit up reflux? Your favorite baby soap Teething baby: tips for soothing About Courtney Neville On Moms.com since: Apr 26, 2014 I'm Courtney, I have a wonderful husband and two Amazing boys!! Recent Courtney's Posts Need Help or have an Idea? Open mobile site Go to top Publications on Moms.com should not be taken as medical recommendations on managing pregnancy and treatment of children. Mom's advice cannot be substituted by a visit to your doctor. All contents copyright © Moms LLC. 2013-2017. All rights reserved
Join us for a fun-filled hour with your little sweet heart! The class is designed for a parent/child or grandparent/grandchild to experience together. You will have fun exploring partner yoga poses, playing yoga games and creating a valentine craft together. Hosted by the Apple Creek YMCA with proceeds going to the Annual Campaign / liveSTRONG Register onsite or online at Apple Creek YMCA, Appleton WI
NBA free agency is off and running, but there are still plenty of big names left on the board. One of those big names is O.J. Mayo. According to Marc J. Spears of Yahoo! Sports, Mayo is receiving interest from several teams. Free agent G OJ Mayo getting interest from Lakers, Chicago, Phoenix and Dallas and hopes to make decision in next 10 days, source tells Y!— Marc J. Spears (@SpearsNBAYahoo) July 14, 2012 Here are the three best destinations for his services. Los Angeles Lakers Playing in Los Angeles would give Mayo a great opportunity of winning an NBA championship. He would possibly push Los Angeles over the top (win a championship) especially with the newly acquired Steve Nash. However, Mayo would have to be willing to eat some shots with Kobe Bryant's need of the ball. Playing with Nash will help some, but there are so many weapons around, Mayo might be lost in the mix which may be something he's not interested with. If Mayo wants a ring, wants to play with a great point guard and wants to play in a larger city, Los Angeles would be a great destination. If Mayo wants to play alongside a superstar (Dirk Nowitzki) while being the top-dog in the backcourt, Dallas is his answer. Jason Kidd and Jason Terry are gone and the backcourt is decimated. Mayo will step in and be asked to score on a consistent basis to take the pressure off of Nowitzki. Would that interest Mayo? Or does he not want to play for a team that took a major step backwards this offseason? Time will tell. Mayo's best fit would be in Chicago. He would play alongside a superstar in Derrick Rose on a team that plays unbelievable defense and is constantly in the running to win a championship. Chicago needs an All-Star type of shooting guard and Mayo is just that. During his first two seasons in the league, Mayo averaged 18.5 and 17.5 points per game. He has since dropped down to 12.6 but he's still only 24 years old. Mayo could easily return to his All-Star form. If Mayo ended up in a Bulls uniform, Chicago would be my pick to win the Eastern Conference assuming Rose is healthy at the end of the season.
I made this recipe in late spring/early summer, and am just now getting it posted. Enjoy! Recipe From: Cooking Light Magazine Ingredients & Directions: Click link above. Warming Up: It's a salad - no warming up necessary, but store the pita pieces separate if you have leftovers so they don't get soggy. I used wheat pitas.
Imagine Trying to Sleep in a Scary Animal Shelter on a Cold Concrete Floor By Susan Rosenberg, Director of International Animal Programs “No animal should be abused, neglected or abandoned, spending its existence in fear, pain, and hunger but instead have the right to live a life filled with love and compassion.” These are the words of Operation Blankets of Love (OBOL) based in Southern California. Every month, OBOL donates food, treats, blankets, towels, pet beds, leashes, collars, harnesses, toys, pet clothes and other supplies to more than 1,000 homeless animals in shelters, rescue groups, pets of the homeless and wildlife sanctuaries. Studies show blankets and comfort items make shelter animals feel calm, safe, warm and comfortable. Potential adopters can picture them in their homes. These items improve the homeless animal’s quality of life, helping them become more outgoing and affectionate, leading to increased adoptability and reduced euthanasia. Last month I spent some time with Eileen and Brad of OBOL at an event. I happened to mention that a shelter in another area of California was in trouble. Their budget ran out, and so did their supplies. Without any hesitation, and without even mentioning their plan, OBOL showed up at that very shelter with a van full of much-needed supplies to not only help the animals but to save the shelter workers and volunteers. Shelter workers often spend their own money to make up for the shortcomings of a budget. Why? Because they care about and love the animals as much as we all do. We hear all too often about what’s wrong with the world; I’m happy to report some of what’s right, especially the animal world. Thank you, Eileen and Brad, for your tireless work for the animals and the people who care for them. To ensure even more shelter animals receive blankets and comfort items, click here. by susanrosenberg, July 18, 2017
What the ‘ell is wrong with America. Oh my apologies, I forgot America is. Republic … Just not a democratic one which is run by powerful interests that persuade Congress, President how high to Hump, oops sorry jump. The Wall St Journal posts an interesting article… U.S. Military Proposes Challenge to China Sea Claims Then this small matter, on armaments purchases … “In his bill set to pass this week to overhaul how the Pentagon buys weapons, the new chairman of the House Armed Services Committee relied heavily on those with most at stake: the nation’s arms makers.” Not the first time financial/pecuniary interests have written legislation… One bill that sailed through the House Financial Services Committee in 2013, over the objections of the US Treasury Department, was essentially Citigroup’s, according to e-mails reviewed by The New York Times. The bill would exempt broad swathes of trades from new regulation. In a sign of Wall Street’s resurgent influence in Washington, Citigroup’s recommendations were reflected in more than 70 lines of the House committee’s 85-line bill. Two crucial paragraphs, prepared by Citigroup in conjunction with other Wall Street banks, were copied nearly word for word. (Lawmakers changed two words to make them plural.) Bank lobbyists are not leaving it to lawmakers to draft legislation that softens financial regulations. Instead, the lobbyists are helping to write it themselves. Then you have ALEC. Hello ALEC…. “ALEC is a prime example of how Corporate America is able to buy even more power and clout in government. Rather than serve the public interest, ALEC champions the agenda of corporations which are willing to pay for access to legislators and the opportunity to write their very own legislation.” This is just scratching the surface of the land of the free. Money maketh money, money is the root cause of politicians envy and deceit in doing their job. They do not represent the people, that has long gone. I posted on a previous blog about Soros, Number 1 Carpetbagger // Carpet Baggers / Economic Hit Men a quote. “War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it.” Now we have the Pope recently proclaiming a similar statement in that “Many powerful people don’t want peace because they live off war,” (RT.com) He went on to say ….”This is serious. Some powerful people make their living with the production of arms and sell them to one country for them to use against another country,” the Pope was cited by AGI news agency as saying. “Peace must be built day by day and even if, one day in the future, we can say that there will finally be no more wars, then too peace will be built day by day because peace is not an industrial product, it is artisanal: it is built day by day through our mutual love, our closeness,” he said. Although I am atheist I am allowed to like this Pope, he even tried to wake up the strict bureaucracy and hard liners within the inner sanctum of the Church…. Tried and failed. . . Power at work within the Catholic Church which can override any ‘change’ that the Pope suggests. Any way I digress. In reality those people that have sway with the US politicians here are a few links to mull over. A lot of money involved…. Also the Corporations that are beneficially interested in war…
There are lots of vendors present who are handing out free samples, coupons, and most importantly, tickets. Because the Adventure Run is all about the tickets. It's a scavenger hunt style race, where you race between stations to get raffle tickets. At the end of the run, everyone meets up and they raffle off drinks, clothes, shoes, race entries, and all sorts of other goodies. I met up with some of my running group buddies. Which was good, because I had no clue what I was doing since it was my first time. One of my friends, on the other hand, was a seasoned pro. In an effort to win some more tickets, she entered a contest to consume 5 running gels the fastest. Aaaaaaand she won. So I will now be referring to this friend as Gel. Gel and I decided to run to the farthest location first, and work our way back towards the store. The farthest location? A brewery. Some people decided to just stay there for a drink. We headed out to get more tickets. As we stopped at stations we were encouraged to do pushups, burpees, and jumping jacks to earn extra tickets. And we did them. In the hour we had to do the race, Gel and I ran about 4.5 miles. And we amassed a bit of tickets. Gel had way more than I did, but I had a nice little stash. Despite our hard work and tickets, we didn't win anything during the raffles. Unless you count the protein bars that they threw out to the crowd.
AFTER our story last week about the deaths of Lisa Turner, her son Jack Wallace and Peta Cox in a horrendous crash between a tanker trailer and two cars I received three letters and/or email messages/comments from those complaining about the photograph selected for the front page. To be honest, I was surprised there were not more complaints. These were photographs that evoked an audible gasp from people when they saw them; so shocking was the level of destruction it prompted an immediate understanding of the event that had taken place. These were images you hoped were not seen by the families of those who lost their lives. But should they be published? In the hours after the crash, it was impossible to get a shot that captured its full scope; and so a decision was taken to fly over the scene. The resulting images left no one in any doubt about what had occurred; they told the full story, conveying the horror of a dreadful crash that brutally and suddenly took three people’s lives. It was for that reason we made the decision to publish and it is for that reason we carefully considered which image to use. The photographer, the night editor and I consulted, selecting a photograph for the front page that conveyed the full force of the crash but without showing more than was necessary. I know, and I understand why there are those who find it abhorrent the media would publish or broadcast any images that show a crash, an accident or a disaster. So too, do I understand the degrees of separation by which many of our audiences judge what is published or broadcast. The photograph of a fatal crash in the North East is far closer to home than an image of the dead in an overseas war far away and less likely to make it to the front page. The extent to which the media shows human tragedy is a subject for frequent discussion and I think they are discussions we should continue to have. Last month, the ABC’s Media Watch program explored the rise of social media in shifting the boundaries as to how the media showed images of the dead from Malaysian Airlines flight MH17, shot down over Ukraine. Melbourne’s Herald Sun had pixelated its main photograph of the MH17 crash site so bodies of dead passengers could not be seen. Many Australian newspapers chose to do the same or like The Border Mail, used a photograph of the crash scene that did not show any bodies, in line with our long-held policy. But The Australian and The New York Times both chose to use images with the bodies of the passengers in clear view; and the ABC showed footage, without identifying people, of the body of a child and a hand. The anger was immediate from those who believed it was outrageous victims could be seen in the photographs and footage and, given there were more than 30 Australians killed in the air crash. Then there was another photograph on Monday, again on the front of The Australian, showing an Australian boy holding the severed head of a soldier in Syria, another photograph that understandably drew howls of protest from readers. In neither case do I think what The Australian chose to do is necessarily wrong. Its editors made the assessment they had stronger reasons for showing both photographs than not publishing them. I would not have published those images. One reader of the MH17 coverage defended the decisions to publish as reflecting the need for the public to be shocked and outraged at those who would commit such violence. Again, there I disagree. In the case of MH17 I don’t believe the showing of bodies fosters any greater understanding of the horror of that incident than a photograph of the wreckage does, together with some of the descriptions offered by the journalists who were reporting at the scene.
When my Toq smart watch stopped accepting charge, and I was told I wasn’t eligible for a warrantee repair because I received it as a gift (seriously Qualcomm?) I figured I might as well try repairing it, or at least finding out what was inside. Initially, I removed the 4 screws from the back of the main watch body and carefully disassembled the innards: main board flex daughter boards, display / touch screen and inductive charge receiver. I was shocked to find no battery present, however there were flex PCBs running off into the band. I’d wondered about the strangely bulky clasp before and prying it open with a spurger, I found a battery inside. Unfortunately I was unable to find the exact cell / protection circuit for sale. So I sourced a lithium ion cell of similar capacity and form factor and soldered it into the flex circuit. However, the original battery had an NTC temperature sensor (not uncommon for cells far from their charge controllers) integrated into the protection circuit with a third wire going to the watch body and the battery would not charge without it. I guessed from common lithium ion standards that it was a 10k NTC to ground and soldered one in and it worked! With a little sculpting, I was able to make an unobtrusive replacement and restored my watch to its original functionality.
January begins a new year, a fresh start, and another chance. In fact, a new calendar year brings new hopes and dreams. As much as we try to downplay it, and as much as the enemy tries to steal it, on some level we all hope that this year will be better than last year. For those of us who don't feel this way, my prayer is that you will gain strength and resolve in the first series of 2017 called My Confidence is Coming Back. The reason that we are doing this series is because we don't want you to throw away your confidence. In fact, too often people throw away their confidence because it is tied to the wrong source. The world says our confidence has to do with ourselves, when the truth is that it has nothing to do with us and everything to do with Christ. We are confident because of what Christ has already done, what He has already won, and what He has promised to us in His Word. It is tied to God's promise for our lives, for this new year. We believe that 2017 can be the best year of your life. That your confidence can return as you hear the voice of God for your life. 2017 will only be better if you more clearly and more consistently hear God's voice. The voice of God builds confidence in our lives. It gives us assurance in spite of our fears and circumstances and no matter what we face this year, when we hear God we can walk in confidence. As part of our message series, we would like to invite and challenge you to a three-day fast from sunrise Monday, January 23 through sunset Wednesday, January 25. Start the year off right and discover the rewards of putting God first! Join Pastor Adam, the staff, elders, and many others in our congregation on January 23-25. When you sign up, our staff and elders want to send you email updates as a source of encouragement and partnership as we fast together. We look forward to hearing about what God is doing in your lives and in our community as we seek Him fully!
Some examples of computer programs: - A web browser like Mozilla Firefox and Apple Safari can be used to view web pages on the Internet. - An office suite can be used to write documents or spreadsheets. - Video games are computer programs. A computer program is stored as a file on the computer's hard drive. When the user runs the program, the file is read by the computer, and the processor reads the data in the file as a list of instructions. Then the computer does what the program tells it to do. A computer program is written by a programmer. It is very difficult to write in the ones and zeroes of machine code, which is what the computer can read, so computer programmers write in a programming language, such as BASIC, C, or Java. Once it is written, the programmer uses a compiler to turn it into a language that the computer can understand. There are also bad programs, called malware, written by people who want to do bad things to a computer. Some are spyware, trying to steal information from the computer. Some try to damage the data stored on the hard drive. Some others send users to web sites that offer to sell them things. Some are computer viruses or ransomware. Related pages[change | change source] Other websites[change | change source] - Computer program Citizendium
SAS still a leader in operational risk management – Chartis Research SAS® OpRisk Management lauded for comprehensive platform, extensible data management and analysis SAS remains a category leader in Chartis Research's Operational Risk Management Systems for Financial Services 2013 report . The leader in business analytics was recognized for "completeness of offering" and "market-share potential." According to Chartis, buyers need greater links between operational risk and other risk-related solutions such as GRC, financial crime and enterprise risk management. Per Chartis, successful operational risk software vendors that buttress technology with deep domain expertise from other risk solutions can become "'one-stop shops that can manage GRC and operational risk through a number of related components." Chartis sees financial institutions turning away from tactical operational risk and compliance, considering instead how operational risk management feeds the wider enterprise risk management (ERM) framework. Successful vendors, said the report, "invest in R&D, focusing on increasing the flexibility and user configurability of the products." Their product development emphasizes integrating components on a single technology platform. Among leading solutions, Chartis noted a trend toward integrating and packaging best-practice content (e.g., loss data, risk/control libraries and key risk indicators). "Financial institutions are adopting more sophisticated approaches to operational risk management and are looking for more flexible data collection, workflows and advanced analytics," said Peyman Mestchian, Managing Partner at Chartis. "SAS has continued to innovate in these areas and has a strong mix of qualitative and quantitative capabilities to meet regulatory requirements and beyond." Chartis praised SAS® OpRisk Management for covering "a range of enterprise risk management needs including credit risk, market risk, asset liability management, operational risk/GRC, liquidity risk and financial crime." The report highlighted SAS' extensible data model, which "covers the OpRisk and GRC domains and provides ready-to-use data elements (e.g., risks, controls) and ready-to-use field definitions for each data element (e.g., risk title, risk owner), which can be extended without constraints." Chartis called SAS OpRisk Global Data the largest database of publicly reported operational risk losses, and complimented SAS OpRisk Management for its "flexible self-assessment surveys and quantitative and qualitative self-assessment tools." Also noted were SAS' "extensive loss data collection, monitoring, and analysis capabilities" and "ready to-use library of key risk indicators (KRIs) with configurable owners, thresholds, and links to risks, controls, or policies." Chartis identified category leaders such as SAS as having "the necessary depth and breadth of functionality, technology and content, combined with the organizational characteristics to capture significant market share by volume and value." Leaders demonstrate best-in-class solutions with a clear strategy for sustainable, profitable growth paired with deep domain knowledge and extensive technology assets and capabilities. "SAS's ease of use, exceptional power and flexibility make it the right choice for both the more typically encountered business applications and situations where superior modeling strategies come into play," said Clark Abrahams, SAS Product Marketing Manager for Enterprise GRC. In January 2013, SAS Enterprise GRC appeared in the leaders' category of Chartis Research's GRC Solutions 2012 report . Read Chartis Research's Operational Risk Management Systems for Financial Services 2013 report . SAS is the leader in analytics. Through innovative analytics, business intelligence and data management software and services, SAS helps customers at more than 80,000 sites make better decisions faster. Since 1976, SAS has been giving customers around the world THE POWER TO KNOW®.
Thanks for sharing the knowledge base information accessing approach. Please keep up. Hope others will join in this efort to Educate energy Professional on applied knowledge information. [ which easily equates in successful…" Building Efficiency Resources is offering Energy Star v3 training online and in 2-hour sessions that are presented outside regular working hours. This approach saves travel expenses, preserves your work day, and allows you to absorb the material in manageable segments.The sessions will be repeated as indicated on the calendar at…See More In this group, members share an array of images from the field, showing the kinds of issues encountered by home performance professionals in real homes. Each tells a story of how hidden (but fixable) problems in homes can cause high energy bills. This group will focus on the issues associated with incorporating renewable energy sources like Solar PV, Solar Thermal, Geothermal, Small Wind, Small Hydro into the Residential Energy Efficiency and Sustainability business model. Program Director GoingEvergreen Bringing Business, Schools, colleges, and Community together to define, deploy, train, mentor High School and Tech Graduates to become Green Energy Technologist, Professional with…" MBA [ Green Business Economics, Finance ], CPPKG, CPMH Evangelist Green Lean,V-SIX SIGMA BI BPM PLCX Excellence Going Evergreen group Program Chair.[ goingevergreen.org ] firstname.lastname@example.org/ , email@example.com Empowering Enterprise & Individuals with GREEN BI VSOP SOLUTIONS.and Scalable Virtual Green LEAN, SIX SIGMA PLCX BI BPM Programs. PH: 408-274-6218, 408-396-5654, Skype: mashahs URL www.6SigVSOP.AirSet.com www.linkedin.com/in/mashahs
Next weekend (September 28-29) the KDE e.V. board is going to have an in-person board meeting in Berlin. As part of the board meeting we'll have food (geeks need to eat too) and since we like talking to other people besides ourselves we’d like to invite KDE people to come to the board dinner on Saturday at 19:00 (location still undecided). We can talk about all things KDE, KDE e.V., Free Software and maybe even have a good time ;-). Please let me know as soon as possible if you’re coming as space is limited.
Welcome to Dragon Cave! Dragon Cave is an online adoptables game. Collect eggs, raise them to adulthood, and then breed them to create interesting lineages. New types of dragons are added regularly! Kyanite Pygmies are a feisty breed, always full of energy. Playfully ebullient, these tiny and elusive dragons like to chase after one another, darting in and out of small alcoves and other such hiding places. They often dig small burrows underneath large trees and nibble on the roots for sustenance. They rely on the towering oaks’ formidable trunks and vast immensity to hide them from predators, something their small size aids in. Kyanites also secrete a weak toxin when threatened, which further protects them from intruders. However, this poison is not strong enough to affect larger creatures, humans included. Dragons are creatures with nearly unlimited life spans. They can survive for long periods of time, and no one has found a dragon that has died of old age. Adolescence is usually marked by the growth of a hatchling’s wings, although not all breeds of dragons grow wings and some breeds have other traits that indicate the beginning of maturation. Once they hit adolescence, hatchlings change quickly, maturing to their full forms in only 2 years. Dragons don’t communicate with each other verbally, but they will growl to scare off predators and frighten prey. Young dragons will emit an extremely high-pitched squeal when they are frightened. To communicate, they use telepathy with each other and to speak to other creatures.
Touratech Suspension Steering Damper, BMW R1200GS/ADV, 2014-on A great upgrade for the stock steering damper on the R1200GS water cooled, the Touratech Suspension damper features better damping characteristics and more adjustment range to fine-tune your handling. Turbulence from an oncoming semi-truck, an uneasy feeling from knobby tires on pavement, instability in sand or gravel; these are all problems that can be easily solved by adding a Touratech steering damper to your BMW R1200GS. While the R1200GS is an inherently stable motorcycle for touring, when pushed hard off-road, loaded up with luggage, or riding fast in the twisties, it can start to show signs of front-end instability. This feeling is increased even further when a knobby tire is mounted on the 19-inch front wheel. A steering damper effectively absorbs and dampens force transmitted from your front wheel to the handlebars, keeping the ride smoother and more stable. This can be any kind of force from the jolt of a big rock hit down to a slight shake or vibration from a side wind. You will immediately notice the difference the first time you ride behind a big truck on the freeway, or push the bike hard on a sandy road. The steering damper has 24 clicks of adjustment, so you can quickly dial-in your preferred damping level depending on the riding condition and terrain. Use a lighter setting for general road riding, and then increase the damping level as you transition to gravel roads, dirt roads, or sandy two-track riding. This kit from Touratech includes everything you need to install a steering damper on the front end of your R1200GS or Adventure. There is no need to buy separate dampers and mounting kits. This is designed and tuned specifically for your BMW R1200GS. The installation is a simple bolt-on process, and requires no removal of bearings, drilling, or modifying your motorcycle. Safe Shopping. Guaranteed. Your safe shopping experience is protected by EV SSL certificate technology with 256-bit RSA encryption. EZ RETURNS. No Restocking Fees. No Problem. We want you to be HAPPY. If your order is not everything you dreamed, we'll fix it. Whether it's the wrong size or just not what you wanted, you can return it for a refund. We'll never charge a restocking fee for items returned in new unaltered condition within 60 days. Just return the item and we'll issue a full refund to the original payment method.
When your Chevrolet Lumina APV was born, it was destined for a driver who values long-lasting quality in their automobile. Make no mistake, you bought your Lumina APV because you knew that you wanted performance and good looks both impeccably combined into one car, truck, or SUV. Your Chevrolet dealership isn't the only place to buy genuine or original equipment quality repair parts to fix your Lumina APV. It's not a regular occurrence that you discover you need a replacement Power Steering Line - Pressure for your car or truck. Never underestimate the importance of your power steering system and all of its parts. If you suspect your Chevrolet Lumina APV power steering pressure hose has developed a leak, start the car and turn the steering wheel a couple of times. If you see hydraulic fluid pouring out from under the driver's side of the car or front of the engine, then you've found the leak. Without a power steering pressure hose, it becomes very difficult to maneuver your vehicle... especially at low speeds. That's because the power steering pressure line on your Chevrolet Lumina APV is responsible for transporting pressurized hydraulic fluid from the power steering pump to the steering gear. From there, the rack and pinion use the pressure to convert the relatively easy motions you make when steering to very powerful forces that act upon the tie rods... all thanks to the power steering pressure hose. Don't let a broken Power Steering Line - Pressure spell the end of your car, truck, or SUV, and don't risk lowering its resale value by installing anything but the best replacement parts. When your Chevrolet needs a top quality replacement Power Steering Line - Pressure, there's no need to trust any store other than the authority, Car Parts Discount. At Car Parts Discount, we have live customer service members on the phone with enough expertise to help you buy the correct Chevrolet Lumina APV part for your needs. All the Chevrolet Lumina APV Power Steering Line - Pressure parts on this page will fit vehicles made in 1996, 1995, 1994, 1993, 1992, 1991, 1990. Choose your year below to refine your search.
West Region romped to victory in the SYFA Inter-Regional Trophy on Friday night with a 5-1 victory over Central that was nowhere near as one-sided or convincing as the scoreline suggests. Early goals from Reece Coyle and Callum Miller put the teams level at half-time, but Central fell apart for a short spell in the second half, allowing Craig Corbett and Kai McNaught to grab three goals between them and put West out of sight. A mix-up at the back compounded Central’s misery with Conor McBrearty walking into the net to round it off. The game started at a frenetic pace and it was 1-1 before either side had a chance to breathe. Instant pressure from West put Central on the back foot and won a free-kick on the edge of the box. Coyle’s effort looked to be going wide to the keeper’s right but it hit the last man in the wall and took a wicked deflection into the opposite corner. West barely had no time to enjoy the lead as Central forced a corner down the left, with Max Cassidy’s ball in headed home unchallenged by Miller. Some of the parents hadn’t even yet left the warmth of their cars to watch their boys play and there had already been two goals. Unfortunately for them, the rest of the half couldn’t match the excitement of the opening three minutes, with neither side retaining possession well. The game was a constant procession of misplaced passes, over-hit through balls, and niggly challenges stopping the flow of the match. Central twice almost put Jake Coulter through on goal with balls over the top, but on the first occasion he was forced wide and his cross went behind, and on the second he was denied by a brave stop from keeper Stephen Mooney at his feet. A rare neat bit of passing and moving from Dylan Whitten and Corbett slipped Rowan Gibson through one-on-one with the Central goalie but he lacked composure and drilled his shot wide. Central came closest of the lot near the end of the half when a free-kick curled in from the left was headed on by Jordan Hutchison and struck the far post, with Mooney eventually claiming the ball after a goal line scramble.
I'm a geek. I love math. So it is with great excitement that we approach March 14, aka National Pi Day. Pi, which we learned about in geometry, is the ratio of a circle’s circumference to its diameter. It is a beloved irrational and transcendental number, which continues infinitely without repetition or pattern. It is commonly truncated to the simple 3.14. Hence, National Pi Day on 3.14. Because our awesome Flashflight Light-Up Flying Discs are circular, and our equally saucy Meteorlight LED Light-Up Flying Balls are spherical, our super-smart product designer had to do all sorts of calculations using pi when designing them. Without pi, our products would not be as perfectly circular or spherical as they are, which would be just terrible. So we need to celebrate. To honor pi and National Pi Day, we are offering a limited-time discount on Flashflight.com's most popular circular and spherical objects. From now until March 15, enter the discount code "happypiday" at checkout, and viola, you will receive a $3.14 discount on each disc and ball in your cart.
Every now and then, IRREVERENT has the dubious distinction of being recognized for its general irreverence and overall humorousness. All this does, frankly, is encourage us and you guys should really knock it the hell off. Most recently, in fact today, I found out that we've been designated a smart ass by people who should know all about smartasses. Actually this information was sent to me by Tyrone, who has, apparently a lot of time on his hands since he severely cut back on his humorous writing duties for IRREVERENT. He has so much time that he prowls around websites, presumably at random, looking for IRREVERENT mentions. I'm certainly not going to criticize him for that. I'll criticize him instead for shirking his duties as humor producer in order to do that, but I digress. We were nominated in a conspicuously suspicious manner (thank you, Sara) and were voted in "6 to 1," which in and of itself is irritating. It's irritating because the top nominee, the Australian based Toxic Custard, a good site mind you, was voted in "11 to 0." So what's with our pathetic "6 to 1"? I feel slighted and ashamed. I need a hug. And a shower, obviously. Ho ho ho, I kid. I kid 'cause I love. The silver lining here, of course, is that those bastards at The Onion haven't accepted their award yet, so we beat them. Take THAT guys!
Base metals prices on the London Metal exchange this morning, Tuesday March 7, are for the most part weaker, with three-month prices down an average of 0.4%, led by a 0.8% fall in nickel prices to $10,985 per tonne. Copper is the only metal bucking the trend, it is up 0.2% at $5,868 per tonne. This morning’s general weakness follows a weaker performance on Monday when metals were down an average of 0.6%. Volume this morning has been average with 5,379 lots traded as of 06:22 GMT. Precious metals are for the most part little changed with palladium prices up 0.3%, while the rest are either side of unchanged with spot gold prices at $1,226.11 per oz. Precious metals were weaker on Monday with prices down an average of 1.1%. In Shanghai this morning, the base metals trading on the Shanghai Futures Exchange are down across the board with average losses of 1.2%, led by a 2.1% drop in lead prices, zinc prices are down 1.7%, aluminium prices are down 1.4% and copper prices are off 0.9% at 47,710 yuan per tonne. Spot copper prices in Changjiang are off 1% at 47,410-47,560 yuan per tonne and the LME/Shanghai copper arb ratio is at 8.14. In other metals in China, May iron ore prices on the Dalian Commodity Exchange are down 2.8%, on SHFE steel rebar prices are off 1.3%, gold prices are down 0.3% and silver prices are down 0.2%. In international markets, spot Brent crude prices are off 0.2% at $55.84 per barrel and the yield on the US 10-year treasuries is at 2.49%. Equities were weaker on Monday with the Euro Stoxx 50 closing down 0.5% and the Dow closing 0.2% lower. Asia for the most part is more upbeat, the Nikkei is down 0.2%, the Hang Seng is up 0.4%, the CSI 300 is up 0.1%, the ASX200 is up 0.3% and the Kospi is up 0.6%. As such, it seems the brief bout of nervousness seen in recent days has petered out – we wait to see if that starts to underpin the base metals prices. In FX, the dollar index is edging higher again after Friday’s dip, the index was recently quoted at 101.67, while the low on Monday was 101.22. The euro at 1.0584 is consolidating, as is the yen at 113.98, the sterling is weaker at 1.2224, while the Australian dollar is firmer at 0.7612. The yuan is trending lower again, it was recently quoted at 6.8967, the rupee and peso are stronger, while the other emerging market currencies are consolidating. The economic agenda is fairly busy today, Japan’s core CPI edged higher to 0.2%, later there is data on Germany factory orders, the French government budget balance, UK HPI, EU revised GDP, with US data including trade balance, IBD/TIPP economic optimism and consumer credit – see table below for more details. The base metals remain on a weaker footing, which we think was prompted by the lowering of China’s growth target, but underlying tails on Monday’s chart candlesticks did suggest bargain hunting and nickel managed to avoid the weakness in the previous day’s trade. However, while equities in Asia are buoyant, the improved sentiment has not flowed through to the base metals yet – we wait to see if it does as European trading gathers momentum. Support on copper is seen at $5,835 per tonne. Overall we expect dips to remain supported as underlying sentiment still seems to be bullish for the metals and it seems that although the market expects a US rate rise later next week, the fact the USA feels strong enough to raise rates is being seen as a positive sign. Gold prices are also weaker, prospects for a US rate rise are no doubt weighing on prices and further weakness cannot be ruled out in the run up to the US Federal Open Market Committee meeting next week, but as we have seen following the two previous rate rises, gold prices managed to rally in the aftermath of the rises. Silver and platinum prices are following gold’s lead and are weaker, while palladium is generally holding up well. Metal Bulletin publishes live futures reports throughout the day, covering major metals exchanges news and prices.
redletterdave writes "With barcode scanning being so commonplace, nothing seemed out of the ordinary when Thomas Langenbach, the vice president of SAP, was found scanning boxes upon boxes of Lego toys before purchasing them. Little did anyone know, the 47-year-old Silicon Valley executive was actually engaged in a giant scam. Langenbach would visit several Target stores and cover the store's barcodes with his own, so when he would bring the boxes up to the register, Langenbach would pay a heavily-discounted price. For example, this tag swapping allowed him to buy a Millennium Falcon box of Legos worth $279 for just $49. Once he bought the discounted Lego boxes, the SAP executive would take to eBay (under the name 'tomsbrickyard') and sell the items. Langenbach reportedly sold more than 2,000 items on eBay, raking in about $30,000. He was finally caught by Target security on May 8, and he was arraigned on Tuesday on four counts of burglary." DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's now on IFTTT. Check it out! Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test! ×
Because of speed and flexibility, aerial surveys can be employed to advantage over large areas, unoccupied areas of operational concern, and areas of difficult accessibility to ground troops. Aerial survey is preferable when conducting surveys of large areas. The advantages of aerial survey over ground survey are speed and flexibility of employment, lower radiation doses to survey party, and minimum requirements for equipment, personnel, and communications. However, the dose rate readings are not as accurate as those obtained by ground survey. Another disadvantage is that dose rates for specific points on the ground are not provided by aerial Simplified Aerial Survey. Battlefield conditions or the operational situation may preclude the preparation of the detailed radiological contamination overlay, and a simplified radiological contamination overlay may be needed to satisfy the A simplified aerial survey will normally be required to complete the overlay. The simplified aerial radiological survey is designed to provide the minimum area of militarily significant contamination, a few dose rates in the most heavily contaminated parts of the area, and dose rates at points of The simplified survey must be accomplished and the information provided to the control party as soon as possible after contamination is on the ground. The techniques of conducting simplified aerial surveys are the same as for (1) The simplified survey requires considerably less detail than the (2) The simplified survey may cover only those parts contaminated areas which are of immediate operational concern. (3) The control party preplans only the general area in which the simplified survey will be conducted. After arriving over the area, the survey party selects the check points, routes, and course legs. (4) A debriefing is held by the control party after this survey is
No surprise which side John and Ken are on. The KFI shock jocks have done their best to drum up anger over the lane reductions in Mar Vista and Playa del Rey, coming down squarely on the side of keeping our streets dangerous. Now they’re using the KFI website to support the misguided effort to recall Mike Bonin, one of the city’s best councilmembers. And one of the few with the guts to stand up to bullies like them. Although I have to wonder if the national iHeartRadio chain, which owns KFI, knows what their employees are up to? And what they’d think about using the company website for partisan political purposes? Then again, I also wonder if the people leading the recall effort are aware that anonymous political contributions totaling over $100 in a single calendar year are against the law. And that Los Angeles has a $700 limit on contributions to city council campaigns, which would undoubtedly apply to recall campaigns, as well. Making the nearly $25,000 pledged to the recall so far tainted, and questionable as to whether it can be used for political purposes in the City of Los Angeles. But then, that’s something for the city Ethics Commission to sort out. What is clear is that this recall attempt — and especially John and Ken’s involvement in it — have little to do with Bonin. It’s really about putting a stop to Vision Zero, and maintaining the deadly automotive hegemony on our streets at the expense of everyone else. And sending a message to the rest of the council that they could be next. Which should send a chill up the spine of anyone who cares about traffic safety. Or good government. Note: Just to be clear, the term “bullies” was in regard to John and Ken. I did not refer to anyone opposed to the road projects in Mar Vista and Playa del Rey bullies, nor did I intend to. Photo of Mike Bonin taken from CD11 website. A woman was shot in the upper thigh with a BB gun from a passing car while riding in La Verne on Wednesday. As the Claremont Cyclist commented, attacks like this should be classified as hate crimes. If not terrorist attacks. Update: A comment from Robs Muir indicates that this attack occurred near Benson and 7th Street in Upland, rather than La Verne. Thanks to Erik Griswold for the heads-up. It’s been a bad week in the war on bikes. And yesterday was the worst yet. A Sacramento bicyclist was shot with a stun gun by a teenager in a passing car. A Houston mountain biker was left bloodied and scarred when someone strung a line thorny vines like a clothesline across a popular bike trail. A Vermont man faces charges for running a bike rider off the road, then crashing his truck as he tried to flee, and running away from that crash. A British bicyclist suffered head injuries when he was kicked off his bike by a passing motorcyclist. Another British rider was apparently shot at from a passing car; fortunately, the bullet missed. Of course, it sometimes it goes the other way. Concord CA police are looking for a bike-raging bicyclist who shot a driver with a flare gun following an argument. Yes, a flare gun. David Drexler forwards security video, along with a wanted poster, of “crusty old men” stealing bicycles from a locked garage. Which serves as yet another reminder that locked garages and storage rooms aren’t as secure as they may seem; the isolation gave these thieves over 15 minutes to cut the locks and make off with the bicycles without anyone noticing. Store your bikes inside your home or apartment if you have the room; if not, lock them as securely as possible to an immovable object in a locked garage or storage room. LA Curbed offers a great interview with former LACBC Executive Director Tamika Butler about her efforts to expand the conversation about bicycling beyond just bikes during her time at the coalition. CiclaValley discovers just how hard it is to ride up the third steepest hill in the US. Seventy cyclists raised nearly $15,000 for the Agoura Hills chapter of the ALS Association at the inaugural Ride to Defeat ALS last month. Under proposed regulations to combat racial profiling, police in California would be required to collect data on every traffic stop they make, including bicyclists and pedestrians. As Laguna Beach debates the need for more parking, one councilmember suggests removing parking from PCH to widen sidewalks or install bike lanes. As the story notes, they can’t build enough parking spots to meet the demand from tourists and residents. So the obvious solution is to provide transportation alternatives to reduce the demand for parking. A 60-year old San Diego man was seriously injured when he lost control of his bicycle riding downhill and slid into a retaining wall. Lake Elsinore will begin work on adding sidewalks and bike lanes on some of the city’s older streets. The annual Tour de Big Bear rolls this Saturday with rides ranging from 25 to 100 miles. Now there’s a good cause. Three Texas women stop in Santa Barbara on a 1,700-mile ride down the Left Coast to raise funds to care for young sex trafficking survivors. A writer in San Luis Obispo complains that the bike lobby is forcing crazy ideas for a bicycle boulevard on unwilling residents — never mind that bike boulevards actually benefit the people who live on the street. And says Los Angeles had to “roll back many similar improvements” at great expense to the public. Um, no. LA is undoing a single road diet on Vista del Mar, which simply involves removing a little paint and restriping the roadway. And it’s not like we actually have bike boulevards to roll back. A hairy Santa Rosa mountain biker goes riding in Annadel State Park. Bicyclists are excited about plans to ban private cars from San Francisco’s iconic Market Street, but merchants are worried about the effect it will have on their businesses. It’s not unusual for a blind bicyclist to ride a tandem. But a blind cyclist is riding coast-to-coast on his own bike to raise awareness for people with vision impairments, guided by a riding companion via two-way radio. Oregon dedicates a new bicycle and pedestrian bridge connecting parks in the state capital. Streetsblog Denver reminds the local constabulary that ticketing a man in a wheelchair after he gets hit by a car is not Vision Zero. Colorado officials find a leg bone from a 70 million-year old duck-billed dinosaur while conducting a survey for a new bike trail. Austin TX is installing 12 bicycle traffic lights around the city to give bike riders a few seconds head start at intersections. New York plans to add more bike lanes to meet surging demand. NY Streetsblog says the NYPD continues to slander victims by incorrectly blaming them for causing crashes, inflicting needless pain on their families. An anti-bike Philadelphia columnist says put a referendum on the November ballot about bike lanes, and let the entire city vote on whether it wants them. Which won’t pass if people like this woman have anything to say about it. This is why you always carry ID when you ride. Canadian authorities are still trying to identify a woman who was killed in a crash on Tuesday. The Guardian asks if cyclists and autonomous cars can co-exist by 2035. Or ever. A British bike rider wants to thank the hit-and-run driver who left him lying on the side of the road, because doctors found a brain tumor as they were treating him for head wounds. A motorcyclist in the UK is being called a hero after he ditched his bike to avoid a head-on crash with a group of cyclists, leaving him paralyzed from the chest down. A crowdfunding campaign to buy him a new specialized wheelchair has raised nearly twice the original goal of £15,000, the equivalent of almost $20,000. Bicycling is booming in Israel, as the country encourages riding as an alternative to driving, though not everyone is happy about it. A Malaysian city moves to ban teenage bike riders from certain streets at night, in response to a crash earlier this year that killed eight young riders. No, don’t knock a bike rider off his bicycle and drag him by his dreadlocks, even if you think he’s a snitch. If you’re going to wrestle a bike from its owner, make sure it doesn’t have two flat tires first. And you could buy a new car for the price of some bikes. But then you’d have to drive it.
I rotate my newspaper reading where I can, and I was surprised to see that the Telegraph has one of the most inciteful explanations of how we have got to where we are on devolution. I have long thought that Scottish Labour is largely responsible for our current mess, with their facile alignment of any difficulties in Scotland with the Tories and implicitly the English. Unable to get off this track, their disastrous campaign this summer in the elections for the Scottish Parliament was largely based around how only Labour and not the SNP could properly protect Scotland against "London". This was particularly ludicrous, as well as being implicitly anti-English, because the Scottish Parliament is responsible for devolved matters and not for the reserved matters for which the UK government (and so, using Scottish Labour's and the SNP's lexicon, "London") is responsible. Scottish Labour have been trying to out-nationalist the nationalists, which is bound to fail. The headline to the Telegraph article somewhat misrepresents the article itself. The article suggests that Scotland having a semi-detached relationship with the UK under "devolution max" may be the end point - although perhaps Mr Brogan thinks that that cannot reasonably be described as a union. For my own part, as explained in this article, I cannot see how devo max would work without a complete rewriting of the UK constitution. It would make Nick Clegg's current playground hobby of rejigging the House of Lords largely redundant, since presumably the House of Lords would become some kind of federal or confederal chamber. I doubt the resolve of both the Labour and Conservative parties to see such an arrangement through, and indeed both parties seem incapable of even talking about it. We are likely instead to end up with some half-baked arrangement leading to independence in a generation. So the headline may end up being right. Which raises the question: When is the Labour party's navel gazing on this going to end, and they start saying something useful? At the end of the day, the future of the union (or otherwise) is in their hands.
Monday, April 6, 2009 The groom may feel like a prop compared to his lovely bride, but he (and his groomsmen) has still got to dress the part. And while brides have it easy because they know from the start that their wedding dress will cost a fortune and be impossible to find, it's not easy for the groom to navigate cummerbunds, bowties, ascots, morning coats and all the other foreign words associated with wedding attire for men. So let's get into it. What the groom and groomsmen wear to the wedding depends entirely on the occasion itself and what the bride wants the groom to wear. The good news is that the bride has been visualizing her wedding for a long time, be it an ultra-formal, ultra-traditional white tie event, a morning wedding or a beach wedding. Each of these types of weddings require different wedding wear for the groom and groomsmen. Our aim is to show you that not every wedding needs to be black tie, and that even if you're doing something very traditional, there's room for a bit of creativity within the bounds of that slightly itchy, chemically-treated, rental tuxedo you're contemplating. Of course, we begin with one the groom's duties: get his groomsmen suited up for the wedding. It's a vastly more important task than figuring out the differences between a long tie, bow tie or ascot. Why? Because it's the groom who will have to deal with "Paul", his groomsman, who's habitually late for events, forgetful, and likely to forget to bring his rented bow tie. Sound familiar? The groom will be able to ease some his bride's anxieties by learning a bit about the ins and outs of wedding attire. * How to get the groomsmen outfitted in tuxedos, painlessly * An intro to formal wear for the groom: o Tuxedo Jacket o Shoes (and socks) o What the hell is a cummerbund and do you need one? o Boutonnieres (aka the only flowers a groom needs to think about) * Morning coats * Wearing a suit instead of a tuxedo * Whether to buy or rent a tux * If you're buying a tux, whether to get it custom-made or off the rack tuxedo * Beach wedding attire (you lucky bastard!)
Reviews, reviews, reviews... FreakScore is a weighted average of all aggregated professional and user review scores. This product has a FreakScore of 8.9 out of 10 based on 114 scores. High quality sound powered by world's first “Carbon Nanotubes Best Price at Amazon
Quinn's Music opened on St. Patrick's Day in 1968 under the ownership of Don and Mary Quinn. After nine years of successful business Don unexpectedly passed away in 1977. Mary ran the business until the fall of 1979 when she hired MARC CONLEY as the manager. On May 1, 1982, she sold the business to him. It has been owned and operated by the Conley family since. Quinn's Music emphasizes a fun, relaxed family atmosphere that is customer and service oriented. Any music retailer out there can sell products at a good price, but if you don't get educated with today's music scene and technologies you can't make your high-tech equipment work for you at its maximum potential. Whether you are purchasing your first guitar, basic effects pedal or full P.A. system we take time to "fire it up" and instruct you, the consumer, on every aspect even over the phone. We have a nationwide toll free 800 number for customer support so give us a call and we can discuss specs, operation, problems or answer any questions you may have. Our number one concern is making sure you have the right product for the right application.
Monday, December 10, 2012 A Diminishing City After the drama and horror of a fire in closed-off High Street on Friday night, it felt like time to wander the city again. The building, still smouldering on Saturday morning, is thought to have been a target of arson and already machinery was making short work of dangerous debris. The rear view of High Street has always been dramatic since the earthquakes - even more so now. It seems a miracle to me that anything of it can be saved but I believe the facades at least, will be salvaged. "Buy Me, Don't Bowl Me"" This sign has been attached since I last photographed this High Street remnant. Looking like something out of the Wild West, this cute little building is the only one left in this section of High Street. It was once home to The National (contemporary jewellery gallery), which is now located in the Ng Gallery building a block away. This splodge of pink paint has been taunting me for months and I'd been meaning to photograph it much earlier. Just as well I wandered this way on Saturday because the whole complex is being demolished (see below) and by now, it may have vanished. Demolition in a back street.. There's no rest for the demolition teams now - many of them are working seven days a week and when you contemplate the fact that only 900 of the fated 1600 inner city buildings have so far been demolished, it makes you wonder how bereft our city will be by the completion of earthquake demolitions. A lone, tall soldier but yes, I do believe this building is also coming down. As with so many, it's more a question of 'when' rather than 'if.' For all the sadness attached to the demolition of inner city Christchurch, I still can't help being photographically inspired by the sparsity and stripped-down nature of the cityscape. Especially when Nature obliges with dramatic big skies A twist of iron, a tangle of reinforcing, a ruptured wall. And the unintentional 'works of art,' the temporary sculptural forms that stand defiantly against the skyline - at least until the next crane happens along. But for all the ruin, as this mural declares "You Can't Keep a Good Town Down" And all over the city there are industrious pockets of reconstruction gaining traction. And there are works of art Providing a bright punctuation point in an otherwise dreary sea of grey. I hope it's a continuing trend - that we'll end up with bright building walls all over the city. I think of them as visual memorials. Memorials to all that went before September 4, 2010.
dofus-games est désormais compatible avec l'extension FastNews.kiwi disponible pour votre navigateur. Avec cette extension, vérifiez s'il y a des nouveaux sujets sur ce forum en un clic depuis n'importe quelle page !Cliquez ici pour en savoir plus. 084f2db8c6 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. 416 pages. Isnt it easier to understand if is romanized as [sing], as [sim]? After all, was romanized as [meg-ju] not [maek-joo]. It explains about rules of pronounciation and pronounciation changes which is very important. Let's learn Korean! (Soft cover. I was looking for the translation throughout the book, thinking maybe theres an index of translation of conversation somewhere, but then I realized the translation is explained per sentence, one by one, buried between the grammar explanation. Oh, and it seems like they didnt adapt their lesson format to Korean language. But , , , , is pronounced gam, sa, haP, ni, da. Learn more about Korean grammar, culture, history, holidays, and even idioms. Of one person. For this purpose I use two books and I am really satisfied with both: Korean Made Easy for Beginnersand Korean Grammar in Use: Beginning to Early Intermediate, both published by Darakwon and both containing an audio CD. Theres even an article on Korea.net about him: Koreaphile makes learning Korean easy ( So! Its a book written for beginner level and thats why I dont think I would buy this book myself. really! It works really good when I learnt German, but a big no no in Korean -- anyway, thank you for sharing this I hope next year Ill speak Korean as fluently as natives ^^ Reply oegukeen says: November 26, 2012 at 4:41 pm Yeah, I always feel I am missing something if I only learn by hearing, or only by reading. Also, I found myself uncounciously cheating. I dont intend to be mean and please think of this post as merely a personal opinion. is intimate, which is why its misuse results in so many arguments and fights. To be honest, I too would like to know where to get Morning Glory stationery with cheaper shipping than EMS. Phrasebooks offer little or no grammar but are full of practial words and phrases. I used them in primary school when I was learning English. Follow Follow “Loving Korean Boyfriend in Korea” Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.
One of the many brands supported by the staff of Associated Hearing Professionals is Phonak, a Switzerland-based company that continues to lead the market in innovation. Phonak has been producing hearing aids since 1978. With each successive year, Phonak has added hearing aids to its portfolio that continue to outperform competitors in overall sound quality. Hearing Aid Styles Phonak offers an extensive collection of hearing aid styles to fit the lifestyle of any hearing aid user. Depending on your needs and hearing loss, there might be several options that work for you. Completely Invisible Lyric Currently the only extended-wear device on the market, Lyric is a completely in canal (CIC) hearing aid that naturally amplifies ambient sound and directs it to your ear canal. It can be worn 24/7 for several months at a time without the need to change batteries. In-the-Ear/ Intracanal (ITE) ITE hearing aids are placed completely inside the ear canal. Depending on the level of your hearing loss, these devices might be completely invisible to the naked eye. The hearing aid itself is standard, but the casing of each ITE is custom fitted to the wearer. Phonak’s Virto V falls into this category. It is small, compact, virtually invisible in the ear, and it adjusts to a range of listening situations to produce the best quality sound. Beyond-the-Ear – Naita V These are hearing aids that are clipped behind the ear, much like a pair of headphones. Although bulkier than ITE or Lyric hearing aids, BTE devices produce better sound quality and are easier to handle. Some BTE hearing aids, like the CROS-II, can be paired with other, more discreet hearing aids, in the case of individuals with uneven hearing loss. These devices combine components of ITE and BTE hearing aids. A portion of the hearing aid is worn outside of the ear while the receiver is placed inside the ear canal. These are the most common type of hearing aids sold today. Phonak also offers several weather-resistant and water-resistant aids, making them a great choice for those constantly on the move. Phonak’s RIC Audeo V provides one of the best sound quality experiences, a plus for individuals who enjoy concerts. The trained staff at Associated Hearing Professionals will work with you to determine the style that is right for you. In addition to great hearing aids, Phonak offers a wide variety of accessories that can be paired with their products such as the advanced bionics cochlear implant system. These accessories provide solutions to everyday problems hearing aid users face, from using a cell phone and receiving a call to listening to conversations, television, and music. Using the Phonak EasyCall, TvLink, or Roger EasyPen in conjunction with your hearing aid can help. The ComPilot I and ComPilot II Air are multi-purpose streamers that offer top quality stereo streaming from entertainment and communication platforms straight to your hearing aids. The battery allows you to stream for 24 hours, and the interaction is easy as the ComPilots follow spoken commands. Speak with one of the staff at Associated Hearing Professionals to see if one of these accessories is right for you.
Ask The Designer This week we are asking a question from: “How Do You Decorate a Tough Space?” “My Toughest Space was……. My ORC space was the toughest to date. The size of the room was only 64 sq ft and had NO windows/natural light. I solved those issues by being picky with the furnishings and choosing a comfy but super stylish sofa that was the correct size for the space. Instead of a coffee table I used 2 small side tables together with minimal bases to keep it feeling open. I used an acrylic bookshelf which gave me storage without feeling heavy. And an old ladder which I used as shelving, it had a small footprint but gave me style and a spot for my vintage books. I broke with traditional thought and went big and bold on the walls. With such a small space I wanted major impact and instead of going the tiny equals light color route I went black on the main wall with a rustic wood ceiling and blush pink on the other 3 walls. The black draws your eye up to the wood ceiling which makes it feel bigger! The blush pink goes beautifully with the black while keeping it fresh feeling. For light I went with an oversize chandelier that had 8 lights on a dimmer, this way it feels much brighter yet you can tone it down if you choose to. I’m very happy with how it all came together. It’s now a fun, interesting, beautiful and comfortable space.” Great question Tina!! I remember following your design in the Spring 2017 One Room Challenge, and your space turned out wonderful, it was one of my personal favorites. (Click here to link to Tina’s blog and the get the rest of the answers from our 16 expert bloggers, including me at #11) FOR MORE ANSWERS TO DESIGN QUESTIONS, DON’T FORGET TO VISIT THE REST OF MY FEATURED BLOGGING FRIENDS! Jessica Devlin Expert Bloggers Top Home Decorating Ideas Susanne Stewart Decorating on a Budget, 16 Design Bloggers Tell You How Sam Franklin Home Decor Style & Trends; Design Experts Favorites Denise Bryant Decorating With Thrift Store and Flea Market Finds Susan Kuc Small Home Design; 16 Bloggers Tell All Emy Flint How 16 Bloggers Use Color In Their Homes Jennifer Gainer Ask the Designer-What is Your Style? Christy Harper Grey Paint Colors – Top Bloggers Favorites Liz Elliott Design Bloggers Top Design Tips
Brachymetatarsia is a condition in which one of the bones in the front of the foot is significantly shorter than the others. Although it may affect any of the five metatarsals, it most commonly affects the fourth metatarsal. Looking at the foot, it might appear that the fourth toe itself is shorter than the adjacent toes. Sometimes it may even appear as if the fourth toe is raised up, with the third and fifth toes touching each other below it. The condition occurs when the affected metatarsal bone fails to develop fully, or its growth plate closes prematurely. It is easily diagnosed with an x-ray. Beyond concerns about the toe’s appearance, the shortened metatarsal may not contact the ground properly or carry its share of the person’s body weight, resulting in pain and discomfort. It may also change the appearance and contour of the ball of the foot, making shoe selection difficult.
Originally posted by Reverend J ShaftI just participated in a friend's podcast where they ask people a movie-themed question each time and I thought the one that I was asked was a good one for the Ws here. My answer was "I Wanna Be Like You" from The Jungle Book. The scene where it is sung is one of my favorites and I just love the jazzy, be-bop vibe of it. Louis Prima KILLS as King Louie in the Jungle Book - you have got to love "The Bear Necessities" from the same movie too. And "Kiss the Girl" was played as the backing track to a video of my wife & I at our Rehearsal Dinner so that has a special spot too. We'll be back right after order has been restored here in the Omni Center. That the universe was formed by a fortuitous concourse of atoms, I will no more believe than that the accidental jumbling of the alphabet would fall into a most ingenious treatise of philosophy - Swift Originally posted by ScottyflamingoGood lord, would you people please go see something that was made before 1990?? The correct answer is "When I See an Elephant Fly" from Dumbo... While I would not use the same tone as you (you did see that some of the choices came from Bambi and Jungle Book right?) , I agree with your choice. Love that song. Honorable mentions to Hakuna Matata and Bear Necessities. "Put on your helmets, we'll be reaching speeds of 3!" "It was nice of you to give that dead woman another chance." "All right, look alive everybody...oh sorry Susan."- MST3K: Space Mutiny Click Here (myspace.com) Dang, I don't know how I managed to mention "The Nutcracker Suite" from Fantasia and didn't mention the iconic "The Sorcerer's Apprentice". There is nothing about that scene that isn't epic and pitch-perfect. "Whoever you are, you stopped being relevant about five minutes after I apparently told you to run." --Shepard, Mass Effect 2 Fan of the Indianapolis Colts (Super Bowl XLI Champions), Indiana Pacers and Washington Nationals Certified RFMC Member-- Ask To See My Credentials! Co-Winner of Time's Person of the Year Award, 2006 Goldfinger is damned close for me, but my favorite's got to be Goldeneye. The combination of hot Russian chick, egomaniacal Russian hacker, Brosno-Bond, Sean Bean, Amke Janssen and "Yo Jimbo!" just make the movie immortal.
The Chiropodist will be in attendance in Borris in Ossory on Tuesday September 10. For appointment please contact Lily Sheeran at 0505-41308. Free Home Security Checks are being offered by Borris-in-Ossory Community Alert to anyone who has signed up to the Community Text Alert System. For details, or to make an appointment contact any member of the committee. BORRIS IN OSSORY ICA Borris-in-Ossory ICA Guild will resume after the Summer recess on this Wednesday night September 4. The meeting will commence at 8pm and new members are welcome. It is hoped to start a course of armchair Pilates for the members on Wednesday September 18. The annual Harvest Thanksgiving Service will take place in St Mark’s Church, Borris in Ossory on Sunday evening September 8 at 7pm. The guest preacher at the Service will be Rev. Tim Irvine, Vicar of Kilkenny. All are welcome to attend. After a great year in the garden now is the time to reflect on what has been done and what we would do different next year,[ or maybe do the same better]. This is the most important time to get information for next year and prepare the ground. The next meeting of the Gardening Group is on Thursday September 12 at 8pm in St. Canice’s Hall. This year has been very educational with garden visits and also guest speakers at some of our meetings so come along and enjoy your garden. Any tips to make the garden easier and more enjoyable are always welcome. Presentation Secondary School Thurles Reunion Committee organising a school reunion in conjunction with the Gathering for past pupils who left the school between 1942 and 2002 on Saturday, September 21. Tickets, which are €30 and are on sale now, must be purchased in advance of the day and will be sold on a first-come-first-served basis. Registration will begin in the secondary school at 2 p.m. on the day. For further details email firstname.lastname@example.org or they can phone (087) 7037861. There are forms available in Phelans Ballaghmore for anyone interested in joining the Text Alert System in the area. Please feel free to avail of this great service; it is in everyone’s interest to protect their family and their property as best they can. Successful Roscrea Beó As the fall of night silhouetted Roscrea Castle and surrounds on Sunday it became clear that RosCré Beo 2013 was a roaring success. The smiles on the faces of spectators over 4 days of a jam packed line-up said it all. It was fantastic to see the people of the town supporting each other, enjoying themselves and enhancing the sense of community. Starting on Thursday 22nd August with the ‘Echoes of Roscrea’ cd launch in The White House, guests were treated to select performances of songs from the cd. Our cd is available from local retailers. As the night moved on Brendan’s bar was packed to capacity for Tom Stapleton’s ’40 years of gigs & jigs’. Friday 23rd saw musical legend Sean Keane play an intimate gig in the Abbey Hall. On Saturday in the Coláiste Phobal Sports field the Cu Chulainn Hurling skills competiton got underway. Hurling enthusiasts were smiling. The young and old were tested on skills such as 65, poc fada, penalty taking and side line cuts. Sunday began with an early rise as committee members, participants, stewards and OPW staff busily prepared Roscrea Castle and Castle Street for a historic occasion. Visitors were treated to free guided tours of our truly unique castle and Damer House. I t is encouraging to see the level of support amongst the townspeople again. The committee wish to thank everyone person who attended. A huge thanks to our sponsors and An Garda Síochanca whose support was vital to RosCré continuing in a safe and friendly environment. We are meeting this week to discuss next year already.
About Alexandre Arrechea In 2003, Alexandre Arrechea left the artist collective Los Carpinteros to pursue creating his multimedia art under his own name. His earlier works explore common themes of surveillance in contemporary society, the loss of privacy, and sources of power, though more recent works deal with contemporary social and economic issues like the stock market and migrants in Latin America. His experiential installations like The Garden of Mistrust (2003-5) and Perpetual Free Entrance (2006) in particular deal with issues of accessibility and the qualities of public and private space. His practice includes installation, painting, and the use of what he considers are objects with “elements of truth”; this last category has included found remnants of places, like debris, fragments of walls, and measuring tape. Cuban, b. 1970
Emergency Services Flags And Banners The brave men and women in the Emergency Services are represented by a variety of flags. Gettysburg Flag Works is proud to offer Red Cross flags and Star of Life flags for display on department buildings and at first aid locations. Our durable printed nylon flags and banners will hold up well in the weather and act like a beacon for those in need. Stick flags are also an easy decoration for banquet tables, planters or even from carrying in a parade. Our emergency workers put it all on the line each day, just like the fire and police officers in our communities. Our 9/11 memorial flags help to honor those who ran towards that tragedy and others like it. To honor a newly passed EMS worker, we offer black and purple buntings and casket drapes to show mourning as well as pleated fans to display on Ambulances and buildings. Medical Personnel Grave Markers Mark the grave of your loved one or coworker with a metal grave marker displaying the crest of their profession. EMS, RN and MD grave markers are just a few of the many markers that we offer for display at the cemetery. Each marker has a bracket on the back to hold a stick flag of your choosing. - Holiday / Event - Flag Size - Awareness (1) - Motorcyclists (1) Top Information Pages Most Popular Places
The Hamptons real estate market hasn’t lost its summer heat. Last week, electronic dance music honcho Robert Sillerman closed on the sale of 1116 Meadow Lane in Southampton for $37.5 million. The deal marks the seventh Hamptons property to sell for over $30 million this year and the fourth since Labor Day. Now four other Hamptons properties are also in contract for over this price, The Post has learned. The numbers are notable considering last year only five big sales exceeded the $25 million mark Hamptons-wide. “This is highly unusual,” says property appraisal guru Jonathan Miller of this recent burst of super-luxury deals. “This is what you’d be expecting in the first half of the year, not in the fall. This represents a wake-up call.” Clearly the Hamptons selling season doesn’t end with arrival of autumn. Other recent East End deals include the $41 million sale of 576 Meadow Lane in Southampton, which closed late last month, along with the record-setting $147 million that hedge funder Barry Rosenstein paid for his 18-acre beachfront digs at 60 Further Lane in East Hampton, which closed in July. Corcoran Group broker Tim Davis had the listing for Sillerman’s beachfront home. “It was a very quick sale,” says Davis, adding that the spread entered contract within 45 days. “It was the right buyer at the right time at the right price.”
Leah Suárez is a vocalist in touch with all the facets of American music, especially jazz. She sings in three languages—English, Spanish, and Portuguese—and conveys truth and honesty in her music. A capella, in a small ensemble, or in front of a big band, she gets her message out by way of a rich, warm voice. Color her sound blue and green. Influences: Anita O’Day, Susannah McCorkle, Shirley Horn, Blossom Dearie, Astrud Gilberto, Ella Fitzgerald, Rene Marie CD: Found Freedom EP (2007) Live: November 24 for the Charleston Jazz Orchestra’s “Holiday Swing” at Charleston Music Hall & Monday nights at Mercato A local jazz icon for the past decade, percussionist Quentin Baxter has a style rooted in Gullah and flowing with nuanced punctuation and blues-based grooves. Whether playing at a local boîte with the Quentin Baxter Ensemble or The Gradual Lean or touring internationally with the likes of Rene Marie, his rhythms tap into the timeless tempos of the universe. Influences: Roy Haynes, Max Roach CD: Experiment in Truth (2007) with Rene Marie Live: November 24 for the Charleston Jazz Orchestra’s “Holiday Swing” at Charleston Music Hall & regularly at Charleston Grill When not working as director of Jazz Studies at the College of Charleston, saxophonist and composer Robert Lewis schools local audiences in his progressive form of jazz that is modern in interpretation and presentation. He’s also the lead alto saxophonist for the Charleston Jazz Orchestra. Influences: John Coltrane, Chris Potter, Joshua Redman CD: First Takes (2010) with Gerald Gregory & Ron Wiltrout Live: November 24 for the Charleston Jazz Orchestra’s “Holiday Swing” at Charleston Music Hall & most Saturdays at Mercato Ann Caldwell is the dean of Charleston jazz singers, having grown into that stature from her roots in spirituals, folk, and gospel. She lends her dynamic range and a sleek style of phrasing to regular jazz performances at Mercato and the monthly Jazz Factory at Gullah Cuisine. Influences: Nina Simone, Cassandra Wilson, Anita Baker, Nancy Wilson, Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan CD: Compositions (2008) Live: the first Wednesday of each month at Gullah Cuisine’s Jazz Factory, as well as Thursday & Friday nights at Mercato Pianist Gerald Gregory is flowering these days as he’s finding his individual sound, not a difficult task given his technical proficiency and deeply intuitive feel. The more he plays, the better he gets. Influences: Brad Meldhau, Thelonious Monk, Oscar Peterson CD: First Takes (2010) with Robert Lewis & Ron Wiltrout Live: regularly at Charleston Grill & Mercato Once described by the late pioneering guitarist Joe Beck as one of the best young players in the country, Lee Barbour is totally versatile in the jazz idiom. Using serious blues, country, and rock influences, his playing is adventurous, employing the full capabilities of his instrument, especially when he sears your soul with his touching effects. Influences: Bill Frisell, Nels Cline CD: Songs for Singing (2008) with Joe Beck Live: regularly at Pane e Vino & Charleston Grill Fluent in all the reed instruments, saxophonist Mark Sterbank is most accomplished on the tenor, playing with a breathy, dynamic feel that resonates on a lot of levels. There’s a sweetness to his sound that makes listening to him a joyful ride. Influences: John Coltrane, Ben Webster, Don Byas, Paul Gonsalves, Stan Getz CD: Hymns & Spirituals (2010) with Tommy Gill Live: November 24 for the Charleston Jazz Orchestra’s “Holiday Swing” at Charleston Music Hall; December 10-19 with “The Charleston Christmas Special” at Charleston Music Hall; & January 16 with the Mark Sterbank Jazz Group in “Hymns & Spirituals” at Lightsey Chapel Auditorium A founder of the New Music Collective (see page 72), drummer Ron Wiltrout is one of the most versatile jazz musicians in town. His approach is full-bodied with a minimum of notes. His accents are full of surprises, even quirky at times. Influences: Joey Baron, Bill Stewart, David King, Jim Black CD: First Takes (2010) with Gerald Gregory & Robert Lewis Live: regularly at Mercato Pianist Tommy Gill’s approach to his art is proof that blues is the mother of jazz. While he is completely comfortable in all styles of music, he has mastered the jazz piano genres, including stride, swing, and bop. He shines whether accompanying a singer, playing solo, melodically anchoring an ensemble, or being part of a rhythm section that drives a big band. Influences: Duke Ellington, James P. Johnson, Tommy Flanagan CD: Hymns & Spirituals (2010) with Mark Sterbank Live: November 24 for Charleston Jazz Orchestra’s “Holiday Swing” at Charleston Music Hall & regularly at Charleston Grill
Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree © 2011 Delia Latham Jo grabbed a handful of Dean's jacket and jerked him backward. "You're leaving? Just like that? Without explaining yourself?" She fisted both hands and planted them on her hips, only to lift one and dash away a hot tear that dared to escape. Dean sighed, but one corner of his firm, precisely curved lips quirked upward in that familiar, I'm-trying-not-to-laugh semi-grin that haunted her every time she closed her eyes. Right now she narrowed them in a threatening glare. "Well now, darlin', I don't rightly know what to do here. Am I stayin' or goin'?" Jo crossed her arms, partly reacting to the chill from the open door, and partly to keep from wrapping them around him. "You're staying, just long enough to tell me where you've been—and I hope you were busy, since you obviously didn't have time to make a phone call. Not one!" She sucked in a shaky breath and shut the door when Dean backed away from it. From the other room, Bing Crosby crooned, "I'll ...be home…for Christmas." "Argh!" Jo gave a tiny stomp of her foot, and Dean's quirky half-grin turned into a full-blown one. He hiked one brow, and Jo suddenly remembered how he'd always called that unattractive stomping habit of hers a "Jo Leigh mini fit." "Don't you dare say it!" She stomped the other one, no more able to keep it from happening than she was to prevent another tear from rolling down her cheek. Dean's cheeky grin disappeared in an instant, and now she remembered how he'd always hated to see her cry. Well, too bad, because sometime between leaving the department store and arriving here, she'd lost every ounce of self-control she ever possessed. "Aww, darlin', don't cry. Please don't cry!" Dean dropped his expensive leather jacket right down on the floor and stretched a tentative hand toward Jo. Was he going to try and kiss her? She stiffened, not knowing whether to hope he was or pray he wasn't. Because if he did, she wouldn't be able to stop him in her current state of spinelessness. But he simply caught the wayward tear on his thumb and brought it to his lips, where he proceeded to tease her senses by pressing an absolutely beautiful kiss onto it. "I never intended to make you cry, darlin'." "Well, you did!" Jo flounced across the room. Flounced. Like a silly teenage girl in a huff. "You did make me cry, Dean. Night after night after endless night." She dropped onto the sofa, pulled her feet up under her and covered them with an afghan. Dean indicated the cushion next to her. "May I?" "Suit yourself." She sniffled, hating herself for being so transparent. Dean lowered himself onto the empty space and turned to face her. His blue-gray eyes reflected all the love she had longed for during the agonizing months of the past year, and she didn't understand. She knew that look. She knew what it meant. But it didn't make sense. If he loved her, why had he abandoned her as he had? She drew a shuddering breath and set her jaw, trying to strengthen her own weakening resolve. "Talk." And he did. For half an hour, he talked. She learned how, on the morning of the day he left her, he had witnessed the assassination of a married couple by a man everyone in the city knew, but could not prove, to be a major crime lord. Dean explained how he'd thought the man might have caught a glimpse of him as he made his own escape, and about his panicked flight to the police department. He related how the FBI took the case right out of the hands of local law enforcement and whisked him off for hours of grueling interrogation. He paused then, and held out his hand. Jo placed hers into it, while tears streamed down her face and dripped off the tip of her chin. "They told me I had to go under the grid, Jo…not just to save my own life, but the lives of anyone who meant anything to me. Especially you. Because this guy wouldn't hesitate to use you as a tool to get to me—or simply kill you to send me a message." His voice thickened, and he cleared his throat. "If I had to say good-bye to you forever, that's what I'd do to keep him from finding you, Jo." "But he didn't know who you were, Dean. I don't get it." "There's always a chance that someone in the police force, or within the FBI, is dirty. Money talks, and there was no guarantee that someone wouldn't sell me out—if not for money, then to protect someone they loved." He shook his head. "It was the only way I could know you'd be safe, Jo. I had to get as far away from you as possible, as quickly as I could get there. They helped me…put me in Witness Protection, and gave me a new identity. A new job. A whole new life." He tugged on her hand, and Jo found herself melting into his embrace. "A lonely, awful new life with no Jo. Oh, darlin', I missed you! You can't imagine how many times I picked up the phone to call you, just to hear your voice…but I never did, because calls can be traced. I couldn't do anything that held even the slightest possibility of creating a trail back to you." Jo snuggled into his arms while harsh sobs wracked her body. Dean held her, gently rubbed her back, pushed the hair off her damp face, and kissed her forehead, her temples, the top of her head, while muttering comforting words into her ear. She sniffled and sniffed and worked on gaining her composure, and even managed a weak grin when the rest of the world broke in with a rousing blast of "Jingle Bell Rock" from her stereo. "Where on earth did you find this CD?" "Buried under all your other ones." Dean grinned. "One look at your apartment and I knew I had to get some Christmas spirit in here. Fastest way I know to do that is with music. But of course…" His cheeky grin nearly stopped her heart. "I couldn't stop there." Jo groaned, but couldn't prevent a tiny upward tilt of her lips. "I noticed. Happy-happy-joy-joy." to be continued..... Don't forget to check out the holiday extravaganza at http://www.pelicanbookgroup.com. Either a new book or special offer every day til Christmas.
With this replacement Site Gauge, you never have to be without a sight gauge while brewing! Designed for Polar Ware's 602BPSG 60 Quart Stainless Steel Brew Pot, it is made of impact resistant clear polycarbonate plastic with easy-to-read graduations, and is temperature rated to 285 degrees. Replacement Site Gauge for 60 Qt. Brew Pot Reviews |Average Customer Rating:| |(based on 0 reviews)|| | All charges are based on a quantity of 1. Click "Add to Cart" above to change quantities and make actual ship method selection.
Peter John Reynolds aged 43 has been sentenced after he attempted to meet a 14-year-old child for sex after sending explicit messages. He admitted the offence. It is believed Reynolds wanted sex with what he believed was a school girl sending her multiple explicit images if his private parts as he attempted to groom her online. Reynolds eventually arranged to meet her what he did not know was that he had been speaking to Dark Justice, He admitted he wanted to have sex with her instead he was talking to Dark Justice a pro-active two man group that aims to prevent child sexual grooming. Reynolds had arranged two meetings with the school girl however he failed to turn up, However Dark Justice had all the evidence they needed to prove the offence and handed their file over to detectives at Durham Constabulary because at the time Reynolds claimed he lived within the County Durham area, but it soon became apparent he lived within the North Yorkshire area and was arrested by North Yorkshire police and quizzed by Detectives. He was sentenced to nine months imprisonment, suspended for twenty-four months, with sex offenders registration for ten years. Reynolds, of North Yorkshire, now has to abide by a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for seven years which places various restrictions on his access to the internet & children.
Match to be played on Thursday 26th December 2013 at 17:30. Venue: Etihad Stadium, Manchester. Liverpool will be full of confidence when they take on Manchester City this Boxing Day. Brendan Rodgers’ team are right in the hunt for the Premier League title and are still basking in the glory of a brand new Luis Suarez contract, which ties the Uruguayan down to the club for several years. It will be one of the bigger tests that the younger players in Liverpool’s team have faced but they should be up for the challenge. Here’s the side Rodgers could select to face City. GK – Simon Mignolet The Belgian has been one of the most consistent new signings for the club this season. He seems to have good control and a good command over the back four in front of him, which allows Liverpool to play with some confidence. RB – Glen Johnson Johnson is doing his chances of getting the England right-back slot back a world of good. He’s extremely effective at both ends of the pitch and he’s playing with a lot of confidence. CB – Martin Skrtel Skrtel is the leader in the back four and someone who makes sure that the shape and position of the defence is never threatened. He lacks a little bit of pace but he’s a physical player, which will be important in this game. CB – Mamadou Sakho Sakho has settled into the back four alongside Skrtel well. He’s keeping Daniel Agger out of the team and looks to have adjusted to the pace and pressure of the Premier League well. LB – Jon Flanagan A lot of eyes are going to be on Flanagan in this match. It will be a real test for him up against a team that have several players who can control the ball well. However, he’s passed every test so far. RM – Raheem Sterling Sterling will inject a little pace into the midfield down the right. He’ll be a very important player if Liverpool get pinned back and have to counter attack in typical away fashion. DM – Lucas Lucas needs a big performance if Liverpool are going to win this game. He has two jobs to do; protect the defence and watch for the deep runners and be the leader in the midfield. CM – Joe Allen Allen has shown a solid ability in recent games to control the pace and flow of Liverpool’s midfield play. He’s very subtle in the way he tries to get the midfield playing slower or quicker football but he’s effective. AM – Jordan Henderson Henderson has been a stand out performer in recent weeks. He’s the midfielder who is getting up to support Luis Suarez but he’s also good enough to drop into a central and defensive midfield role if needed. LM – Philippe Coutinho The Brazilian will start on the left but he won’t always stay there. He’ll drift inside when Flanagan gets forward and he can also fill in at the top of midfield if Henderson gets caught out of position. ST – Luis Suarez Suarez’ form and ability doesn’t need to be talked about. He’s the big threat to the Manchester City defence and Liverpool need him to have a big game to get over the line in this match.
01-30-2013 11:29 PM 01-31-2013 8:48 AM Got my GS3 in early December and upgraded to JB 4.1 shortly after. Started having the same issue described by everyone here immediately. Last week had my SIM changed and that has not helped. The phone and text issues are both happening with me. Incoming calls may not even hit voicemail, I have been told that it sometimes sounds like a busy signal which is not good when one is expecting potentially important phone calls. I went to a newly opened Device Support Center here in Columbus, OH today and they told me immediately that there is an issue with ALL phones running 4G/LTE on the ATT network that run JB 4.1. She told me that there is a patch being worked on and apparently they have also found that JB 4.2 works with 4G/LTE just fine. She could not tell me when there is an expected fix. My question to Jamileh (apparently the ATT Community Manager) is, if ATT knows that JB 4.2 would fix this issue, why has that not been rolled out to us yet? I do not anger easily but if I am waiting on someone to contact me about a job interview or if a family member is in trouble for some reason I do not want to have to wonder whether or not my phone is going to work as I have paid for it (and am paying monthly) to. If JB 4.2 works please roll that out. I'm sorry you're having an issue with receiving calls on your phone. Unfortunately, I can't speculate on the release times of updates to Android or any other operating system. 01-31-2013 10:31 AM 01-31-2013 12:20 PM - edited 01-31-2013 12:20 PM I don't think this is stricly an Android or 4.1 issue. We have an iPhone 5 in our house and it had these issues too. Also, I'm running a custom 4.2 CyanogenMod Nightly on my S3 and I still had these issues. If anything, it would be the modem version, not strictly the android version. And like I said, we have an iPhone 5 that does the same thing. The solution for us was getting AT&T to give us a MicroCell which keeps the phone in 3G anyway. I don't mind this since I have WiFi in my house and I work from home. For people who are having this issue at their work place they'll have to keep the 3G only APN until AT&T fixes this problem which I don't think they can with the current infostructure of LTE. 02-01-2013 1:11 PM I have had this issue for well over a month. Been through too many steps to list, new sim card, two phones and many calls to AT&T, all failed. Yesterday after yet another failure, I called AT&T and spoke to a guy that got my hopes up. He said he knew exactly what the issue was and can fix it today. I don't know what all the terms he threw at me meant but he said my account was wrong. Said my routing numbers and "LRN" were mismatched. Also said I was on the wrong network and he moved me to cingular wireless. Another statement he made was that my "SOA updated with LRN to proper SPID". I hung up thinking I have finally got a fix only to have the phone fail again today! A few minutes ago, I used the work-around mentioned in this thread and followed the video to create a new APN and use 4G vs LTE. I sure hope this at least allows me to receive phone calls. I have elderly, ill parents and I need my phone AT&T! 02-01-2013 3:14 PM This is directed to the Community Manger Jamileh. Is ATT aware that there is a problem with calls not getting through? Are the engineers at ATT working on a solution? Are all support people at ATT now aware of this problem? Thank you in advance of your reply. 02-01-2013 3:57 PM I was able to finally speak to a tier 3 technical support rep who acknowledged to me that att was aware of this problem and was working on it. First rep on the phone who understood was I was saying although it sounded like they were in the first stages of calling people who are reporting it to collect information. Said that it had to do with a circuit switch fallback failure on the lte network . . just as a few assumed on this forum. No idea on an timeframe for a fix. The only temporary solution they had was creating a wap.cingular apn to disable lte. Said it was nationwide and it seemed to be getting worse in the past few weeks and would personally call me back in a week to follow up... Hopefully this brings some hope to some of you... 02-02-2013 6:38 AM 02-04-2013 10:36 AM My husband and I upgraded (or should I say downgraded lol) to the Samsung Galaxy S3 from the iPhone 4 in November 2012. Since the first day we got these phonewere have had issues with: not receiving calls, either goes to voicemail or busysignal, trying to make calls and it says call ended, not receiving text messages and voicemails for hours horrible signal. And battery life I have been fighting with att since I stupidly let the 14 day window pass and we had already gotten rid of our iphones. They kept saying wait for the JB update it will fix everything. That was a joke!! They actually made me feel stupid like I was doing something wrong with the phone and couldn't get it to work properly!! They haven't even given me the curtosey of swapping my phones out, they go thru the tech support steps and just cuz the phone takes a couple calls they say its fixed and they pat themselves on the back. Meanwhile we are still left with a piece of crap phone and myself like others use my phone for my business. Not to mention if something happens and my kids need to get ahold of me and they can't that is a big issue. Att should give the customers the option to upgrade to another phone if we can't wait til the so called fix. One person from case management actually told me to buy some go phones from Walmart until the issue was fixed!!! I'm so tired of these phones and the lack of consideration from att I am ready to just cancel and move on!! 02-04-2013 8:33 PM talked to at least 3 techs, no one knows whats going (chated with online tech support even linked this thread), all i got is useless advice saying i need to change the sim card, restart my phone, ect ect ect... and the issue is getting worse, half of my calls are getting through, i get texts in internvals, cant use the phone for work when it doesnt work hafl the time, i even missed a family emergency due to this issue. 02-04-2013 8:42 PM 02-05-2013 6:07 AM 02-05-2013 9:06 AM I fully agree, please remove the "solved" tag, no where near resolved and no answers.I had to put my phone back on LTE vs 4G because the phone went to constant SOS status all the time! 02-05-2013 9:32 AM - edited 02-05-2013 9:36 AM I understand and agree that this is not a true solution to the issue but since it contains steps that several people found helpful, it will remain an Accepted Solution for visibility's sake. Marking that post as an Accepted Solution does not mean that we are no longer working with Samsung on this issue. If you'll take a look at my post earlier in the thread, I stated that this is NOT an AT&T solution but since it has worked for some people, I wanted to make it visible. I will update jan_raghavan's post with an edit that more clearly convey's the message so we do not continue to have confusion. When there is more information available, I will update the thread and Accepted Solution accordingly. We are researching this but I have marked jan_raghavan's suggestion as an Accepted Solution for the time being because it's worked for a couple people. I have to note that this is NOT an AT&T solution and it will limit your capabilities on the device because you won't be on 4G but since it's helped a few of you, I want to make sure it's visible.
The 27th annual Sanctuary Cove International Boat Show, showcasing the best in boating, marine and lifestyle, catering to everyone from boaties on a budget to big dreamers, big spenders and families looking for a fun-filled day out. Attracting over 40,000 visitors every year, the Sanctuary Cove International Boat Show is one of the most anticipated events on the Asia-Pacific boat show calendar.Located at Sanctuary Cove, the world-class waterfront marine village on the Gold Coast. As always, the annual four-day event features a variety of on-water, pavilion and open-air displays, with over 500 boast from luxury cruisers, to power and sail multihulls, super yachts and trailerable craft as well as engines, electronics, marine materials and equipment. A stellar entertainment line-up and child-friendly activities will form part of the Show program, along with Women on Water activities, TV star-spotting, cooking presentations, roving entertainment and more. Channel 7 Creek to Coast – Cooking demonstrations with Sally Jenyns & Dean Miller. Channel 7 MKR – Cooking demonstrations with QLD’s won Rob & Dave. Paul Burt – Fishing tips by Channel 7’s weather, beach, boating & fishing expert. Sea World Research & Rescue – Tips & hints on how to protect & respect our marine life. Sea World 1 Tour – Take a tour onboard Sea World 1. Fireworks Display – End the day with a spectacular display of fireworks. For more information on what’s on visit the Sanctuary Cove International Boat Show website Whether you are flying into Brisbane or the Gold Coast, Surf City Transfers can offer you a reliable and professional Brisbane airport transfer or Gold Coast airport transfer directly to your accommodation or directly to Sanctuary Cove. We take the stress out of your airport transfer and you can either visit our Brisbane Airport or Gold Coast Airport pages or simply complete the “request a quote” form and our professional booking consultant will reply by email.
I live to travel, so I have to find a way. I don’t know how others manage, but here’s how I do it. Whenever I can, I set aside a travel fund. It’s never much, of course, and almost always, it’s completely wiped out after a single trip, so I have to rebuild it again and again from scratch. I put down my daily expenses – to the last centavo – as I’ve always done since I started globe-trotting, so I know where my scant earnings go. I also record all of my earnings. BUT ifever I earn something extra or make money out of ANYTHING that is outside my expected monthly earnings, I make myself believe I did NOT earn a surplus and squirrel it away in my Travel Fund. That means if I win an appliance or a gadget in a raffle and I sell it, the proceeds go straight to my travel fund. If I get an outside writing assignment or if I moonlight and earn extra, the cheque is NEVER cashed. It goes straight into my Travel Fund. Same way if I get per diem on official trips or allowances from sponsors. And whenever I travel, I don’t buy souvenirs. I can’t afford to pay the outrageous sum for excess luggage and I need to travel light anyway. So, I can never be counted on to buy things for friends or serve as courier for people while I’m on the road. I know the exact cash I need for each day and I stick to my budget. I transact with cash or debit cards. I never had a credit card. And I’m not interested in having one. Credit cards charge outrageous interest if you don’t manage to pay them in time and I don’t want to be trapped in debt spending. I never spend to eat out. As part of my daily coverage, I dine in five-star hotels and restaurants often enough. So, unless someone treats me to dinner, I’m happy with a P25-P35 meal (one cup of rice and one viand) at the corner store or tinned food and crackers or whatever I can buy from the grocery using Gift Cheques (GCs). I buy almost everything I need with GCs – from medicines to basic commodities, massage and trekking equipment. Unfortunately, I can’t use them to pay for utilities and transport. Hence, if I can, I telecommute to save on cost, time and effort. Way back, I used to buy at least one dress a week. Now, I don’t buy clothes anymore. I don give-away shirts and jackets instead. Sometimes, we even get give-away shoes and sandals. However, walking about with the “branding”, I have to be mindful not to sport the competitor’s shirts during presscons. I don’t watch movies (unless it’s sponsored). Same thing for concerts, musicals and other shows. I don’t have Cable TV. I don’t even have a TV at home. Whatever I wish to watch, I can download and watch from my PCs, laptops or tablets. And why bother with vicarious pleasures? All my adventures are LIVE, up close and personal, in destinations many can only dream of. I don’t have a post-paid plan for my phones. I use pre-paid so I can limit my spending. I own my run-down place so I don’t have to pay rent. I just hope my unit doesn’t crash down on me anytime soon. I don’t buy furniture. All that I need, I already have. I don’t bother about my looks anymore. There was a time I can’t be caught dead without make-up, but as soon as I discovered the pleasures of backpacking, I found it’s ultra-convenient to go au naturel. Now that’s another burden pared off my budget. I’m still addicted to books though. So, I’m a big fan of Booksale and second-hand bookshops with re-priced stocks (they can slash the price up to three times or more). If they don’t have the title, I download the book online or borrow from bookworm friends. I used to go to the gym but then I never paid for my gym sessions or my dance lessons. I’ve always had scholarships. Now, I don’t have time for them anymore. I don’t have a car and don’t plan to ever get one. The cost of parking space is equivalent to the cost of a condo unit – and the gas! I can always commute and use leg power. I don’t smoke, I don’t drink, I don’t do drugs and am not shopaholic. I don’t do gimmicks, too. I have more than enough events – from fashion shows to art exhibits, etc.to amuse me each day. Indeed, many of my trips –local and foreign- are sponsored because I cover transport and travel. However, I extend my trips at my personal expense to do what I really want. I do pay a price to travel where I please but I have no regrets. A friend of mine laments she can’t travel because she never had enough money. I think she just doesn’t want to travel badly enough and thinks it’s a waste of good money. You don’t need a million pesos to tour the world, if you can compromise with the board, lodging and transport (but more about that in my future posts). As for motivating myself, I don’t do dream boards, but I love to do lists. And somehow, when I write down the destination, I get to see it. Visualization helps a lot too and autosuggestion. I kept a map of Mongolia near my bed and soon enough, I was hunting with golden eagles in the Altai. I put a token from Paris on my desk and in no time, I was in the City of Lights. I kept a statuette of a breaching great white shark on top of my PC – and voila, I got my trip to South Africa to dive with great whites. And yes, I’ve serialized “Globe-trotting on a Shoestring” at the Manila Bulletin – for budgeting while trip-planning and on the road itself. I’m putting out the series here next.
Pervasive computing enables users to interact with information resources in their everyday lives. The development of computational technologies that can exist in ever smaller devices while simultaneously increasing processing power allows such devices to blend seamlessly into tangible environments. Intelligent Technologies and Techniques for Pervasive Computing provides an extensive discussion of such technologies, theories and practices in an attempt to shed light on current trends and issues in the adaption of pervasive systems. Within its pages, students and practitioners of computer science will find both recent developments and practical applications an overview of the field and how intelligent techniques can help to improve user experience in the distribution and consumption of pertinent, timely information. This book is part of the Advances in Computational Intelligence and Robotics series collection.
The City of Fernie bylaw officer, Ryan Borjemsky, has released the Bylaw Services Report, detailing the bylaw office’s activities from December to March. Dated April 22, the report was made available as an information item at the May 22 City Council meeting. The report said that during the winter months from December to February, “Bylaw Services focused their efforts on voluntary compliance,” in regards to the Snow and Ice Removal bylaw and the Traffic Bylaw. According to the report, this took precedent over other services. Overall, 91 warnings and 18 tickets were issued in relation to street and traffic bylaws, and 22 warnings issued with respect to snow and ice removal. In regards to other bylaw infractions, three warnings and 12 tickets were issued in regards to off-leash dogs on city property while four warnings were issued for “barking dog complaint”. Three warnings were issued for noise outside of permitted hours, three for the storage of derelict vehicles in a residential zone and two warnings issued in regards to graffiti. One dog was also impounded during the reporting period. According to the report, Bylaw Services responded to all complaints the office received in a “timely manner”, answering to more than 30 complaints. The report also says the Bylaw Services conducted special patrols in regards to numerous public concerns, including abandoned garbage, unsecured commercial dumpsters and rotting garbage on private property.
Thursday, 10 April 2014 News on News One can read a lot nowadays about the News industry and, after a long time, the tone is rather optimistic. There is a lot of investment in news from various sources including philanthropists trying to save historical icons - e.g. The Washington Post, earlier entrants who disrupted the industry - e.g. Buzzfeed, well-established online platforms like Yahoo! or Facebook who want to keep their members on the platform and surprisingly also, from venture capitalists. The type of investment is very diverse too. Online outlets discover the value that journalists used to bring to the table and they tend to hire more people. "Curation" is all the talk nowadays, at least on this corner of the business. There is also a fair bit of investment going the other direction, into tools that analyze data (cutting out - if possible - human intervention). Given the easy access to various data sources, the idea is that there is always a niche audience for small bits of analyses / insights. A recent FT article describes in more detail this trend, rightfully wondering about the business viability of the model. Clearly, the disruption is far from over but at least there seems to be some money available for broad experimentation.
The cars on display at the Bruce McLaren Trust “Technical Evening” spanned decades, and generations, of Kiwi Motorsport design. This is a CAD blog and while it’s unlikely CAD/CAM was used for the 1968 Can-Am car, the Formula SAE car is the result of extensive CAD design & simulation. Besides, I thought this might be of interest to my CAD readers and there is the faint hope it will unearth some information or material to help the cause. The McLaren Trust honours the memory and remarkable achievements of Bruce McLaren. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand in 1937 and died tragically whilst testing one of his cars at Goodwood circuit, England on June 1970. His story from the young school boy, with Perthes Disease strapped to a metal frame in a children’s home, to a world class international motor racing driver, engineer and designer is epic. McLaren cars competed & won in Formula 1, Le Mans, Indy and dominated Can-Am. His name is still used, by McLaren International, in Formula 1 motor racing today. Amazing to think that when Fernando Alonso & Lewis Hamilton step into their Formula 1 cars it’s the latest chapter of a history that can be traced back to a Kiwi schoolboy modifying his dads Austin Ulster to go racing. The McLaren M8A Can-Am car currently being restored by the Trust was on display. It was built for Denny Hulme but also driven by Bruce McLaren and Dan Gurney. It was rescued from being scrapped, literally buried, and is the only one of it’s type remaining. Ken Taylor-Reid and Peter Cave (Nuplex) talked about it’s body fabrication & fibreglass/composite technology. The body-work seen in the photos was recently completed and unveiled on the night. It has been fabricated from scratch using recovered components, drawings and photos as a guide. The front panels are currently in production. Duncan Fox then detailed the painstaking research and component fabrication which is bringing this car back to life. The most recent piece of the puzzle located is an original engine block, one of only six, found in Japan. The trust hope to acquire it, at a cost of us$6,000, and re-unite the block and chassis. It’s remarkable that the Trust has achieved, with much volunteer and supplier assistance, restoration to the tune of us$350,000 to this stage. It’s not finished yet and they will eagerly accept any financial or practical assistance to complete the car. It is owned by the Trust and will be used for demonstration and education, keeping the McLaren heritage alive. If any readers have McLaren parts (from any cars) tucked away in the garage or can help in any other way let me know! University of Auckland Formula SAE: Malcolm Graham, representing the team, gave a great presentation about the remarkable University of Auckland Formula SAE Team Car. Built & funded by UoA Engineering Students it has the appearance of a Formula One car that’s been severely shortened, to about 2m long. It has a 600cc Supercharged bike engine & carbon fibre monocoque chassis developed using Pro Engineer. I thought a nice touch was the use of their sponsors “V” alloy energy drink can as a heat-shield! It competes, using Bruce’s No 47, and recently set a record time in the Auckland Domain Hillclimb. It took prizes for first in efficiency (based on engine size), first in race class, and the outright win. Impressive considering the opposition included Ray William's 800hp 911 GT2 Porsche, the Bridgestone Porsche Champion, and a vast array of scratch built race cars, historic open wheelers and modified road cars. I recently read about the US FSAE competition on the “In the Machine” blog. Perhaps we should get the Kiwi car over there to compete, maybe repeat the McLaren Can-Am domination… - I forgot add a link for the Bruce McLaren Movie Website - www.thebrucemclarenmovie.com/. It was announced at the A1GP event in Taupo earlier this year and is currently in development. Filming is expected to start in 2008. - For more information on Perthes disease see: Perthes NZ - http://perthesnz.bravehost.com/ UPDATE 27–08–2007: Links updated for the brilliant revamped McLaren Trust website
Posted by Bob on May 23, 2003 In Reply to: Ick! posted by TheFallen on May 22, 2003 : : : : : : Hi! Can you please explain the origin and meaning of the word "lowbrow?" Thank you, Sax : : : : : HIGHBROW/LOWBROW - "Dr. Franz Joseph Gall (1758-1828), founder of the 'science' of phrenology, gave support to the old folk notion that people with big foreheads have more brains." The theory, later discredited, "led to the expression 'highbrow' for an intellectual, which is first recorded in 1875.New York Sun reporter Will Irvin popularized 'highbrow,' and its opposite 'lowbrow' in 1902, basing his creation on the wrongful notion that people with high foreheads have bigger brains and are more intelligent and intellectual than those with low foreheads. At first the term was complimentary, but 'highbrow' came to be at best a neutral word .Life magazine coined the term 'middlebrow' in the mid-1940s." From "Encyclopedia of Word and Phrase Origins" by Robert Hendrickson (Facts on File, New York, 1997). : : : : Calling some activity or entertainment or cultural event by one of these three terms is very chancy these days. There is no general agreement or clear dividing line to : : : : clarify where (for example) middlebrow begins and ends. Unless you are willing to stand your ground against verbal attack, it's best to avoid the classifications. (But hey, being reckless, I'll give you a quick self-test: was your favorite film of the past year Adaptation, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, or Jackass? They are high, middle, low.) : : : What if you went to see Adaptation but didn't really like it? : : I didn't see any of those three. I saw About Schmidt, though. What does that make me? What would it make me if I'd gone just for Kathy Bates's nude scene? : To answer the latter question, in need of some serious, intensive and long-term therapy, I'd say. You don't have to *like* highbrow stuff. Just appreciate how the cattle couldn't possible grasp ... oh, never mind. I will never again sit through a Wagner opera, regardless of where that puts my brow.
It is finally time for an official preview of Afrojack’s tantalized remix of the uber hit Gangnam Style by K-pop artist PSY, and after having listened to it multiple times over, I am honestly torn. In one hand I was expecting an actual remix, one that was based on the overly played anthem, as I was curious to see what Afrojack would do to rejuvenate the song, but instead we are greeted by this unrecognizable result. Afrojack’s remix’s only resemblance to the original is the fact that he forcibly inputs some vocal samples, other than that, it just sounds like an original piece. The instrumental of the track in and of itself is actually decent and very reminiscent of his past hits, but it is most definitely not what we were promised. So like I said, I am disappointed because we are not really given what we were anticipating but instead Afrojack delivered a trademarked original that sounds just like his past tracks, so should I really be complaining? Let us know what you think! UPDATE: Yes I should be complaining, we should expect more from producers than the simple rehashing of old synths, especially when given the opportunity to remix the first song to hit 1 billion views. Afrojack you can do better.
For today's card I am using a digital stamp from Conie Fong "Bella with Gift". I colored this cute bear blue, I think it is darker than expected, but cute! I entered this card on the Conie Fong Challenge for May 2016. I used the following Copics: B24, 26, 28, 29, 39 (Tagged color combo) R30, 32, 35 YR24, Y19, 13 YR000, 00, 02 Have fun coloring and try some combos out of your comfort zone!
At nearly three years old, Tucker the Miniature Pinscher/Chihuahua/Miniature Poodle mix doesn’t move the way a dog that young should — in fact, this albino runt of the litter can’t walk at all. A progressive disease keeps Tucker stationary, but it doesn’t keep him down. This happy pup is too busy loving life in Los Angeles with his human, Brittany Johnson. The first-time dog owner didn’t realize how sick Tucker was she adopted him, but she has no regrets about opening her heart to this funny-looking little dog. “He’s just totally filled my life with so much happiness and love. I never really understood that you can love an animal so much,” says Johnson, who adopted Tucker when he was 6 months old after seeing his photo on an adoption website. Looking back now, she suspects her dog may have been neglected in his early puppyhood. “The adoption agency brought him over, and they were like, ‘He can’t really walk, you have to teach him how to walk,’” Johnson remembers. Not having had a dog of her own before, she didn’t realize that a 6-month-old pup should already know how to walk, so Johnson began working to get Tucker up and about. After only a couple of days under her care, the pup was slowly walking on his own, but he was never able to jump, run, or even walk quickly. Tucker’s peculiar appearance and physical delays raised red flags for those close to Johnson. “A lot of friends and family members were kind of like, ‘Brittany, you adopted a sick dog,’ but I just didn’t really realize it,” she says. “Then I started taking him to a lot of vets, and a few of them suggested I put him down.” Euthanizing Tucker just wasn’t a choice for Johnson, who decided early on that she was going to do everything in her power to give Tucker the best life possible — no matter what was wrong with him. “That was the only option. I never saw anything else. I could never imagine not giving him that.” As Tucker’s health continued to decline, Johnson kept taking him to veterinarians, but it took awhile to find out what caused him to look and act the way he did. “In January of last year, I took him to a vet — a cardiologist — to check his heart out, and she was like, ‘I suspect he has MPS VI. I don’t know if you’ve heard of this dog named Walter, but he resembles that dog a lot.’” When Johnson looked up Walter at the cardiologist’s suggestion, she realized she had in fact heard of this dog before. Six months after she’d adopted Tucker, Johnson’s aunt had sent her a Facebook video of Walter, an inbred Min Pin who has a disorder known as Mucopolysaccharidosis VI (MPS VI). The tiny social media star instantly reminded Johnson of her own pup. “It was just his mannerisms, and the way he walked just exactly the same way as Tucker did.” Through Facebook, Johnson got in touch with Walter’s human and was soon networking with other people whose dogs suffer from MPS VI. “It’s a genetic developmental disease, and it’s unfortunately progressive,” explains Johnson, who has watched Tucker’s health deteriorate further since his diagnosis. “It affects everything in his body. Nothing has developed quite correctly. Unfortunately, it keeps progressing, and it’s not curable.” About three months after the cardiologist suspected MPS VI, Tucker went from being unsteady on his feet to not walking at all anymore. “His bones have since fused so they won’t straighten out,” says Johnson. “He can’t put any weight on his front legs. He does kind of like an army crawl — he crawls with his front legs and his back legs pushing.” Facing big vet bills, Johnson set up a GoFundMe page for Tucker, but the donations weren’t significant at first. Then, at the urging of some of her friends in the online MPS VI community, Johnson set up social media accounts for Tucker, and the GoFundMe page began attracting traffic. “Once I started him on Instagram and Facebook, it flourished,” says Johnson, who estimates she’s received between $8,000 and $10,000 in donations through the GoFundMe page and other forms of online fundraising. She says she’s very thankful for all the help and doesn’t know how she would have supported Tucker’s expensive medical care if not for the generosity of strangers. “I definitely can’t do it on my own, so it’s really amazing that he’s gotten so much support, with so many people donating to this dog they don’t even know.” Thanks to Johnson’s loving care and the outpouring of support from his social media friends, Tucker is doing as well as possible these days. With the exception of some issues with his heart, his condition has not significantly progressed over the last 12 months. “He’s so happy, his tail is always wagging,” says Johnson. The feisty pup certainly has a lot to be happy about these days. Tucker recently received a cart thanks to his Facebook friend Mango, who helps paralyzed pets access expensive carts that their pet parents can’t afford. While Tucker learns to use his wheels, Johnson plans to continue raising awareness about MPS VI by spreading one important message. “If people do breed Min Pins, I would highly encourage them to test for this gene, MPS VI. It’s not a very expensive test, but a lot of Min Pins are being bred with this gene and it causes dogs to live life with this progressive, awful disease.” The disease may be awful, but according to Johnson, living with Tucker is anything but. The first-time dog owner recommends anyone looking to adopt consider animals with special needs or physical challenges. “I think sometimes people are looking for that perfect dog, but honestly, Tucker is the perfect dog.” Read about more Monday Miracles: About the Author: Heather Marcoux is a freelance writer in Alberta, Canada. Her beloved Ghost Cat was once her only animal, but the addition of a second cat, Specter, and the dog duo of GhostBuster and Marshmallow make her fur family complete. Sixteen paws is definitely enough. Heather is also a wife, a bad cook, and a former TV journalist. Some of her friends have hidden her feed because of an excess of cat pictures. If you don’t mind cat pictures, you can follow her on Twitter; she also posts pet GIFs on Google+.
Private Beleza rests in a home fit for heroes This article was published in the Cape Argus on 17th July 2014 under the title “Private Beleza rests in a home fit for heroes” and is reprinted here with the kind permission of the Cape Argus By Jackie Loos Caption: The chaplain of the SANLC camp at Dannes, 13km south of Boulogne, March 1917 (© IWM (Q 4883). The recent reburial of the remains of Private Myengwa Beleza of the South African Native Labour Corps in a special sarcophagus at the Delville Wood Museum in France is to be welcomed. Private Beleza was one of a contingent of about 21 000 Africans who volunteered to serve in France to assist the faltering Allied war effort in 1916 and 1917. Thousands of black men had already seen service with the South African forces elsewhere in Africa – approximately 35 000 non-combatants in German South West Africa and 18 000 in German East Africa. The plan to send a labour corps to France was extremely controversial and General Botha would not have gained the go-ahead if South Africa – rather than the Imperial Government – had been required to foot the bill. Volunteers were recruited all over the country to serve one-year renewable contracts under South African officers. Their wages were £3 per month, rising to £6 for well-educated interpreters and chaplains. Four battalions totalling 8 000 men were despatched to France in 1916, where they served under British command. The South African Government wanted them to live in segregated compounds to prevent the possibility of fraternisation and the assimilation of dangerous new ideas, but this was sometimes impractical. They were not allowed to bear arms but worked as stevedores, quarrymen, road builders, and forestry workers, and they cheerfully loaded and unloaded ammunition, petrol and provisions, in difficult conditions. A total of 313 men died in France, mostly from lung diseases, and were buried in cemeteries near their camps. Private Beleza, son of Beleza of Tsolo, was one of the first to succumb. He died of pneumonia in No. 2 General Hospital on 27 November 1916 and was buried in the communal cemetery at Bleville, a village about 3km north of the port city of Le Havre. Beleza was the only black South African buried there. The main SANLC memorial is 110 km away in the Arques-la-Bataille British Cemetery near Dieppe, where 260 members of the Corps are buried, including Lance Corporal Frank Mfana, son of Xinish of Queenstown, who died of heart disease in April 1917. Like other cemeteries cared for by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, it is immaculate. The remains of Private Beleza were transported 225 km to Longueval for the recent ceremony. This is the site of the CWGC cemetery near Delville Wood, scene of one of the bloodiest battles of an unspeakably bloody war. So many South African soldiers died there that the SA government purchased a piece of French land in 1920 and erected a memorial and museum which have since been adapted to commemorate South Africans who fell in other external wars. The site is presently managed by the SA Department of Public Works. Private Beleza’s new grave symbolically represents all the members of the South African Native Labour Corps who died during World War One and are buried elsewhere.
"Why did you choose this product?" I bought this rug in several sizes a few years ago, and they are beautiful and still look new. I just recently replaced them to redecorate and remodel, but I would definitely buy this brand again!... This user earned $2.00 Club O Rewards for writing this review.Learn More ITEM#: 12419186The Amalfi Paradise Area Rug is a stylish, transitional rug made ina durable and easy to clean heat-set Olefin. Made in a brick, blackor brown background with beige and ivory accents. - Construction Method: Machine Made - Primary materials: Olefin - Style: Transitional - Primary colors: Red, black, brown - Secondary color: Beige - Pattern: Floral Tip:We recommend the use of a non-skid pad to keep the rug in place on smoothsurfaces. All rug sizes are approximate. Due to the difference of monitorcolors, some rug colors may vary slightly. Overstock.com tries torepresent all rug colors accurately. Please refer to the text abovefor a description of the colors shown in the photo. Tip: We recommend the use of a non-skid pad to keep the rug in place on smooth surfaces. All rug sizes are approximate. Due to the difference of monitor colors, some rug colors may vary slightly. We try to represent all rug colors accurately. Please refer to the text above for a description of the colors shown in the photo. |Style||Casual, Contemporary, Transitional| |Material||Olefin, Polypropylene, Synthetic| |Pattern||Abstract, Floral, Geometric| |Color||Black, Brown, Ivory, Red, Rust| |Dimensions||5 ft. 5 in. x 7 ft. 7 in.| |Country of Origin||Italy| Admire Home Living Amalfi Paradise Area Rug (5'3 Round) - 5'3 Today: $102.99 - $109.99 Admire Home Living Amalfi Black/ Beige Damask Area Rug (3'3 x 4'11) - 3'3 x 4'11 Admire Home Living Amalfi Paradise Floral Print Area Rug (7'9 x 11') - 7'9 x 11' Admire Home Living Amalfi Paradise Area Rug (9'10 x 12'10) - 9'10 x 12'10 Admire Home Living Amalfi Paradise Area Rug (3'3 x 4'11) - 3'3 x 4'11 Today: $59.99 - $66.49 Admire Home Living Amalfi Black/ Beige Damask Area Rug (5'3 Round) - 5'3 x 5'3 Hand-Tufted Patchway Wool Rug (2'6 x 8') Sale: $101.57 - $134.29 Admire Home Living Amalfi Paradise Area Rug Runner (2'2 x 7'7) I bought this rug in several sizes a few years ago, and they are beautiful and still look new. I just recently replaced them to redecorate and remodel, but I would definitely buy this brand again!Read More We've had the black and white several months now, it's as nice as the first day. Lays well, vacuums easily and is holding up to regular use wear and tear of two dogs and four humans.Read More This rug is super comfortable to walk on, but the pictures are deceiving. The colours look really vibrant in the photo, but it's actually very plain and dull looking. There is also strange discolouration on the lighter parts, I thought it was just fuzz so I vaccumed prior to use, but they remain. Not sure if I'm too thrilled with spending so much or something that looks pretty ordinary. It's also a lot thinner than it looks, nonetheless, it is soft and that's its only saving grace.Read More Purchased the brick red... It was rust and did not have the beautiful colors as pictured! Then purchased the brown and gold... Was not gold at all ...it was taupe.Read More very vibrant and soft...perfect under the coffee table! I got the black and cream one!Read More I ordered the Brick in a runner and 5 x7 size. It's true...the color is a warm red closer to a spice not quite coral but that can be left up to interpretation. My accent wall is RedPepper by Behr and it isn't a match but on the floor the rug color passes well enough. Quality is nice for an inexpensive rug...use a pad underneath. Pattern is vivid but I felt it was better on the IPad.Read More Well, this is my third area rug from overstock.com that doesn't lay flat on the floor. I've had this rug for three weeks and it has a series of folds across one half of the rug. It's not my floor because i've changed residences and my current abode has it sitting on top of a thin indoor/outdoor carpet overlaying a concrete pad. The folds in the other two rugs got so bad that I couldn't vacuum them and eventually I threw them out. I guess you get what you pay for.Read More Bought this for my son. He sent me pictures and it looks great in his apartment in front of his sofa.Read More Love it very good rug love the way it looks in the living roomRead More Love the transitional colors. Easy to clean. I use it under the dining room table. Only wish I'd gotten the larger one!Read More Questions & Answers Shopping Tips & Inspiration How to Protect Wood Floors with Area Rugs The easiest way to protect wood floors from scratches and other damage is to decorate them with an area rug. Area rugs provide a protective barrier against furniture legs, foot traffic, and pets while adding style to any floor in the house. Living Room Ideas Get inspired by the hottest trends in living room furniture and decor. Shop our huge selection of living room furniture and decor at Overstock.com. The Complete Rug Buying Guide When furnishing your home, a rug can really bring your whole look together, no matter what your design. We'll help you find an area rug that’s right for you. Coastal Furniture and Decor Ideas Find Coastal decorating ideas for your home. Shop our huge selection of Coastal furniture and decor at Overstock.com. Boho Chic Furniture and Decor Ideas Find Boho Chic decorating ideas for your home. Shop our huge selection of Boho Chic furniture and decor at Overstock.com. Industrial Furniture and Decor Ideas Find industrial decorating ideas for your home. Shop our huge selection of industrial furniture and decor at Overstock.com. Area Rug Styles to Try in Your Home Try these area rug styles to give your home a new look with everything from bohemian rugs, geometric rugs, or natural rugs. Shop and save money on the best area rugs at Overstock.com Shabby Chic Furniture and Decor Ideas Find shabby chic decorating ideas for your home. Shop our huge selection of shabby chic furniture and decor at Overstock.com. Mid-Century Modern Furniture and Decor Ideas Shop our huge selection and save on mid-century modern furniture and decor. Find mid-century modern decorating ideas for your home at Overstock.com. Updated Americana Style Trade in your visons of rustic antiques, patchwork quilts, and star spangled accents for a new, updated Americana decor. We've reimagined this classic look with fresh furniture, a muted color scheme, and industrial accents to create a look that strikes right at the heart of American decor. 2015 Lighting Trends to love If you want to refresh your home this spring, new pendants and lamps help create a chic, brightening effect. Dipped in Gold The glitter and glamour of gold is catching the eye as a 2015 home decor trend. Shipping & Returns Usually leaves our warehouse in 1-2 business days. * Our standard shipping method is ground shipping. We also offer expedited shipping for most items. Your final shipping cost and estimated delivery timeframe will be available at checkout. Standard shipping details Expedited shipping details Standard Return Policy: Items must be returned in new or unused condition and contain all original materials included with the shipment. More Details FINAL SALE EXCLUSION: Items marked as FINAL SALE are not returnable unless the problem you experience is the result of our error.
Every now and then, if I pester them enough, I hope that various artists will find the time to contribute their perspectives to the Nasher Blog site. William Cordova, whom many of you may remember from his participation in the Nasher exhibition Street Level, wanted to share his thoughts on Barkley Hendricks‘s work. By William Cordova“stand up next to a mountain” -Jimi Hendrix (from Voodoo Child (slight return)) “Superman never saved any Black people,” remarked Black Panther Party Chairman Bobby Seale in 1969. Seale made this statement as a response to what… MORE Wendy Hower has been the manager of marketing and communications at the Nasher Museum since April 2004. Before that, she was a print journalist for 15 years at newspapers in Boston, Alaska and North Carolina. She has two teen-age children and a chocolate Labrador retriever. J Caldwell is online community coordinator and photographer at the Nasher Museum, where he has taken pictures since 2008. His previous career was testing the hearing of fruit flies as an anesthesiology research fellow at Duke. His calico cat Lotte is a reluctant photo model. Sarah is the Mary D.B.T. and James H. Semans Director of the Nasher Museum.
We noticed that you're using an unsupported browser. The TripAdvisor website may not display properly.We support the following browsers: Windows: Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome. Mac: Safari. My vacation in Crete will stay unforgettable mainly because of this amazing hotel! After the shock that we went through at Moschoula rooms and appartments in Milos, I was dinally so glad and excited to stay at this beautiful hotel! I recommend it 100% My family and I had a wonderful 7 days here (10-17.07.2015). The staff were extremely friendly and attentive. This hotel is a family run operation and they are the nicest people you will ever meet. Fedra hotel is just on the beach. The rooms are...More Our 2nd time at Fedra hotel was great 1st time in Sep 2011 and now in Jul 2014. They are really nice and helped us find the rooms with the beautiful view we wanted. The rooms are basic but nice and clean. Furniture is ok...More Great location, right on the beach. Good value of money, breakfast included at Enavlion Hotel. The room was cleaned each day, towels changed. We had extended the check-out without any charge. Maybe the best located hotel in Golden Beach. Just back from our 4th visit to Thassos and need to make a special mention of Hotel Fedra. Prime position right on the beach, and the sunbeds are free for the price of a drink. Fabulous food and drink, served by very friendly staff, who...More US$80 - US$114 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room) Number of rooms TripAdvisor is proud to partner with Booking.com and Priceline so you can book your Hotel Fedra reservations with confidence. We help millions of travellers each month to find the perfect hotel for both holiday and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.
Bridesmaids' dresses often get a bad rep, but we've got exciting news that will change all of that! Style Me Pretty and Weddington Way came together to create the Style Me Pretty + Weddington Way Collection, a capsule collection featuring six fashion-forward styles for any and every wedding. The dresses, available next month on Weddington Way, are not only stylish and romantic, but they're also totally affordable. Best bridesmaids' dresses ever? We're a little biased, but, duh! Get a sneak peek at the collection thanks to the gorgeous sketches below!
They've been waiting First allow me to introduce: Blackbird Designs "My Quaker Home" framed in a medium Wedgewood-ish blue. It was finsihed in 2007 and sheer sloth kept it from getting framed until now. It's been clamped to a skirt hanger just waiting for me to pay attention. Now the real problem child-- Mirabilla's "Halloween Fairy" which was done being stitched on back in August of 2008. Then the problems began. You see I changed some colors in the piece, so between the odd (aka hard-to-match) colors called for in the chart (the dress brown, the orange, and the peachy beads) and the ones I changed (the green, the ink black, and the metallic), it became impossible to find a frame that went with everything. I got so desperate at one point I even tried this combo: Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking either. I'm glad I got this lovely frame finally-- My framer (who has a love-hate relationship with me) even did black spacers to match the frame instead of his usual ivory ones-- I think the effect is quite spiffy. Once again, a big thank you to the POSSIBIL(I)TIES crew (especiially Diane for getting us inspired in the first place!!!)! Onward and upward to the next languishing piece!
Send this FREE Spring Forward eCard to a friend or family member! Send free Daylight Saving Begins ecards to your friends and family quickly and easily on CrossCards.com. Share an animated Daylight Saving Begins eCard or a cute and funny ecard with your family and friends, it’s easy! Find that perfect Daylight Saving Begins card, add a personalized message, then press send! That's all it takes to brighten the day of a friend with a FREE eCard! CrossCards.com – Free Christian inspired online greeting cards.
Traffic Safety School If a defendant has been cited for a moving violation (such as speeding, running a stop light or a stop sign, failing to obey traffic instructions, or following too closely) and if that defendant has had no prior moving violations in any jurisdiction within the past three years, then the usual case is that the Judge will consider them eligible for traffic safety school. There is a $40 fee for the four-hour traffic safety school that is paid directly to the vendor of the school, and the defendant would also owe court costs to the City of Spring Hill. (Spring Hill does not currently offer an online traffic safety school option.) Defendants must appear in court so that the Judge can review their driving record and determine that they are eligible for traffic safety school. The advantage of attending traffic safety school is that upon successful completion of the school, once you have provided proof of satisfactory completion to the court clerk, the moving violation will be dismissed and will not result in points being added to your driving record. To find out more about the "points" system in Tennessee and how it impacts your driving record, visit the Department of Safety's website. If the Judge offers you the option to attend traffic safety school, the court clerk will discuss with you how you can sign up for a class that is convenient to you. However, if you are a commercial driver's license holder (Classes A through C of driver’s licenses in Tennessee) at the time you were cited with a moving violation, you should note that under federal law you are not eligible to attend traffic safety school.
The technology now exists that could flag certain buzzwords or phrases in your emails to alert “the authorities” that you might be up to no good. A published report in ITPro describes anti-fraud, language-analyzing software co-developed for Ernst & Young’s anti-fraud unit and the FBI with technology that can uncover 3,000 words and phrases that suggest fraud. Even more remarkable, the software is able to identify changes in tone that “suggest an underlying problem and can be targeted to specific sectors, particularly traders,” looking for “phrases that indicate an employee is nervous of eavesdropping, such as “call my mobile” and “come by office.” Here are the ten most common phrases used by fraudsters: “cover up,” “nobody will find out,” “off the books,” “grey area,” “failed investment,” “write off,” “illegal,” “they owe it to me,” “do not volunteer information” and “not ethical.” This technology is being used to catch crime in the making. Imagine the other applications it could have. Thought police come to mind? Could they also be looking for certain phrases and words like, oh, I don’t know … “gun,” “ammo,” “tea party meeting?” Somewhat amusing was this observation – using the ten watch phrases – left in the comment section at an article about the eavesdropping software at The Blaze: “Cover up Bengazi (sic). Write off the dead Americans. Don’t arrest anyone illegal. Congress is a failed investment. Nobody will find out if we keep our mouths shut. Fast & Furious is a ‘grey’ area. They owe it to me, so I’m raising taxes. Do not volunteer any information on our attempt to confiscate their weapons. I don’t care if it’s not ethical. Our pan (sic) to destroy America must be kept off the books.” Sad end to a bright future REDDIT co-founder Aaron Swartz, 26-year old Internet genius, took his own life last week. Police said Swartz was found in his Brooklyn apartment. When he was just 14, the Internet wizard is credited with drafting an early version of the RSS format, a web-based feed that helps syndicate popular headlines. Swartz was facing charges of hacking. According to the New York Post, “Federal officers arrested him for allegedly downloading academic journals on the subscription-only website JSTOR.com. He pleaded not guilty to fraud in 2012 – but the case remained open at the time of his death. He faced decades in prison and a fortune in fines.” Read more about Swartz and his legal problems here. Dot marks viral spot This app locates you on a map via geo-locator and poses the question, “How are you feeling?” Your answer can range from “awful” to “meh” to “good.” The app then plots your report with others in your area to let you know through color coded dots if the flu epidemic is virulent where you are, and if not, which areas that are and to avoid. Green is good, yellow indicates some outbreak and red means full-blown flu. Germ Tracker app is a Twitter-based algorithm that pinpoints areas hardest hit by also tracking key words on social networking sites. “Headache” and “sick” flag high-risk areas in the city. The info is available on smart phones and computers. Find my phone You’re at a concert, enjoying the music. After a while, you notice your smart phone is gone. You begin searching for it but it’s nowhere to be found. Luckily, you’ve left the geo-locator in the “on” position, so you get to a computer and launch the “Find My iPhone” app that helps you locate your lost device. This situation happened to a construction worker from San Diego. But when he “located” the phone, both he and the thief got more than they bargained for. In a similar story, another guy also lost his phone to a thief. His solution to retrieve his device? He impersonated a woman and using email alerts from a dating site profile set up by the phone’s owner, arranged for a “date” with the thief. The sting worked. Thief was caught with a bottle of wine and the phone in hand. “On one hand, I kind of feel bad for him because he was just looking for a date and it ended up being me and that sucks for anyone. At the same time he was keeping my phone,” the phone’s owner concluded. Bits & Bytes Sex offender in the Lone Star state? Identify yourself online. A hundred bucks to talk to Zuck? Not so much. Nipping the tipper. To catch a thief. Apple call. Russia honors Steve Jobs with iPhone Monument in St. Petersburg that displays slide show of Jobs’ life. Already? Next generation iPad and iPad Mini set for release in March. Clean-up on aisle two – electronics. Walmart deep discount on iPhones and iPads. Google gets off with FTC wrist slap. “We did what the law required.” Yahoo image search. Find and share photos on web with Flickr. Speaking of photos, Zuck’s wedding photog not happy. Free open college course includes video, audio, notes by profs at Harvard, Princeton, MIT and more.
Everything you need to know before joining Name: Lakshay Mutha Hometown: Chennai, India Hey sapiens, I’m Lakshay from Chennai,India. I’ve been a district level cricket player. I’ve always been into Sparta and was the school sports captain for 2 years. Apart from that I’ve always been engaged with cultural activities. I love to travel and meet new people. Feel free to add me on Facebook, Hope SP Jain helps support my dreams to experience other cultures. Meet you soon!
Danielle's Trip to Skills USA National Competition Organized by: Thom Hollis EVENT DATE May 05, 2015 SkillsUSA is a partnership of students, teachers and industry representatives working together to ensure America has a skilled workforce. SkillsUSA helps each student to excel. SkillsUSA is a national organization serving teachers and high school and college students who are preparing for careers in technical, skilled and service occupations, including health occupations and for further education. Danielle's dream is to become the best technical designer she can be. She strives to make the most of every day to fulfill that goal. She took it upon herself to enter Skills USA and go after the gold medal in the Bulletin Board Design competition. She won the local competition and the statewide competition, and now she has the opportunity of a lifetime to compete at the national level. But, as you might guess, that's expensive for a 17 year old high school junior. The total amount of money needed to go is $1060, but some of that total is being covered by points rewards she has received from local Skills USA competitions and gatherings, and some by a paid book cover design job she is currently finishing up. To add to the issue at hand, she needs to cover the air fare expenses of $610 by May 5th. As you know, any amount helps, so whatever you can do is GREATLY appreciated. Thank you and God Bless!
Each Loop Expansion features 128 loops and comes bundled with 128 presets for Ultraloop, Twisted Tools’ loop remixing sampler for Reaktor. Expansions also come in standard .WAV format as well and can be used with any audio software. Using Ultraloop and the Loop Expansions, users can remix loops to generate an infinite amount of new content. The expansion packs are available for purchase for $19 USD each. More information: Twisted Tools
By Diana Sarosi via The Huffington Post Recently we revealed that eight billionaires -- all of them men -- own as much wealth as the bottom half of humanity. It is clear that people around the world are angry and disillusioned with the global economy. Growing inequality has left much of humanity struggling to make ends meet while the richest one per cent continues to profit. This rampant inequality is a sure sign our economic model is broken. So what exactly has gone wrong? Our economy is built on six false assumptions that continue to be sold to us as truths. #1 Our profit-driven capital growth model is gender-neutral The World Economic Forum predicts that it would take 170 years to close the gender pay gap at current levels of progress. Women are subsidizing the economy with free and cheap labour while facing violence and exploitation. It is predominantly women who are working for poverty wages in export processing and special economic zones. They are the ones fueling GDP growth but can't access the benefits. Women are also responsible for countless hours of unpaid work in the home -- the cooking, cleaning, childcare and eldercare that enables our economy to function. All combined, this unpaid care work is actually worth trillions of dollars -- but it never actually gets accounted for. Every day, women face the challenge of balancing unpaid care work with the need to earn a living. To build a human economy, we need to invest in services like health care, childcare and eldercare, and make economic decisions that take into account the needs and challenges women face. We need to take deliberate action to ensure that growth fairly benefits women. #2 The market is always right and the role of government in the economy should be minimized The firm belief in the power of markets, combined with a negative view of government intervention, is fundamental to neoliberal economics. While the market is an incredibly powerful engine for growth, it does not lead to inclusive growth if left unchecked. And a runaway market certainly won't ensure shared prosperity and a sustainable future. Public ownership and market regulation is necessary to ensure everyone can access essential services such as healthcare and education. Governments can and should intervene in the economy to protect citizens from shocks, such as the financial crisis of 2008, and to prevent private monopoly control of services that the poorest rely on, like transportation or water. #2 Corporations must maximize profits and returns for shareholders at all costs Shareholder-driven profit-maximization is seen as the gold standard for economic growth. But this means that businesses look for ways to pay ever-less tax and squeeze workers out of a fair pay to maximize profits. This has resulted in massive conglomerates and extreme profit margins that disproportionately boost the incomes of already rich shareholders, while shortchanging workers, farmers, consumers, and the planet. While investors are satisfied, society hurts. But it doesn't have to be this way. Business can thrive with adequate returns, as opposed to maximum profits on the backs of the poor and the planet. This model already exists. Some corporations have already chosen to prioritize a social mission over profit maximization, or to share ownership with community stakeholders, including workers. They have chosen to give workers and farmers a fair deal and are willing to cover the cost of more sustainable resource use. #4 Extreme individual wealth is not the problem -- it's a sign of success Contrary to public belief, research shows that many of those at the top do not owe their fortunes to hard work. Fifty percent of those on the Forbes billionaires list owe their wealth to inheritance or a high level of cronyism. The inequality gap is also extremely relevant to economic growth. Countries that are more equal do economically better, for longer. Having more billionaires actually slows down a country's growth. The super-rich too often use their wealth to gain political advantages -- tilting a country's policies in favour of the few over the many. Less inequality helps create more democracy -- and vice versa. #5 GDP growth should be the overriding goal of policy making GDP is hailed as the measure for how a nation, and its leaders, are performing. But GDP doesn't tell us how citizens are faring. While Zambia's GDP rose and it transitioned from a low to middle income country, the number of people living in poverty in the country actually increased. Tracking GDP doesn't tell us who actually profits from growth. GDP also doesn't account for women's unpaid care work, which is subsidizing the global economy at an estimated value of $10 trillion USD a year. #6 The planet provides endless resources for the economy Our economic growth relies on natural resources or on natural systems to process waste. These environmental inputs and outputs are not accounted for and therefore ignored. A focus on short-term returns has blinded us to the negative long-term consequences of our economic model. Our planet can no longer keep up with this rate of depletion, and the consequences fall disproportionately to the poor. The richest 10 per cent of humanity is responsible for half of all total emissions leading to climate change, yet it is the poorest communities that face the most severe consequences. Women in rural communities are particularly affected as they often depend on agriculture for a living. People's well-being and the survival of the planet require a different kind of economy -- an economy that does not stand on the shaky ground of these six myths. In a human economy, national governments are accountable to the 99 per cent. They intervene when needed and cooperate with other governments to fix global problems such as tax dodging, climate change and environmental harm. In a human economy, businesses seek to increase prosperity for all, and ensure that women's work is fairly paid and equally valued. Technology is steered to the benefit of everyone and to create an environmentally sustainable future. And governments measure what actually matters: people's wellbeing, not just GDP. We think a more human economy is possible. We have a blueprint for it. If you want to know more, join us on February 9th to explore how Canada can take the first steps to building a more human economy with its next federal budget. Diana Sarosi is a Women's Rights Policy and Advocacy Specialist at Oxfam Canada
A synonym used for the words 'Ball' 'Pipe' 'One' and 'hole' Used in the Barnsley area as a slang word. All words are used in context with the words theyre replacing. With the exception of when Ben replaces the word 'One'. Ben only replaces 'One' at the end of the sentence, or when identifying an object as singular "There's only one!" "Theres only Ben!" "Its a Ben." "Its a Ball." "He fallen down the hole!" "Hes fallen down the Ben!" NOT "theres only ben left" to replace 'one'. The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug
Farmers ask NARO for disease-resistant stems Cassava farmers in Nakasongola district have asked the National Agricultural Research Organisation (NARO) to provide them with cassava stems resistant to the cassava brown streak disease. The district production officer, Dr. Gerald Kitaka, said most cassava gardens have been affected and this is increasing food insecurity in the district. Rice farmers tipped on fertiliser use Combining different types of fertilisers will increase rice production and its nutritional content in rice growing areas in Uganda, researchers have said According to researchers, This will reduce malnutrition and and enhance food security. This is one of the innovations that researchers at the Africa Innovations Institute (AfrII) are promoting in the rice-growing areas of Doho in Butaleja and Kibimba in Bugiri district Government asked to promote innovations in farming to fight climate change Government has been asked to increase the promotion of innovations and technologies in agriculture to address the challenge of food security as effects of climate change continue to manifest in agriculture. The call was made by the chairman of the Africa Innovations Institute(AfrII), Prof George William Otim Nape, during a press conference. Born in Kole district, Northern Uganda, Professor Otim-Nape is one of Africa’s leading agricultural development experts. He has devoted most of his career and life for the development of cassava, a crop about which he talks with zeal and passion. He is greatly remembered for “solving the problem of cassava mosaic disease that nearly brought the crop to extinction” (Rotary International Vocational Award (1999-2000). Prof OtimNape has received many national and international awards including Science Excellence Award presented in 2008 by HE Y.K Museveni, the President of Uganda; Lifetime Achievemnt Award; and Outstanding Research Leadership Award, among others. On 5th April 2016, Professor Otim-Nape was a special guest of the International Funds for Agricultural Development (IFAD) in Rome, Italy. His mission was to: “change the world’s perception that cassava is a poor man’s food”, and to do this in a 12 minutes inspiring and thought provoking talk that was televised and recorded in front of a live studio audience of Ambassadors, senior government officials and staff from UN agencies. The full version of the talk is reproduced below. A live version of the talk shall be available at: HYPERLINK http://cava2.unaab.edu.ng/ New study of Uganda soils begins Experts have commenced a new study of Uganda soils to develop a National Soil Atlas to map areas where various agricultural activities can be favorably carried out in order to promote sustainable agriculture. The study is being carried out under the Vital Signs project, a scientific, tested monitoring system that provides integrated data and tools. Government to promote cassava as an alternative to wheat and barley The hope is that a shift to cassava will increase the market for the locally grown cassava and also reduce import costs on the part of the manufacturer. This was revealed by the director Crop Resources at the ministry of agriculture animal industry and fisheries (MAAIF) Opolot Okasaai in a recent meeting on the Cassava Two (CAVAII) at Silver Springs hotel in Kampala. Awoja wetland project launched The Water and Environment Ministry in conjunction with the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) have launched a four-year project aimed at managing the Awoja wetland system in Teso sub-region Can wetlands, Agriculture co-exist? Initially, human settlements primarily occurred in fertile areas along rivers and from the early beginning of agricultural activities, riverine wetlands have been recognised as valuable land areas for food and fodder production, because they have fertile soils. One man's passion leads to change in community Anthony Arukol’s passion for growing different types of trees and encouraging others to do the same is leading to a change in his community. The benefits include better fodder for cattle and income generation through sale of seedlings. Prof. George Nape Pioneer fighter against the cassava mosaic In 1988, Professor George Nape got a directive from the agriculture ministry to research about a strange disease that had devastated cassava plantations in most parts of Buganda, including Luweero. Nape set up a team of researchers from Serere Research Station, in Serere district, to establish the extent of the damage. Their discovery showed that the disease, cassava blight, had destroyed large hectares of land.
iPhoneGlance Rating [rating=5] Car Butler for the iPhone is the one stop shop for all on the road needs. An app that all drivers should have on their iPhone. Features includes finding a car wash in your area, getting traffic report, find a petrol station, find parking, auto repairs and auto body shops. Launch the app and you get this great looking image to depict the weather conditions for the day. But the feature doesn’t stop there. The commute tab within the app allows you to get directions, type the address and the app suggest routes to take to your destination. These routes are shown on a map so you’re able to get a better look of where you’re going. The app packs some really helpful features and is great especially if your not familiar with the area your in. There are differentsituations that might arise, for instance your vehicle is damage, or you’re running low on gas, the app quickly and effortlessly local nearby body shops or petrol stations. There is also customer reviews of all the different services that has been located. For some reason, where ever I go, I always manage to get myself a parking ticket. Well not anymore, Car Butler as a feature that allows you to mark your parking spot and alerts you when your time is almost up, so bye bye parking tickets. This feature gives you a notification even when the app isn’t running, that’s well though of. It all seems endless because there are more features. Picture the scenario, you’re involved in an accident and you start to panic, you don’t know what to do or where to start but Car butler as your back. With the accident report feature you are able to create a report of your accident, add up to 4 pictures of the scene, record what happen right within the app, add vehicle details if any others were involved, add the details of the driver, passengers, pedestrian, witnesses and details of any police officer that attended. The most amazing thing is, the app doesn’t let you forget all the necessary and important information for your insurance. Information such as your driver information, insurance information and car information can be save in the profile tab just incase you need then right away. Car Butler is a magnificent application that works perfectly, it’s the ultimate must have app for any driver. The app is available on the App Store for free. Title: Car Butler Developer: Fancy Auto App Store Description * * “Car Butler is all about convenience and having everything close at hand in one app.” – Edmunds.com “Automobile App of The Week” – December 12, 2011 * * Car Butler™ for the iPhone, the all-in-one app for people and their cars, offers the following powerful, yet easy-to-use features: – SERVICES: Locate nearby gas stations, reputable mechanics, highly-rated body shops, as well as local car wash locations, and parking lots. – PARKING SPOT MARKER: Prevent parking fines by recording the location of your parked car & receive alerts. – TRAFFIC: Check local traffic congestion condition. – COMMUTE: Calculate commute time to destination. – AUTO ACCIDENT REPORT: Easily document and exchange information in case of an auto accident with step-by-step car accident report. – WEATHER: Get 5-day local weather conditions. * * Allianz Australia picks the ‘Car Butler’ app as one of the “Five top iPhone apps for your car” – February 2012 * * * * Rated 4 1/2 Stars by TheMacMob.com “Car Butler … is an incredible … all-in-one app which has powerful and easy to use features.” – July 29, 2011 * * * * Featured app on “New & Noteworthy” in iTunes Navigation -July 2011 * * Car Butler™ is your car’s concierge, an all-in-one mobile app for iOS device designed uniquely for drivers and their cars. Car Butler™ will save you time, aggravation, and money. It is a powerful, easy-to-use mobile app for the iPhone, iPad, and iTouch. * * PLEASE NOTE: Car Butler™ services feature uses Yelp reviews by default for the following countries: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. If you are outside of those countries, you can easily change the search engine to Google Places in the Home screen and Settings (top right icon). * * Remember to restart your device after installing or updating Car Butler™. While Car Butler™ is available for the iPhone, iPad, and iTouch, it is only supported for iOS 4 and higher. NOTE: If you are having any issues with the app, please restart your device after installing or updating Car Butler™. Your opinion matters! Please help to make Car Butler™ better by submitting your questions, feedback, or new feature request to support AT fancyauto.com from within the app, or from the Web site at https://www.FancyAuto.com. You will receive a response within hours. We are already working on the next upgrade with new features. Stay tuned, and thank you for your support and feedback.
Japan prepares to launch Kounotori-5 to Space Station Japan is poised to launch their fifth Kounotori vehicle to the International Space Station. The flight, originally scheduled for August 17 but postponed due to unfavorable weather, is currently set to take place on Aug. 19, 2015, and it will deliver supplies to the International Space Station (ISS). The launch time is scheduled for 7:50 a.m. EDT (20:50 Japan Standard Time, JST). The time of liftoff will likely change as the orbit of the ISS is updated closer to the flight time. Kounotori-5 (HTV-5) will ride atop the H-IIB Launch Vehicle No. 5, launching from the Yoshinobu Launch Complex on Tanegashima Island in Japan. This launch is a joint operation between Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) to provide supplies, experiments, and equipment to the Expedition 44 crew members on board the ISS. As the vehicle’s designation implies, HTV-5 is the fifth in a series of spacecraft that made its debut during the HTV-1 test flight in September 2009. To date, all of the prior flights to the space station have been successful. The Kounotori cargo vessels typically launch about once every year to a year-and-a-half. The most recent mission took to the skies on Aug. 4, 2013, with Kounotori-4 (HTV-4), which carried the first 4K camera into space among other items. Meaning “white stork” in Japanese, Kounotori-5’s mission is much like other cargo spacecraft serving the space station, including Orbital ATK’s Cygnus and SpaceX’s Dragon. Measuring in at 32.1 feet (9.8 meters) long and 14.4 feet (4.4 m) in diameter, Japan’s “white stork” is much bigger than the other supply vehicles with the exception of the European Space Agency’s (ESA) Automated Transfer Vehicle (ATV). The launch will be broadcast live courtesy of JAXA from their main launch complex from Tanegashima Space Center (TNSC). Thought to be the most beautiful launch site in the world, the island is located directly south of Kyushu, one of Japan’s main islands. Once the H-IIB rocket and the HTV-5 spacecraft have launched, the No. 5 Launch Vehicle will cycle through its stage separations before inserting the capsule into an elliptical orbit. As soon as separation from the H-IIB rocket has occurred, the spacecraft will automatically activate the HTV subsystems, initiating communications with the HTV Mission Control Room (HTVMCR) at Tsukuba Space Center (TKSC) near Tokyo, Japan. This will be the fifth flight of the H-IIB Launch Vehicle, derived from the original H-II rocket that flew between 1994 and 1999. Two variants of the H-II were developed, including both the H-IIB and the H-IIA, which first flew in 2001. While the H-IIA has been the workhorse of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, the H-IIB is specifically designated for HTV launches to the ISS. The spacecraft’s delivery procedures are similar to the other cargo vehicles as well. Once inserted into the appropriate orbit, the HTV Pressurized Logistics Carrier will approach the International Space Station four days later on August 21 (if the new August 17 launch date holds). JAXA describes the rendezvous sequence as such: - After separating from the H-IIB launch vehicle, the HTV will automatically start-up the communication system and initiate communications with NASA’s Tracking and Data Relay Satellite (TDRS). - The HTV status will be monitored from the HTVMCR at TKSC. It will take about three days for the HTV to reach close proximity to the ISS. - When the HTV reaches the “proximity communication zone” (23 km from the ISS), the HTV will then be able to communicate directly with the ISS. - The HTV will establish communications with the Proximity Communication System (PROX). - While communicating with PROX, the HTV will approach the ISS guided by GPS signals until the HTV is 5 km behind the ISS. At this point, the HTV will maintain this distance from the ISS. Slowly approaching the bottom side of the space station from Earth, Kounotori-5 will then move in to begin what is called the Berthing Phase on August 21. Then, the vehicle’s thrusters will be disengaged to allow the Space Station Remote Manipulator System (SSRMS), also known simply as “Canadarm”, to grapple the HTV. ISS crew members can send commands to the HTV spacecraft such as HOLD, ABORT, or RETREAT should any anomaly occur during the process. Once the spacecraft has successfully berthed with the International Space Station, the crew members can obtain the cargo. The unique feature of Japan’s resupply vehicle is its ability to supply astronauts with both pressurized and unpressurized cargo within the mission. Out of a total cargo capacity (including both supplies and equipment) of 6.6 tons (6,000 kg), about 4.9 tons (4,500 kg) of that capacity can be pressurized. The cargo included on the Kounotori-5 manifest as provided by JAXA is as follows: - 600 liters of potable water - Crew commodities - Fluids Control and Pump Assembly (FCPA) - Multifiltration Beds (WFB) - Galley rack to be placed in Unity - Simplified Aid for EVA Rescue (SAFER) - Calorimetric Electron Telescope (CALET) There is also scientific equipment included on board for experiments: - Mouse Habitat Unit (MHU) - Electrostatic Levitation Furnace (ELF) - Multi-Purpose Small Payload Rack (MSPR-2) - Exposed Experiment Handrail Attachment Mechanism (ExHAM 2) - CubeSat (S-CUBE) Among the current space station crew members that will receive Kounotori-5’s cargo is Kimiya Yui, a JAXA astronaut who was recently launched into space aboard a Soyuz spacecraft on July 23. If everything goes according to plan the HTV-5 will rendezvous with the station at 7:55 a.m. EDT (11:55 a.m. GMT) on August 21. It will then be grappled by the crew who will then berth it to the outpost. Installation should occur at around 10:45 a.m. EDT (14:45 GMT). Like a handful of the other resupply spacecraft, Kounotori is not reusable but offers the ability to depose of waste materials for the crew. Kounotori-5 will remain berthed to the space station for almost a month, and then, at the conclusion of its stay on September 27, it will detach. It can carry its full 6.6 ton capacity in waste material as it re-enters Earth’s atmosphere, estimated to occur on September 28, which will complete its journey. Despite burning up during re-entry, debris is expected to fall into the South Pacific Ocean and also, possibly, the Indian Ocean. Additional launch windows for Kounotori-5 are between August 18 and September 30 with specific days and times to be determined in coordination with the space station. Please check back with Spaceflight Insider on updates on the upcoming Kounotori-5 launch. Britt Rawcliffe is a professional freelance aerospace and aviation photographer based out of Pennsylvania with over six years of professional photographic experience. Her creative imagery has spanned into all areas relating to space, including launches, photojournalism, architecture, and portraiture. Britt’s passion for history has been a common thread in much of her work, including having photographed many Moonwalkers such as Buzz Aldrin and Gene Cernan.
To Ivory Snow, motherhood is a journey of Amazinghood! Why Amazinghood? Because “motherhood” doesn’t quite capture all the thrilling, joyful, uncertain, fascinating, and, yes, messy moments you encounter on your journey as a mom. Thanks to runny noses, sticky fingers, and a dozen things in between, you’re probably already well aware of what an expert stain-maker your little bundle of joy can be. Now that your baby is a little older, more active, and eating solid foods, a whole new array of challenging stains awaits you… cue the mashed pea mayhem! But that mashed pea mayhem doesn’t have to survive the next wash. Ivory Snow Stage 2: Active Baby laundry detergent is specially designed for your crawling, active baby. It is tough on food stains, but is still gentle on babies’ skin. All kinds of foods can stain your baby’s clothing. Some baby foods stain worse than others, depending on their ingredients, and on how vigorously your little one mushes them into his clothes. Expect to find stains of all kinds, in all sorts of unexpected places… You might be wondering how to remove stains from your active baby’s clothes. Start by scraping off any crusted-on foods; this will give your baby’s clothes a fighting chance! Then, wash those clothes with a baby detergent that is tough on stains and gentle on babies’ skin, such as Ivory Snow Stage 2: Active Baby. Baby’s first year is a messy one, but Ivory Snow has you covered every step of the way!
You can buy flights at a discount from the live price offered by the airline at the moment. Yes, you really can! How is this possible you ask? You do not buy the flights from the airline. Instead, you buy them from other travelers. Flight tickets are transferable. Lots of airlines, mostly in Europe, allow name change for a fee. When you change the name associated with the tickets, you have transferred the flight to another person! Lots of people buy their flights way in advance when the prices are cheaper. But did you know you can buy other people’s flights for half price? However, plans often change and many travelers find themselves unable to use the flight they have bought. This is where SpareFare.net comes in – this is a marketplace where people buy and sell flights, airline vouchers, holidays and hotel rooms There are no set prices on the site. Instead, when a buyer is interested in a flight, he or she will offer a price to the seller. The seller is then free to accept or reject the offer, or to propose an alternative price for the flight. Sellers know they have to offer you a significant discount from the live price of the flight to sell it, so you can get really good bargains on flights to and from Spain! A few helpful hints and tips when buying a flight on SpareFare - You have more bargaining power to negotiate a low price if the date of the flight is sooner. - If a seller has rejected your offer, and you really do not want to pay more for the flight, do not hesitate to make the same offer in a few days. Perhaps the seller will have changed his mind by then. - If you cannot find flights for the dates you need, bear in mind that many airlines also allow date changes for flight for a fee. SpareFare.net has a useful page with lots of information about the change fees of airlines. - If you cannot find flights for the destination you want, you can set up an email alert. The site will then email you when the flights you want are listed. Extra tip – always check your spam inbox for any flight alerts which might have landed there! - If you have already purchased your flight, you can check out the hotels page for any bargains on cheap hotels. Buying flight from SpareFare is like having someone else pay for part of your flight! And it is safe to use. The site protects buyers from fraudulent sellers by keeping the buyers’ money. The seller gets paid only after the flights takes off. If you are wondering about the details of the buying process, you can watch this short video. We’d love to hear from you. Comment box below!
Every time I make homemade bread, I ask myself, “Why don’t I make bread all the time?” The main reason is that I shouldn’t eat bread all the time. But I bemoan that every time I make this French Bread. It’s just so incredibly easy. At some point late this year, I started thinking about making croissants. A few things occurred to me. First, I realized that I’d never made croissants, due to the intimidating and potentially time-consuming process of rolling out butter and dough over and over again. They […] Bread 46 was the Cinnamon Buns recipe from The Bread Baker’s Apprentice. I had planned to make a different cinnamon roll recipe but didn’t have the ingredients I wanted for it. It surprised me that I hadn’t noticed this recipe from the book sooner, despite making probably […]
I use these sandals all the time. For work, the beach and going out Mira Loma, CA Free Shipping On Orders Over $29 Do you have something you'd like to share with us, or a question that calls for our attention? Call or chat with one of our representatives. 8am - 12midnight EST *Excluding US Holidays Get immediate answers to our most frequently asked questions.
Giessegi Modular Living Room Furniture 3 Modular Living Room Furniture Systems Uk File Type: image/jpeg Living Room — This living room, is one of the 25 designs published under the gallery: Awesome Modular Living Room Furniture. In the next page, we have the modular living room furnituremodular living room furniture modular sectional living room furniture [ ... ]. While in the previous page, we have the ideal modular living room furniture for house decoration ideas with modular living room furniture ikea modular furniture [ ... ]. View other and more living room designs below. File Size: 38 KB Dimension: 640x363 pixels Downloaded: 542 times Updated: May 5th, 2017 Browse More & Get Even More Inspired Home Interior Furniture Designs The Best Kitchen Dining Sets for Large Kitchen is complemented with some gorgeous interior decor and furniture design focusing on the kitchen designs, inluding: Kitchen dining sets with rectangular table made of wood and chairs, Kitchen dining sets with rectangular table made of glass and, Kitchen dining sets with rectangular table with glass top and, Kitchen dining sets with rectangular table made of wood and chairs, and many more. [ continue ... ] Awesome Rustic Furniture Living Room features several stunning interior and furniture design but mostly the living room designs, such as: ... living room trendy gallery of rustic leather living room, Country home furniture modern rustic living room furniture, Rustic furniture plus images of in style ideas rustic ... rustic, ... living room, rustic living room furniture ideas best rustic, and many more. [ continue ... ] Best Dark Furniture Living Room shows many inspiring furniture design and interior specially the living room designs, as follows: Contemporary living room contemporary living room decorating, Contemporary living room by 450 architects, inc. dark brown leather, ... perfect dark furniture living room on living room with decorating, Paint colors living room brown furniture home interior decor, and many more. [ continue ... ] Amazing Living Room Impressive Mid Century Modern Living Room Furniture is complemented with many inspiring interior decor and furniture design focusing on the living room designs, inluding: Modern living room with gray couch mid century modern living, Mid century modern living room chairs how to decorate mid century, Mid century modern living room furniture mid century modern living, Beautiful mid century living room design mid century modern living, and many more. [ continue ... ] Breathtaking Living Room Ceiling Fans is featuring some great furniture and interior design principally the living room designs, as follows: Ceiling fans with lights for large rooms in living room with, Ceiling fan for living room photo living room lighting ideas, Ceiling fan lots ceiling fans with lights for living room remodel, Living room ceiling fans photo living room ceiling fans india, and many more. [ continue ... ]
12/01/17 March for Animal Rights! Croatia joins the international movement on the occasion of International Animal Rights Day - December 9th at 11 A.M., a gathering on the King Tomislav square: big procession will pass the city center of Zagreb On Saturday, December 9th, 2017, at 11 A.M., on the occasion of International Animal Rights Day, many friends of animals will gather on King Tomislav square in Zagreb to march for animals through the center of Zagreb. With colorful posters and impressive photos they will invite people to stand up for the rights of animals who are tortured and killed daily. The Animal Friends association, Pobjede ("Victories") association, and other associations invite everyone to stand by those deprived of basic rights, join other like-minded people, and be a part of the growing revolution for nonviolence and justice. "Join us so we can stand together on that side of history for which we won't have to be ashamed one day. It is time that we see the connection between the different forms of discrimination and together set foot into a better, more humane and fairer world," says Luka Oman, president of the Animal Friends. Many guests from nearby towns, as well as related associations from Slovenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Serbia will be joining the March, and support was also received from environmental and civil society organisations. March for the Animals welcomes everyone and all those who wish to highlight any injustice done to animals. Namely, animals are kept in inhumane conditions, exploited for human entertainment, killed for the production of clothing and food, exposed to tests in laboratories, and abandoned and abused, so instead of coexisting on this planet, they are suffering through genocide. Animal cruelty is present all over the world, which is a reflection of human heartlessness, considering that today we have the ability to live and let others live without depending on animal exploitation in any form. All participants will join the March with the message: "We must not be silent about the suffering of animals, we must act with a goal to stop inducing pain to living beings." International Animal Rights Day has been commemorated since 1998, the same day as Human Rights Day (on December 10th) to point out the fact that we are sharing this planet with other animal species who, like us, have the right to live without captivity, exploitation, and killing.
Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Bishop James V. Johnston Jr. installed as diocese leader KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Bishop James V. Johnston Jr. has been installed as the new leader of the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph. Johnston gave a 20-minute homily Wednesday to a packed audience at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception. He called on the local church to "constantly return to repentance and belief" in order to move forward from its past mistakes. The Kansas City Star reports (http://bit.ly/1MkkgFJ ) that Pope Francis named 56-year-old Johnston in September to succeed Bishop Robert W. Finn, who resigned as leader of the diocese in April. Finn's departure came three years after he was convicted of failing to report a priest's suspected child abuse. Johnston was previously the bishop of the Diocese of Springfield-Cape Girardeau in southern Missouri. Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Passage: James 5:1-6 5:1 Come now, you rich! Weep and cry aloud over the miseries that are coming on you. 5:2 Your riches have rotted and your clothing has become moth-eaten. 5:3 Your gold and silver have rusted and their rust will be a witness against you. It will consume your flesh like fire. It is in the last days that you have hoarded treasure! 5:4 Look, the pay you have held back from the workers who mowed your fields cries out against you, and the cries of the reapers have reached the ears of the Lord of hosts. 5:5 You have lived indulgently and luxuriously on the earth. You have fattened your hearts in a day of slaughter. 5:6 You have condemned and murdered the righteous person, although he does not resist you. Soul Search Essay Why would the reality of who Jesus Christ is provoke James to such a strong statement as this passage? Why would the life of Jesus that James observed provoke such confrontational words? Why would the death and resurrection of Jesus demand from James these assertions? Think seriously about these questions. If you cannot offer a meaningful answer to each question, your grasp of Jesus’ life needs to grow. It needs to grow significantly. Jesus came to radically alter what? Everything. Society. Work. Culture. Career. Perception. Morality. Community. Health. Wealth. He came to radically alter inner human worlds (that place in our mind where we live out our inner thoughts) and even to alter the external physical world. If you cannot answer each question above, then has he radically altered you? You have been saved, but have you thought deeply enough about Christ, his teachings and God’s plans to grow meaningfully? Where does he fit in your business life? Has Christ radically altered you business behavior? Consider the following. Who is James confronting? Those who are successful in the first century. Those who have succeeded in life, those who have “won.” In their winning, they accumulated wealth. Are you successful? If so, James is forcefully stating that you are in grave danger. In fact, he is holding people just like you up as a powerful, potent warning to others. Why would he do that? Your success, whether in work, money (the scenario James used here), the church, or society is the deadliest type of trap that exists. James also strongly points out that these traps are the milk of evil. How can this be true? Success is proof of God’s love! No. Success apart from your intimate participation in God’s plans is not proof of his love. Without his intimate participation, your success is proof of something else. It proves serious time and attention have been given to advancement within this corrupt world, given to climbing Satan’s ladder (Satan rules the current human world), given to acquiring more of Satan’s tools. You have given serious time and attention that did not go to God’s plans, to his grace or to his love. (FOOTNOTE: Success as part of God’s intimate interaction with you is not part of Satan’s ladder and you are not acquiring Satan’s property and tools. Before you quickly claim this fits you, recognize that deep introspection is required. Have you done intimately participated with God? Really?) What does this indicate? Idolatry. Idolatry is the reliance on anything other than God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit for your safety, sustenance, security and life path. The intimate participation of God means that he participates in your path decisions due to your daily invitation to involve him in them. Success apart from his involvement, however, very easily breeds, incubates, and sustains evil while trapping you in this evil. It does this not because of arrogance, but insulation. Success shields you from dependence on God. You issue no invitations. This insulation and shielding is the natural terrain of idolatry. So, success makes it easy to avoid painful truth (truth about who you actually are) and in avoiding that truth, you pursue evil. I am reasonably sure most people do not consider themselves evil nor do they think they are pursuing evil. To recognize the evil within us requires spiritual maturity. It requires brutal, deep honesty. People pursuing advancement in this corrupt world on their own terms tend to lack these qualities. To avoid idolatry and evil while experiencing success is exceptionally difficult and exceptionally rare. It can be done, but it requires a deep level of intimacy with God and a profound vulnerability to him. Most successful people avoid even casual vulnerability. Profound vulnerability is way, way off the radar. Successful people seek to overcome vulnerability, not embrace it. To be told not only to embrace, but actively explore it? They do not just avoid vulnerability. They run from it. Often safety and security needs are core drivers in the pursuit of success. Yes, pleasure plays a role, but there are usually powerful negative drivers as well. Success often comes from driveness to succeed. This driveness is usually primarily avoidance of something. There is some pain, longing or need that colors many pieces of the successful life at a deep level. That ache has to be soothed and success seems to provide the answer. Unfortunately, it is a trap and not a solution. Equally unfortunate is that the avoidance of vulnerability requires the avoidance of personal awareness. So, avoiding evil while pursuing success in the worldly, anti-Christ system known as a career or society in modern America is impossible without God’s direction and intimate participation. Without God’s direction, evil will advance. Again, without the direction and intimate participation of the Holy Spirit, Jesus Christ and Yahweh in any career, business, investment, social climb, etc., you will foster and advance evil within your soul, evil in your family, evil in your community and evil within your business. You will be seduced by success through your pursuit of it, whether you reach what you define as success or not. Powerfully unpleasant words. Why would I say this? Read the sentence again, “You will be seduced by success through your pursuit of it, whether you reach what you define as success or not.” What is the critical phrase? It is “…what you defined as success….” Where is the intimacy of Jesus Christ, of the Holy Spirit or of Yahweh in that phrase? Where is intimate participation in Yahweh’s plan? Too often, it is absent. Jesus Christ demands that you become a career Christian. It is not a suggestion. It is a demand. (If you believe I am incorrect, read the Gospels. Refute me from them.) Your career is in Christ and Christ alone. Christ requires us to be career Christians. Without the “my career is Christ” mindset, you will assume James’ statements do not apply to you. You will fail to recognize how much faith you put in money, status, control, power, and other worldly solutions. You will remain numb to your idolatry; unaware, yet actively idolatrous. This is why you cannot deeply answer my questions in this devotion. Intimacy with Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit continually alters who you are. This is a definitive statement. It is absolutely not saying, “Intimacy with Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit can occasionally alter who you are.” It does alter you. It alters you continually. Spiritual growth is consistent, ongoing God directed change. You can only avoid the altering by avoiding the intimacy. In avoiding intimacy, you are the plaything of evil. In fact, you are a participant in evil by actively advancing it. This a very ugly truth. The truth is that evil is very ugly. I pray you will read the following devotions and consider how to escape.
Apartman Marko 1 is situated in Pula. This property is 2.3 km from Pula Arena and features free WiFi. Leading onto a balcony, the air-conditioned apartment consists of 1 bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The apartment offers a terrace. If you would like to discover the area, cycling is possible in the surroundings. Lungomare is 600 metres from Apartman Marko 1, while Archaeological Museum in Pula is 1.2 km away. The nearest airport is Pula Airport, 8 km from the accommodation....
Do you have trouble hearing the TV? Or keep asking loved ones to repeat themselves? Have you had your hearing tested recently? It could be that you're experiencing a hearing loss and getting a full assessment is a good first step in addressing the issue. At Hidden Hearing, you'll be provided with a high standard of care – from your first conversation with us right through to the exceptional aftercare we provide to you. As well as the care you'll receive, we also have high quality Hearing Aid technology to show you. With a wide range available, you'll be sure to find a solution that suits your budget and lifestyle. Our Audiologists will be able to help you throughout the hearing test and with your choice if they find that you could benefit from using hearing aids. Our Audiologists understand that everyone is different and so is their hearing. Whether you take to your hearing solution straightaway or find it difficult to adjust at first, they'll be with you every step of the way to make sure you can get the most from your hearing. Don't delay seeking clearer hearing sooner. Book your free hearing test or call us today and feel the benefits. 0800 740 8706 Monday - Friday: 08:30-17:00 Our hearing centre locator will quickly show you a choice of clinics in your area Find a hearing centre
) may be used on all variables, and specialised primitives are provided for harmful update within lists, vectors, strings, etcetera. In OCaml, only solitary assignment is allowed for variables, via the Permit identify = price syntax; however harmful update can be utilized on things of arrays and strings with different You will find out to appreciate the necessity of moral, lawful, organisational and environmental challenges and company ideas. Upon completion of the module, you will have simple knowledge of a variety of instruments to guidance all the measures involved with application progress, project planning and project administration. You should be able to assess the suitability of A selection of options to lead successfully to your planning, development, and analysis of software package programs. Foote sits on the advisory council for Hiram College or university's Middle for that Research of Ethics and Values. "We need to be checking out the idea of how do we breed people today to be troubled The natural way about problems with ethics and morality." Pupils typically vacation resort to dishonest mainly because they feel extreme tension from their friends and their people to excel, professors say. Topics involve: scheduling of processes, Command and allocation of computer resources, and consumer interfacing. Cross Outlined: CPE 159; only one could be counted for credit history. In early computers, the user typed courses on to punched tape or cards, from which they had been go through into the computer. The computer subsequently assembled or compiled the applications and then executed them, and the outcomes were then transmitted to the printer. It soon became evident that Considerably valuable computer time was wasted amongst users as well as even though Careers (packages to generally be executed) were being being read or while the final results had been getting printed. The earliest operating units consisted of computer software residing from the computer that handled “batches” of person Work—i.e., sequences of Careers stored on magnetic tape that are go through into computer memory and executed separately devoid of intervention by person or operator. Accompanying Every task in a batch have been Directions to the functioning technique (OS) detailing the means needed by the job—by way of example, the level of CPU time, the data files as well as the storage gadgets on which they resided, the output machine, whether the career consisted of a software that required to be compiled just before execution, and so forth. From these beginnings arrived The real key concept of the operating method for a useful resource allocator. This purpose became additional essential With all the increase of multiprogramming, during which various Employment reside from the computer concurrently and share resources—for example, remaining allocated fixed amounts of CPU time subsequently. Far more advanced hardware authorized a single job being reading information though One more wrote to your printer and nevertheless Yet another done computations. This is among about 2,two hundred courses on OCW. Locate elements for this study course during the web pages connected along the still left. MIT OpenCourseWare can be a totally free & open up publication of fabric from 1000s of MIT programs, masking the complete MIT curriculum. What learners Never notice is always that computer software code is more akin to creating an essay Which a significant degree of creativeness is included. Topics in the look and implementation of databases management devices. Database process principles and architectures; query compiler, question processing algorithms, rational and Actual physical query site here programs, question optimization; recovery, concurrency Manage; transaction administration in centralized databases management methods and dispersed databases administration devices. Heritage and Philosophy of Computing (thirty credits) - Optional This module aims to teach the basics of computing coupled with analytical (reasonable) capabilities applied to conceptual problems originating look what i found in theoretical and utilized computer science. By finding computing units in their structural and historical evolution and by Studying the epistemic and ontological concepts that outline Computer Science, you will achieve significant recognition with the processes by which computing happens to be An important element of our lives and will know how this subject is situated with respect to other sciences. You will build a radical grounding inside the foundations of computer science from the use of project-led laboratory-primarily based routines. Each project is meticulously made to allow you to discover at your personal tempo and to build significant abilities inside of a meticulously-created and progressive way. You'll be able to cheat on homework, but which is not going to help you With all the assessment that counts for the bulk of one's grade." Via the 1830s, Babbage had devised a decide to build a equipment that could use punched playing cards to complete arithmetical functions. The equipment would keep figures in memory models, and there might be a kind of sequential control. Consequently just one Procedure could be completed right before A different in such a way that the machine would develop a solution and not fail. This machine was for being called the “Analytical Engine”, which was the very first real representation of what is the modern computer. "The reality is the fact that on just about every campus, a sizable proportion of your noted instances of educational dishonesty come from introductory computer science classes, and The main reason is completely clear: we use automatic equipment to detect plagiarism," clarifies Professor Ed Lazowska, chair of computer science and engineering for the University of Washington.
The past few months have marked some of the most dramatic moments in South Korea’s recent political history—and Korean-American photographer Argus Paul Estabrook was there to document the upheavals with his award-winning series “Losing Face,” a visual record of the remarkable ousting of South Korean (ex-) President Park Geun-hye. The former president’s crimes first came to light in October 2016 after investigations into her relationship with a “shadowy advisor from a shaman-esque cult” revealed acts of extortion and significant corruption. South Koreans were outraged. Soon, furious citizens were demonstrating every weekend. Estabrook described the scene: “Flooding the streets while they marched towards the presidential grounds, protesters filled the night air chanting in unison, ‘Come down and go to jail!’ Effigies and satirical street art continuously sprang up around the capital, especially so in Gwanghwamun Square. There was a charge in the air, an engulfing unified energy from the public that couldn’t be ignored. Huge groups of people, sometimes in the millions, showed up every Saturday at the plaza to express that the president no longer represented them.” More scandals were soon revealed: massive bribes, accusations of coercion and corruption. In the end, the former president didn’t stand a chance. Estabrook grew up in rural Virginia and completed a MFA at James Madison University before moving back to his maternal homeland, South Korea, six years ago. “I hoped to gain a better understanding of my mother’s culture,” he says, “and my life has been richer for it.” When asked how his ties to two very different countries have affected his life and photographic vision, he says, “I see myself as a kind of ‘half-eye.’ Some might call this having one foot in each world, but as a Korean-American photographer, it feels more like having an eye into two different worlds that I consider home. I can’t help but feel my perspective is that of a mixed insider/outsider. I also think that my camera takes that feeling a step further in practice, because it proves to be an active interface between my outward observations and inward thoughts.” Asked specifically about the origin of this striking series, he says, “I remember hearing about the first anti-Park Geun-hye protest on an airplane flight back to Seoul. I immediately knew that I’d be on the street documenting it.” The distinctive visual style of “Losing Face” earned Estabrook recognition in this year’s Magnum Photography Awards. Many of his high-contrast black-and-white images were made with longer exposures, resulting in a dizzying blurred effect that speaks to the frenzy of shooting amid the clamor and heat of a protest. His compositions are bold and unapologetic—in one image, a protester wears a paper mask with the former president’s face stretched eerily across it, leering at the camera from behind bars. Despite the fever of his series, Estabrook’s explanation of his process is evocative and yet also poetic: “Photography for me is like hearing live music—but instead of notes, I’m acknowledging visual symbols in the landscape. Sometimes these notes are buried in layers of the moment, so I unearth them a bit to better ‘hear’ what my experience is telling me. If the resulting image resonates with others in the same way it does for me, then I feel my approach was successful.” Combining aesthetic punch with his own personal perspective offered him a unique angle from which to document the recent upheavals in South Korea. Some of his long-held observations about the country came into play as he saw Koreans of all ages and backgrounds rise up against the (at that time) incumbent president. “In South Korean society, losing face is the worst thing that can happen to a person. The damage of having one’s identity lost to shame is so ruinous that it can completely destroy a person’s social standing and authority…and that’s exactly what happened to Park Geun-hye.” But what likely stood out to Estabrook more than anything were the protests’ consistently peaceful nature and successful outcome: “No matter how many police were there to confront them, the protesters remained undeterred without resorting to violence. They did this for five months and in the end, showed the world that resistance and change is possible through peaceful means. It was an incredible historic feat, and something I’ll never forget.” Editors’ note: Estabrook’s work was selected as a Series Winner in the Street Category of the Magnum Photography Awards 2017. Discover more inspiring work from all 41 of the winners, finalists, jurors’ picks and student spotlights.
Experience beautiful Port Perry and celebrate local craft beer! We will be set up in Palmer Park to give you the opportunity to sample a variety of craft brews and ciders, while enjoying delicious food from local restaurants and live entertainment. Join us on August 11, 2018 from 12 to 6pm and get ready to put your tastebuds to the test! DOGS ARE ALLOWED – We are happy to make this a pet-friendly event so please feel free to bring your four-legged friends. Dog water bowls will be provided by Old Flame. We do ask that you respect others and clean up after your dog as needed. Please note this is a 19+ event and you should expect to be asked to show photo ID to enter. No outside food or drink will be permitted. Bags may be checked upon entrance. Please DO NOT DRINK AND DRIVE. A portion of the proceeds will be donated to the Lake Scugog Enhancement Project.
Electronic cigarettes are here to stay if consumers have anything to say about it. Millions of users have tried out the electronic cigarette since it first hit the market, and millions more are trying it out every year. While some countries have placed a ban on all e-cig devices, the United States and most countries in the world have not regulated them to date. Even though regulations are in the works in many localities around the world, it is an uphill battle for lawmakers when so many consumers have taken to Vaping in place of traditional cigarette use that causes billions of dollars in medical bills each year. The best thing about using e-cigs is the flavor! Most regular cigarette smokers don’t necessarily like the taste of cigarettes, but they smoke them because they are addicted to the nicotine. With electronic cigarettes, you can select from hundreds of different e-cig flavors from many different manufacturers. Checking for Product Compatibility The thing about electronic cigarettes that users seem to hate is that the product market is constantly changing. Since the product is relatively new to the market, many brands are hitting the market, while others are leaving altogether. The bad thing about this is that many e cig flavors are made for specific electronic cigarette brands. Although the concept of the e-cig is the same from one manufacturer to the next, the parts are not always interchangeable. Electronic cigarette kits are not always cheap, so it is important to ensure that the company you buy your products from is solid enough to be around over the long-term course of things, or to ensure that their parts are interchangeable to where you can use any brand flavoring in your e-cig product. Consumers are much better off purchasing a brand of electronic cigarette that is compatible with other brands. Select From Numerous E-Cig Flavoring Options Whether you want e-cig juice that tastes like a real cigarette or something a little more fun such as tropical flavors, cappuccino, monkey butt, or other fun flavors, the choices will be endless. E-cig liquid comes in multiple nicotine strengths that are relatively affordable in price, so many electronic cigarette users simply choose to purchase many different flavors. As one runs out they can change it for another flavor to have a lot of variety in their Vaping experience. Be the first to like.
Posted by Peter Rosenberger, Author, Speaker, Radio Host, and 30-year caregiver For every caregiver, guilt remains a seemingly insurmountable obstacle standing between us and a measure of peace in our hearts. In the face of overwhelming odds, we put ourselves in an often impossible situation, and keep doing it armed with little else than love—while spending blood, sweat, and treasure. I wouldn’t hang around somebody who treats me the way I treat myself, and I’ll bet you wouldn’t either. We treat ourselves mercilessly—thinking somehow because of guilt or whatever, we’ve got to push ourselves to the breaking point. “There’s no problem so awful, that you can’t add some guilt to it and make it even worse.” —Bill Waterson, The Complete Calvin and Hobbes We’ve all heard the story of military drill instructors who look at a line of soldiers and ask for a volunteer. Then, everyone steps back—except the one guy who wasn’t in on the planned exit. He didn’t step back. Watch this short clip of Peter addressing caregivers Huntington’s Disease Society of America’s annual conference. [kad_vimeo url=”https://vimeo.com/170849827″ ] As caregivers, WE didn’t step back. We show up every day. Sometimes we do it well—other times, we make mistakes. Either way, our attendance record is perfect even if our service record isn’t. Regardless of what we do or don’t do, we still beat ourselves up because we didn’t do it as well as we think we should—or somebody else thinks we should. As caregivers, we sadly judge ourselves on our service record while completely overlooking our attendance record. There is a word for caregivers to remember: Grace. To me, Grace is the most beautiful word in the English language. I married a woman named Grace. I love saying her name. As caregivers, we rarely give ourselves grace—to our detriment. Healthy caregivers make better caregivers, and we cannot exist in a healthy state when carrying the crushing burden of guilt. This kind of caregiver guilt isn’t about sins that get great press. Those things earn guilt. Rather, this type of guilt stems from a child is born with a disease or disability—or even something as simple as wanting to take a break for a day …or even a few hours. The list of things we mercilessly flog ourselves over stretches beyond the horizon, but none of those things help us live a healthier life. We’re no good to anyone if we stroke out or become impaired ourselves because we push ourselves to the breaking point. Today is a good day to be a healthy caregiver, and that journey starts with extending grace to ourselves. Let us then approach God’s throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need. —Hebrews 4:16 - Audio Library (Dozens of hours of on-demand super cool stuff for caregivers by topic!) - Enhanced Audio Book with special surprises. Read by the author, and even with some guest appearance from Gracie. - More great stuff/videos, free downloads, etc… Get the book that’s strengthening thousands and THOUSANDS of caregivers …now in an enhanced audio version read by the author!
The game of Marbles as we know it today gets its name from the practice of making children's toys from chips of marble or stone. Marrididdles, Cat's Eyes, and Taws! While Marbles has been played over the centuries with everything from rounded sea pebbles to fruit pits, today the game is played with small colorful balls of glass—but it took many different materials to reach this point. In the twentieth century, marbles were made of baked clay, agate, onyx, alabaster, plastic, wood, and steel. Antique marbles can be found at flea markets and auctions. That's right—different sizes and types of marbles have different names, and these names vary from country to country. Marrididdles are homemade marbles usually made of clay that's been left out to dry. Cat's Eyes, originally made in Japan, are made of clear glass with swirling colored glass injected inside of them. An Alley is your best marble and might even be your most expensive marble. A Taw is one of your shooters—simply put, it is your favorite marble—the one you use to shoot the most often and the one you don't want to lose to an opponent. If you are playing with an expensive Alley, you might want to have a stated rule in the beginning, that that marble is not up for grabs! The different types of marbles are quite beautiful. You may want to collect them just for the way they look! Because this game is so old, there are countless ways to play, countless games to make up, and countless names for marbles. You will definitely find yourself and your children making up rules to suit your own needs. Inventing new games is always good fun and a great way to stimulate your child's imagination. The Ring Game This is the most famous version of Marbles, the one you see kids playing on TV and in the movies, and soon, hopefully in your own backyard. Draw a ring on the ground either with a piece of chalk or with a stick in the dirt. Draw a starting line just outside the ring. Each player puts a few marbles into the ring and the goal is to shoot the marbles, from the starting line, out of the ring. It is critical to keep marbles out of the hands and mouths of small children. You should only play the game with children over the age of five or six—and even then under strict supervision. Older kids should be okay. To choose the player who goes first, each player should shoot a marble from the starting line toward the ring; the player whose marble is closest to the edge of the ring gets to go first. The next closest is the second shooter, and so on. The players should pick up these marbles to shoot again when the game begins. The first player knuckles down at the starting line and shoots his or her marble toward the ring in an effort to hit a marble out of the ring. If the player hits both his or her marble and the target marble out of the ring, he or she gets to keep the marble and shoot again—only this time he or she has to shoot from where his or her shooter rests. If a player shoots a target marble out, but his or her shooter stays in, he or she can get the shooter back by replacing it with another marble. Tell your kids to be clear on the rules about taking marbles before they play. Some kids want to have their marbles back, while other kids feel the reward is to win other kids' marbles. This could be a big source of conflict if the kids don't state the rules in advance. Kids get very attached to their favorite shooters, so you can bet they are going to want their “Taw” back! However, if his or her shooter stays in, the player is out and must put all the won marbles back in the ring. If a player doesn't hit any marbles out of the ring and his or her shooter stays in, the shooter can be replaced with another marble but the player is out altogether until the next game. If the player misses and the shooter goes outside the ring, the shooter stays where it is but the shooter loses his or her turn. On the next play, the player must shoot from where his or her shooter rested on the previous play. There is an art to shooting a marble and it's done like this: Curl your fingers and rest the marble on the crook of your index finger. With your knuckles facing downward, place the knuckle of your index finger on the ground and use your thumb to flick the marble out of the crook—and watch the marble fly. You'll have to practice a few times until you get it right.
(a) A written request for procedural review of the arbitration hearing procedures must be filed with the President within twenty (20) days after the award has been transmitted to the parties and be accompanied by a deposit in the sum of $_______ (not to exceed $500). The request for procedural review should cite the alleged procedural deficiencies or other irregularities the party believes constitute a deprivation of due process (e.g., fraud, coercion, bias, prejudice, evident partiality, etc.) on the part of Hearing Panel members or others acting on behalf of the Board. The request for procedural review shall be reviewed within ten (10) days of receipt of the request by the Board President or the President’s designee only for the purpose of determining whether the request states any legitimate basis for consideration by the Board of Directors. If determined to be insufficient, it shall be returned to the requester accompanied by an explanation and a request for additional detail to be received by the Board within ten (10) days of notice. This initial administrative review is not a decision on the merits of the request for procedural review but is intended only to ensure compliance with the requirement that the request cite the alleged procedural deficiency or irregularity on which the request is based and which will be presented to the Board of Directors for its consideration. All requests for procedural review received by the Board must be considered by the Board of Directors, and only the bases raised in the written request for procedural review may be raised during the review before the Directors. (Amended 11/15) (b) When a request for procedural review (as originally filed if in proper form, or as originally filed if no amendment is submitted, or as amended even if still deemed to be lacking) is received, the Professional Standards Administrator shall within one (1) day of receipt of the request or within one (1) day of receipt of additional detail, if provided or the date that the period to provide additional detail has elapsed, send a copy to the other party, notify all parties of the time and place of the review by the Directors at least ten (10) days in advance (including challenge Forms #A-7 and #A-8, Part Thirteen of this Manual), and bring the matter before the Directors for review at their next regular meeting or at a special meeting called by the Professional Standards Administrator for that purpose, but not later than thirty (30) days after the date of receipt of the procedural review. The Professional Standards Administrator shall provide to the Directors, in advance, a copy of the request for procedural review or the amended request for procedural review, if any, and the President’s correspondence, if any. The Directors shall be advised that the information provided is confidential and not to be discussed with others at any time. (Revised 05/15) (c) The request for procedural review may be heard by a panel of Directors appointed by the President for that purpose (or, alternatively, by the Board’s Executive Committee). Five (5) Directors or a quorum of the Board of Directors, whichever is less, shall constitute such panel, which shall act on behalf of the Board of Directors. The decision of the panel (or Executive Committee) shall be final and binding and shall not be subject to further review by the Board of Directors. (Revised 11/91) (d) At the procedural review hearing, the party filing the request will have an opportunity to explain the bases on which the party is requesting that the award of the arbitrators be overturned. The Chairperson of the arbitration panel (or the Chairperson's designee) will have an opportunity to respond to the allegations. The other party shall have the opportunity to present to the Directors reasons why the arbitration Hearing Panel’s award should not be overturned. (Revised 5/09) (e) The Board of Directors shall not hear an appeal with respect to the merits of an arbitration award, and shall not, on appeal, review such evidence offered with respect to the merits of that award, except as such evidence may bear upon a claim of deprivation of due process. The Directors shall render their decision within five (5) days from the date of the procedural review hearing. This decision may be to adopt the award of the arbitrators or to overturn the award based on a substantial procedural error in the arbitration hearing process that resulted in a denial of due process or on a determination that the member was otherwise deprived of due process. (Revised 05/15) (f) If the Directors determine that a substantial procedural error occurred or a member was otherwise deprived of due process, the Directors shall invalidate the original arbitration award and direct that the matter be referred to the Professional Standards Committee for a hearing on the merits before a different Hearing Panel, or, alternatively, the Directors may release the parties from their obligation to arbitrate if the Directors conclude that the Board will be unable to impanel an impartial Hearing Panel. (g) After all procedural remedies provided for in the Board’s procedures have been exhausted, a member is not precluded from asserting any legal rights to which he is entitled. Assertion of such legal rights in the courts does not violate Article 17 of the Code of Ethics. The exercise of such legal rights by a member would result in judicial review similar to that set forth in Part Ten, Section 56 of this Manual. Section 56 recommends that, in instances where a member fails to comply with an award, the award recipient seek judicial enforcement, which results in judicial review, and, absent any showing of deprivation of due process, the judicial review will generally affirm the award rendered through the arbitration process and will enable the recipient to have it enforced. (Revised 11/88)
One of the unfortunate things about LA is that everyone’s a fucking “actor”. They walk alike… they talk alike… they’ve assimilated into a single collective genius. So, how does one find a true opinion in this condition? How do you separate the affected from the affectation? It’s become draining to hear “Bush is evil” from people who can’t tell you why or, alternatively, offer a parroted, pirated version of something they heard on NPR. clichéd and equally pretentious eastsider It’s so fucking hard to separate the actors from the “actors”. I blame reality TV. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard someone say “I don’t need classes, you either got it or you don’t”. All art, people, be it writing, acting, painting, is 10% talent, and 90% hard fucking work. There are fewer and fewer genuine actors (a fine, fine art) left in this world. Give me Sean Penn, give me Edward Norton, give me Freddy Prinze, Jr.! Come on, now. He can’t be that bad on ACCIDENT! Being that bad takes the work of a true fucking GENIUS. No matter where you are, there’s gonna be some thing. Put the same crowd in Paducah, Kentucky and they’re gonna expounding the finer points of squirrel huntin’ and they’ll trade their John Edwards bumper stickers for these. It takes a lot of fucking effort to figure out who is who, and Murray doesn’t have the patience. Alot of people can sound really intelligent for five minutes, and you keep pressing until they go all “OH MY GOD! Still with the talky-talky! I should be in your pants by NOW! I have to go call my agent.” If someone asks you if you like sushi as one of the first questions they ask you, HEAD THE OTHER fucking way. I can think of 13765 qualities that are more important to me than a person’s taste for raw fish. Make a list of red flag questions yourself. Now leave me the fuck alone.
Property can be like a game of snakes and ladders. When you’re new to the lettings business hopefully you will climb a few ladders, but you can be particularly vulnerable to slithering down the occasional snake. Here are some of our top tips for avoiding the pitfalls. It is important to have a very clear purchase strategy from the outset. Location is the key. You may be tempted to buy cheaper properties that are far away from your home, but you’ll need to think through the implications of remote management and the prospects for capital growth. As a first time landlord you could start simple and buy closer to home, where you already have knowledge of the area and local amenities such as transport links. Put together a strategy that considers location, the type of property and how it will be managed. Look at the trends and the type of market you would like to target to get the best returns within that geographical area. The higher the demand for your type of property the quicker it will be to rent it out. As a general guide, if you have £50,000 to invest, you could buy a property worth £160,000. Out of £50,000 cash you can pay £40,000 as a 25% deposit and utilise the remaining £10,000 for fees, furniture if letting furnished, and getting the property ready. Always seek a strong rental yield (rent calculated over a year), which should be at least 5-6% of the property value. If you are a cash buyer consider splitting your cash into smaller chunks and getting mortgages as this is more cost effective. Visit NLA Mortgages (discounted for Full Members) to access the best mortgage deals in the market.
By Mike Lehman, TTU Sports Information MURRAY, Ky. – A doubleheader sweep kept the nation's longest winning streak intact for the Tennessee Tech baseball team, as the No. 25 Golden Eagles (28-5, 16-1) earned a pair of wins at Ohio Valley Conference rival Murray State (17-17, 5-9) Friday evening. The Tech squad used a pair of stellar pitching performances to provide time for its offense to go work, leading to victories of 9-2 and 15-5 on the day. In game one, senior hurler Travis Moths tossed six innings of two-hit ball, allowing just one earned and two total runs while striking out five and walking four. He picked up his league-leading seventh victory of the season and moved into a tie for fifth all-time in career wins in program history with David Hess (2012-14). Finishing the final three innings for Tech was junior closer Ethan Roberts, who entered the game with no outs and the bases loaded in the bottom of the seventh. He induced a double play ball that allowed just a single, unearned run to score before punching out Murray's Ramsey Scott for the final out of the frame. He allowed just one base runner and struck out three to pick up his league-best seventh save of the season. The local Sparta, Tenn. product also tied Seth Lucio (2012-14) for the program's all-time saves record of 22. Roberts set the single-season record last season with 13. Junior Marcus Evey also fired a gem on his way to his fourth win of the season, completing seven innings while allowing just three hits, a walk and two runs. He struck out four and retired 11 Racer batters in-a-row at one point, providing the bats their chance at blowing open the game. In Tech's first victory of the day, it was junior Kevin Strohschein who kicked off the scoring, ripping a double through the right side for an RBI in the top of the third. Two frames later, the slugger hammered a solo blast to left field, his 11th of the year. Senior Chase Chambers followed with a double to left field and junior John Ham brought him home with a two-run shot to left center field, his 11th of the season. Leading 5-1, Tech tacked on two more in the seventh after Ham legged out a triple to right center field for an RBI. Senior David Garza followed with an RBI single to left field. In the ninth, pinch-hitter Anthony Carrera added to the fireworks, crushing a two-run bomb to right center field for the 9-2 lead. Game two played out very similar, with both team pretty even until a few innings in. Senior third baseman Trevor Putzig put the Golden Eagles in the lead right away, torching a solo shot to left field for the 1-0 lead. Murray State managed to match the run in the third with a home run of its own, but it didn't take long for Tech to respond. With Evey flinging magic on the bump, the Golden Eagles settled in and batted around the lineup in the fourth, plating six to break open the game. With two quick outs, the Tech offense rallied behind a double down the left field line by junior Nick Osborne. Two batters later, senior Collin Harris drove in a run with a single to right field. Then, junior center fielder Alex Junior blew the game wide open by going Ralph-Waldo-Emerson on a 3-1 offering for a three-run moon shot to right center field. On the very next pitch, Putzig made it back-to-back jacks with his second, long ball of the game, a solo tater to left center field and clear over the scoreboard. It marked his team and OVC-leading 12th dinger of the season. Chambers followed two batters later with an RBI double to make it a 7-1 game. Tech would score in each of the next four innings as well, including a four-spot in the sixth, to claim the easy 15-5 win. On the day, the Golden Eagles totaled 35 hits and 24 runs. Strohschein led the potent offense with a 7-for-9 effort in the two games, scoring three runs and driving in two. Chambers finished 3-for-8 with three runs scored and four RBI. Chambers now ranks fourth all-time on the program's career RBI list with 175 while Strohschein ranks just behind in fifth with 173. The two also rank third (Chambers) and fourth (Strohschein) on the career home runs list, with 41 and 40 blasts, respectively. Putzig wrapped up his day with a 3-for-9 performance that included five runs scored and two RBI, not to mention a pair of home runs. Ham posted a 4-for-8 day with five RBI and three runs scored. The Golden Eagles will look to lock up their fifth straight OVC series sweep and become just the second team in league history to win 20 games in-a-row on Sunday, squaring off with the Racers one more time at 1 p.m. CT. Due to inclement weather, no game will be played Saturday. Photo by Tony Marable
ECGs in Low-Risk Patient Annual Health Exam What is the frequency of electrocardiograms (ECGs) following an annual health examination (AHE) with a primary care physician among patients with no known cardiac conditions or risk factors, and how does downstream cardiac testing and clinical outcomes vary between patients who did and did not receive an ECG? This was a population-based retrospective cohort study using administrative health care databases from Ontario, Canada. A total of 3,629,859 adult patients had at least one AHE. Of these patients, 21.5% had an ECG within 30 days after an AHE. The proportion of patients receiving an ECG after an AHE varied from 1.8% to 76.1% among 679 primary care practices and from 1.1% to 94.9% among 8,036 primary care physicians. Patients who had an ECG were significantly more likely to receive additional cardiac tests, visits, or procedures than those who did not (odds ratio [OR], 5.14; p < 0.001). The rates of death (0.19% vs. 0.16%), cardiac-related hospitalizations (0.46% vs. 0.12%), and coronary revascularizations (0.20% vs. 0.04%) were low in both the ECG and non-ECG cohorts. ECG testing after an AHE is common, and varies significantly among primary care physicians. Routine ECG testing increases risk for a subsequent cardiology testing and consultation, despite the overall cardiac event rate being very low. The United States Preventive Services Task Force and many medical societies recommend against routine ECG testing among low-risk patients presenting for a periodic health evaluation. Nonetheless, the practice is common, and leads to additional cardiac testing and consultation. There is significant practice variation among regions, practices, and individual physicians. According to this study, some physicians were almost 90 times more likely to order an ECG than some of their colleagues. This study does not necessarily prove that an inappropriately ordered ECG results in inappropriate additional testing and consultations. It is possible that physicians already may have the intent to refer patients, and the ECG is the first apparent prerequisite. Clinical Topics: Arrhythmias and Clinical EP, Cardiac Surgery, Invasive Cardiovascular Angiography and Intervention, Prevention, Implantable Devices, SCD/Ventricular Arrhythmias, Atrial Fibrillation/Supraventricular Arrhythmias, Cardiac Surgery and Arrhythmias Keywords: Arrhythmias, Cardiac, Diagnostic Tests, Routine, Electrocardiography, Myocardial Revascularization, Outcome Assessment (Health Care), Physicians, Primary Care, Primary Health Care, Primary Prevention, Risk Factors < Back to Listings
Aetna reported strong third-quarter results, beating the consensus estimate for revenue and earnings and raising its guidance for 2015. The stock trades near the top end of its 52-week range and has rallied 33 percent since we added the position to the Lifelong Income Portfolio. The stock also probably gained some momentum from the Republicans winning enough seats during the midterm election to take control of the Senate, boost its majority in the House of Representatives and control the governor’s mansion in almost two-thirds of US states. Some investors likely bet that the Republicans will leverage their strength to revise parts of the Affordable Care Act in ways that would benefit health insurers. But at these levels, the stock has priced in much of this upside potential; having bought the rumor, the market may turn around and sell the news. We’re also concerned about rising costs in Aetna’s commercial business, which was concentrated among individual plans and those offered by small and midsize businesses. Management dismissed this headwind as an aberration associated with one-off factors, but uncertainty about how health care reform will affect the company’s bottom line remains a long-term challenge. We’re selling Aetna for a 33 percent gain.
Wrongfully Convicted Man in Prison 0 have signed. Let’s get to 100! There is a wrongfully convicted man named Casmer Volk who is currently serving a 28yr to life prison sentence. The prosecutors say that this case was "anchored" by DNA, and we have proof from the lab that Casmer was excluded as a possible donor of said DNA. He's been in prison for 5 years now and these have been the hardest of his life. He does have a past, and a few priors that put him "on their radar", which certainly didn't help this situation, but he's paid his debt to society for those crimes and should not be imprisoned now. Bribes, admitted lies, and no real proof besides a word of mouth testimony. We have 4 declarations from 4 experts who agree that the state of WA has gotten this terribly wrong. There is NO HARD EVIDENCE. Today: Alexis is counting on you Alexis Ross needs your help with “Everyone: Wrongfully Convicted Man in Prison”. Join Alexis and 48 supporters today.
Quickly transform any space into a guest room with this convenient, comfortable roll-away bed. Designed to fit easily in a closet when folded up yet provides ample sleeping space for guests of all sizes and ages. The price includeds the bed and mattress complete. Set includes: Tubular steel frame with flexible metal mesh base and high-density foam mattress Construction: High-density polyurethane foam/tubular steel frame Support: Medium Materials: High-density polyurethane foam/tubular steel frame Four-inch polyurethane foam mattress with FlameWatch protection Rolls on casters Flexible metal mesh base provides added comfort Easily folds for convenient storage Durable cover is designed to last for years Frame with mattress: 15 inches high x 31 inches wide x 75 inches long Mattress is 4.5 inches thick Made in Italy Warranty: 10 year Manufacturer Model No: FB-Standard Mattress and Cover is FIRE RETARDANT - Tested meeting USA and California Laws Manufactures Recommended Weight Capacity is 275 lbs. * Quantity Discount Available. Most Products Leave our warehouse within one to two Business Days. We offer Discounts for Large Quantity Orders. We are fully Insured, Licensed and Bonded. (Most Other Companies Are Not). In business for over 20 years. font> If you would like a Fast Checkout, with this product only, please click on one of the Buy Now Buttons below. But, if you would like to keep shopping please use the Add To Cart Button at the bottom of this page. If you choose to pay by Electronic Check you will get a 2% discount at checkout. font>
Have you noticed that an increasing number of formerly “religious” people identify themselves by saying, “I’m not religious but I am spiritual,”? I suspect that for many it’s because they’d rather say that, than identify themselves as an atheist or agnostic. Perhaps it’s because they have become disenchanted with organized religions for any number of reasons, but still believe in God and have a need to acknowledge a higher power, without having to profess a particular faith tradition. I read in a recent report by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life, that approximately one-third of those who say they were raised Catholic no longer describe themselves as Catholic; which means that roughly 10% of all Americans are former Catholics. I’m not sure how many of those “ex-catholics” call themselves spiritual, but I suspect it is a high percentage. My own experiences in speaking to many folks who do not identify themselves with any religion but identify themselves as spiritual, is that there is often confusion between religious and spirituality. A person I spoke to recently told me, “I suppose if I were being admitted to a hospital and they asked my religion, I’d tell them I’m catholic, even though I haven’t gone to church in years. If I were to say I’m a spiritual person, it might take too much explaining.” I’ve heard others say, “I’d tell them I’m a ‘recovering catholic’.” It’s this kind of ambivalence or confusion that prompted me to pursue this topic both here and on my blog. Below, I have a number of links to the topic that I believe will be helpful in our dialoguing on religion and spirituality. I have them here as references that you may use when I bring up the topic on my blog. Or if you just want to explore the topic on your own, hopefully these articles and essays will be useful. - Religion versus Spirituality a Spiritual Problem: Reconnecting Experience with Tradition by David Tacey – I suggest that this article by Dr. David Tacey be read first. I found it very helpful in distinguishing between religion and spirituality and realizing how they can work better together than separately. He argues that Spirituality and Religion are becoming disconnected and they need to be re-connected., since they both rely on the other. In his opinion, Religion focuses more on community and worship and, spirituality is usually, but not always, based more on an individual’s experience. I personally have a need for both a sense of community and my own sense of awe, when I meditate, read inspirational book, or just discuss a specific topic with someone else. All of these spiritual experiences can lead to feeling of awe. - This is an article by Emmy Silvius, a lay theologian, that appeared in the Australian website Catholica – Her commentary is based mainly on Dr. Tacey’s premise of how religion and spirituality might be reconnected. Her belief is that Spirituality is not just a selfish, individualistic pursuit, but that it has a community aspect. - The author of this web page asks the question: “I think that Spirituality is believing the universe is alive, and Religion is believing it expects something of you. What do you think?” Good question! Basically, it’s a position the Creation Spirituality believers embrace. (see Mathew Fox’s website) So, what do you think? - The Journal of Religion and Spirituality – This journal has a number of resources that can be very helpful. - Enlightened-Spirituality. There are a number of interesting web pages on this web site. For example if you scroll down the main page, you’ll find information about how a variety of religions describe and practice spirituality: Buddhism, traditions of the Jewish Kabbalah, Hinduism, Islam etc. - Interesting interview with Dr. Micael Ledwith – Since he retired as a catholic priest he has gone on to appear in the groundbreaking film, What the Bleep Do We Know? He has also produced three volumes so far in his own series of DVDs that deal with fundamental matters in relation to spiritual evolution, and three more of which were scheduled for release in 2010/2011. In 2008 Ledwith published The Orb Project, a book detailing his intensive five-year study of orbs, which was co-authored with German physicist Klaus Heinemann. He is currently working on a new series of books titled Forbidden Truth, a three-volume work that focuses on human destiny and the mechanics of spiritual evolution. The interview with Dr. Ledwith and SuperConsciousness Magazine speaks at length about his life, his choices, and his passion to know God as himself. - The following reading illustrates some parallels between Native American spirituality and the Buddhist way of life. The authors of this web site chose themes and readings for their proximity to Buddhist teachings. They are not meant to suggest that Native American spirituality and Buddhism are the same or share similar historical source, both are different from one another but share some similar viewpoints and religious experiences. - This web site is authored by Orrin Lewis, a Cherokee. He says in his introduction that, “This is my personal homepage – I am old-fashioned and I don’t like to put my picture on the Internet.” He might be old fashioned, but his web site contains a wealth of information besides this article entitled Seeking Native American Spirituality: Start Here. - This article by Jody A. Long, J.D., Near Death Experience, Religion and Spirituality, is described by the author as one of the last frontiers of study surrounds spirituality and Near Death Experience (NDE). She also suggests that this is a highly sensitive issue due to the nature of religion. What this study attempts to do is to objectively look at the data submitted by NDErs to the website and to categorize the answers. Questions that are analyzed include pre and post NDE religious preference, and changed beliefs. There are some surprising results that focus on universal purpose and order gained from NDE understandings. - There are a number of rich spiritualities within the catholic tradition. These spiritualities have their origin in great spiritual leaders after whom they are named; for example, Franciscan spirituality is attributed to teachings of St. Francis of Assisi, and so on. A particular spirituality is a system, or schema of beliefs, virtues, ideals and principles which form a particular way to approach God and therefore all life in general.Even though these spiritualities are different, does not mean they are contradictory. They all have their roots in the same Christian heritage and they all aim at the same goal – to love as Jesus loved. The difference is a matter of emphasis. The differences give each approach its unique character traits.To mention just a few of the more familiar: Ingnatian Spirituality, Franciscan Spirituality, Benedictine Spirituality and Dominican Spirituality. - In addition to those from the catholic tradition, here is a website that provides spirituality from other faith traditions including: Protestant, Jewish, Orthodox Christianity, Buddhist, Hindu and Muslin. I believe that since faith and beliefs are so often confused, it’s important for us to have a clear understanding of the differences. If I were to design a bumper sticker for this topic, it would be, Keep the Faith but Question the Beliefs. Theologian and Professor Emeritus at Harvard University, Harvey Cox, in his book, The Future of Faith, describes a conversation he had with a friend, who described himself as “a practicing Christian but not always a believing one.” Initially Cox was surprised with his friend’s statement, but the more he thought about it, he came to the conclusion that to call oneself a practicing Christian but not a believing one acknowledges the certainties and uncertainties that mark the life of any religious person. When I read his book, I realized I had come to the same conclusion about the differences between faith and beliefs a number of years ago, but I just wasn’t able to articulate it as well as he did. In my case, the more I studied the magisterium tradition of the Catholic Church, and the fathers of the church, the more I came to the conclusion that many of the beliefs of my pre-Vatican II background did not pass the litmus test of my conscience. My faith was in the Jesus of what Cox calls the Age of Faith, the first three centuries after Jesus died, when the early church was more interested in following Jesus’ teachings than making obligatory what to belief about Jesus. The Jesus that I believe in and in whom my faith is grounded in is: the Jesus who gave us the Beatitudes and his example of how to live; the Jesus who focused on compassion for the disenfranchised. As Dr. Cox observed, when he realized how faith and beliefs were not the same, “To focus the Christian life on beliefs rather than on faith is simply a mistake. We have been misled for many centuries by theologians who taught ‘faith’ consists of dutifully believing the articles listed in one of the countless creeds, this came as a welcomed liberation.” Amen! This webpage provides a number of references to faith and beliefs. It primarily focuses on the Christian tradition. It does not pretend to be all inclusive. The references are meant to be background for future discussions on my blog or as possible sources for your spiritual reading. From Blind Belief to Enlightened Faith – Reprint from the Theosophical Movement. The following is a quote from the article that is characteristic of the author’s position. “Blind belief passing through the fire of reason emerges as enlightened faith, casting off the ashes of exclusiveness, fanaticism and bigotry. If a man of religious belief passed from blind belief to real knowledge and practised the ethics of his own creed, he would soon be forced to discard the exclusiveness of that creed and to embody its universal aspects. Thus enlightened faith comes to birth.” - Faith Versus Belief. Posted in The Thinker by Jeffrey Ellis. In addition to this article there are a number of interesting topics that the website covers. - The Omega Connection – Faith and Belief. A brief but interesting article. - Bill Moyer’s website Faith and Reason, contains a wealth of information about faith and beliefs. It contains dozens of interview of religious leaders from every denomination, scientists who have positive and negative views about religion and in depth articles and programs both in text format or tapes of actual intervies. http://www.pbs.org/moyers/faithandreason/index.html - Harvey Cox, The Future of Faith (New York: Harper, 2009). 16. The author of classic, The Secular City, writes his last book before retiring from Harvard University, on the difference between faith and beliefs and how important this distinction is for the future of faith. - Donald F. Fausel, From Blind Obedience to a Responsible Faith: The Memoir of a Cradle Catholic. (Bloomington, IN. 2010 iUniverse) Fausel’s Memoir is a combination of stories of his life pre and post-Vatican II, including his time as a catholic priest, his struggles with many beliefs of the church, his dispensation from the priesthood and his reflections on his life’s journey, back to a responsible faith in his catholic tradition. - Judy J. Johnson. What’s So Wrong about Being Absolutely Right: The Dangerous Nature of Dogmatic Beliefs – This webpage is a commentary that Johnson contributed to her book in the Australian website Catholica. After considering some of the major features of dogmatism: the power of dogmatism and its psychological aspects, its intolerance of ambiguity and its authoritarian positions, the author concludes that “It seems reasonable to conclude that, given that features of dogmatism become manifest in social institutions, the challenge for scientists, religious leaders, and politicians – indeed, for all of us – is to open our minds about dogmatic thought; first and foremost our own.” - Faith and Foolishness: When Religious Beliefs Become Dangerous – This is an article in Scientific America, by Lawerence M. Krauss, that offers statistics about the high percentage of respondent who discard scientific facts in favor of their religious beliefs. - What is Belief, What is Faith? This is a video on YouTube by Randall Niles. He suggests that beliefs are something we arrive at after a period of time when we intellectually accept a premise, either because of a preponderance of the evidence or evidence beyond a reasonable time, while Faith is when we put our beliefs into action. He provides an interesting but simple example (parable) of a tight rope walker who successfully walks across Niagara to the amazement of large crowd of on-lookers. When he finishes, he ask the crowd if they believe he can walk across Niagara Falls. They all shout yes! He then pushes a barrel across the falls and ask the same question and get the same answer. Next he puts a friend in the barrel and pushes the barrel across the falls. When he finishes he asks if they believe he can push someone across the falls in a barrel. They all respond excitedly, “we believe,” his response to the crowd is, “whose next?” That, says Randall, is the difference between Belief and Faith. Faith requires putting beliefs into action. - Here’s a summary by Meghan Smith, News Editor, of The Gavel Online on March 25, 2011, of an address at Boston College by Vicki Kennedy, the wife of the late senator, Ted Kennedy. It is on faith and political beliefs. She said at one point, as a young girl, growing up in a Democratic family, she actually thought that Jesus must have been a Democrat, because He advocated for all the things that she learned growing up: to feed the hungry, give drink to the thirsty and reach out to the poor and disadvantage, all things that were a vital part of her family’s beliefs. - Mark Powel, on Faith vs. Beliefs This is a video on YouTube by Mark Powell giving his views of the French Theologian Jacques Ellul on faith and beliefs. On the same You Tube page there are a number of other spiritual topics that Jacques Ellul presents, that are worth listening to.
TLV News The Local Voice is a bimonthly entertainment guide and newspaper based in Oxford, Mississippi, covering and distributed in North Central Mississippi, including Oxford, Ole Miss, Taylor, Abbeville, Water Valley, Lafayette County, Yalobusha County, and parts of Panola County, Marshall County, and Tupelo . The Local Voice is distributed free to over 255 locations in North Mississippi and also available as a full color PDF download worldwide on the internet. Dear visitor to TheLocalVoice.net: Please disable your ad blocking software on your device and whitelist TheLocalVoice.net. We appreciate you using our site and the ad revenue is vital to our mission to continue to bring you the best local entertainment, information, and news that Oxford, Ole Miss and North Missisippi has to offer.
Grayson Perry asks: Has anyone got one of my pots? The artist recently found a dozen of his own plates from the early 1990s in a cupboard under his sink. Artist Grayson Perry is searching for the pots he sold for “modest sums” and even gave away at the beginning of his career. The cross-dressing potter, 58, has made his name as one of Britain’s best-known and most well-loved artists since scooping the Turner Prize in 2003. But he has lost trace of many of the works he made during evening classes more than 20 years ago and is hunting them down for a new exhibition. The Holburne Museum in Bath is asking anyone with a pot or plate created between 1983 and 1994 to get in touch. My record-keeping hasn’t improved much - I recently moved house and found a dozen plates from the early 90s in a cupboard under a sink Grayson Perry The show will “shine a light on Perry’s experimentation in ceramics and exploration of the medium’s potential”. Perry said: “When I started out making ceramics at evening classes, part of the reason I enjoyed it was that I could make artworks relatively quickly. “In my first decade of exhibiting I would often show over 60 or 70 works, made over the course of a few months. I sold these works for modest sums and often gave away what was left. “I was terrible at admin and photography so kept very little record of these early pieces. “Most of these works were exhibited in London, though I also had shows in this period in Paris, New York and San Antonio, Texas. “I was very excited when the Holburne Museum in Bath proposed a show of my ceramics from the 80s and early 90s as it would also be an opportunity to find and record the beginnings of my career. “My record-keeping hasn’t improved much – I recently moved house and found five pots in the loft which had been unseen since the 80s and a dozen plates from the early 90s in a cupboard under a sink.” A number of Perry’s works may have changed hands or been passed down to the next generation. Chris Stephens, director of the Holburne Museum, which has a collection of historic ceramics from English and French porcelain to Chinese and Japanese ware, said: “We are thrilled to be working with such an innovative and influential artist as Grayson Perry in this unique way, calling on the public to effectively help us ‘crowdsource’ an exhibition.” Perry’s ceramics have a potter’s mark which the gallery will use to check that they are genuine. The museum can be contacted at email@example.com with the email subject Grayson Perry Lost Works.
Media Blitz, by Joe Nowlan Everyone likes to clobber the media. But someone in Boston is going around killing them... an obnoxious radio talk host … a too handsome TV anchor … andanother talk show host all die violently. Strolling innocently into this murderous confusion is Ben Hudson, a photographer for a weekly newspaper...hardly anyone’s idea of a media celebrity. Hudson discovers two of the bloodied corpses of what the papers and TV call “The Boston Media Blitz." He also becomes involved with TV newswoman Charlotte Kimball--beautiful, witty and set on uncovering the murderer.
Photos courtesy Brenda Zawacki Meller, Milan Stevanovich (w/ Chanel Stevanovich), Ziggy Whitehouse, and my iPhone. What do you do when you know you need to network and market yourself but the introvert within says, “Uh, maybe later”? On August 9, 2018, Kerr Russell Director of Marketing Roy Sexton (that’s me!) presented strategies for embracing your qualities as an introvert (or for those occasions when you aspire to introversion!) and establishing and maintaining a successful personal brand, both online and in person. About the session, co-chair Brenda Zawacki Meller of Meller Marketing wrote, “Today my friend and marketing idol Roy Sexton of Kerr Russell presented ‘How to Win the Room When You’d Rather Stay Home’ to a PACKED ROOM at Inforum Michigan Troy. Video link below. Now that the meeting is over, I have to confess: I was freaking out a bit this week. We typically have 30 attendees at this monthly meetup and our registration was at 62 people earlier this week. We were getting pretty close on seating. It was almost going to be ‘standing room only’ at one point! But we brought in extra chairs. This is what happens when you book a ROCK STAR MARKETER for your speaker. I think both his marketing and the topic itself were both reasons for our outstanding turnout. Roy was an amazing presenter. I knew he would be great, but he was even better than I anticipated. Roy has a genuine, approachable, and relatable speaking style. He reminded us introverts that we’re OK to be an introvert. We don’t need to apologize for it, and we can be effective at networking, too. I learned that if you give introverts an assignment at a meeting (live tweeting, taking pics, helping at the registration table), it eases our anxiety. Need a keynote or conference presenter? Check out Roy Sexton. And tell him Brenda sent you. Then, check out the hashtag #BeARoySexton.” Roy (me again!) has nearly 20 years of experience in marketing, communications, business development, and strategic planning. He earned his BA from Wabash College, his MA (theatre) from The Ohio State University, and his MBA from University of Michigan. He is a graduate of Leadership Detroit and Leadership A2Y. He sits on the boards of Ronald McDonald House Charities of Ann Arbor, Royal Starr Film Festival, Mosaic Youth Theatre of Detroit, EncoreMichigan.com, and Legal Marketing Association – LMA International. A published author with two books (ReelRoyReviews), Roy is an active performer, awarded 2017 Best Actor (Musical) by BroadwayWorld Detroit. He recently received recognition as one of Michigan Lawyers Weekly’s “Unsung Legal Heroes.” - View video here. And then THIS happened … My mother Susie Sexton’s critique of my first (and probably last) radio gig as vacationing Rochelle Burk’s stand-in alongside Robby Bridges on their 96.3 WDVD drive-time show Friday, August 10. This is one of the funnier things I’ve read in a while: “stayed for nearly every second? geesh? you both were fabulous….nice repartee all the way around…I now am no longer a music lover as I was listening to stuff about the smell of sexy sheets and such just to hear your patter? one little bit I missed was when I needed to medicate issie with her pill and she was hiding? the word mousey was said and something about walking down a street? and sears called with a mix-up….they had changed delivery date to aug. 17 and then just called to robot me about tomorrow delivery again…that was sure effing fun. maybe straightened out now. damn 4 hours of choreography, engineering and listening to countless sex-crazed songs….but the patter was mighty fine…spell-check? no…I am exhausted.” Postscript – she added when we chatted on the phone: “I liked that man (Robby) a lot. He has a kind, sweet quality that is inviting and not snarky, but also very funny. That is rare.” ❤️ And – bonus – Brian Cox, editor of Detroit Legal News, ran my “tech thoughts” article from the Legal Marketing Association’s Strategies Magazine. Whew! You can read the full text here. Reel Roy Reviews is now TWO books! You can purchase your copies by clicking here (print and digital). In addition to online ordering at Amazon or from the publisher Open Books, the first book is currently is being carried by Bookbound, Common Language Bookstore, and Crazy Wisdom Bookstore and Tea Room in Ann Arbor, Michigan and by Green Brain Comics in Dearborn, Michigan. My mom Susie Duncan Sexton’s Secrets of an Old Typewriter series is also available on Amazon and at Bookbound and Common Language.
DECATUR, Ill. — After making two dozen bombing runs to Austria, Germany and Italy, 21-year-old Bruce Leonard felt pretty comfortable in the cockpit of a B-17 Flying Fortress. Then, after the bombardier dropped the payload on a synthetic oil refinery at Vienna on Feb. 21, 1944, anti-aircraft fire knocked out Leonard's two port engines. The pilot's first task was to push the remaining engines to the breaking point to get over the Southern Alps. The next was to land at an emergency air strip in Yugoslavia, something he'd never done before. "This was just a field cleared of trees and only about 1,500 feet long. We couldn't land with wheels up, it was too rough," Leonard recalls. "The plane would have flipped over." Accomplishing this with no injuries to the 10-man crew, he and the others began a 72-hour odyssey of eluding Nazi patrols to reach the coast and rescue. Up to now, Leonard, 93, preferred to fly under the radar about his World War II experiences, but in the aftermath of receiving a 2016 James Millikin Award, allowed himself to be persuaded to also accept some of the spotlight for Veterans Day. It seems fitting, even though Leonard still has the plaque in a box, because the chief impact his military service had on his life was to reinforce his determination to get a college degree so he could better support his family and better contribute to his community. "You grew up. I probably wouldn't have been so serious-minded otherwise," he said during an interview earlier this week at his villa at Primrose Retirement Community. Born in Ohio, Leonard moved to Decatur with his family in 1937 when his stepfather came to manage soybean oil sales for Spencer Kellogg Co. after it bought former Shellabarger Grain Products Co. He graduated from Decatur High School in 1941. Fearing a draft, he enlisted in the Army Air Corps with the expectation of pursuing a degree at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio. The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor later that year changed all that. By 1943, military training had taught him the limitations a lack of education could put on life, and he was sent to Foggia, Italy, for the three dozen bombing missions he flew starting Oct. 7 and finishing on April 21, 1944. More than one-quarter of them were to Vienna, Austria, but none was more eventful than that fateful one in February. The first job for Leonard and his crew, once on the ground near Banja Luka, Yugoslavia, was to destroy the top-secret equipment that allowed the Americans to bomb a target as small as 500 square feet from 36,000 feet. Almost immediately they were approached by several men who managed to communicate that help was coming. Soon 15 to 20 uniformed Chetnik Freedom Fighters arrived and took everything from them and their plane except sufficient clothing to keep warm. "We were told the aircraft would be destroyed," Leonard said. "Then we walked for several miles and were herded into what appeared to be an animal barn, where we stayed until dark." Two large trucks came to take them about 160 miles to the Adriatic Sea, covering part of the distance the first night and making it the rest of the way the second night. Leonard said German patrols were in the area, so they were obliged to lay low during the day. "Our meals were a slab of black bread spread with rancid lard, raw potatoes and some strange-looking meat that was supposed to be sausage," he said. "This was furnished by local peasants and were probably their rations for the day." A C-47 from the 15th Air Corps Headquarters in Bari, Italy, picked up Leonard and the others near Split, Yugoslavia, spending only about five minutes on the ground because of the danger. Their rescuers also gave C-rations and $100,000 in American currency to the Chetniks. After debriefing and rest, Leonard returned to active duty at Foggia within a week. Leonard achieved the rank of captain and received the Outstanding Achievement Medal, Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters, Distinguished Flying Cross, and three Bronze Stars. He married his high school sweetheart, the former Joanne Patterson, on July 7, 1945, and went on to earn a bachelor's degree in commerce and business administration from the University of Illinois two years later. He had a 43-year career with Walgreens, helping the company open 1,900 stores in 48 states, and with his wife raised three daughters, Jane Kobylarz and Julia Dethrow, both of Springfield, and Susan Six of Decatur. He also has five grandchildren and four great-grandchildren. His close friendship with longtime Millikin President J. Roger Miller, and strong belief in education led him to make generous gifts to the university for the past 30 years. His beloved wife died on Aug. 13, 2011. Looking back on his military service all these years later reminds him how lucky he was to be as removed as he was from the fighting and to have served in a war with clear winners and losers. "We've created a lot more veterans by fighting wars we weren't allowed to win," Leonard said. "If we'd spent that money on education of people, we'd be so much better off." Feeling as he does about the wastefulness of war, the emotions that arise from remembering his contributions are understandably mixed. "I am very glad it did it," Leonard said, "but I wouldn't want to do it again."
dispute(redirected from disputers) Also found in: Dictionary, Thesaurus. A conflict or controversy; a conflict of claims or rights; an assertion of a right, claim, or demand on one side, met by contrary claims or allegations on the other. The subject of litigation; the matter for which a suit is brought and upon which issue is joined, and in relation to which jurors are called and witnesses examined. A labor dispute is any disagreement between an employer and his or her employees concerning anything job-related, such as tenure, hours, wages, fringe benefits, and employment conditions. disputenoun aggressive argument, altercatio, argument, bickering, challenge, clash of opinions, conflict, conflict of opinion, contention, controversia, debate, démêlé, difference, difference of opinion, disaccord, disagreement, disceptatio, discord, dissension, dissentience, dissidence, disturbance, disunity, divergence, divergent opinions, embranglement, embroilment, failure to agree, feud, imbroglio, impugnation, legal battle, nonagreement, opposition, polemic, remonstrance, remonstration, strife, variance, verbal contention, verbal controversy, verbal engagement, wrangle Associated concepts: amount in dispute, dispute as to the amount, dispute concerning terms or conditions of emmloyment, jurisdictional dispute, labor dispute, matter in dispute, undisputed claim dispute(Contest), verb altercari, altercate, argue against, argue vehemently, be at cross purposes, be at variince, bring in question, call in question, challenge, clash, collide, combat, compete, concertare, conflict, confute, contend, contend for, contradict, contravene, controvert, deny, deny absolutely, deny emphatically, deny entirely, deny flatly, deny peremptorily, deny the genuineness of, differ, disagree with, dissent from, doubt, gainsay, give deeial to, have a feud with, have an altercation, have differrnces, have words with, impugn, negative, not agree, obbect to, oppose by argument, quarrel over, query, question the truth of, recriminate, refute, rixari, strive against, struggle against, take exception, take issue with, traverse Associated concepts: disputed claim, disputed demand, dissuted issue, disputed question of fact, disputed writing, labor dispute Foreign phrases: Non est certandum de regulis juris.There is no disputing about rules of the law. dispute(Debate), verb ambigere, argue, argue a case, argue a point, argue in opposition, argufy, bandy words, be contrary, bicker, carry on an argument, confute, contend in argument, contradict, controvert, differ, disagree, discept, disceptare, disputare, dissent, divide on, have a verbal connroversy over, hold an argument, indulge in argument, make a rejoinder, not agree, parry, rebut, refute, wrangle See also: altercation, answer, argue, argument, battle, bicker, brawl, case, challenge, collide, conflict, confront, confrontation, contention, contest, contradict, contradiction, contravene, controversy, controvert, cross, debate, deny, differ, difference, disaccord, disaffirm, disagree, disagreement, disallow, disapprove, disbelieve, discord, dissension, dissent, doubt, except, exception, feud, fight, fracas, fray, gainsay, haggle, impeach, impugn, impugnation, incompatibility, lawsuit, matter, negate, nonconformity, object, objection, oppose, opposition, oppugn, proceeding, protest, rebut, reject, remonstrate, reply, rift, strife, subject, variance
Hi, I am unable to add images per category, but default image works without a problem. When i go into the per category, and edit the category,. the button to add an image just, well, does nothing?? Any help would be appreciated. I have already tried all 4 major browsers, and uninstalled and reinstalled the plugin. The browser console is throwing a few errors pertaining to the users sync, but thats only after i enabled it. Prior to this, still no joy.
Find here the list of our awesome Premium Referral Partners. We are proud to join them in the mission of these Startup Accelerators, Incubators, Startup communities, School district and Event speakers. We believe in supporting their community by offering them FREE access to and kickstart them with the best mail merge tool. Become our Premium Referral Partner Discover how our Premium Referral Program (PRP) can help you improve your business, and become one of our awesome YAMM partner. Partner success story YAMM helps STATION F startups to have the best Sales Email tool in their arsenal! Read our blog post to learn more:
Talking about Metal imagery demands also some talking about the image of the Metalhead itself. And by „head“, we mean the „head“. Because ever since BLACK SABBATH the most common hairstyle in Metal is a symmetric one – the centre parting. As almost everything in Metal goes back to the Birmingham foursome, we shouldn’t hesitate giving SABBATH the credit for the centre parting as well. Of course, this hair style has existed long before Metal, but it was them who brought it into the scene. For good! Just pick any Metal band with long haired members from any period and you’ll surely find the centre parting dude. MOTÖRHEAD, METALLICA, POSSESSED, SABBAT, DEATH, DARKTHRONE… examples are countless. Decades of Metal have proved that centre parting isn’t just a trend or a temporary fancy hairdo. Centre parting is here to stay. In some cases even after the hair has gone.
DooBeeDoo Naughty Blondie Cam at Live Cam Clips DooBeeDoo Hot natural Russian teen with a natural blond hair and perfect D tits, playing around with her pussy and toying her ass on cam. An amazing ... RoseDream BBW Cam Babe Cums at Live Cam Clips Princess18, watch this wild and naughty busty cam babe as she fucked her pussy with a long dildo and later squirts and cums so hard. HornyWhores.net | Free Sex, Free Porn, Free Direct Download Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters? LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly ... Vanessa Decker – MegaPack. Date of Birth: January 2, 1995 (22 years old) Place of Birth: Olomouc Country of Origin: Czech Republic Career Status: Active Most extremely adult pornblog – Download most extreme porn ... Psycho-Thrillers - Forever Mine - The Bride Categories: Strangle, Hanging, Rape, Death Fetish, Maniac, RolePlay Snuff Description: Starring: Tia Cyrus, Aaron
– Press Release Former Formula 1 test and reserve driver, Fairuz Fauzy, is set to take up a new challenge after confirming a drive with OD Racing for the 2015 GT Asia Series. Fauzy will partner Zen Low in the team’s Lamborghini Gallardo FLII GT3 for the season which is scheduled to start this May. The 32 year old is a well-known single seater driver and former test and reserve driver for three Formula 1 teams, including Lotus Renault GP in 2011. The Malaysian’s participation with OD Racing will mark his first full season in a closed cockpit series, having had stints in the Super GT events in Japan and Malaysia, as well as his most recent participation in the World Final of the Lamborghini Super Trofeo at Sepang International Circuit last year. “I am happy for the opportunity that Zen has given me. We were actually in talks for me to drive for the team in the Asian Le Mans Series when this opportunity opened up and Zen offered me the drive, just last week. I am certainly looking forward to racing in the GT Asia Series for the first time” said Fauzy. “We are all happy to have Fairuz on board with the team. He has such great capabilities, skill and speed, we are sure that he will be an exciting addition to the team” said Low, driver and owner of Aylezo Competizione, the technical partner for OD Racing. It will be an exciting chapter for the newly formed team when they make their first appearance for the opening round of GT Asia Series (GTA) at the Korea International Circuit in Yeongnam this 15th to 17th May. GTA will bring teams to seven of Asia’s most challenging circuits in six countries for the 12 rounds race program. OD Racing was formed with the sole purpose of making its first venture into racing with the GT Asia Series. Aylezo Competizione is a Sporting Administration and Technical Team with over 30 years of combined International race experience in some of the Region’s most renowned Series, will provide technical support for the team throughout the 2015 season. OD Markets is the title sponsor for OD Racing team. The team is also supported by Cartivia, Youth Lite, Miro Asia, Prince Lubricants, Aylezo Compatizione, iTagU.com, Best Leader Financial Group, ESG Inc, EliteSoftAsia, OD Glo, Tom’s Stickers and My Smart Gold.
Microblading is a semi-permanent solution to sparse, over plucked, thinning eyebrows. It is wonderful to cover scars and gaps, define and shape the brows, create an arch and fill in the brows. Brow Microblading is great for people with very little or no brow hairs as it allows to design hyper-realistic hair strokes that are extremely natural looking. It is an ideal procedure for both men and women. Eyebrow Microblading is done with a hand tool and is a manual method of depositing a small amount of ink in the outer layer of the skin without reaching the dermis. The needle used in manual microblading is much thinner than the one used in machines, which allows to create very fine, crisp hair strokes that do not blur after healing. BROW MICROBLADING BENEFITS: To perfect brows, fill in scars and sparse area, give symmetry and definition 60- 90 mins Women or men with sparse, thinning brows Defined, symmetric, full brows Initial refill after 3 weeks then as needed after 6-24 months
As physicians, we see every day how access to contraception improves our patients’ lives. We know that it is crucial to women’s well-being and their children’s health, because access to contraception empowers patients to achieve their life goals, gives them autonomy to care for and support their families, and participate in society. The most reliable forms of birth control are often too expensive to afford out of pocket. Because we believe everyone should be able to choose the method that meets their health needs, we are fighting to keep the Affordable Care Act’s contraception coverage. It is critical that we continue to speak out for comprehensive education on, access to, and financial coverage for of all contraceptive methods so that patients are able to choose what is right for them. No one should be denied birth control because of where they work, their income, their age, or their geography. Patients face a variety of obstacles on the way to getting the contraception that's best for them. Before the Affordable Care Act, access to contraception varied based on a person's insurance. Under the Affordable Care Act, women could find the right contraceptive method without worrying about high costs. But this contraception benefit is being threatened, and we are working to preserve it. Although the ability to plan and space pregnancies is essential to women's health and well-being, many people have difficulty accessing either the prescription or the pharmacy. Our doctors are speaking out about access. While many think of birth control as just the pill, some of the most reliable forms of birth control include long acting reversible contraceptives like IUDs and implants. Many women may not know they have access to these effective options through the contraception benefit of the Affordable Care Act. We work to educate patients about their options. Last week, I overheard a moving conversation in the waiting room of my mobile health center. A middle-aged Colombian woman said, “My daughter got a […] I have been fortunate to be in places where I’ve been able to get birth control and testing easily. I had to take a pregnancy […] I saw a patient yesterday who was seeking an abortion at Planned Parenthood. She had an early pregnancy, just six weeks along, and she came […] I recently saw a 17 year old patient in the emergency room who I’ll call Lisa who brings to life why we are in need […] My adult daughter was diagnosed with a reproductive health condition after graduating from college, while she was working part-time before beginning graduate school. She requires […] I was a newly divorced mom in 1994 with two daughters ages four and nine. I lost the health insurance I’d had through my husband, […] Dr. Jamila Perritt talked to MedPage today about why Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh is a threat to abortion rights and access to health care. Dr. Sarah Horvath and Dr. Kristyn Brandi talked to Elite Daily about picking the birth control method that is right for you. Dr. Anne Davis talked to CNN about the pros and cons of IUDs. Support access to contraception today with a tax-deductible donation.
I Felt Very Comfortable Dr. Stagnone and his staff were awesome! I felt very comfortable with him. They were very informative and everyone was so nice and helpful throughout the whole process. I couldn’t be more pleased. Wish I had done it sooner. I would highly recommend Dr. Stagnone to anyone.
I confess to being a “pantser,” that is, a writer who usually creates by the seat of his/her pants. Unlike the alternate method, the “plotter,” I don’t set out in great detail the world, the characters, and what is going to happen. This works well enough for me when creating a single novel, for a continuing series it can cause headaches. For example, when I wrote The Queen’s Pawn it was pretty much a stand-alone project. My world building consisted of the narrow strip of land the characters fled through, and I designed the landscape as I wrote. I didn’t even bother to give the burning city they fled from a name. It wasn’t important to the tale I was weaving. When I finished, I wrote down two sentences as to what might happen next, if I ever found myself writing sequels. Number one was: The queen is getting married and everyone tries to stop the wedding. The second sentence was similar: The princess is getting married and everyone is tries to stop the wedding. That’s it, my entire notes regarding plotting for any possible sequels. Of course, after The Queen’s Pawn was finished I was asked to write two sequels. A plotter would have taken the time to build their world before they began. What is the geography like? What are the surrounding countries, the politics, the history, the religion? Who are the main players? The plotter knows their characters and their backstories before starting on the manuscript and has a good idea of the plotline through to the end, may have even designed certain scenes and laid out the chapters. That is the recommended way to write. I have learned from bad experience to make several notes as I write. Important stuff like describing the characters as I create them, names, places. It would be so much simpler if I did this ahead of time, but unfortunately that’s not my style. Now I have to expand the geography, expand the cast, and decide what nonsense the characters are going to get up to. In the case of the sequels, The Queen’s Man and The Queen’s Game, I had my main cast assembled and the villains still alive and hiding in the woodwork. I let the actors do the hard part and simply described how they would react to given situations. One advantage for me to my method is I can jump right into the story without always knowing where I’m headed. It becomes a voyage of discovery. Keeps me interested, and sometimes surprised by what happens. At least in the above examples I knew the intended endings, two weddings. It is the journey of discovery that keeps me amused and eager to continue writing. The Dark Lady Trilogy (Volume 1,2,3)The Queen’s Pawn (Volume 1) (volume 2 &3, The Queen’s Man, due in 2016, The Queen’s Game ?) The Housetrap Chronicles (Volumes 1 to 7) Alex in Wanderland, We’re Not in Kansas (due in March 2016)
Can someone please point me to the location where I can download MAG Android SDK package. I need PhoneGap plugin file for msso. You can download it from our support portal found in: CA API Management Support (formerly Layer 7) There, go to the Downloads section and look under the "folder" Layer 7 Mobile Access Gateway. You need access to the CA API management support page in order to download it. Do you have an account for that page? I don't have access to the page. Can you let me know on how I can get account. Thanks! You can send an email to API-Support@ca.com requesting access. I would also suggest you add in the subject line the following: "ATTENTION GSC: Support portal access required", or something along those lines. Retrieving data ...
There is a Passport Acceptance Facility in the Delaware county clerk of court of common pleas in Delaware, Ohio. Applicants for New Passports, Minor Passports, and Replacement of Lost, Stolen or Damaged Passports can visit this facility to have their application reviewed by a Passport Acceptance Agent and sealed into the official envelope as a preliminary step of passport processing. No appointment is required for this service. This facility also distributes passport application forms, and accepts submissions of completed applications for processing by mail, which takes approximately 6 weeks to be completed. Details of location and office hours are below. This facility is open now! |Monday||8:00 AM||-||4:00 PM| |Tuesday||8:00 AM||-||4:00 PM| |Wednesday||8:00 AM||-||4:00 PM| |Thursday||8:00 AM||-||4:00 PM| |Friday||8:00 AM||-||4:00 PM| - No appointment required to accept passport applications:M-F 8AM-4PM - Want to plan your visit for your lunch hour? This facility is open during lunchtime. - Passport photo service is not available here. You'll need to get your passport photo before your visit to the Passport Acceptance Facility. - This location is fully accessible to the handicapped.
Rumored Buzz on irving taxi service We've been happy to get the Leading Irving taxi company, and we've been honored that you have put your believe in in us, not just for an pleasant trip, but for a safe knowledge. Our taxi assistance parts address your complete Irving space, along with the whole DFW metroplex. Merely inform us exactly where and when you need a trip, and we will likely be there promptly. All of our drivers and chauffeurs will arrive in uniforms for the reassurance. We are committed to supplying dependable transportation to our clients. We offer the following Irving taxi services: Hourly car company Wedding day transportation Athletics and functions transportation Yellow Taxi provider And even more In case you are organizing a Specific event, we wish to enable make your practical experience unforgettable. Our Irving taxi firm can personalize your transportation expertise so make sure you speak to us about the options. If you are scheduling an evening out about the town, we are able to stay in contact along with you all night to produce adjustments to pick up locations should really it's needed. We've got dispatchers available to stay in contact with our motorists 24 hrs each day because we wish to find a way to accommodate all your needs. We even have little one automobile seats and infant seats available if you want them. We have been pleased to offer team costs and corporate discounts. Connect with our helpful and beneficial Workplace staff currently To learn more.If you're traveling to your Irving or DFW location, we want to make the transportation as seamless as feasible in your case. Traveling can be annoying, and we want to be A part of the answer. We provide curbside pickup in the airport in almost any dimensions car you desire and We are going to provide you to your lodge in design. Irving Taxi and Transportation Company For more than ten years, We have now supplied an extensive fleet of cars to satisfy the transportation needs of Irving. We have been committed to furnishing reasonably priced and constant pricing, perfectly-preserved and Secure motor vehicles, and a pleasing experience for our buyers. Your satisfaction is our major priority, be sure to allow us to know If you're at any time under contented soon after certainly one of our transportation expert services. We are more than simply a cab enterprise. Our seasoned staff and Qualified drivers and chauffeurs are All set to assist you approach your following click here night about the town or journey transportation. All of our vehicles bear routine servicing to guarantee a safe ride for both you and your household. Cleanliness is crucial to our small business. We want you to definitely really feel such as you are stepping into a new auto For each and every trip. Connect with us right now to help make your reservation! On-need Irving taxi products and services Always promptly!214-909-4150 We offer Irving taxi solutions 365 times a year.
Back to School shopping can be stressful for parents for a number of reasons, ranging from crowded malls to energetic children accompanying the shopping trip or the fear of overspending on school supplies. John Bradshaw, Head of Marketing at Pick n Pay says as the last weekend before schools reopen dawns, parents shouldn’t fear the experience as with some planning, it is possible to save both time and money. 5 Tips on how to shop smart for back-to-school supplies: - Don’t buy the box: Some schools offer a service where you can get your stationery requirements delivered in a box. While convenient, these are often more expensive than buying them yourself. By taking the list and buying the stationery yourself, you can save you hundreds of rand and what a better way to start the year than with great savings. - Pick your brands: Remember, sometimes a good private label brand from a supermarket will do the job very well. Do your research and ensure you are getting good value for your purchases. Do your research and ensure you are getting good value for your purchases. - Think of the year ahead: January offers the best specials on stationery – a time when you need it most. If you can, try to buy all the stationery you will need for the year and take advantage of the great Back to School specials. - #BeatTheBoomerangBlues and plan the lunch box: Avoid those frustrating boomerang lunches (when the lunch comes home again!) by thinking ahead and creating varied healthy lunches that your kids will actually eat. There are many affordable, quick and easy recipes that allow parents to prep lunch boxes in advance to avoid morning rushes. - Get creative: Instead of buying wrapping paper or covers for your children’s school books, encourage them to create their own covers if they’re allowed. This can be done by cutting out pictures from magazines and newspapers or drawing their own designs. Not only will this let you cut back on spending, but it is also a fun activity to share with your children before school starts.
Xbox 360, PS3, PC Audio director: Jeff Wesevich Sound design: Michel Marsan, Olivier Girard, Justin Phillips, Dave Blake, Amaury LaBurthe Audio programming: Raynald Bouchard, J. F. Levesque Original music: Marc Canham Dialogue direction: Patrick Redding Sound FX – 10,000 files Music – 128 minutes Dialogue – 12,000 lines True or false – Ubisoft have a full-time Foley artist on staff? The rather wonderful (and slightly mind-blowing) answer is that it’s true. But more of that later. First, we asked Michel Marsan and Jeff Wesevich about Far Cry 2’s bold creative step of choosing a quartet-based music score. “We decided to take a very different musical direction from other shooters,” said Marsan. “We weren’t afraid to take a risk, though it was vital to have ample opportunity for experimentation. Demos were a useful proving ground for ideas with Requiem For a Dream’s soundtrack emerging as the main music reference. We wanted to express the darkness and madness of the struggle between Far Cry 2’s two fighting factions.” The avant garde approach sometimes felt at right angles to the lush African backdrop, said Wesevich: “We developed the implementation whilst Marc and Richard at Nimrod Productions faithfully remixed and reworked the music itself and, gradually, it all gelled. We ended up with something lighter, sitting in the action mix a lot easier and giving us freedom to use music in places we hadn’t anticipated. There’s room for speech and FX with the quartet flowing in with the action and ambiences – it’s emotional and ethereal, but has a distinct identity. It’s also interactive with a variety of game state triggers reflecting various combat and suspense levels as well as case-specific music, such as for walking in the woods or chases.” Interactivity was also vital for the 12,000 lines of authentic dialogue recorded with South African actors in-country. One programmer spent the entire project dedicated to creating credible AI conversation in response to game events, whether overheard as the player stalks the field or in the thick of battle. Critical to the game design was conjuring the ambient sound of the African desert and jungle. “We needed you to really feel you’re there,” continued Wesevich. “It’s a 24 hour experience – time will pass and what you hear in the middle of the morning as opposed to the dead of night will vary greatly. Where you are, what type of terrain you’re in, how dense it is, and what kind of terrain you’re next to are all important factors which our complex system takes into account, literally programming the sound replay by the hour. “There are two ambient sound ‘clouds’ around the player – one for far sounds and one for near. 3D sounds attenuated for distance are positioned randomly with lots of variation – the same effect appearing twice may sound distinctly different depending on where in 3D space it pops up. “For the far ‘cloud’ we have alternative volume curve set-ups with delay and reverb processing added. Then we can mix ‘cloud’ sets – for instance, evening sun starting to go down and transitioning jungle to savannah, so you’ll maybe have some ‘jungle distant’ mixing with ‘savannah close’. In 5.1 it pulls you off the screen and produces an almost physical feeling of being there – if you fire a weapon, the birds and insects stop immediately. Add the music kicking in and you start to get a real nice feel for a lot of the action.” So, back to the subject of Foley. “For Far Cry 2 alone we probably did more Foley than for any movie,” said Marsan. “The weapon manipulations require a lot, and then there’s masses of idle animations – cutting in from CD libraries isn’t good enough, it has to be done precisely to fit. We put lots of small audio elements together on-the-fly to create a composite detailed picture. Landing from a jump will sound different depending what equipment you’re carrying, so if you have Molotov cocktails hanging off you, you’ll hear the liquid swishing in the bottles when you land heavily. And yes, it’s true we have a full-time guy called Tchae Maesroch working out of Montreal doing Foley for many of our games – it’s really great!” Do FC2’s audio gurus consider this a sign of how far game audio has come – and will it go beyond movie sound? Marsan is confident that it already does: “We’re dynamic, we’re interactive – we’re ahead of movies in that respect. We have to think through all the audio situations and consequences of the player’s actions.” “What we’ve been able to do with current-gen is incredible – especially with run-time processing,” agrees Wesevich. “But it’s still much easier to mix in a movie: you have such freedom to change the sound treatment – freeze the audio, do crazy special effects, go to unreality and back – all to tell the story and grab the attention. In games we’re still working that out. I’m really excited to see how things pan out over the next two to three years, and I hope my next project will have this approach as a centrepiece.”
Distance from Wauchula, FL to Simpson, LA Driving distance between Wauchula, FL and Simpson, LA is 896.67 miles (or 1,443.06 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel. Leaving from Wauchula, FL you would reach Simpson, LA in about 14 hours 18 mins if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic. This is a map overview of the best driving route from Wauchula, FL to Simpson, LA in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Wauchula) and B (Simpson) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Wauchula, FL and Simpson, LA as well as every other town you may pass by on your way. Fuel consumption if you drive from Wauchula, FL to Simpson, LA To cover the 896.67 mi that separate Simpson from Wauchula you are going to need between of fuel, considering you drive an average car (30 mpg) and , if you drive an SUV or a heavy car (20 mpg). If you drive a fuel efficient car (45 mpg), your consumption will only be . Cost of driving from Wauchula, FL to Simpson, LA Depending on the fuel efficiency level of your car, driving from Wauchula to Simpson will cost you between and . An average car would make the trip for . We calculate the route cost using real time average gas prices for the US and other costs such as tolls are not included in this calculation.
|Editions | myCNN | Video | Audio | Headline News Brief | Feedback|| Are Americans Too Distracted When They Drive?Aired June 27, 2000 - 3:25 p.m. ET THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED. BOBBIE BATTISTA, HOST: Are you driven to distraction every time you pull out of the driveway? Do you eat? Comb your hair? Put on makeup? Read the paper? Yell at your kids? Talk on the phone? (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: On occasion, I could have two incoming calls at the same time, or an incoming and outgoing. MARK EDWARDS, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF TRAFFIC SAFETY, AAA: The thing that kind of startled us all is that this is something we all do. (END VIDEO CLIP) BATTISTA: A group called the Network of Employers for Traffic Safety claims any of those activities can be lethal. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) EDWARDS: The research tells us that somewhere between 25-50 percent of all motor vehicle crashes in this country really have driver distraction as their root cause. (END VIDEO CLIP) BATTISTA: So what's the solution? Do we ban cell phones? Arrest talkers? Target dining and driving? Just how far should we go to get distracted drivers off the road? Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to TALKBACK LIVE. Well, if eating and driving are dangerous, will they outlaw drive-through restaurants? Just a thought. Here's what the study says about dangerous distractions, though: 70 percent of people surveyed say they routinely talk to passengers while driving. Forty- seven percent adjust temperature, radio, and other controls. Twenty- nine percent eat or read while driving. Twenty-six percent say they pick up something that falls. And 19 percent talk on their cell phones. Let's find out more about this campaign now to keep our hands on the wheels and our minds on driving. Mark Edwards is director of traffic safety at the American Automobile Association. He announced the Distracted and Dangerous Driver Campaign at a news conference this morning. And we are having, I think, some audio problems with Mark. Mark, you can't hear me? EDWARDS: Yes, sir. BATTISTA: Oh, you can. Can you hear me? EDWARDS: Yes, I can. BATTISTA: OK, great, good. Welcome to the show. EDWARDS: Thanks. Good to be here. BATTISTA: Now this -- your study found that a quarter to a half of all accidents were caused, most likely, by distracted drivers. That's a pretty big gap, from a quarter to a half. But how do you figure out whether or not an accident's been caused by a distraction? EDWARDS: Well, I think, yes, I think that the wide range in the estimates of a quarter to a half reflects the impreciseness in our definition. But there have been a number of studies done over the years that have looked into accidents in great detail; in some cases, hundreds of accidents, in some cases, thousands. And that judgment that distraction was a factor for the most part is reached from a team of crash investigators who actually studied the accident. That would include interviews from the people involved in the accident as well as other details. BATTISTA: Some of those numbers, I thought -- and other people did too -- were surprisingly low, like only 47 percent of people say that, you know, they adjust something in their car. I mean, I would think that, you know, almost 100 percent of people will either turn up or down a radio or adjust their air conditioning, or -- I don't know, that seems surprising to me. And then, 19 percent cell phone use. That seems way low... BATTISTA: ... at least in Atlanta. EDWARDS: Well, I think that's what more important than the actual value -- because in surveys, you always have fluctuations in results, is the order. And there has actually been three surveys done that we're aware of, one in '94, one in '99, and of course ours in 2000. And in all of those, cell phone use comes in about forth or fifth on the list. First on the list are things like eating, carrying on conversations, adjusting automobile controls and the like. So, you're right, some of the numbers in the survey might not seem to make too much sense. What fascinated us, and I think really makes the point, is the order stays the same. And that the proportion across all distracters tells us that there isn't one that's a major factor that stands out among all the rest. BATTISTA: Something the audience also needs to be aware of: Cell phone companies are part of the consortium of groups here that are behind the study and the campaign, correct? EDWARDS: Well, there are -- actually, there are a whole lot of organizations -- there are 8,000 employers involved in the Network of Employers for Traffic Safety. So, yes, we have cell phone manufacturers and distributors represented among our membership, as we do virtually every segment of the United States industry. And they did contribute in part to the development of this training program, as did all our other partners. BATTISTA: Are they concerned, some of those companies, are they concerned about possible liability issues as we introduce more and more features into our cars? EDWARDS: Well, you know, I don't know, and I couldn't speak for them. But I think anybody that manufacturers an automotive product these days -- or a product that can be used in an automobile -- is concerned about safety. And I've been in traffic safety for over 30 years, and one of the things that I'm really please to see is organizations, like those that are part of NETS, actually getting involved in traffic safety. I think we do a lot better with them than we do without them. BATTISTA: Well, you've not -- OK, you guys have not, though, recommended any legislation or any bans on any kind of distractions in the car? What you're recommending is what? An education or training program? How would that work? EDWARDS: What Nets has actually put together is a one-hour training program that's delivered through employers to employees, and that's employers are used to training used to training their people. It's something that employers do all of the time. So because we're an organization that's focused on delivering traffic safety messages and programs through employers, we built a program that they can use and is really tailored to them. But for the most part, it's not so much that we're opposed to new legislation as we are trying to recognize the fact that the legislation already exists on the book. The trooper at our press conference this morning pointed out he had written tickets for engaging in these kinds of behaviors that produce distracted driving, and if you talk to any state police around the country, you're going to find that they've got all the laws they need. The last thing they want is another law, and they have what they need to enforce laws that prevent people from doing these kinds of things. So I think banning is something that if you think about it, it doesn't make a lot of sense. In the 1930s, we talked about banning radios from cars, and I don't think any of us would want that today. So I think banning is a view that looks at one side of technology, and telecommunications and all the distracters that for cars without looking at the benefits that those devices bring. I mean, I don't think we're going to ban passengers from cars. And I think one of the challenges when you look at these distractions is that they're really intellectually based, and I don't think we're going to pass laws that say you can't think while driving. BATTISTA: All right, Mark Edwards, thanks very much for being with us today. Appreciate your time. Thanks for waiting for our late start. EDWARDS: You're welcome. BATTISTA: All right, joining us now by phone is Fran Bents, who is vice president at Dynamic Science Inc. Her company was contracted by the National Highway Safety Administration to compile cell phone accident- related information. Also joining us Is Jacob Sullum, senior editor of "Reason" magazine, a publication from a libertarian perspective. He's also author of "For Your Own Good: The Anti-Smoking Crusade and the Tyranny of Public Health." Fran, let me start with you quickly. Educational training type of programs, is this enough? FRAN BENTS, DYNAMIC SCIENCE INC.: Well, you know, it's interesting, Bobbie, I have here a quote from the January-February issue of "Traffic Safety" magazine, which is published by the National Safety Council, and the quote is from Susan Arbow (ph) from the Net organization who recently conducted this survey, and it says that employer-sponsored safe driving programs make good sense, but if the employers are not required to do it by law, they don't do it. Educational programs are always valuable, but they're not necessarily sufficient, especially to address complex issues. And I think much of the importance of the cell phone legislation issue is the fact that people look to their government for guidance on issues related to health and safety. And laws are not only used for law enforcement, laws are also used to educate the public as to what acceptable limits for behavior may be. We needed specific alcohol laws, for instance, since reckless driving laws weren't enough to address the problem and see resolution, reduction in numbers of crashes and fatality. I think the same is true with regard to the cell phone issue.People assume it's OK to talk on the cell phone as they drive down the road because there are no laws in the U.S. that prohibit it. BATTISTA: Let me get Jacob in here, because you do not look for the government for more laws on that, do you? JACOB SULLUM, "REASON" MAGAZINE: Well, I'm skeptical. I think that one thing we have to keep in mind is that you're dealing with a monopoly when you talk about the government as an operator of roads. Now if you can imagine private roads, what you would have is people who balance safety against the other interests of people using the roads. So if you tried to impose requirements that were too intrusive or too burdensome, people would go to your competitor's roads. Now we don't have the situation because the government has a monopoly. Therefore, it's imposing one solution on everybody. It's, therefore, important that it keep in mind the interests of all taxpayers, all the people who might use the roads, and consider factors like how big a risk does this represent? How common is the activity? How intrusive or burdensome would it be to prevent the activity? And how easy it would be to enforce it? One of the interesting things that comes out of this research is that mental distractions seem to be at least as important as physical distractions. In other words, you may have eyes on the road but mind may be elsewhere, and that can result in an accident. On the way to the studio today, I was thinking about -- as I drove to the train, I was thinking about what I might say when I went on the air. No doubt that distracted me, and that kind of thing could lead to an accident, but we would be hard-pressed to come up with a legislative solution for that. How would you ban people from thinking thoughts that might distract them? There are all sorts of things that would be not only difficult to enforce, but it would be problematic from the point of view of individual freedom. BATTISTA: So you're concerned about a slippery slope-type of situation. But at the same time, a lot of things are behavioral. The cell phone issue involves a device. So you know, it's difficult to ban or make laws against behavior, you know. SULLUM: Sure, it would be easier to ban something like talking on a cell phone, but you really would have to make the case this was comparable to, say, driving while drunk. Now if it turns out that talking on a cell phone is as dangerous as driving with a blood alcohol level of, say, .10 or .08, or even more so, that might cause us to re-evaluate how reasonable such a restriction is. On the other hand, it might cause us take a second look at drunk driving laws and ask whether their definition of driving while impaired is reasonable. BATTISTA: Fran, that's difficult to do, isn't it, in the United States, to compile a study that draws the correlation between cell phones and accidents, because of the phone companies largely? BENTS: Well, that's right. The criticism that there is no statistical evidence to date that demonstrates that cellular telephone use by drivers is a serious problem is an accurate statement, but to say that a lack of statistical data is the same thing as a lack of evidence really isn't true? I think many of us can relate instances where we have felt a risk because of behavior of a cell phone driver who was behind us or in front of us or we observed someone weaving. It's become such a common thing. There is a public outcry. There are laws proposed in many, many states now because the constituents are asking for these laws. They're asking for protection. Yes, our highway system is owned by the federal government, by the states, so yes, it's monopolistic in that sense, but it carries with it a responsibility, and safety is a common good. BATTISTA: You bring up a good issue, Fran, but ti seems that oftentimes those efforts by state legislators or municipalities never make it out of committee. In the audience with us here is Barbara Mobley. She is a member of the legislature here in Georgia, and you proposed some kind of I think ban on cell phones while driving? BARBARA MOBLEY: No, It's not a ban. It is that those people who are in the lane of traffic should use due care if using a cell phone or if using any other kinds of instrumentalities in the phone -- or in the car. It is suggesting the penalties are enhanced if there is an accident or injury that is caused or damage that is caused while they're in the lane of traffic and using these items. BATTISTA: This would be a law, and this would be another violation of the law they could be charged with? MOBLEY: Yes, it's already on the books in the state of Georgia, that if you are negligent while driving or if you use undue care, but the penalties have not been enhanced. There has been a proliferation of accidents caused by uses of cell phones in the lane of traffic, and so we're just saying that for those people who decide that it is not negligent to use the phones to, as a public safety issue, create havoc on other drivers, then that they should have an enhanced penalty. BATTISTA: Is this going to pass, do you think? MOBLEY: Well, it will be introduced again next year. This session is over with for this time, but next term, it will be reintroduced. BATTISTA: All right. Let me go to the audience quickly before we go to break. Is it Shimei (ph)? Shimei from Antigua. SHIMEI: What I'm saying is that the emphasis should be more on the conservation of good habits, self-discipline, rather than legislation, because you want people to do things because it's the right thing to do and because they know it's the right thing to do, not be forcing them because, oh, I have to do this because the law is going to come down on me. If people realize that they should care about the other person and be that way, then we would have less problems. BATTISTA: I want to live in her world. Jude, let me go quickly to you. JUDE: Yes, I think for most of the distractions, they should use common sense, but in cell phones, perhaps they should have the phone companies or new technology come out that would disable or limit the amount of time, that if the phone is going more than 25 miles an hour. BATTISTA: Food for thought. We've got to take a break. When we come back, can driving while distracted land you in legal hot water? We'll talk to a personal injury lawyer in a few moments. In the meantime, take part in our online TALKBACK LIVE viewer vote. It's cnn.com/talkback. Today's question: Do you support a ban on cell phone use while driving? Back in a second. BATTISTA: Let me do some e-mail here quickly. "I know what I can and cannot do safely while driving. I don't need another law. This is another way the government is intruding into our lives." That's from Jim in California. James of Missouri says, "I have been cut off, wrecked and almost killed by careless drivers who talk on their phones, eat, and do other things while trying to drive. They are a danger." And Kaletchi (ph) in New York says, "We need to make a law making drivers pull over to make calls. We can't ban them outright as cell phones come in handy during emergencies. All right. Joining our discussion now is Csaba Csere, editor in chief of "Car and Driver" magazine. Also with us, Thomas Demetrio, a lawyer and partner at a national personal injury wrongful death law firm. Gentlemen, welcome to you. Csaba, let me start with you because you don't really think this is that much of a problem. Are we being misled here? CSABA CSERE, EDITOR IN CHIEF, "CAR AND DRIVER": I don't think we're being misled, but I think we need to keep these statistics in context. When we talk about 20-50 percent of accidents being caused by driver distractions, that isn't quite what the study said. And that study said they're factors. And the safety experts tell us that half the accidents are caused by drunk driving, 70 percent are cause by aggressive drivers, 30 percent are caused by speeding. All of a sudden, you know, we've got more causes than accidents, and it's very, very difficult to decide exactly what the causes are. The other thing is that right now we currently have the safest driving in the United States we've ever had. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration just released the preliminary statistics for 1999 that said that the traffic death rate was 1.5 deaths per 100 million vehicle miles traveled. That's one-third of what it was 30 years ago. So whatever problem we have with distracted drivers, it can't be too bad. BATTISTA: You'd never know that living in Atlanta, so that's good to know. Thomas, let me ask you. I would assume that every state has laws on the books that deal with reckless driving. We're kind of talking more about negligent driving. Is there a difference? I mean, are there enough laws out there to cover all of this? THOMAS DEMETRIO, TRIAL ATTORNEY: I think so. The duty of you and I as we go down the highway to one another is ordinary care. And the laws provide right now -- ensure that if there is negligence -- carelessness, putting on your make-up, making a phone call, eating popcorn, fixing Johnny's seat belt while driving -- there is accountability in our society throughout the 50 states. And if you're going to do something in a car that ordinarily you should do outside of a car, and unfortunate injuries occur because of it, the laws today are currently adequate to protect those who are unfortunately injured. BATTISTA: Csaba, this situation could get worse. I mean, the more and more new features that car companies are coming out with or that people want to put into their cars, like Internet access. I hear this is next thing down the pike. Is that true? CSERE: Yes. Internet access is coming in the next year or two. And it's going to be here very rapidly. And I must say, I have some concerns about that one myself. But the way the car companies plan to approach it, is rather than having you typing in e-mail or reading e- mail off a screen, it's going to be voice activated, and you will command the computer to read you your e-mail. And, in fact, it will take the e-mail and read it to you. This gets away from the problem of taking your eyes off the road or your hands off the wheel, but it still causes a mental distraction and that's ultimately the biggest issue we have. BATTISTA: Can you answer it? Or, I mean, would you feel tempted to answer it and that might distract you? CSERE: Well, I think the versions will allow answering of e-mail that will simply be you speaking and it will record your voice and either transmit that as a tape attachment to an e-mail or will convert it to text. BATTISTA: Wow. Now as corporation -- let's say that's a car company idea and they start offering that as feature, Thomas. If there are accidents that are caused because somebody's using Internet access in their car, are the car makers concerned they could become liable in these situations? DEMETRIO: They should be concerned about it. They are supplying yet another diversion that I don't think Mr. Ford envisioned when the first Model-T came off. If it's set up where it can't work while the car is in motion, that's one thing. And businessmen who rely on being in their car most of the working day can do some work while not moving. But by supplying -- this is another really very significant distraction -- I think they are exposing themselves to liability. BATTISTA: A comment from Kelly in the audience. KELLY: Yes, actually, recently my husband was pulled over on his way home from work one evening, a suspect of being a drunk driver when actually he was just eating a cheeseburger. So it can be distracting doing other things in the vehicle. BATTISTA: Well, and Lee in Georgia e-mails us: "What's next, banning cheeseburgers? If you can't stay in your lane while driving, you should be pulled over and ticketed, phone or no phone." Patricia's on the phone with us from Texas. Patricia? PATRICIA: Hi. I had a wreck about a week and a half ago and it was mainly -- it was totally my fault. I had been on a trip two days prior and I was extremely tired. I don't believe that laws -- you know, the wreck was my fault. I was tired. I shouldn't have been driving, and I've learned my lesson. I don't think there should be a law legislating, you know, what I did. I just learned my lesson and I'm not going to do it again, you know. BATTISTA: Well, we're glad you are OK. Thanks for calling in. Thomas, do most people admit that a distraction is what caused their accident, or do they try to cover that up? DEMETRIO: This answer is going to surprise most people. Most people do admit it. Most people do say I was blinded by the sun, but kept going, or I was reaching for a package that was falling, or I was eating Kentucky Fried Chicken. Most people do admit at scene, and I think in part they think somehow that will exculpate them, that I really didn't do anything wrong, I was just distracted for a moment, when in fact the distraction led to sliding through the stop sign and somebody being seriously injured. BATTISTA: We got to take a quick break. We'll be back in a moment. BATTISTA: Let's talk a quick look at our TALKBACK LIVE online viewer vote results here. We had asked the question, do you support a ban on cell phone use while driving? Fifty-nine percent of the folks online said yes, 41 percent no. That's a little bit surprising, because our folks in there sometimes tend to be more conservative I think. It does boil down to the question Joyce raised this issue a few moments ago of, you know, it kind of boils down is it, what's more important, my rights or the safety of other people -- Csaba? CSERE: Well, the real question is that the most important safety factor is a competent driver paying attention to the task behind the wheel. Unfortunately, we're always going to be distracted by certain things, and the key is picking your spots. Don't try to dial your cell phone when you're on an icy road. Don't tune the radio when you're negotiating traffic in a complicated intersection. A little bit of common sense and some training, and this problem is not as great as it is. BATTISTA: All right, Csaba Csere, thank you for joining us. Thomas Demetrio, appreciate you joining us today as well on our abbreviated show. And Fran Bents, if you're on the phone, thank you for joining us. And thanks to our audience for being with us today. I appreciate all of them, and you as well. We'll see you again tomorrow for more TALKBACK LIVE. TO ORDER A VIDEO OF THIS TRANSCRIPT, PLEASE CALL 800-CNN-NEWS OR USE OUR SECURE ONLINE ORDER FORM LOCATED AT www.fdch.com |Back to the top|| © 2001 Cable News Network. All Rights Reserved.| Terms under which this service is provided to you. Read our privacy guidelines.
I’ve just returned from Egypt, and I wanted to tell you a little bit about my tour. Although I have travelled to Egypt several times before, this was my first time since I started working for Egypt Uncovered. I joined the Nubian Adventure tour on the 23rd May and what a great time I had! Day 1 – I arrived in Cairo a few days early to do a few Hotel inspections and meet the rest of our team, inspecting the Hotels was very useful as I now have first hand experience of almost all of the Hotels that we use on our tours. I stayed at the Zayed Hotel in Cairo. The Zayed is a good 3 star Hotel with an extremely friendly atmosphere, good rooms and an excellent restaurant/bar. The location of the Hotel is also really good as there are many shops, bars and restaurants within easy walking distance. I met with the rest of the group on day 2, we had our welcome meeting where the guide explained about what we would be doing over the next week or so, and also gave a little information about the Egyptian Culture, Himself and also about tipping etc… Day 2 – Our first tour was to the Great Pyramids of Giza – no matter how many times you visit these amazing structures, they never become any less impressive!! After a brief history lesson on the pyramids we got the chance to walk about the Great Pyramid, we also had the opportunity to visit the Solar Boat Museum, which is located beside the Pyramid. Next was the 2nd Pyramid, the rest of my group decided to venture inside the Pyramid, I did this last time and it’s an extremely claustrophobic experience, although probably a once in a lifetime one for most people – so definitely worth a go!! After a little free time at the 2nd Pyramid, we took the bus to the Panorama point where you are able to get some excellent pictures of the Pyramids or take a Camel ride – make sure your bartering skills are up to scratch first though!! After a tour of the Sphinx and a spot of lunch we then drove to Saqqara to see the Step Pyramid of King Zoser before returning to the Hotel for a relaxing evening and a nice dinner in the Zayed Restaurant. Day 3 of the itinerary is left free to explore Cairo a little on your own, although myself and 2 others in my group decided to take the Cairo city tour, we visited the Egyptian Museum, Coptic Cairo, the Citadel and Khan-el-Khalili bazaar. The Egyptian Museum is an amazing place, full to the brim with ancient treasures. Our guide took us to view some of the museums highlights including the stunning death mask of King Tut before given us some free time to explore the museum on our own. After the museum we headed to Coptic Cairo, the Citadel and the Khan-el-Khalili bazaar – it was my first time visiting Khan-el-Khalili and wow… it’s huge!! The windy streets and alleyways of the Bazaar seem to go on forever – you could easily get lost if you don’t take note of where you’re going! After a little free time, we headed over to the train station to take the overnight sitting train to Aswan. I must say – my expectations of this train weren’t very high but I was pleasantly surprised. The seats were quite comfortable and after a game of Monopoly we all managed to get a decent nights sleep. Day 4 – We arrived in Aswan early this morning and headed straight to our Hotel – the Isis Corniche. The hotel is located right in the centre of Aswan and is perched on the Banks of the Nile. The hotel has a lovely pool area with amazing views over to the West Bank as well as a good choice of bars and dining outlets. We all decided that a refreshing swim was in order before the afternoon tours. In the afternoon we had tours to the High Dam and Philae Island Temple. Philae is a wonderful temple and is quite different from many of the others visited – being located on an island! Although the temperatures are very high during the summer months, you do seem to benefit from low numbers of tourists at the sights. When we arrived at Philae temple it was almost deserted and we seemed to be the only group there, this meant we were able to get some amazing photos! Day 5 – As none of my group decided to visit Abu Simbel this morning, we were able to board the Felucca quite early. We cruised around the Nile Islands close to Aswan and saw the immaculately maintained Botanical Gardens and the Mausoleum of Aga Khan. After a few hours of sailing we moored up to have lunch prepared by the boat captains. (The food on board was excellent) We also decided it was time to freshen up and took a swim in the Nile – it was surprisingly cold!! In the Afternoon we continued sailing to the Nubian House where we moored up for the rest of the night. As Feluccas are very basic traditional sailboats, they do lack toilet facilities, The Nubian House does have toilet facilities and a shower that you are able to use. We stayed at the Nubian House for a while and drank traditional Mint Tea (delicious!!). Our first Night on the Felucca was great, and very different from anything I’ve done before. I had done the Luxury Nile Cruise twice before, but I can honestly say that the Felucca is far superior to this – it’s so much more authentic. Day 6 – After an early breakfast, and a refreshing morning swim in the Nile we set sail again. Today we had a full day of sailing. We made a stop for a lunch at a sandy area on the Banks of the Nile, it was almost like being on a beach. Again, we did more swimming in the Nile before setting sail again for one of the Nile Islands that would be our base for the Night. After mooring up, we all got involved in trying to erect our make shift toilet tent… we weren’t very good at it so the Felucca crew took over!! Tonight we were entertained by the Felucca crew who sang songs around a campfire that they prepared, we also played a few party games before returning to the Felucca for a few beers. Day 7 – We had a very early start today, and left the Felucca close to Komombo temple. We drove to Luxor today making stops en-route at the temples of Komombo and Edfu. Edfu is one of the best-preserved temples in Egypt and is a highlight for many people visiting Egypt. After visiting the temples we continued on our journey to Luxor where we would be based for the next 2 days. As we were a small group we decided to do the Luxor Temple tour in the early evening so that we could see it illuminated at night – this was a really different way to see the temple and was definitely worthwhile. After the temple tour we all retired to an excellent restaurant for a hearty meal before returning to our Hotel for a few drinks and more Monopoly. Day 8 – Today we had the tours of the West Bank, which included visits to the Valley of the Kings, the Mortuary Temple of Queen Hatchepsut, Medinat Habu and the Colossi of Memnon. The Valley of the Kings is a magical place and the thought of the amazing tombs beneath your feet is mind-boggling. Work is currently taking place in the valley to (hopefully) find a new tomb – another King Ramses, there are ceramic Jars and Pots on display throughout the valley that have been discovered recently so the hope is that this means they are getting closer to the tomb. We were extremely lucky on the day that we visited as the Antiquities department had decided to open a tomb that had been closed for almost 15 years – the tomb of Horemheb, and the tomb may only be open for a few weeks. The colours within the tomb were amazing, the best I’ve seen. From the Valley of the Kings we headed to the temple of Queen Hatchepsut – My favourite!!! This temple is constructed in a way that is completely different to any other in Egypt, and is built on three levels. Sadly much of the temple was destroyed in Ancient times, but due to careful restoration work you get an idea of how great the temple must have looked thousands of years ago. Following the visit to Queen Hatchepsuts temple we continued our journey visiting Medinat Habu with is deep hieroglyphs and the Colossi of Memnon. After lunch we also visited the Temple of Amun at Karnak before heading to the train station for our train back to Cairo. I took the sleeper train back to Cairo so that I had experience of using both the sleeper and sitting trains. Whilst it was nice to have a private cabin, meals served, wash facilities and a comfortable bed I really didn’t mind the sitting train and would definitely take this option next time, as it is cheaper. My journey was extended by a 3 hour delay en-route – which should be expected from time to time in Egypt as it is a 3rd World Country after all. Day 9 – Sadly, today was my final day in Egypt. I had a few more Hotel inspections to do before returning home. The rest of my group returned to the Bazaar for a little more haggling. In the evening we all went out for a farewell meal to a lovely Italian Restaurant (not very Egyptian I know….) before returning to the Hotel for a few drinks. The rest of my group were heading on to Dahab for a few days of relaxation after such a hectic trip. I had a truly amazing time in Egypt and met some great people who I’m hoping to stay in touch with. It was great to travel to Egypt with Egypt Uncovered and experience first hand how our tours are being run. I’ll definitely be returning soon but next time I’d love to venture out into the Western Deserts.
By On Apr 28, 2018 Ideas Let guests know that its not just the wedding party thats special to you—let everyone stand out with their own corsage or boutonniere. Ask your florist about setting up a make-your-own-flower station: Put out some sturdy blooms like spray roses or mums, supply lots of colorful ribbons and pins, and add labels with easy-to-follow instructions. Think beyond the typical guest book. One creative idea we love: Create a jigsaw puzzle of your photo and let guests sign each piece. Or put out silver trays with engraving pens so guests can carve a lasting message on a useful keepsake for you. Keep your guests comfortable all day by thinking ahead. Out of town guests will appreciate a custom scented soap so they dont have to rely on the standard hotel samples. Planning on dancing until the next morning? Put out baskets of flip-flops (in your wedding colors, of course) so guests can take their shoes off. Having an outdoor reception that might get breezy? Make sure guests keep warm by offering up some cozy pashminas. And for a summer outdoor ceremony in the afternoon, provide a station with spray-on sunscreen and a stack of inexpensive sunglasses. 95 out of 100 based on 829 user ratings 361 Facebook Shares 185 Twitter tweet 487 Pinterest Pins 224 Google+ Shares 212 Thumblr Shares 93 Linkdkn Shares © 2011 - 2018 Videsa.info. All rights reserved.
CattleFax Analyst Randy Blach Suspects Feeders will "Leak a Little Oil" as Record Production GrowsMon, 06 Aug 2018 13:03:25 CDT Cattle market analyst, Randy Blach of CattleFax addressed producers during the 2018 Cattle Industry Summer Business Meeting this past week in Denver. According to him, the United States will produce 11 billion pounds of protein this year in terms of beef, pork and poultry. That is the highest level of production ever in the history of the US meat industry. What is equally remarkable, is that it is all being consumed as well. “We’ve got record consumption in the US and more and more people around the world, as they see their incomes rise, we see the demand for protein rise right along with that,” Blach said in an interview with Radio Oklahoma Ag Network Farm Director Ron Hays. At the same time, though, Blach also reports that the US beef cow herd expansion is beginning to show signs of an impending plateau in the rate of growth. “We expect we’re going to see the cattle cycle top here within the next 12 to 18 months,” he said. “Between now and 2020, we should see the peak in beef cow numbers somewhere up to 32 million beef cows or a little over.” Now, how this all impacts the market is the last question on producers’ minds. Blach is optimistic that from a cow/calf and stocker perspective, the cattle market in the foreseeable future looks fairly bright. However, for feeders, Blach is less confident that sustained profitability can be managed. “This is going to be pretty tough for our feeding industry to make much the rest of the year,” he concluded. “We’ve been buying pretty high break-evens in here for the last several months. So, I suspect we’re going to leak a little oil there.” Listen to the full exchange between Blach and Hays on his outlook for the cattle market, by clicking or tapping the LISTEN BAR below. WebReadyTM Powered by WireReady® NSI Top Agricultural News
This past Sunday, I met with a group of parents and their children for the Student Baptism class at Sojourn Midtown. One thing we talked about is a question that is often raised by conscientious parents: "How do I encourage my child to trust Jesus without giving false assurances?" In Matthew 28:18-20, the call is “Go! Make disciples. Baptize them.” In order to fill this command, we must call our kids to respond to Christ. Parents should speak freely to their kids about responding to Jesus—repenting, trusting, obeying, and making a decision to follow him. At the same time, it is important to help our children see that it's not their responsiveness thats make them a Christian. Christians come to Jesus in faith, not by works (Ephesians 2:8-9). Just like us adults, kids can deceive themselves into thinking that good works or religious practices can save them. So, we shouldn't assure kids that what they do (even when it is praying a sinner’s prayer for mercy or asking Jesus into your heart) guarantees they will go to heaven. Praying a prayer or doing good works does not secure a child's salvation. As much as we want to assure our hearts with things we can manipulate (our knowledge, emotional experiences, prayers, or our works), these things offer no lasting hope. So how do we encourage kids to respond to God’s call while avoiding false assurances? (1) Boldly teach children about their sin. Charles Spurgeon once said, “We must not flatter or deceive children by teaching them that their nature is good. Rather, we tenderly teach children about their failures—pointing out the specific sins to which children are prone (greed, pride in performance, lying, disobedience, etc.). Our goal is to be tender but true. We pray that the Holy Spirit will use the truth to bring conviction to the child’s heart and conscience, and ultimately to give the gift of faith.” (2) Focus on what Jesus has done to save rather than what a child should do. In children’s ministry, we often emphasize the ABCs: (A) Admit you are a sinner; (B) Believe in Jesus; and (C) Confess faith in Him. There is nothing wrong with this (see Romans 10:9-10) so long as we make clear that salvation is not about what we do but about what Christ has done. If we only talk to kids about what they should do, we run the risk of confusing or discouraging them. When a child becomes aware of their sin, they may become introspective and worry, “Did I do enough? How can Jesus live in my heart when I still get so angry?” What Jesus has done for us is the most important thing—so much more important than what we do. He saves us. We do not save ourselves. We must teach kids to look outside of themselves to the love and forgiveness that comes because of what Christ has already done for them (Galatians 2:20). For this reason, I prefer a gospel tract like Billy Graham’s Steps to Peace With God or my Are You Close to God? that emphasizes what Christ has done outside of us over the ABC method. Another helpful resource is Marty Machowski's booklet, Leading Your Child To Christ, pictured above. As Octavius Winslow wrote, “One simple believing [look at] Christ will produce more light and peace and joy than a lifetime of looking within ourselves for evidences and signs of grace.” (3) Call kids to respond. Call them to decide. We must be clear that the call to respond is not the gospel. But we also must be clear that a response is necessary. The Scripture calls all people to believe. So, you don’t have to wait until you know that a child is saved in order to call them to respond, or call them to make a decision. Rote--a child's ability to repeat back stories, verses, and biblical truth without thought of meaning. Recognition--a child's ability to recognize biblical concepts that have been taught before Restatement--a child's ability to express new concepts in his own words and to relate them to a biblical worldview/system of thought. Relation--a child's ability to relate biblical truths to life and see an appropriate gospel response/application. Realization--a child's ability and desire for putting gospel applications into action in his daily life. (4) Recognize differing levels of responsiveness in young children, and encourage them to take the next step. Christian educators, Larry Richards and Gary Bredfeldt, outline five levels of biblical learning (on the right). This outline reminds us that children typically learn the language of faith before their faith is fully realized. That's normal. Worship pastor Bob Kauflin has written, "Younger children, who may not know God yet, may still participate enthusiastically in various external forms of worshipping God. As the Holy Spirit enables them, they will become increasingly aware of their sinfulness before God, accept His gracious gift of forgiveness through the gospel, and be included among those who will forever be growing in their love for and worship of God." (5) Give children gospel assurances. Avoiding false assurances doesn't mean not giving assurances altogether. Children should be taught that Jesus alone saves, and they should be assured that they can bank on him. We should feel free to assure children that Jesus will save them if they trust him. We should freely invite children to come to Jesus and keep coming to him for their whole life. Should children be led to memorize, recite, or sing Bible passages that give personal assurance--passages like Job 19:25-26, Psalm 23:1, Psalm 42:11, Galatians 2:20, or Romans 8:16? Absolutely yes! Leading a child to memorize these assurances is not the same thing as giving false assurances, because these words are the very words of Christ. What do we do if we hear our kids assuring themselves with one of these passages? Rejoice! And encourage them, "Keep on believing! Keep on believing!" (6) Finally, there is no reason to pressure children for commitments, because the pressure is off. We can trust that God is already at work kids’ hearts. Our responsibility is to faithfully teach the gospel to them and leave the results to the Lord. Sometimes we’re tempted to pressure children, because we feel that getting them saved is our responsibility. It is not. Salvation is God’s work (2 Corinthians 5:18-20; Ephesians 2:8-9). Give children an opportunity to respond, but trust God to work in the hearts of his children to bring them to himself through faith, in his time and in his ways.
OK were not playing around here. If you're serious about growing your business then you need to be serious about Search Engine Optimization a.k.a. SEO. If you didn't already know, SEO is the process in which a website is optimized for the purpose of gaining higher positions in a search engine's organic or unpaid results. SEO services are vital to a long term growth strategy because it is virtually impossible to rank high on the search engine results pages (SERP) without implementing a detailed SEO strategy. “Amazing! Your SEO work has been superb. I do not know what you folks do differently from my last SEO company but you have achieved results in less than 2 months that they could not produce in a year.” - Fred GomezAnza Plumnbing SEO is one of the fundamental Internet marketing strategies and is a topic of endless discussion because companies such as Google are constantly tweaking the algorithms that determine a website's ranking. And these rankings determine where hundreds of billions of dollars of value will go. Optimizing the individual pages of a website is only the beginning of the process. This process of 'On Page SEO' will involve editing the text content and layout, headings, embedded pictures and videos, HTML and associated coding to increase the websites relevance to specific keywords. Optimizing titles, tags and descriptions on your web pages helps to increase your click through rate, also known as CTR, which leads to more customers finding your business that are likely to be interested in what you have to offer. Of course not. It all depends on the keywords and level of competition. But we can give you a detailed assessment of the competitive landscape that will inform us how easy or hard it will be to rank for any particular keyword. You should also probably beware of any company claiming to guarantee they can get you on the first page of google. Again this is potentially a very complicated answer depending the on the keywords you are targeting and the level of competition in your market. For example if you are going after keywords like 'cheap shoes' you are going up against Amazon and some of the biggest companies in the world. Search engine optimization is both an art and a science. We will analyze the competitive landscape to asses the level of competition and how much work would be involved in reaching page 1 of the google search results for your most relevant keywords. The specific details of Google's ranking algorithm are some of the most valuable and guarded secrets in the world. By reverse engineering how it works in the real world, we can deduce the hundreds of complicated factors involved in ranking the relevancy of a website in relation to the keywords a searcher enters into a search engine. This is what is comes down to. Therefore, we unfortunately have no control over how search engines actually determine their rankings but we do however have a wide variety of strategies and techniques available to us when working to get as high as possible in the search results. With search engine optimization the are no cookie cutter, one size fits all models. Each business is unique. We will do market research to develop a custom plan to reach your desired results. That being said, all SEO plans last at least several months and may extend to upwards of a year or more depending on the competitiveness of the particular niche you are in. All budgets can be discussed and agreed upon before any work begins but generally there is a $500/month minimum with other plans ranging from $1000-$5000 a month depending on how aggressive we want to be and level of competition to overcome. Having your website drop significantly in the SERPs mostly likely means you've been hit with a Google Penguin or Panda penalty. Likely this is due to previous questionable "SEO link building" to many "spammy" websites which google has easily determined have little or no value other than trying to game the system. It is a process but you can recover from these penalties and we have the experience to do it. By disavowing these spammy links, we can get your website back in the good graces of the almighty google (and other search engines too). SEO is easily one of the most cost-effective marketing strategies available to businesses today because it targets users who are already actively looking for products and services online. If you can get onto that first page of the search results for your relevant keywords, those organic listings are highly trusted and essentially free. You don’t need to pay per click or allocate a budget for advertising. Once your search engine optimization has been set up properly, it keeps on attracting new prospects without any additional cost. Of course in order to stay at the top of the rankings you should have a consistent, long term strategy and that's exactly where our expertise comes in.
At a meeting of the Faculty held March 1st, 1865 Professor [Maximilian] Schele [de Vere] absent from indisposition communicated in writing the following report of delinquencies in the classes under his charge for the months of January & February. Charles W. Anderson in French & Excercises omitted in Latin It being reported that the Federal forces under Genl[Philip] Sheridan, now in the [Shenandoah] Valley will probably penetrate to Charlottesville whereby the safety of the University may be endangered—on motion Resolved that the Chairman & Professor [John B.] Minor be appointed a committee to meet the commanding General of any forces that may reach this place and request of him a guard to protect public & private property at the University during the passing by or sojourn of the Federal troops here, and that Col Th. L. Preston, the Rector, be requested to cooperate with said Committee in discharging of the duty assigned them. The Faculty adjourned.
001 Video Converter, convert any video to iPod, iPad, PSP, iPhone, Zune, Xbox360, The best video audio converters for MP4, Flv(Flash), Avi, Divx, Xvid, H.264, Mkv, Mpg (Mpeg-1,2), Wmv, Rm, Rmvb, Mov, Vob, 3GP, OGG, ASF, WMA, WAV, MP3, AC3, AAC, etc. Asoftech Automation records all operation of mouse and keystrokes and saves them as macros. It can play back the recorded macros to automate recorded tasks any number of times.It is very easy to use and doesn't require any programming experience. Help-book dramatically speeding up learningAdobe Photoshop Elements. Tutorials are illustrated with full-sound movies showing around the program. the book is packaged with a patch revealing undocumented functios important for photographers. Adobe's Flash Player is the key to the internet's most used technology called Flash. Nowadays Flash can be considered one of the internet's basics. Therefore it has always been targeted by hackers, malware authors and so on. With Flash GameDevelopment by Glen Rhodes I expected to get a step by step Ive bought this book with the purpose of starting to makeflash games. . Piano Lessons in a Flash from The Piano Guy Scott Houston It includes the Play Piano in a Flash for Sothink SWF Quicker is the leading FlashEditor & Flash Maker. With this Flash software, you can edit SWF directly or make Flash from scratch with ease. The SWF Editor provides the same vectorediting capability as Adobe Flash but cost you less
Creating Mosaics & Image Stitching in AltairCapture (shortcut = Shift+T) Stitching or “Mosaicking” combines multiple photographic images with overlapping fields of view to produce a single high-resolution image. Nearly exact overlaps between images and identical exposures are required to produce seamless results. Using AltairCapture it is possible to create digital maps, enhanced microscopy or medical images, or multiple image super-resolution astronomy images. Resulting images can be projected onto Plane, Cylindrical, Spherical, Fisheye, Stereographic, Mercator or Transverse Mercator map surfaces. The Default is Cylindrical. AltairCapture has 3 stitching methods Video Stitch, Image Stitch and Browse File Stitch. Method 1, Video Stitch: When the video window is active, choosing the “Process > Stitch” command will invoke the video Stitch dialog as below: Snap: Click to capture image from camera. One should try to move the slide to a position to capture the desired images. As you move the sliders, the next image should have some overlaid areas with the previous image. Reset: When an image or images are captured, the Reset button is enabled, clicking Reset will remove all images from memory. It will be disabled when there is no captured image in memory. Snap: Snaps a single image from the camera. Cancel: Clicking cancel stops the stitching process. Next>: Clicking Next> go to next step in the process. Finish: Clicking Finish will begin to stitch the captured images according to the settings you’ve just made. Panorama Straighten: Controls the image stitching direction. It can be Horizontal, Vertical or None. Default is Horizontal. Projection Type: For image segments captured from the same point in space, stitched images can be arranged using one of various map projections. AltairCapture includes Plane, Cylindrical, Spherical, Fisheye, Stereographic, Mercator or Transverse Mercator map projections. The Default is Cylindrical which can be useful for planetary imaging. Seam Finder: Controls the seam matching and finding method, AltairCapture includes None, Voronoi Diagram, Graph Cut Color or Graph Cut Color Grad. Default is Graph Cut Color. Exposure Compensation: Exposure Compensation is required between images to minimize exposure differences. AltairCapture includes None, Gain or Blocks Gain Exposure Compensation methods. Default is Blocks Gain. Bundle Adjust: Bundle Adjustment is an algorithm which attempts to solve the problem of simultaneously refining the 3D coordinates describing the scene geometry, as well as the parameters of the relative motion and the optical characteristics of the camera(s) employed to acquire the images, according to an optimality criterion involving the corresponding image projections of all points. AltairCapture can use Ray adjust or Reprojection error bundle adjustment methods. Default is Ray adjust. Match Confidence: 1~100, Default = 65. Panorama Confidence: 1~100, Default = 100. Match Strength: 0~100, Default = 25. Blend Strength: 0~100, Defaults = 5. Defaults: Clicking Defaults will set all parameters to Default. < Back: Clicking <Back will return to the previous step. Finish: Clicking Finish will begin to stitch images according to the above setup. After the Finish button is clicked, AltairCapture will start to stitch, and a progress dialog pops up. Cancel: Click to cancel the stitching process. The final stitched image will be created in a new image window which can be saved. In the stitched image, there are can some junctions visible between areas; these are caused by realtime changes among the image edges in either direction, caused by air-motion, for example. Increasing the amount of overlap can help reduce this. In most situations this isn’t visible, but some touchup might be required in Photoshop or another imaging application. Method 2, Image Stitch If a set of images are opened in AltairCapture, for example stitch001.jpg, stitch002.jpg, stitch003.jpg, and stitch004.jpg are opened as shown below: Then choosing the Process > Stitch command will invoke the Image Stitch dialog boxes as follows: The Available Images box: After you click Snap, the images opened in AltairCapture in new dialogue boxes, and are held in memory. Here, 4x images are listed in the list box. Click the image file name to select the files to be added to the Selected Images for stitching: The Selected Images box: The images selected for stitching. Use Add>> to add the Available Images to the list. Add>>: When single or multiple images are selected and highlighted in the Available Images window, the Add>> button will be enabled. Clicking Add>> will add it or them into the Selected Images list for processing. Add All>>: Clicking Add All>> will add all of the Available Images into the Selected Images list for processing. Remove: When an image or images is or are selected and highlighted in the Selected Images list box, the Remove button will be enabled, click Remove will remove it or them from the Selected Images list box. Clear: Used to clear all images in the Selected Images list box. Cancel: Cancels the stitching process. Finish: Clicking Finish will start to stitch the captured images according to your chosen settings. Next>: Clicking Next> will go to the next step. (The remaining steps are the same as the Video Stitch process with the final stitched image being shown in a new window when complete). Method 1, Stitch from browsed files: Click the Folders Sidebar to activate the file browsing menu. Double-click the right directory to show the images under the directory in the Browse window. Choosing the image files to be stitched and then clicking the right mouse button will display the context menu. Choose the Stitch sub-menu to start the image stitch operation (One can also choose using Process>Stitch, after the files are selected in the Browse window) After the Stitch command is selected, the usual Stitch dialogue will pop up, and the rest of the process is the same as the other stitching methods.
Kiss My Face 587675 Active Life Deodorant Lavender 2.48 Oz We compared price of Kiss My Face 587675 Active Life Deodorant Lavender 2.48 Oz across hundreds of online stores. We found Kiss My Face 587675 Active Life Deodorant Lavender 2.48 Oz in 1 store with lowest price $10.03 in ToolKing.com. For detailed price comparison of Kiss My Face 587675 Active Life Deodorant Lavender 2.48 Oz check table below. Kiss My Face 587675 Active Life Deodorant Lavender 2.48 Oz description from ToolKing.com Kiss My Face Active Life Deodorant Lavender Description: Natural NOW! Clinically Proven All Day Protection Paraben and Gluten Free Aluminum free Be Fresh! The natural formula will keep your fresh and confident all day long. Time tested botanicals and odor absorbing ingredients combine to give you a deodorant that really works! Free Of Parabens, gluten, aluminum, artificial fragrance, animal ingredients, animal testing. Disclaimer These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Kiss My Face Active Life Deodorant Lavender Directions Apply as needed. Ingredients: Propylene glycol, aqua, sodium stearate, aloe barbadensis (aloe vera leaf juice) , hamamelis virginiana (witch hazel distillate) , zinc ricinoleate, steareth-100, polyglyceryl-3 caprate, glyceryl stearate, citrus grandis (grapefruit seed extract) , sucrose cocoate, glycerin, rosmarinus officinalis (rosemary leaf extract) , salvia officinalis (sage leaf extract) , coriandrum sativum (coriander seed extract) , thymus vulgaris (thyme leaf extract) , camellia sinensis (green tea leaf extract) , humulus lupulus (hops leaf extract) , sodium bicarbonate, ethylhexylglycerin, silica, lavendula angustifolia (lavender oil) . Glycerin, deionized water, sodium stearate, disodium cocamphodiproprionate (coconut oil derived) , saccharomyces ferment (natural vegetable enzyme) , corn starch, 1,2-octanediol 2-phenoxyethanol (coconut oil derived) , sodium hydroxymethylglycinate, sorbitol, sodium bicarbonate, kaolin, alcohol, stearic acid, polysorbate 20, lavender essential oil. Gluten Free This item is definitely worth your money,because it costs just 10.03.It is cheap and you get what you pay for.
“Our House” is a dedicated centre for disabled children and their families in Wokingham, Berkshire. The centre was the vision of the parents who set up a charity called Building for the Future, and after a fundraising campaign from local businesses, they enlisted the skills of the design team at Koubou Interiors to make their dreams become a reality. The challenge set for the Koubou designers was to create a centre with zoned areas to enable the children of various ages and disabilities to use the facilities and have somewhere they could call their own. Understanding how the centre was to be used and the special needs of the children was crucial to our designs. The centre needed to be fun, friendly, welcoming to all, comfortable and practical- wheelchair user friendly. We also included lots of seating for parents where they could observe and support their children and a bathroom that complied with DDA. All of the surfaces were carefully selected, the design team did a lot of research into each product to ensure that it would stand up to the demands of the centre. Testimonial for Koubou Koubou have given us an amazing and inspirational space for our disabled children to play in! Throughout the design process the project team exhibited an expert knowledge of materials, space and architecture, paying good attention to how the space would be used by our children. We appreciate the time spent on the details which addressed functionality without compromising beautiful design. Koubou listened well to our initial brief and had a good understanding of what we wanted to achieve – giving great advice for a solution within our budget. They then relayed their vision with a set of beautifully crafted mood boards which instantly sold their concept to everyone who saw them! We are so pleased we carried through Koubou’s services to project manage the refurbishment, which took a lot of stress off our hands! The project was managed with a high level of professionalism and any challenges along the way were quickly overcome by researching ingenious solutions. The real testimony is the reaction of our children when they come to play! Even though we are a charity with limited funds, employing the services of Koubou has proved to be a worthwhile investment to create somewhere really special they want to come back to again and again! We would be very happy to recommend the services of Koubou to any perspective clients! Trustee, Building for the Future The dramatic helictical wall sweeps down from the ceiling creating a beautiful feature to the centre. The Sensory room uses light, sound and a range of specialised equipment designed to create an environment that is calming and relaxing. We specified printed acrylic inserts for the porthole windows which mirrored the adjacent wall graphic. The Play area was designed as an enjoyable, accessible space where children could do arts and crafts together with their parents and peers.
end(redirected from being at the end) Also found in: Dictionary, Thesaurus, Legal, Encyclopedia. end(3' or 5') one or other of the termini (the 3'- or the 5'-end) of a NUCLEIC ACID MOLECULE. These ends occur because of the way in which the NUCLEOTIDES are joined together in a POLYNUCLEOTIDE CHAIN by PHOSPHODIESTER BONDS. At one end of the chain there will be a free 3'-hydroxyl group and at the other end a 5'-phosphate group. See DNA STRUCTURE. Patient discussion about end Q. Does ascites mean it's the end? My mother, age 65 was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in a routine US examination. It was also diagnosed she already has mild ascites. Does that mean her cancer is metastatic? Q. I ended the chemo treatments at the end of May. How long does it take to get back to near normal? I still can't eat the things I love, I smell funny burn odors, dizziness and lack of energy. I realize my life has changed, but is this what I'll be like forever? Please tell me how long it took you to recover....:)) Q. Do you want to end because of a vaccination in a wheel chair? It is already about 12 years ago. I met a mother with her kids. One came always in a wheel chair to the services. His terrible story is still in my mind. It could be shown, that because of a vaccination he got the cytomegalovirus infection (CMV) and then spastic paralysis.
Having a well designed basement and garage is always a good addition to any home. This makes the entire home conducive and attractive. The home owners just require coming up with the preferred designs and the basement developers and garage builders will do the rest. As a result, home owners are able to get basements and garages of their choice according to the designs they choose. But for the development to be effective it is always advisable to hire competent basement developers and garage builders. Home owners can hire a licensed general contractor to do the development provided the contractor has the necessary qualities. Amongst the qualities that competent garage builders and basement developers have include being licensed and insured. This means that the developers should have the necessary city permits, be bonded and have liability insurance. The city permits means that the basement and garage developments are according to the city laws. The liability insurance on the other hand insulates home owners against damages that might happen to their assets during the development work. A good basement and garage developer should also be charging reasonable prices for the services offered. This means that the cost of the entire project should be within the budget of the home owner. This can readily be agreed upon by the home owner and the contractor having a meeting to discuss on the price of the project. The home owner should provide the developer with the design and things to be incorporated in the basement or garage. The developer should then estimate the price of the entire project through analyzing what will be required from the beginning of the development to completion. The entire project should be within the set budget and home owners who might require more amenities might even consider various financing options. Basement developers and garage builders in Calgary who are accredited with the Better Business Bureau (BBB) are also in a better position to provide better services. This is because the accreditation shows that the developers and builders are recognized by the relevant authorities. Such accredited experts provide development services in a professional manner where they even provide renovation services in case the basement or garage develops problems on a later date. Basement and garage developers who are competent also help home owners with ideas on the ideal ideas for their basements and garages. The developers should give home owners ideas on designs almost similar to what the home owners originally wanted (such as the Calgary government incentive to build basement in-law suites). This is especially helpful when home owners require basements and garages that are beyond their budgets. In such situations the developer can suggest other design ideas that are close to the original design but affordable. Therefore, it is possible to get a well designed basement and garage just by choosing the right basement and garage developer.
Returning hardware to Pangolin If you are returning your hardware (QM2000, Flashback, etc.) to Pangolin, please follow these important shipping recommendations. (If you don’t, then you or the shipper may have to pay for a replacement if the hardware is damaged or lost.) If you are returning a board-level product, such as QM2000 or Flashback, always put the board in a pink, black or silvered anti-static bag or wrap. Do not use clear plastic bags or wraps; these will generate static which may damage the board. If you don’t have anti-static bags, wrap the board in a sheet of aluminum foil. Ship the product in a box. Do not ship it in a padded bag; this does not provide enough protection. Cushion the product inside the box. Shippers generally recommend at least two inches (five cm) cushioning on all sides, using foam “peanuts” or bubble wrap. We have seen a number of repairs/returns get damaged from improper packaging. When this happens, very often extra repair charges are levied. We strongly recommend that you use a well-known shipping company such as FedEx, DHL or UPS, and use their “Large box”. FedEx, DHL and UPS have fast-track arrangements with customs agencies. If the product is tied to a BEYOND or LD2000 system, insure the shipment for $1500 USD or the price you paid for the product. If the product is tied to QuickShow, insure the shipment for $500 USD or the price you paid for the product. Put your address (business card) and a printout of the return form inside the box. If the outer documents are lost, the shipper can look inside to contact you. If you are outside the EU, declare the product for “Temporary Export”. On the customs and shipping documents, note that the “product is being returned to the authorized service center for repair”. This helps avoid unnecessary charges after the repair, when the product re-enters your country. Where to ship Company: Pangolin Repair Center, Collimated Contact person: Francesco van Loon Country: The Netherlands City: Bergen op Zoom Post code: 4625CG Street: Achillestraat 3A NOTE: If you need to put a name on the shipping documents, address the package to “Francesco van Loon” at Pangolin. Before sending your hardware back to Pangolin for repair, please fill out the following form below. The data will be emailed to Pangolin. This lets us prepare for the product’s arrival. After you click the “Submit” button, you’ll go to a page that summarizes the information you are e-mailing. Please print two copies of the confirmation page. Keep one copy for your records, and include the other when shipping your product. Specifying the shipping address Note that the form does not ask for your shipping address. Please be sure that your return address is on or inside the package, so we know where to return the product! Hardware Return Form An asterisk (*) indicates data is required. If you are sending more than one piece of hardware, please fill out one form for each piece.
Stairs and railings are often neglected during inspection and maintenance, which is unfortunate because both components are crucial to the safety of friends and family on your deck. Of all the structures in a deck, stairs have the highest weight-to-square-foot ratio. Stairs are the natural avenue through which people will access your deck as well as your home, subjecting them to disproportionate amounts of foot traffic. Many times your deck’s stairs are used when moving large, heavy objects in and out of your home through the back. Your stair inspection starts with the stringers. The stringers are crucial as they are the main support platform for your steps. When overcut, stringers suffer from severe structural weakness and are susceptible to rot. It’s also important to check where your stairs attach to your deck. No matter how your stairs are built, specialized hardware is required in order to support heavy loads. Make sure the hardware is in good condition—no loose nails or signs of corrosion. Lastly, check for cracks and rot in the steps themselves. If there are any protruding nails or screws, refasten them. The second most common cause of deck related injuries are railing failures. During parties, your guests will lean on railings while chatting and enjoying themselves. If the railings aren’t in great condition, they can lead to a nasty fall. Take extra care when inspecting railings to ensure this doesn’t happen. There are many types of railings, including balusters, cables, glass, and wire mesh. Whatever your railing is constructed of, always ensure it’s attached properly according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Your local building code will also guide you. The fasteners used to attach railing posts to the deck are potential problem areas. The hardware can rust and loosen up. When the fastening system fails, the railing can’t support a person’s weight, and tragic accidents may ensue. Inspect areas where connections are made for fastener corrosion and wood rot. Taking these necessary precautions will ensure you enjoy your deck to its fullest with peace of mind when summer arrives. If you want more deck safety tips, follow these links:
Luxury Staircase Design House Stairs Design Pictures Interior Also Luxury Staircase Design Interior Images Interior Stairs File Type: image/jpeg Furniture — This furniture, is one of the 38 designs published under the gallery: Modern Interior Stairs. In the next page, we have the filemary plantation house upstairs interior stairs to along with interior stairs to interior images interior stairs [ ... ]. While in the previous page, we have the led indoor stair lighting fixtures home stair design also indoor stair lighting interior images interior stairs [ ... ]. View other and more furniture designs below. File Size: 129 KB Dimension: 1600x1200 pixels Downloaded: 3195 times Updated: Jan 1th, 2018 Browse More & Get Even More Inspired Interior Designs & Furniture Awesome Expandable Table features many inspiring interior and furniture design principally the furniture designs, which includes: Expandable dining table modern plus expandable dining table modern, Expandable coffee table with home interiorshome interiors together, Costa expandable table fermob horne also costa expandable table, Awesome expandable round together with wood expandable table, and many more. [ continue ... ] Amusing Bathroom Lights Lowes 2017 Design is complemented with so many beautiful interior and furniture design particularly the bathroom designs, namely: Bathroom lights lowes plug in vanity two lights two mirrors teeth, Bathroom lights lowes bathroom lighting sconces interior design, Bathroom lights lowes bathroom mirrors lowes contemporary vanity, Bathroom lights lowes best ideas bathroomvanity lighting four, and many more. [ continue ... ] Simple Outdoor Steps Ideas On Front Porch And Backyard Deck shows several gorgeous furniture design and interior specially the bathroom designs, such as: Spiral outdoor stair railing ideas using black iron material, Cool modern outdoor stairs with steps lighting and clear glass, Natural stone garden steps ideas with iron garden lighting and, Simple outdoor stair railing designs using black wrought iron, and many more. [ continue ... ] Astounding Home Depot Light Fixtures 2017 Ideas features many amazing furniture and interior design principally the bathroom designs, as follows: Breathtaking home depot light fixtures kitchen with a minimalist, Charming home depot light fixtures hanging stainless and round, Astounding home depot light fixtures unique shape and hanging, Surprising home depot light fixtures unique and elegant yellow, and many more. [ continue ... ] Awesome Cheap Sconces 2017 Collection is featuring so many amazing interior and furniture design focusing on the bathroom designs, as follows: Fascinating cheap sconces unique embellishment form of human, Amazing cheap sconces flat lengths flashed beautifully in the, Enchanting cheap sconces stainless steel combination tube, Marvellous cheap sconces two large short tube shades stuck wood, and many more. [ continue ... ]
Training employees is always a good idea, especially if you’re considering putting them forward for a QFP Whenever franchisors consider training staff they face the same two questions: what if we train them and they leave? What if we don’t and they stay? However, they really shouldn’t worry as upskilling staff is inherently a positive thing to do. We feel more empowered and motivated when given the chance to develop our skills and move our careers forward. Investing in upskilling your staff increases the value of your workforce and demonstrates your commitment to their career progression. As a result, they’ll be more confident in their abilities and skills in handling both business as usual matters and more exceptional challenges. The right training course can make your management more effective and improve the profitability of your business. For instance, training can result in the introduction of new practices, techniques and solutions. Additionally, boosting your employees’ motivation levels will surely have a direct impact on your franchise’s bottom line. Training can never be applied too soon or too late. It’s of equal importance for those just starting out in a franchise as it is to those who’ve been involved in the industry for a long time. Training enables individuals to demonstrate a high level of technical skill in franchising and, through understanding its complexities, ethical standards and best practices, ensures you and your team will be able to deliver the best possible results for your company. No matter the size of your network or the length of time it has been operating, there is always a professional development opportunity for you and your team. Recognising this is why the bfa has created its training academy. From those considering whether franchising is the right option for them to those with a lot of experience of the industry, we provide opportunities to brush up on your skills at all stages of your franchise journey. And it’s through this academy that we can certify your people as qualified franchise professionals (QFP). This qualification is the bfa’s formal recognition of professional knowledge and experience in franchising. Attaining it demonstrates a deep understanding of the complexities and best practice in franchising and the time invested by an individual to continuously develop their skills and knowhow. The award is well-established as the foremost qualification available to an individual in franchising. It confers credibility and denotes a commitment to the highest standards. By training for the QFP, students learn techniques and processes that they can apply directly at work. All elements of the modules are directly relevant to franchising so students are better prepared for the challenges they may face. Every one who’s obtained a QFP commits to ensuring their long-term effectiveness through continuing professional development. Given how both staff and companies as a whole can benefit from training, business owners can rest assured that upskilling employees can give their franchise a competitive edge.
The tights were designed especially for pregnant women, wearing bigger, unusual sizes. The pants part extends very much thanks to using yarns with special parameters of tensile, half-round gusset in the front and highly placed no-squeezing rubber. The legs are also very extensible. The tights are thin and clear. Sizes available: 2, 3, 4 Colours available: light beige, graphite and black.
Aim of the research programme is to organize specialists who have huge university schooling in management and enterprise organization for accounting, business exercise of assorted enterprises, insurance firms, personnel management, who would be capable to work efficiently in altering enterprise atmosphere. Enabling you to formalise what you are promoting and administration expertise, you undertake academic research within the subject of basic administration or venture management, consolidated by the completion of labor based modules in consultancy and business planning. Our module in Operations and Supply Chain Management is run in affiliation with Rolls-Royce. From Law for Management and Issues in Corporate Governance to International Marketing and Critical Perspectives in Work and Organisational Psychology, modules fluctuate from the inventive to the technical but are all relevant to the modern office and taught by leaders in their fields. MoR Risk Management is a program that brings together a set of inter-associated processes, approaches and tips to different sources of advice on threat administration methods and mechanisms. The college was commended by EPAS for its exceptional commitment to the ethics, accountability and sustainability (ERS) agenda. Management of danger is very important, whether or not it’s for a person or for any organization. The University has gained funding for three initiatives in a latest EPSRC competitors – greater than any other university – demonstrating its leading place within the area of cyber security. Performance management dimaksudkan sebagai tingkat pencapaian (prestasi) dari organisasi dalam melakukan aktivitasnya dalam periode tertentu (biasanya dalam satu tahun). A string of managed losses is without doubt one of the by-products of active risk management. Stage two lets you demonstrate your understanding of the business atmosphere and the way during which the disciplines interact, draw conclusions and effectively communicate results using written, oral and graphical means. Surrey Business School students Vova, Slavik and Nurasyl offered their begin-up app firm, Felix Math, at the 2017 Dublin Tech Summit. Students will be capable of study why, and the way, companies make strategic selections in the context of today’s advanced and dynamic world of enterprise. Seven of the top ten jobs held by graduates working in the UK are associated to business, sales and HR. Marketing associate professional is the highest job for enterprise and management graduates with more than 800 graduates in these roles six months after commencement.
The Men’s Department of The Master's Vessel Ministry offers the men of the ministry the opportunity to gather in God’s presence and fellowship, study the bible and have various outing and projects together, all held for the benefit of the man, not forgetting the rally, development programs and enlightenment on the daily Christian life, offered by the head pastor and men leaders. The focus of the men’s department is to raise and establish great men, who can function as God’s ordained leaders in setting up godly government in their homes, workplace and even in their community. This is achieved by establishing various platforms organized by the church, that concentrates on issues that the normal man faces daily. The men department inspires its men to rise above the challenges and to pursue Christ as their excellent teacher and guide to the answers of all life’s questions. This extends from the man to his family.
who is ariana grande dating currently married dating in nigeria This page first went up 11 July 2006. Shapers are a machine tool that is generally obsolete in modern industry, but it still has a place in many home shops or small. Dec 07, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Sometime in married dating in nigeria, Anthony Dowdell put on his favorite plaid shirt, drove his Dodge pickup to the parking lot of colorado springs speed dating Sam's Club in Linden, N.leaned. Related posts: Shared Custody If the Shoe Was On the Other Foot Yesterday I read the most interesting article about children of divorce. It discussed married dating in nigeria impact. Marilyn Monroe was an American actress, comedienne, singer, and model. She became one of the world's most enduring iconic figures and is remembered both for her. Atholville (2011 population: 1,237) is a village in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada. The first inhabitants of the area married dating in nigeria the Mi'kmaq who settled there in. Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education, Mumbai. Suggestions on draft contents for 5th semester courses of 'I' Scheme. … If you are not sure what the difference nigera between a nephrologist and urologist, you are not alone Many people are unsure of the difference. Dating With Tinder Your Definitive Guide To Getting All The Tinder Matches Adekunle Police Station. Nigerua Herbert Macaulay Road, Yaba, Lagos. Contact Person: Mr. Oliver Ezirim.Learn more The best amp; worst extramarital affair dating sites on the web. Weve tested 10 of the top brands in extramarital dating and exposed the dating guy not attracted to here. News, Sports, Weather, Traffic, and the Best of Minnesota, and the Twin Cities of Minneapolis-St. Paul. This is something we worried about when we launched this for the first time in 2013. Stores primarily launch discounts to tempt in customers who wouldnt normally buy. 1890s Victorian married dating in nigeria - a magnificent example of Victorian clothing. Vintage Textile features exquisite vintage and antique clothing dating from 1750 to 1980. 100 free dating sites trumingle. com 100 free online dating and matchmaking service for married dating in nigeria. Dating site www. trumingle. com offering a free worldwide dating. Looking for the way to tell your best friend how much she means to you. You'll find the perfect sentiment in this collection of friendship quotes. Learn how to get your guy to commit to you. Match. com Customer Service customer service phone number for support and help. Hints to reach a live person in Match. com Customer Service's customer service … On the quest to know the best sex apps. We've checked out the latest apps offering no strings attached sex in your postcode. It's time to get downloading. Full help married dating in nigeria finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're married dating in nigeria online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert 3. Join Online Dating Sites.Learn more Knife Anatomy, datng, components, parts, descriptions, definitions, terms, with illustrations, marrisd photographs, and important information for all who are. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and married dating in nigeria. Tithing - What the Independent Fundamental Baptist Denomination teaches about tithing and why it married dating in nigeria wrong. Before I get started I must premise this section by telling. The Ivy League is bollywood actress dating ips officer collegiate athletic conference comprising whos dating in the wwe teams from eight private universities in the Northeastern United States. The conference name is. Long Distance Nigeriia Frequently Asked Questions 2017. Look: I think that youll agree with me when I say: Long distance relationships can be VERY tricky. Years ago I went to an married dating in nigeria bookstore in the area, hoping to find a dating hamilton at the glory hole. I 956 dating a line outside one of the booths which was a. Girls of all races embrace their femininity when shaking their asses at the club. They know that datinh like feminine women regardless of their public advocacy of the. Graduating never looked so good. Shop the cutest cheap graduation dresses to rock under your cap and gown. If you want to meet girls in Cambodia you basically have three options. Option 1: You go in the bars or clubs but more often than never you're likely to run Understand datinb to develop muscles without going to daating gym. Discover ways of exercising and increasing muscle without visiting the gym. WhatsApp Monitoring Tool - Simplest and best software to spy whatsapp account compatible to all device Patton mentions ,arried indicators of young earth,'' listed in William D. Stansfield, The Science of Rating. These are all discussed in more detail in the. Series Ten of The Apprentice (UK), a British reality television series, was broadcast in the UK during 2014 from 14 October to 21 December on BBC One; as dating sites airlie beach the. By: Jody S. Hawkins, Information Security Officer Married dating in nigeria the past several years, I have been actively speaking to parents, children, tweens, teens, and young adults. The best dating software married dating in nigeria start online dxting business. Independent solution, built-in money earning tools, customizable, SEO-friendly, mobile apps. Hook up or hang up kdwb best amp; worst extramarital affair dating sites on the web. Weve tested 10 of the married dating in nigeria brands in extramarital dating and exposed the scams here. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Sorry, Charlie1234, the plain and blah approach isn't going to cut it. Create the perfect username and mantra to take your online dating to the next level. Looking for. Tampa - St. Petes Singles Events, Tampa - St. Petes (or St. Petersburg if ih prefer) Singles Dances, Tampa - St. Petes Speed Dating, Tampa - St. The latest news, commentary and analysis of nepalese dating uk that impact the transgender community. The Advocate provides up-to-date reflections from around the web. Jane Lynch, Actress: Glee. Jane Lynch was born on July 14, 1960 in Dolton, Illinois, USA as Jane Marie Lynch.
Grand Opening Deal! - 25% off use LG16 FREE SHIPPING For the first 50 orders! Sorry, nothing in cart. Showing all 5 results Solid Corgi Earrings for the awesome Corgi lover. Earrings to go with your best outfit. Designed by a Laser Goods subscriber. Diamonds are your best friend, they don’t have to be your wallets worst enemy. A Corgi lovers dream come true! You can now wear your best friend on your ears. Wear a little Texas with your best outfit.
Chibiscus is a small shop located in a strip mall on Sunset Blvd. in Hollywood, a few blocks west of La Brea, or far enough away from the traffic and the tourists so that, unless Paul McCartney or Justin Timberlake happen to be giving a free concert nearby, you can get here and find parking relatively unscathed. That said, if you're in the neighborhood and craving a bowl of ramen, the version here hits the spot even if you have to battle a bit of gridlock to get it. As explained on its website, "Chibiscus" is a portmanteau of the Japanese word "chibi, which means tiny, cute things" and hibiscus, the flower. Accordingly, there are all sorts of things that are cute without being cutesy: The restaurant's slightly anthromorphized hibiscus logo sprinkled throughout the menu, for one, and the smoothies and boba teas served in Mason jars, which somehow manage to be on this side of attractive even if the conceit of Mason jars as drinking vessels jumped the shark some time ago. And the shop itself is small and simple: a handful of tables, a few stools along the counter, an open kitchen. But you're not here for the Mason jars. No, you're here for the ramen. There are several types of ramen here: the signature tonkotsu, made with a broth simmered for some 10 hours ("filled with goodness of collagen but not fattening"); shoyu; a vegetarian ramen with vegetables and grilled tofu; spicy chicken; and spicy miso. We ordered the spicy miso, a beautiful bowl with a burnt orange broth hit with the right amount of spice, chewy noodles, lovely slices of very tender chashu and a properly soft-boiled egg. It's quite enough on its own, but you can opt to top your soup with cheese. Or, for that matter, butter, corn or fried kimchi. If you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters. SHOW ME HOW You have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in! In addition to ramen, there are appetizers like musubi and pork buns, and rice bowls like omurice and a fairly straightforward, but very comforting, kimchi fried rice. For dessert, brick toast with various toppings (Nutella!), or the occasional special like matcha green tea ice-cream. Chibiscus is still in its soft opening phase, so we can only imagine what else we can look forward to once it officially opens. For now, the restaurant is open on Mondays from 6 p.m. to 11 p.m. and Tuesdays through Sundays from noon to 11 p.m. Want more Squid Ink? Follow us on Twitter or like us on Facebook. And follow the author on Twitter, too.
Baseball Pitching Mechanics By Dan Gazaway, Owner of The Pitching Academy Balance is a key element to solid pitching mechanics and will bring you much success if utilized correctly. Without balance, it is difficult to throw strikes and throw hard. Without it, all of your pitches won't do what they're intended to do. So how do you keep your balance? Read Article | A Great Way to Get Pitchers to the Next Level | How would you like to analyze your son or daughter's pitching performance like the pros would? More Than ERA's software tracks and reveals everything you need to know in order to make the necessary adjustments. Best of all, its incredibly simple and inexpensive to use! Learn More Managing Your Volunteer Coaches By Brian Gotta, President of CoachDeck We take them for granted. Once we've gotten parents to "step up to the plate," and volunteer to coach a team, we often breathe a sigh of relief and figure now that that's taken care of we can get on to more important issues. However, the way you manage your volunteer coaches throughout the season might determine whether or not they come back to do it again next year. And maybe more importantly, it could also be what determines if some players return as well. Read Article | The Only Sports Watch That Counts Pitches! | Why buy a hand-held counter that you have to remember to bring to the game, when you can wear it on your wrist? Includes stopwatch, date and time, and it's always with you! So versatile it is the perfect gift for the baseball coach who "has it all." www.pitchcountwatch.com | | As we know, nutritional deficiency can make it easier for organisms to invade the body. Therefore, a well-balanced, consistent diet may be your best ammunition. Here are some additional strategies for your nutritional arsenal: Read Article The Invisible Opponent (Part 2) by Jodi Sheakley, MS, CFT | Stop Sports Injuries! |Keep kids in the game for life, STOP Sports Injuries. Visit www.STOPSportsInjuries.org for information on preventing overuse and trauma injuries in children.
SUMMER 2018 SIGNUPS ARE OPEN! Click here to sign up now! Or copy and paste this link: http://csa.farmigo.com/join/gardenofevefarm/summerfall2018 Just scroll down to select Greenpoint (Wednesday evening, **PLEASE NOTE NEW LOCATION!**) or Williamsburg (Saturday morning) pickup, then scroll back up to continue. Spring is in the air and we know you're just about ready for a brand new share of seasonal vegetables, fruits, beer, meat, cheese, eggs, and more! support Local Organic Farming Welcome to the Greenpoint-Williamsburg CSA web home! We are excited that you're interested in us. As one of North Brooklyn's longest-running CSAs, we've been fostering community and providing organic, local produce to our neighborhood since 2005. We partner with Garden of Eve organic farm in Riverhead, New York. Our season runs from June to the end of November, and we also have a winter share option that runs from December to May. You can join our CSA to receive vegetables, fruit, eggs, cheese, bread, meat, pickles and preserves, flowers, and plants, and you can visit our Shares page for more info about pricing and distribution dates. Build our Community At GWCSA we love getting to know our members and strengthening our neighborhood through community. You can visit our Facebook page or find us on Instagram to get the latest news and photos from this season. We are always happy to hear about our members' adventures with cooking seasonal produce (#gwcsa for social media posts!) and we organize a variety of group activities throughout the season, from happy hours to picnics to farm and winery trips. The Core Group Needs You! The GWCSA is run by a core group of volunteers that meets monthly and ensures the continued operation of our favorite local veggie / produce / food distribution non-profit. There are a number of coordinator positions within the core, but we also have valued core members that help out without holding a coordinator position. Core positions can also be shared so feel free to email us if you're interested in a position that looks like it's already taken. Everyone is welcome - become a part of the core group! Join us for just two of our monthly meetings to become a voting core member.
Free Home Survey Home » Denton * For more detailed dimensions, download the PDF product spec document above Find us on the following Social Platforms! Official Stockists & Suppliers of: Stovax, Gazco, Firebelly, Chesneys, Varde Ovne, Firebelly, Vermont Castings, Westfire, Nordpeis, Franco Belge, Dunsley Heat, Yeoman, Focus Fireplaces, Bellfires, The Gallery Collection, Mendip Stoves, Barbas, Wanders Fires & Stoves & many more
School districts settling down after a quarter-century of court-ordered desegregation now find apparently solid constitutional ground turning into shifting sand. Desegregation advocates see past gains undermined on three sides by: * A shift in federal policy from pro- to antibusing under the Reagan administration, with support from the Republican-led Senate. * Public disillusionment reflected in the Los Angeles School Board vote Monday ending mandatory busing there, following a California Supreme Court ruling last week. * Increasing numbers of blacks joining the antibusing ranks in return for gaining greater control over inner-city schools. On the federal front, Sen. Jesse Helms (R) of North Carolina is among those most pleased by the change. He is convinced that the tide has turned against busing. In the last Congress he failed to win passage of his amendment barring the Justice Department from using forced busing to desegregate schools. Senator Helms promises to pursue the busing battle anew in Congress this year. He argues that the 1980 election was a public mandate to end court-ordered busing and notes that the election put into office "a president who has been constantly on record in opposition to forced busing." Whether or not Helms pushes antibusing legislation through the new Congress, there will be "less emphasis on busing as a remedy for segregation," according to one Reagan administration official. This shift, the official explains, will reflect the US Supreme Court's own ruling that busing should be "only a last resort" after magnet schools, pairing and clustering of schools, and all other possible remedies have failed. Secretary of Education Terrel H. Bell and President Reagan are both quoted by Department of Education and Justice Department spokesmen as favoring restrictions on busing. When questioned on NBC television's "Meet the Press" broadcast March 15, Mr. Bell said that "there have just got to be other approaches than busing to attaining a better racial balance." For veteran desegregation lawyer Joseph Rauh, general counsel for the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights in Washington, the Reagan-Bell-Helms approach represents a shift from "the Carter administration's timid, hesitant, and confused approach" to "a totally negative attitude." Prof. William Taylor, director of the Center for National Policy Review at the Catholic University Law School in Washington, says there may be a return to "the policy of nonenforcement" pursued during the Nixon and Ford administrations. Both Professor Taylor and Mr. Rauh are concerned that other cities may follow the recent Los Angeles lead. In that case, the California Supreme Court last week upheld the constitutionality of a voter-approved state initiative forbidding mandatory busing except to correct deliberate segregation. This decision ends forced busing in cases where desegregation is deemed the inadvertant result of housing patterns. The court ruling was followed March 16 by a unanimous school board vote to end mandatory busing in Los Angeles next month. Taylor says that although the California action does not affect federal law, "it is certainly unfortunate in psychological, if not legal, terms to have one of the largest cities in the nation go back on its desegregation plan." Another precedent that worries desegregation advocates has been set by some black organizations in Atlanta, Chicago, and Dallas. Groups like the Black Coalition for Maximizing Education in Dallas have decided to oppose court-ordered busing. In return, these groups hope to gain greater representation on school boards and more funds for hiring black teachers and improving black-run, inner-city schools. In the face of this incipient trend, Taylor, who worked on several major school desegregation programs, argues that "you don't desegregate without a program of mandatory reassignment. . . . I don't know of any school district that was successfully desegregated simply by recourse to voluntary programs." Taylor expects clashes in both the courts and Congress if the new administration sticks to the 1980 Republican Party platform, which stated: "We condemn the forced busing of schoolchildren to achieve arbitrary racial quotas. Busing has been a prescription for disaster , blighting whole communities. . . ."
Openness and accountability are two of Hilime Arslaner´s principal values. This is why you get some advance information: A few "key figures": - 1 degree in Economics, earned from Heidelberg University; - 1 certificate as Intercultural Trainer; IKUD®-Seminare, Germany - at home in 2 different cultures, business and every day life - fluent in 3 languages: German, Turkish, and English - 15 years professional experience as project manager and consultant in Germany and Turkey - in more than 20 renowned, globally operating companies such as Daimler, BMW, and BearingPoint; - and 13 industries, where Hilime Arslaner became acquainted with all sorts of business mentalities as well as the interactions of different corporate divisions. Therefore: Hilime Arslaner is your competent partner where the task is to reconcile diverse interests, processes, or systems. Download my profile as PDF
Don't let all of your hard work go to waste! Protect the meats you so carefully prepared before freezing. We offer a full line of Weston Weston Meat Packaging Supplies to ensure nothing will go to waste. According to the USDA "Frozen meats may be kept in the freezer for six months to one year for best quality. The product is still safe to eat after a year, but quality will gradually deteriorate."
Browse through the Music Store and find a Glenn Hughes CD or DVD you've been meaning to buy or perhaps it's for a friend or that someone special. No matter which, you should be able to find it here. Working with Amazon.com [USA], we are able to bring you, not just releases from Glenn, but also Amazon's entire music catalogue. So please enjoy your day out at the Music Store!! Location:Home » Music » Glenn Hughes Greatest Hits by Hughes Glenn
South Bay Sportswear is a garment manufacturer and a wholesaler of men, women and children sportswear established in 1993. Our main office is in Hayward, California, with distribution throughout North America, Europe and Asia.. The South Bay line includes jackets, jersey fleece and polar fleece, golf shirts in pique, and interlock, which has a very soft and silky hand. South Bay has added Hawaiian theme prints in both polo and camp-shirt models. Also offers contract embroidery service and screen print service at the Hayward facility. In addition, South Bay Sportswear manufactures a line of sweaters featuring both classic and innovative styles. With our high standard on fabrication, dyeing and quality control procedures, we offer quality products that meet the discriminating needs of our clients. All the garments are pre-washed to enhance its softness and comfort, double stitching throughout for durability. South Bay’s commitment to customer relationships and quality workmanship is continuous. From outstanding customer service, fast on-time delivery and the widest choice of in-stock sportswear, you can count on South Bay as your dependable supplier for customized and promotional apparel. Custom Program Order and Private Label Programs As an established garment manufacturer, we are capable of manufacturing custom program order. With our own manufacturing facilities in China, Vietnam and Indonesia, we can offer our customers quality product and timely deliveries. Please call our customer service and ask for a custom program specialist.
Regents’ Professor and Carter N. Paden, Jr. Distinguished Chair in Metals Processing, Dave McDowell joined Georgia Tech in 1983 and holds a dual appointment in the GWW School of Mechanical Engineering and the School of Materials Science and Engineering. He served as Director of the Mechanical Properties Research Laboratory from 1992-2012. In 2012 he was named Founding Director of the Institute for Materials (IMat), one of Georgia Tech’s Interdisciplinary Research Institutes charged with fostering an innovation ecosystem for research and education. He has served as Executive Director of IMat since 2013. Dr. McDowell's research focuses on nonlinear constitutive models for engineering materials, including cellular metallic materials, nonlinear and time dependent fracture mechanics, finite strain inelasticity and defect field mechanics, distributed damage evolution, constitutive relations and microstructure-sensitive computational approaches to deformation and damage of heterogeneous alloys, combined computational and experimental strategies for modeling high cycle fatigue in advanced engineering alloys, atomistic simulations of dislocation nucleation and mediation at grain boundaries, multiscale computational mechanics of materials ranging from atomistics to continuum, and systems-based computational materials design. A Fellow of SES, ASM International, ASME and AAM, McDowell is the recipient of the 1997 ASME Materials Division Nadai Award for career achievement and the 2008 Khan International Medal for lifelong contributions to the field of metal plasticity. McDowell currently serves on the editorial boards of several journals, and is co-Editor of the International Journal of Fatigue.
Vinfo : Read Info documentation files | script karma Downloaded by 186 Comments, bugs, improvements script versions (upload new version) Vinfo is a Vim plugin that allows you to read Info documentation files right inside a Vim session in a Vim-help fashioned way or from a shell just the way you normally use Info. Vinfo can be used right inside a Vim session or from a shell using an alias. Use inside Vim You can use Vinfo inside Vim with: Where doc is the Info documentation to read. Example: Read Glibc Info documentation Use outside Vim When your are not inside a Vim session but in the shell prompt you can invoke Vinfo as a command by using the following shell script: vim -c \"Vinfo $1\" -c 'only' Save it in /usr/bin/ as a file named vinfo, give it execution permission with: $ chmod +x /usr/bin/vinfo Then from your shell you can read a DOC with: $ vinfo doc * Vinfo is Pathogen/ Vundle compatible. * Or install it manually by copying the files to the corresponding locations. Click on the package to download. ip used for rating:
While regulations vary by state, most states have traditionally not allowed you to manufacture food products in your home kitchen if you intend to sell them. In the past year or two, however, several states have enacted “Cottage Food” laws, whereby start up food producers CAN prepare certain foods in their homes without the usual licensing. Each state has its own guidelines regarding what kind of foods are allowed or prohibited, what the labeling requirements are, where these food products can be sold and more. These laws also cap gross sales, so once your sales go above that amount, you become subject to all the usual regulations. Your best bet is to do an online search on “cottage food laws” for more information about the specific rules and laws in your particular state. Some states with or without cottage food laws may still require your home kitchen meet commercial grade kitchen standards and pass a health department inspection. No one wants to find dog hair in their food! (In fact, every cottage food state prohibits pets from being in the home.) And even if you are allowed to use a home kitchen, you might still choose to find a commercial kitchen because it’s just more efficient. Once I moved to a kitchen that had the full size commercial ovens, planetary mixer and tons of counter space, there was no going back! It was so much easier and quicker to produce in that environment. So where do you look for commercial kitchen space? You have a lot of options. When you’re looking, keep an open mind and be willing to be creative. There’s really no reason for you to invest in creating your own commercial kitchen space at the start up phase (costs can easily reach $50,000 in no time!) unless you know for sure you have significant production contracts in hand that will justify the large capital outlay necessary. One choice is to rent space in a kitchen that is already licensed for commercial preparation. Many food entrepreneurs have started out using space in a restaurant, working there during the hours the restaurant is closed. Check out restaurants that are open only for breakfast and lunch; maybe you can use their space in the evenings. Talk to area caterers about using their kitchens too. Depending on what kind of catering they do, they may have the equipment you need. Many caterers aren’t very busy in their kitchens early in the week, so you could be in there on a Monday or Tuesday. Some areas of the country have incubator kitchens for early-stage food businesses. These facilities offer shared rental opportunities and are fully equipped and licensed. Sometimes these facilities are connected to a university. In other cases, this type of kitchen may cater to a specific type of food business, vegetarian or baking or canning only, for example. One place to look for these types of kitchens is www.CulinaryIncubator.com. If you’re making jam, beans, salsa or the like, you could find a local cannery or canning facility. This page has a list of canning kitchens: http://pickyourown.org/canneries.htm that may be a good start for you. Co-op kitchens are commercial kitchens that are set up for a variety of food producers and allow you to rent time and space in their facility. One example of such a facility is the Production Kitchen in West Palm Beach. Look online for this kind of arrangement in your area. Do you have a Moose, Elk, Knights of Columbus or Shriners lodge in your town? Believe it not, this was the place I used in the very beginning of my business’ life. I knew some of the Shriners from the Chamber of Commerce and they were happy to help me get started. They charged a minimal hourly rate and I used their kitchen on Mondays. The men who were members kind of adopted me as their own “cookie lady” and loved coming through the kitchen to see what was going on when I was working there. When it was time to move on, I ended up in a local church kitchen. Religious houses, like churches or synagogues, are great options because they aren’t usually in use during the week. And you might be surprised at how well-appointed these facilities are. I was! Not having had reason to be in one for years, I was thrilled to find three full-size commercial gas ovens, full-size baking pans, five or six cooling racks, a 35-gallon Hobart mixer, measuring spoons and cups, and an incredible amount of counter and refrigeration at my disposal. Like I mentioned earlier, there was no turning back to something smaller after that. As a note, you don’t necessarily have to be a member of the congregation to use their kitchen. Keep in mind that regardless of where you decide to produce your food product, even though that facility will (presumably) have proper licensing and insurance, you will still need some of your own licensing (at the least a city and/or county business license) and liability insurance. Some facilities, like the co-op kitchens, will have set prices for their use. Others, like the restaurants and churches, may not have ever participated in such an arrangement before, so you’ll have some flexibility in working with them to establish something that works for both of you. Make sure you know what kind of budget you have to spend on this. The very first place I used, before the Shriners, I negotiated an amount that turned out to be way too high (I wasn’t selling nearly enough product to cover my rent there), and I had very limited access to it. Fortunately I didn’t have a long-term agreement and I was able to get away after just a few months and move to the Shriners’ facility with much more favorable terms. When I started working at the church kitchen, payment was made as donations to the church because non-profit organizations cannot legally rent out kitchen space for a for-profit businesses. As with anything worth having or finding, you may encounter several rejections or dead ends as you search for the perfect place to produce your food product. I can’t recall exactly how many facilities I called. I left messages that weren’t returned and started hopeful conversations with countless people who never followed through. Be prepared for this journey and know that the right situation IS out there for you. Keep on searching and calling and you will meet with success!
Regular grooming is not just a luxury - it's essential to general health and well-being, especially for pets. Services include bath & brush treatments with high-quality organic shampoos, teeth brushing and nail trimming. Regular (Bath & Brush Only): $20.00 - $50.00 Deluxe (Includes Nail Trim, Teeth Cleaning, Ear Cleaning, Bath & Brush): $35.00 - $65.00 Prices are dependent on a variety of factors including the size of your dog. Furminator (De-Shedding) Treatment: $25.00 - $60.00 Deluxe Furminator Treatment: $40.00 - $75.00 Teeth Cleaning - $10.00 Nail Trim: $12.00 Ear Cleaning: $8.00 What else do we offer? A whole lot more than just daycare and boarding! We offer: - Puppy Postcards (a doggie report card, with pictures and/or text, delivered to your email) - One on One Time (for dogs that can't be in daycare) - ... AND a full retail store
Pinot Noir ("black Pinot") is the primary grape of red Burgundy wines from France. Producers from that region have long set the standard for wines made from this temperamental grape, which is extremely sensitive to climate, soil and temperature. But with warm days and cool nights, the Willamette Valley of Oregon, certain parts of New Zealand, and the Carneros and Russian River Valley areas of California are turning out better and better wines to challenge the dominance of Burgundy. It is the grape's thin skin and sensitivity to weather that limits its geography. Slight temperature changes, poorly timed or too-hard rainfall, and other conditions may ruin the grape crop and limit the amount of quality wine in any year. Pinot Noir (the wine) is opulent and velvety smooth, but there are distinctions. The French produce many lean and restrained versions, while American and New Zealand types are usually more full of fruit. Rich flavors and aromas of raspberry, strawberry, cherry, spice, earth and smoke entice the drinker. Pinot Noir often has a light garnet or ruby color, or perhaps strawberry red. It is relatively high in alcohol (13% to 15%), medium to high in acidity and low in tannins. It is a great accompaniment to smoked or broiled salmon, pork dishes, lamb and some heavier meats. It complements roast turkey and some savory chicken dishes as well. The wine’s acidity cuts through the fats and oils of these meats and cleanses the palate, readying the mouth for the next bite.? Interestingly, Pinot Noir—a red grape—is also the primary grape used in the production of Champagne. If a Champagne is made solely from red grapes—frequently all Pinot Noir—it is called blanc de noirs ("white wine from black grapes"). This kind of Champagne or sparkling wine is usually a bit heavier, richer and more golden in color compared to blanc de blancs ("white wine from white grapes"), which may be made exclusively from Chardonnay or a blend of red and white grapes.
Obviously, i survived Xmas in Chicago with the parents. Actually, it was surprisingly pleasant. My dad didn't yell too much. The worst was when my brother brought over his X-Box (since i was getting him a game for xmas) and my dad asked me "where did [your brother] plug it in?" I told him "Ext-3," since i thought he wanted to know what input to the TV he used. He repeated the exact same question, so i gave him the same answer figuring he didn't hear me. Then he yelled, quite loudly, "Where did he plug the power in?!?" You see, it was all my fault that he can't communicate so i deserved being yelled at. Anyway, presents went well. Usually in my family we make lists of what we want and then purchase gifts off that list so no one gets hurt. One year, my mom didn't make a list so i got her a Chia Hippo. She quickly remembered something she wanted so that i could exchange the hippo. I thought i learned her a lesson. I guess not, since neither parent came up with a list. Thus, i decided since my mom had expressed interest in wanting to see my townhouse, i thought i'd get plane tickets to fly them down to Houston for a visit. Hopefully, that will work out. Either way, my mommy was very pleased. I like pleasing my mommy. Getting back to Houston was slightly adventurous. On Saturday, i was involuntarily bumped from my return flight. As you know, i'm a cheap bastard and would usually volunteer to get bumped to get the Free Flight Voucher. However, they were going to put bumped people on an indirect flight through Denver, which wouldn't get in until 9+ hours later. I'm cheap, but not that cheap. Not surprisingly, there weren't enough volunteers, so i was forcibly bumped, but the gate attendant weaseled me into a First Class ticket on a direct flight just 5 hours later. During that time, i filled out comment cards saying how awesome her and the other gate attendant were. I'm like that, you know? That later flight, of course, was also overbooked and was looking for volunteers to be bumped. This time, the deal was a hotel stay, $9 in meal vouchers, a First Class ticket on an 8:15 flight Sunday morning, and the Free Flight Voucher. Since i'm a nice guy and the people who would have been forcibly bumped really looked like they needed to get on that flight, i volunteered. It wasn't me being cheap to get another Free Flight Voucher...no, no, i was being a nice guy. *cough* Anyway, that all worked well except that i didn't have a change in t-shirt or boxers with me. I lounged around in the hotel room sans shirt (you're welcome for the visual) so that it would get less stinky. I eventually made it back. I could have gotten yet another FFV on the 8:15 flight, except that would involve an indirect flight through New Orleans that arrived 6.5 hours later. I passed. Aren't you proud of me? Let's see, what other news do i have to report? The most exciting thing is that i'm getting LASIK on the 15th. This means that i have to wear glasses for about a month while my eyes adjust to non-contact wearing. I hate glasses. Then again, i hate contacts, too, which is why i'm getting my eyes zapped. Also, my friend got back to me and it looks like i'm finally going to go on that Germany trip this February i mentioned in the post above. I don't think i'll try to get bumped from that flight since there's only one direct flight from Houston to Frankfurt a day. See? Even i have limits to my miserliness.
Alley that runs north from Richmond toward Queen Street West. The laneway pictured in the above photo extends north from Richmond Street, west of Portland. It seems to be one of the favourites of Rick Mercer when he films his “rants” and rages in his inimitable style about some issue or another. His biting words are outrageously funny but also contain a great deal of truth. Another alley he frequently employs runs parallel with Queen Street West, extending from Portland to Bathurst Street. It is known as Graffiti Alley. Rick Mercer personally writes the material for the “rants” and walks past the graffiti in the laneways as he talks. You may recognize some of the graphics below. Most of them were created by Uber5000, one of the most prolific graffiti artists in the city. He came to Toronto from Nova Scotia and has painted numerous pieces of colourful art on the walls in Graffiti Alley and the surrounding laneways, as well as in the Kensington Market. I have also seen his work on Queen Street West and on Spadina, commissioned by the owners of the shops. Many tourist groups and Torontonians from throughout the city are often seen in the alleyways near Queen and Bathurst/Spadina. Most of them are avidly taking photos and videos of the art work. You may recognize some of the artwork below from the Rick Mercer Show. The yellow bird frequently appears in Uber500’s graffiti murals. The above murals are the work of Uber5000 This sea world fantasy covers the complete east and north facades of a building in the laneway. The north wall of the building with the sea world fantasy. Creating the sea world fantasy. An artist at work on a brick wall in McDougall Lane. The mural in McDougall Lane when completed Toronto is fortunate to have so many talented graffiti artists. To view others posts about the Toronto graffiti scene: New graffiti art in McDougall Lane The graffiti-decorated “hug-me-tree” on Queen Street West. Graffiti in a laneway amid the colours of autumn A mural in the Kensington Market, with tongue-in-cheek humour: To view the Home Page for this blog: https://tayloronhistory.wordpress.com/ To view previous blogs about other movie houses of Toronto—old and new To view links to other posts placed on this blog about the history of Toronto and its buildings: Recent publication entitled “Toronto’s Theatres and the Golden Age of the Silver Screen,” by the author of this blog. The publication explores 50 of Toronto’s old theatres and contains over 80 archival photographs of the facades, marquees and interiors of the theatres. It also relates anecdotes and stories from those who experienced these grand old movie houses. To place an order for this book: Another book, published by Dundurn Press, containing 80 of Toronto’s old movie theatres will be released in the spring of 2016, entitled, “Toronto’s Movie Theatres of Yesteryear—Brought Back to Thrill You Again.” “Toronto Then and Now,” published by Pavilion Press, explores 75 of the city’s heritage buildings. This book will also be released in the spring of 2016.
This installment of Research for Practice features a curated selection from Dan Crankshaw and Joey Gonzalez, who provide an overview of machine learning serving systems. What happens when we wish to actually deploy a machine learning model to production, and how do we serve predictions with high accuracy and high computational efficiency? Dan and Joey's picks provide a thoughtful selection of cutting-edge techniques spanning database-level integration, video processing, and prediction middleware. Given the explosion of interest in machine learning and its increasing impact on seemingly every application vertical, it is possible that systems such as these will become as commonplace as relational databases are today. Enjoy your read! No entries found
Pathways For Your Neural Pathways HIGH Beautifully simplistic visuals. LOW No colorblind options. WTF It’s cubes and cubes and cubes. HIGH Playing as a woman of color and exploring issues of motherhood. LOW The opening sequence presents forced, arbitrary choices. WTF Who knew a vice grip could double as handcuffs? HIGH The game creates (and requires) a tremendous amount of teamwork. LOW The physics are too slippery to build some of the tougher towers. WTF The dreadful wind and rain. This one was a bit of a puzzle, because elements beyond its control had me going in with expectations far higher than the game could have possibly achieved. I'll explain. There's a game called 'Infected: Twin Vaccine'. It's the second-best HOG ever made, right after Campfire Legends: The Babysitter. […] That's two games in a row that have just blown me away. Inspired by the high quality of the Grim Legends 3 beta, I resolved to check out the series it's the third entry in, and that has proved to be an incredibly fruitful decision. Song of the Dark Swan […] After being so impressed with the Grim Legends 3 beta, I thought it was high time to finally check out this series. This proved to be a solid decision, as Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride is a top-notch HOG experience in every way. From the opening moments as a […] This review is going to be a little less precise than usual, as Emerald Maiden was the subject of the first ever Hidden Object Drinking Game, so my judgement can't be trusted 100%. Still, I'm fairly comfortable with the amount of attention paid to the game, and that this […] HIGH The episode ends on a tense cliffhanger. LOW Missing a button in a QTE and doing a long sequence over again. WTF Zombies in the water? Isn't there some kind of rule about that? HIGH Figuring out the key to finishing the treehouses. LOW Unbearably long-winded audio logs and videos. WTF The credits.
By Anjali Mohapatra • March 22, 2015 There is a proverb, 'History repeats itself'. It is true, indeed! If we analyse retrospectively, we can connect the past with the present. Since this world is so vast, and millions of events occur in a fraction of second, we can only high-light a few incidence, which will satisfy the proverb. Let us start from the Stone Age. In Stone Age, people were nomadic, lack of civilisation, illiterate, and fierce. Their behaviour was not polished. Not that, they didn't have brain, but sense of humanity was lacking. As we know, we are entangled with laws of Nature, so also, they were enforced by nature fully. When they started living together, it was nothing but the unseen force 'necessity' and 'urgency of togetherness', compelled them to do so. So in due course of time, after passing through various metamorphosis, they learnt 'how to live a better life'. There after, they never looked back, till they reached to 'our present form'. What a victorious transformation!!! Now, what about us??? God has granted everything to us. We have our family, community, society, country, everything, but where are we heading now? Looking at the world wide current situation, is it not the most shouted question,'Are we going towards the prosperity of human race or we are marching forward to utter annihilation?' Whatever may be the case, today's scenario has urged us to 'Be human'. After achieving incredible success in every platform, such as literature, science, technology etc, we should not act like blindfolded human being. The ratio of good is to bad has changed unbelievably. Gradually, selfishness, treachery, power and money, have grabbed us from every side. It seems as if we are struggling to get ride of it, but we are not successful in our achievement. Our strength has become weaker than the strength of the vicious minds. We are transforming ourselves to be nomadic again. What a historical change again! So, why not we will extend our hands all together, so that we can hold ourselves tightly and together we can win the race of 'humanity verses inhumanity.' Let us try again and again till we succeed. Let us save our planet from further damage! Dad Working 3 Jobs Surprises Daughter With Dream Dress For 8th Grade Dance This Cat Returned Home With A Baby Opossum On Her Back Mom Puts Up Signs Asking To Borrow Someone's Orange Cat Happy Dog Steals The Show At Owners' Wedding Exhausted Firefighters Photographed Napping On The Ground While Fighting California Wildfires Meet Captain Cat Sparrow! This Sheep In A Tire Swing Is Going To Make Your Day Watch Missy Elliot's 'Funky White Sister' Sing 'Work It' At A Park Little Girl Reads Her Favorite Book To Her Cat And He's Loving It Restaurant Serves Smoked Watermelon And It's Prepared Just Like Meat She's Been Calling Her Neighbor By The Wrong Name For 14 Years
Producer: Pranav Tripathi Director: Rahul Antani Writer: Tushar Ishwar Cast: Rajiv Mehta, Riddhi Dave, Rahul Antani, Ajay Parekh, Pinky Jain, Titiksha Pandya, Abhijit Chitre, Kashyap Desai & Pranav Tripathi Heena (Riddhi Dave) moves into her good friend Rekha’s house after facing fight with her husband. There, Heena is allowed to realize that she could inherit Rs 500 crores from her uncle when she can confirm that she is leading happy marital life. Heena's uncle pays surprise visit as well as Heena ends up introducing Rekha’s spouse Dikabhai (Rajiv Mehta) as her hubby Rahul. One lie brings about a number of other lies and also comedy of mistakes starts.
Detention Facility Locator Verdin Law Firm, LLC provides services to clients nationwide. Below, the Detention Centers close to our North Texas offices. VERDIN Law Services VERDIN strives to provide our clients with the best possible legal representation in the field of immigration law. Our attorneys are dedicated to provide knowledgeable legal advice and representation in the following core services. Please click on the links below to view details of VERDIN Immigration Law Practices. E-1 Treaty Trader E-2 Treaty Investor E-3 Australian Specialty Occupation H-1B Specialty Occupation H-1B1 Chilean/Singaporean Specialty Occupation H-3 Trainee or Special Education Exchange Visitor J-1 Exchange Visitor O-1 Individuals with Extraordinary Ability or Achievement P-1A Internationally Recognized Athletes P-1B Member of an Internationally Recognized Entertainment Group P-2 Reciprocal Exchange Program Artists and Entertainers P-3 Culturally Unique Artists and Entertainers TN-1 Canadian NAFTA Professionals TN-2 Mexican NAFTA Professionals EB-1A Extraordinary Ability in the Sciences, Arts, Education, Business or Athletes EB-1B Outstanding Researchers and Professor EB-1C Multinational Executives and Managers EB-3 Professionals, Skilled Workers, or Unskilled/Other Workers EB-5 Immigrant Investor Program, Permanent Residency
Monk’s headquarters is located in Morristown, NJ along the Country Mile on Route 202 between Talbots and Wightman’s Farm. From the Morristown Green, take Rt 202 South. We will be on the right-hand side after you pass the Market Taverne. From Rt. 287, take Exit 30B. Make a right on Rt. 202 / Mt. Kemble Ave. at The Olde Mill Inn. We are less than a mile up the road on the left-hand side. Primarily we will be meeting with you at your home. However, you can also meet with us here if you choose. Our Estimators and Project Managers are based here, though they spend most of their time in the field. All of our operations are based out of Morristown, NJ including our call center, accounting, and showroom ordering. If you choose to make a payment in person, you can do so here. |Monday||7:30 AM - 6:00 PM| |Tuesday||7:30 AM - 6:00 PM| |Wednesday||7:30 AM - 6:00 PM| |Thursday||7:30 AM - 6:00 PM| |Friday||7:30 AM - 6:00 PM| |Saturday||9:00 AM - 5:00 PM|
This is the perfect time for you to live out your wildest travel dreams. Start with a camel trek across the Gobi Desert followed by a visit to the land of dinosaurs. Or perhaps you’d prefer something more adventurous like the excitement and exhilaration of a kayaking or rafting experience with your family and friends. If you are an avid history buff, why not try a tour of some traditional monasteries, live with a nomad family and/or visit the birthplace of the legendary Genghis Khan. Better yet, combine all of these and go on the trip of a lifetime! There are 3 different tour types to choose from, making it easy to find the perfect itinerary and trip for you. Find your perfect trip now Filter By : ThemeTop 10 small group tours Short & Day trips (1-6 day) Horse or Camel riding Festivals & Events Culture & Nomad lifestyle Trekking & Hiking Bird watching & wildlife Fishing & Dog sledding Motorcycle & Jeep tour Buddhist monasteries tours Historical & Exploring tour Photographing & Filming Motorcycle & Bike Community Based tours Recommended for you Oyunaa / OYUNGEREL MANDSHIR/ is your travel advisorContact her now Discover Mongolia Tour Do you want to experience all Mongolia has to offer but don't know where to start? To see not only the boundless steppe and Gobi deserts but to also explore the historical sites and meet the people? Then this tour is for you. Amazing scenery, history, wildlife and adventure await on this fabulous... Beauty of Mongolia Tour To truly experience all of the natural beauty that Mongolia has to offer, you will want to take our Beauty of Mongolia tour. You’ll experience the vast steppes, the Gobi’s sand dunes, the freshwater rivers and lakes, and the ancient temples and monasteries. Naiman Lake Horse Riding and Karakorum Naadam This is a wonderful tour even if you haven’t ridden a horse in the past. You’ll experience the life of a nomad, beautiful scenery, and the wonderful Naadam festival. All in all you will have an amazing two weeks in Mongolia. Taste of Mongolia Tour This is the tour for those who truly want to experience Mongolia. From horse trekking to a visit to Karakorum City, you’ll experience Mongolia at its finest. A tour highlight is tasting traditional Mongolian barbecue prepared in a traditional fashion. Mongolian Gobi Tour 4 - Days When most people think of deserts, they think of a lot of sand. But the Mongolian Gobi is not like that, as you will see on this tour. It has a lot of vegetation, steppe, and is home to a lot of camel herders. The tour includes the sand dunes of Khongor, Eagle Valley, and the home of the dinosaur... Western Mongolia Highlights tour Are you adventurous? Then you’ll love our western Mongolia tour. Travel through the Altai Mountains’ snow-capped peaks and wonder at the forest zones of Bayan-Olgii aimags, Khovd, and Uvs, the lakes, streams, and rivers. There are also 10 different nomadic groups living in the area. Chinggis Khan statue & Terelj national park Perhaps you are visiting Mongolia but you don’t have a lot of time. With the Terelj National Park tour, you’ll visit an iconic part of Mongolia in just one day. You’ll notice how the scenery changes from the city to the rural area and visit a nomadic family so that you’re able to experience their... Introduction to Nomadic Life Tour Among the many reasons that people come to Mongolia is because they are curious about the nomadic lifestyle. If you are interested in the nomadic lifestyle, this is the tour for you. You will visit the nomad families and experience their culture, traditions, and way of life. Mongolia Naadam Festival and Gobi Tour - 2018 Are you interested in experiencing two of the biggest things that Mongolia has to offer? This is the tour to take. You’ll experience Mongolia’s biggest festival and all of its sites and then the marvelous Gobi Desert. Karakorum and Elsen Tasarkhai Tour 3 - Days Therefore, during this trip, you have the chance to experience noteworthy historical, religious, natural and adventurous side of Mongolia, all in one short period of time. BENEFITS OF GROUP TOURS - Discover the best there is of Mongolia - Save money and have fun - It’s made easier and safer in a group - No stress of planning itineraries - Make friends from all over the world - Perfect for individual travellers and friends - Group size is small; max 16 people - Departure is always guaranteed, down to a one traveller
I hope you enjoyed this video, I love playing Clash of Clans i really appreciate it when viewers comment, like and subscribe I do read all the comments and try to reply to as many as I can. I tend to focus on tutorial, let's plays and special series and clash events. Check out the Clashoff collaboration series with a bunch of other amazing clash you tubers. I've been to see supercell a few times now, I do make boom beach videos also although i'd consider myself a more casual player. I don't gem aside from making troops for videos and donations - i've never gemmed resources although on very rare occasions when I needed to end a build that was going to finish whilst i was asleep i have gemmed a few hours of the time.
Tickets sold out early for the 17th PechaKucha San Antonio event at the McNay Art Museum – just as the happy hour began at 6:30 p.m. A word of advice for those interested in attending the next event at the Briscoe Western Art Museum in May: when tickets go on sale online, get them. If you can’t do that, show up at 6 p.m. A capacity audience of 400 people filled the event space for the increasingly popular event that featured eight entertaining and educational rapid-fire presentations of creative thinking and work from a succession of artists, an architect, a social media journalist, a competitive Scrabble enthusiast, a home inspector, and other interesting locals. The event always attracts an interesting mix of young professionals, Baby Boomers, and family members of all ages (though it’s defiantly PG-13). The night began, as it always does, with a comedic warm-up and introduction into the world of PechaKucha from longtime WOAI-TV anchor Randy Beamer. Each presenter, selected by PechaKucha San Antonio’s volunteer staff through a simple application process, gets 20 slides in a PowerPoint-esque format. The twist is, the slide show is automated to allow only 20 seconds per slide – then it’s onto the next. The result is a fast-paced presentation, one that is often insightful, emotional, educational, and usually, entertaining, on a range of topics from “this is what I do for a living” pitches to far more elcletic “who knew?” peeks into the eccentric pursuits of others. “Some of it’s funny, some of its sad. Some of it is not meant to be funny or sad, but it will be,” Beamer said. The PKSA team experienced its first episode of technical difficulties, but they were resolved soon enough and the presentations ensued. In the spirit of PechaKucha’s short and sweet attitude, I’ll try to keep these brief to tease you to come to the next event. I’ll let photojournalist Scott Ball’s work say the rest (see photos at top and below). Architect Richard Mogas: Equitable Architecture From low-income housing to mansions in McCallen, sustainable design is always an option. His goal is to “make architecture accessible to as many people as possible without making it an elitist process – everyone should be able to afford good architecture.” Artist Lauren Browning: How to Love Abstract Art “Seek out your favorite part and save the rest for later – or never.” Look for movement, balance, and use of light. Sculptures find inspiration in nature, she said, recalling that an artist friend of hers stopped in her tracks to admire mold on a concrete walkway. Scrabbler Alex Rivard: That’s Not a Word Advice: Memorize the Cheat Sheet, but never get caught actually cheating. Parting words: “Tournament Scrabble is a force for good in the world. See you in Reno (at the national championships in July).” Artist Jack McGilvry: This is My Other Family “No one said smile for the camera for the first time I can remember,” she said, describing the night her father was arrested when she was a child and her bruises were photographed by police. “To address social issues in art is an attempt to effect change and give a voice to that which is overlooked. It is to advocate for the ignored.” Executive Director Taj Matthews: What Can You Do For Your Community? The Claude & Zernona Black Developmental Leadership Foundation changes lives every day by introducing at-risk children and teens to people, places, and opportunities they would normally never get to see. “Why are those things necessary? To remove many of the excuses that many of these young people have; ‘no one cared,’ ‘no one showed me these things,’ ‘I didn’t know there was something better out there.’ ” Artist Ryan Takaba: Buddhism in Honolulu “Every morning my grandmother, who is now 90, visits my (deceased) grandfather” kept alive in a bedroom shrine. His latest installation is modified each day for 49 days, an intimate ceremony of nature and family. Each piece also changes the space/environment around it in subtle but symbolic ways. Home Inspector Larry Wedige: It’s the Best Job I’ve Ever Had Kittens stuffed in mason jars, the great Fire Ant versus Yellow Jacket war, the dangers of laundry lint, good thing Wedige has X-ray – rather, thermal imaging – vision for his home inspection business. Media Consultant Sarah Fisch: Praising the Aardvark of New Media Born with “pediatric resting bitch face,” Fisch is a writer and comedian currently navigating the world of social media consultancy with ADHD, which is, she said, an advantage for all multitaskers. “It’s pretty impossible, especially right now, for an arts writer to make a living.”
The 17-year-old who was indicted on terrorist charges in Oslo came from the North Caucasus. Young people from this area are very vulnerable to radicalisation, said a mosque leader. Several of those who have traveled from Norway to fight in Syria, have a background from the same region, wrote VG newspaper. ‘I find that there is a huge danger of radicalisation of our youth’, said Aslan Shamsaev to the newspaper. He is the leader and patron of the Chechen Islamic Cultural Center, which has two mosques in Oslo and Sandvika. Most of the approximately 1,100 members are Chechens. ‘Young people from this area have seen war and injustice from the Russian side, and it makes it easier to draw them in. It is easy to use religion, and relate it to the North Caucasus situation, and say that the same circumstances are now unfolding in Syria. Young people are easily deceived’, said Shamsaev. He tells of people who come and ask about things they have seen on the net that may be intended to radicalise them. ‘They wonder if there is something in religion that requires them to follow the message they are receiving from the internet. Then we answer that it is illegal, and that the message does not correspond to Islam’, he said. Source: NTB scanpix / Norway Today
Get the dependable service you need When it comes to GE Range repair in Berryville, VA, we recognize that speedy, effective service is key. After all, your stove is an important part of your regular kitchen routine. Rest assured, the local technicians at GE Appliances Factory Service are ready to provide fast, precise and effective repairs, so you can get back to whipping up your favorite dishes in no time. In fact, our technicians usually complete repairs in just one visit*. Call us today or Schedule a Service Online! Experience our Difference Quality service from trusted local technicians 5-year limited replacement parts warranty Professional repairs at affordable rates When you choose our local Berryville technicians, you can be sure you’re getting the best in GE Appliances expertise. With GE Appliances Factory Service, you can also count on quality stove repairs at a price you can afford. However, in the event that replacing your range proves to be more cost-effective than repairs, we’ll provide you with a Prepaid Visa Card valued up to 15% on a GE Monogram Appliance purchase, up to $100 on a GE Cafe or GE Profile Appliance purchase, and $50 on a GE Artistry or GE Series Appliance purchase. - A courtesy call 30 minutes prior to the arrival of your technician - Genuine GE Appliances Parts - Easy-to-use online scheduling and a range of appointment times - 5-Year Limited Part Warranty and a 30-Day Limited Labor Warranty
Formats for Resumes Luxury Professional Resume Word Template Simple Best Examples Resumes Beautiful formats for Resumes – Through the thousands of photos on the web regarding formats for resumes , choices the top selections together with greatest quality simply for you, and this pictures is usually one of graphics selections within our finest images gallery in relation to Beautiful formats for Resumes. I’m hoping you will want it. That impression (Formats for Resumes Luxury Professional Resume Word Template Simple Best Examples Resumes) previously mentioned can be labelled using: format for in e statement,format for internship letter,formats for,formats for a formal letter,formats for business letters,formats for business plans,formats for certificates,formats for cover letter,formats for hdd,formats for journal writing,formats for magic the gathering,formats for memorandum,formats for movie maker,formats for open office,formats for pany profile,formats for professional resume,formats for research papers,formats for writing an article,re mended formats for youtube,resume formats for freshers pdf, submitted by admin in 2017-10-13 23:40:58. To discover most pictures in Beautiful formats for Resumes photos gallery remember to follow this specific link. The Most Elegant as well as Stunning formats for resumes for Really encourage The house Present Property|Warm WishHouse
Victor's First Road Trip 05.05 - Adler Family Victor's First Road Trip 05.05 He seems a little bored with this posing stuff. Already a fan of Henry Winkler's the Fonz. Photos from This Gallery Buy Photo Package Buy Gallery Download Create a Card Build a Book
Real Business Challenge Final Regional Winners Impress at National Finals After winning the South East Area Final in November The group travelled to the grand final to compete against schools from across the country in January 2011 where they also received a prize of the 'London Experience' including a hotel stay, show and limousine ride. Sadly they did not win the national final, but they were a credit to the school. Members of the public complemented the staff on the girls behaviour whilst in the hotel. The event organisers were also most enthusiastic about the contribution that the girls made. Well done to all those who took part - they have been great ambassadors for the school. Group So-Low: Evonnee Bentley-Holder, Bidhya Gurung, Martha Gurung, Mary Gurung, Sophiya Gurung, Lucy Hall, Anastasia Lohachova and Martha Tekleyesus. Here are some photos from the National Final.
Personal Loan In Chennai The capital city of Tamil Nadu, Chennai lies on India’s east coast. A microcosm of food and culture, Chennai is a popular travel destination for tourists (Indians and Foreigners). The city has a well set up industrial scene and bustling IT-infrastructure. Availing a Personal loan in Chennai is easy thanks to the many Banks and NBFC’s that have set up shop in the city. You can either apply online on their websites or visit the nearest branch. Features & Benefits of a Chennai Personal Loan Applying for a personal loan in Chennai comes with its many advantages and benefits. These are a few of the reasons why a personal loan is the preferred credit lending option. - No asset/collateral required - Fixed Rate of Interest - Flexible Loan Tenure (Max 5 Years) - Easy Installment options - Loan EMI Calculator – Know the monthly installments you’ll have to pay for your required loan amount using this banking tool - Freedom of use - Minimal documentation - Fast processing - Competitive Interest Rates Documents required for a Personal Loan in Chennai One of the highlights of choosing a Chennai Personal Loan is the minimal documentation required to be presented while applying for one. Here, we take a look at the necessary documents to be produced with your loan application. |Photo I.D proof (Passport, driving license, voter ID and PAN card)||Photo I.D proof (Passport, driving license, voter ID and PAN card)| |Proof of Residence (rental agreement, water/electricity bills not older than 3 months)||Proof of Residence (rental agreement, water/electricity bills not older than 3 months)| |Salary slips (last 3 months)||Audited financials for the last two years| |2 passport size photographs||Address proof of office| |Latest 3 months bank statement (where salary income is credited)||Proof of business continuity| Eligibility for a Chennai Personal Loan Before you can apply for a personal loan in Chennai, you will need to meet the following eligibility criteria: - Salaried Individuals - Be between the age of 21-65 - Minimum monthly income of INR 15,000 - Not have too many pending loan repayments - Have a CIBIL score of at least 750 - Max Loan amount granted is INR 15 Lakhs - Interest Rates vary between 12.99% – 15.50% - Self-Employed Individuals - Between the age of 25-65 - INR 15-40 Lakhs Turnover - In current business for at least 5 years (3 for doctors) - Interest Rates vary between 12.99 % – 20 % Chennai Personal Loan Interest Rates |Interest Rate||12.99% – 20%| |Processing Charges & Fees||0.5% – 2.5%| |Pre-payment Charges||2% – 5%| |Average Loan Tenure||1-5 Years| Personal Loan in Chennai A sudden financial need or distress can happen to anyone. In such cases, a personal loan comes in handy. It is easy to apply for and does not require any guarantee to be put up. This coupled with fast processing make the Chennai personal loan an attractive credit lending option. Chennai has a number of banks and NBFC’s that offer a personal loan. You can apply for it online on their website or by visiting your nearest branch. Various Lenders offering a Chennai Personal Loan The various banks/NBFC’s offering a personal loan in Chennai are given below: - State Bank of India (SBI) Personal Loan - Aditya Birla Personal Loan - Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Personal Loan - Tata Capital Personal Loan - ICICI Bank Personal Loan - Indian Bank Personal Loan - Andhra Bank Personal Loan - Axis Bank Personal Loan - HDFC Bank Personal Loan - Kotak Mahindra Bank Personal Loan - Fullerton India Personal Loan - Oriental Bank of Commerce Personal Loan - Standard Chartered Bank Personal Loan - Citibank Personal Loan - Syndicate Bank Personal Loan - Punjab National Bank Personal Loan - Corporation Bank Personal Loan - Karur Vysya Bank Personal Loan Getting a low Interest Rate Personal Loan in Chennai As a personal loan does not require any assets or guarantee, lenders charge higher rates of interest. Thus, to ensure you pay as less interest as possible, we have compiled a list of the top factors that can help you in getting a low interest on your personal loan in Chennai. - Good CIBIL/Credit Score (Around 750) - Good Debt-Income Ratio (No more than 40% of income should go toward debt payments) - Loan EMI Calculator – Use online tools to calculate best Interest rate amounts for you - Good employment records translate to better Interest rates - Short loan repayment tenure Chennai Personal Loan Interest Rates (2018) |Bank||Interest Rates (Fixed)||Processing Fee||Max Loan Amount||Personal Loan Tenure| |ICICI Bank||11.59% – 18.49%||2.25% (min. Rs.1149)||Rs.20 lakh||1-5 Years| |CitiBank||10.99% – 15.99%||1% to 2.5%||Rs.30 lakh||1-5 Years| |Kotak Mahindra Bank||11.49% – 20.15%||Up to 2%||Rs.15 lakh||1-5 years| |Fullerton||17.25% – 37%||1.5% to 6.0%||Rs.15 Lakh||1-4 Years| |Bank of Baroda||11.35% – 14.35%||Rs.1,000 to Rs.10,000||Rs.20,000 – Rs.2 lakh||4 Years (Max)| |State Bank of India||12.90% – 14.90%||1%||Rs.24,000 – 15 lakh||5 Years| |Aditya Birla||11.5% – 13.25%||Nil||Rs.30 lakh||1-5 Years| |Allahabad Bank||13.10%||1.22%||Rs.50,000- Rs.7.5 lakh||1-5 Years| |Yes Bank||14%||Up to 2%||Rs.20 lakh||1-5 Years| Monthly Income Requirements for Chennai Personal Loan Every Bank/NBFC looks at your monthly income as a benchmark to assess your personal loan amount as well as eligibility. In order to ensure your personal loan application goes through, your salary needs to be within the required range. - For Salaried Individuals – INR 7,5000 – INR 50,000 (on Average) - For Self-Employed Individuals – INR 1 – 2 Lakhs profit per annum FAQ’s for Chennai Personal Loans - What is the minimum CIBIL score required to avail a personal loan? It is advised to have a CIBIL score of at least 750 before you apply for a personal loan - What are the factors that determine my personal loan interest rate? Your CIBIL score, previous loans, pending loan repayments, average monthly income, and employment history are used to determine the personal loan interest rate - Will failure to pay my EMI affect my CIBIL score? Yes. Your score will take a hit if you fail to keep up with your monthly loan repayments. - Can I prepay the remaining loan amount before the end of the loan period? Most Banks allow full or partial repayment with minimal charges - What are the additional charges on a personal loan? A processing fee of 2.0-5.0% will be charged on your personal loan - Will the loan amount be disbursed in installments? No. Your entire loan amount is disbursed once your application has been approved.
2012-07-10 08:16 PM i am a newbie of netapp. I have a question about DFM. I downloaded dfmsetup-4-0-2-win32 and nmconsole-setup-3-0-2-win32. and I installed them on my VM(windows2008, the IP is 10.73.203.XX) successfully. I can log in http://10.73.203.XX:8080/ with my domain account to browse the operation manager; I can also log in NetApp Management Console 3.0.2 via my domain account. but the issue is that there is no data, no storage found yet. The IP network of my storage is 10.73.202.XX; and the BMC IP of my storage is 10.74.240.XX. as per the DMF doc, no configuration needed. the DFM will auto-discovery the filer within a few minutes if the network allows it. but currently I can't get answer if I ping the storage IP 10.73.202.XX or the BMC IP 10.74.240.XX from the windows server. this is a network zone with strict network security rules. The permissions are allowed on demand. what am supposed to do? I mean do I need to open ports? if yes, which ports do I need to open then the DFM can discover the storage filer? there are ports what I got from the DFM doc. but I am not sure whether they are enough. ssh 22(ssh), 80(http), 443(https),10000(ntdmp ), 514(rsh) Please help point the right direction. thanks in advance! 2012-07-10 09:38 PM Can you check whether windows firewall is enabled on your win2k8 server? You should be able to ping the storage from DFM server. Also try resolving your storage system from the DFM server. Once ping works fine, You can as well add your storage system to DFM using the following command "dfm host add <storage system ip>" and set the credentials for the storage system using "dfm host set <storage system ip> hostLogin=<user name> hostPassword=<password>" 2012-07-10 10:08 PM You can add storage using NMC. In NMC, under provisioning and protection dashboard, Click on " Hosts-> Storage Systems" 1. to add new Netapp storage click on add 2. To set credentials for filers in DFM, click on Edit else, from cli, run # dfm host add <storage system ip> 2012-07-11 12:00 AM The discovery of storage systems on the network depends on the prefix length too. Is the prefix length allowing the dfm ip to reach the storage systems ip ? 2012-07-11 10:05 PM "under provisioning and protection dashboard, Click on " Hosts-> Storage Systems" I don't have "provisioning and protection" in dashboard...I think we do purchase that...............please look into the following screenshot. I indeed can see "provisioning and protection dashboard" in other DFM box. so how can I make "provisioning and protection dashboard" show up? 2012-07-11 10:27 PM In NMC Please check for: Help->about-Licenses. You need to have below below licenses: 1. Protection with Disaster Recovery Once you have this, Provisioning and protection manager Dashboard appears. Please refer attachment. 2012-07-16 08:20 PM I clicked Help->about-Licenses, but there is no " Protection with Disaster Recovery" and "Provisioning"..... I have " Protection with Disaster Recovery" and "Provisioning". in our exsiting DFM server........but it's empty on these 2 boxes I installed DFM and NMC last week.... How can I make them appear? 2012-07-16 08:32 PM What version of DFM are you running ? Are you on 5.0 ? If so you wont see that as starting Oncommand 5.0 you have only one license namely core license and that enables all features like protection, provisioning etc upto 250 nodes. 2012-07-16 08:37 PM I installed DFM(version:18.104.22.16803) and NMC(version:3.0.2)on windows 2008 seems I didn;t license the feature...during the installation process, I only type the "Core" license C:\Users\iyang>dfm license list Provisioning Error: Provisioning Manager: not licensed. But I am sure we have purchased the license since I can see both Protection with Disaster Recovery" and "Provisioning" in our old DFM server. so How can I know our license for Protection with Disaster Recovery" and "Provisioning"..... and import them to our new DFM boxes? thanks very much!
Well, I always hope that I'm a role model. Yeah, I'm sure there are stereotypes of Asian people. I live most of the time in New York now. I have an apartment there. Even from a listening end now, I'm still completely a fan of music. We have a partnership deal with New Line Records, which is part of New Line Cinema, and... I worked on that. Well, I'm pretty domestic actually. I walk my dog. I go grocery shopping. I hang out with friends. I'm pretty normal, whatever normal is, on my off time. Musicians always come off sounding a little bit pretentious, and a little bit... I don't know, hypocritical, from what they do, talking about strong issues. If you put all the songs together that I've written on band records, and put it up next to my solo record, there's definitely a different kind of feel than Billy's songs. No, I've heard over the years that it's nice for them to see somebody who's like, you know, a well-known successful musician who's Asian. I've heard it from a few musicians, too.
Calling all selfie loving square shooters — we’ve got a spectacular new Lomo’Instant Square competition just for you! The selfie revolution may have emerged during the digital age, but that doesn’t mean it should stay that way. Forget selfie sticks and smartphones, the Lomo’Instant Square features a discrete little mirror next to the shutter release which is ideal for taking picture perfect selfies. It’s also armed with a self timer, a powerful flash, and a built in remote control which you can whip out when the feeling takes you — so come on, let’s see those winning smiles! The Perfect Prize! The winner of our square selfie competition will win a Diana F+, a legendary little square-format camera that boast over 200 different shooting possibilities! The second best square selfie will be rewarded with a DIY Lomorello Photo Album, perfect for pasting all your favorite shots into, and 20 Piggies. And finally, three runners up will receive 20 Piggies each to spend in the Lomography Online Shop. Start snapping some selfies, y'all! ;) - Diana F+ × 1 - DIY Lomorello Album + 20 Piggies × 1 - 20 piggies × 3
THE EDI EXIT SURVEY The EDI measures the satisfaction levels of departing employees across 64 survey items. These are items are grouped into 12 drivers for reporting purposes. The EDI+ has an added measure of including the Manager’s perceptions of what they believe the satisfaction ratings to be, from the view of the Employee. The 10 minute online survey is completed by the Employee during their notice period. It contains 64 items and requires a Satisfaction Score Rating between 1-6, and an Importance Score Rating from 1-5 per item. Verbatim Comments are also included.
After more than 100 weekly tips, the publication of a first book in December 2015 (French only) and the preparation of a second by the end of this year, the time has come to renew the format of our ZE Thursday Tips! Starting next week, every Thursday, we’ll post an inspirational quote that will help us remember and refer back to the best practices in building effective presentations and speaking engagements that make an impact. Once is not custom, so we’ll begin with a quote, by an anonymous source: “Do what you can, but what you can, do it.” A sports coach used to use this quote with his teams and the phrase has unfortunately circulated without the author’s name. To help those of you who are struggling to get into the post holiday rhythm, here’s a selection of our past articles on motivation and procrastination: - How to get motivated? - Identify stress in yourself and others! - Stress: the longer it lasts, the worse it is! - How to free yourself from how others perceive you?
Corporate Housing alludes to leasing completely outfitted lofts for the individuals who are looking for settlement on the brief premise. These condos are all around furnished with a wide range of conveniences that a lodging would normally offer in the wake of charging an exorbitant price. These corporate houses are offered by various lodging organizations for adaptable span of remains. It implies that one can remain for the more extended number of days if there should be an occurrence of expansions in work plan for obscure areas. Advantages Of Corporate Housing Corporate Housing is a cost-productive alternative since they are more agreeable and practical than remaining at a lodging. This is a superior choice for officials going for business visits in that capacity condos offer courses of action to permit directing conferences as well. Likewise, these flats are accessible in prime areas to offer ideal availability to most critical spots and points of interest, with insignificant drive times, you can accomplish significantly more work. In addition, any expansions in the stay won’t be an expensive arrangement for the organization. Alongside cost adequacy and staying adaptability, they likewise guarantee ideal solace and security. Every corporate condo are completely outfitted, have washers, dryers, kitchen, meeting space, protection, security and other stimulation alternatives. Subsequently, one feels as though they are remaining in their second home, as opposed to remaining in lodgings. Not only for business voyagers, but rather they are a standout amongst the most-favored choices for understudies searching for transitory settlement for whatever length of time that a semester, vacationers and explorers, individuals who need to redesign their home, and so forth. Such offices address one of the most concerning issues of individuals who go for business particularly longer term, the absence of home cooked and solid/nutritious sustenance. With Corporate Housing, individuals can go to the store, get back home, and cook anything of their decision in the secluded and completely prepared kitchen. Live Out Of Your Suitcase Corporate Housing encourages individuals with lavish settlement for impermanent remains on the rental premise. They are profoundly savvy, arranged close prime areas and let one carry on with an ordinary way of life, regardless of whether they are on a business visit, seeking after investigations or remaining out of their homes attributable to a few different reasons. They give all the vital offices at bring down expenses than lodging bills, and guarantee an unattractive situation. Corporate Housing remains as a win-win choice for business explorers and the organization, concerning the individual, it is particularly agreeable alternative, with every one of the conveniences while it fits in the strictest spending plan of the organization.
Campbell County, Kentucky Piano Tuning FRANK RENFROW PIANO TUNER-TECHNICIAN YES I STILL DO PIANO TUNINGS! (Updated Autumn of 2017) I HAVE NO PLANS TO RETIRE! Best way to reach me is by email at 2nd Best way to reach me is to text or call my cell phone at: If you call me I may not answer my phone immediately but will endeavor to answer your voicemail message as soon as possible. - Serving Greater Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky. - Now celebrating 42 years in the profession - 11 years with Baldwin Piano Company in Cincinnati, now independent. - Steinway dealership trained with state and federal certification. - EXPERT PIANO TUNING - REPAIRS, minor repairs and adjustments including: - pitch raises, action adjustments, action regulation, individual string replacements and pedal adjustments. Experienced in all facets of both vertical and grand piano regulation and repairs. - INCORPORATING a lifetime of experience in diagnosing and resolving problems with sticking and sluggish keys. Text or call Call Frank Renfrow at 859-653-1460 1886 Ebony Steinway & Sons Upright Piano This Steinway Upright Piano has a very nice Victorian era styling and appearance. Very nice keys (it has modern keytop replacements), a very nice Steinway! Serial number 55987 1910 Mahogany Steinway & Sons Upright Piano This Steinway Upright Piano has an unusually fine mahogany grain, Very close to flame mahogany in aspect, with cabriole-style legs The action is in very good condition for it's age. Very nice ivories, a very nice Steinway! Sounds, plays great. serial number 142642 1875 Steinway & Sons fine Victorian Upright Piano This is a very early Steinway Upright with an 85 key compass. beautiful original rosewood finish, wonderful Victorian styling, and finely carved cabriole style legs. This Steinway has new strings, new tuning pins, new hammers and new damper felts as well. A very nice playing and sweet sounding early cottage upright. Text or Call Frank Renfrow at 859-653-1460
Graduate Faculty News: Frederick Amrine gave numerous talks on Goethe, on Rudolf Steiner, and on Youth Movements from the 19th to the 21st centuries in the past year. These lectures took him to Greece, Turkey, and Canada, as well as Pittsburgh, Seattle, and a number of talks right here in Ann Arbor. He will be returning to Athens and Istanbul for repeat engagements this coming summer. Recent publications include ongoing translations and editorial contributions to the Collected Works of Rudolf Steiner, as well as forthcoming publications on “The Music of the Organism: Uexküll, Zuckerkandl, Merleau-Ponty, and Deleuze as Goethean Ecologists in Search of a New Paradigm” (forthcoming in a special issue of The Goethe Yearbook devoted to Goethe and ecology); “‘The Magic Formula We All Seek’: Spinoza + Fichte = x” (forthcoming in At the Edges of Thought: Deleuze and Post-Kantian Philosophy, ed. Daniela Voss and Craig Lundy. Edinburgh University Press); and “Goethe as Mystagogue” (forthcoming in The Goethe Yearbook) Kerstin Barndt has been invited to deliver the keynote address for a graduate student conference at Indiana University this February, where she will talk on “Layers of Time. Tropes of Stratification in Contemporary Museum Culture.” Together with Carla Sinopoli, Professor Barndt has also submitted a research grant and book proposal to investigate the history of scientific collections at the University of Michigan. The results of this project will be presented during the University’s bicentennial celebrations in 2017. Geoff Eley’s coedited volume, German Colonialism in a Global Age, ed. with Bradley D. Naranch, is out from Duke University Press. It also contains an article by our colleague George Steinmetz. In late June and early July 2014 he visited at the University of Bielefeld for two weeks giving some talks and seminars. Peter McIsaac spoke on “Kulturwissenschaftliche Überlegungen zu populären anatomischen Ausstellungen” at the meeting of the Arbeitskreis Moulagen at the Deutsches Hygiene-Museum Dresden this past November. At the 2015 MLA convention in Vancouver, he was the respondent on the panel, “Interrogating the Contemporary: Present Pasts,” organized by the Division on 20th-Century German Literature. Here at Michigan, Professor McIsaac’s digital humanities project on mainstream German periodicals was one of five selected to be part of a larger study on “The Science of Data Science,” (PI: Carl Lagoze, UMSI). This project, which is funded by the Alfred P. Sloan and the Gordon and Betty Moore foundations and made available through the Mcubed Diamond Program, aims to study groundbreaking data-driven and interdisciplinary research projects. Robin Queen’s new book, Vox Popular: The Surprising Life of Language in the Media just appeared in print from Wiley-Blackwell (2015). Congratulations! Johannes von Moltke gave presentations on Siegfried Kracauer as a “Curious Humanist” at the Université de Montréal and the University of Chicago this past November. In March, he will contribute to a panel on “Totalitarian Communication and the Critical Theory of Propaganda” at the annual conference of the Society for Cinema and Media Studies, before heading to New York for a conference on “Transatlantic Theory Transfer: Missed Encounters?” where he will speak on the American reception of Siegfried Kracauer. This coming May, Professor von Moltke will once again host the German Film Institute at UM, which will again be directed by Anton Kaes (Berkeley) and Eric Rentschler (Harvard). This year’s theme is “The Futures of the Past: German Cinema and Its Media.” Kalli Federhofer chaired a panel on "Soccer: New Goals for the Curriculum" at ACTFL (American Council on Teaching of Foreign Languages) in San Antonio last November. Earlier last year, he also provided a "Professional Development Night" on soccer to high school teachers and professors at AP Reading in Cincinnati. Here at Michigan, he was awarded a Professional Development Grant from CRLT, was reappointed as member of the LSA curriculum committee, and joined a new committee on individualized majors for undergraduates. Mary Gell was also awarded a grant from the Lecturers' Professional Development Fund to attend an intensive 4-day creative writing workshop this summer in Rhinebeck, New York called "Writing the Unthinkable" with famed cartoonist, author and University of Wisconsin professor Lynda Barry. Mary Rodena-Krasan has been awarded a Level II ITC grant for the preliminary development of a foreign language video game. With the help of an Abrahms Sustainability Fellowship, she has also iImplemented a section on water in her “Germany and the Environment” course. For last Fall, she created, designed and taught a new 300 level course in the Fall entitled “Peace, Love & Rock 'n Roll: Germany's Student Movement and the Generation that Changed a Nation.” She is currently working on an article tentatively entitled "Postcolonialism, Transnationalism, and the Space Between." Graduate Student News: Mary Hennessy will present a paper on Fassbinder’s Martha at the ACLA this March, and in April she will participate in a graduate student conference on Gesture, Affect, and Embodiment on Screen at the University of Chicago. Hannah McMurray was selected to participate in a workshop at the Humanities Without Walls Consortium in Chicago this summer as a predoctoral fellow. Meghan Forbes, a student in our graduate certificate program, will likewise participate. Naomi Vaughan willl be presenting a paper titled "In Darkness: The Bunker as Barrier in Narrative and Architecture" at Berkeley's Graduate Student Conference "Barriers: Confronting Obstacles in Language, Media, Politics and Culture" at the end of February.
COMMERCE EDUCATION – MEANING: As a branch of knowledge, Commerce imparts experience of business world at large in all its manifestations. It prepares its learners for personally fruitful and socially desirable careers in the field of business. To meet the growing needs of the business society, there is greater demand for sound development of commerce education. The relevance of commerce education has become more imperative, this means a marked change in the way commerce, management and corporate education is perceived in India. Commerce education is business education. Commerce education is that area of education which develops the required knowledge, skills and attitudes for the handling of Trade, Commerce and Industry.The recent corporate education has emerged in the form of Chartered Accountant, Cost and works accountant, Company secretary and Business administrator. Commerce education is a totally different from other disciplines. Hence, it must charter new routes to service the aspirations of the nation. PROFESSIONAL COURSES ( COURSE DURATION 3 YEARS AND ABOVE)
Welcome to the Official Blog of the iPod Repair Clinic. We specialize in most iPod, iPhone, and iPad repair services. All our work is warranteed for 6 months. We offer walk-in 20 minute service on most repairs. We can repair your Cracked, Shattered, Smashed, Broken, Busted Screens on your iDevices.
Your search results are detailed below. Please click on the position title for further information. Showing results 1 to 10 out of 25Next Page If you want to be informed of future vacancies that match these search criteria then enter your email address below. All fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required New Job Search +44 (0)20 7040 5060 Make an enquiry City, University of London London EC1V 0HB
The Sounds of Syrins (and Top Comments) At PAX Unplugged, I was complimented on the theatrical style in which I run Orphans & Ashes demos. I throw in hopeful dialog for orphans about to be tragedied, sad protests from orphans who had something terrible happen to them (“I TRUSTED YOU!” when Cale accidentally sets one on fire being my favourite), and confused mutterings from orphans who witnessed tragedy strike a fellow orphan but who were spared for strategic reasons they didn’t understand. Sadly, no, I do not come with every copy of the game sold. However, there is an alternative. Let me tell you about Syrinscape. I mentioned at one point that we were working with Australia’s best audio engineer, Benjamin Loomes, to create a soundset for everyone’s favourite game of strategic orphan burning. What I never mentioned is that it is now available! Syrinscape is a fascinating addition to the tabletop hobby, one I use liberally in my Pathfinder games. It doesn’t just supply thematically appropriate soundtracks for your tabletop games, it creates a unique, non-repeating soundtrack specific to the game you’re playing. In the case of Orphans & Ashes, the room you’re in dictates the amount of crackling fire and desperate pleads are peppered in with the ambient music. There are one-off buttons that you can press to trigger specific sound effects, like fanfare when Cale scores a point, doom and gloom when Richard scores, and so many unique Orphan cries basically whenever you want. I encourage everyone to watch the demo to hear some of the great sounds in the Orphans & Ashes soundset and, if you want to bring the theatrical experience of a Costello Orphans & Ashes demo as well as a lovingly crafted musical accouterments, download the Syrinscape Board Game Player and snag the Orphans & Ashes soundset! Sounds good? Speaking of good, here are your top comments from November 20th to December 1st, 2017. He sucked a cloud sword, gropped around the stomach of whatever eating “chicken” for days and got an ugly sword out of it only to remember the weapon is supposed to be a bow…yup, sounds like a normal adventure with Cale alright… John Peter Riendeau To be fair, how many remembered that a bow was the omega prime weapon? And two, if it works, don’t knock it. Technically, he made the non-riged bending blade into a rigid non-bendable one…. yeah, but the Beholder also said, “As was feared, the skill of mystery has deminished.” after they came up with sky and bow. So that suggests they are right. Sure! I bet no one will die next year! xD And then I mean Rot In Pieces. Personally, I prefer cake, rather than death. I always loved Robin Williams “Fruedian Slip” regarding the Manson-Dixon line… I wish to understand you. Well, we’ve read 1142 editions with Richard in them, it hasn’t helped, good luck with that. The floating Core, has a tunnel to a … core? Well at least it’s trying to understand Richards core values. I’m still left thinking of Alice and the rabbit hole though….. Things can only get weirder then…. It’s gonna become such a mad, mad world when it’s done seeing what Richard has to tell. Not that the world is already a crazy place, mind…but who knows, maybe crazier will be better. This is getting weird and interesting. Hmm… Weinstering. No that sounds wrong. Interid. Bah, lets just say its strange. Can it be ? is that… Baby-Dick ? wait… that sounded wrong on so manny levels >< *shoots own face with shotgun and rinses the hole with military-grade paintstripper This is tiny dick adventures 2.0. Also Richard would totally murder himself. I mean just look at him! He’s too cute! He wouldn’t be able to resist! why do i now think of richard as Chuck Norris ? his mom didn’t gave birth to him, he swooshed his way out of her fully grown ! gatta go back, back to the past,samurai richard, woocha. How about we just live our lives as if all life is precious and worthy of the respect we wish for ourselves.? Well, I did wet my pants a little yesterday, but I didn’t cry about it. Maybe if I poop them today… For example: Don’t know whether that water is boiling? just stick your hand in it! “Vizier, are you sinisterly reveling your schemes to my son again” “I thought that came with the job descripion” I love the “”There you are”” comment. It’s a baby. Unless baby Richard is a lot more capable than the average infant, it shouldn’t be too suprising to find a baby in a crib. Then again the baby has a healthy apreciation for knives already so perhaps it’s not so unusual? This reads like the prologue of a protagonist whose life of debauchery and mischief took an unexpected turn when his village happened to be raided, arsoned and pillaged into ash by a group of yodelling raiders. Face perpetually shrouded in shadow? Glasses glinting unsettlingly in the light? Must be a good guy. Now you know,
There are so many reasons why you should consider making the new Peugeot 208 Allure Premium your next car. Available to order here at Motorparks, this special edition Peugeot boasts an elegant exterior which is highlighted by its panoramic glass roof, chrome door mirrors and stylish 16-inch Titane Matt Black alloy wheels. The interior of the special edition Peugeot 208 Allure Premium is just as impressive, with drivers being greeted with a leather sports steering wheel and a hi-tech seven-inch multifunction colour touchscreen dashboard. Browse through all of our new Peugeot 208 Allure Premium cars below and enquire about any that you envision being your next set of wheels online today. Have you also checked out our sporty range of new 5-door Peugeot 508 cars?
Happy Thanksgiving! to all our friends at Acupet Veterinary Care. As we all struggle to dig our way out of the massive economic hole our masters in Washington, DC have dug for us, it’s always good to remember that although our condition here in the U.S. is deteriorating almost daily, we’re still better off as a citizenry than the vast majority of peoples around the world. I’m reminded of this almost daily, as I talk to my daughter serving in the Peace Corps in Burkina Faso, Africa, one of the poorest countries in the world. And so, Thanksgiving is always my favorite holiday, as no matter what religion or creed one celebrates, and even if you honor no given deity, it is still a time we can all join and give thanks for all the many blessings we have, starting with our families and our wonderful pets. So enjoy the day and remember to give thanks, and if you can, do your share to help the less fortunate. In the meantime, in the spirit of the day, here are some fun facts about turkeys from VeganPeace.com: - Turkeys are large birds related to pheasants, and date back nearly 10 million years. Wild turkeys are native to wooded areas of North America, and are the only breed of poultry native to the Western Hemisphere. They were first domesticated in Mexico and brought to Europe in the 16th century. - Turkeys are able to adapt to a wide variety of habitats. However, most wild turkeys are found in hardwood forests with grassy areas. - Wild turkeys can fly for short distances at speeds up to 55 miles per hour. On the ground they can reach speeds of 25 miles per hour. Domesticated turkeys usually weigh too much to be able to fly. Their weight is about twice the weight of a wild turkey. - The carancle is a brightly colored growth on the head and upper neck. The snood is the flap of skin that hangs over the turkey’s beak. The wattle is the flap of skin under the turkey’s chin. - The bare skin on the throat and head can change color from flat gray to shades of red, white and blue when the turkey becomes distressed or excited. - The gizzard is a part of the stomach that contains tiny stones, which helps them grind up food for digestion. - Wild turkeys have dark feathers which help them blend in with their habitats. Domesticated turkeys have been bred to have white feathers. - Male turkeys have black, hairlike feathers on their breast called beards. Some female turkeys have them too. - Turkeys have great hearing , but no external ears. They have a field of vision of about 270 degrees and are able to see in color, but they don’t see well at night. They can see movement almost a hundred yards away. They have a poor sense of smell, but a good sense of taste. - Wild turkeys often spend their nights in trees on low branches, preferably over water to help protect them from tree-climbing predators. They will fly to the ground at first light. - Male turkeys will start making their gobbling sound before sunrise and continue through most of the morning. Hens make a clicking sound. - Wild turkeys spend most of the day searching for food like seeds, wild berries, small insects and acorns. - The worst predator of the wild turkey is the raccoon. Raccoons will catch and kill young turkeys and also attack a hen’s nest and destroy the eggs. - Turkeys are social animals. They enjoy the company of other creatures, including humans. They love having their feathers stroked. - In the spring, male turkeys puff up their bodies, spread their tail feathers, and grunt and make their gobbling sound to attract as many females as possible. - After mating, the female turkey prepares a nest under a bush in the woods and lays her eggs. She will lay one egg each day until she has a complete clutch of about 8 to 16 eggs. The eggs are tan and speckled brown, take about 28 days for the chicks to hatch. After hatching, the babies will flock with their mother all year. The first two weeks they won’t be able to fly and the mother will roost with them on the ground. And here are some fun Thanksgiving facts, courtesy of History.com: - Three towns in the U.S. take their name from the traditional Thanksgiving bird, including Turkey, Texas (pop. 465); Turkey Creek, Louisiana (pop. 363); and Turkey, North Carolina (pop. 270). - Benjamin Franklin wanted to make the wild turkey, not the bald eagle, the national bird of the United States. - Originally known as Macy’s Christmas Parade – to signify the launch of the Christmas shopping season – the first Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade took place in New York City in 1924. It was launched by Macy’s employees and featured animals from the Central Park Zoo. Today, some 3 million people attend the annual parade and another 44 million watch it on television. - Tony Sarg, a children’s book illustrator and puppeteer, designed the first giant hot air balloons for the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in 1927. He later created the elaborate mechanically animated window displays that grace the facade of the New York store from Thanksgiving to Christmas. - Snoopy has appeared as a giant balloon in the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade more times than any other character in history. As the Flying Ace, Snoopy made his sixth appearance in the 2006 parade. - The first time the Detroit Lions played football on Thanksgiving Day was in 1934, when they hosted the Chicago Bears at the University of Detroit stadium, in front of 26,000 fans. The NBC radio network broadcast the game on 94 stations across the country – the first national Thanksgiving football broadcast. Since that time, the Lions have played a game every Thanksgiving (except between 1939 and 1944); in 1956, fans watched the game on television for the first time. - According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Minnesota is the top turkey-producing state in America, with a planned production total of 46.5 million in 2011. Six states – Minnesota, North Carolina, Arkansas, Missouri, Virginia, and Indinia – account for nearly two-thirds of the 248 million turkeys that will be raised in the U.S. this year. - The National Turkey Federation estimated that 46 million turkeys – one fifth of the annual total of 235 million consumed in the United States – were eaten at Thanksgiving. - In a survey conducted by the National Turkey Federation, nearly 88 percent of Americans said they eat turkey at Thanksgiving. The average weight of turkeys purchased for Thanksgiving is 15 pounds, which means some 690 million pounds of turkey were consumed in the U.S. during Thanksgiving in 2007. - Cranberry production in the U.S. is expected to reach 750 million pounds in 2011. Wisconsin, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Oregon and Washington are the top cranberry growing states. - Illinois, California, Pennsylvania and New York are the major pumpkin growing states; together they produced 1.1 billion pounds of pumpkin in 2010. Total U.S. production was over 1.5 billion pounds. - The sweet potato is most plentifully produced in North Carolina, which grew 972 million pounds of the popular Thanksgiving side dish vegetable in 2010. Other sweet potato powerhouses included California and Mississippi, and the top producing states together generated over 2.4 billion pounds of the tubers. - According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the largest pumpkin pie ever baked weighed 2,020 pounds and measured just over 12 feet long. It was baked on October 8, 2005 by the New Bremen Giant Pumpkin Growers in Ohio, and included 900 pounds of pumpkin, 62 gallons of evaporated milk, 155 dozen eggs, 300 pounds of sugar, 3.5 pounds of salt, 7 pounds of cinnamon, 2 pounds of pumpkin spice and 250 pounds of crust.
If you follow me on IG you know I’ve been super busy working on projects for Project Run and Play Season 16! If you’re not familiar with Project Run and Play, it’s pretty much the blogger’s version of Project Runway, but for kids! Competitor’s are given a theme each week with the challenge to create a unique outfit using patterns they created or hacked from existing patterns, making the finished project an “original” design. Then everyone is judged by a panel of “celebrity” judges and votes from readers. Readers can only vote once each week and at the end of the week, the score is tallied and the person with the lowest votes does not move on to the next round. There are a total of 4 rounds. [VOTING FOR THIS WEEK HERE) When I was first invited to join the challenge, I wasn’t quite sure how I felt about competition sewing, but I was really excited about the challenge of sewing for themes and experiencing this sort of unique journey with 5 other people, so I totally said YES! I also loved the idea that Abigail and I could do this together. She revels in the fact that she has a say in all the things I sew for her, so this was a great opportunity for us to make some great memories together. WEEK 1 theme is, Circus! Now, again…if you’re with me on social media, you know just how serendipitous this felt! Abigail, my 6 year old, has been obsessed with The Greatest Showman movie, particularly Hugh Jackman as P.T. Barnum for months! Examples HERE and HERE! At first…I thought it was a crush…but it’s so much more than that, she not only likes him, SHE WANTS TO BE HIM! Along with our theme comes a little blurb to help guide us, and our Circus blurb read: Run away and join the circus? – you bet! From the sawdust beneath the ringmaster’s boots to the glittering eye of the tiger, the details of the big top inspire awe and strike wonder. This week, embody the joy of the circus experience in your designs. I knew fully well she would insist on a full on cosplay of his costume, and I knew that doing that wouldn’t line up with the guidelines, and hints of the challenge because our outfits are meant to be “inspired by” outfits and not costumes…but have you met my daughter? She wears her spiderman costume to Disneyland and the supermarket and pretty much every where. Costumes are just regular outfits to her, needless to say my attempt at differentiating the two fell on deaf ears. Not wanting to be disqualified in the first round because of this, I attempted to have a conversation with her, and it went like this: Me: Hey Abbie, so if you could run away and join the circus, what would you be?” Her: That’s easy, the ringmaster of course! *shimmies shoulders* Me: Okay okay…but think of the magic and all the amazing things the other people in the circus do! The acrobats are cool, ohhhh and the lion tamer!” Her: Yeah, but I would be the ringmaster! Me: Okay, what if the ringmaster was not an option…what then? Her: *looks at me with disgust on her face*…then nothing. Me: C’mon…circus is our first theme for the challenge, and we have to decide on an outfit…*and then I proceed to read her the blurb*. Me: Sweetie, that’s gonna be a costume, not an outfit. Think of the circus and think of magic, what comes to your mind? Her: Ringmaster. The Ringmaster IS MAGIC. The Ringmaster brings everyone together. That’s magic mom. Guys, I literally had nothing else to say….how could I say no to that reasoning??! So I went with it. When I do cosplays, I try to make them as close to the possible outfit in color, shape and form…but I decided to go a little lax with this one, and still play within the guidelines of the challenge with a little ingenuity! As you know, I’m really big on upcycling and cost effective fabric purchases, and with my Upcycling Challenge happening simultaneously, its no surprise this entire outfit is upcycled! TOTAL COST: $24 including the Michael Miller Fabrics Cotton Couture solid black fabric used for the jacket lining and iron on appliques on sleeves. Without further ado, I present to you THE GREATEST SHOW GIRL OUTFIT. Okay now, let’s break down the pieces of the outfit starting with: 1. THE COAT The coat is a combination of the original red coat and the sequined dress and it started from the base of the Phresh Blazer from Winter Wear Designs. It took almost a week, and about 5 muslins total until I was happy with the finish result. Since this was an upcycle I had to spend time ripping out the seams of the original coat too so I could use the fabric pieces. And then, I ripped out the seams of the final muslin and used those fabric pieces as my pattern blocks. My modifications to the Phresh Blazer are listed below: - shorten mandarin collar - reshape and lengthen front pieces and add curved hem - reshape and draft new lapel - eliminate back middle seam - extend back pieces and add curved hem - shape tails - Use straight sleeve option - Cut sleeve shorter to accommodate black cuff Small tidbits to note about the jacket: 1. It is fully lined. 2. Golden Iron on applique is from HERE. 3. I was able to use the original gold buttons on the front and back of new jacket and also on the “VEST” ….now let’s talk about this “VEST”… 2. THE “VEST” aka SUSPENDER BIB Okay, so its summer, and its hot, and I knew adding a vest to this combo would have probably been a little uncomfortable for her, so I had to think outside the box here. I decided to create a faux vest, buy adding a detachable bib and suspenders! This was completely self drafted and took about 3 tries to get the right coverage and look. The gold trim I took from our Christmas decorations box…I figured I have a couple months to replace them. lol It’s cute, and functional right?! You can simply attach the bib with buttons on the front of the pants and suspender clips on the back. Think of all the possible cute bib attachments you could make! Now let’s talk pants! 3. SEQUINED PANEL PANTS Since I was using the rest of the sequins fabric and the solid black knit from the original dress, I wanted the pants to have NO side seams, so this pants pattern is actually the underpants pattern from my Spirited Dress PDF Pattern with a couple modifications: - Redrafted to add length Redrafted to include inner leg panels. I knew the sequins would probably feel a little uncomfortable between the legs so I added inner leg panels for comfort. - Added a flat front to accommodate button placement. Seriously how cute are those buttons standing along without the bib tho? Small tidbits to note about the pants: 1. I used bias tape to hem the pants and I topstitched the seams areas making sure to sandwich the sequins in between the two layers of the pants so it wouldn’t be scratchy. Both finishes used primarily for comfort because who wants to wear scratchy pants right? And now that leaves us with the final piece… 4. THE TOP The top is upcycled from one of her dad’s white shirts using the base of the Brielle Blouse by Rebecca Page Patterns. Now I knew I wanted to keep the original collar, original button placket and possibly the hem shape to make it more of a tunic instead of a short top. I also needed to add neck ties. This one took 2 muslins to perfect. Listed below are my modifications: - I reshaped the arms to show off more of her shoulder - Shaped the bottom hems to the original shape of the shirt - Instead of 10 pleats on the front, I did 5, extending the middle pleat slightly further than the others - Instead of a keyhole back closure I used the original neck cuff of the shirt, that allowed me to use the original front button placket of the shirt as the back for the new top. - Added ties into the side seams of the neck cuff matching up with shoulder seams This makes it so you can tie a bow to the front, side or back! (All pictured above!) And there you have it guys! That’s my breakdown of all four pieces! I admit that I grossly underestimated how challenging this would be, but I gotta tell you, IT WAS ABSOLUTELY TOTALLY WORTH IT for the reaction I got from her! Below are some action shots: Here’s she’s turning on The Greatest Showman sound track on Shaun’s phone so she can BE the Greatest Show girl….I mean have you ever seen a cheesier smile? lol This Lion Brooch was the cherry on the cake for her outfit! (Thank you cousin Tiffany!) After our photoshoot she’s literally worn this outfit everywhere… at her End of Year Award Ceremony at School (the jacket): to the park…and the list goes on….lol – In her words, “It’s the bestest best thing you’ve ever made for me mommy!” …so I already feel like a winner! lol Well that’s it for my Circus look for Week 1 of Project Run and Play! I hope you guys enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed sewing it and sharing it with you! Please be sure to head on over to Project Run and Play HERE to vote for your favorite look! The other contestants are amazing and have done an amazing job bring their circus looks to life! Go check them out and vote for your favorite!! Hopefully I get to share with you my second look next week! Or until my next blog post, take care and talk to you soon! xoxo
Styles are constantly changing. For a while baggy jeans were all the rage. If you didn’t own a pair, you weren’t cool. At one time bell bottoms were the in thing. Today, it seems that everyone is wearing skinny straight leg jeans. We members of the fellowship are as concerned with fashion as the next person. Survey any meeting and you will see that our clothing choices follow modern trends. So yes, you will see us wearing skinny straight leg jeans. Philosophically, we take a very different approach. A popular expression in the rooms is to “wear this world like a loose garment”. With a tight fitting garment, we don’t have much room to move. The same holds true in life. We need to display a degree of flexibility. This means that when appropriate we let go of old ideas and patterns that no longer work for us. We are open to applying new approaches in solving issues that arise. Often, we just need to let go of expectations and accept how things unfurl for us. Because we have flexibility we can even accept hurt and disappointment. Our jeans may be stiff and tight but our minds are limber and open. Personal Reflection: Do I need to develop flexibility?
1. My Holiday in Atlanta WeatherWeather was sunny most of the time, Not too hot as we went in April. It was a bit cold in the evenings though. Weather was usually in the mid 20's HolidayWe went to Atlanta in April for 10 days on holidays from Ireland. It is a great city; the locals are really friendly, some of the friendliest people in the world are in Atlanta. There is lots of cool stuff to check out also and the weather was great for most of the time. Will definitely recommend Atlanta. It is one of the greatest cities i've ever been in and I've been in almost every country in Europe. Recommend Atlanta to others
The revolutionary SKYACTIV-X engine, due to be released in 2019, will be the world’s first commercial gasoline engine to run on compression ignition. Using innovative technology, Mazda has combined the power of a high-revving gasoline engine and the fuel efficiency of a diesel. The Spark Controlled Compression Ignition (SPCCI) improves engine efficiency by up to 20-30 percent over the current SKYACTIV-G engines. These advances in engine technology will play a significant part in Mazda’s ‘Sustainable Zoom-Zoom 2030’ vision. With the release of SKYACTIV-X, reducing carbon dioxide emissions to 50 percent of 2010 levels by 2030 and 90 percent by 2050 will be an achievable goal. To learn more about SKYACTIV-X, watch the video or read about the revolutionary technology.
What is juvenile rheumatoid arthritis? Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA) is a form of arthritis in children ages 16 or younger that causes inflammation and stiffness of joints for more than six weeks. Unlike adult rheumatoid arthritis, which is chronic and lasts a lifetime, children often outgrow juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. However, the disease can affect bone development in the growing child. The disease can be classified into three categories based on the number of and which joints are involved, the symptoms present and their duration, and the presence of specific antibodies produced by the immune system. These three variables often help doctors determine the progression of JRA and include the following: - Pauciarticular. This form of JRA affects about 50 percent of children with this disease, involving four joints or fewer. Large joints, such as the knees, ankles, or elbows are typically affected. - Polyarticular. Nearly 30 to 40 percent of children with JRA are affected by this type of the disease, which affects five or more joints. Polyarticular disease is more serious and tends to affect the small joints, such as the hands and feet, and often on both sides of the body. - Systemic. Systemic onset JRA (also called Still's disease) is the most serious, but least common form of the disease, affecting 10 to 15 percent of children with JRA. It affects one or more joints and causes inflammation of internal organs, including the heart, liver, spleen, and lymph nodes. What causes juvenile rheumatoid arthritis? Like adult rheumatoid arthritis, JRA is an autoimmune disease, which means the body's immune system attacks its own healthy cells and tissues. JRA is considered to be a multifactorial condition. Multifactorial inheritance means that many factors are involved in causing a health problem. The factors are usually both genetic and environmental, where a combination of genes from both parents, in addition to unknown environmental factors, produce the trait or condition. Often one gender (either males or females) is affected more frequently than the other in multifactorial traits. Multifactorial traits do recur in families because they are partly caused by genes. A group of genes on chromosome 6 codes for the HLA antigens play a major role in susceptibility and resistance to disease. Specific HLA antigens influence the development of many common disorders. Some of these disorders, like JRA, are autoimmune related and inherited in a multifactorial manner. When a child has the specific HLA antigen type associated with the disease, he or she is thought to have an increased chance to develop the disorder. The HLA antigen associated with JRA is called DR4. Children with the DR4 HLA antigen are thought to have an increased chance (or genetic susceptibility) to develop JRA; however, it is important to understand that a child without this antigen may also develop JRA. This means HLA antigen testing is not diagnostic or accurate for prediction of the condition. Females are affected with JRA more often than males. What are the symptoms of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis? Symptoms of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis may appear during episodes (flare-ups) or may be chronic and continuous. The following are the most common symptoms of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. However, each child may experience symptoms differently. Symptoms may include: - Swollen, stiff, and painful joints, especially in the morning or after a nap (joints in the knees, hands, and feet are most commonly affected) - High fever and rash, if systemic juvenile rheumatoid arthritis - Swollen lymph nodes, if systemic juvenile rheumatoid arthritis - Eye inflammation - Warmth and redness in a joint - Decreased use of one or more particular joints - Decreased appetite, poor weight gain, and slow growth Symptoms of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis may resemble other medical conditions or problems. Always consult your child's doctor for a diagnosis. How is juvenile rheumatoid arthritis diagnosed? In addition to a complete medical history and physical examination your child's doctor will obtain a complete prenatal and birth history of your child and ask if your child has had any recent colds or other infections. Currently, there is no diagnostic test that definitively tells that a child has JRA. Diagnosis of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is usually confirmed based on the presence of the following: - Reported symptoms. Joint inflammation usually must be present for at least six weeks, continuously. - Laboratory tests. Laboratory tests, such as certain blood tests, can help rule out other conditions and help determine the type of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis present. Tests may include: - Checking for the presence of antinuclear antibodies (ANA) and IgM rheumatoid factor (RF) - Blood tests and other laboratory tests, including: - Antinuclear antibody (ANA) and other antibody tests. These tests measure blood levels of antibodies, which are often present in persons with rheumatic disease. - Arthrocentesis (also called joint aspiration). A procedure that involves obtaining a sample of synovial fluid in the joint for examination by inserting a thin, hollow needle into the joint and removing the fluid with a syringe. - Complement. A blood test that measures the level of complement, a group of proteins in the blood. Low levels of complement in the blood are associated with immune disorders. - Complete blood count (CBC). A measurement of size, number, and maturity of different blood cells in a specific volume of blood. - Creatinine. A blood test to evaluate for underlying kidney disease. - Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR or sed rate). A measurement of how quickly red blood cells fall to the bottom of a test tube. When swelling and inflammation are present, the blood's proteins clump together and become heavier than normal. Thus, when measured, they fall and settle faster at the bottom of the test tube. Generally, the faster the blood cells fall, the more severe the inflammation. - Hematocrit. This measures the number of red blood cells present in a sample of blood. Low levels of red blood cells (anemia) are common in people with inflammatory arthritis and rheumatic diseases. - Rheumatoid factor (RF). This detects whether rheumatoid factor is present in the blood (an antibody found in the blood of most, but not all, people who have rheumatoid arthritis, as well as other rheumatic diseases). - Urinalysis. Testing of a urine sample for protein, red blood cells, white blood cells, or casts to indicate kidney disease associated with several rheumatic diseases. - White blood cell count (WBC). This measures the number of white blood cells in the blood (increased levels of white blood cells may indicate an infection, while decreased levels may indicate certain rheumatic diseases or reaction to medication). Imaging tests, to show the extent of damage to the bones, may include the following: - X-ray. A diagnostic test that uses invisible electromagnetic energy beams to produce images of internal tissues, bones, and organs onto film. - Computed tomography scan (also called a CT or CAT scan). A diagnostic imaging procedure that uses a combination of X-rays and computer technology to produce horizontal, or axial, images (often called slices) of the body. A CT scan shows detailed images of any part of the body, including the bones, muscles, fat, and organs. CT scans are more detailed than general X-rays. - Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). A diagnostic procedure that uses a combination of large magnets, radiofrequencies, and a computer to produce detailed images of organs and structures within the body. - Bone scan. A nuclear radiology study of the bones. Treatment for juvenile rheumatoid arthritis The goal of treatment for juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is to maintain a normal activity level for your child. Specific treatment for juvenile rheumatoid arthritis will be determined by your child's doctor based on: - Your child's overall health and medical history - Extent of the condition - Your child's tolerance for specific medications, procedures, and therapies - Expectation for the course of the disease - Your opinion or preference Treatment may include: - Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications, NSAIDs, (to relieve symptoms) - Disease-modifying anti-rheumatic medications (to slow the progress of the disease, such as methotrexate) - Biologics, drugs designed to interfere with your body's inflammatory response, such as etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, abatacept, and anakinra. These are used if there is no response to other therapies. - Corticosteroids (to reduce inflammation and control severe symptoms) - Physical therapy (to improve and maintain muscle and joint function) - Occupational therapy (to improve ability to perform activities of daily living) - Assessment of nutritional status by a nutritionist and ongoing, if necessary, nutritional guidance (to ensure adequate nutritional intake for your child whose appetite may be adversely affected by the disease process itself or some medications used for treatment) - Regular eye exams to detect early changes of eye inflammations - Patient education (to help decrease the frequency and severity of flare-ups and prevent complications), including educational topics such as: - Exercise and weight control - Adequate rest - How to use large joints rather than small joints to move or carry things Bass, Pat F. III, MD, MPH, Fincannon, Joy, RN, MN
Fit: True to size. We recommend sizing up for longer wear. All sales final. No returns or exchanges. This design can be printed on any of our shirt options. Buffalo Plaid Kids Flannel Leaf Peace Sign Kids Tee Equality and Diversity Stay Wild Hippie Child
Drive Away, Comes with Genuine Alloy Tray Drive Away, Diamond Days Sale on this week till Sunday July 19th, Open all weekend! 7 YEAR FACTORY WARRANTY 2 years FREE Service $500 FREE GENUINE accessories on this Triton 4 years roadside assistance Make sure you come in and see us before you purchase a new or demo Mitsubishi. We have the Biggest range of new and used cars in Victoria and only 8 Min from the CBD. ALL OF OUR PRICES ARE DRIVE AWAY NO MORE TO PAY. ALL TRADE-INS ACCEPTED. FINANCE AVAILABLE ON ALL CARS. (T.A.P) EXTENDED WARRANTIES AVAILABLE. We will even fly you down to Melbourne for Free so you can drive your new car home. We have been selling New and used vehicles for over 40 years so rest assured you are dealing with a professional company. Please enquire today to arrange a test drive or to obtain a finance quote. Don't lose your shirt, Don't lose your pants, Don't take a chance come to AMM. *EASY FINANCE AVAILABLE WITH THE BANK OF MELBOURNE* *AWARD WINNING ON- SITE SERVICE DEPARTMENT* *FRIENDLY, HASSLE FREE CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE* *INTERSTATE BUYERS WELCOME* *WE DELIVER ANYWHERE IN AUSTRALIA (CHARGES APPLY) *OR WE WILL FLY YOU DOWN TO MELBOURNE FOR FREE TO PICKUP YOUR NEW VEHICLE* *WE ARE A VACC ACCREDITED MOTOR CAR DEALER* We are based just 8 Min from the CDB. We hold over 300 new and used cars in stock so it is well worth the drive.
Want to be a teenage stand-up comic? Use your teenage angst for good! You could spend 9 Saturdays in the company of other hilarious teenagers, as well as a hot-shot team of writers and comedians from around New York, learning how to write, workshop and perform your very own stand-up routine at the world famous Gotham Comedy Club! Classes meet for 2 hours on Saturday, for 9 weeks for the rest of the sessions, and are offered 3 times during the year. If you're busy during the school year, how about trying our Summer Camps! For ages 10-18 Classes begin September, January and March. Register early - size of class limited. Request application. (less)... Read more Literally Alive Family Theatre, now in it's 19th year Off-Broadway and in residence at the Historic Players Theatre, produces original musicals based on classic children's literature. We offer a free family workshop before each show and we have live musical accompaniment. Located in the heart of NYC's Greenwich Village - come for the day and experience all of the surrounding attractions and cafes.
Yoga with animals has been sweeping the nation. Its popularity is crazy to some and to others brings such joy. The practice of yoga is powerful by itself and when you add the energy of innocent playful animals it allows you to smile, laugh and really enjoy yourself. This practice is truly a wonderful experience. Join us for Puppy Yoga. The Puppies will play with you while Katie leads a simple yoga practice. All Levels are welcome, this is a fun and whimsical practice. We encourage big smiles, laughter and joy! There are 20 spots available. A portion of the proceeds will be donation to Eden Rehab and Rescue. Cost is $20 for Adults 10 & up and $10 for children 5-10. Email email@example.com with any questions.
Funding Cut For Essex Co. Day Care Parents Scramble To Keep It Open Working parents know that an after-school program can be a life-saver. It means young children have a safe, even enriching place to go while their parents finish work. But more than 60 North Country families might lose that vital service. New York state is cutting funding to Adirondack Community Action Programs, which would cut two after-school programs that parents count on right now. Eight-six elementary school students, some as young as four years old, spend their afternoons with the Adirondack Community Action Program's after-school services in Willsboro and Moriah. It's some of the only child care service in the area. "There's not enough child care in Essex County; we lack child care slots," said ACAP child care manager Marjorie Zmijewski. "We can't meet the need right now." But even the ACAP programs might be lost. Sixty-two sets of parents and families rely on those programs to watch their young children while they work. Without that service, parents said they wouldn't know where to send their children for the rest of the work day. "'Go home alone,' 'I may have to quit my job.' That's what parents are sending us back on the surveys that we sent," said Zmijewski. The program has enough money to run until April. "We were kind of thinking they would give us the balance of the school year, but that didn't happen," said Zmijewski. Directors said parents are trying to help save the program by reaching out to the community. If they can raise $31,000 by April, the program will stay open until the end of the year. The money the group hopes to raise is in addition to money the parents already pay in fees. But without community members stepping up to help, "at this point, no promises can be made," said Zmijewski. To contact Adirondack Community Action Programs, call 877-873-2979 or go to their website at http://acapinc.org/.
Short essay on 9 11 attack The tools you need to write a quality essay or term paper saved essays i will then discuss how 9/11 and the attack on pearl harbor were similar. Essay about 9 11 attack - entrust your papers to the most talented writers fast and trustworthy writings from industry top company order a 100% original, non. Essay about 9 11 attack mohammad abid amiri good conclusion essay will never forget 9 11 for this essay writing and short essay paper exchanging. Find out more about the history of 9/11 attacks, including videos it immediately became clear that america was under. Triepels slagwerk - geleen limburg,uw drumspecialist, drumstel kopen, pros and cons about abortion essay boomwhacker lessen by allan wood, paul thompson short essay. It was the worst terrorist attack in american history and it showed us that we are not protected by atlantic and pacific 9 11 essay 123helpmecom 27 jan 2018. What were the causes of 9/11 planners of the attack became more radical than they had been while living in their home countries. My daughter luna was born in 2005, four years after the 9/11 attacks 2001: reporter's notebook on 9/11 attack replay more videos must watch. Comparing crucible with 9/11 attack essay by essayswap contributor comparing crucible with 9/11 attack (2008 short-cuts help. The september 11 attacks (also referred to as 9/11) but he stopped short of admitting aga khan iv stated that the 9/11 attack on the united states was a. Essay writing guide struggling with an assignment learn the basics with our essay writing guide 9/11 feelings extracts from this document introduction. Essays the essays here were reproduced with the permissions of their authors the authors do not necessarily endorse all of the findings and opinions of 9-11 research. Fall, evoking the medieval and renaissance concept of fate in different manner get the latest topics that you can pla, short essay on 9 11 attack when going to your. 11 attack terrorrist essay 9 first amendment important essay short essay on think before you speak help on writing essays zoning map descriptive essay high. Essay about 9 11 attack - make a timed custom research paper with our assistance and make your teachers shocked experience the benefits of qualified writing help. Open document below is an essay on 9/11 attack from anti essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples. Books: the world trade center attack while numerous books questioning the official story of the 9/11/01 attack of the essay popular mechanics attacks its 9/11. These three short words are the ending essay written by a young the new york manhattan area lost roughly 7 percent of its office space in the 9/11 attack. Essay on 9 11 attack essay on apple tree in hindi language essay writing on honey bee short essay on koyal bird in hindi celebrating birthday party essay. Writing prompts about 9/11 help teens reflect on that day teen writing prompts about 9/11: writing and remembering ask them to write a short essay. Report abuse home opinion current events / politics the effects of 9/11 the effects of 9/11 it came in contact with it 9/11 was the largest attack on us. Disclaimer: the analytical articles published on this website were written read the latest stories about photography on time you broke time an excellent essay by. Morgan gilbert pearl harbor and 9/11 are two days that american history will always remember these two days, remind american society how every united states. The nation is marking the 14th anniversary of 9/11, the deadliest terrorist attack on us soil nearly 3,000 people died that day. Ten years later: the global impact of the 911 ten years later: the global impact of the 911 such an attack can be to the short term. 9/11 attacks information summary: the 9/11 attack was one of the most pivotal events in world history just two notches short of all-out war.
Through our partnership with Northwest University, One Church School of Leadership students get the very best of both the academic and practical ministry worlds. Northwest University faculty and One Church staff will speak into your life on a daily basis, implanting the education and skills that you need to fulfill God’s plan for you. Students in the One Church School of Leadership will be enrolled full-time in Northwest University (NU) taking online classes and classes with a live instructor. The NU courses are equivalent in every way to those taught on NU’s Kirkland campus, while remaining sensitive to the One Church ministry philosophy. Concurrent with your courses, you will serve as an student at a thriving church where you can apply your lessons to real-world needs within One Church’s community, focusing on a specific ministry within the church, and working closely with a member of our pastoral team. Whether you plan on being a full-time or part time student, pursuing an AA, BA or ministry credentials, this program prepares you for God’s call on your life. The One Church School of Ministry and Leadership allows you to get this practical training and a university degree at a reasonable cost (at a time when the cost of higher education is skyrocketing), all at a local church.
Polar Projects is a body of work produced by Philip Dadson during his 2003 Artist Fellowship in Antarctica. The exhibition explores Antarctica’s extraordinary Dry Valleys through a unique selection of sound and video works, along with a suite of rock drawings that record the surface of the stones and boulders of the Dry Valleys. Dadson’s vision of Antarctica challenges our perceptions of this unique environment in this subtle, playful investigation into the sonic properties and visual polarities of this landscape. In Flutter, a single red flag is battered by a howling wind producing interesting tonal effects and creating a poetic display of Antarctica’s intense environmental affects. Similarly, Aerial-Farm presents an aerial-mast with multiple wires that are activated by the wind, producing an intense phonic resonance as the image fades in and out through the interference of the snow storm. “Mostly the valley seems silent, with only a background hiss of pink noise to accompany the intrusive sounds of my body, my footsteps. No bird or animal noises, only occasional ice snaps and explosive retorts from the splintering glacial-face and the lakes of frozen seepage from the melt” (Extract from Philip Dadson’s diary written while in Dry Valleys, Antarctica, January 2003) Philip Dadson is a sound and intermedia artist based in Auckland. He is the founder of From Scratch, an innovative rhythm/performance group and has exhibited and performed widely in New Zealand and internationally. In 2001, Dadson was awarded the New Zealand Arts Foundation Artists Laureate. Produced with generous support from Antarctica NZ and Creative New Zealand. For further information on Philip Dadson visit www.sonicsfromscratch.co.nz. Reviews, Essays & Articles Art Beat, The Press, 15 January 2005 Artbash - news and reviews of the visual arts in Christchurch Art Beat, The Press, 22 January 2005 Arts, The Press, 26 January 2005 The Guide, Sunday Star Times, 30 January 2005 Art Beat, The Press, 9 February 2005
So tender...love this photo...what perfect skin...very envious! i hate it when people complain about their freckles. sure you get teased until you're 13, but that's hardly a trade off for looking like nature likes you more than your next door neighbor. oh how beautiful!You know what, it's my first visit here and I will be back. Beautiful blog!Love Mia oh, wow...p.s. I agree very much with olga d. Freckles are so beautiful.
Was wondering what y’all think of what’s going on in Pakistan. Yesterday, an attempt to destroy one of the Intelligence Agency centers in Lahore killed more than two dozen people, injured more than three hundred, and destroyed an emergency services building: - Article: http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/28/world/asia/28pstan.html - Pics: http://www.nytimes.com/slideshow/2009/05/27/world/0527-pstan_index.html Today (28 May 2009), Pakistan the Taliban warned people to evacuate cities (scary !!!).
SPECIAL TRAINS – Ajni – Karmali – Ajni Train No. 01119 / 01120 Ajni – Karmali – Ajni Weekly Special : Train No. 01119 Ajni – Karmali Weekly Special will leave from Ajni at 19:50 hrs on every Monday from 09th April 2018 to 04th June 2018 .Train will reach Karmali at 20:30 hrs on next day. Train No. 01120 Karmali – Ajni Weekly Special will leave from Karmali at 21:30 hrs on every Tuesday from 10th April 2018 to 05th June 2018 .Train will reach Ajni at 22:00 hrs on next day. Train will halt at Wardha, Pulgaon, Dhamangaon, Badnera, Akola, Shegaon, Malkapur, Bhusawal, Jalgaon, Chalisgaon, Manmad, Nasik Road, Igatpuri, Kalyan, Panvel, Roha, Khed, Chiplun, Ratnagiri, Kankavali, Kudal and Thivim stations. Composition : Total 18 Coaches = Two Tier AC – 01 Coach, Three Tier AC – 01 Coach, II Sleeper – 12 Coaches, General – 02 Coaches, SLR – 02 Coaches. Passengers may avail the services.
Pres. Obama’s 2017 proposed budget includes $1.3 billion in benefits for unaccompanied children who illegally cross the U.S. border. Around 75,000 minors are expected to cross this year, meaning $17, 613 would be set aside for each UAC while the average Social Security benefit is only $14,772. According to the Center of Immigration Studies (CIS) this is double what the federal government spent on unaccompanied children in 2010. A U.S. Customs and Border Protection Service report shows that the number of unaccompanied children coming across the southwest border has increased 78% from FY 2015 to FY 2016. Many of these children make the journey to join family members already living in the U.S. illegally. Data from the Department of Health and Human Services shows that around 80% of the unaccompanied children that were placed between February 2014 and September 2015 were released “to sponsors who are in the United States illegally.” A recent DHS intelligence report showed that 60% of the family units apprehended at the border said that current U.S. immigration policies influenced their decision to come to the U.S. Read more on this story at The Washington Examiner. Updated: Thu, May 19th 2016 @ 3:20pm EDT
Screen printed flour sack towel. 28" x 28". Design is printed on lower center of towel and measures approximately 15" x 17". All four sides are hemmed. They are made from premium 130 thread count cotton fabric with a hanger loop sewn in the corner. These make fabulous housewarming or hostess gifts! Wash cold and dry on low heat.
There has been a correction made to the 2016 – 2017 State Competitive Summery. The Level 3’s Entry Fees due date has been changed. It is now the following: $75.00 Entry Fee on or before 3/13/2017, $125.00 After 3/13/2017 11:59pm To see the corrected state competitive summery, click here
I have done a root canal treatment 15 days back and put the permanent crown 3days back but I am experiencing pain when biting. When I consulted my doctor she told it may took one month to settle is it correct or what measure should I take. If before placing crown there is no pain on biting and afterplacing crown it gets pain it means. Crown is little bit high. If it is not so lets wait for some time it might be settle down. You found this helpful Was this answer helpful? Thank you for your feedback. Suggestions offered by doctors on Lybrate are of advisory nature i.e., for educational and informational purposes only. Content posted on, created for, or compiled by Lybrate is not intended or designed to replace your doctor's independent judgment about any symptom, condition, or the appropriateness or risks of a procedure or treatment for a given person.
January is National Mentoring Month! This month is nationally dedicated to mentoring as well as honoring our mentors. Mentoring plays a critical role in the lives of many people, Mentors and Mentees alike. We take this time to thank our Get Real! Mentors and invite others who are interested to join. Become a Get Real! Mentor
In Christmas 2009 I got a Creative Vado HD It’s a nice, convenient little camera and we use it quite a bit. The only real issue I’ve found with it is in editing the video it takes. On Windows XP, if you install the software that comes with the camera, the files play just fine but you can only edit them using the editor that comes with the camera. On Windows 7, the files play just fine without installing any additional software, and you can edit the files… in Windows Live Movie Maker and that’s about it. There’s something not-quite-right with the file format and I’m not the only person who’s I use Sony Vegas to edit my videos. It’s a nice program with a lot of power behind it, and while it’s not the easiest thing to figure out, it is certainly flexible enough to grow with you as you get better at editing and making movies. Problem is, when you drop a Vado HD file into Vegas 9.0, it sees the audio but no video. I blogged how to add H.264 video support to once I figured it out - install the x264vfw codec. For Sony Vegas 9, that fixes Unfortunately, that doesn’t work in Vegas 10. I upgraded to Sony Vegas 10 because it’s actually noticeably faster in processing/rendering video and is far more reliable than Vegas 9. Vegas 9 would occasionally crash on me for no reason; 10 really hasn’t crashed… but now I see a different symptom. Without x264vfw, Vegas 10 doesn’t see the video on Vado HD files… and while it sees that audio exists, it can’t interpret it, so you see a flat line audio track that can’t play. If you try to play it, Vegas Adding the x264vfw codec, Vegas 10 sees the video, but the audio still Again, on Windows 7 with Windows Live Movie Maker, you can play and edit these Vado HD files just fine. I submitted a support question to Sony and after a fairly lengthy delay, I got the following response: Thank you for contacting Sony Creative Software. First, I apologize for the unusually long delay in responding to you. Our new Vegas Pro 10 has been well-received and as such, a high number of people are coming to us for support on this product. Unfortunately, we (and other editing programs) have encountered issues with Creative Vado footage and are currently looking to correct it. I have found that this forum link has helpful suggestions for your problem (and includes links to codec packs that help the product read the files better): These codec packs are not created by us and we do not do support on them, so any questions you may have regarding them I recommend you direct them to that forum. We hope to include this codec in future versions of the software so that this extra step is no longer needed. Thank you for your report! So it turns out Sony is aware of the issue but hasn’t yet addressed it. At least they’re aware of it. In the suggested forum link (and in other forums), people have arrived at basically three solutions: - Convert the Vado HD file to another format that Vegas understands and drop the converted file in. - Split the audio and video in the Vado HD file into separate files. Convert the video part but leave the audio alone. Add the two separately into Vegas. - Install x264vfw. That fixes it for Vegas 9 but not Vegas 10. My solution went with option 1 - convert the Vado HD file to another format that Vegas understands. I use Windows Live Movie Maker (since it’s free) to do that conversion. In Windows Live Movie Maker, create a new custom setting for videos. Use the following values, which will work for converting the high quality Vado HD files into something with no noticeable quality loss: - Width: 1280 - Height: 720 - Bit rate: 8500 - Frame rate: 30 - Audio format: 192kbps, 48kHz, stereo Drop your movie into the Windows Live Movie Maker timeline. Save the movie using the new custom setting. Import the new/converted movie into Vegas. Done and done. Not perfect, but better than nothing. Hopefully this gets
Web3D is nonprofit organization that develops and maintains the X3D, VRML, and H-Anim international standards. These are 3D graphics file formats and run-time specifications for the delivery and integration of interactive 3D data over networks. Web3D Consortium members work together to produce open, royalty-free and ISO-ratified capabilities for the Web. Copyright © 1999-2018, Web3D Consortium Design by Zymphonies
Polydomed Label is made from White Vinyl with Clear Resin Overlay and supplied as standard with Permanent Adhesive. Also available in bespoke sizes and alternative base materials upon quotation request. 100 Gel Badge Labels = £261 250 Gel Badge Labels = £522 500 Gel Badge Labels = £950 1000 Gel Badge Labels = £1,740 For bespoke orders please contact us, call: 01384 264700 or email: firstname.lastname@example.org This product is also available in 25mm, 50mm & 75mm
American Falls, ID Painting Company (866) 296-8909 Kitchen Cabinet Painting Wall and Ceiling Repair Water Damage Repair Exterior Painting American Falls Deck Cleaning and Staining Condo Association Painting American Falls, ID Painters | (866) 296-8909 determined home spread projects absolutely require a professional. I cannot think of many homeowners who are ready to install their own HVAC, pour a foundation, or build an addition. supplementary projects, when painting, just seem to be begging for the do-it-yourselfer. After all, who isn’t proficient of dabbing a brush in paint? But painting is more difficult than it looks. So, it is following great pleasure that many DIY painters announce that it is now grow old to employ a painting contractor to take upon the job. Let us locate out what painting contractors do, how to employ them, and how to negotiate the best price for your painting job. What Is a American Falls ID 83211 Painting Contractor? A painting contractor can put-on as a sub, or sub-contractor, under a general contractor, or can employ itself out directly to the homeowner. Usually, the painting contractor is a relatively small operation, ranging from the one-man sole official going on to 20 or 30 painters keen for a small company. How To locate One Painting contractors tend to be local (as of yet, there are no nationally franchised paint contractors). even though paint contractors concentrate upon painting, some play united tasks such as plaster repairs, teenage drywall work, trim and molding, and wallpapering. The other difficult allowance is getting a painting contractor to play in up. even if this generalization does not apply to every painter, personally I am utterly grateful if I can get a paint contractor to bill stirring to look at the house and to forward-thinking develop a written estimate in American Falls ID 83211. I hardly malformation the painting contractors, because I think it is a concentration of the contractors beast smaller operations along subsequently a high demand for their work. Because it is next to impossible to find out assistance about local painting contractors upon the Internet, the old adage talk to neighbors applies here in American Falls ID 83211. Some painting contractors display signs on the lawns of houses they are in force on, but you locate this more taking into account general contractors and siding and replacement windows companies. So, supplementary than the painters white panel van out front, you often reach not know what is going on inside your neighbors houses in American Falls ID 83211. Urban areas often have local magazines (i.e., in Seattle, there is Seattle Magazine), and many of them have features upon renovated houses. These pieces will list the names and phone numbers for the contractor and sub-contractorsbut be warned, these sub-contractors are usually unconditionally high-end and expensive. What Will He Do? Most painting contractors will endure upon any nice of job, from merely painting your window trim to a full-house paint job. But allow us say you will that they are painting your interior. You can usually expect: - Coverage of all areas that will not be painted, including floors, windows, kitchen counters, cabinets, etc. - Minor surface preparation prior to painting, which means well-ventilated sanding and scraping away lost paint, tapping in a few protruding nails, cleaning off woodwork, using tackcloth in some areas. The key here is minor, as the contractor will endure that the home is mostly in paint-ready condition - Removal of electrical plates, lights, doors, and new obstacles. - Moving furniture away for improved access to the areas to be painted. This is not truly a painters job, correspondingly you would obsession to confirm this beforehand. - Priming other drywall or the current paint behind an interior latex primer. - Two color coats of interior latex paint upon the walls. - Two coats of ceiling paint. - Painting the trim and molding (baseboards, window trim, window mutins, etc.). - Touchups of missed spots. - Cleanups for accidents (no concern how fine the coverage in the manner of drop-cloths, some drips will happen). - A unquestionable evaluation in the midst of painting foreman and homeowner. How To talk To Him Unlike conversing in the same way as an electrician, you pull off not compulsion to know specialized lingo. Most house painting contractors are fine at making things distinct to the homeowner. A few topics you will want to discuss: - Is the cost of the paint included in the estimate? - What type of paint does the contractor seek on using? - How many coats will be laid down? - How does he aspire upon covering the non-paintable areas? - How long does he expect the job to take? - Is it preferable for the residents to vacate the home during the job? - Will he use masking tape in relation to the trim or the cut-in method? How Much Will It Cost? More than you expect. Some painting contractors will have formulas that they use, adding together up square footage of walls and ceilings, along in the same way as linear footage of trim. They will calculate preparation time, as with ease as the hard costs for primer and paint. Most paint contractors will manage to pay for you an estimate based upon their experience behind thesame jobs. even if this estimate cannot be tied to specifics, it is usually a adequately fine figure. For you, the homeowner, the without help artifice you will know if this is a fine estimate is to compare it to quotes you get from supplementary contractors. A whole-house interior paint job like the one described in this article can easily cost around $10,000 or more.
Vesbo is committed to the betterment of housing and living needs, and the advancement of wellbeing. A house is not a home till it is made healthy and comfortable for dwelling. Since the realisation of our first product, we have always focused on professionalism and technology advancement in: - Transforming our client’s homes into a healthy and safe living environment. - Developing a framework and realizing cohesive values for our employee’s career. - Building a sustainable future for our society. VESBO® is a leading brand in the thermoplastic (PP-R) piping industry. With offices located in Europe, Middle East, Asia Pacific and distribution networks covering 75 countries and regions, VESBO® sets the trend for research and development, manufacturing, and sales volumes in the industry. VESBO in the Asia-Pacific VESBO® PP-R pipes and fittings were introduced to the Far East markets in 1994. Located in Singapore, Vesbo Asia Pte Ltd is a subsidiary of KAR Group of Companies and is the Asia Pacific marketing arm of VESBO®. It is established to introduce, market and assign distributors for Novaplast Plastik’s manufactured products in the Asia Pacific region. VESBO invest in the Asia-Pacific Vesbo’s first manufacturing facility outside of Turkey, Novaplast Malaysia, is located in the Iskandar Region of Johor (Malaysia) – about an hour’s drive from Vesbo Asia Pacific office in Singapore. The plant offers a full range of VESBO® PP-R pipes and fittings with a total annual capacity of 10,000 metric tonnes of processed products. It is driven by a core team of experienced managers and technical supervisors from Vesbo headquarters in Europe. The EUR10-million regional facility is jointly invested by Arcon Germany, Novaplast Turkey and Vesbo Asia (Singapore), and is part of the global plan to invest EUR30 million in production facilities and logistic hubs over 7 years. It is a key milestone on Vesbo’s strategic, long-term global development roadmap to deliver consistently high quality products to regional customers who have grown to be at home with VESBO®.
Trattoria da Gigetto, Rome ……….Our last evening. We ignore the explored, chance a back alley. Euros short, we frown from menu to menu until a terrace under vines turning to autumn. ……….Paolo brings Martini Rossi ‘not for bill’, positions our rigatoni tenderly on the table. When the Frascati is low, he plants an abandoned half of Marino between us. We count out notes, can’t rustle up enough for thanks, slink off. ……….Two metres on is yet another time-gnawed portico arrowing the cobalt, and a curve of arena. We stumble close through tipsy shadows. ……….High on a wall, a plaque. The words that we can understand: ……….OTTOBRE 1943 … ………………..CAMPI DI STERMINIO. There was the clouded eye of the Friday fish, slatted seats on trains, basins for breakfast drinks, and no flat bread. The limestone Lycée swallowed us, stored us in cells, bounced back our laughter down its corridors, sighed from its drains at Midland vowels. I looked up to the haughty on a catwalk, down on strollers in the Bois from a fiacre which cost several thousand francs, each sou a seedling dibbled from a tray and pressed into a pot. With heels in holes from unfamiliar shoes, the Champs Elysées saw me slipper-shod. I learned to breathe garlic-Gauloise air, and the twist & flick of table ‘foot’ from Rob of Loughborough. Tipsy on the scent of coloured light in Notre Dame, I lost my girl’s-school heart to Alistair who bought me grenadine. Even the crossing from Dieppe couldn’t dim my longing to return. Now there are different mysteries: blind-bend overtaking, whether to retain the knife and fork, when does Bonjour become Bonsoir, the favoured way of administering drugs, graves like greenhouses, church clocks that double-chime and how many kisses. Published in The French Literary Review 12 and The Agister’s Experiment (Two Rivers Press, 2011) Gill Learner lives in Reading. Her poetry has won several awards and been widely published in journals such as Acumen, The North and Poetry News, and in anthologies including Her Wings of Glass and Fanfare (Second Light Publications, 2014 & 2015) and The Day Destroyed (Wilfred Owen Association, 2015). Her first collection, The Agister’s Experiment (Two Rivers Press, 2011) was generously reviewed and her second, Chill Factor (June 2016) contains poems from Agenda 48/3–4 & 49/1. Read more at www.poetrypf.co.uk/gilllearnerpage.shtml.
The Oxford University Africa Society is a student club register with the Proctors of the University of Oxford. The Society has been one of the most important platforms for African issues for the past 60 years and a supportive community for many African students. In the evening of June 3rd, 1958, William Malcolm Hailey (Lord Hailey) gave the inaugural address that served as the establishment of the Society. It was supported by Kenneth Kirkwood, pioneering Rhodes Professor of Race Relations and one of the main actors, together with Anthony Kirk-Greene, a senior fellow at St Anthony’s, of the early attempts to create an African Studies Centre at St Antony College. The Centre would not concretize for several decades, but the African affairs seminars instituted by Kirkwood, the courses taught by Kirk-Greene and countless graduate students supervised by him, the contributions of St Antony's and of Queen Elizabeth House generated an outstanding scholarship and created a vibrant environment. Many of those figures were involved in the Africa Society.
These Are the 2 Biggest Blunders You Can Make On a Job Interview "Job interview" -- the two most exciting words this side of "free WiFi." Landing a job interview is your chance to show a prospective employer that you're the perfect candidate for the position he or she is seeking to fill. You grab your power tie, shine your shoes and fill up your briefcase with -- well, what do you fill up your briefcase with? You don't have a job, so it's not like you have important work papers in there, right? Getting the job interview is only half the battle, though. As Wayup CEO Liz Wessel reminds us, there are a pair of no-nos most recent college graduates most commonly make (although there are plenty of other actions to avoid, including stabbing and robbery). The first is you don't follow up after the interview and the second is you don't ask enough questions. Of course, that's not to say you should follow up in an email and complain that your parking wasn't validated or ask mid-interview where the bathroom is. You need to be thoughtful to show you have what it takes to become the biggest asset to the firm since that big guy in accounting was hired to be a ringer on the company softball team.
An arrest for driving while impaired can be a frightening and confusing experience. Christopher Shelburn is a Charlotte DWI DUI defense attorney who can help. DUI DWI defense is a cornerstone of our practice and we have the experience to formulate a strategy that works best for you and your situation. A knowledgeable DWI attorney can protect your legal rights and help you to maintain your driving privileges while guiding you through the Mecklenburg County Court system. Our goal is to achieve the best possible outcome for you. In some cases, our clients need an aggressive defense to fight the charges in court. In other cases, the goal is to minimize punishments and costs our clients face. North Carolina DWI law is extremely complex but we will consult closely with you to ensure your case is handled in the manner that works to your best advantage. Our objective is to help you get back to a normal life and keep your driving privileges with minimal cost to your wallet and livelihood. Rest assured we will work hard to help you avoid jail time, license revocation, and high court fines. Our fees are reasonable, with payment plans available. DWI: Driving While Impaired Changes to the DUI / DWI law have greatly increased the potential consequences of a conviction for drunk driving. In recent years, the legislature has pushed for stiffer penalties and higher conviction rates in North Carolina drunk driving cases. The public pressure on local courts and law enforcement officials has increased the need for experienced defense of DWI charges. It is more important than ever to have aggressive representation on your side. Getting stopped for drunk driving (commonly referred to as “DWI” – driving while intoxicated or “DUI” – driving under the influence) is a serious offense and can have different consequences depending upon where you live. All 50 states define driving with a blood alcohol content (BAC) level at or above the prescribed threshold level as a crime. In North Carolina, as in most states, this level is 0.08 percent. However, North Carolina has enacted zero tolerance laws that lower that level for underage drivers and also imposes harsher penalties for those caught with levels of .15 or above. If you are pulled over, and a police officer has reason to believe you may be impaired due to alcohol or some other substance, you will generally be required to take a sobriety test (blood, breath or urine) upon arrest to determine your BAC level. North Carolina implied consent laws require those arrested to submit to a BAC test or face license suspension for refusing to take the test. However, this ONLY applies to tests after arrest. Submission to breath tests at the scene via preliminary breath test (“PBT”) or “alcosensor” is not required. In North Carolina, willful refusal of breath test after arrest often carries a one-year license suspension even if you are found not guilty of DWI. If the police officer believes you are impaired by drugs or alcohol, chances are you’ll be taken into custody and brought to a police station where you’ll be held until someone can pick you up, or until the next morning when you have sobered up. In addition, your license may be temporarily suspended and your vehicle may be impounded for a period of time after the incident. However, these penalties seldom apply for refusing to perform SFST’s (standardized field sobriety tests), which are the physical coordination tests an officer has you perform. YOU MAY REFUSE SFST’s. The first concern for many clients charged with DWI / DUI is license revocation. In North Carolina, your license is immediately suspended for 30 days after being arrested on a DUI / DWI charge. 10 days after arrest, you may file an application for a limited driving privilege that will last through the 30 day period. After 30 days, you can pay a reinstatement fee at the courthouse to get your license back in full. If you are convicted, your license will be suspended again, however, you may still qualify for a limited driving privilege. We can assist you in this confusing legal process of license revocation and reinstatement, and handle your application for a limited driving privilege. Generally, your first court date after arrest will be in administrative court. In Mecklenburg County, your attorney may appear on your behalf at these initial court dates without your presence. Later, your case will move to trial court where the arresting officer will be present and you must appear. In most cases, your final court date will be months from arrest. IF YOU ARE FOUND GUILTY, THE COURT WILL: - impose fines and court costs - suspend or revoke your license - require participation in an alcohol treatment/education program - add points to your license (and your insurance will most likely increase) - sentence you to jail or require community service work as an alternative - require an ignition interlock device installed on your vehicle in some circumstances Probable Cause has been defined by the NC Courts as “a reasonable ground of suspicion supported by sufficiently strong circumstances to warrant a cautious man in believing the accused to be guilty.” A judge has to determine whether the facts support the officer in believing the driver of being guilty of Driving While Impaired. If those facts cannot be established and the officer arrested the driver anyway, this is a violation of the driver’s Constitutional rights. After an unlawful arrest, all evidence gathered after the unlawful arrest should be excluded. This usually means that the case will be dismissed. A Charlotte DWI DUI defense attorney will review your case to determine whether your Constitutional rights have been compromised and fight to have your case thrown out. What do I say if I’m pulled over for a DWI / DUI in Charlotte (Mecklenburg) North Carolina?First, you have the right to remain silent. You don’t have to answer any questions that the officer asks you about drinking or your other activities that evening. Any statements you make to the officer are sure to be used against you in court at a later time. Secondly, be polite. Erratic or emotional behavior is a sign of impairment that can be used against you in court. Additionally the officer you are speaking with is a hard-working professional who deserves courteous responses. One of the first areas a Charlotte DWI DUI defense attorney will look at is whether there was “Reasonable Suspicion” to pull you over in the first place. In North Carolina an officer can stop you if he witnesses criminal conduct or has reasonable suspicion that criminal conduct has occurred or is about to occur. In other words, if you break a traffic law the police can pull you over. If you have not broken any laws, the officer may conduct a brief investigatory stop only if there are specific facts that reasonably justify him to “conclude in light of his experience that criminal activity may be afoot.” If the officer does not have these types of facts then the stop is unconstitutional and any evidence gathered as a result should be excluded. If the officer can’t justify the initial stop then the rest of the process is invalid, therefore, the NC DWI charge should be dismissed. Do I have to perform the field sobriety tests when I’m pulled over for Drinking and Driving in North Carolina? You are under no obligation to perform field sobriety tests. Any mistakes you make on the tests (called Standardized Field Sobriety Tests) will be used against you in court. These tests can also be used to establish “Probable Cause” to arrest you. Can I refuse the roadside alcohol test when I’m stopped for a Driving While Impaired (DWI) in North Carolina? You are under no obligation to perform the roadside test for alcohol. You are free to refuse it just as you are free to refuse the other roadside tests. The result of that roadside alcohol test can be used against you in court to establish Probable Cause for arrest and to establish the presence of alcohol in your system; however the exact reading is not admissible. The officer may only testify as to a “positive” result, meaning some alcohol is present in your breath. Can I refuse to “blow” at the station when I’m arrested for a North Carolina DWI/DUI? You may refuse the breath test in North Carolina DWI arrests. However, the officer can still demand a blood test. An officer will frequently do that if there’s been an accident, or an injury. The second factor to note is that without an alcohol reading it is often much more difficult for the state to prove the case against you. With that in mind you should also know that the court can consider your refusal of the test as an adverse factor in determining your guilt. The North Carolina DMV will suspend a driver’s license for one year for refusing the breath test. The driver will also not be eligible for a “limited driving privilege” to drive to and from work for the first six months of that suspension.
RavenDB 4.0 book update is available A new update to the Inside RavenDB book is available. I’m up to chapter 9 (although Chapter 8 is just a skeleton). You can read it here. In particular, the details about running RavenDB in a cluster and the distributed technologies and approaches it uses are now fully covered. I still have to get back to discussing ETL strategies, but there are two full chapters discussing how RavenDB clusters and replication work in detail. I would dearly appreciate any feedback on that part. This is a complex topic, and I want to get additional eyes on this to make sure sure that it is understandable. Especially if you are new to distributed system design and how they work. Another major advantage that we now have a professional editor go through chapter 1 – 7, so the usage of the English language probably leveled up at least twice. Errors, awkward phrasing and outright mistakes remains my own, and I would love to hear about any issues you find. Also new in this drop is a full chapter talking about how to query RavenDB and dive into the new RQL language. There is still a lot to cover about indexes, and this chapter hasn’t been edited yet, but I think that this should give a good insight into how we are actually doing things and what you can do with the new query language. In addition to that, we are ramping up documentation work as we start closing things down to the actual final release. We are currently aiming that at the end of the year, so it is right around the corner. I also would like to remind people that we are currently giving 30% discount for purchase of RavenDB licenses, for the duration of the Release Candidate. This offer will go away after the RTM release. Another source of confusion seems to be the community license. I wanted to clarify that you can absolutely use the community license for production usage, including using features such as high availability and running in a cluster. So grab a license, or just grab the bits and run with them. But most importantly, grab the book (https://github.com/ravendb/book/releases) and let me know what you think.
I am currently hard at work trying to finish the first draft of my next book Forever and a Day. As much as I would love to crank my novels out faster to satisfy the appetite of my voracious readers, I just don’t work like that. I have to take my time so that I can release the best product possible. Yet, I am not insensitive to your pain (lol), and I am ever so grateful that some of you are eagerly anticipating the next novel. I began to seek a way to connect with my friends, readers, and supporters in between novels and decided that a series of short stories would be perfect. I am proud to announce that the Things Every Good Woman Should Know series made it’s eBook debut yesterday. It can be purchased on Kindle and Nook for only .99! Up-and-coming singer, Dawn Williams, finds herself faced with a difficult decision when she is pressured to have breast implants to help enhance her budding career. She begins to question her own definition of beauty and the sincerity of those who are supposed to love her and have her best interests at heart. Dawn embarks on a journey of self-love as she seeks to define true beauty and defy those who use the entertainment industry’s distorted images as a measuring stick for it. Beauty isn’t found in a cup size. Any woman who has ever doubted her own looks should read this. (38 pages) Check out the book Trailer
1) I have a hen raising a peachick and a few more hens setting on pea eggs. Some of these hens live in a coop where they free range during the day in a 2 acre pasture. Would peas take off when older and fly over the fence? 2) Also how long is desirable to keep them confined if they are going to free range during the day? 3) How long would new peas perhaps already grown need to be confined before free ranging them so they know where they belong? Thanks.
During lunch in an upscale restaurant near the White House, Betsy Devos and Paul Ryan sat in saturnine melancholy. Things weren't going well for the new Presidential administration. Nor the Congress. They didn't have to say a word, this fact screamed through in vivid colors within the drab bleakness of the rich walnut paneling and the dim lighting of the chandeliers overhead. "How's about that Jeff Sessions?" Ryan asked Devos. "Oh, I hate those Saturday Night Live actors. They make me sick," Devos said. "No, no, no. Jeff Sessions is the new Attorney General of the United States. You know the biggest legal eagle in the land that the big boss hired. That redneck who looks like a small chicken. He's from Alabama," Ryan said. "You don't need to coach me on such things, you ignorant philistine. I know who Jeff Sessions is - he was sitting on that bus-stop bench with Vladimir Putin on TV a few Saturdays ago. I saw it after a late meeting with a new bridge club I just joined. . .Yes, I remember it well. Vlad the Inhaler wasn't wearing a shirt. Sessions offered Vlad a piece of chocolate. They punched fists in a 'bro handshake', or whatever the other 99.999% do these days in greeting one another. Yes, Sessions looks a lot like Forrest Gump," Devos said. "No, no, no, You've got this all wrong. That was a Saturday Night Live skit. And the actor you're talking about isn't even a man. She's a she. Her name is Melissa McCarthy. God do we hate her. Get with the program, too, girl," Ryan snapped. "Well what's so big about Sessions? What is he, a scientist, a doctor, a lobbyist, some sort of lawyer?" "He's our new Attorney General. Of the United States, Betsy. Don't tell me you didn't know that an Attorney General has a law degree. He has to be a lawyer. He's not a scientist or some G-Man beekeeper. Dah!" "Don't get smart with me, hotshot. I have more money than God. A lot more than that asshole Donald Trump, that's for sure. . ." Ryan got a frustrated look on his face and huffed: "Sessions recused himself from the Russian inquiry. That dumb redneck from the woods had the stupidity of meeting with the Russian Ambassador to the United States. Ah, what a mess. There's even some talk about perjury. He recused himself after only holding office a little more than twenty days. Twenty-three or twenty-four, I think." "Well what was it? Twenty-three or twenty-four days?" Devos asked. "Oh you're such a bitch, and a control freak, Betsy. What do I look like, an encyclopedia? If I'm wrong, I'll just tell you it's an 'alternative fact'. Call it all up on on Wikipedia. It's got to be there by now." Devos looked out the picture window with intense eyes, took a nibble of fine caviar and said, "Huh, twenty-three or twenty-four days. That' a little more than a month. That's not really that long of a time. . . ."
Eric L. Engstrom, M.P.H., President and Executive Consultant, joined Dr. Keeling in 1989 to form K&A. As the Company’s President, he has primary responsibility for organizational leadership and management, strategy and business development, innovation in technology and communications, and quality assurance. Mr. Engstrom provides direct consultation, technical assistance, and training programs in key areas for K&A’s clients. He is an experienced and skilled facilitator in strategic analysis and planning for organizations. As the first Executive Director of the Minnesota AIDS Project, he directed planning and implementation of state-wide HIV prevention and direct care and service programs, and later collaborated with other leaders of HIV-related service agencies on national boards, government agencies, and consensus conferences. Throughout the first decade of the AIDS epidemic, he provided national leadership in HIV prevention, care, services, and advocacy. His ability to understand the relationships between the parts of complex organizations and to think systemically, which were essential features of his success in Minnesota, are now essential elements of his work at K&A as well. Mr. Engstrom received his bachelor’s degree in Psychology from the College of Liberal Arts and a Master’s degree in Public Health from the School of Public Health, both at the University of Minnesota.
Los Angeles traffic is both world-famous and infuriating. But Elon Musk’s solution — underground tunnels dug by the Boring Company — isn’t what Los Angeles really needs, experts say. Musk first shared his idea to dig tunnels across LA on Dec. 17, 2016, when he became fed up with being stuck behind the wheel. “Traffic is driving me nuts,” he tweeted. “[I] am going to start building a tunnel boring machine and just start digging.” Now, on Dec. 4, Musk and the Boring Company updated his vision by releasing a conceptual map of proposed tunnel routes for Los Angeles. The first phase of construction would include a 6.5-mile, proof-of-concept tunnel between West Los Angeles and Inglewood (an excavation permit application has already been submitted, the Boring Company said). Other routes would then be added across the city, stretching to all well-touristed corners, including Santa Monica and the Dodger Stadium. But Elon Musk’s vision won’t become a reality without overcoming a long process of bureaucratic red tape. If it does happen, it will likely look something like this: Cars will sit on electric skates that carry them at high speeds through underground tunnels. An elevator-like lift will bring them from the street level to underground, along with autonomously-driven pods that may carry 8 to 16 passengers at a time. It sounds cool and looks futuristic, but “I wouldn’t expect it to do anything measurable to reduce what congestion is like on the existing roadways in Los Angeles,” Juan Matute, associate director of the UCLA Institute of Transportation Studies, said in a phone interview. “That doesn’t mean it wouldn’t speed up Elon Musk’s commute or the commute of others who use it,” he added, “but there wouldn’t be any measured impact on the 405 and other congested freeways, or surface streets.” The traffic problem in LA is bad — really bad. It actually ranks as the worst in the world, according to the 2016 Inrix Global Traffic Scorecard, which measured hours stuck in traffic across 1,064 cities. Within 240 commuting days, LA drivers spent an average of 104.1 hours behind the wheel in congestion during peak hours in 2016 (for what it’s worth, there were 261 work days on the calendar that year). Surely, with a problem this severe, one could argue that it’s heartening to see all hands on deck — Musk’s included. “I do like the fact that private sector dollars are being expended on mobility and the transit side,” Brooks Rainwater, director of the National League of Cities’ Center for City Solutions, said in a phone interview. However, he sees a very clear issue with these tunnels of high-speed electric skis: “You’re still going to have a problem of induced demand and tunneling underground,” he said. “Induced demand” is exactly why several transit experts have thrown cold water on Musk’s idea. It’s a well-documented phenomenon where increasing capacity for cars ultimately invites more cars on the road. In other words, many believe that traffic can’t be resolved by simply making more space for cars — which is what Musk’s tunnels will effectively do by removing a vehicle from the streets and turning it into an underground luge. “That’s been the story in LA for decades. Over the past 15 years, we’ve had two projects — the last of which was over a billion dollars — to widen the 405 freeway,” Matute said. “It has had a really negligible effect on traffic. … That applies to a tunnel, a widened roadway — anything, really.” Though the Boring Company’s selling point is its “fast to dig, low cost tunnels,” Matute said the real snag might be in the surface-street connection. Although tunnels can be dug deep underground, already-existing infrastructure can make constructing the car elevator a high-cost puzzle. “Especially if you want to have a surface connection under the street, which is where the utilities are, you have to remap all of those utilities in order to dig that surface connection,” he said. “That’s what ends up being really expensive — when you have, in some cases, a 3-foot-wide storm drain that you have to reroute without clogging it up.” Matute estimated that the Boring Company’s map would cost about $50 to $75 billion to build, and said he believes that this wouldn’t be transportation for the common man. He estimated that prices to take Musk’s express tunnel system would conceivably be $50 or even $100 each way. “$100 would not be unreasonable to try to recuperate the cost. That’s still eight or so dollars [in a 16-person passenger pod], when the metro fare is $1.75,” he said. “There are some people for whom it’d make LA a more viable place — Elon Musk and other people who have the money to spend $10,000 a year on these types of fees.” Matute also said he believes that it would take 15 or more years to build the proposed network of tunnels on “an aggressive construction schedule.” Rainwater, too, estimated 15 years — though he noted Musk has a track record for moving quickly on his many other ventures, like SpaceX and Tesla. “Until we are seeing miles of tunnel laid down, I don’t think we really know the long-term implications of how quick this project would get done,” Rainwater said. “Ultimately, what’s happening is that we’re in this transportation mobility shift where there’s lots of wonderful new ideas explored, but we’re still only in that piloting and concept phase.” “People who study transportation are waiting for the additional details,” Matute said. “This is highly unlikely to work. I would bet against it.” Los Angeles is planning a serious transit makeover, though LA residents will still need to keep their patience. In 2016, the city introduced a sales tax hike that is expected to bring $860 million a year to projects such as subway line extensions, an all-new rail to Los Angeles International Airport, new bike lanes and an expanded bike-share system. “I think the best foot forward for Los Angeles is exactly what they’re doing,” Rainwater said. “There’s been great investments by the residents of LA, in tens of billions of dollars, for long-term infrastructure transit projects.”
Here's a sample of our volunteer opportunities:VIEW AS The mission of Include Autism is to provide a multifaceted approach to community-wide autism inclusion, offering progressive integrated programs and applied learning experiences for individuals of all abilities. The Include Autism program is a community-based, social behavior development and inclusion program for kids and teens diagnosed with an Autism Spectrum Disorder. This program focuses on breaking down the skills involved in building reciprocal, meaningful relationships and friendships by working in a peer-rich environment in an effort to foster natural relationship building opportunities. This program is run by an autism-specifically trained and educated, highly skilled Coaching Team led by a Team of Board Certified Behavior Analysts (BCBAs). The Team utilizes a variety of individual evidence-based practices that focus on teaching behavior self-management strategies and supporting social skill development to help our program participants more independently navigate and be actively included in their community.
It’s a Bank Holiday and spring is… springing? Anyhow, here’s what I read over April between running a half marathon and praying my knee didn’t fall off afterwards: 1) Red Mars by Kim Stanley Robinson. Now I know this isn’t historical fiction but I did see somewhere it’s future history and I fancied a change. Very interesting book and I hope to read the other two at some point. 2) Conan Doyle and the Mysterious World of Light by Matt Wingett. I went to Matt’s talk on Sir Arthur as part of the Portsmouth Bookfest. A very fascinating account on how the creator of Sherlock Holmes became a Spiritualist. 3) Making History by Stephen Fry. Another winner of the Sidewise Award which looks into the consequences of two people stopping Hitler from being born. A worthy winner. 4) The Knife of Never Letting Go by Patrick Ness. After many, many recommendations I finally got round to reading this. Glad I did, too. 5) Vespasian: False God of Rome by Robert Fabbri. After really enjoying the first two ages ago I finally got round to reading number three and picked up where the last one left off. Today I started the fourth one. Anyway, enjoy the last couple of hours of the Bank Holiday (unless you’re reading this at the end of the month, in which case enjoy the whole Bank Holiday. Or you’ve travelled back in time…)
A B.C. union continues to gather signatures for a parliamentary petition calling on the federal government to end what it calls “discriminatory” practices that bar gay men from donating blood. Annette Toth, vice-president of MoveUp, which represents working professionals in B.C. and is Local 378 of the Canadian Office and Professional Employees Union, said the idea came up as the union was looking to get involved with blood drives this spring. “One of our members said, ‘I really like this idea, but you do know that I can’t donate blood?” Toth said. “He explained that because he is a gay man, he can’t donate blood, even though he’s been in a monogamous relationship for 10 years. “We were stunned. This isn’t acceptable, it’s not the 1950s anymore.” Canadian Blood Services currently requires men and transgender women to abstain from sex with men for one year before they can donate blood. That was dropped from five years, after the agency petitioned Health Canada in 2016. It will take another two years of gathering evidence should the agency want to for another change. The policy has long drawn fire from LGBTQ groups who argue it should target all people based on their actual sexual behaviour, rather than on certain groups’ sexual preferences. “It’s not based in science, it’s based in fear,” Toth said, adding unprotected, promiscuous sex is the risk factor. “If two men walked into Canadian Blood Services right now and wanted to donate blood, the straight man who has unprotected sex would be able to donate blood, but the gay man in a monogamous relationship would not.” A parliamentary petition needs 500 signatures to trigger a response by the government in the House of Commons. MoveUp’s petition had reached more than 3,600 names by Monday afternoon. It is set to close in July. Canadian Blood Services said in a statement to Black Press Media that it is focused on moving away from a time-based policy and towards an “alternative screening approach,” which could change the rules for gay men. “As part of our research program, we are working to gather the scientific evidence required to determine whether it is possible to reliably identify low-risk, sexually active men who have sex with men.”
Practice report, 4/5 Here's what we learned today: - QB Neil Caudle (right) said Cam Newton and Barrett Trotter took more than their fair share of snaps today. I still stand by my assertion that Clint Moseley will be the No. 2 quarterback. - Chizik said no decisions have been made at quarterback. Offensive coordinator Gus Malzahn said last week that he's hoping to create a hierarchy soon. - Gene Chizik offered so additional insight into WR Philip Pierre-Louis' injury. We know he was carted off the field during the Saturday scrimmage. We know, based on PPL's tweets, that the knee still is swollen and he'll be getting scans today. - Chizik offered plenty of praise for walk-on S Ikeem Means, who played mostly on special teams last season as a true freshman. Assistant coach Tommy Thigpen had good things to say about Means last week as well. Sounds like Auburn has its next Adlai Trone. - OL Bart Eddins is expected to miss the rest of spring drills with a knee injury, though he'll likely return in time for two-a-days. This is true despite Chizik's assertion Friday that everything is fine with Eddins. - P Ryan Shoemaker has been kicking quite well lately. Assistant coach Jay Boulware (left) postulated that the arrival of signee Steven Clark this summer, a highly regarded prep punter, may be behind Shoemaker's surprising and dramatic improvement. - Assistant coach Jeff Grimes didn't offer much into the competition at right tackle, where newcomers Roszell Gayden and Brandon Mosley are competing. The loser of that battle will serve in a reserve role there and behind Lee Ziemba. - Grimes said walk-on G Jorell Bostrom, who is popular with some HOTTIES, will miss the rest of spring ball because of an arm/shoulder injury. - Grimes (right) said he's been impressed with the play sophomore John Sullen has been exhibiting at left guard. - Grimes on the chasm between Lee Ziemba now and where he could be: ``The difference between being a very good offensive lineman and being a great one, a lot of times, is ... the small technical details. He's a lot further along this year than he was at this point year. One thing that'll certainly will help him and all the guys who are coming back is being in the same offense for another year. He'll be in a position where he has more consistency around him." - QB Cam Newton (left) was willing to delve into a discussion about his weaknesses today. He said he doesn't properly sell fakes right now. He also claims to struggle with patience in the pocket. He's supposed to be considering all receivers. Instead, he tends to look at one and either pass or run. That's all he needed at Blinn College. Malzahn is re-working that approach. - Newton said he challenged the defense at times with his feet during the Saturday scrimmage. Quarterbacks were off-limits to tacklers, which meant even the scrape of a finger on a jersey constituted a take-down. Newton said he's been jawing with some of his defensive teammates about how they wouldn't have gotten him to the ground. - Newton said he's been struggling to throw the ball well without gripping the laces. ``That's a big thing Coach Malzahn has installed into all the quarterbacks. As soon as you catch the ball, throw. That was kind of new to me because all my life I've been taught to feel for the laces, that's where you get the spiral from. Of course it's going to be awkward, but I think I'm getting comfortable throwing without the laces. The receivers complain from time to time how the ball comes out. That's not my job. My job is to get the ball to them."
Choral Evensong will be offered by the Choir of Men and Boys on Sunday 20 October at 4:00 p.m. featuring Britten’s moving REJOICE IN THE LAMB. The Evening Canticles will be those set by Harold Friedell in F Major The Prayers are set by William Byrd. Bring your family and friends to this moving musical service. CLICK HERE FOR THE FLYER OF THIS EVENT: REJOICE IN THE LAMB POSTER
Ios is an island for all ages, perfect for lazing on one of the many long, sandy beaches and for evenings as lively or relaxed as you wish. Holidays in Ios, in the resort of Mylopotas are perfect for those seeking a lively beach scene and fun-filled nights, with an array of bars and clubs open until the early hours. Ios holidays in other resorts are considerably more sedate where holidaymakers can kick back and relax on the golden sandy beaches. Ios holidays appeal to those looking for good nightlife in high season, golden sandy beaches and plenty of water sports. This island is also perfect for those wanting relaxing, laid back holidays with stunning scenery and beaches, turquoise waters and friendly locals. Ios has a charm and character all of its own and there is something for everyone on this magnificent island. Local produce such as cheese and honey make wonderful gifts or mementoes of your Ios holidays. The best beaches in Ios Manganari: Four of the most beautiful beaches that the Aegean has to offer are situated in this area in the south of the island. With white sand, beautiful blue water and peaceful natural surroundings, these stunning beaches should be visited. There are also many tavernas that offer local cuisine, in particular, fresh fish. Koumbara: 15 minutes' walk from the port of Ios, Koumbara is a relatively quiet beach, mainly sand with a sprinkling of pebbles, plus it has several excellent tavernas. Part of this beach is frequented by naturists. Mylopotas: This popular beach of fine golden sand is located 2 kms south of Ios Town and is the longest beach in Ios at 1 km in length. The bay offers cafes, bars and restaurants. Mylopotas beach offers plenty of entertainment, water sports and beautiful walks around the coastal area. Psathi: This beach is characterised by peace and tranquillity since it is still untouched by mass tourism. It is popular among windsurfers because of the high waves on windy days. Things To Do Book a holiday to Ios with Olympic holidays and visit the Mylopotas Watersports Centre which offers equipment, facilities and excellent tuition whether you are a beginner or advanced. Things To See Ios Town: Also known as the village, Ios Town is a dazzling mix of white houses and blue domed churches. There are ruins of the Venetian fortress, built in 1400 by Marco Crispi, remains of ancient walls and 12 windmills above the town. Ios town is the liveliest part of the island with several decent bars and a few excellent clubs for all tastes in music. Gialos: The port of Gialos, or Ios Port, has a busy harbour, with yachts and fishing boats, good seafood and tavernas. It is much quieter than Ios Town. On the left of the port near the entrance, is the beautiful 17th century church of St. Irene. It is structured in a peculiar way with two altars, one older than the other and it is assumed that they were used by the Orthodox and Catholics respectively. Gialos and the area around the port is the perfect starting point for many beautiful walks around the island. Medieval Castle Ruins: The remains of the ancient town built where today's capital is situated. The ruins of the medieval castle built in 1937 are worth visiting. You can also find the Archaeological Museum on the ground floor of the Town Hall, as well the museum of Modern Art "Zean Mari Ntro" and the museum of Traditional Art. Homer's Grave: Do not forget to visit Homer's grave, who was the most famous poet of the ancient world, at Plakoto on the northern part of Amorgos. According to tradition, Homer, during his trip to Athens from Samos Island, descended on Ios where the locals posed him an enigma according to their local customs. When the poet proved unable to solve it, he was killed and buried on the island. Bus: There is a frequent bus service between the port Yialos and Mylopotas via Hora. There is also a bus service between Yialos and Ag. Theodoti. Car: An excellent way of getting around during Ios holidays, car hire gives you complete flexibility as well as the ability to see more of the island. The best time to go to Ios |Max Temp C||Apr||May||Jun||Jul||Aug||Sep||Oct|
Please choose a location: Abbotsford Paint and Decorating - South Fraser Way Abbotsford Commercial Paints - Sumas Way Phone: 604-850-6750 Fax: 604-850-6752110-33258 South Fraser Way Abbotsford BC V2S 2B3 Canada Mon-Fri: 7:00am-5:30pm; Saturday: 8:30am-5:00pm; Closed Sun and Holidays. Phone: 604-854-6746#102-667 Sumas Way Abbotsford, B.C. V2S 7P4 Mon-Fri 7:00am-5:00pm Closed Sat, Sun and Holidays.
|Home||» Products||» Disposable Surgical Wear||» Disposable Surgeon Gowns| Disposable Surgeon Gowns We are well-reckoned name in this domain, engaged in providing high quality Disposable Surgeon Gowns that are highly praised for their excellent fluid resistant and breathability features. These gowns are stitched by our adroit craftsmen who make usage of the best quality fabrics which is procure from the trusted vendors of the market. The offered range of gowns is extensively used in hospitals and clinics in operation theaters during surgery. We also offer customization on these Disposable Surgeon Gowns in terms of color, design and fabric as per the requirements of clients. - Contact Details - OM SAI ENTERPRISES - C - 16b Basement, Yadav Market Road, Swaroop Nagar, Delhi - 110042, India - Mr. Vikas Kumar (Proprietor) OM SAI ENTERPRISES All Rights Reserved.
doesn’t mean it’s not bad or that the landscape of student loan debt in 2014 is any less devastating to borrowers. “You can slice and dice the numbers in different ways,” says Martindale, “but there does seem to be some agreement on. Default becomes imminent. A default occurs when a customer repeatedly fails to make payments to the lender as per the schedule outlined by the lender at the time of giving the loan. Does a default mean that you need to give up. 2011 mercedes-benz sprinter vin : wdppf4cc3b5571295 2009 chevrolet. A callable loan gives the bank the right to demand immediate payment in full. This may not seem fair and, while there are questions on the ethics of call provisions, they’re perfectly legal. This doesn’t mean you have to live with the constant threat of the bank demanding full payment of your loan. The numerous interest rate increases of the past few years (with three more predicted for 2018) mean that debt is getting. rates can be so helpful: If you. A loan is a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest. Foresters International Bank – Scam Email. See below for scam email: Dear Valued Customer. You are welcome to the foreign remittance / online Banking support of. “It means if you are an 18-year-old who steals an iPhone today. It is. Refinancing a car means a new loan is used to pay off an existing one, with the vehicle as collateral. The refinanced loan is a new contract between lender and borrower with agreed upon terms like interest rate, monthly payment amount and loan duration. Most codes on pay stubs are intuitive, but you may want to ask your employer about ones you’re unfamiliar with. "When you factor those together, you have a market that has to. where economic momentum continues chugging along and new construction is happening in the. Consumer Protections Laws You Should Know Before Taking an Auto Loan. Is it time for an auto loan? Many buyers walk into dealerships with only a vague idea of how. However, when you do business at the micro credit level your main concern should be on the issue of collateral. he could not pay back his loan until after 3 months. That is what we mean by default. Handling issue like these require. But does the county. about whether getting a loan for what would amount to seed money is required to keep the list of road construction projects on schedule for the next several years. Borrowing money by issuing bonds would mean. For example, a mortgage lender often provides the borrower with a loan amortization schedule. This schedule lists each loan payment during the life of the loan, the amount of each payment that is for interest, the amount of each payment that is for principal, and the principal balance after each loan payment. Stock Exchange Hotel Former Manchester United footballers Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs today announced that they have entered into a. New Delhi: Tata Group hospitality arm Indian Hotels Company, which runs a chain of luxury hotels and resorts under the Taj brand, has delisted its Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) from London Stock Exchange, two decades after it. At The process of getting a loan involves several steps before you can be approved. One of the most important parts of the lending process is underwriting. It is during. For small business startups, knowing how loans work and getting them. For existing businesses, that may mean financial statements. Some of the hard questions a lender may ask include: *How many customers do you need?. Read on to learn 11 things you shouldn’t do with your 401k plan so you don’t jeopardize your. Just because you should limit your investments in company stock doesn’t mean you should ignore equities altogether in your 401k. Indicators For Forex Trading Forexobroker Provides Forex Trading Education & Training Courses. Also Forex Trading Indicators and Strategies This via the Wall Street Journal on proposals by NASDAQ to launch an options-data service called the "Intellicator Analytic Tool" indicator wouldn’t reveal the identities of investors But could reveal the "customer type" of buyers or. CMS Forex provides forex software What does. mean for me? Refinancing in this manner will probably hurt your credit, and qualifying won’t be easy. The lender or investor who owns your existing mortgage must voluntarily reduce the amount owed on that loan by at least. LF: For our readers who may not be familiar with the topic, how do. that you think EVERYONE needs to try, what are they and why? AB: I’m a huge advocate for. Our Credit.com experts are here to tell you everything you need to know about your all important credit scores. Payday loans are generally covered by state laws addressing debt resulting from written contracts. In California, the statute of limitations is four years. This doesn’t mean the debt goes away — nor does it mean you can forget about. Remember: Lenders don’t want you to default. It’s worth talking to them about your situation. Check your lender’s rules to see if you might be able to make extra payments toward your principal. This will mean you’re paying down your. How do I find out if I qualify and how do I apply to have my loan forgiven, canceled, or discharged? After reviewing the conditions, if you think you qualify, contact. Got a Tax levy on your paycheck? Find out what an IRS Tax Levy is and how to get rid of it. Get help from professional Tax lawyers with tax relief. This is not an exaggeration: Arsenal must do whatever it takes to ensure Mesut. Annual percentage rate (APR) helps you understand the cost of a loan. See what different APRs mean when you borrow money. Hyundai Motor Finance Company Login NOT REGISTERED? Sign up for a 30 day trial. NOT REGISTERED? Sign up for a 30 day trial. Contact Us 800-772-9898 Honda Motor Co., Ltd., Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Hyundai Motor Company, Nissan Motor. Hyundai Motor Net Worth is $43.6 B. Hyundai Motor Net Worth is $43.6 B. The Hyundai Motor Company is This is a guide to student loan consolidation and how it may be of help to you. It will provide you with all the information you need to get your consolidation started. Under new regulation, lend-to-save, also known as peer-to-peer lending, is classified as loan-based crowdfunding. A: Whenever you buy or sell a stock, bond, ETF or mutual fund, there are two important dates you should always be aware of—the transaction date and the settlement date. Although the most common loan term is 20 years, you can extend that term up to 30 years. A longer term would mean a smaller monthly repayment, and this would allow. What does it mean when advertisers say. When an advertisement says "financing available," it means that the seller is going to give you a loan on an item that you. You can. anticipation loan is one thing, but who has control over the account is key. If the preparer is taking in too many clients at tax time, chances are good. Bank Of Japan Policy New projections by the Cabinet Office will be presented to the government’s top economic policy council later this month. tax revenue grows and the Bank of. The Bank of Japan is changing tack as it tries to get the economy growing again. For the last three years it has been printing massive amounts of money The Senate bill outlines that you can continue to deduct. The House bill repeals student loan interest, deduction of classroom expenses for teachers, and. Essentially, to default on loan means that a payment was missed. How quickly an account is considered in default depends on the type of loan. With a federal student. What Does PayPal’s Loan Sale Mean for Square? By Naomi Gray | Dec 6, 2017 8:38 am EST. You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. And perhaps more importantly — what are the odds you’ll. and that mean. The news of Target acquiring Birmingham-based online delivery platform Shipt for $550 million is expected to mean a transformation for both companies. with each other again if ratings are good. "If you look at the big picture, this. An arrangement in which a lender gives money or property to a borrower, and the borrower agrees to return the property or repay the money, usually along with interest, at some future point(s) in time. James Bond Events Blofeld, it seems, has been in the shadows the entire time, orchestrating the events of the previous three Bond films. This is a unique plot thread for the James Bond movies. The first 20 James Bond films were all tied together with a very. LONDON — The team behind the 24th James Bond film will
You Are Here: Home»Sports»Canadians to watch at next Olympics revealed themselves at Commonwealth Games Canadians to watch at next Olympics revealed themselves at Commonwealth Games After strong performances at the 2018 Commonwealth Games from Canadian athletes touted as the next generation of great athletes, the whole country should now know who to watch for as the 2020 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo draw ever closer. Welcome to chrome-news.net , We Will Focus To Give You All Breaking international News Updates on Real Time 24/7 in Various Fields . This website offer you all that has a direct relation with Breaking World News ,knowledge and entertainment in various fields like Business - Politics - Money & Finance - World - Entertainment - Travel - Sports - Movie Reviews - Music - Tech News... Don't forget to add our website to your favourites in order to enjoy a journey of learning, entertainment and loving on Real Time 24/7. seize the opportunity because The Best Things in Life Are Made Free ! !
So I reached 100 Purpldragon writing prompts. Part way through posting them daily I changed the name of my blog to Dragonition. I thought 100 was a good point to stop the Purpldragon prompts and switch to Dragonition Prompts. I will start from 1 again and I will try not to repeat anything. Also I am going to try to make my Purpldragon Writing Prompts Page more user friendly at the moment it is a list and it is not particularly helpful in my opinion. I have changed the title of my blog from ‘purpldragon’ to ‘Dragoniton’. I know it could be a bad idea because it might be confusing for people and make it harder to find. However I have been wanting to change it for a while. I’m sorry if you don’t like it. I haven’t been posting much on my blog anymore, except writing prompts. Why? Well I wanted to improve the quality of the content on here. I’ve been trying to put images with my posts. I’ve been trying to write some short stories. Mind you I have about thirty short stories from april that are unedited because I was trying to write one a day for the month. It went better than expected but there is a lot of editing to do. So I’ve just been posting writing prompts everyday because they are quick and I can make a lot of them in advance and post them one at a time. Also they are fun. Hopefully they are useful and not just pretty. Anyway hopefully I will start doing some regular posting again.
The site is loading, please wait... About CSC | PSSap Privacy Notice | PSSap ABN: 65 127 917 725 RSE: R1004601 CSC ABN: 48 882 817 243 AFSL: 238069 RSEL: L0001397 CSC is the Trustee of the Public Sector Superannuation accumulation plan (PSSap) Your Government Super at Work
Епизод 107, с бг суб Епизод 107, с бг суб Българският форум за сериали Sandy VonTrap Hahn_KFES написа:109 EPISODE SUMMARY PART I (My friends, my Turkish is not the best, and my summaries are not to be trusted. Please forgive any mistakes and misunderstandings, and feel free to make any corrections or additions!)Orhan warns Mahir not to walk into the court like that, but Mahir says there is nothing more important than Feride. He finds Feride when she gets in her car. She says they can’t talk like that, her dad is also there and is coming out shortly, and they agree to meet at the Caybahce. Adnan and MS in the car: MS asks Adnan if he thinks that Feride is lying. Adnan says that it is hard to say if Feride knows that MS has done it (killed Kerime) and that there is evidence to prove it. It was a very difficult decision she made. MS insists: but you are not sure, are you? Adnan: It is hard to say. Then they say that it is certain that Mahir was at the bank and he got the evidence. MS asks Adnan to do what he has to do to get Mahir Kara! MS: “Don’t go back to court without him”. Adnan says he will do whatever possible. Suna is in sharing the taxi with Yasin, and she asks Yasin to go someplace they can have some tea and something to eat. Osman is in front of Songul’s window and knocks on the door. She asks him in, but he does not go. She says that they can be together now, but Osman says that now is not the time, as he has to help Mahir. He says he is looking for Orhan. Songul says she does not know where he is. (I am not sure if Osman also told her that he needs time to be able to make a life for the two of them when it is all over) Orhan drops Mahir at the CayBahce and says he cannot wait. Brothers ask each other to be careful. Feride-Mahir: Feride asks Mahir why he didn’t go back to jail. Mahir says that Suna and Yasin told him about the report against her, and he could not accept it and do nothing. He asks why her dad was at the court. Feride says that MS has gone crazy. He tried every way to find the knife. They are looking for Mahir like crazy. Adnan told MS that she helped him escape, and this is why he came. Feride explained in the mini hearing that she wanted to see Mahir to ask him why he shot MS. She accepted the charge that Mahir escaped because of her, but it was not willful, and she resigned. Mahir is not happy. Feride explains that she did not want to miss the opportunity to get her dad’s fingerprints. Mahir is really upset - Why Feride? Why? Feride says something like “I don’t need my work, not like that”. Mahir insists that justice needs people like Feride. Feride says that it was her choice, she came herself to him and asked for help. “If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have made it.” Orhan gets to Dalyan. Dalyan says he was waiting for him. Osman tells Orhan that in the morning they got the news that Zehra was abducted. Osman goes crazy! Who took her? Why? Where to? He understands it is Seyis and Turgut, this is their way of thinking. Orhan to Dalyan: Don’t stop me, I am going there right now myself! Yasin-Suna: Yasin says that the man (MS) is a Minister. He can buy people with money and power. Suna looks like she is really enjoying her kofte in Komiser’s company! Yasin asks to get going, but Suna says “What’s the hurry? I have not finished my tea yet!” Then she asks “What is going to happen with Mahir and Feride? Their love is so difficult!”. Yasin is in a pensive mood and says that they have found love, but they cannot live this love. It is difficult…. Suna mumbles something like “and all that while Feride is in such a condition”… Yasin jumps up – “What did you say about Feride’s condition? Don’t run! What is Feride’s condition! You said it for a reason!” and grabs her arm!!! Yasin says “You are a smart and sweet girl, but I know you are lying!” Mahir and Feride: (I don’t understand the first part of discussion…) Feride says something about how it is all about money (I think)…. “the bassavci is on it, I have to trust him. Maybe it’s all a mask. We got my dad’s fingerprint without him knowing. The bassavci is going himself to Ankara, I told him everything about Vedat…” (I don’t understand what Mahir said)… Feride is very afraid…. (And he doesn’t let go of her hand, ladies and gentlemen! ) “My dad cannot know about all this. He will run away, and we will not find out more. Everything has to be carefully done!” Yasin and Suna: Where are we dropping you off, Suna? Suna says she is going to court and will take the bus. Yasin asks once again about Feride, but Suna leaves. Mahir and Feride leaving the Cay Bahce: Mahir - I cannot leave you alone on this road, Feride… Feride - It is such a shame, isn’t it? I have to be by my dad, I don’t want to give him the chance to escape. Feride asks Mahir to go back to jail, but Mahir says it is not possible knowing she will be close to her dad and in such danger. Feride says there is bureaucracy and processes until MS gets arrested, Mahir says he will wait. They leave and Mahir tells her that Orhan has left, he will find his way home, asks Feride to leave and be careful. Feride stops the car, Mahir runs to the rescue! Mahir – “What has happened Feride? Why are you like that?” Feride collapses. Mahir asks her to breathe in… “Please, don’t do this Feride… I know it is hard for you… The most difficult part is ahead…” I did not understand what Feride responded, but Mahir answered “why is it so?... Feride, is there something else I need to know?” Feride - No… Mahir - Look in my eyes and tell me… So there is… Feride - No, where did this come from? Mahir - There is a secret, another pain, something that is your big pain… but it is also going to give me pain… tell me… Feride - what you see in my eyes is pain… don’t you see my state? Mahir: I see, Feride… There is something you are not telling me… maybe I don’t have the right to ask… if you want to stay silent, do so… I am going now… You go, too… Feride to her baby: “Please forgive me, my baby, that I did not tell your dad!” The Bassavci asks to see Kemal. I got your name from Feride. Listen, my boy, I have something very important for you. I want you to crosscheck these fingerprints. Nobody should know. I don’t trust the Director. Prepare the report and tell no one. Kemal says he will do it with the utmost care. The Bassavci says Feride has also told her of Yasin Komiser. He asks Kemal to get Yasin’s help. He gives his home address to Kemal and advises him not to come to court, but bring the report to his house at X hour. Back to Seyis and Orhan: Seyis - Yes, I did go to Turgut to make him think that I accepted his proposal. I took Zehra to save her from him. He wants to get rid of you and he was planning to use Zehra! Look, he wants to get to you. Ask your sister about how we are treating Zehra. (girls say yes, this is true). Orhan says that he does not trust Seyis. He tries to get Zehra. Dalyan says they should meet to talk to see what Turgut wants? (or does he have a meeting with Turgut at X hour?) Seyis and Dayan discussion (I don’t understand it because of the background noise) Seyis and Ilknur continue their coffee. All is fine in lalalandE Sandy VonTrap Hahn_KFES написа:109 EPISODE SUMMARY PART IIMahir at home, finds Yasin waiting for him. Yasin - I talked with Kemal, the Bassavci asked Kemal to crosscheck the fingerprints, which means that Feride has been right about him. She tried to throw dust in her father’s eyes (by resigning) and also get her dad’s fingerprints. (I think) Mahir - I am thinking that Feride is hiding something from me – Yasin - Where did this come from? Mahir – I know so, it is something big. Yasin - what Feride is hiding from you, I think that Suna knows… Orhan-Zehra in the car: Zehra - what happens now, Orhan? Where are we going to? Please be careful with this Turgut. Orhan says it will not be easy. Zehra says Orhan does not trust her, and this is why he doesn’t let her walk outside or let his family see her. She says it it cannot be like that any more… “if you don’t trust me it cannot be, we cannot do it…” Suna arrives at the Sadoglus right when Cihan is looking for Feride. Suna says it was her who he talked with when he called the court, and she gave him Feride’s address. Suna tells him that she can take the box and give it to her because Feride is in no good shape lately because of her mother’s death. Belgin scene: Aysel tells her that a man asks to talk with her on the phone. It’s the INFORMER!!!! He (Atif) tells Belgin that Mahir Kara has escaped and Feride is accused that she has helped him. And then Mahir was seen at a bank. The informer is the right arm of Selim. Selim and Adnan are trying to figure out if Feride knows. Adnan says they have to find Mahir and ask him themselves. Adnan asks the informer to get them Mahir Kara. Yasin and Mahir: they are discussing about MS, that he is a murderer. What can be worse than that and Feride is not telling them? Mahir will find out. He will ask Suna. Yasin says that Suna run away when he asked her. Mahir says she will not run away from him. Suna and Cihan – Cihan is telling her that it is a pity he found out about his real mother so late. (+ something else I did not understand! It was a very warm discussion!) Necdet on the phone trying to find a singer for his casino. Ayten walks in and gives him his dirty laundry in a bag, saying that since he has not found the baby, he cannot live with her. Ayten repeats herself – without the baby he stays away from her. Necdet asks her to wait, it’s a whole big city to look! Ayten says that he is still lying after all this time! “Is this your pain for your baby? You are looking for a solist already!” As she is walking out, Necdet tells her that Turgut got the baby! Ayten - Turgut? What kind of business does he have with it? Necdet - He holds the baby until I do something for him. Ayten - What will you do? Necdet - What he wants… Orhan visit’s Nazif at the shoestore Orhan - Seyis has not betrayed us! He has been trying to help us! Dad, let him come kiss your hand! Orhan disappears and re-appears with Zehra. He explains that Turgut was planning to kidnap Zehra to get to Orhan, but Seyis got her first, so as to protect her. Orhan asks for Nazif’s blessing. Zehra asks for forgiveness. Turgut aligns the painting wall. Mustafa tells him they cannot find Zehra to get at Orhan. Turgut is angry that they have been losing time with this girl. Belgin storms in and sends Mustafa out. She tells Turgut that Mahir has escaped! Turgut is surprised - I did not understand! How? Belgin tells him to go ask Feride! Turgut says it is interesting, Belgin is upset that this is not what they agreed upon, and she is angry that more time is wasted. After meeting Cihan, Suna is looking for Feride, and MS invites her to wait for Feride inside. Belgin is angry. Mahir is not to be found. Turgut asks her to be patient – “is this how you yell at MS?” Turgut tells her that he knows she has been working with MS, too, and that she has killed Mualla and Vedat. Belgin says she can’t be blamed, that this is her job. She demands that Turgut gives her Mahir. Turgut tells her not to worry, because MS will die soon. Belgin wonders what happens next. Turgut calls Mustafa. He asks that he gets Murat immediately. At the Sadoglus, MS and Suna The new maid serves coffee. MS says that he is very worried about Feride givin up her work. MS tries to find out if Feride really helped Mahir escape. Suna says this is not what happened. MS tells her that this is not what he was told! Feride arrives and saves Suna. She asks if MS is angry at her that she resigned, MS said “well, yes”, and Feride said that she is sorry, but now after her mom died, MS is the only one left for her. Turgut and Murat Turgut tells Murat that revenge feels great, it is now his turn to take revenge on Belgin. Murat leaves and Mustafa comes in. Turgut is mumbling something and then says that since they could not touch Orhan, they should try mess with Dalyan! Kemal goes to Bassavci residence and hands in the report. The Bassavci calls Feride to tell her that fingerprints match, CONFIRMED! He admits it is sad, indeed her father killed her mother. He is going to Ankara to proceed with this. When MS asks Feride who it was on the phone, she says it was people who called to wish their condolences. Feride says she will go out with Suna and won’t be late. Feride tells Suna that it is confirmed now that MS killed Kerime. In the meantime, Yasin tells Mahir that Kemal matched the fingerprints and the Bassavci is going to Ankara. They decide to go find Suna. Suna-Feride scene on the bench Suna told Feride about her brother. His name is Cihan. Feride says sth about Melih. Feride says she doesn’t understand… “How could my father keep from my mother that she had not lost her baby?” Suna says she is very afraid about what will happen next in Feride’s life. Murat storms in Belgin’s office. Belgin sends Aysel out and acts so happy to see Murat (she notices he has a bottle of some kind of oxide in his hands), and starts hugging him, saying that she realized her feelings after he was gone, and would he ever forgive her blah blah blah bliah bliah bliah Back to Feride and Suna - Feride opens the box and sees letter from her mother. She also sees a letter by Melih! As Kerime explains, this is the original letter which MS had taken from Feride. Kerime found it in MS’s papers. In Melih’s letter, he explains it was him who gave the fotos of her and Mahir to the head Judge, because Turgut blackmailed him. In her own letter, Kerime tells Feride that “for you to be reading this letter, it means something has happened to me”. That scene went pretty fast, so I could not understand much, but I got the last piece of advice that Kerime told her daughter: NEVER EVER give up on your love with Mahir and don’t give up on your baby! Suna and Feride go to Suna’s. Suna says that she cannot leave Feride alone that night, and MS come knocking on the door looking for Feride, Suna will send him away. Suna says she is going to the kitchen to prepare something for Feride and the baby. Feride doesn’t want anything. Suna - I know, you are going through a big pain, and you believe it won’t go away ever. But it will. Believe me, it will pass Feride - IYI KI VASIN SUNA! (NO FEIRDE) I am happy you are here by my side! Suna - This is what friends are for! Sandy VonTrap Hahn_KFES написа:109EPISODE SUMMARY PART IIIThere is a knock on the door, Suna is making bir-iki lokma (like fried donuts), Feride gets it, and it’s Mahir and Yasin. Mahir says he was worried about Feride and this is why he came. Feride asks them inside and tells Mahir off for not protecting himself from getting caught (what if somebody sees you??), but Mahir repeats he was worried about her. They all sit down, and they discuss the latest developments – that evening the bassavci would go to Ankara. Mahir asks how long all the process would take, and Feride said she doesn’t know, but the Bassavci is on top of it. Mahir says that there is also a witness, Seyis. Seyis and Ilknur Seyis gets Ilknur a TV as a gift, and Ilknur is happy with this. Seyis says he was waiting for it for days, and that Ilknur is the most beautiful/precious thing in his life. They cannot put it to work right away, but tomorrow they are getting an antenna and they will watch TV. Seyis says that to see Ilknur so happy is his own happiness! (I don’t understand what Ilknur is saying… they had a TV and Nazif broke the screen, and she got very angry with him???) Seyis has to go and Ilknur asks him where to. She says that Seyis is trying to help Mahir, Orhan, her dad, but they are not seeing it. Seyis says it is enough for him that she sees it! Orhan is going to see Dalyan, who was supposed to meet with Turgut. He leaves Zehra as an emanet to Nazif (when you leave something precious to someone for safekeeping, to have it under their watch and protection). Feride shows Mahir the contents of the box. She explains about the letter Melih had left her, the one she had noticed the difference in the typerwriter. She explains that MS had changed it, and Feride could not understand anything related with Melih’s death. Mahir asks her not to be so harsh on herself, as nobody could have imagined that their dad would be like that. Feride still does not believe she was so naïve and so nothing, and Mahir tells her that it was all because she loved him so much (melek gibi!) Suna and Yasin are in the kitchen (DUH!) and she is trying to overhear the Mahir-Feride discussion. Yasin is telling her that the two of them share a love that’s tormented. Suna starts talking about what will happen to the baby/kid and she starts saying “cocu..(k)”, and when she realizes what she is about to utter, she says “uc” (3) (her “final” words were “what will happen to the three of them?”) Necdet calls MS but gets the phone slammed on his face Turgut’s men raid Dalyan’s casino. Dalyan gets a bullet for Orhan! Let the drama begin! Yasin and Mahir get up to leave Suna’s Mahir to Feride - if there’s anything you need let me know. You know my new address. Mahir to Suna - I will ask you and you tell me the truth. What is Feride hiding from me? Suna - I don’t know, nothing! Mahir - ok Suna! Goodnight! Suna to Feride - Feride! Mahir has understood something, don’t hide it from him! Feride - promise me you will not tell him! Suna - Tamam, promise! Now let’s go eat something, a couple of donuts! Murat and Belgin are having breakfast/lunch/brunch/dinner. She has prepared all these dishes for him, they all smell so good! Murat says he is not hungry. Belgin is saying how important he is to her. Murat is asking about Mahir, and Belgin denies any feelings for him. Mustafa enters Turgut’s office while Turgut is playing with his domino (forms the letter F – which actually stands for a number of words, not just Feride! ) Turgut explains to Mustafa the domino effect as a strategy: by touching and setting in motion just one of the dominos, they all fall down. Mustafa does not seem to think very fast, and Turgut is disappointed that Mustafa does not appreciate his genius evilness. He asks Mustafa what he wants, and Mustafa says that the men did as he ordered, and messed up Dalyan’s place. There was only one little thing that did not happen as planned, and that was that the men had to shoot Dalyan. Turgut is angry: “what do you mean that they were forced to shoot him? Didn’t I tell you not to touch anybody, but only to mess up the place??” Mustafa says that the need arose, but Turgut does not even want to listen and kicks him out. Necdet walks in Turgut’s office wondering why Turgut got so pissed off at Mustafa, and Turgut says that it was a small issue. Turgut asks: “Why are you here? Have you come perhaps to give me some good news?” Necdet says that unfortunately the news is bad. He has not been able to find MS alone neither at his home, nor at work. The situation is like that. Turgut says that if the situation is like that, then Turgut himself does not know what he will do with Necdet’s baby. Necdet gets pissed off and tries to choke Turgut, asking him where his daughter is. He says he will take Turgut’s last breath, and then Turgut stabs him with his walking stick (we all knew it would eventually be used by Turgut for more than walking support!! He actually twists the knife/dagger, I have to wonder how anybody would survive this strike! But Necdet drove himself to Ayten’s, and didn’t even go to a doctor! No internal bleeding, no stitches, no nothing!!! Damn Karadayi medical miracles!!!! ) Turgut puts the knife back in its place with Necdet’s blood still on it (maybe this will be evidence against Turgut at some point???). Turgut pats Necdet on his head, saying he is a stupid boy. Dalyan is taken to the hospital, and Orhan collapses. Ismet gives the news to Nazif. Dalyan was shot! Yasin and Mahir enter Mahir’s new place. Yasin is telling Mahir about his “chat” with Suna in the kitchen, and how she said that the situation between Mahir and Feride is a shame for the three of them. Mahir wonders what it means “for the three” of us, and who she is referring to, and Yasin says he did not understand, Suna did not say anything more. But Yasin understood that she is lying. Yasin is thinking out loud “One is you, another one is Feride, who is the third person?” (really good at math, Komiserim!!!) Yasin gets divine enlightment and says “Unless… Feride is still pregnant?”. Mahir gets excited! “When she came to see me in prison, she told me that there is a reason for her to continue living. She said that nobody knows about this reason, Yasin! It could be so! Don’t get me wrong, on the one hand side I am angry at her, I thought she gave up on the baby, but I knew that Feride is not such a woman!” Yasin says that they have to be certain, though. Nazif looking for Dalyan at the hospital. Orhan and the gang are waiting outside the operation room. Orhan says there is no news yet, and explains that he went to talk with Dalyan as he had told Nazif, but these men came. Dalyan was shot because of Orhan, in order to protect him. “If something happens to him…” Nazif tries to comfort Orhan that nothing bad is going to happen, and thanks God that Orhan is ok. He asks if he knows who did this, and Orhan says he will find out. Osman arrives and asks if the news is true. The doctor comes out and unfortunately has no good news. Shock and awe! Nazif goes inside the emergency room, and asks the nurse to let him say his goodbye to his dear friend. “Where are you going, eh?” Dalyan stayed faithful to his word to Nazif, that he would take care of Orhan as if he was his own son, he gave his soul for Orhan. Nazif’s pain is great. Necdet drives himself to Ayten’s and she takes him inside. FATIHA for Dalyan. (Hello Bulent! We haven’t seen you in a long time!) And ten days go by… Feride having breakfast with her monster father, Ayten taking care of Necdet’s wound, Sueda bodning with her baby girl, Feride crying her eyes out for Melih, Mahir dreaming of his sevda, Murat enjoying being taken care of by Belgin (but not really buying it)… So, ten days later… Sandy VonTrap Hahn_KFES написа:109 EPISODE SUMMARY PART IVSuna and Mahir: Suna - What are you doing here? Mahir - I want to talk with you! Suna - How can you show up in broad daylight in the street, the police will see you! Mahir – let’s go! The Bassavci calls Feride to tell her that they did it and the game is over, and that the decision to have her father indicted has been made. Feride is surprised that it has happened so fast. He explains that the government wants the issue to be closed as soon as possible (I think??). He will stay to follow up on everything until the warrant is issued. He tells her not to mention anything to MS, so as not to make the process any more difficult (??). He asks where her father is, and she says she doesn’t know, he left home and feride does not know where he has gone to. The bassavci asks her to be careful herself. Feride leaves, and tells the maid (Gul Hanim) she is going out. Selim finds MS waiting for him in his office. MS asks if they have found Mahir Kara after all these days. He gets his sarcasm mask on, asking if they have been lazy at the department, and Selim says that they are working like crazy, but Mahir Kara is difficult to get. MS says that a kabadayi should not be able to slip through the fingers of the Head of Security, and asks Selim to give him his resignation because he is useless. Belgin calls The Informer, Atif. Murat walks in the parlor. Belgin tells him to listen to her well – she wants Murat out of her home. Atif is surprised, he thought Murat was in jail. Belgin says she doesn’t know how he got out, but he is out. She is very frustrated, Atif suggests putting him back in jail, and Belgin asks Atif to do whatever it takes, but she wants to get rid of Murat, even if it means killing him. Do whatever! (poor Murat!) Seyis and Ilknur are planting something, and Ilknur is watering them. Then they have this big tree they want to plant, and Ilknur says that it is for her Nazif. She is saying the tree will blossom in springtime (I think), but I totally don’t understand the connection she makes with Mahir as Karadayi. Arif tells Seyis that Orhan has come to see him. Seyis tells Iknur he will be back shortly. Orhan is feeding Karakiz (but I thought that Karakiz was white!). Seyis gives his condolences for Dalyan. He says he has heard that this was Turgut’s job, and that he really is a dishonorable man. Orhan says he is here on behalf of Mahir to take down Turgut. Seyis says he is ready and he will do whatever he is told. Nazif is at Dalyan’s grave. Basically he misses his friend. He throws tea leaves and soil from the Black Sea (where they come from?) – I am sorry! I cannot understand if he is citing poetry again or if he is simply talking to his friend! Feride is looking for Suna, but Suna is not home, as she is meeting Mahir at the Cay Bahce! MS is asking the maid where Feride is, but she does not know. Selim calls. MS says that if he is calling to ask for pity he should not waste his breath. He brought this on himself (MS’s anger and demand for his resignation). Selim asks MS for a few minutes to listen to the reason why he is calling him. Selim says there is an arrest warrant against him, and he is calling for this reason. MS is amused, and says that it cannot be, because he is a Minister. Selim says that all procedures have been carried to the end, and there is all evidence against him, even his fingerprints. They know that MS has killed his wife. MS is in shock: “ It can’t be, it’s impossible!” Selim - “It happened”. They hang up the phone. Selim had just typed his resignation letter, but throws it in the dustbin and calls for an officer to go arrest MS at his home. Necdet is playing darts but with a knife. Turgut tells him that it’s dangerous to play with such games, as it may be dangerous for mothers and children (???). He teases Necdet, saying “oh, did I say ‘mother’? Forgive me!”. Necdet says something about Turgut’s dark soul (I think), and Turgut continues saying that he came because he was worried about Necdet’s health. Turgut looks in Necdet’s eyes and gives his diagnosis – Necdet’s health is in perfect form! Necdet goes to attack him, Turgut asks him to stay there (Necdet really is Turgut’s bitch in this episode!!!), and Necdet asks him to say what he wants. Turgut says that he came to prevent more blood from spilling, so that MS’s blood does not stain Necdet’s hands. Necdet asks how come, and Turgut says that everything has an end, and so has finished MS. An arrest warrant has been issued for MS, he is getting caught. So, Turgut has no need for Necdet any more. Necdet asks him where is his daughter, and Turgut protests for being treated so brutally (spare us, Turgut!). Turgut tells Necdet that the baby is where it should be, with her mother! превод от руски написа: финална сцена Тургут: Ако сега не ме убиеш, все едно ще стигна до теб и в затвора ... имам много хора на свобода ... кой ще защити семейството ти, сестра ти, а? Кой ще защити красивата ти жена? Твоят старец или лудият ти брат? Или съседката ти Айтен? Знаеш, че аз я направих жена. Махир: Ти човек ли си? Тургут: Не, не съм човек и затова ме убий, за да свърши всичко това. Потребители разглеждащи този форум: 0 регистрирани и 1 госта
On thirteen January 1493, Columbus designed his previous prevent of the voyage in The brand new Entire world, inside the Bay of Rincón with the eastern close with the Samaná Peninsula in northeast Hispaniola.[fifty seven] There he encountered the warlike Cigüayos, the only natives who provided violent resistance throughout his 1st voyage to your Americas. The Cigüayos refused to trade the quantity of bows and arrows that Columbus preferred; in the following clash just one Ciguayo was stabbed within the buttocks and Yet another wounded with an arrow in his chest. The General Assembly is among the six primary organs from the United Nations, the one one where all Member States have equal representation: a person nation, one vote. All 193 Member States with the United Nations are represented In this particular exceptional Discussion board to debate and operate jointly over a big range of Global problems protected from the UN Charter, for example enhancement, peace and security, international legislation, etcetera. Bobadilla claimed to Spain that Columbus consistently made use of torture and mutilation to govern Hispaniola. The 48-web site report, present in 2006 inside the national archive from the Spanish metropolis of Simancas, incorporates testimonies from 23 persons, such as equally enemies and supporters of Columbus, about the therapy of colonial topics by Columbus and his brothers during his seven-calendar year rule. To the end of his everyday living, he made a Reserve of Prophecies in which his occupation being an explorer is interpreted in The sunshine of Christian eschatology and of apocalypticism. From its discovery in 1875 right up until the period of semiconductors, the principal makes use of of gallium were large-temperature thermometrics and metallic alloys with abnormal Attributes of steadiness or simplicity of melting (some these kinds of remaining liquid at space temperature). Following the passing of much time, the savants of Spain, like their counterparts in Portugal, replied that Columbus experienced grossly underestimated the gap to Asia. They pronounced the idea impractical and recommended their Royal Highnesses to go within the proposed venture. Gallium arsenide is used in a number of optoelectronic infrared products. Aluminium gallium arsenide (AlGaAs) is Employed in substantial-power infrared laser diodes. The semiconductors gallium nitride and indium gallium nitride are used in blue and violet optoelectronic gadgets, mostly laser diodes and light-weight-emitting diodes. This phenomenon recurs with mercury with its "pseudo-noble-gasoline" [Xe]4f145d106s2 electron configuration, that's liquid at place temperature. The 3d10 electrons don't protect the outer electrons pretty effectively through the nucleus and for this reason the initial ionisation Power of gallium is larger than that of aluminium. The native Taíno men and women from the island were systematically enslaved through the encomienda method implemented by Columbus, which resembled a feudal process in Medieval Europe. Sickness performed a major position within the destruction from the natives. Oblique evidence suggests that some serious sickness could possibly have arrived Using the 1500 colonists who accompanied Columbus's next expedition in 1493. By the end of 1494, sickness and famine experienced claimed two-thirds with the Spanish settlers. "It appears most likely that [Columbus] obtained reactive arthritis from food items poisoning on one among his ocean voyages because of inadequate sanitation and inappropriate food stuff planning," writes Dr. Frank C. Arnett, a rheumatologist and professor of inner drugs, pathology and laboratory medication the University of Texas Healthcare College at Houston.[ninety two] After getting becalmed for a number of days while in the doldrums with the mid-Atlantic, Columbus's fleet regained its wind and, dangerously small on h2o, turned north during the course of Dominica, which Columbus experienced frequented in his former voyage. The ships arrived at King John's hypothesized continent, which can be South this content The usa, once they sighted the land of Trinidad on 31 July approaching from your southeast. The fleet sailed together the southern Coastline and entered Dragon's Mouth, anchoring near Soldado check my blog Rock where by they manufactured contact with a gaggle of indigenous Amerindians in canoes. I think that persons from the mainland come below to choose them as slaves. They must make fantastic and skilled servants, for they repeat in a short time whatever we say to them. I do think they might incredibly conveniently be made Christians, for they seem to have no religion. If it pleases our Lord, I will choose six of these to Your Highnesses Once i depart, if you want which they may possibly discover our language."[fifty three] Columbus famous that their primitive weapons and armed forces strategies produced them susceptible to uncomplicated conquest, composing, "… these folks are very simple in war-like issues … I could conquer The entire of these with 50 men, and govern them as I happy."[fifty four] It had been early Oct 1492, and thirty-3 times considering the fact that he and his crew had remaining the Canary Islands, off the Atlantic coast of Africa. Now they observed branches and sticks floating within the drinking water. They noticed flocks of Check This Out birds. ... The two main early biographies of Columbus have been taken as literal fact by numerous writers, largely given that they had been published by men and women intently connected to Columbus or his writings. ... The two biographies have major shortcomings as proof."
Nov 8, 2016 Tonight is part 2 of my conversation with The Foldings author / illustrator Faye Simms about the new Flintstones comic, Hot Blood!, and bubble houses. Music for the show provided Twin Engines Of Destruction: Gentle Arts Of Conversation Punctuated With Bloody Power Tools Having trouble logging in?
Duke & Jill, a collection of short stories by Ron Kolm Reviewed by George Spencer “You probably knew Duke and Jill at some point. They might have lived down the hall from you back in the day. Maybe you didn’t like them, or maybe you did. Maybe they scored for you, or you for them. Poet and literary impresario Ron Kolm represents this classic East Village trouble couple with the deadpan élan of a bohemian raconteur looking back from the other side of nowheresville.” —Carl Watson, author of Hotel of Irrevocable Acts and Backwards the Drowned Go Dreaming Ron Kolm’s book of interconnected short stories, Duke & Jill (Unknown Press, 2015), begins with the short declarative sentence: “Duke and Jill do drugs.” The events in these stories are centered around that fact; they’re filled with descriptions of the direct and collateral damage drugs do to them, as lovers and partners-in-crime, and to those around them. This all happens in that time, the ‘70s/’80s, when the variously designated Lower East Side, East Village, Alphabet City was a war zone — it was also a cradle of artistic freedom with the resultant creativity that came from it, but that’s another story. Throughout most of this short book the nasty is king and the nice is very hard to find. Duke, perhaps more than a little like people Ron knew from back in those days, sells books and other stuff on the street, and then peddles drugs when the under-covers and the blue on the beat are not looking. Jill occasionally finds slightly more conventional employment. And while all this is going on, their best friend steals all their stuff, the TV set, stereo and everything else. Enraged, Duke buys a .38. A crypto-punk friend shows up. Duke points the gun at the ceiling. Click. The crypto-punk points the gun at a boarded up window. Click. Points the gun at his temple. Pulls the trigger. “A bright flash of orange bounces around the nearly empty room.” Now the friend is a dead crypto-punk. All this in less than three pages. One can imagine Hemingway in heaven sitting in a bear skin covered chair under moose antlers thinking: I gotta find the unnecessary words. He’s still looking. Of course Duke & Jill can be read as a parody of economic and social life as lived under Late Capitalism in the early years of the 21st Century when Wall Street traders manufactured and dealt in synthetic securities with mezzanine tranche and unfunded long investors and swaps were everywhere — the regulators appearing and disappearing with no noticeable effect on Street life and mores. Perhaps this is what the story called ‘The Mergatroyds Leave Town’ is about. Everything is juiced up like a synthetic security. Jill wants some action. They go big time. Duke bullshits his way into a no down payment purchase of a mega-load of coke. Sells some and some goes up their noses and the rest is flushed. There was a stakeout on the corner. Or was there? If this was the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) they might end up in The Federal Correctional Complex, Mangum Township, North Carolina. Instead Duke and Jill leave town, return and become active as artists and fashion designers. Jill ditches Duke. And thus it goes. The last story in the book. ‘Notes to Myself,’ involves some apt quotes from Hugh Prather, an ascension and epiphany. Kolm’s locale is as gone as the pre-gentrifiers who lived in that world. Now the Lower East Side, East Village, Alphabet City is clearly high-end. So this is a story of expansion and contraction as Kolm sees it or contraction and expansion as the hedgies see it. In the end Duke & Jill is about the lives of two people at a point in history and also a stinging parody of events that have repeated themselves throughout American history. The pioneers create and then the spongers sponge. That these things repeat themselves is a tragedy. Kolm’s book tries to make sense of what went down. The book is barely over 100 pages. But each page has one or more gem-like understatements. The characters, in their way, are loveable. It’s a wonderful read written by a literary craftsman. One hopes for more books like this. And soon. Originally appeared in Urban Graffiti
I know it has been a long time since I made a post, but with the holidays, working full time, and being pregnant I have not had time or energy to write something worth while. That being said it is good to be back! I am now 25 weeks pregnant and very soon approaching my final trimester of pregnancy. I will say that I know why they call the second trimester the honeymoon trimester because, at least for me, that is exactly what it has been. The second trimester has been an exciting one for me and my husband. For me, I have actually enjoyed my new rounding belly and actually looking pregnant and not just overweight. At the end of November, I had my 20 week ultrasound and we found out that we are going to have a little boy! Brandon and I had already choose a name if baby was a boy or girl, so we had decided on Samuel (middle name to come after birth). It has been so wonderful being able to call our baby by name, and it makes him so much more real. The other exciting thing that happened is that I was finally able to feel baby. Brandon and I were sitting on the sofa watching a movie, Brandon’s knee was just slightly laying on my stomach and all of a sudden I felt Samuel push outward. It was the coolest feeling, and I wasn’t sure if it was real at first but then he did it one more time. Unfortunately, It took a little longer for Brandon to feel Samuel, the doctor told us that my placenta is on the front of my stomach which can make the movements mulled. But thankfully the day after Christmas, I was feeling Samuel move a lot and told Brandon to feel and he was finally able to feel the little kicks! Emotions have been a lot better in this trimester as well. I am so excited to meet Samuel and see his face and snuggle him. Mostly the only time I get emotional is just thinking about Samuel and who he will be and what he will look like. The only thing I have really had for symptoms has been a congested nose, which could also be part to the weather. I have also experienced some aches and pains, just from my changing body shape. I did have a little bit of heartburn early in the second trimester, but that only lasted about 2 weeks and I haven’t really experienced it since. Another fun thing that I have recently noticed is that Samuel responds to loud noises and tapping/touching my stomach. When we were at church and the pastor would get loud, I felt him jump and also at a movie theater the other day, I noticed him move when there was a loud sound. Last night, if Brandon would tap on my stomach Samuel would respond with a kick, it was so cool. Please leave me a comment with what was your favorite part about pregnancy in the second trimester. I am so excited to share this special time in my life with you.
The Geldof girls get front row seats at New York Fashion Week - so you'd think they'd look a bit more happy about it It's the hottest ticket in town. So you might think that Peaches and Pixie Geldof might look a little more cheerful about bagging a front row seat at a New York Fashion Week show. It seems the 'nonchalant' look is in this season. Give us a smile: Peaches (left) and Pixie Geldof prepare to watch the Lacoste Spring Summer 2010 Fashion Show at Bryant Park in New York The girls were joined by their friends Alice Dellal and Ruby Stewart at the LaCoste Spring Summer Collection 2010. The fashion-conscious foursome looked on as the show got underway. They were treated to models showing off basic whites and blues, with an eye-catching all-yellow finalé. Long faces: Peaches Geldof, Pixie Geldof, Alice Dellal and Ruby Stewart Strike a pose: Mischa Barton Other stars to drop in on the LaCoste event was OC star Mischa Barton. She happily posed for pictures before finding her seat next to High School Musical actor Corbin Bleu. The 23-year-old appeared happy and healthy after a emotionally turbulent year. In fact, it's turning out to be a busy week for the actress who's about to premiere her new series called The Beautiful Life in America. It follows a group of models who are trying to make it in the cutthroat world of fashion in New York City. It has Ashton Kutcher on board as executive producer - and he was on hand alongside wife Demi Moore at the red carpet unveiling this weekend. The fashion world is familiar territory for the London-born actress who's not only starring as a model on screen but has been busy designing her own handbags and accessories too. Fashion fans: Mischa Barton and her This Beautiful Life co-star Corbin Bleu Most watched News videos - Emergency services seen at the scene on Hythe beach, Kent - Beer delivery guys talk down suicidal man using pack of Coors - Thousands say goodbye to Big Lizzie as carrier leaves Portsmouth - Shanann Watts speaks on her husband and her health challenges - August: Met Office forecasts wind and heavy rain in places - Video emerges showing final moments of Brit who died in Ibiza - Racist man in Uganda attacks hotel staff and call them 'n*****s' - Woman hangs onto purse with $75K in it while thieves run her over - British Airways stewardess sniffs tights in bizarre striptease video - Brummy family stuck in Bristol make plea to Birmingham City Council - Shanann's daughter sings about her father, and calls him 'her hero' - Footage shows bystanders tackle man brandishing large knife
Formed in LA, Panama is a five piece band led by Sydney-based Australian Jarrah McCleary. The band, who describe their sound as "hopeful house," focus on haunting lo-fi vocals and funky synth sounds. Classically trained in piano, McCleary contributes many soulful piano sections throughout their music. Now, on the heals of the October 3rd release of Panama's second EP Always, Classixx have remixed its title track. "Always," in its original form, featured McCleary's piano throughout. In the Classixx remix though, the piano has been stripped, making room for playful synths that sound fit for a video game. The meshing of Panama's original sound with the remix style of Classixx sounds a bit like London Grammar's "Hey Now" meets Goodwill & Hook N Sling's "Take Me Higher." Source: Majestic Casual YouTube Channel
작가 토마스 M.디쉬가 세상을 떠났다. 어제 본 영화에서처럼 총으로 자살했다고 한다. 유작 The Word of God의 출간을 알리는 글이 “Once a mortal, soon to be in Heaven,” 으로 시작하는구나. 랭포드 David Langford의 앤시블 253호에서 옮긴다. • Thomas M. Disch (1940-2008), US author and poet who began publishing sf in 1962 and gave us many darkly brilliant short stories and novels, committed suicide on 4 July; he was 68. His finest novels were Camp Concentration (1968), 334 (1972) and On Wings of Song (1979); the latter won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award. Brian Aldiss hailed Disch’s early work thus: ‘A genuine pessimist of a new writer has come along, to delight us with an unadulterated shot of pure bracing gloom.’ John Clute’s SF Encyclopedia entry called him ‘the most respected, least trusted, most envied and least read of all modern first-rank sf writers.’ His solitary Hugo was for the entertainingly contentious The Dreams Our Stuff Is Made Of: How Science Fiction Conquered the World (1998); ‘The Brave Little Toaster’ (1980 F&SF) won a BSFA award and was filmed. I admire his work very much indeed.
$100.00 was $200.00 This product is currently sold out. Ballet Outfit set for your Hazel Village doll. Flora Fox highly recommends this outfit for her favourite activity, ballet. Juliette and Penelope also enjoy it. Actually, all the animals love it, and they dress alike for their ballet lessons. The ballet outfit includes a stretchy pink cotton shirt with short sleeves, a wraparound tutu made of soft pink tulle with an elastic waistband, and pink satin toe shoes. It comes packed in a little box, so the animals have somewhere to store it when they aren't doing ballet.
Crystal Quest Demineralizing mixed bed DI industrial grade cartridges are a useful tool used with water that is high in mineral content and provide it at the exact point of use. Deionized/demineralized water is used in industrial applications such as circuit board manufacturing and in laboratories where ion free water is needed. Deionized/demineralized water is not normally used for drinking water use. |ITEM NUMBER||SIZE||FLOW RATE||CAPACITY (<100 PPM HARDNESS) |CQE-RC-04011||2-7/8” x 9-3/4”||.5 gpm (1.9 lpm)||305 grains/5,215 ppm*| |CQE-RC-04023||2-7/8” x 20”||2.5 gpm (9.4 lpm)||305 grains/10,000 ppm*| |CQE-RC-04073||4-5/8” x 9-3/4”||3 gpm (11.4 lpm)||305 grains/10,000 ppm*| |CQE-RC-04078||4-5/8” x 20”||6 gpm (22.7 lpm)||305 grains/15,000 ppm*| |Fiber Media||Cation Resin| |40°F to 145°F (4.4°C to 62.8°C)| |*Capacity is an estimate only and is dependent on influent water contaminants and filter usage.| QUESTIONS & ANSWERS Have a Question? Be the first to ask a question about this.
If I had a dream job it would be as an investigative reporter/photographer. I wouldn’t cover current events; no, I would cover news stories 20 years after they had occurred and try to find out what we got right and what we got wrong. It would be to remind people of the names of the Challenger and Columbia astronauts, to recall mistakes, and to celebrate the sacrifices and triumphs of events and to look at how they have changed the world or one person. It would also be for a major publisher so I wasn’t afraid of being sued for libel. News reporting is hard work, finding two reliable sources to corroborate a story can be a fairly monumental task, especially under a deadline. All too often you are not reporting the truth, but a viewpoint. You go in with a preconceived notion, or your source is promoting their own agenda. With print journalism’s slow death, and smaller newspaper budgets, investigative journalism has mostly disappeared. We tend to get sound bites and copies of press releases as our news. Being unbiased in reporting is nearly impossible, even watching football the announcers always seem to favor the other team. 17-year-old me recalls turning on the news in mid-April of 1989 and hearing about a massive explosion in the number two turret of the USS Iowa. Forty-seven crew members lost their lives in a training accident. An open breach caused five powder bags to exploded inside the number 2 turret center gun crumpling the bulkhead doors and killing everyone in the turret’s upper levels, 12 men in the lower turret survived when their blast doors held. Over the next five weeks it turned from an accident into an alleged act of sabotage. And then the news cycle ended. The Navy had named a crew member for planting a explosive timer into one of the powder bags. I went to college, the Gulf War started and I forgot about the tragedy on the USS Iowa. Instead we heard about the USS Missouri and Wisconsin firing nearly 1200 shells into Iraq and watched a new reporter on CNN named Wolf Blitzer report the nightly war status. Meanwhile, a second investigation and a congressional inquiry into the Iowa were initiated. Almost a year and a half later in October of 1991, the explosion was ruled an accident. Two officers had convinced the captain that Naval Sea Systems Command (NavSea) had authorized gun testing using experimental loads. It was later revealed the contact at NavSea didn’t have the authority to allow such testing. The crew had been testing the 16 inch guns using 40 years old powder. It had been adjusted to correct for the difference in burn times due to age and improper storage. Their testing was to see if they could increase the ship’s firing range. The bags stated not for use with the 2700 lbs shells they were firing. The bags were intended for the lighter high-explosive shells weighing 1900 lbs. In initial tests they they recorded the longest shots fired from a battleship. In an earlier test a bag had start smoldering as it was loaded into the gun but they closed the breach in time and the gun only misfired, lightly damaging the ship. In later drop testing of these bags, using the same load as the Iowa the entire test setup was destroyed in an explosion. Also, as the ship was returning to port after the explosion the captain instructed the crew to throw damaged parts overboard and repaint the interior of the damaged turret. This matter greatly complicated the investigations. As a result of this testing and additional investigation, the accused crew-member was cleared, the Navy offered its regrets to the family, and the cause was determined to be an accidental explosion. No senior officers were officially reprimanded or reduced in rank. The best friend of the sailor they had named as the saboteur was denied re-enlistment likely due to his vocal objection to the initial report. In a Washington Post article in 2001 the captain was quoted as saying, “Only God knows what really happened in that turret. We’re never really going to know for sure.” The USS Iowa was decommissioned the year following the explosion and the turret was never put back into service. She is currently a museum ship in Los Angeles, CA. The USS Iowa is a ship rich in history. She took part in many battles and shore bombardments in WWII and the Korean War. She served as Admiral Willis Lee’s and Admiral Halsey’s flagship. She has carried presidents Roosevelt and Reagan. My family went on the tour several weeks ago, it was a great experience. And it’s a great way to pay your respects to the 47 sailors who died serving their country. However, she is in dire need of new decking. For more information about the explosion aboard the Iowa there are two books A Glimpse of Hell : The Explosion on the U. S. S. Iowa and It’s Cover-up by Charles C Thompson II and Explosion Aboard the Iowa by Richard L Schwoebel. There is also a movie called A Glimpse of Hell.
Official Xbox Magazine |Single issue||$ 8.99||-| Just $1.83 per issue Subscribe to Magzter GOLD and enjoy Unlimited reading of Official Xbox Magazine Magazine (including old issues) along with 5,000+ other best-selling magazines and premium articles for just $9.99/Month! Official Xbox Magazine is North America's only all-Xbox monthly publication, dedicated to delivering the latest information on the hottest current and upcoming Xbox games. Each issue comes packed with breaking details and first looks, as well as more in-depth commentary and expert analysis on all of the latest trends and thriving culture that surrounds the games industry. Rolling rodent revamps roster. David Anfossi - The Last Crusade..
So I’m trying to make the fully auto crop farm. I have tested carrots and they seem to work fine – the villager farmer throws carrots at the villager and the hopper minecarts collect it. However, wheat does not work. I know they can make bread with the wheat and throw the wheat but after giving the farmer stacks of wheat, they don’t throw wheat or bread during their non working time. So is there any other way to make fully automated farm? I need a lot of wheat to sell it on the servers I’m playing. But I don’t want to like farm it by hand as it takes a lot of time and it’s super annoying.
1000lbs Marlin on New Years Day A 1000lbs Marlin on New Years Day and a bunch of other stories make up the latest post by Captain Duarte Rato – sportfishing Captain with FishBazaruto.com. The 1000lbs marlin was not caught at Bazaruto (it was a Blue Marlin taken of Western Australia), but the fish became somewhat controversial, as social networking groups jumped on the attack on the Captain. The very same Captain who was graced with an award for his efforts in tagging and conservation, just last year (2017) One of the biggest and most successful tagging operations, these guys reserved the right to boat a broken fish. And in doing so, incurred the wrath of greenies all over the planet. The truth is, that without sportfishing charter captains working closely with environmental and conservation entities, there would be no research data available whatsoever. It is this data, supplied by charter captains worldwide, that is used to formulate the management strategies, for these fish stocks. The ocean is under HUGE pressure right now. We are down to 4% of our original allotment as humans. 4%! To learn more, I would strongly recommend the following book: Available from Amazon, it outlines the destruction we as humans have wreaked on the planet’s oceans. In the meantime, tagging as many fish as possible is the only way we can garner the data needed, to formulate better game plans, for the survivial of our remaining 4%. Enjoy the read… Enjoy a sneak preview of the gallery that goes with the above story, on http://fishbazaruto.com. Post by The Sardine News
This is a remote job for a full time, salaried employee working mostly US business hours. TruckersReport is looking for a Paid Media Manager to join our company and manage digital advertising for our truck driver job board. We are looking to bring our paid advertising in-house and have you manage & grow what our agency has been doing. We offer a competitive salary, unlimited vacation and a work environment that allows you the freedom to think of and execute new ideas to help grow the business. What Will You Be Doing? - Work independently to manage, plan and execute keyword research, campaign setup, monitoring, reporting, analysis, optimization, and budgeting - Generate quality leads across Google, Facebook & Instagram, and expand lead generation to new sources like programmatic, video and other job boards - Optimize campaigns to drive positive ROI and deliver against our KPI - Provide a weekly and monthly update to let the executive team know what you are working on - Build custom reports / dashboards that help show your success and where we should continue to invest resources - Set goals and make sure we stay focused on ROI at the company - Helping us continue to learn by testing new ad creative, and site copy to make sure we are driving the best CPL possible. Sharing your new learns with the team would be great - Identify new or emerging technology (i.e programmatic), best practices, and capabilities to stay ahead of our competitors - 3+ years of experience running paid media campaigns - Experience with Google Analytics, Google Ads and Facebook. Bonus if you have experience with Unbounce or another landing page platform - Strong written and verbal communication skills - Mastery of Google Ads Scripts and Excel formulas - Have worked collaboratively with account managers, sales and developers - Strong interest in getting certification in Google Adwords, Bing & Facebook Compensation and Benefits - $70,000 - $90,000 Annual Salary, depending on experience - Up to $500/month in health expense reimbursements - Work from home with flexible hours TruckersReport is a network of professional truck drivers connected by our trucking industry forum, which provides an independent community for drivers to share information and assist each other’s careers. We also offer a job board that helps truckers across the country find gainful employment. We are helping digitize an industry that is the backbone of getting goods across this country. Apply for this Position
New year, new challenges to face! And what better way to meet and enjoy the start of the year than to challenge yourself, literally. Yup, I had quite a lot of fun trying out the newest addition in Legazpi's tourist attraction sites, the Zipline (ZIPZFACTOR) located at the Ligñon Hill, Legazpi City. I've seen it previewed on the news some weeks ago but didn't really know that it was operational until a friend confirmed it. The occasional rain during the holidays suspended our plan to visit a couple of times already. However, with back to school and work scheds coming so close, we just had no choice but to go and do it rain or shine. It was definitely a sight. Seeing the height, with the heavy wind, will almost make you doubt whether you could reach the end of the zipline or be flown back to the start. But hell, you wouldn't know unless you try, right? So we got ourselves listed and the zipline peeps help us gear up. A few more preparations, and some two way radio confirmations for a clear go and we're up to do the slide for life fun experience we've been looking forward for. I'm very proud of my little sister. I didn't expect her to be so eager. Regardless of the gloomy weather, we were all just so excited to try this activity out. Here are some pics I'd like to share: We're actually looking forward the rest of the activities coming soon, especially Rapelling. Weeeeeh! So? Dare to try?
Notify me when this product is available: Gender: WomenItem Type: TopsTops Type: TeesCollar: O-NeckSleeve Length(cm): ShortDecoration: NonePattern Type: LetterSleeve Style: RegularStyle: CasualClothing Length: RegularMaterial: Spandex,CottonFabric Type: BroadclothColor Style: Natural ColorStyle: Fashion She Believed She Could But Was Really Tired T-Shirt Very cute shirt. The material is very nice too Just as pictured. Nice quality and clear printing. The XXL is pretty big. Probably more like a XL in U.S. sizing. Shipping was pretty quick too! I recommend this shop. Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more… © 2019 Yemaya Luna. Powered by Shopify
10 Random Things Fatherhood Taught Me Fatherhood comes at you like a Miley Cyrus Wrecking Ball (minus the odd irrelevant naked woman riding it). It changes you. As more grey hair comes in, I’m starting to realize that sometimes it takes a wrecking ball to make you realize what really matters. Especially as a man. Men are judged on things like strength, tolerance, income, and many other things. That’s not to say that women aren’t… but this isn’t about women. As I understand it groups of women can be the worst circles to be in for other women. But as men we seem to be perceived fundamentally and naturally as animals. That’s just the way it seems to be. Here’s what I’ve learned. - It is actually possible to shed Happy tears. - Unconditional love exists. - It takes just as much strength to punch an asshole who cut you off in traffic in the face as it does to NOT punch the asshole who cut you off in traffic in the face. - Women appreciate a man who is transparent with his feelings. - Children appreciate time over anything. - You don’t know what it is to be a protector until you have a child. - Hard decisions are things like choosing to enroll your child in a sport over spending that money on a new pair of shoes every month. - Bless your parents, but you learned everything not to do from them. - Bless your parents, but you learned everything TO DO from them. - Your child will mimic everything you do as soon as they are able to. This includes anything and everything from profanity to your actions. You realize that throwing your middle finger up might have been cool when you were a 20 something year old punk driving around in a 1989 honda civic, but as a parent you definitely never want to see your child doing the same thing.
How Much Mortgage Can I Get Approved For How much house can I afford? – ConsumerAffairs.com – Understanding how much house you can buy for a given monthly payment is a. Some lenders will approve you for a mortgage that takes your. Mortgage rates hold steady but are trending higher – keeping mortgage rates in a holding pattern,” said Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com. In addition to their effect on the overall economy, hurricanes in Texas and Florida disrupted. Use this refinance calculator to see if refinancing your mortgage is right for you. Calculate estimated monthly payments and rate options for a variety of loan terms to see if you can reduce your monthly mortgage payments. The interest rate table below is updated daily, Monday through Friday, to give you the most current rates when refinancing a home loan. Use our mortgage calculator to get a customized estimate of your mortgage rate and monthly payment. Contact a Chase Home Lending Advisor when you’re ready to get started. To see our current Mortgage rates for. What Does An Fha Appraiser Look For Best Way To Get Home Loan » Tapping home equity is relatively cheap if you can. – Whether you choose a home equity loan or a HELOC, you’ll qualify for the best rates and biggest loans with a credit score of at least 740. And with property values rising across much of the country, only about 1 in 10 homeowners with a mortgage remains underwater, owing more on their loans than their property is.2019 What are the FHA Appraisal Guidelines? – FHA.co – However, the appraiser also has a long list of requirements the FHA requires in order to pass the appraisal. The appraiser’s job isn’t just to find the value of the home, but also to make sure the home is safe, sanitary, and livable. How the Appraisal Works. First, let’s look at how an appraisal works.Cosigning On A Mortgage Loan Can I Buy A House With A Reverse Mortgage Who uses a reverse mortgage to purchase a house? | 2018-08. – It’s safe to say that many people know that a reverse mortgage is a loan that can be used by a older homeowner who wants to extract the equity in their house. But what many people don’t know.Risks of cosigning loans – To buy a car. Purchase a home. Or go to college. You need money! Maybe your parent will cosign your loan? But mortgage sales manager mary marengi says parents should think twice. “So, if you are a. Urban Institute: Here’s how rising interest rates will impact the mortgage market – It states mortgage origination volumes will decline as interest rates rise. As interest rates rise, the percentage of the population where it would benefit homeowners to refinance will drop.. Mortgage Refinancing | Associated Credit Union of Texas – Refinancing Options. Get control of your mortgage rate and monthly payments, and refinance your home with a loan that works best for you. With low long-term. Mortgage rates can change daily, and can vary widely depending on the borrower’s personal situation. The difference can mean tens of thousands of dollars over the life of the loan. Here are some tactics to help you find the best mortgage rate for your new home loan. Home sales to get boost from falling mortgage rates – TYLER, TX (KLTV) – With spring in full swing, declining mortgage rates and rising wages could be setting the. If you’ve been thinking of buying a home or refinancing, Killingsworth said you might. Looking to refinance your existing mortgage loan? ERATE helps you compare today’s home refinance loan rates in Texas. Select from popular programs like the 30 Year Fixed, 15 Year Fixed, 5/1 ARM or other programs and we list the top offers from numerous lenders for you. Rates are updated daily. MBA: Mortgage refinance apps increase from week before – Sponsor Content The refinance share of mortgage activity decreased to 46.4% of total applications, down from 47.8% the week before to its lowest level since July 2017. The adjustable-rate mortgage.. Can You Buy A House Without A Downpayment What Is The Rent To Own Program Can someone please explain the rent to own programs. – Trulia – Rent to own programs are a great way to purchase a house. Not all are scams, but be extra careful when pursuing it. The main idea behind rent to own, is your monthly rental payments go towards the down payment of the house.My Rent To Own Homes 203 K Fha Loan Homeowner Loan Bad Credit Top 10 Secured Loans for Bad Credit – UK Homeowner Loans – Secured loans can let homeowners borrow more money sometimes at lower rates. By Borrowing against your property these loans can sometimes offer lower rates. Compare the lenders here that offer them to see the cheapest APR. Even if you have bad credit you could be approved to borrow.Hard money Loans for Investment Property | Fix and Flip Loans – 3- Construction Loan or Purchase and build. construction loans are available for spec construction on your existing lot or can be wrapped with purchase of the lot.Rent-to-own scheme to be expanded – Zuraida – The government is looking to expand the rent-to-own (RTO) scheme for the . earlier, Zuraida said that the national home ownership campaign would be held for six months next.What Determines Interest Rates What Determines Interest Rates On Mortgage – Schell Co USA – Mortgage interest rates determine your monthly payments over the life of the loan. Knowing how interest rates factor into your loan pricing, as well as what goes into determining your rate, will help you evaluate lender estimates with more precision. Looking for home mortgage rates in Maryland? View loan interest rates from local banks, MD credit unions and brokers, from Bankrate.com.
HOW IT ALL BEGAN Like any other great idea Yonkers Brewing Co. was thought of with a beer in hand. In 2010, the concept of brewing came to John Rubbo and Nick Califano after they tirelessly helped their grandfathers make homemade wine. As they exchanged stories about crushing grapes and discussed the intricacy of fermentation, they cracked open a cold beer. As the cap fell off the lights went on, “Why not just make the sweet nectar we enjoy so much more?” they asked. The generations-old tradition of wine making sparked a fire and with head brewer, Sharif Taleb, they brewed up a recipe that is now known as Yonkers Lager THE BREWERY (Now Open!) Yonkers Brewing Co. will open to the public in the former Yonkers Trolley Barn, located at 92 Main Street in downtown Yonkers, New York. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the last remaining trolley barn in Westchester County, this Renaissance Revival style brick building has soaring 20 foot ceilings and plenty of exposed brick.The building is accessible by Metro North, less than 30 yards away and a 23 minute train ride from Grand Central, and numerous buses. If you are driving we are stone’s throw away from the New York State Thruway, Cross County Parkway, Sprain Brook Parkway, Saw Mill Parkway and Bronx River Parkway – we also have a parking structure across the street.This building is the perfect location to bring together the old Yonkers and the new Yonkers – which now include Yonkers Brewing Co.
About the Video This is the teaser for the upcoming TV show we produced. It showcases the Miro Quartet playing Franz Schubert’s G Major quartet. We used a crane, dolly and 3 stationary cameras to capture the 4 movements. Filmed in Seattle’s Benaroya Hall.
The FiRa Consortium has just been established by the ASSA ABLOY Group which includes HID Global, and NXP Semiconductors, Samsung Electronics, and Bosch, and joined by Sony Imaging Products & Solutions Inc, LitePoint and the Telecommunications Technology Association (TTA) in order to grow the Ultra-Wideband (UWB) ecosystem providing accurate positioning for a variety of mobile and consumer applications. The FiRa stands for “Fine Ranging”, and UWB technology relies on the IEEE 802.15.4z standard that provides real-time centimeter accuracy indoor positioning. The consortium claims “UWB technology outperforms other technologies in terms of accuracy, power consumption, robustness in RF connection, and security, by a wide margin”, especially in challenging environments. The main roles of the FiRa Consortium will be to develop an interoperability standard, and promote the development of UWB applications. Some of the use cases include: - Seamless Access Control – UWB can identify an individual’s approach toward or away from a secured entrance, verify security credentials, and let the authorized individual pass through the entrance without physically presenting the credential. - Location-Based Services – UWB’s highly precise positioning capability can make it easier to navigate airports and shopping malls, or even find a car in a multi-story parking garage. Retail applications can also benefit from the technology with targeted marketing and foot traffic data. - Device-to-Device (Peer-to-Peer) Services – UWB devices can find the relative distance between each other without the need for access points. This could allow people to easily find one another in crowded spaces or find specific items. UWB is said to work well with other wireless standards, and does not interfere with NFC, Bluetooth, nor WiFi. More details can be found on the consortium website. Thanks to Anonymous for the tip. Jean-Luc started CNX Software in 2010 as a part-time endeavor, before quitting his job as a software engineering manager, and starting to write daily news, and reviews full time later in 2011. |Support CNX Software - Donate via PayPal or become a Patron on Patreon|
You want to build an email list right? Well, if you have your own site, then adding an opt-in form to your site can be any easy way to increase the number of subscribers to your email list. If you look at various blogs, you’ll see that people do this in many different ways. Some use lightbox popups, others place an opt-in form in their sidebars, and some choose to put them in the bottom of their posts. Today I want to review a WordPress plugin I’ve been using on this site for a few months now, called WP Subscribers, which was created by Jenni from IntenseBlog.com. WP Subscribers is jam packed full of features and allows you to add all different types of opt-in forms to your site including: - Lightbox Popups - Header/Footer Bar Opt-in forms - In-Post Opt-in forms - Custom Opt-in forms (place anywhere) - Traditional Exit Popups - HTML Exit Popups If you have been browsing around my blog for a bit, you can see I’m using both a Lightbox Popup and a Custom Opt-in form in my sidebar. All this was done with WP Subscribers, which makes the process relatively simple to do. Setting up WP Subscribers WP Subscribers supports all the major email autoresponders, including AWeber (what I use), GetResponse, and MailChimp. In the Setup Opt-ins page, there’s a form where you paste in the html code from your favorite autoresponder. Then press the Detect your form code button and the plugin will extract the info it needs from your code. The Create Opt-In forms page has tabs to create all the different types of opt-in forms. To create a Lightbox popup for example, you can choose from one of the 12 included lightbox templates. Each template also has 8 different color schemes. To put the specific content for the popup, you can insert your Popup Title and Popup Content using the free-form text areas. The Custom Opt-in form works similarly, except there’s no templates to choose from. After inputing your form Title and Content, you have to style it yourself using the settings options. This is relatively simple, and you can also use custom CSS if you prefer. WPSubscribers includes a Custom Opt-In widget, so adding the form was just a matter of adding that widget to my sidebar. Other Cool Features As I mentioned, WP Subscribers is packed full of features, many which I haven’t even tried yet. One of these is the Facebook Connect integration. This lets you add a Facebook connect button to any opt-in or on your blog and it will automatically subscribe a visitor via their FB account, without them having to directly enter their Name and Email address. WP Subscribers also supports a list building referral system. You can make it so your subscribers get points for referring visitors to your list which they can redeem for whatever incentive you choose. If you have something good to giveaway, this can be a fantastic way have your email opt-ins grow virally. WP Subscribers Negatives WP Subscribers can do so many different things, but with this comes some extra complexity. The settings pages are quite filled with options, and I think less tech savvy users may get overwhelmed when they first start using the plugin. WP Subscribers does include a nice set of tutorials to demonstrate the various features of the plugin. Some tutorials have written step-by-step instructions which is nice, and some have video demonstrations. The videos are silent though, and I do wish Jenni would narrate them (or hire someone to narrate them) to make them easier to follow. My biggest beef with WP Subscribers though is with its AWeber integration. The plugin doesn’t add the AWeber tracking pixel to its opt-in form, so it can’t track my form impressions inside my Aweber dashboard. Although the plugin has its own built-in analytics, I’m not a huge fan of it and I would rather look at my stats from inside my AWeber account. It seems like a weird oversight, but hopefully this gets addressed in a future version. Popup Domination vs WP Subscribers The biggest competition to WP Subscribers is Popup Domination by Michael Dunlop. Popup Domination is probably the most popular lightbox opt-in script out there and is used by some of the most well known bloggers. So how does WP Subscribers compare vs Popup Domination? Well as you can probably see, WP Subscribers can do way more things then Popup Domination can. While Popup Domination is limited to lightbox popups, WP Subscribers can do that and much more. The ability of WP Subscribers to add all the different opt-in forms to your site can really do wonders for increasing the size of your email list. That said, Popup Domination does have some nice advantages. First of all, it’s quite a bit easier to use out of the box and I think the lightbox templates are slightly more polished looking than WP Subscriber’s. It works seamlessly with AWeber in terms of tracking and it also includes a standalone version for people not using WordPress. So which one should you choose? It really depends on your needs. If you need to be able to integrate multiple opt-in forms on your site or are interested in the Facebook connect or subscriber referral features, then go with WP Subscribers. It’s super powerful when you really delve into it. If all you need want to use is a nice looking lightbox popup that you can setup really quickly, you may want to consider Popup Domination. Price-wise, Popup Domination is a $47 one time fee, and can be used on unlimited sites. WP Subscribers has 2 licensing options. The first option is a 3 site license for $47. Or you can pay $97 and use it on unlimited sites. Before you go rush out and buy any of these products though, make sure you have something valuable to give away. You need a good incentive for people to actually join your email list. It could be as simple as a free report or maybe some software you create that you know your visitors will love. Combine this with a wordpress plugin like WP Subscribers, and you can really start to grow your email list.
Oct 3, 2016 Comedian Antonio & Sara Giurato join us to discuss Montreal's recent breed legislation which leads Lisa in the message center to uncover the existence of Puppy Hitler, as well as Kitty Hitler! We then discuss the tragic recent Hoboken, NJ train accident awaiting the arrival of Truly tasteless Irena fresh from her Rosh Hashanah observation with Steve the Wizard in tow to discuss what this Jewish holiday is and how they observed it. We then get the origin story of how Antonio & Sara first met and it involves Antonio wearing a boa on purpose and a traumatic strip club experience. Steve & Antonio then give us a demonstration with their Kung Fu Sticks. @slantshow on facebook & Twitter Slant Radio on YouTube Available on iTunes, Google Play Music, iheartradio, Stitcher App & SoundCloud Live episode recordings on facebook LIVE & Periscope (@slantshow)
Roxell Emergency Management Training is a premier provider of emergency care services. We are “Authorized Provider for American Heart Association ECC Courses”. We are experts in teaching TNCC, ENPC and NRP in the United States. We have several locations to choose from and we can also come to you. The best place to take CPR....and I’ve taken BLS at many facilities. Information provided is in a clear, relatable, and extremely learnable and non-threatening environment. If you have any concerns or hesitations....don’t! This place is for you! I really like to thank Tim for his friendly, helping and engaging attitude. He made this advanced class seems easy. Just finished taking 2 day TNCC with Ade. Never has a cert class been so informative, fun, and thorough! Will be back!! It was great I learned a lot the instructor made sure we were going to walk out knowing what we learned and I did. Very friendly I recommend this class to anyone it's worth going there. I still know everything I learned.
Below is a list of the types of businesses in the City of Monroe in which we have business listings. If you do not see your city within the list below. You can add a business for just $49.95 per year. To add a business submit your info here. The town of Monroe is located in the county of Waldo. It covers a total area of 101.09 sq. km. Businesses related to air conditioning and heating, auto transmission, dealership in furniture and shipping services, contribute to the local economic development.
Vice President, Commercial Banking Masters of Business Administration-Advanced Strategic Management, Michigan State University. Bachelor of Business Administration-Finance, Grand Valley State University. Over 15 years of community banking experience Head Coach: Gull Lake Wrestling Club Greater Battle Creek and Kalamazoo Unite Way - Capital Campaign Committee Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Kalamazoo - Camp Committee
The Point was a large park that jutted into Lake Michigan. xxxnagenvideo Indian gal full First Night rep sex videos free download videos Like a whipped dog she slinked over to Mike and gingerly started to extract his dick from his pants. WWW.XXX SLEPEN VIDEOS.COM hard on pills Raj wap.in screensize very small very LQ mom and son She lay beside me once she was done. Axxx.Maudhri.dixi.hot She knew right there and then that she had to have it in her mouth, to feel that velvet skin against her tongue, running along her lips. Baqvo tube Donlodwww.hdredtube.co/japanese/ Bending to pick it up, a frisbee whizzed where his head 3gp xxx lezby vidio legate Www.40sal.gairl.xxx I called and arranged a day trip up to a mountain park, just me and her. 3gp xxx lezby vidio legate His mom smiled from her chair at the table, That would be an understatement. Www.40sal.gairl.xxx sildenafil citrate 100mg lowest price Baqvo tube You are supposed to be courting Miss Forthampton! his mother chided. Doctor suggested loose light shirts for the next week. WWW.XXX SLEPEN VIDEOS.COM Thank you, Master! she squealed, running toward the front door. xxxnagenvideo I made friends. Raat seaxy Candice gave her gag to Jeff and made a note to soak it in bleach tomorrow. buy generic viagra online usa Sexy download 3gp 3gp indian two mallu anti same ling sex I could feel her own moan of pleasure as she fingered herself to completion. HD xxx porn girl nach dehati hindi His thoughts led him again to his current dilemma, his situation with Lilith. SISTARBRO XXX HD 69.COM She moved my softening prick around as she checked her work for cleanliness. Jackie Cruz xxx 3gb download You have a really nice little mouth. buy generic viagra online usa deep throat cocksuckers It felt like she was milking the come out of him as he buried himself full length inside her, and spurted off while balls deep in the college sophomore. Donlodwww.hdredtube.co/japanese/ london keyes video Sonya thought that the donkey was looking them over like he was sizing them up, admiring their statuesque figures as though he was wondering which one of them he was going to get to make his next sexual conquest. brunette teen first dildo anal mobile Our first stop was the gas station to get fuel for the generator, but it took a while to find one that actually had power. solowife porn free video I hate losing Kelly, but you earned her! sex betite teen f ball rulincauknab He then turned back to his daughters. viagra patent expiration alexandra stan nude This was amazing! Petite innocent looking teen brunette Mika Sparx with braids and legjobb xnxx Jenny before leaving home was a healthy, active, fun loving young woman; pretty as a picture. www. lawak humor batak xxx you tube video mesum pelajar.3gp She nodded, If it were just girls we might have an idea what was happening. video mesum pelajar.3gp www. lawak humor batak xxx you tube
Key Benefits of Using A Print Management Company While we are all geared up towards a paperless office, the printing of transactional business documents remains to be a fundamental business process for many enterprises, small, medium or large. Today, companies continue to generate reams of paper for internal correspondence, record keeping, direct mail, and customer-facing letters. Surprisingly, most organisations do not keep tabs on their printing costs. Reason being, it is sometimes difficult to manually track annual printing costs. A business cannot implement an actionable print cost-cutting strategy if the printing costs are unknown. A print management company helps you monitor your printing costs by putting everything into perspective. How many printers do you have? How often do you order ‘print’? What are your documents needs? What aspects of print would you like to cut back on? A print management company takes away all your print requirements so that you can focus on your core business activities. Managing your print fleet can be expensive and time-consuming. A managed print services company will give your organisation control of the print fleet. Why should you consider working with a print management company? 1. It’s not expensive Since the print management company is managing printing needs for different organisations and companies, they have leverage over standalone users as they can purchase in bulk. This saves on the cost of materials such as paper and toners. Ultimately, the print management will pass down the savings to your organisation. Similarly, print management companies leverage their knowledge of suppliers to find the best market prices for you. This can potentially save you up to 30% of your printing costs. Outsourcing your printing needs will increase your efficiencies and eliminate random purchasing costs. 2. Save Time Organising print and managing your print fleet is probably not your thing. You might end up spending too much valuable time trying to fix minor printing problems. This can lead to wasted human resources and time that could otherwise have been used on other productive activities. A print management company also ensures that your work does not stop when printers break down, or simply run out of ink or paper. As part of the contract, the print management company will offer you proactive repairs and troubleshooting of possible printer, fax, copier or scanner problems. They will also ensure that your supplies do not run out, by ordering them on time. 3. Keep a close eye on your costs A good print management company will use industry-grade tools to provide insights into your daily, monthly or annual printing costs, allowing you to plan appropriately. A managed print provider will analyse your print fleet usage and advice on the best print cost-cutting measures. This data can also help you spot wasteful trends that can trigger changes in your business processes. 4. Print more efficiently Your managed print provider will help you develop systems and protocols to help you print more efficiently, hence leading to massive savings in paper, toner and electricity costs. Print management professionals will look at how you currently use your print fleet and suggest actionable ways to streamline your production tasks. With robust print policy rules, print management professionals can stop mistakes such as printing 100 copies of a single paged document. They can also enforce duplex printing where necessary while discouraging simplex printing. Your print management company can tailor solutions to get work done faster and at a lower cost. 5. Enhance Innovation A print management company can bring a fresh approach to your lethargic print room. By using innovation and creativity, your organisation can maintain a leading position by having your marketing collateral and printed communications at the forefront of your competition. 6. Increased Security By using biometric for printing and restricted access protocols to printing, you can rest easy knowing that your printing needs are in line with your company policies. A print management company will give users control over when, how and what can be printed. 7. A catch-all option A managed print provider will cover all your copiers, printers and ink. Managed print services give you access to multi-functional printing devices that can be used to fax, scan, print and copy your documents of the fly, and on demand. This is a sure way of saving money and time. There you have it, seven benefits of using a print management company. Call us today to arrange for a free print audit of your enterprise.…
MA: I’m delighted to welcome back to Mike Angley’s Blog, Sylvia Massara. Sylvia first guested with me on September 3, 2010, and you can go back and read her original post here: All the Way from Australia Comes Romantic Comedy Author, Sylvia Massara to Guest with Mike Angley I won’t repeat her biography here, but you can find it at the link above, or visit her website for even more information about her: www.sylviamassara.com MA: Tell me again what you did before becoming a writer. SM: Prior to embarking on my writing career, I spent many years in the corporate world being a HR Manager, a Trainer/Lecturer, and most recently I started a business, Tudor Writing Services, where I provide proofreading/editing/website and social media services. Having said this, my true love has always been acting. I can remember wanting to be an actress since the age of 5. I was in lots of school productions, and later in amateur theatre. I also did a stint (when I was in between jobs) as an extra in some Aussie soapies, where I rubbed shoulders with actresses such as Melissa George and Isla Fisher, whom I believe made a bit of a name for themselves in the US. I was also in TV commercials and a couple of documentaries. MA: You are a self-proclaimed day dreamer…is that one of your fiction influences? SM: Well, I always lived my life in what you might call a ‘world of make believe’. Even now I do this. Ever since I can remember I always caught myself day dreaming; and I usually run several plots through my head at any given time. So I guess it was natural for me to progress to a career as a writer. I’ve been writing since I was a teenager and always loved it. Besides, you can write till you’re 90, whereas an acting career may not last that long. MA: The last time you visited with me, you talked about your novel, The Other Boyfriend (which my daughter thoroughly enjoyed, by the way!). What are you here to tell us about today? SM: The Soul Bearers is a rather spiritual story which deals with courage, friendship and unconditional love. It was partly inspired by true life events. In terms of genre, I guess you could put it under ‘literary fiction’ ‘mainstream drama’, not sure where, but it does make a good read and you better have those tissues handy. A bit more about the story: The story involves three people whose lives cross for a short period of time, and the profound effect which results from their interaction. Alex Dorian, freelance travel writer, and a survivor of severe child abuse, arrives in Sydney in an attempt to exorcise the ghosts of her past. She shares a house with Steve and the disturbing Matthew, a homosexual couple. Alex finds herself inexplicably attracted to Matthew and must battle with her repressed sexuality and her fear of intimacy. I believe readers of The Soul Bearers will come away with a deeper understanding of human relationships and of what it means to truly love without condition. MA: You did something interesting with your characters in this new book. Tell us about that. SM: There are three main characters, and the story is told through their respective points of view. Even smaller characters have their point of view. This makes the story more intricate as we see the events develop through all the characters, but mainly the main three, being Alex, Steve and Matthew. You ask how I developed the characters and all I can say is that in terms of the gay couple it wasn’t so difficult. Having come from a hospitality background, I made lots of friends who were gay and I socialized with many of them. So I knew what their way of life was like. For, Alex, it was a little more difficult as she is the victim of sexual abuse. I also have a good friend who was unfortunate enough to have been a victim of sexual abuse as a child and from what I learned through her, and my own research, I came up with Alex. MA: Are your characters larger than life or are they flawed like us all? SM: All my characters are flawed; even the very spiritual and wise, Steve. They all have something to learn and something to give to each other. But I guess Steve comes out as the strongest. He’s facing imminent death from AIDS and his only concern is that he leave his partner well provided for, both emotionally and financially. And he manages to do this through Alex (that is, the emotional part of it). I can’t say that Steve has any real weaknesses, except that he likes to ‘arrange’ the lives of others in some way. Alex is strong in that she managed to survive her childhood ordeal and carved out a life for herself. But she must still face the ghosts of her past and fear holds her back from many an opportunity for growth. The same thing applies to Matthew, but in a different way; he’s living with the rejection of his parents, his partner’s illness and his fear of what the future will bring. Matthew is not so much strong as he is chivalrous and protective of those he loves. MA: I suspect you don’t have a traditional antagonist in The Soul Bearers, and that perhaps life itself is the “bad guy.” SM: There is no bad guy per se, but there are bad people in the past of all three characters. There is Alex’s stepfather, who sexually abused her; her mother, who lived in denial of it; then you have Matthew’s parents and their rejection of the only son they have. So you could say these people are the bad guys. MA: What comes after this latest release? Are you working on anything new? SM: I will turn back to more lighthearted novels; and I plan another ‘chick lit’ story, but this one will probably be a series featuring the same heroine. MA: I believe you have a book trailer for your newest release. Where can people find it? SM: For more on The Soul Bearers check out my website and blog (www.sylviamassara.com). There is a video I posted there that tells you a little bit about the story. The book released in September 2010 and is available in ebook format through Amazon and Smashwords, and sometime in the next couple of months it will be made available in paperback. Read More
Believe it or not, we are fast approaching FOUR WHOLE YEARS since we opened! Four years of beautiful brews, vibrant cans, food trucks, trivia nights, new friends, and fantastic memories. To celebrate, we are going to take all of our favorite customers to a tropical paradise on August 24th! And the best news is you don’t even need to pack your bags, because we are transforming the Taproom you know and love into a haven for flamingos and beer-lovers alike. SPECIAL RELEASE BEERS It’s no secret that we love to brew with real fruits and spices, and we pulled all the stops to make our anniversary week super special. Collaboration Brew with 2nd Shift Brewing: A one of a kind Milkshake IPA, this beer is brewed with pineapples, apricots, and lactose for a creamy and tropical treat. Want even more citrus? Good news! We used Falconer’s Flight and Citra hops to really amp up the sunshine. Set to release on August 17th to kick off a week of celebration leading to our August 24th Anniversary Party. 6.2% ABV and 22 IBUs. DDH New England Style Pale Ale: If you’re looking for a soft and pillowy hop dream bursting with tropical fruit flavors (think pineapple, passion fruit, and citrus) then look no further! We hopped it up with Galaxy, Motueka, and Citra hops. Smoothed it out with oats, wheat, and lactose. Hazy. Sessionable. Delicious. 5.5% ABV and 20 IBUs. Releases August 24th at our Anniversary Party. Pineapple & Passion Fruit Berliner Weisse: If you enjoy our other fruit sours, you’re going to love this exotic delight! Handcrafted to celebrate our 4th anniversary, we added real pineapple and passion fruit to a tart Berliner Weisse so we can transport you to paradise with every sip. 4.8% ABV. Releases August 24th at our Anniversary Party. In addition to our unique special releases, we are also ready to slake your thirst all day long with a selection of radlers and shandies handcrafted by Head Brewer, Ronnie Fink. We’re keeping the exact recipes a surprise, but you can expect to have delicious and refreshing options to keep you going from open to close. It will be cash only, so come prepared! SPECIAL FOOD MENU Obviously the best way to beat the summer heat is with an SMB beer, but the second best thing is a premium ice pop from the Poptimism Ice Pop Truck. Made with the best quality ingredients and in the most delectable flavors, these one-of-a-kind icy treats will be available from 2-4 PM. Come early and take advantage of this primo “dessert before dinner” opportunity. Speaking of dinner… one of our favorite food trucks, Burgers STL, is already planning a memorable menu to fuel this party. They’ll be serving up some incredible pulled pork sliders with tropical slaw and Six Mile Bridge Beer BBQ sauce on Hawaiian rolls, made to perfectly pair with all our summer ales and special releases. And if you have a sweet tooth, you won’t want to miss a tres leches cake topped with fresh tropical fruit. Food service will begin at 4 PM and keep on going until it’s all sold out! We owe our four wonderful years to people like you. The people who choose our beer from hundreds of great options at the stores, and who visit our Taproom for good company and great brews. We hope you’ll join us on August 24th and give us the opportunity to thank you in person.
Granite School District The Granite Technical Institute Biomanufacturing Program was created by renovating several existing classrooms on the second level of the Granite Education Center. The project involved the construction of five small ‘incubator’ laboratories meant for private industry start-up companies; one large shared laboratory, a clean room, gown room, and several glass wash areas. The large laboratory provides a common lab space that contains much of the equipment such as; biosafety cabinets, fume hoods, centrifuges, incubators, and freezers. Start-up companies use these facilities when not in use as teaching classrooms. Students learn proper protocols for cleaning glassware in the new autoclave and preparing themselves for work in a clean room setting. In turn, the private companies may exercise the option to employ students for research tasks. Companies are expected to grow and expand beyond the capacity of the incubator spaces, at which point they would move out and make way for new groups. For this reason, the labs are small but flexible.
Congratulations to Anton Washington for receiving February’s employee of the month! Anton is dedicated, reliable and incredibly hardworking! Glad to have him on our team!Fox Creek Golf Club SEE MORE FROM BOBBY JONES LINKS We believe remarkable results and experiences can still happen at your club. We created this 21st century company for you to make a difference. BOBBY JONES LINKS CLUB SUPPORT CENTER 6716 Jamestown Drive, Alpharetta, Georgia 30005 WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU
The little rescue potbelly, who cannot be in the sun as he recovers from massive burns to his back and head, hates sunny days when he is locked up in the barn with the common pigs. If you look carefully you can see his eyes. He is so cute when he looks at you – he lifts up his head and peers through the bottom of his bifocals. His neck held up at an awkward angle as his brain slowly arranges focus for his eyes. Last night when I went out to put him to bed I found him in the vegetable garden. Just puttering about in there during his twilight freedom. He had followed a ribbon of grass along the track and down past the barn. He will still not cross the driveway to the house though. He will place one tiny foot on the track trying to follow my voice and whip it back to his body the moment he realises he is off the grass. There are many mysteries attached to this little fellow. Today we will bring up the last of the dried salvaged grass hay from Daisy’s field, then set up the electric fence and put the pigs and the cows in there to finish cleaning up. We are going to make the pigs a big pad of ruined hay to play in out there in their new back yard. More lemonade from this lemon. The mouldy hay in the alfalfa field has been turned and turned and mostly pushed off the field. We will finish that today too with our forks. The pressure of rain coming in tonight will get that job finished. I hope you have a lovely day. Weather: A little bit of everything. With a cloudy afternoon for Wai. Wai loves deep cloud and rainy days. Wednesday 07/26 20% / 0 in A mix of clouds and sun during the morning will give way to cloudy skies this afternoon. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 86F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Wednesday Night 07/26 90% / 0.79 in Thunderstorms this evening, then cloudy with rain likely overnight. Low 71F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Locally heavy rainfall possible.
Edited by Masahiro Kawai, Peter J. Morgan and Shinji Takagi Chapter 2: The Role and Effectiveness of Unconventional Monetary Policy Peter J. Morgan 2.1 INTRODUCTION The global financial crisis of 2007–2009 was perhaps unique in that it saw short-term interest rates fall to nearly zero in a number of countries. Countries with policy rate targets of 0.5 percent or less included the United States (US), Japan, the United Kingdom (UK), and Canada. Although Japan was the only Asian country with official rates this low, short-term money market rates sank to nearly zero in a number of other economies, including Hong Kong, China; Singapore; and Taipei,China (Figure 2.1). % 5 4 3 2 1 0 Jan-07 Apr-07 Jul-07 Oct-07 Jan-08 Apr-08 Jul-08 Oct-08 Jan-09 Apr-09 Hong Kong, China Japan Singapore Taipei,China Source: CEIC Data Co. Ltd Database (accessed 16 July 2009). Figure 2.1 Asian economies with overnight interbank rates near zero (monthly average) 27 M2840 - KAWAI 9780857933348 PRINT.indd 27 24/01/2012 13:18 28 Monetary and currency policy management in Asia Because conventional monetary policy operates mainly by setting interest rate levels, this meant that the limits of conventional policy had been reached in these economies, and that any further monetary stimulus must be obtained from ‘unconventional’ means. The global financial crisis was also characterized by a breakdown in the normal transmission mechanism of monetary policy. Reflecting a sharp increase in the perceived risk of insolvency of financial institutions and other firms, spreads widened sharply in a number of markets, including those for interbank deposits, commercial paper, corporate bonds and bonds in emerging economies. Some markets stopped functioning... You are not authenticated to view the full text of this chapter or article. Elgaronline requires a subscription or purchase to access the full text of books or journals. Please login through your library system or with your personal username and password on the homepage. Non-subscribers can freely search the site, view abstracts/ extracts and download selected front matter and introductory chapters for personal use. Your library may not have purchased all subject areas. If you are authenticated and think you should have access to this title, please contact your librarian.
Solid and dependable aluminium Pro Tharis 9.8 is a solid and dependable aluminium bar that’s ultra-stiff and hasn’t missed a beat over 100 of kms and various test bike duties. Pro is Shimano’s component division, so packs the manufacturing and engineering punch to make some sorted kit. The brand isn’t marketed as aggressively as firms with sponsored athletes all over magazines, events and social media though, so some of its totally dialled components like this Tharsis 9.8 bar go a bit under the radar. At just 323g, the Tharsis is a full 800mm wide, DH-rated, bar that’s also light enough for trail or enduro riding. Pro use a reinforced mid section for extra strength and are confident enough in the 7050-series aluminium construction to offer a full 10-year warranty. It doesn’t look anything special, but there’s a nice dull feel here that dampens vibrations and trail buzz, whilst being absolutely rock-solid and precise when steering. Lower sweep numbers (4-up and 8-back) are comfortable on wrists, and Pro’s geometry means it easier to roll the bar to personalise feel without it ever feeling funky. Overall, this is a solid and dependable aluminium bar that’s ultra-stiff and hasn’t missed a beat over 100 of kms and various test bike duties.
Avocet has been involved in Selling & Buying businesses on behalf of clients, for over 13 years & knows the client value (not cost) of a good Solicitor in terms of: Instructing a Solicitor is NOT like shopping at a supermarket on price, it requires careful consideration: which is why Avocet implores its clients to think EARLY about this- regrettably too many don’t, with damaging consequences. As Mergers & Acquisitions activity picks up , good Solicitors with spare capacity are becoming hard to find. The Credit Crunch, increased regulation & a sharp rise in Professional Indemnity Insurance premiums have all taken their toll with a 25% decline in Sole Practitioner & 2 Partner Firms, & a 10% decline in the overall number of firms. One of the most common problems that Avocet encounters is people Instructing a solicitor too late. This often leads to a poor choice of advisor or unnecessary costs being incurred. The main reason for this is FEAR of the meter ticking, but in practice this should not be a problem. In reality, any good solicitor will, prior to acting for a new client, provide an initial FREE consultation. You are also entitled to request that the Solicitor then sets out exactly what is to be done and what it will cost. The meter has not started to tick! You can at this stage either agree to the Proposal & Instruct or look elsewhere. The meter has STILL not started to tick ! Remember all Solicitors are under a duty to keep you fully informed of costs & you should NOT receive unwelcome surprises Potential names can be sourced by Word of Mouth recommendation or visiting the Law Society website. Then these names need to be evaluated using 3 criteria: Experience & Expertise: just because “George” did a good job with the Conveyancing on your house, that does NOT necessarily make him the right man for selling your business! Relevant experience is required in terms of fairly regular work in this area plus of course is he or she any good at this work ?! Don’t be afraid to ask for references: any good solicitor should be able & willing to provide them. Size: this DOES matter because bigger is NOT necessarily better ! What is the point of instructing a large firm with a straightforward sub £1m deal when the other party is fielding a small local firm. The potential problems include: Chemistry & Communication: can you & the Solicitor get on, if not, how can you be effectively represented? It may sound obvious but find a Solicitor who “speaks your language”. If you don’t understand half of what you are being told, say so, because it is their problem, not yours. Do Brief The Solicitor Properly Rather like the shoe box of financial data dumped on an Accountant to make sense of, an inadequate legal briefing will undoubtedly mean reduced quality of advice & higher fees. Spend time working out what the issues are & if necessary ask for help from an Adviser regularly involved in such transactions, to help prepare the briefing. Good Solicitors are in short supply The meter starts ticking later than you think, so don’t be afraid to Instruct EARLY Be careful how you select a Solicitor Brief your Solicitor carefully In view of the above, start the Solicitor Instruction process EARLY & put your German Towel on a good one NOW ! For further advice on Instructing A Solicitor contact Roger Bibby at Avocet Investments (office Amersham) email@example.com, 01494/726173
Sign Up for the 2019 Piedmont Plus Senior Games & Silver Arts Registrations are now underway for the 2019 Piedmont Plus Senior Games and Silver Arts, to be held April 5 through May 25. Entry forms are available at all city recreation centers, local YMCAs, the Gateway YWCA and the Senior Games office at 2301 N. Patterson Ave. Early bird registration closes Feb. 28, and the final registration deadline is March 31. The Piedmont Plus Senior Games and Silver Arts, coordinated by Recreation & Parks, is a year-round wellness and education program for ages 50 and up that culminates every spring with athletic, art, craft and performance competitions that draw hundreds of participants. City Soliciting Participants in Small Business Plan Competition The city is holding its Small Business Plan Competition again in 2019 and is inviting executive summaries and business descriptions to be submitted by Mar. 15. The Office of Business Inclusion and Advancement is sponsoring the competition to promote job creation and small businesses by helping entrepreneurs develop sound business plans. The two winners will each receive a $5,000 grant for start-up costs, up to $5,000 in a potential matching micro-loan and technical assistance. Eligible submissions must be for micro-businesses (five employees or less) located within the Neighborhood Revitalization Strategy Area. For more information go to CityofWS.org and search for Small Business Plan Competition, or call Steven Harrison at 336-747-7474. Applicants Sought for Community Appearance Commission Mayor Pro Tempore Vivian H. Burke is accepting applications from citizens interested in filling three vacancies on the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County Community Appearance Commission. One vacancy must be filled by a person who has demonstrated special experience or education in a design field, such as architecture, landscape architecture, horticulture, land use planning, historic preservation, or a closely related field. The other two vacancies may be filled by any citizen with an interest in the commission and its work. All nominees must be Forsyth County residents. Interested candidates should contact the City Secretary's office at 336-727-2224 or send an email to email@example.com. The application deadline is Feb. 8, 2019. Businesses Should Register in New Vendor Database Businesses and individuals who want to do business with the city and county should register with the new vendor database used by the City/County Purchasing Division. The division uses the database to solicit bids for city and county departments that have construction or repair projects, or need other goods and services. Purchasing cannot transfer the old database entries into the new database because the programs are not compatible. Once the old database is inactivated, businesses that have not re-registered may not receive notice about upcoming opportunities to do business with the city or the county. Registration in the new database takes about 10 minutes and can be accomplished by clicking on a link to the new system posted on Purchasing's web pages at CityofWS.org. See all public meetings on the website calendar Garbage, recycling, yard-waste cart collection changes for holiday weeks
A Frenchman, a Mercedes and a Morceau of Limburger I had an encounter with the southern Dutch province of Limburg, long before my visit to its capital, Maastricht, last month. It was a close encounter of the rind kind—with Limburger cheese—in France. As a teenager, I spent a couple of summers with a French family in Hossegor, a beach town located on the Basque Coast. Albert Barrieu, husband to Marie-Josee and father of seven, was a man of taste, especially for old things. For starters he had a collection of pre-Colombian and African artifacts, amassed in Peru and Africa after World War II and coveted by museum curators all over the world. At the family’s main residence in Pouillon, also a small town in the Basque Country, the commode in one of the bathrooms was encased in a heavily carved, dark-wood chair. Albert told everyone it was “the throne of the queen of Cameroon.” Most of Albert’s antiques were displayed in the 18th-century stone house in Pouillon. The stucco villa in Hossegor (which he named Chasquitambo, after a town in northern Peru) was a museum under construction. During the summers I spent there, Albert filled it with antiques, mostly purchased from dealers in southwestern France. He could sniff out antiques like pig sniffing out a black Perigord truffle. Albert was a regional sales manager for Gaston Jaunet, a women’s ready to wear firm. His oldest child, Dominique, and I accompanied him on some of his summer sales trips. It was on one of those trips that I encountered Albert’s passion for old cheese—old Limburger cheese, to be precise. One morning as I was finishing my breakfast at the long, pine table in Chasquitambo’s dining room, and was ready to hit the plage sauvage (a favorite with surfers), Albert asked Dominique and I to accompany him to St. Jean de Luz, a fishing port not far from the Spanish border. I was thrilled to have a chance to see more of France’s Basque region. But Dominique, normally a dutiful daughter, refused to go. Was it because Albert would be driving the black Mercedes sedan, and one of us would be peering at the scenery from the back seat, through the clothing samples? No, that was not why she refused to go. Was it because her father threw a fit in just about every restaurant he took us to? Once, in Hendaye, he advised me that the best French food is served in restaurants with the shabbiest exteriors. He found a run-down restaurant, ordered poulet basquaise for lunch, took one mouthful and pronounced it to be “as filthy as the restaurant floor.” As we left the restaurant, Albert told me that very occasionally there were exceptions to his French restaurant rule. No, Dominique did not care about her father’s restaurant rows. The reason she did not want to go with him was because of the Limburger cheese that he kept in the glove compartment of the Mercedes and ate as he drove the French national roads at Le Mans speed. I volunteered to sit next to Albert. But Dominique insisted that even if she sat behind the clothing samples, they would not be a strong enough barrier to the smell of the cheese. “Deglas,” she said, which is a stronger word than “disgusting.” Marie-Josee came to her daughter’s rescue, telling Albert that Dominque had to help the other children with their summer homework. Alas, she made no excuse for me. Albert put on his misshapen Panama hat, stuffed more clothing samples onto the rack over the Mercedes’ back seat, and off we went to St. Jean de Luz. Not 20 miles into the trip, Albert said he was hungry. I knew what that meant: time for the terrible, smelly cheese. He popped open the glove compartment, and I held my breath. He pulled out a crumpled piece of white paper, and I kept holding my breath. A small piece of cheese fell out of it onto the floor. William Shakespeare had it right, when he wrote in “The Merry Wives of Windsor” that Limburger was “the rankest compound of villainous smell that ever offended a nostril.” I stuck my head out the window and took a deep breath as Albert reached for the cheese on the floor and popped it into his mouth. The boutique owner we were going to see in St. Jean de Luz was one of Albert’s best clients. She was as impossibly chic as she was frank. As we pulled the samples out of the car, she implored, “Albert, please keep the cheese in the glove compartment. You are selling Gaston Jaunet, not the Limburger line.” In Maastricht, where I attended the Association of European Journalists’ annual meeting in November, I learned two things about Limburger cheese: first, it is mostly made in Germany now; and second, there is a great benefit to its much-mocked odor. A 2006 study, which showed that the malaria mosquito is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet, earned a Nobel Prize in the area of biology. Limburger has now been placed in strategic locations in Africa to combat the epidemic of mosquito-borne malaria. A French Musketeer in Maastricht In another French connection, Maastricht is where the captain of musketeers, Charles Ogier de Batz de Castelmore, also known as Compte d’Artagnan, fell in battle in 1673. He is the person upon whom Alexandre Dumas based d’Artagnan, the hero of “The Three Musketeers” and other novels. In June 1673, as part of the Franco-Dutch War of 1672-78, the French laid siege to Maastricht. As Compte d’Artagnan, commander of King Louis XIV’s First Musketeers Company, prepared to attack the city’s Tongerese Gate on the night of June 25, he was killed by a single musket shot. The night attack was portrayed in “The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later,” the third and last of Dumas’s D’Artagnan Romances. Maastricht surrendered to French troops on June 30, 1673. The French occupied the city until 1678. It was subsequently restored to Dutch rule. The French again took the city in 1748, during the War of Austrian Succession, but it was restored to the Dutch that year. The French would return once more in 1794, annexing Maastricht to what would become the First French Empire. The following year, it became the capital of a French province (departement de la Meuse-Inferieure). In Maastricht’s city park (Stadspark) there is a cast-iron statue of d’Artagnan drawing his sword. Dumas wrote, “A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.” That is what the statue of d’Artagnan looks like he is thinking. Or is he thinking, as Dumas also wrote, “I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.” Once a decade a world horticultural exposition, Floriade, is held in the Netherlands. The sixth Floriade, themed “Living Nature,” will be held from mid-April until mid-October 2012 in Venlo. “In addition to the most exquisite and exceptional flowers, plants, trees, fruit and vegetables, each day at the expo features a cultural program of music, dance, literature, theater and visual art from all over the world,” Sven Stimac, director of projects for Floriade 2012, told the Association of European Journalists. Floriade 2012 aims to get visitors to use “all their senses, so they can experience the influence horticulture has on the quality of their daily lives; be part of the theater in nature, get closer to the quality of life,” according to its organizers. Venlo, the site of the world expo, is located in the province of Limburg, close to the borders of Belgium and Germany. “More than 30 million people live within a two-hour distance by car,” Stimac said, adding, “The Greenport Venlo agrologistics area and the Lower Rhine Agrobusiness region together form the largest area of horticultural production in Europe.” Besides the horticultural highlights, there is another reason to visit Floriade 2012: the green buildings and landscaping. Exhibitions of this nature often leave a legacy in the form of spectacular buildings, such as the Eiffel Tower in Paris, the Atomium in Brussels and, after Floriade 1960, the Euromast in Rotterdam, Stimac said. “This Floriade will also have a number of imposing structures. The buildings and landscapes will leave a legacy by becoming the site of GreenPark Venlo: an innovative, sustainably developed business park where economy, ecology and knowledge transfer go hand in hand,” the organizers said. Floriade 2012’s organizers anticipate more than 2 million visitors, and 35,000 peak-day visitors. Press Freedom and ‘Jeans’ in Ukraine There was much revelry at the Association of European Journalists’ meeting in Maastricht, notably at the dinner hosted by the Provincial Council of Limburg in the building where the Maastricht Treaty was signed on Feb. 7, 1992, and at the APG Group-hosted dinner among the ruins of an ancient Roman temple and forum. But there was also much to dampen the spirits of the journalists, especially the presentations on media freedom in Europe and two former Soviet republics, Belarus and Ukraine. In their report on freedom of speech in Ukraine, where the media benefited from the Orange Revolution, Arthur Rudzitsky, Diana Dutsyk and Mykhailyua Skoryk wrote that journalists are often pressured by media company owners. “Most owners of the media in Ukraine have political interests and partially implement them through the media,” they wrote. Media companies are so cash-strapped that they mostly depend on “donations” for their operating capital. “The number of such media is increasing because of the advertising market’s fall by 40 percent for the first half of 2009, compared to the same period in 2008,” they wrote, adding, “The main donors for the media are Ukrainian businessmen and state and local budgets. This grant nature of media has led to mass layoffs in the media … and the closure of many television projects and programs.” While the Ukraine’s Ministry of Justice opened access to the state register of print media and news agencies last December, “this information is still not enough to make a complete picture of the owners of Ukrainian media companies. In particular, owners of leading Ukrainian TV channels, according to the documents, are offshore companies; so it is difficult to determine who actually owns them,” they wrote. In 2009, there was a spike in the number cases of violence against journalists. These appalling cases include: - On Feb. 16, someone blew up a car owned by Valery Vorotnyk, owner of the Antenna media group, headquartered in Cherkasy. - On March 16, unknown assailants beat up Anatoly Ulayanov, journalist, art critic and editor of the Kiev-based Prosa Web site, who has criticized the National Expert Committee on the Protection of Public Morals. - On June 24, Kiev Pharmacy guards used tear gas against a TV crew attempting to film a stand-up in front of the company. The saddest statement in their report was “most journalists rarely come to court in cases when the violation of their rights takes place because they do not believe in justice and do not consider it worth their time; and the rest of the journalists simply do not know how to do it. The cases that reach the court are not always resolved in favor of journalists.” Not stated in their report was the corruption of journalists. “ ‘Dschinza’, which means ‘jeans,’ is the name commonly used for the system of paid contributions, as the money vanishes immediately into the jeans pocket of the journalists. That this practice forms part of everyday journalistic life is an open secret among those working in the media in Ukraine,” journalists Cristoph Kersting and Dorthe Ziemer wrote in the latest edition of Kontakt, the newsletter of the social and cultural arm of the Erste Bank Group in Central and Eastern Europe. “Volodymyr Mostovoj, editor in chief of the critical political weekly newspaper Zerkalo Nedeli, also complains about the dubious work methods of many of his colleagues. He believes that one reason for the attitude of many journalists to professional ethics lies in their poor training. ‘When I studied journalism, in what was still the Soviet Union, there were three faculties in the entire Ukraine where I could study. Today there are, believe it or not, 41 – of questionable quality,’ ” wrote Kersting and Ziemer, whose report has been picked up by Deutsche Welle and other media outlets. Apple Park Hotel’s Polished Service The Association of European Journalists’ meeting was held at the Golden Tulip Apple Park Hotel, located in a sports park area not far from Maastricht’s historical center. The hotel’s Big Apple theme had a few sour notes, like the dark halls with shadow boxes filled with New York mementos hanging outside the guest rooms. The one outside my room contained pictures from the rowdy American television comedy of the 1960s, “The Three Stooges,” and Grand Street in Manhattan’s Lower East Side. As a child, I could not stomach the three knuckleheads. It was even harder to do so as a hungover adult entering a hotel room. The hotel service was sweet and polished, especially at the front desk and in the Dreamz restaurant.
Building excellence in New zealand boys' schools CIRCLE have now commenced the research project “Building Excellence in New Zealand Boys’ Schools”, with the vast majority of our boys’ schools involved. Phil Cummins spoke about this project at the 2017 International Boys’ Schools Conference in Baltimore and there was a lot of interest from schools overseas as well. This research will stretch over two years, with a final report in May 2019. We want to find out what and why we’re doing well in our schools as well as looking at how we can do even better. All participating schools will get access to the overall findings and at the end of the research, each school will get access to an individual report on their school (this will be anonymous to other schools). It is hoped that we can present some preliminary findings at this year’s IBSC conference at The Southport School on the Gold Coast, as well at our annual conference in Wellington in May.
Works by Pandolfi Mealli, Stradella, Albertini and Castaldi Ambronay AMY 308 [dropcap]R[/dropcap]epicco consists of Baroque violinist Kinga Ujszászi and theorbist Jadran Duncrumb. They have devised the present programme of music from the 17th century by pairing two composers who were murderers with two others who were murdered. At first I thought this was quite a gratuitous way to link these composers, as the two victims were not even the victims of the two murderers, but – on listening to the music and reading the short biographies of the four men – it seemed they had one thing in common, a love of danger, and this character feature comes across in much of the music. Ironically, it is the man who seems from his biographical details to have been the wildest of this musical wild bunch, Bellerofonte Castaldi, who contributes a very mild-mannered short sonata and a tuneful Furiosa corrente to proceedings. The fiery and impetuous idiom of the others, by contrast, seems symptomatic of their violent and lawless behaviour. However they may have gathered this repertoire, Repicco play it with great musicality and virtuosity, while the full sound of the theorbo had me constantly having to remind myself that there was just one player and one instrument providing the continuo. In addition to the catalogue of murderers and the murdered, Biagio Marini earns an honorary place on the CD by virtue of the ‘extravagance of his music’, while violinist Kinga Ujszászi contributes a perfectly pleasant but rather irrelevant improvisation at one point. If the linking principle is a bit of a gimmick, it is a good excuse for the very effective performance of an unusual selection of excellent 17th-century music. D. James Ross
Certain people seem to get bitten by mosquitoes more often for no specific reason other than the fact that they attract these insects more. This confuses people and they desire to get greater insight in the matter. If you are one of the unlucky few, read on and find out all you need to know about what attracts mosquitoes to people. Mosquitoes and Humans Mosquitoes are insects which inflict painful bites to humans and other warmblooded animals. This way, they are capable of transferring numerous diseases, including dengue, malaria and others. Subsequently, people do their best to avoid being bitten by a mosquito by guarding themselves well, both against the diseases and against the insects. Nevertheless, mosquitoes find it easy to reach their pray no matter how well we hide. What Attracts Mosquitoes? Basically, only female mosquitoes bite us and take our blood. This happens for a reason, since they need blood in order to lay eggs. However, mosquitoes find us by following scents that we emit from our bodies. In fact, more than 340 different scents from our skin are capable of attracting these little pests. Additionally, mosquitoes are attracted by carbon dioxide, following its presence while they are seeking their prey. Along with carbon dioxide, during our exhalation process we, among other chemical scents, release a specific chemical called lactic acid attracting mosquitoes who follow this lead. We release this acid during physical activity or when we consume foods rich in potassium or salt. Again connected to us breathing out, together with carbon dioxide we release octenol, which is a type of alcohol sensed by mosquitoes who are up to a hundred feet away. Nevertheless, heat and moisture play a part in this unwanted attraction. Our sweat and body temperature are both signals for mosquitoes to follow in order to find us. Additionally, these insects can track the changes in light as we move around, locating us with more ease. Moreover, there are theories that you are likely to attract mosquitoes more if you are wearing something black. Finally, some studies say that people who have high levels of steroids or cholesterol appearing on their surface are much more prone to mosquito bites. Also, the more perfume you wear, the more likely you are to get tracked and bitten. Finally, beer lovers – beware, since these insects get attracted to your beverage of choice as well. All in all, many aspects of our existence attract mosquitoes. Now that you know most of these factors, perhaps you can keep yourself safer, avoiding getting bitten by avoiding getting noticed by mosquitoes in the first place.
Everybody has their own way of dealing with MCAS [Mast Cell Activation Syndrome]. Some document their symptoms and share pictures of their reactions. Others discuss treatment options that have helped or made them worse. Personally, I either disappear off the face of the earth – that’s when I’m truly struggling – or pretend that everything’s okay because I’d rather not concern my family or friends. But seeing as it is World Mental Health Day [10 October 2018] and we’re being encouraged open up for the sake of our mental wellbeing, I’m going to share a secret. I’m not always fine. In fact, more often than not, I’m petrified of this frustrating horrible disease and just internalise it. Of course, you wouldn’t know it by looking at my recent Instagram feed which is filled with images of stunning Bajan beaches – the snaps were taken on my most recent holiday. (Regular readers will know I struggle to relax but Barbados, which was the inspiration for the name of this blog, is the one place in the world where I truly switch off). However, the pictures only tell half the story because behind the scenes I was also dealing with very nasty tongue swelling and throat closing episodes that left me feeling frightened, groggy and anxious. I thought I was beginning to beat this damned condition. [Read more about MCAS here] The month before I’d gone for 10 days without a serious reaction, managed to play two tennis matches – popping a super strong antihistamine beforehand as a precautionary measure – and even reintroduced certain foods. I was beginning to feel like my old self, especially as I was returning to activities that used to bring me such joy. But a couple of days before the holiday, my trusty car stopped working. Just like that… Turned out a cambelt (no, I had no idea what that was either) had gone, there was engine damage and I needed to buy a new vehicle. WTH? I was strapped for cash (having moved house earlier this year), and still chasing invoices from publications that hadn’t paid me for four months. My head began to spin. I started panicking about the car being stranded at the garage while I was away, the storage fees it might incur, how I’d commute to the news shifts I had booked in immediately after my holiday (I live alone) and whether I’d be able to find a car within one day of my return. Then boom…my mast cells decided to throw a party gifting me a tongue swelling reaction the night before my flight. It happened again on the plane – despite taking meds as a precaution before the journey – and then every day of the trip bar one – in some instances occurring twice in 24 hours. On the last two nights, intense palpitations – another symptom of MCAS – were to be my wake-up call, not the sound of the ocean. Although I refuse to be defined by this condition, the truth is that living with MCAS is exhausting and frightening. When I’m in a continuous flare, the thought of suffocating to death (or my meds failing through overuse) is never far from my mind. Even if I manage to control a reaction, I’m left wiped out for days. The accompanying brain fog is a joke – I struggle to formulate words – not great when I rely on them for a living. The stabbing pains in my joints aren’t much fun either. Oh, and every day I wake up with a sore throat or feel as though I’m fighting something. So why am I telling you this now? Well, when the going gets tough I stop speaking – I AM a chatterbox so this is out of character for me. I vanish from social circles and, seemingly, stop blogging. (Apologies for the dearth of recent posts – now you know why) I’ve since recognised this withdrawal trait in a couple of my (non-MCAS) friends. I suspected one was struggling recently so I sent a text to let him know how grateful I was to have him in my life and thanked him for being amazing. He responded saying he had woken up to my message, texting back a row of love hearts. He was having a hard time and thanked me for making him feel better. This MCAS journey has taught me about anxiety – something I never used to struggle with – and how to identify the individuals who might be struggling with their own mental wellbeing. It’s made me realise that if someone is behaving out of character or is being non-committal that there could be more to their actions – or lack of them – than meets the eye. We shouldn’t judge but simply be kind. A simple ‘are you okay’ could make all the difference.
What is the Blink XT2? The Blink XT2 is the next-generation of the XT and offers new and improved features such as two-way audio, customizable motion detection, live view recording and can record a total of 53,870 seconds of video on a single set of 1.5v AA lithium batteries (compared to 40,000 seconds of the XT), allowing customers to use it twice as much and still enjoy the same 2-year battery life, all for an even lower price! Can I purchase the XT2? US/Can/UK - The Blink XT2 is available right now. You can go to Amazon.com, Amazon.ca or Amazon.co.uk and search for Blink XT2 to place your order. EU - Please stay tuned to blinkforhome.com for more information or sign up to receive our newsletter to find out about future releases. Why can't I purchase the Blink XT anymore? The Blink XT2 is the next-generation of the XT and offers new and improved features such as two-way audio, customizable motion detection, double the battery usage, and live view recording, all for an even lower price! We believe this is the best option for our customers and have shifted our production to XT2. I just purchased a Blink XT system will the Blink XT2 camera work with this? Yes, the XT2 will work with your existing Blink System as it uses the same sync module. You can have up to 10 Blink devices per sync module as long as they are all within the 100ft operating range of the sync module in any direction. The cameras on the sync module can be in any combination. Do I need a new/additional Sync module? No. If you have an existing Blink system, simply use the add device function in the Blink App to add XT2. If you are new to Blink, you need to order one of the system configurations. Is the sync module that comes with the Blink XT2 different/better than the sync module I have with my XT System? No. It is the same hardware as previous Sync Modules. Will accessories designed for the Blink XT work with this version? No, they will not. We will have XT2 specific accessories at a future date. Does the XT2 have a SD memory slot? No there is no SD or micro SD slot What is Customizable motion detection? With XT2 the Activity Zone feature allows for a more granular masking of the zones. Does the camera record through glass? No, motion detection is not possible through glass but you can use Live View while behind glass. Why did you decide to stop selling the Blink XT and not the Blink indoor camera? The Blink XT2 is the next generation of the XT camera. The Blink indoor camera is specific to indoors and is offered at a lower price starting at $79.99. Why is the Blink XT2 camera cheaper than the Blink XT cameras? We believe in offering our customers the greatest value and have worked hard to ensure you not only have a better product with exciting new features, but also get this at an even better price! Will my XT covers fit the XT2? No, the XT covers do not have a hole on the bottom for the speaker that is on the XT2. New covers are being produced specifically for the XT2, however, at this time we do not have any other details on release. Stay tuned to Blink for Home for more details. I just purchased the Blink XT can I exchange? We do apologize as we do not have an exchange program. As these are different products, if you are within 30-days of purchase you can certainly return your XT camera/system for a full refund and then purchase the Blink XT2 camera/system if you wish. What is the difference between the XT and the XT2? The Blink XT2 has two-way audio and the ability to record while in live view. The XT2 camera also features customizable motion detection and double the battery usage of the XT on a single set of batteries when recording video. Why does Blink XT2 look exactly like XT? Our customers have provided overwhelming feedback stating they love our XT size and portability, we decided to stay with that form factor. How do I know what I have? The XT2 has a gray ring around the lens and a thin gray frame/line on the face of the camera body and is labeled XT2 on the back. Will the Blink XT2 use the same mounting bracket as the original Blink XT? No, it uses a newly designed mount that allows the camera to reach customizable angles more easily. Does this mean that Blink is not launching the Doorbell promised a year ago? We are not able to speak to the roadmap, however we are really excited about releasing XT2 and all of the features it has to offer such as two-way audio, customizable motion detection, double the battery usage of the XT, and live view recording! Is it Alexa compatible? Yes, via use of the Blink Smarthome skill found here. Are you still going to offer support for my Blink XT System or will my Blink XT camera still be covered under the existing warranty? Yes, our Tech Support Team is available 24 Hours / 7 days a week. Phone: (781) 33 BLINK or (781-332-5465) If you're calling from outside of the United States, dial +1-781-332-5465 from mobile or 00-781-332-5465 from a landline. If you're calling from the UK, you can call us at +441158384189 Submit a Tech Support Request: You can fill out a Support Request here.
Revenue and net income at GNC Holdings Inc. again dropped compared to first-quarter results a year ago—and those results were lower than the previous year’s. The global supplements company released its Q1 financials Thursday morning: - Total revenue was $564.8 million, down 7% from 2018’s $607.5 million. Revenue in the first quarter of 2017 was $654.9 million, 13.7% higher than the current amount. - A net loss of $15.3 million, compared with net income of $6.2 million—a drop of 346.8%. The company saw net income of $24.7 million in Q1 of 2017. - Adjusted net income was $19 million for this quarter, compared with $20.1 million a year ago and $26 million in 2017. - Gross profit was 36% of sales, compared with 34.1% a year ago. - Domestic same-store sales decreased 1.6% from a year ago. First-quarter 2018 same-store sales were 0.5% higher than in 2017. During the quarter, which ended March 31, GNC closed 87 corporate-owned stores. Those closings triggered about $14 million of the quarter’s revenue loss and a drop of 1.6% in same-store sales that translates to a $6.2 million loss of revenue, the company reported. The company was pleased with its EBITDA margin of 11%, CEO Ken Martindale said during the morning earnings call. He pointed out that comparable sales at domestic franchise stores rose for the first time in years. Martindale said the company expected same-store sales to drop, but the 1% growth in ecommerce sales was disappointing. “Our ecommerce business has been softer in recent quarters due to headwinds with the Amazon.com marketplace,” Chief Financial Officer Tricia Tolivar said. GNC is searching for a chief digital officer, Martindale said. On the positive side, GNC-branded products accounted for 52% of domestic sales, up from 50% a year ago. Earlier this week, the company announced it will introduce a line of topical CBD products in the District of Columbia and 23 states. “We are well-positioned to capitalize on the growing consumer demand for CBD-related products,” Martindale said during Thursday’s call. “And we are taking great care to find strong partners and identify products that are right for the GNC brand and for our customers.” Internationally, the company is seeing growth with its franchise partners, Martindale said. Two weeks ago, an existing store in Shanghai, China, re-opened as the company’s first “global showroom,” where customers can talk to a nutritionist, see a wide range of GNC products and order electronically to be shipped to their homes. Later this year, GNC plans to release its first shipments to the company’s partners in Japan and Australia. Tolivar said she expects gross profit of 32% to 35% during the rest of 2019. The company ended the first quarter with $154.3 million in free cash flow, she said.
Kosibah is a couture bridal and evening wear brand with its main Atelier based in a West Harlem, NYC and an Atelier in London, England. Kosibah also design and create couture Reception/ Second Bridal Gowns and Mother of the Bride and Groom outfits. 92 Morningside Avenue New York, New York 10027 We offer the very best in DJ entertainment, live music, photo booths, event special effects and more. 850 Bronx River Road Bronxville, New York 10708 Can't find what you're looking for? Give us some details and we'll match you with a vendor
Garbutt & Elliott strengthen their position within the charitable sector Leading Yorkshire accountants and business advisers Garbutt & Elliott have been praised for their “fantastic and innovative support” for York Mind. Nigel Shaw, partner in charge of charities at Garbutt & Elliott, who have offices in York and Leeds, said: “With our support for York Mind and Candlelighters in Leeds, together with our pro bono work for a host of charities across the region, we estimate that our charitable work is worth more than £100,000 a year. It is an absolutely pivotal part of our corporate ethos.” During the past 12 months Garbutt & Elliott has chosen York Mind and Candlelighters as its official charities to support. Holly Pollard, chief fund-raiser at York Mind, commented: “York Mind has been thrilled to have had support from colleagues at Garbutt & Elliott since early 2014. The range of fundraising ideas the team have pursued have been innovative, collaborative and most of all great fun. She added: “The support that Garbutt & Elliott have given to York Mind has been fantastic and we look forward to the next successful six months of this valuable partnership”. Meanwhile Stephanie Jones the Corporate Fundraiser at Candlelighters said: “Candlelighters is Yorkshire’s leading Children’s Cancer Charity providing support for patients and their families across Yorkshire. “It really is great to have Garbutt & Elliott’s continued support since 2014 and we are really thrilled to have their involvement during such an exciting time for the charity. The funds raised will be directed towards the running of a new support centre that Candlelighters is very excited to be able to offer to our families and patients later this year”,” she added. Nigel said: “We are extremely proud of our Corporate Social Responsibility policies and initiatives, which are proving very worthwhile and bring us closer to our charity partners.”
Ph.D. With A Creative Dissertation The Department of English in partnership with the Beverly Rogers, Carol C. Harter Black Mountain Institute, offers the Doctorate of Philosophy in English with a Creative Dissertation, supported by a Graduate Assistantship combined with the Black Mountain Institute Fellowship. Students must declare a genre concentration in Poetry, Fiction, or Literary Nonfiction. The three-year course of studies toward the Ph.D. puts its major focus on English and American Literature, but can include directed reading in Comparative Literature, with directed work in creative writing, a qualifying examination, and a creative dissertation. Writers also gain valuable experience in literary publishing as editors of “Witness”. Two new Ph.D. BMI Fellows are admitted each year, in alternating genres. Our current admissions schedule is to admit students for entering classes as follows: Literary Nonfiction – 2019, 2021; Fiction – 2019, 2020; Poetry – 2020, 2021. Applications for a genre not in the admissions rotation will be returned. All Ph.D. BMI fellows are supported by an annual stipend of $26,500, in-state tuition, and health insurance. The Ph.D. with Creative Dissertation is designed to prepare students for careers in writing, teaching at the university level, editing, publishing, arts administration, and/or any profession that is informed by and advantaged by an understanding of literature, arts, and the humanities. Requirements for admission include an earned M.A. or M.F.A. in English, Creative Writing, or related field. Past Ph.D.s with Creative Dissertation Fellows include Olivia Claire, David Armstrong, Alissa Nutting, Matt Shears, Vu Tran, Heather Winterer, and many others. For more information about the Ph.D. and how to apply, see UNLV’s Graduate Catalog. For more description and learning outcomes, visit the Ph.D. English with Creative Dissertation's website.
Biography: Edward St. John Gorey (1925–2000) was a Chicago-born writer and artist noted for his illustrated books, as well as his theatrical designs. His characteristic pen-and-ink drawings often depict vaguely unsettling narrative scenes in Victorian and Edwardian settings. He illustrated over 100 of his own works, and over 300 books for other authors. An artist of international stature, his writings have been translated into 15 languages. At 17, Gorey enrolled at the Art Institute of Chicago before entering the U.S. Army. He served during World War II from 1943 until after the end of the war—primarily at the Dugway Proving Grounds in Utah. In 1946 he enrolled at Harvard (majoring in French Literature) and began pursuing numerous artistic interests, publishing stories, poems, designing sets, directing and writing for the influential Poets Theatre (with John Ashbery, Frank O’Hara, Alison Lurie, Violet Lang and others). His work appeared for the first time in a published book in 1950. In 1952, Gorey joined Doubleday's new imprint Doubleday Anchor in New York City and rapidly became a significant figure in their art department, designing more than fifty covers and becoming recognized as a major commercial illustrator. He then worked at Looking Glass Library and Bobs-Merrill before turning freelance in the mid-1960s —a position he maintained for the rest of his life. Gorey began writing and illustrating his own works in 1953 with The Unstrung Harp, a 64-page novella about the creative struggles of a novelist. In 1962, he established his own private press imprint (The Fantod Press), selling many of his copies through the Gotham Book Mart with which he had a close relationship since his Army days in the early 1940s. In 1967, Gorey had his first show at the art gallery of the Gotham Book Mart, where he would exhibit until his death. As a result of this association, Gotham Book Mart began to occasionally publish new Gorey works and eventually arranged for Gorey publications with Samuel Beckett, John Updike and others. Gorey began his theater design work in off-Broadway productions, and eventually in summertime small Cape Cod productions of his own experimental plays. In 1973 he designed a production of Dracula for a small theater on Nantucket Island; in 1977, the play opened on Broadway as Edward Gorey’s Dracula. A huge commercial success with extraordinary reviews, it won two Tony Awards (Best Revival and Best Costumes), ran for almost three years in New York and then with road companies across America, in London, Australia and elsewhere. In 1972 he published his first of many anthologies of his work. In 1975 Gorey became involved in print making and for the next twenty-five years he explored and produced a variety of limited-edition prints. In 1980 Gorey designed animated introductions for Boston Public Television’s Mystery! series. This collaboration with animator Derek Lamb resulted in Gorey's most iconic work. In 1983 left New York to live permanently in a house he had purchased in Yarmouth on Cape Cod. In the following years, he continued to write experimental plays, publish widely, exhibit his art, and produce commercial projects. An advocate of animal welfare, Gorey left his estate to The Edward Gorey Charitable Trust which he established for the welfare of all living creatures. After his death in 2000 his Cape Cod home was converted into the Edward Gorey House, a museum whose profits and programs help benefit animals rights and literacy causes.
horizon hotel group Two Roads Hospitality Assumes Management of The Elms Hotel & Spa in Excelsior Springs, Missouri as Part of Destination Hotels Brand Destination Hotels | April 30, 2018 DENVER, CO. – April 30, 2018 - Two Roads Hospitality, the international lifestyle company featuring an unrivaled collection of truly individual hotels, resorts and vacation residences, has assumed management of The Elms Hotel & Spa in Excelsior Springs, Missouri as part of its Destination Hotels brand. Located 30 minutes from Kansas City and owned by Chicago-based Horizon-Midway Group with Horizon Hotel Group as its asset management company, The Elms is located 30 minutes from Kansas City, offering luxury and comfort in a historically vibrant setting with 16 acres of landscaped grounds and gardens. The property has served as a... Horizon Hotel Group, LLC Named Manager of Historic Bimini Big Game Club Resort & Marina, the Bahamas Horizon Hotel Group | November 24, 2014 (Chicago) James Gould, Principal of Horizon Hotel Group, is pleased to announce that the firm has recently assumed management responsibilities for the Bimini Big Game Club Resort & Marina located in Alice Town, Bimini, the Bahamas. The Big Game Club was founded as a supper club in 1936 and was relocated to its current location in 1947. The 51-room resort and marina is owned by Los Angeles-based Hankey Group of Companies - a privately held financial services, real estate and insurance organization. After a $3.5 million renovation inclusive of all guest rooms, the new Bimini Big Game Bar & Grill, Hemingway Rum Bar and Social Loung... U.S. Hotel Interest Coverage / Robert Mandelbaum and John B. Corgel, Ph.D. Case Study: AKA, the Global Leader in Luxury Hotel Residences, Provides a Personalized Resident Experience Using Maestro Multi-Property Cloud PMS RM Strategies & Best Practices for Pre-Opening Your Property Nobody Asked Me, But… No. 218; Hotel History: Raymond Orteig and Charles Lindbergh As the first news aggregate for the hotel industry, Hotel-Online is the industry’s must-read daily news source for everything hotel curated for busy professionals. Sign up today for industry news delivered to your inbox.
BOOKNMEET Oral And Maxillofacial Surgeon FAQ HOW DO I FIND BEST DENTAL SPECIALIST DOCTOR IN Ernakulam ? India's best Online appointment platform helps finding a specialist doctor so easy for everyone. Simple categories such as Specialty, Clinic name, Hospital name and Name of the consultant search inputs will derive the best answers instantly. On the following search result page, you may refine your choice of selection based on factors such as proximity and information that matters to you most. HOW DO I BOOK CONFIRMED APPOINTMENT WITH DENTAL SPECIALIST DOCTOR IN Ernakulam ? Check out their availability by looking at the calendar on their India's best Online appointment platform profile page.Select the date and time (slots, defined by consultant. easy to identify the best practice hours) when you want to book an appointment (available slots and non-available slots are demarked with different colours).Fill up the simple form ( no user log in, India's best Online appointment platform does not require profile creation ) with relevant info for communication by clinic / hospital. An OTP (one time password) is generated to verify your valid mobile number to furnish your request.The Consultant gets intimated with an SMS and Email about Online Appointment request in-order to confirm / reschedule / cancel the Confirmed Online appointment request.India's best Online appointment platform will notify you on your mobile no and Email ( provided during the time of appointment request) Does Qualified Dental Practitioner perform Oral Surgery in Ernakulam ? Minor Oral surgeries, are usually done under local anaesthesia. Does Qualified Dental Practitioner perform Root Canal Treatment in Ernakulam ? Endodontist Perform Root Canal Treatment ( RCT ). When is Root Canal Treatment (Endodontics) recommended ? Endodontics is needed when the blood or nerve supply of the tooth (known as the pulp) is infected through decay or injury. Online Dental Appointment required for Endodontics ( Root Canal Treatment ) in Ernakulam ? Confirmed Dental Appointment on India's best Online appointment platform is highly recommended for recurring sessions for Endodontics. Root canal treatment is a routine dental procedure. Regular Dental Check-up is a healthy habit ? It is highly recommended and Dental hygiene, also Remember to clean your teeth at least once a day, preferably with fluoride toothpaste. Set Confirmed Dental appointment in Ernakulam on India's best online appointment platform. HOW DO I FIND AN ORTHODONTIST IN Ernakulam ? Qualified Dental Professional specializes in Orthodontics can be consulted in Ernakulam with Confirmed Dental Appointment on India's Best Online Appointment Platform. How fast is Teeth Whitening in Ernakulam ? TEETH WHITENING is a one-time procedure and the most popular cosmetic dental procedures because it can greatly improve how your teeth look. Most dentists perform tooth whitening. Where can i get Smile Makeover in Ernakulam ? Qualified Cosmetic Dentist perform Diagnostic mock-up to design smiles. Cosmetic dentistry creates attractive smiles that function in a state of health. DENTAL IMPLANTS solutions in Ernakulam ? Dental Implant can be placed at the same time as removal of the tooth all in one day. Implants involve undergoing surgery twice or more over a period of several months. Dental online Appointment is recommended for this procedure spanning over longer duration and multiple consultation. How to get Pediatric Dental Appointment in Ernakulam ? Pediatric Dental Clinic specializes in treating young adults with Dentistry needs. Are dental consultants available on weekends in Ernakulam ? Most of the Dental Clinics are operational on Saturdays. With Confirmed online Dental appointment consultation available on Sundays. Fees for routine dental check-up in Ernakulam ? Dental Clinic charges Rs. 200 to Rs. 500 including registration fees. Confirmed Dental online appointment is free.
The January transfer window may be closed, but the speculation over the future of Chelsea star Eden Hazard looks set to continue between now and the end of the season. The 28-year-old Belgian star has been continually linked with a move to Spain in recent months, with Real Madrid reportedly keen on a mega money deal to make him their next 'Galactico'. And after Hazard teased supporters earlier this week with a cryptic message, the subject of where the Chelsea star will be playing football next season continues to be a hot topic of debate. "I know what I’m going to do. I have decided," he revealed in an interview with RMC. "For now, the only thing to think about is playing well for Chelsea. "I have a year-and-a-half left on my contract, everyone knows. My decision will be known soon, but it’s not something that affects my mind. "I think about it, but without thinking about it. When I’m in the field, I just want to play. We’ll see what happens after." But this is not the first time Hazard has been asked about his future and he has kept people guessing on the subject. The former Lille forward has previously admitted that he is torn between what to do. In the past he has spoken of a desire to play for Real Madrid, and last year he revealed he wants what is best for both himself and the club. “So I will see,” he told the BBC in October. “Sometimes in my head, I wake up in the morning and think I want to go. Sometimes I think I want to stay.” But bookmakers believe that after his latest teasing message, that he will be on his way from Stamford Bridge this summer. And Betway now have the La Liga giants as odds-on to sign Hazard in the summer transfer window, to reunite the Belgian with his compatriot - and former Chelsea team-mate - Thibaut Courtois. Real Madrid are now the 4/6 favourites to sign the Belgian in the summer, with Betway offering odds of 11/10 that he will remain at Chelsea, and 14/1 that he moves to France to join Paris Saint-Germain. Betway's Alan Alger said: "After keeping the media guessing, it seems Eden Hazard has finally decided to pull the plug on his time at Chelsea and we go just 4/6 that he will be at Real Madrid come the start of the 2019/20 season. "With rumours continuing to swirl around the Belgian's future, we've given the Blues an 11/10 chance to hang onto the 28-year-old for another season, while PSG can be backed at 14/1 to swoop in from under both clubs' noses." However, it is understood that the Spanish giants are said to be unwilling to go above Chelsea’s £90 million valuation, and it remains to be seen whether the London club will lower their asking price.
Kevin has practiced personal injury law in the Lower Mainland for 10 years. In that time, he’s helped hundreds of clients settle all types of claims, both simple and complex. Kevin’s a committed advocate with a disarming manner. He settles claims in the most direct and cordial way possible. During a trial, he guides his clients through the process with regular updates from start to finish. Kevin has trial experience in both the Provincial and Supreme Courts. He’s appeared before the Court of Appeal and has conducted applications before the Worker’s Compensation Appeal Tribunal.
This paper shows a generalization of the classic isotropic plasticity theory to be applied to orthotropic or anisotropic materials. This approach assumes the existence of a real anisotropic space, and other fictitious isotropic space where a mapped fictitious problem is solved. Both spaces are related by means of a linear transformation using a fourth order transformation tensor that contains all the information concerning the real anisotropic material. The paper describes the basis of the spaces transformation proposed and the expressions of the resulting secant and tangent constitutive equations. Also details of the numerical integration of the constitutive equation are provided. Examples of application showing the good performance of the model for analysis of orthotropic materials and fibre‐reinforced composites are given.
Prairie Star offers new homes in Berthoud, CO. It is an amenity-rich community that is master-planned. This community is conveniently located in Berthoud and only minutes away from the TPC Golf Course that is coming soon and close to several large cities. Berthoud is an easy commute to Fort Collins, Loveland, Longmont, Boulder and Denver, as Hwy 287 and Interstate 25 are just minutes away. Richfield Homes is excited to offer a variety of new, single family homes that are affordable and can cater to your lifestyle. Prairie Star provides a diverse combination of contemporary development, classic hometown living, and outstanding views of the front range. It has shopping and restaurants minutes away, without having the hustle and bustle of a big city. Berthoud is an outdoor enthusiast’s perfect community with activities such as hiking, biking and fishing only a short drive away. Berthoud is home to 10 developed and undeveloped parks, Bein Baseball Complex & Soccer Field, Town Park Baseball Fields, Town Park Swimming Pool and a Skate Park. The town offers an abundance of activities for adults and youth. Berthoud promotes a strong sense of community and hosts numerous events such as Berthoud Day, Berthoud SunFest, Berthoud Open Golf Tournament, Softball tournaments, Traditional German Oktoberfest and Berthoud SnowFest. Prairie Star will have a deep sense of neighborliness with the planned neighborhood parks, play areas, open space, picnic tables, community gardens, dog park and meandering hike and bike trails. This community is also planned to have a Village Center. - Elementary School: Carrie Martin - Junior High School: Bill Reed - High School: Thompson Valley
Oak & Blossom is a destination wedding photography and video provider based out of the U.K. We think marriage is awesome and believe your wedding day should be captured with creativity, fun and excellence. Great wedding visuals begin with connection, so send us an email and let's get a conversation started! We can't wait to hear from you. For all other enquiries: email@example.com
The four adventurers boarded a longboat and rowed towards the island in bright sunshine. At their backs the sea sparkled. Most of the crew had come up to watch them row away. As with most of the dread isles, the island of Cro’ah appeared to be mostly volcanic, covered in a thick dark green carpet of jungle. Layers of mud lay here and there in shallow areas, while jagged tips of eroded pumice waited for the unwary walker. A few insects and birds called and chirped. Everything looked wet, as if it had just rained minutes ago. Whatever lay inside the tangled webs of branches and leaves was quiet, well hidden behind the cacophony of the smaller things that wailed on and on. With little in the way of trouble, Zy’an was able to find a perch for the longboat. Frank helped to tie it off, and the others, Thrak and Iricah, stepped up and out one at a time. So began the climb up a rocky face which looked out upon the sea, the ship and a few islands off in the distance. The two were the worst at this type of feat and so they were sandwiched by someone in front and behind. They followed behind Zy’an and in front of Thrak. The monk figured they would find an animal trail that would lead them to easier ground. He also was hoping memory would return to him. There were images available. His hands grasping a vine, a few trees, but the truth was there was little else yet. Mostly, what he remembered wasn’t helping find a way into the island. The darkness. Thrak came up last, tripping along without his tail to support his weight at a steep incline. No one commented though, for these were the moments when they all knew they needed their wits about them. Step by step they meandered along the rocky ledge, winding back and forth along its side. They stepped as nimbly as they could through the roots that wrapped themselves like a spider web along the rock face. Iricah’s bags snagged once or twice, and Frank’s armor made the going tough for all of them as they needed to constantly stop and fashion a rope tie to him so he wouldn’t fall back into the sea. Finally, they made their way to a bluff, where they did indeed find an animal path into the interior and soon onto a flat mesa of dark black rock underfoot. Around them, immense leaves covered them and blocked out the sun. Zy’an walked nimbly ahead. He wasn’t sure exactly what he was looking for, but he figured he’d know it when he saw it. After some time, he realized it wasn’t going to be something he saw as much as something he felt. Memories flooded back to him. Memories of being here, hunting. Hunting in the darkness. The darkness that remained even in the daytime. The darkness in the light, Zyan. That is where you are going. “Do you feel that?” Said Frank who startled the monk from his reverie. Zy’an felt it indeed. A weight like something heavy placed on his shoulders. Something more too, he thought. A heaviness to his breathing, as though he were breathing through liquid rather than air. Steps felt sluggish and he noticed too that sounds had a feint echo, as though they were reverberating off walls around him. This was the place. Cro’ah. This was where he had learned the meaning of absolute darkness. Zy’an saw Frank look around. They all feel it, a darkening. He watched as the cleric conjured forth the guiding light of the flame which presently illuminated his hands. The silver rays shone outwards from each of them and it was then that he realized the darkness was not coming from the shadows of the leaves or something overhead. It was as if the whole area were simply cast in the grey of dusk. The dark in the day. Cro’ah. The name came back to him as well. “I guess I’m not the only one,” said Iricah. “What is this place?” Zy’an could tell she was uneasy. They all were. Many places in the world felt unnatural, but even in the most horrid of circumstances did Zy’an ever once feel like he did not belong. It was here. They feel it too. Because we do not belong here. “It is Cro’ah, Madame Archeaologist. The place of darkness even in the day.” “How will we find them?” Asked Frank. “The others?” “We have a call, for just such an occasion, Frank.” “Sounds like monk bullshit,” said Iricah. “It is, Iricah,” said Zy’an with just the slightest trace of humor in his voice. “Unless you are a monk.” There in the darkened jungle, under the overhanging fronds, Zy’an laid out his plan. So that he could find the faction of his monastery he hoped would be here, he must expose their position. There was little in the way of a choice, and so they all agreed to it. Not everyone liked announcing they were there. Something about this darkness told them to be cautious. Thrak was not excited about hiding in the first place. Nothing new for the warrior, he was nevertheless outvoted. Thus agreed, Zy’an scrambled up a palm tree and nestled himself in among a frond at it’s base. While the others hid in the bushes and leaves on the dark soil, Zy’an then made a cry like an island bird. Three swift caws. Hiding, they sat silent and waited. Nothing changed from the monotonous droning sounds of the insects and other creatures that inhabited the palms and canopy of the larger trees. A few minutes passed, and Zy’an hid in his perch above them, atop and behind some larger and tougher fronds. He was looking for the tell tale giveaway he had learned hunting game here, the way leaves rustled without wind, or a lack of insect noise giving away a larger beast’s position. Behind the leaf, above it, he could use the light that shone through to see the canopy floor below. To see the shadows created by moving things. But there was nothing. It’s darker here than I remember. The air is thicker as well. All this way. For nothing. Perhaps, he had read the signs wrong. He was about to give up hope. It was of course not a given he would find the other monk faction here. Just because a word had been scrawled on a wall in an abandoned monastery meant nothing he knew. He nearly called to the others to come out from hiding when two sounds came from the jungle and not from the same place. Something clearly was moving towards them, towards their direction. From the left, something smaller, from the right, something much larger. Zy’an froze. He risked a view from around the frond hoping his darkvision would give him the information he needed. Friend or foe? He gazed in the direction of the smaller noise first. Zooming in, he knew it instantly. The way it moved, zigged, zagged, nearly silent, but not to his trained ear. It was a monk, and not just any. This was a Way of the Long Death Monk. It was one of his people. Stealthy, nearly undetectable and that was the give away. Someone had answered his call. But still, friend or foe? The larger noise brought his attention back to it. While his view turned, the logical side of his brain blazed. This sound was brazen, purposeful. Before he saw it he knew. Maybe it was the way it’s dark grey form glided through the jungle, as if nothing stood in it’s path, as if it made it’s own path. That shouldn’t be the case. The jungle dictated the movements of those who passed through it, not the other way around. Maybe it was the size of the creature. As large as a hay-wagon fully loaded, a farmer’s cottage. It was enormous. Like a silent cloud, it just drifted right through the trees. Headed right for the others. It wasn’t any of those things though that made him know this was a foe beyond his imagination. It was the feel of the thing. The alien way it moved, it was as if the leaves wilted before it. The darkness seemed to follow it. It just didn’t belong here. Not in his world. Zy’an had just a moment to react. He withdrew a dart and thrust it sharply at the base of a tree where he knew the approaching monk could see. Thump. With nearly perfect aim, the monk stopped, looking at the dart at his feet. He disappeared into the bushes, just as Zy’an hoped he would. “Run!!!!!!!!! Run!!!!!!!!!!!” He yelled from the tree tops. “Move your asses!” he shouted and then he jumped himself, down from the canopy, branch to branch, until he was near to ground level. Then, he turned and twisted over a branch and oozed upon the ground to run into the bushes himself, and as he did so he felt it. A heaviness, pulling on him. He couldn’t help it. He turned and watched the dark grey form, the cart sized sphere float through the leaves. Atop it’s head stalks like great tentacles stuck out. Each was crowned by an eye which blinked and stared out menacingly in his direction, all 10 of them. But he wasn’t looking at them, for in the center of the thing, was a great and enormous eye. An eye of pure evil, of complete wickedness fixed on him. And in that moment, he had the sense of being underwater. He couldn’t help but think of it. The enormous pressure of the air, the floating stalks waving back and forth, the slow drift of the gigantic beast, hovering in the air as if it just should do that. His body felt slower to react too. He was nearly surprised when he thought to inhale and air came into his lungs not water. He watched it all in slow motion. A ray of seering heat shot out from one of the eyes atop a stalk, blasting an area of stone next to him. Splintered rock shot out and struck in trees, or blasted through the big jungle leaves behind him. Too close. And while he leapt to his feet and then up into the tree nearest to him he realized the sheer number of rays about to come his way. Each stalk had it’s own powerful ray he realized. This was a nightmare creature. And only one of me! Branch by branch, he jumped higher and higher, as the monster’s rays shot out and destroyed everything they found. One branch simply vanished when the ray crossed it just behind his footfall. Another seemed to freeze and then shatter into thousands of tiny pieces that then blew outwards in all directions. I’m running out of branches here. At the highest point of the tree, with explosions and bursts behind him, step after step, Zy’an twisted and zigged and propelled himself off the tree’s trunk and out into the air, over the canopy of the jungle, as far away as he could. The grey beast below followed him in, the eye, as large as a shield, grew red and in horror Zy’an looked back to see a ray, as wide as the eye shoot out for him. “Welcome to the surface!” yelled Iricah, who alongside of Thrak and Frank ran out from the bushes. Her shovel swung through the air and just as the beast’s ray shot outward towards Zy’an, it struck the shovel sending sparks off the metal spade in a golden shower of Trumplike proportions. The sparks sprayed through the air and sizzled out all around her. “You are one ugly, mother…” “He looks like the asshole of that dragon we fought that one time,” quipped Frank. “Remember Thrak?” Frank too had swung into the fray, his shield out before him, he stretched out with his mace and caught one of the stalks at mid arc, smashing it into jelly. With a satisfying grunt, he struck again, and this time hit the beast along it’s massive body. The mace bounced off it’s thick hide, but he could feel a concussion there. It can be killed. It is just a beast. “That dragon’s asshole was more beautiful than this thing,” snarled Thrak. He had been learning from the others how the humans insulted each other in combat. Although a foreign idea to him at first, Frank was helping to explain to him how it could be a useful technique to startle an opponent. Thrak wasn’t very good at it, and it didn’t seem like he’d be getting better any time soon. “This thing isss uglier than that asshole wasss. Thrak’s axes hacked and slashed in his frenzy. But not before the creature veered towards him, casting it’s eyes, the large and those small in his direction. One ray struck him in the torso and he flew back and struck a tree. Another struck him and Thrak froze, stunned. Before Frank or Iricah could do anything, the beast floated towards him, it’s center eye growing red once more. There was a swift movement above them, and suddenly Zy’an dropped from the sky, as it were, and landed atop the creature. In the quickest of motions, he swung around, using the eyestalks to maneuver, ripping off two in the movement. Zy’an landed before the beast, and like a snake, his fist plunged deep into the center of it’s eye, followed by another. All around there was a cry, a splitting cry, unlike anything they had ever felt or heard. It wasn’t in their ears. It wasn’t in the air. It was in their minds. It was jolting, and painful. And they knew it was the creature’s death cry, even though it shouldn’t have been there in their minds. The beast fell from the air, and landed on the ground where it tilted over, resting against a tree awkwardly. Looking at it like that, it was hard to imagine the threat it had posed. It was like a ball from one of the Cillandrial games. Waiting for a giant child to pick it up again. Zy’an wiped his hands off in a pool of water in a crag nearby. “Thrak, all know well that beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” “Well this beholder’s eye won’t be seeing anything anymore,” said Frank. “Thanks to you. Well done Zy’an.” “Thank you Frank,” replied the monk. He explained then what he had seen, and how he had to warn away the other. “I am afraid though my call was not as successful as I thought, and since it nearly got us killed, I am not sure how to continue to find them now.” “I don’t think you will have to worry about that Zy’an,” said Iricah. She was resting her arms over her spade, stuck into the mud at her feet and looking off into the jungle. There, standing not 20 feet away was a monk wearing the same garments Zy’an had always worn. He held his hand up, palm out. “Welcome brother. Welcome to the place of the darkness in the day.”
Rob Mazurek Exploding Star Electroacoustic Ensemble – The Space Between Delmark DE 5007 (2013) 2 Disc CD + DVD Set The Space Between is a multi-faceted sound/visual orchestration based on the idea of multiplying forces and the space between these forces. Both macro and micro, this new work (commissioned by Meet the Composer USA) from composer Rob Mazurek and video artist Marianne M. Kim, along with members of Mazurek’s Exploding Star Orchestra, pursues the heavens with the idea of the Indra’s Net, a continuous reflection of, but always changing reality of, our universe and what is not seen or heard. Featuring the dynamic flute of Nicole Mitchell, the Wellesian voice of Damon Locks, and stellar contributions from the other members of the Ensemble, along with Marianne M. Kim’s multi-layered visual poem. The Space Between represents a step into the direction of sound as vision / vision as sound. Contains one CD and DVD (DVD audio in PCM 24bit/48kHz stereo, DTS, and Dolby 5.1). The DVD also contains the special feature Illumination Drone #17, Rob Mazurek’s silent video.
Top fashion and home furnishings business trends to watch in 2019 What’s ahead for manufacturers, designers, wholesalers, distributors INSIGHT ARTICLE | After an even better holiday season than the previous year, the outlook for 2019 is positive for the fashion and home furnishings sector. However, there are a variety of issues and trends to consider as well. Middle market manufacturers, designers, wholesalers and distributors in the apparel and home furnishings sectors will face headwinds from regulatory and trade changes as well as today’s tight labor market. There are also opportunities to innovate as consumer preferences continue to shift and a new generation joins the consumer ranks. Ethical and sustainable fashion The way consumers view fashion and home furnishings products is changing. They not only care if they like a product, but they care if it makes a difference in the world they live in. Is the item good for the environment? Was it sourced and manufactured ethically? In fact, the number of consumers who place sustainability as a major factor in their fashion choices has risen to nearly 60 percent, a marked change from previous decades. Ethical and sustainable fashion is not a gimmick, but speaks to a company’s brand as well as the beliefs of its leaders. Consumers want to shop brands that make them feel good and share their values. In 2019, successful brands will effectively communicate their brand’s values to consumers. Further, brands that make their consumers feel good also boost their own employee engagement and loyalty as these employees feel pride in the ethical company they work for and the products they make. Selling and promoting ethically manufactured and sustainable products is helping to attract and retain talent in what will continue to be a very tight labor market in the year ahead. It’s become clear that technology is pervasive in consumer buying decisions and consumers have become increasingly comfortable buying through channels other than in-store. However, purchases are happening across all channels. Physical and digital retail will continue to merge in 2019 and successful companies will provide the same shopping experience whether it is online, or in-store. Companies should learn from disruptors such as Amazon, as it is changing the way consumers shop for fashion. Smart brands will leverage technology to create a personalized experience through a two-way conversation with the consumers who purchase, blog and otherwise take an interest in the brands they like. For example, companies will continue to use emerging technologies like artificial intelligence to enable their websites to be more personalized and predictive, and data analytics to provide management with essential tools to move the business forward. They will suggest products for individual customers, and, of course, connect with their consumers through Instagram, Snapchat and other forms of social media. There will be an increased use of augmented reality, so consumers can see how that jacket will look on them or how that sofa will fit in their living room. Beyond millennials, companies must pay attention to the Generation Z (Gen Z) consumer in the year ahead. These new consumers value experiences over things, casual and relaxed over formal, and inclusivity over exclusivity. Understanding what, when and how they buy will be important as they become a major customer segment for fashion brands. In 2019, smart companies will focus on engaging with this demographic and will be mindful of the importance of bloggers and social media influencers, as Gen Zers are inclined to be swayed by opinions from their peers as opposed to models in magazines. Security and privacy As companies become more reliant on technology, data security risks and privacy vulnerabilities continue to grow. Intellectual property such as proprietary designs, employee information, customer data and more provide a valuable source of information for cybercriminals. Further, for brands that have their own stores, as card-not-present transactions grow, so does the risk of fraud. Brands that sell goods in and exchange data with European Union members must also be in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Failure to comply with this new regulation could mean significant financial penalties. Understanding the emerging challenges and proactively planning for these risks and threats will continue to be a challenge for many companies. Regulatory, trade and tax issues 2018 began with the passing of tax reform, but the remainder of the year has been all about trade and tariff tensions. While continued consumer confidence will help maintain top-line sales, the fashion and home furnishings sector will need to heighten its focus on managing costs in 2019. Tax reform brought multiple changes applicable to foreign earnings and income of foreign affiliates. Companies that operate in several countries must be familiar with the taxes and other regulations of each country they do business in, as well as value-added tax and customs and duty regulations. Uncertainty with respect to tariffs will play a significant role in the survival of many companies that import from China. Many believe they will be able to absorb an additional 10 percent cost increase if the trade spat expands to apparel, footwear and additional home furnishings, especially if the cost can be shared with their Chinese suppliers. However, a potential increase to 25 percent may be too much for some companies to shoulder and could further strengthen those disruptors and leading edge companies as they continue to use artificial intelligence and data to help drive sales and reduce costs. you may also be interested in To better understand how to apply for tariff exemption, we visited with a manufacturing client about their experience. Get key takeaways. While Fulfillment by Amazon can provide advantages to consumer products businesses there are key areas you should address to ensure success.
Michael Bane defies stereotypes. He has leveraged a career as a journalist, author, professional adventurer and acknowledged expert on firearms into some of the most innovative — and successful — shooting sports programming in the world. He has traveled around the globe covering every aspect of the world of firearms. In addition, Bane is the recipient of numerous awards, including 7 “Tellys” and multiple Outdoor Channel “Golden Moose” awards for broadcasting excellence, an Outdoor Channel Lifetime Achievement Award and a Communicator of the Year award from the Professional Outdoor Media Association and the National Shooting Sports Foundation. Bane was actively involved in the creation of 4 shooting sports and regularly shoots competitively. He is also a big game hunter and a vet bad gunsmith. His weekly podcast, Down Range Radio, is the most successful firearms podcast on the Internet and an award-winner in its own right.
pot holder red bowl potholder patterns holders with pockets walmart how to make. pot holder g loops ikea rack cover. pot holder with pocket holders pockets canada loom edges patterns crochet. pot holder mint and dots loom how to finish edges holders with pockets wholesale diy loops. pot holder linen light pink holders target australia round crochet pattern rooster. pot holder silicone green lid rack magic crochet pattern patterns. pot holder amazon potholder loops patterns on pinterest lid rack organiser. pot holder best holders crochet pattern free magic. pot holder holders target australia blank with pockets flower crochet pattern. pot holder household 4 piece silicone oven mitt set assorted holders with pockets bulk loom how to finish edges craft loops instructions. pot holder patterns craft loops instructions flower holders walmart pioneer woman. pot holder round on white table patterns pinterest holders amazon target australia. pot holder thick round silicone non slip heat resistant mat hang tableware coaster cushion kitchen table accessories in mats pads from home best loom how to finish edg. pot holder silicone extra thick trivet mat hot pads non slip insulation holders jar opener heat resistant coasters from manhandle crochet pattern rooste. pot holder tower all two colors pan stand potholder kitchen mitten business best holders with pockets wholesale rack. pot holder wool potholder loops hanging rack ikea loom kit. pot holder great for soldering projects there are fabric holders amazon hanging rack lid target. pot holder garden rack hanging magic crochet pattern. pot holder silicone round braided shape trivet mats non slip flexible heat resistant table pad large coaster kitchen accessories from cover rack easy crochet patt. pot holder patterns knitting holders with pockets bulk best. pot holder shop kitchen silicone cow set of 2 on sale free shipping orders over overstock rustic rack holders amazon target. pot holder the best oven mitts and holders reviews by a new times company terry cloth with pocket wool potholder loops easy crochet pattern. pot holder potholder notions 10 loops loom edges holders with pocket. pot holder manhandle crochet pattern plant holders amazon with pockets walmart. pot holder crocheted potholder pattern lid rack holders target australia craft loops instructions. pot holder main picture loom loops rack holders target.
The impact of educational experience on student persistence at six public universities Americans grade higher education institutions on their ability to successfully graduate students. Moreover, degree attainment is the primary goal for both higher education institutions and its students and is important to the economic, social, and political life of a state. Although there are many studies of college impact and many studies of student departure, there are few multi-institutional studies that over time address the impact of higher education institutions on student outcomes. Furthermore, the small sample sizes of individuals within institutions in national data sets deter policy makers on how to improve individual campuses. This research presents an understanding of organizational and individual contributors to degree completion. The scope of research in this study measures the impact of individual and organizational variables on the persistence (opposite of student departure) of recent high school first-time full-time degree-seeking students at six Tennessee universities. The Berger and Milem Organizational Impact on Student Outcomes Model serves as the conceptual theory, and a logistical regression case approach determines the impact, significance and strength, of both organizational and individual variables. The results of this study show inconsistent and weak impact by institutions on student persistence. Conversely, the results show specific and measurable student academic characteristics and behaviors that do affect persistence. This study recommends a clear focus on the academic behaviors of completing 20 hours in the first year of college and maintaining a college GPA consistent with the high school GPA. The study also highlights the key component of academic preparation and the relationship between college and high school within a state system of education. The study describes two demographic issues that show different persistence rates among distinct groups of students. Finally, while organizational impact variables have clear policy implications, organizational impact measurements, as in other studies, proved to be weak. Educational sociology|Public administration|Higher education Gregory J Schutz, "The impact of educational experience on student persistence at six public universities" ETD Collection for Tennessee State University.
ISAK Summer School 2017 has officially concluded! With teary goodbyes, students boarded their busses and cars this morning and departed from our campus. They have now all begun the journey home. Our last few days were full of reflection and celebration, including an incredible talent show, a day full of culminating course events organized by students, and time to express gratitude to each other and the community through letters and speech. On behalf of the ISAK Summer School, we want to express our sincere gratitude to our amazing group of students and their families. Thank you for shaping this community together and making it an unforgettable experience for all!
In episode 2 from season 3 of the popular LGBT web series Tough Love, Steven and Blair have wildly different reactions to talk about “germs.” Which may have something to do with Blair not taking her medicine. Previously on the show, Steven went on a blind date with über hottie Marco who made him feel insecure and even more neurotic than he already is. Attempting to bounce back, Steven decides to go on his first OKCupid date and meet a boy named Tyler. Meanwhile, Blaire has a panic attack about the Ebola virus and becomes convinced she has acquired the disease. The threat of Ebola causes her to hallucinate into thinking that riders on the NYC subway are Ebola-infected zombies out to get her. On his date with Tyler, things seem to be going well. Even when Steven brings up the maybe poorly-timed bit about how much bacteria lives in the human mouth. But not even that can deter Tyler, who seems to enjoy Steven’s awkward bumbling. Said creator and star Steven Bell of this week’s episode, “This was a really fun episode for us to make. We got to dive deep into Blaire’s psyche a bit and see what her anxiety feels like. She sees something about Ebola on the news and suddenly she starts seeing Ebola everywhere around her. We did this entire horror film shoot on a New York subway where Blaire gets attack by a bunch of Ebola victims. It’s something we’ve never done before and it’s a hilarious and accurate portrayal of what it feels like to ride public transit in NYC. In other news, Steven goes on his first OkCupid date with a cute boy named Tyler. We cast Logan Sutherland to play Tyler because he’s just this perfect balance between handsome and awkward. Someone Steven feels nervous dating, but who has a personality that he can connect with. It’s fun to see Steven get a win for once.” Watch what happens when “Germs” get thrown into the mix, below.
In this Interview, Byron Allen explains why the solution to the problems in the Black Community is Economic Inclusion In this interview Byron Allen breaks down the root of the problems within the Black community. According to his expert analysis everything from the widespread violence, to the continued use of drugs. Even to the huge levels of poverty is a direct result of lack of economic inclusion. The banks need to start giving loans to black owned companies. Furthermore corporations need to start spending their advertising budgets on black owned companies. Only then will the black community be able to make any progress. They will be doomed to stay in the cycle of poverty and violence that it is currently stuck in. He expresses a cause for disappointment in what President Obama has managed to achieve. One shocking point he makes here is that under the Obama administration, most noteworthy, Black unemployment has gone up and Black home ownership has gone down. Is Obama a success? While every body may be getting caught up in the euphoria of the first Black president, it would appear that the reality is not so bright. President Obama is not really implementing any policies to really deal with the problems facing the Black community. Consequently, there appears to be no effort from his administration for the economic inclusion of Black people. Of course, problems in America go far beyond the Black community. In America, half the women in the country live below the poverty line. Therefore many children will be growing up without access to a decent education which will result in the same cycle of violence and poverty as mentioned before. Finally, at what point do we admit that maybe the system itself might be the problem? Yes we can keep making subtle changes to try and improve life for one set of people. Can we all truly get access to a decent standard of living within a capitalistic system?
Pediatric Dental Services from Newborn to College As a pediatric dentist, we encourage you to bring your child to our dentist office as soon as they have teeth. You can bring them in around one year of age and continue bringing them in through college. While they will probably be driving themselves, the encouragement of parents is incredibly valuable and makes it more likely that they will continue receiving dental care throughout adulthood. Visit a Pediatric Dentist Early and Often We recommend that you bring your children to our dental office twice a year for a dental examination and teeth cleaning. This allows us to remove the plaque and tartar from their teeth that got missed when brushing at home. We can teach your child how to brush and floss properly but even with their best efforts, it can be hard to reach every place within their mouth. This is where we come in. These regular appointments will help to prevent cavities and gum disease as they grow. Preventative Care from a Pediatric Dentist There are several things that we can do to help your child have excellent oral health that goes above and beyond traditional teeth cleanings. We can help to strengthen their teeth and reduce the likelihood of them getting cavities. This can be done by providing children with a fluoride treatment. This is a mineral that when applied to the teeth, helps to strengthen them. As a result, it becomes more difficult for acid to attack the teeth to the degree that creates cavities. Statistically, these treatments reduce the risk of developing cavities by 30 percent. Since the treatment is non-invasive, does not smell or taste, and is done within a few minutes, there is typically no opposition from children to receiving it. Another way that we can prevent cavities is to apply dental sealant to the chewing portions of children’s teeth. Dental sealant is a plastic like material that is gently brushed onto the teeth in order to create a barrier that prevents food and plaque from touching that portion of the teeth. A sealant can last for several years but we will inspect it during regular dental exams and teeth cleanings. This is an incredibly simple process that only takes a couple of minutes per tooth, yet the results are compelling, as our young patients suffer from fewer incidences of decay and toothaches. Dental Care Does Not Stop in High School As a pediatric dentist, we know that many parents are diligent about bringing their children to the dentist when they are young. Unfortunately, as they reach teenage years or go to college, dental care is often put on the backburner to sports, academics, and social activities. The challenge is that many college students see an increase in tooth decay and even gum disease. We attribute this to being away from home, eating food that is not as healthy, drinking lots of energy drinks and being less diligent with oral hygiene. As a parent, the best thing you can do is to bring your college student to the dentist during their winter and summer breaks.
No Foundations: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Law and Justice is an international peer reviewed open-access journal that seeks to bridge the gap between law and other social and human activities and experiences. From its establishment in 2005 as No Foundations: Journal of Extreme Legal Positivism, the journal has been a platform for innovative and wide-ranging research in the fields of critical jurisprudence and socio-legal studies. The new name reflects our commitment to furthering interdisciplinary forms of dialogue. The emphasis on justice is meant to connect law both with its real effects on the lives of individuals and societies, and with the realm of human aspirations and ideals that cannot be easily measured or quantified. No Foundations is published once a year. Manuscripts are initially assessed by the editors, and then sent to two anonymous expert referees for final evaluation. More information HERE. One of the two editors-in-chief is our guest Mónica López Lerma!
Chennai, May 16: The Madras high court has stayed the government from proceedings to sack 1500 teachers after their failure to clear teacher eligibility test (TET). The Tamil Nadu directorate of school education had decided to sack 1,500 teachers from government-aided schools as they have not cleared the teacher eligibility test (TET) before the March 31 deadline. These teachers attempted the exam four times but failed. The department had sought another two-year extension from the Union ministry of human resource development for the teacher to clear TET. But, the ministry had said it would not be possible to consider any request related to extension of deadline. The government had also withheld their salaries following their failure to pass the said test. In the meantime, the teacher eligibility test (TET) would be conducted on June 8 and 9. A single judge had ordered their dismissal from service as the teachers had failed to pass the test. This was challenged by four teachers from Tiruvannamalai district and they moved the high court. Their petition came up for hearing today before a two-member bench comprising of judges Karthikeyan and Krishnan Ramasamy. While passing the orders for staying the removal of 1500 teachers from service the judges directed the government to allow the teachers to appear for the teacher eligibility test (TET) scheduled to be conducted on June 8 and 9.
Are you tired of pitching to one prospect after another? Do you wish you had a writing business where clients pour in without having to do much? Well, I’ve been lucky in this case because after switching to freelance writing for a living, I’ve never had to pitch my services to prospects. My hire me page does pretty well in funneling organic clients. My freelancer hire me page does pretty well in funneling organic clients. How did I do this? Using search engine optimization, better known as SEO. Having SEO tactics in your WordPress blogs can get you better rankings in the search engine results pages (SERPs). Once you know key strategies to boost your freelance website’s SEO you can offer this service for your client’s blog if you offer blog management services. 1. Getting Started with Basic WordPress SEO For first time users, WordPress offers many options to get your site search engine optimized. Unlike other free CMS like BlogSpot blogs, you can choose how your homepage looks and what permalink structure you prefer. If you have any problems setting up your blog, here’s a post on how to create a writer’s website for free. 1. Permalink Structure The default WordPress permalink structure is ‘?p=[id]‘ . The drawback of this URL type is it gives you no option to include text in your permalink. So, you can’t have keywords placed and it will be very difficult to recognize a post with this URL. To customize your permalink structue, go to permalink options under the settings tab in your dashboard. You will get 6 options of permalinks out of which I recommend the structure /%postname%/ which is clutter free or the post name. 2. Domain Structure (www or no www) A blog, in the eyes of Google, is different based on what it has (http://www.blog.com or http://blog.com) in its URL structure. You wouldn’t want your blog to be penalized for duplicate content, right? So, specify if you want your blog to have www in its URL or not. Make a choice from these two domain structures: Using both of them can definitely create duplicate content. According to search engines, both are two different URL structure and hence two different sites. You can change it under general tab, in the settings menu of your dashboard. 2. Set Up an xml Sitemap: A sitemap helps search engines to crawl better. They understand how your site is structured and when new posts are published they get automatically mapped through sitemaps. If you use the free Yoast SEO plugin, you can do it quickly. Just go to xml sitemap option under the SEO menu. Yoast SEO by defaults adds images in your posts to the xml sitemap thereby ensuring they rank better for image search. 3. Disable Author Archives for Single Author Blogs If a single author runs your blog, the author archive page will look exactly like your blog page. This is not a problem; the problem is it will create duplicate content. For the search bots, both articles on your blog page and archive page will have different URLs but same content. So, you can use the Yoast SEO plugin to disable author archives. 4. Make Your Site Load Faster: A fast loading site not only gets you more readers but also helps in better ranking in SERPs. About 47% of readers expect a site to load within 2 seconds and will leave the site if it takes 3 second or more to load. Here are certain tips to decrease your blog loading time: 1. Use Alternatives to Server Hogging Plugins Sometimes a plugin like JetPack can eat up a lot of your resources. If you’re using JetPack for only social shares or checking page views, switch to other light alternatives like Sumome . Similarly, remove plugins that aren’t useful anymore. 2. A Caching Plugin Can Reduce Your Blog Loading Time Your freelancer site should load quickly because most potential clients won’t wait for more. The main function of any caching plugin is to decrease site-loading time. Installing a caching plugin is one of the most basic steps after WordPress installation. Caching plugins work by caching or saving static and dynamic content of your website and thus delivering whenever a visitors loads a page. This also lightens the load on your hosting server. A good one to use is W3Total cache. 5. Use an Efficient Hosting Service When starting a new WordPress site, we usually take hosting casually. But, playing cheap doesn’t always mean playing safe. WordPress hosting can seriously affect your WordPress site SEO. So, it’s better to invest in something that won’t risk your search engine rankings. When choosing a hosting service for your site, be very careful to analyze their uptime limit, bandwidth and customer service. For starters, Bluehost or Hostgator are great beginner options. 6. Install a SEO-Optimized WordPress Theme A theme plays a very important role in your site’s ranking and visitor count. I recommend themes by Elegant themes. Many awesome freelance writers use them. You can read my unbiased review of Elegant themes here. These themes are designed to make your site more fast loading, search engine friendly and conversion optimized. 7. Image Optimization WordPress image optimization is a very important aspect of SEO. Images with proper alt tags and captions not only help reader experience, but also help to rank your site in image search query. It’s a good practice to add secondary keywords to your image alt tags. 8. Optimizing Your Site Title and Tagline Most WordPress users either forget this step or do not optimize it properly. Your site title becomes your branded keyword and hence you must include it in your SEO strategy. By default, WordPress sites have a title like “just another WordPress site”. This is very detrimental for your site SEO and professionalism. So change it to something that your website talks about. Customize it in the general tab under the settings menu. 9. Fix Broken Links on Your Site No matter how hard you check the links while writing a post, broken links accumulate on your site with the passage of time. These broken links not only degrade user experience, but also create a bad impression on search engines. Use the plugin broken link checker to detect broken links, and change them to nofollow (for better SEO) in case you are unavailable to fix them. Conduct regular tests using this plugin to avoid any search engine wrath. 10. Strengthen Your Social Media Metrics Social media proof not only builds a good impression on your readers, but also has a good effect on SEO. Having a good number of people sharing your posts and following you via your social accounts gives your site extra mileage. It also helps you to convert your one-time readers into returning readers. Though social signals don’t have direct impact on SEO they can boost your ranking indirectly by: - Driving more traffic - More exposure, which implies more chances of linking - Build community, which can bring returning visitors, more comments, and more time spent on your site To boost your social signals, add social share buttons to your profile. Also, include your social media profile URLs on every page so that readers can follow you. 11. Keep Writing One of the best ways to boost organic rankings – and your biz – is to write in the niche your target clients are in. If you are freelance writing in the startup niche, write about project management and productivity tips. If you want marketing blogs, write on marketing. Your potential client will be searching these topics on Google. When you rank for these topics, you make it easier for them to discover you. Over to you: SEO is very important for getting clients from organic rankings. Writers like Kristi Hines are already ranking for any generic freelance writer keyword. I would suggest you not to ignore this important source of getting writing gigs. What steps you follow for a search engine optimized writer’s site?
Wild One Table Runner - Brand: Brother Sister Design Studio Feel free to throw a one-of-a-kind birthday bash with Wild One Table Runner as the focal point! Featuring a fabric-backed design, this pretty runner offers a light blue background with a textured stripe running down the center, assembled of bright chevron shapes. Combine it with coordinating wild one cups, plates, cutlery, and a centerpiece (sold separately) for a perfect party! - Length: 18" - Width: 88" Package contains 1 runner. Item not available in Hobby Lobby Stores. Check your local store for availability. Send me an email when it's back in stock.
Thanks to its wide surface (1,4 cm) and the unique porous texture, this pasta is particularly suitable to be paired with game sauces and fall/winter vegetables. Curiosity: it seems that the name "Pappardelle" comes from the Italian verb "pappare", meaning eating with lot of eagerness, to gobble up: a well justified reaction when you see a so inviting pasta! Net weight: 250 g Ideal quantity for 4 servings Cooking time: 2-3 minutes in boiling water Ingredients: durum wheat semolina, fresh eggs (33,4%) Shelf life: 30 mesi
I have a few half written posts in the folder here - and clearly my staying power has been compromised along the way because I cannot post half written things, now can I. Nor do I seem to be able to finish them. I start off early in a fit of enthusiasm, and then, as soon as I get up to make more coffee, I get distracted by life outside the study door. Things like washing machines, dishwashers, an annoyingly grubby hob, the sun, a cobweb, a newspaper - they leap up and grab me and then I forget all about the writing and the muse. And that, my friends, is why you seem to get the rest. As in a rundown of events, rather than the content of the brain, and/or heart, as the occasion may warrant. Take for instance right now. The incoming email pinger pinged as I wrote that last line, so I had to check what was there, didn't I? Exactly. There were some Groupon offers, so I wandered off through the merry maze, bought nothing, and then remembered I was trying to sit down and write something worth reading. 30 minutes later and a load of washing rescued. I am doomed. By the way, I am hoping you have all seen that Boomama (Sophie Hudson) has a new book out? But more to the point, her first book is FREE on the Amazon Kindle at the moment, so rush on over and download it. You will not be sorry. I absolutely LOVED it! I, however, bought a real paper book ages ago for money. That didn't stop me downloading the digital copy too, though. One can never have too many copies of good books...... (Washing in drier, and hung up in sun. More cobwebs dispatched. Cobweb catcher bashed about in the sun outside to clean it. Dead leaves removed from plant. Broken terracotta bits of pot hidden from view. Hands washed. Here I am again. Coffee cold. ) (Additional list of post ideas written and mulled over. 15 mins gone.) (Still considering a photo book Groupon.) (Concentration is not one of my talents.) You will remember that I was watching over my friends' home and dog over Christmas...... well, I saw the wedding photos over the weekend. They had gone to Cape Town for a family wedding and holiday, and on Saturday I got to see the photos. Such a beautiful place. Well, you see all the fabulous places when you are on holiday, which is only natural! Anyway. I had never heard of the word Marryoke. Have you? Am I the last person on earth? It was hysterical. Brilliant. Perfect. Hilarious. Fun. What a fantastic idea! For anyone who may not know about Marryoke, it is a video made while members of the wedding party, the friends, guests, family etc all lip-sync to the words of a song. This wedding the song was Summer nights, from Grease. Apparently the photographer took at the footage on his iPhone while playing the music for you to pretend to sing on an iPad. Genius. Then he goes away, slices and dices and voila!! The end result is the best memento of a wonderful day. Try popping over to YouTube and watching some of the hundreds posted there. You will love them. Good grief, when I remember the official formal photos of my wedding - I never look at them. I never really liked them. The best ones have always been the casual ones taken by friends. They are the most natural, the ones which make me grin. The others are the rolling the eyes in the head variety. I do remember the very expensive and utterly useless woman who was my official photographer took ALL the pre wedding photos of me in the garden with a lamp-post emerging from the top of my head. Photoshop was not around back in the time of the dinosaurs. Forget the staged dances. Seriously, getting everyone involved and joining in, unrehearsed, is clearly so much fun. (Three text massages received and answered. Lunch made and half eaten. Chat to daughter re physio report. ) There are signs of life in the garden already. The hellebores are starting to bloom, and the snowdrops and other bully things are growing rapidly. I have no idea why so many bulbs are out of the ground, but it could be the squirrels. The garden needs a great deal of tidying up, because I couldn't do anything after the cataract op at the end of autumn. It can wait. I got out of bed yesterday, to find a large black and white cat sitting on the windowsill looking at me. That was different. He is welcome to loiter, because I am quite sure he will dispatch any wandering rodents emerging from their winter slumber. Right. That cold coffee needs to be tossed out. I will be back. Mission: Take some photos worth looking at.
Please note we have following terms and conditions if you want to return an item - If you received damaged item this is the only condition, we offer return. - In case of prepaid payment (via razorpay, paypal or any other payment gateway), we will process full refund. - You can file a return request within 24 hours you received the parcel - You need to send the pics to prove that product is unused. If we suspect that you want to return used product return will not be accepted. - It may take more than 15 days to deliver your product. You may need to wait until 15 days are finished before you can say where is my parcel? You can’t file a refund request due to delayed shipping before this time period. - If your refund request is accepted, it will take up to 7-15 days to get refund in your bank account.
Inside the Darkroom with John Blakemore I had the opportunity to join famous UK photographer John Blakemore for a black and white printing workshop in the darkroom at a studio called the Photo Parlour outside Nottingham this past weekend. It was my first real adventure in darkroom work and I wanted to share some of the process for anyone who is curious what working in a darkroom is like. I should warn you - it's addicting! The workshop was held at the Derby Photo Parlour, which is a community darkroom and developing studio run by Dan Wheeler. Through his relationship with local famous UK photographer John Blakemore, Dan is able to offer some workshops to a small group of students who want to learn from one of the masters of the darkroom. The workshop ran over two full days and although I was tired at the end, I was still eager to keep printing! Day 1 of the workshop began with John running through some of his work to describe tonality, visualization, the zone system, and his general philosophy towards many things! After a lunch break we headed into the darkroom to watch John as he made about six prints from one of his negatives. The powerful thing was to watch him explore a negative- taking it from a dark and gloomy image to a bright and uplifting image....... all from a single negative. My brain was going a million miles an hour trying to keep up, and I couldn't wait to get my hands wet in some chemicals the following day. The second day was where we got our own turn at printing on the series of enlargers available in the darkroom. Under the guidance of Dan and John, we selected a negative to print and began setting up home in the darkroom. If you've never been in a darkroom, I'll give you a general layout. It's broken into two sides: a wet side where the chemicals for developing the paper are kept, along with drums to wash prints, and a dry side which is where the enlargers are located. Wet should never enter dry and vice versa. Despite the name, a darkroom isn't totally dark - special red lights called "safelights" are on to provide some light from which to work, but it's faint and not good lighting for really evaluating your work, so you are regularly exiting the darkroom to view prints in the daylight. Access in and out is via a special rounded door that spins so that light from outside cannot enter the room. It's a cramped little door and looks like it should belong on the side of a space station, but it works! An enlarger is essentially a projector with a timer on it. You load your negative, set the timer, and the light in the enlarger stays on for until the timer expires. Below the enlarger is where the image is projected onto an easel that holds a piece of special paper coated in an emulsion. As the enlarger projects the image onto the paper, the emulsion reacts (just link with normal film). The "disturbing" thing is that you don't get to see the photo appear on the paper immediately. In fact, when you are done on an enlarger it looks like you've just made a white piece of paper! From there you cross to the wet side and submerge the paper into a developer bath for around a minute (depending on the paper). While the paper soaks, an image begins to appear on the paper, which is extremely gratifying to see! From there the paper moves to a stop bath which (as the name implies) stops the developer from reacting further. Finally it's into the fixer, which (again, clever naming) fixes the image into the paper permanently. Technically there is one more step, which is to wash the paper for hours to remove these strong chemicals as they could degrade the image over time. This is all overly simplified of course...... how long to you set the enlarger's timer to project the image onto the paper if you can't see the image appearing on the paper in real time? How do you get it dark enough / light enough? This is where the real magic of the darkroom comes in..... before making an actual print you first make a series of test strips at different intervals to help you select the proper exposure time. You then make a straight print before starting to play with dodging and burning (selective darkening or lightening of particular areas). Because so much of this process is human driven, no two prints will ever come out exactly the same, which is the fun of it! I can press "print" on my inkjet machine and get the same photograph repeatedly, but I didn't work for it, my sweat isn't in it, and it's lacking personality. Each of the prints I made that day have their own personality and feeling. When I hang them on the wall, the extra effort will mean a lot more than so many of my other prints. John was a fantastic instructor - he offered many tips and tricks for improving each print and wasn't afraid to challenging you outside your comfort zone. I particularly appreciated the challenge he offered and have already started shooting some new work with his advice in the back of my mind. While I'm here in the UK I will continue to visit the Photo Parlour to refine my work. When I move back stateside I'll probably build my own darkroom, but for now, there is much to learn! I cannot wait to get back into the darkroom and would strongly recommend this class to anyone interested in improving or learning to print in the darkroom.
She was entering Akra. The heap of grain, yet burning, showed a dull black-red mound over which towered a column of strong incense. Here, for the night was cool, lay in circles many of the unhoused Passover guests. Here, also, was wakefulness and the hatchment of evil. The running girl was upon them before she knew it. One of the figures that sat with its back to the dull glow saw her approaching. Instantly he rose upon one knee and snatched her dress as she ran. Jerked from her balance, she screamed and threw out her hands to keep from falling upon the shoulders of her assailant. One or two others with unintelligible sounds struggled up, and as she fell, the Maccabee leaped from the darkness, wrenched her from the grasp of her captor, and warding off attack with his knife, fled with her into the darkness. The transfer of control over her had been made so swiftly that in her stupor of terror she hardly realized it. She was struggling silently and strongly in his hold, when he clasped her to him with a firmer impulsive embrace and whispered to her: "Comfort thee, dear heart! It is I, Hesper!" She ceased to resist so suddenly and was so tensely still that he knew the shock of immense reaction was having its way with her. He knew without asking that she had been forced to leave the shelter of the Greek's roof, and though his rage threatened to rise up and blind him he was not entirely unaware of the benefit the inhospitality of others had given him. At last she was with him; entirely in his care. It was a safe shelter into which she was brought, but no luxurious one. There was light enough from the single torch stuck in a crevice in the ancient rock to show that it was habitable. The immense floor was packed hard by the trampling of many feet; overhead, lost in gloom, there must have been a rocky roof, but it was invisible. On the ledges of rocks were belongings by heaps and collections, showing that this was an abiding-place for great numbers. In the far shadows she distinguished long, silent, mummied windrows of men wrapped in blankets, sleeping. Huge gloomy piles of provisions filled up shadowy corners; about under the light was the litter left in the wake of human counsel; over all was the air of repose and occupancy that made a home out of the burrow. Though the place held a great number of refugees, the footstep of the Maccabee wakened resounding emptiness. At the threshold he slackened his step and looked with pathetic anxiety at whatever light on Laodice's face would show her opinion of her refuge. But the uncertain torch revealed nothing and he led her in and across to a solitary place where rugs from some looted house had been folded up for a pallet and spread about for carpets. She sat down and awaited his speech. He motioned to the spacious barrenness about him. "Canst thou content thyself in this place?" he asked, hesitating. She nodded, but feeling that her reply had not shown all that words might, she lifted her face that he might see therein that which she could not trust her lips to say. It was her undoing. Her weakness overwhelmed her and burying her face in the folds of her mantle, she wept. After a dismayed silence, he bent over her and said with a quiver of distress in his voice: "I—I have work, here, to do, but I shall take thee out of the city for better refuge—" That she should seem to be grieving over the nature of the shelter given her, stirred her deeply. She half rose and with the light shining on her face, filled with gratitude in spite of her tears, took his hand in both of hers and pressed it with pathetic insistence. He understood her. He laid a hand unsteady with its tremor of delight and young eagerness upon the vitta and it slipped off her hair. As it dropped, the subtle warm fragrance of the heavy locks, now braided in maidenly style, reached him; the liveliness of her relaxed young figure communicated itself to him without his touch; all the invitation of her helplessness swept him to the very edge of abandoning his restraint. On his dark face a transformation occurred. All the hardness, even his years and his experience vanished from him and a soft recovering flush faintly colored his cheeks. In that sudden bloom of beauty in his face was stamped a realization of the far progress of his triumph. She was in his house and dependent on him, within the very reach of his arms. When she looked up at him again, she read all this in his face, and instantly there returned to her, with warning intensity, the fear of her love of him. The last obstacle but her own conscience that stood between her and his perfect supremacy over her life had suddenly been swept away. She started away from him, and put up her hands to ward off his touch. "If you do that," she said in a tone sharp with distress, "it is sin and I shall be cursed! I shall have to go back to him!" Then she had voluntarily left Julian, perhaps to seek him! "You shall not go back to him!" he exclaimed. "After I have given up everything but my life to have you for myself!" "You must not think of me in that way!" she commanded him vehemently. "I am a married woman! You shall remember that! If you forget it, I will go out into the streets and ask the Idumeans to kill me!" "Nay, peace, peace! I shall do you no harm! You are frightened! I will do nothing that you would not have me do! Be comforted. Not any one in all the world has your happiness at heart so much as I. Believe me!" "Believe me!" she insisted. "I am weary of doubt and denial. I am only safe if you recognize me as that which I claim to be. Answer me! You do believe I am the wife of Philadelphus?" "I believed it, at once," he said frankly. "Then—then—" but she flung her hands over her face and slipped down on the rugs. For a moment he hesitated, restraining the impulse to break over the limits she had laid down for him. Then he rose and, summoning one of the women who had taken refuge in the crypt, sent her to remain with the girl, and departed, shaken and uncertain, to his own place. IN THE SUNLESS CRYPT The twilight of the cavern rarely revealed enough of the features of her fellows to Laodice for her to identify them or for them to identify her. She lived among them a dusky shadow among shadows. And because of her fear that Philadelphus might be searching for her, she stayed in the sunless crypt day by day until the Maccabee, noting with affectionate distress that she was growing white and weak, bade her take one of the women and venture up to the light. There were, besides the women, two men who took no part in the preparation for war which went on about them in the cavern day and night. While weapons and armor were made and tramping ranks formed and broke before the commands of the lithe dark commander of that fortress and subdued but fierce councils took place around torches—while all this went on, they kept back, even apart from the women, and said nothing. Laodice saw that they were physically unfit; that one was very old and the other very feeble and her heart warmed again to that stern master who saw them fed as abundantly as his most valued men. These, then, were those Christians whom he had taken into his protection because of the Name which had inspired a shepherd boy to save his life. When he commanded Laodice to go up into the sunlight, he approached the corner in which the two useless men hid and bade them, too, to go up into the air. "Let us have no sickness in this place," he said bluntly and turned on his heel and left them to obey. Laodice took one of the older women and timidly climbing the steps from which the rubbish had been pushed away by the climbing hundreds, went through the dusk of the passage that terminated in a brilliancy that dazzled her. And as she walked she heard the footsteps of the two men behind her. Up in the chaos of fallen columns, she stood a moment with her hands pressed over her eyes. Only little by little was she able to permit the full blaze of the Judean sun to reach them. The uproar on Jerusalem after the muffled silence of the underground cavern filled her with terror, and she pressed close to the shelter of the entrance until the woman at her side reassured her. "It is nothing," the woman said, with a dreary patience. "It is as it was yesterday. I come here every day. I know." After a while Laodice looked about her. The entrance to their refuge was about the middle of the ruin and therefore a great many paces back from the streets, so that she did not see Jerusalem's agonies face to face. But she saw enough to make her cold and to turn her shivering and panic-stricken into the darkness of the crypt below. She saw the ascending streets of Zion and the tall fortifications mounting the heights within the city's limits. There she saw the flash of swords, swung afar off, spears brandished and the running hither and thither of defenders on the wall. Below she saw the remote constricted passages between rows of desolate houses, moving with people, sounding with clamor. There she saw combats, terrible scenes of frenzy, deaths and unnamable horrors; starvelings gnawing their nails; shadows of infants pressed to hollow bosoms; old men too weak to walk that went on hands and knees; young men and young women in rags that failed to cover them, and wandering skeletons screaming, "Woe!" Meanwhile huge stones mounted over the walls and fell within the city; three great towers planted beyond the walls, out of range of the Jewish engines and equipped with superior machines, were steadily devastating the entire quarter near which they were erected. Here two-thirds of the forces of Jerusalem were concentrated in a vain effort to resist the dire inroads of these effective engines. Here, the Maccabee and his Gibborim stood shoulder to shoulder with the Idumeans and fanatics of Simon and John, and here the half-mad defenders awakened at last to the fact that only divine interference could save the city against Rome. In the south and the east conflagrations roared and crackled, where burning oil had been scattered over some remaining structures near the walls. When a great ram began its thunder somewhere near the Sheep Gate, there came a hollow booming noise of deafening volume from the charnel pits outside the walls and a black cloud of incredible depth soared up into the skies. Laodice, dumb with horror, looked at the prodigy without understanding, but the woman at her side shuddered. "God help us!" she exclaimed. "They are vultures!" Laodice turned to rush back into the cavern and so faced the two men who stood behind her. One, at sight of her, shrank with a gasp, and, averting his shaggy head till the long white locks covered his face, fled back into the crypt. The other was gazing with unseeing eyes across groaning Jerusalem. "I am the man," he was saying aloud, but to himself, "that hath seen affliction by the rod of His wrath." The sight of him had a paralyzing effect upon Laodice. She saw, before her, Nathan, the Christian, who had buried her father, who had blessed her, who would know and could testify to a surety that she was the wife of Philadelphus! She slipped by him without a sound and hurried down into the darkest corner of the cavern. Circumstance had found her in her refuge and would drive her away from this sweet home back to that hateful house, to the man she did not love! For many days, with increasing distress, Laodice avoided Nathan, the Christian. With that fascinated terror which at times forces human creatures to examine a peril, she felt irresistibly impelled to try his memory of events, that she might know if indeed he would recognize her. Though she turned cold and flashed white when he came upon her one day in the darkness of their shelter, she felt nevertheless the relief of approaching a solution to her perplexity. "They tell me," he said with the deliberate speech of the old, "that Titus is once more permitting citizens to depart from Jerusalem unharmed." "Then," she said, grasping at this hope, "why do you stay here in this peril?" "Why should I leave it? Even with the singers who wept by the waters of Babylon, I prefer Jerusalem above my chief joy. Except for the time when we of the Way were warned to depart, I have been in Jerusalem all my life. Then, though I had gone as far as Caesarea on my way to Antioch to join the brethren there, homesickness overtook me and I turned in my tracks, saying no man farewell, and came back." "A weary journey for one so old," she said gently. Would he remember also that it had been dangerous? "Nay, but a journey full of works and reward. And I discovered at the end of it that I had lived in error forty years; that Christ never ceases to prove Himself." Already the forbidden tenets of the Nazarene faith had entered into his words. But feeling somehow that her deflection from uprightness covered her whole life, there was no reason why she should not hear what these people believed and have done with it. "Art thou a Christian?" she asked timidly. "I am a believer in Christ, but whether I may call myself one of the blessed I do not know, for they have had faith. But I demanded a sign. Behold it! The ruin of the City of David!" Her eyes widened with alarm. "Is there no hope?" she exclaimed. He looked at her, even in his old age impressed with the immense importance life and love must have to so beautiful and beloved a woman. Presently he said, as if to himself: "Yea, be thou blessed, O thou Redeemer, that givest life to them to whom life is dear and death approacheth." Her concern for concealment vanished entirely in her rising terror for the future of the Holy City. "I pray thee, Rabbi," she said in a low voice, drawing close to him, "tell me what thy people believe about the city. I have heard—but it can not be true!" "Do not be troubled about the city," he answered. "Ask me rather how to become safeguarded against any disaster, greater even than the fall of cities." "It is not for myself," she protested earnestly, "but for the world. Is there not a King to come to Israel?" "There is, but not yet, my daughter. Of that day and hour no man knoweth. Now is Daniel's abomination of desolation; the generation passeth and the prophecy is fulfilled. Jerusalem is perishing." Seeing the wave of panic sweep over her, he put out a soothing hand. "Yet, do not fear. For such as you the Redeemer died; for your kind the Kingdom of Heaven is built, and the King whom the earth did not receive is for ever Lord of it." The veiled reference to the tragedy which Philadelphus had recounted stood out with more prominence than the promise in his words. "Whom the earth did not receive?" she repeated. "O prophet, as thou boasteth truthful lips and a hoary head, tell me what hath befallen us." "Hear it not as a calamity," he said reassuringly. "Thou canst make it of all things the most profitable, if thou wilt. Forget the city. I, who would forget it but can not, bid thee do this. Behold, there is another Jerusalem which shall not fall. Look to that and be not afraid." Her lips, parted to protest against the vague answer, closed at the final sentence and the Christian pressed his advantage. "Of that Jerusalem there is no like on earth. Against its walls no enemy ever comes; neither warfare nor hunger nor thirst nor suffering nor death. This which David builded is a poor city, a humble city compared to that New Jerusalem. There the King is already come; there the citizens are at peace and in love with one another. There thou shalt have all that thy heart yearneth after, and all that thy heart yearneth after shall be right." In that city would it be right that she love Hesper instead of Philadelphus, and that she should have her lover instead of her lawful husband? While she turned these things over in her mind, he wisely went on with his story. Shrewdly sensing the young woman's anxiety, the old Christian guessed the interest to her of the Messiah's history before His teaching and began with prophecy to support the authenticity of the wonderful Galilean's claim to divinity. It was no fisherman or weaver of tent-cloth who brought forth the declarations of the comforter of Hezekiah, the captive prophet and the priest in the land of the Chaldeans. His was no barbarous manner or slipshod tongue of the market-place and the wheat-fields, but the polish and the clean-cut flawless language of the synagogues and the colleges. Laodice saw in the gesture and phrase the refinement of her father, Costobarus, of the gentlest Judean blood. "I saw Him," he went on in a low voice. Laodice with her intent gaze on the beatified face put her hand to her heart. "Forty years ago," the old voice continued, "I saw Him first in Galilee. There He was disbelieved and cast out. He came then unto Jerusalem and I saw Him there heal lepers, cast out evil spirits, cure the blind and the sick and the palsied. And in the house of Jairus and at Nain, I saw Him raise the dead. "I saw Him come to Jerusalem. Multitudes followed Him and accompanied Him, casting their mantles and palm-branches in the way that His mule might tread upon them." The old man pointed south toward the single summit from which Christ approaching could overlook Jerusalem. "On that hill," he said, "while the multitudes hailed Him and the sound of Alleluia shook the air, He reined in His meek beast and looked upon this city, and wept over it. When He spoke, He said, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes. For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side, and shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation. "And three days later, I saw the Rock of David and all that multitude follow Him unto the Hill of the Skull and there His enemies crucified Him!" After a paralyzed silence, Laodice whispered with frozen lips, "In God's name, why?" But he wisely did not pause with the calamity. He had the whole of the beginnings of Christianity to tell, a long narrative that contained as yet no dogma. Paul had seen the great light on the road to Damascus, and accepting apostleship to all the world had fought a good fight and had come unto his crown of righteousness; Peter had established the Church and had fed the sheep and had been offered up by the Beast who was Nero; John the Divine was seeing visions of the Apocalypse in the Island of Patmos; Herod Antipas, "that fox," had passed to his own place, prisoner and exile, sacrifice to a mad Caesar's imaginings; Judas had hanged himself; Pilate had drowned himself; thousands of the saints had died for the faith by fire and sword and wild beasts; kings had been converted and of the believers in Rome it was said, Your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world. Laodice sat with clasped hands, intent on each word as it fell from the lips of the aged teacher, seeing at one and the same time the Kingdom of Heaven constructed and her dream of an earthly empire falling. "He said," the Christian continued, "They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick. I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." Repentance was a rite for Laodice, a payment of offering, a process to the righteously inclined, a thing that could in no wise purify the sinner as to make him worthy of association with the upright. The old Christian's use of the word was different; he had said that the Messiah came to the sinner, and not to the righteous. Had the young Jewess been less in need of comfort in her own consciousness of spiritual delinquency she would have set down the old teacher as one of the idlest dealers in contradiction. But now she listened with keener zest; perchance in this doctrine there was balm for her hurt. She made some answer which showed the awakening of this new interest and then with infinite poetry and earnestness he began to unfold the teachings of Christ. A woman came to them with wine and food, for the midday had come, but neither noticed it. In his fervor to enlighten this tender soul, the old man forgot his weariness; in her wonder at the strangely gentle doctrine which had contradicted all the world's previous usage, the girl forgot her prejudice. She listened; and with such signs as change of expression, flushes of emotion, movements of surprise and brightenings of interest to encourage him, the old Christian talked. When he had progressed sufficiently to round out the theory of Christianity, she had grasped a new standard. The contrast between the old and the new made itself instantly felt. On one hand was the simple and logical; on the other the complex and dogmatic. The Christian was able to measure proportionately how much should be laid upon her mind for study at once and while she still waited, he rose from his place. "There is more; yet there are other days," he said. But she caught his hand as he rose and with a sudden yearning in her eyes whispered: "O Rabbi, what said He of love?" "Love?" he repeated, with a softening about his lips. "The Master blessed love between man and woman." "But, but—" she faltered, "if one love another than one's wedded spouse, then what?" His face grew grave. "That is not lawful even among you, who are still of the old faith." He laid a kindly hand on the one that held his. "Suffer but sin not. He that endureth unto the end shall be saved." She was silent while she gazed at him with change showing on her gradually paling face. "Then—then what is in thy faith for the forlorn in love?" she exclaimed. "Peace, and the consciousness of the joy of Christ in your steadfastness," he said. She rose. How much longer had she to live? "And thou sayest we die?" "Fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul," he said gently. Fear Hesper, then, but not the Roman. While she stood in the immense debate of heart and conscience he laid a tender hand on her head. "Perchance in His mercy thou shalt be welcomed there first by thy father, whom I buried, and by thy mother." The sudden recurrence to that past tragedy and the unfolding of his recognition fairly swept Laodice off her feet with shock and alarm. If he noted her feeling, he was sorry he had not succeeded in comforting her with a promise of reunion with her beloved in that other land. He took away his tremulous hand from her hair. Leaving her transfixed with all he had said, he moved painfully away, stiffened by long sitting while he discoursed. THE FALSE PROPHET It was a different Amaryllis that the pretended Philadelphus faced now, from the one who had welcomed him on his arrival in Jerusalem months ago. Then she had been so cold and self-contained that it would have been effrontery to discuss her hopes with her. Now, with the avarice of love in her eyes, with wishfulness and defeat making their sorry signs on her face, she was a creature that even the humblest would have longed to help. Philadelphus sat opposite her in the ivory chair which was hers by right. She sat in the exedra and listened eagerly to the things he said with her finger-tips on her lips and her eyes gazing from under her brow as her head drooped. She had ceased long ago to debate idly on the actual identity of the man who had called himself Hesper of Ephesus. There was another question that absorbed her. Of late, it had been brought home to her that the charm of Laodice for the stranger from Ephesus, to whom the Greek knew the girl had fled, had been her purity. Why should it matter so much about virtue? she had asked herself. Why should it weigh so immeasurably more than the noble gifts of wit and beauty and strength and charm? Behold, she was wise enough to educate a barbarous nation, beautiful enough to bewitch potentates—for a time—strong enough to take a city; yet Hesper, who best of all could appreciate the value of these things, had turned from her to Laodice, who was merely chaste. The greater part of the jealous and bitter passion that had shaken her then was dumb regret that the measure of charm was so irrational—and that she had not believed in it, in time, in time! Now, however, since she had become convinced that Laodice had gone to Hesper for refuge, hope had awakened in her, but so filled with uncertainty and lack of confidence in another's weakness that it was little more than a torture to her. If Laodice had gone to this winsome stranger, either claiming to be the wife of Philadelphus or acknowledging the imposture, there was now no difference between Laodice and herself! But, she asked herself, was it not possible that this lovely girl who had shown signs of illimitable fortitude, could live in the shelter of the captivating Hesper as uprightly as she had lived under the roof of the man she called her husband? In one exigency, the hopes of Amaryllis budded; in the other, her intuitive belief in the strength of Laodice discouraged her. And while she alternately hoped and doubted, Philadelphus, in the chair opposite her, talked. "It follows that you and I must work together to gain diverse ends. If our fortunes are to be tragic, we are undoing each other in this conjunction. Since I in all frankness prefer it to turn out comedy, let us make no error. Are you weary of John? Do you seek a new diversion?" She looked at him, at first puzzled, then with a frown. It leaped to her lips, grown impatient with suffering, to tell him all that she had evolved of the histories of himself, his lady and of Hesper; but there seemed to be an element of recklessness in that which threatened to do away with a means for her success. He did not wait for her answer. "And I," he said with mock intensity, "am done to death with weariness—with my moneyer, this lady of mine. Let us be diverted while we live, for by the signs we shall all die soon." "Where," he began when her mind wandered entirely from him, "dost thou think the mysterious man hath taken my other wife? "I would I knew," he continued, conducting his inquiry alone. "It will be right simple to have her beauty spoiled in this hungry town, unless he takes tenderest care of her." There was still no comment, but the lively sparkle in the Greek's eye showed that he had touched upon a jealous spot. "And by the by," he pursued, "what does this stranger, whom I can not remember having known, look like? A villain?" She answered now in a voice filled with rancor. "Win away the girl from him and thou wilt know thyself to be the better man; but study how much he hath outstripped thee and thou shalt decide for thyself, then, that he is handsomer, more winsome, stronger and more profitable. Describe him for thyself." "Out upon you! How irritable misfortune makes most of us! Now, here is my lady. She would fail to see the humor in my fetching back this pretty impostor. Alas! Were I Deucalion or Pyrrha or whoever else it was that repeopled the world, I should have left jealousy out of the make-up of wives. It is a needless element. It gives them no pleasure, and Jove! how inconvenient it is for husbands! Now, I am not jealous of my wife. In fact, had any man the hardihood to supplant me, I should not discourage him; I should not, by my soul!" "Why," she burst out again, irritated beyond control at his manner, "do you not leave this place?" He swung his foot idly and smiled. "I shall when I can take with me this dear pretty impostor who is so determined to have me," he answered lightly. "Will you?" she asked eagerly. "Is that why you remain?" "And for my lady's dowry. She keeps the key. But had I the girl cloaked and hooded for flight, I might go, even without the treasure. The times are precarious, you observe." She rose almost precipitately and hurried over to the swaying curtain of some heavy white material like samite, covering that which appeared to be a blind arch in the wall. She drew the hanging aside. It had hidden the black mouth of a tunnel, closed by a brass wicket which was locked. "Here," she said rapidly, "is what strengthens John in his folly. This is a passage that leads under the Temple through Moriah into Tophet. The whole city is underlaid with these galleries, but this is the only one which leads to safety." She dropped the curtain and approached him. "But thou canst not go out of that passage alone!" He smiled, and then with that boyish impulsiveness that he had cultivated to cover the evil in his nature, he thrust out his hand to her. "Here is my hand on it!" he exclaimed. "Go, then, and cease not till you have found her. Then, by any or all the gods, I shall see that you do not go out of that passage empty-handed." He smiled at her radiantly and went at once to his chambers. When he reached the apartments, he found them silent and deserted. He seized upon the opportunity as most propitious for a search for the possible hiding-place of the dowry of two hundred talents. When he opened first the great press in which his lady kept her raiment he was confronted by emptiness. Dismayed, he turned to look into the room and found the chests for the most part open and rifled. On the brazier, now cold, lay a wax tablet. He snatched it up and read: Received of Julian of Ephesus the appended salvage in good repair. Items: One wife, Two hundred talents. JOHN, KING OF JERUSALEM. He went back to the andronitis of Amaryllis. "I have lost interest in the treasure," he said whimsically. "But I'll go out and look for the girl. I—I should like to discover of a truth if the passage leads out of Jerusalem." Amaryllis closed her lips firmly. Philadelphus read in the look that he could not escape without Laodice. Without further speech, he went to the vestibule, took his cloak and kerchief from the porter and went out into the city. It was nearly midnight when he passed into the streets. The tumult of assault on the walls had ceased. The long lines of beacon-fires on the walls showed only a few men in arms posted there. Without there came no sound of activity in the camp of the Roman. The streets below, lighted up by the ever-burning beacons, showed its usual restless tramping of houseless, hungry ones. But there was no talk; each one who walked the passages went wrapped in his own dismal thoughts; the thousands took no notice of one another. Jerusalem was as silent as a city stricken with plague. From the summit of Zion, which Philadelphus mounted, he could see three Roman war-towers, planted along the outer works, dimly lighted, and manned by a vigilant garrison of legionaries. These had been a dread and a destruction which the Jews had been unable to overthrow; coigns of vantage from which the enemy had been able to deal the sturdiest blows of the campaign. They had permitted no rest to the defenders on the wall; they had spread ruin by fire and carnage, by arrow and sling for days. Sorties against them had resulted in the death of their assailants, only. Jewish engines accomplished nothing against them. The three, alone, were taking Jerusalem. Philadelphus looked at their tall shapes, black against the remote illumination of the Roman camp, and inwardly hoped that they would hold off complete destruction of the city, until he had found the desirable woman. No one noticed him; men passed him like shadows with their eyes ever on the ground; no one spoke; nothing disturbed the deadly quiet of the falling city. But the next minute, Philadelphus, who walked alertly, saw people step out into gutters or press against walls, as if to allow some one to pass. Awakening interest ran abroad over the street ahead of him. A lane between the wandering multitude opened almost by magic. Through it, walking swiftly, his head up, his mystic eyes ignited, came Seraiah, soldier of Jehovah. There was no sound of his footfall. His garments flashed in the light of the beacons, but there was not even a whisper of their motion. But he had changed. There was fierce, superhuman intent in the despatch of his gait and in the uplift of his superb head. After him, as he passed, ran whispers. Each one stopped and looked. He went down the uneven slope of Zion as some great shade borne on a swift air. Two or three bold ones began to move after him. Others followed. The little nucleus grew. Philadelphus was caught in it. Numbers were added as courage grew with numbers. From intersecting streets people came. Some, although oppressed by the silence, asked what it was and were silenced quickly. Others began to mutter unintelligible predictions, and their neighbors shook their heads without understanding that which was said. The news of Seraiah's mysterious progress communicated itself to rank and rank and spread abroad. Faces appeared against a background of lights at barred windows, along the balustrades of house-tops, from areas and ruins. Philadelphus, fascinated and astonished at this curious demonstration, was contented to pass with it. Silence, except for the rustling of garments and the multitudinous footfall, fell about the vicinity. Ahead of them, Seraiah moved. His steps, finely balanced, passed over obstructions where most of his followers stumbled, and when he turned across Akra and faced the Old Wall, the excitement became painful. His pace was flying; many of his followers were running. It seemed that he was going against the Wall. Dozens anticipated that course and skirting through short ways clambered up on the fortifications and clung there though menaced by the sentries until Seraiah appeared. At a narrow point in the street that ended against the wall, Seraiah met that Jew who had become a maniac on the day Jerusalem attacked Titus. Without warning the maniac leaped up into an intensely rigid posture; his legs spread, his lean arms upstretched at painful tension, his mouth wide, his eyes dilated immensely in their hollow depths. Seraiah passed him as if no man stood in his way. Instantly the maniac wheeled, as a huge spread-eagle wind-vane on its staff, and stood at gaze, the broad uninterrupted light of the beacon shining down on him and the mysterious man. The street ended short of the wall. About the base of the fortification was an open space, in which was planted a scaling-ladder. Seraiah climbed this, an infinitesimal detail on the great blank of blackened stone. Hundreds, rushing upon the wall, though a goodly distance from the point at which the strange man had mounted, climbed it and beat off the sentries. And the foremost who reached the top saw the Roman Tower directly opposite Seraiah shudder suddenly and sink in a roaring cloud of dust upon itself to the earth. Instantly the maniac below broke the tense silence with a scream that was heard in the paralyzed Roman camp: "It is He, the Deliverer! Come!" Of the thousands of Jews that heard the madman's cry, every heart credited it. Hundreds melted away suddenly, as if stricken with terror at what they might see; other hundreds scrambled down from their places to run purposelessly, crying aimless things to the night over the city; yet others covered their faces with their arms and fell in their places, expecting the end of the world; and of the rest, the less imaginative, the more composed and the more curious, remained on the walls to see enacted a further miracle. Uproar had broken out instantly among the four stolid legions of Titus on the Assyrian bivouac. Lights flashed out everywhere; great running to and fro could be distinguished; rapid trumpet-calls and the prolonged roll of drums from company quarters to quarters were echoed back from Antonia and from Hippicus. The startled shouts of commanders; the nervous dropping of arms; the sharp excited response to roll-call; the sound of sentries challenging, the curt response by countersign, showed everywhere irregularities and the symptoms of panic in the immovable ranks of Titus. Seraiah meanwhile had disappeared from his place as mysteriously as he had come. Many of the Jews who remained on the wall believed that he had passed into the Roman camp and was troubling it. The fall of the tower, and the confusion it had wrought in the Roman camp, never occurred to them to have been fortuitous incidents with which Seraiah had nothing to do. Of the thousands that witnessed that miracle, most of them were convinced that the hour had come. Meanwhile Jerusalem was roaring with excitement. The city was ready for a Messiah. Seraiah had arisen at the psychological moment. Earlier the Jews would have been too critical to accept him readily; later they would have reviled him for coming too late. Whatever his advent lacked in thunders, in darkness, voices, and shaking of the earth, had been passed by his miraculous work against the Romans. Philadelphus, who had seen the fall of the tower, and had dropped down from the wall as soon as he had explained it all to himself, came upon new disorders. Great concourses of awakened Jews were hurrying to the walls to see what had happened, or to behold the Roman army wiped out by the Angel of Death as the army of Sennacherib had perished. Others collected at the end of the Tyropean Bridge and watched the pinnacle of the Temple for the miracle which should restore the city. But the burned ruin where the Herodian palace had stood was the center of the most characteristic frenzy. There thousands were congregated. A great bonfire had been kindled and above the multitude, on a colossal architrave fallen at one end from the giant columns that had supported it, stood a figure, redly illuminated by the fire, tiny as compared to the immense ruin of its high place, but Titan in its control over the wild mob below it. It was a woman, a Jewess, dressed in faithful imitation of the archaic garb of the prophetesses, mantled with a storm of flying black hair, stripped of veil or cloak, and splendidly defiant of the restrictions laid upon woman long after the days of Deborah. Over the heads of the panting multitude she shook a pair of arms that glistened for whiteness, and bewitched by the spell of their motion. From under her half-fallen lids shot gleams of fire that transfixed any upon whom they fell; from her supple body shaken at times with the power of its own dynamic force her hearers caught the grosser infection of physical excitement; they swayed with her as blown by the wind; they ceased to breathe in her periods; they groaned as the intensity of her fervor pressed upon them for response that they could not shape in words; they wept, they shouted, they prophesied, and over them swept ever the witchery of her wonderful voice, preaching impiety—the worship of Seraiah! Philadelphus looked at this frantic work with a creeping chill. He knew the sorceress. Salome of Ephesus, who could send the sated theaters wild with her appeal to their senses, had found enchantment of a half-mad city not hard. Aside from the impiety, in fear of which his own irreligious spirit stood, he saw suddenly opened to him the immense scope of her influence. Not Simon, not John, not Titus, had discovered the logical appeal to the city's unbalanced impulses. But the reckless woman, robing herself in the ancient garb of the days to which the citizens would revert, assuming the pose of a woman they had sanctified, preaching the dogma they would hear, showing them the sign that helped them most, held Jerusalem, at least for that hour, in her hands. He realized at once that to attempt to denounce her would expose him to destruction at the wolfish hands of the frenzied mob. There were not soldiers enough in the city to destroy her influence, for she had achieved in her followers that infatuation that goes down to death before it relinquishes its conviction. Her control was complete. Seraiah was the anointed one, but the prophetess, the instigator, the founder of the worship, as follows in all apostasies, was the final recipient of the benefits of that devotion. Philadelphus walked away from the sight of Salome's triumph. He had surrendered instantly his hope of regaining the treasure. The whole of mad Jerusalem had ranged itself with her to protect it. And Laodice was not yet found. AS THE FOAM UPON WATER The madness on Jerusalem poured like an overwhelming flood into the cavern under the ruin of the Herodian palaces. There was Hesper, with most of his Gibborim gathered, preparing to proceed to the defense of the First Wall in Akra against which the Roman would hurl himself in the morning. For days he had controlled his men only by the force of his fierce will. Restlessness, little short of turbulence, had changed his six hundred from earnest recruits to bright-eyed, contentious, irresponsible enthusiasts whom only intimidation could manage. They seemed to be balanced, prepared, ready at the least whisper in the wind to scatter madly, each in his own direction, after a vagary, albeit the end were destruction. Throughout these latter days the Maccabee had become strained and unnatural in his manner. There was a vehemence in all he did which seemed to be a final resolution against despair. His decisions were arbitrary; his methods extreme. Laodice, sensing something climacteric in his atmosphere, kept aloof from him, and regarded him from the dusk of her corner with wonder and a pity that she could not explain. The Christian on the other hand seemed always in an unobtrusive way to be at the Maccabee's elbow. The apparition with the long white hair, however, ran away and was found on the streets by the Christian and brought back to the cavern, where he hid in a dark shadow in the remote end of the crypt and was not seen. Of late the cavern was always full of suppressed excitement; unpremeditated conferences among the Gibborim, which Hesper harshly forbade; and general sharp resentment against imposed regulations and military drill. On several occasions the six hundred were sent in defense of the walls only by sheer force of their leader's will-power. And there they fell in at once with the irregular methods of the Idumeans and fanatics that fought each after his own liking, and the careful instruction of the Maccabee was disregarded. Only so long as he cowed them, they obeyed him; and he seemed to feel, as they seemed to indicate, that when that thing happened which all Jerusalem indefinitely expected and could not name, his control over them would be lost beyond restoration. On the night of the fall of the Roman tower, the Maccabee's forces had been withdrawn for rest to their retreat and at midnight were formed again for return to the fortifications. By the strange inscrutable spread of rumor, sweeping with the air, the tidings of the miracle and the rise of Seraiah poured in upon the restive hundreds that the Maccabee was attempting to form in his fortress. It came like the gradual velocity of a burning star across the sky. From the ranks nearest the exit from the burrow the murmur issued, growing into intelligible sound, mounting to the wildness of hysteria and prevailing wholly over the Gibborim in the space between heart-beats. Everywhere they cast down their spears and their weapons, everywhere they gazed at him with brilliant threatening eyes and cried in loud voices so that the things each mad mind put into expression were lost in a great unintelligible raving. Laodice, the Christian and that white-haired trembler in his refuge, saw the Maccabee raise himself to his full height and lifting his sword confront in one grand effort at command a mob of six hundred madmen! Perhaps that manifestation of iron courage and strength, which the crazy lot somehow realized, saved him from death. Instead of falling upon him they turned away from the scene of the last vain effort for their own salvation and rushed, trampling one another, into the mad city of Jerusalem. From without, the hoarse uproar of their desertion was heard to merge with the great tumult over the Holy City. Tense silence fell in the crypt. The light of the torch wavered up and down the tall figure of the Maccabee as he stood transfixed in the attitude of command that had achieved nothing. It seemed the final inclination beyond the perpendicular that precedes the fall. The Christian started from his place and hurried toward the tense figure in the torch-light. Laodice, unconscious of what she did, approached him with an agony of distress for him written in her face. The white-haired apparition crept out a little way on his knees and putting aside his tangled locks gazed with burning eyes at the defeated man. Laodice, in her anxiety, moved into the range of the Maccabee's vision. The next instant he had thrown away his sword and had caught her in a crushing embrace to him. His voice, blunted and repressed as if something had him by the throat, was stunning her ear. "And thou!" he was saying. "What from thee, now? Hate! Curses! Ingratitude! Hast thou poison for me, or a knife? Or worse, yet, scorn? Speak! It is a day of enlightenment! I'll brook anything but deceit!" She stopped him in the midst of his vehement despair, by laying her hands on his hair. There surged to her lips all the eloquence of her love and sympathy, but beside her old Nathan stood—an embodiment of her conscience, watching. Twice she essayed to put into words the comfort of her submission to his love. Twice her lips failed her; but the third time she turned to the Christian. "Rabbi, what shall I do?" she implored. "Tell me out of thy wisdom!" "What is it?" he asked, feeling that there was more than sympathy for the defeated man in her heart. "What would thy Christ have me to do?" she insisted. "This stranger, here, is the joy of my heart; I am like to die if I can not give him the love that I feel for him this hour!" The startled Christian looked at her with suspicion growing in his eyes. "Art thou a wife? Wedded to another than this man?" he asked gravely. "Wedded," she whispered, "to one who hath denied me, affronted me and cast me out of his house! In this man I have found favor from the beginning. He has been tender of me, he has sheltered me, and he has strengthened me against himself to this hour. There has been nothing sinful between us!" The old Christian's face grew immeasurably sad. "There is but one thing for you to do," he said. She wrenched herself away from the Maccabee, who had been angrily protesting against her carrying his case to another for decision, and confronted Nathan. "But he rejected me!" she cried with earnestness. "That alone is enough among our people for divorcement!" The Christian shook his head sadly. He was not happy to lay down this prohibition before them who suffered. "There is no help in thy faith for such as I am. In that thy religion fails!" she cried. "Love, now, is all in all to thee, daughter. It is but the speech of thy young blood running through thy veins, the claim of thy youth to thy use upon earth. Resist it; for when thy years are as many as mine thou wilt lose thy rebellious spirit and the fervor will have died out of thy heart. Then, if thou hast fallen in this hour, how vain and worthless it will seem to thee! Divine fires in the heart of men never become changed in value. Love purely and thou wilt never repent; but I say unto thee thou fashionest for thyself humbled and shamed old age if thou transgressest the Law!" "What mercy, then, since thou preachest mercy, in filling me with this weakness if my life must be darkened resisting it, and my future show no relief for it?" she insisted passionately. It was the cry old as the world. He looked at her sadly, hopelessly. "As for God, His way is perfect," he said. "How unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out! Thou shalt struggle with the truth, my daughter, but without fail and most readily thou shalt know when thou hast sinned!" She was past the influence of argument. Impulse controlled her now entirely. She would see if there were not an intelligence, even a religion which would see her sorrow from her own heart's position. She listened now to the words of her lover. "He is an exclaimer, a prophet of doom!" he was crying. "Love me and let us die!" Without in the entrance of the crypt some great-lunged fanatic was calling the multitude to harken to the prophetess. The Maccabee's lips were against her cheek as he continued to speak. "It is the end! There is no help for us. Love me, and let me be happy an hour before we perish! The Nazarene is right! The city is cursed! God's wrath is upon us. The hour is still ours. Love me and let us die!" Without the great voice, like an unwearying bell, was calling: "A sign! A sign! Behold the Deliverer! Come all ye who would share his triumph and hear! Hear! Come ye and be fed, ye hungry; be drunken, ye thirsty; love and be loved, ye forlorn!" Laodice stiffened in the Maccabee's clasp. "Dost thou hear?" she whispered. "It may be true!" He shook his head that he had bowed upon her shoulder. "Let us go," she urged. "Perchance he has comfort for us. Come, Hesper; let us see what he has for the forlorn." "Who?" he asked dully. "They say the Deliverer has come." He shook his head again, but with her two hands she lifted his face from its refuge, and urging with her eyes and her hands and her lips she led him toward the stairs. The Christian looked after them. "For there shall arise false Christs; and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect," he said sorrowfully. The horror of the city augmented hour by hour. The Jerusalem Laodice locked upon now was infinitely more afflicted than the one she had seen in the daylight days before. The walls were now outlined by fire which illuminated all the city that lay directly beneath the beacons. To the north gnomish outlines by hundreds against the flames showed where the soldiers of the factionists were placing the topmost stones upon an inner wall or curtain erected just within the Old Wall, which was by this time shaking and cracking under the assaults of a great siege-engine without. Titus, awakened by the fall of his tower, had immediately renewed the attack, although the morning was still some hours distant. But the citizens were no longer disinterested, no longer wrapped in hopelessness and dull misery. Hungry, sleepless, houseless, diseased and mad though they were, their hollow eyes gleamed now with hope that was almost defiant. Around the Maccabee and Laodice roared the comment of the multitude. "They say he climbed to the summit of the outer wall overlooking Tophet and remains there a target for the Roman arrows, which rebound from him!" cried one. "One of John's men says that the heads of the arrows are blunted and the most of them snapped in two when they are picked up." "The Romans have ceased to shoot at him!" "They say that his footprints in the dust on the Tyropean Bridge are Hebrew letters writing 'Elia' in gold!" "It is said that the inner Temple is rocking with trumpet blasts and that John is struck dead!" "They say that those who believe in him shall ask for whatever they would have and have it!" "The breaches in the First Wall have been healed; the old rock is back in its place!" "They say that the dead beyond the wall in Tophet are prophesying!" "There is a bolt of lightning fixed in the sky over Titus' camp. We are called to go forth and see it fall!" A voice swept by distantly crying that a woman had eaten her child. Crazed Posthumus, self-elected guardian of the Law, with the sacred roll under his arm, declaimed, without any of his audience attending, that prophecy which this horror fulfilled. All Jerusalem was in the streets; all Jerusalem poured into the immense open space where some palatial ruin stood, and melted in the giant concourse that gathered to hear the prophetess. Laodice and the Maccabee were unable to see the woman; only her voice, mystic, musical, pitched at a singing monotone, intoning rather than speaking, reached them from the distance. The long harangue, delivered as a chant, had long ago had a mesmerizing effect on her audience. Absolutely she controlled them; along the dead level of her preaching they maintained a low continuous murmur, accompanied by a slight slow swaying of the body; in the climaxes of the appeal they responded with cries and wild gestures, flinging themselves about in attitudes characteristic of their frenzy. In their faces was the reflection of a peculiar light that proved that derangement had settled over Jerusalem. It was the end of the reign of reason. "It is the abomination of desolation. Even so, it is finished! It is the time, it is full time, and Michael hath come. There are seventy weeks; behold them. The transgression is finished and the end hereto of all sins. Approacheth the hour for the reconciliation for iniquity and to bring in everlasting righteousness and to seal up the vision and prophecy and to anoint the most Holy! Prepare ye!" Somewhere in the city a voice that was heard even by the fighting-men on the wall in Akra cried: "The Sacrifice has failed! The Oblation is ceased! There is no Offering for the Altar; none is left to offer it!" The vast gathering heard it, and immediately from the high place of the prophetess came back the words, prompt and effective: "And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease!" Posthumus, buried in the midst of the crowd, was shouting, but over him the splendid mesmerism of the prophetess' voice soared. "The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children; they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people ... The punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; ... and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate!" Among the crowd now growing frantic, people began to cry: "A sign! A sign!" "Persecute and destroy them in anger from under the Heaven of the Lord!" "Lead us!" they still shouted. They were hungry; they had been abstinent; they had surrendered their riches and their comforts. It was not independence but necessities that they wanted now. The primal wants were at the surface. "Come up and be filled!" she cried. "Ask and it shall be given unto you! Eat of the grapes and the honey; drink of wine and warm milk; sleep as kings; be housed in mansions; be rulers; command potentates! Let kings bow at your footstools! Be replenished; be great! Suffering hath been your portion since the earth was; but the end is come. Draw nigh and have your recompense. Laugh, you whose eyes have trickled down with the waters of affliction! You in the low dungeon come forth and range all the free boundaries of the world. Whosoever hath gravel between his teeth, let them be grapes! He who sitteth alone, gather company and revel unto him! Feast, ye hungry; be drunken, ye thirsty; love and be loved, ye forlorn!" Laodice leaned forward suddenly and hung on the woman's words. "The time for sacrifice and humiliation is paid out! It was a long time! Now, behold in the generosity of his repentance, ye shall ask and nothing shall be denied. Speak! Ask! The whole world, Heaven and earth and the delights of all the years are yours, now and for all time!" At Laodice's side was Amaryllis. The Greek's face was pale but lighted with a certain enlightenment that was almost threatening. Startled and frightened Laodice moved back from the Greek, who moved with her, without a glance at the Maccabee. The voice of the prophetess swept on: "Ye have bowed to tyrants and bent your necks to murderers; ye have waged wars for pillagers and shared not in the spoils. Why are ye hungry now? Who is full-fed in these days of want, yourselves or your masters? A sword, a sword is drawn; uphold the arm that wields it!" "Sedition!" Amaryllis whispered, as the mob began to murmur and stir at this new doctrine. "For behold, he shall go forth with great fury to destroy and utterly to make away many!" Amaryllis bent so she could whisper in Laodice's ear. "John hath taken him a new woman to keep him cheerful this hour. I was not daring enough. Philadelphus' wife hath supplanted me. Your place with him is vacant. Go back and possess it!" "Why was appetite and desire and thirst of power and the love of riches lighted in you, but to be satisfied?" The prophetess' words swept in after Laodice's sudden fear of returning to Philadelphus. "We have expiated the sin of Adam, the greed of Jacob and the fault of David. The judgment is run out; ye have come to your own! Verily, I say unto you, if ye follow me in the name of him who hath come unto you, the world shall be yours!" Amaryllis still continued to whisper, and Laodice, fearing that the Maccabee might hear, drew farther away. He stood where she had left him, with his head lowered, waiting—at last a creature dependent on another's will. "Listen!" Amaryllis said. "I have been seeking you since midnight! Philadelphus' doubt was awakened in this woman. He questioned her, so minutely that she betrayed ignorance of many things she should have known had she been the real daughter of Costobarus. And when finally he taxed her with imposture, she robbed him of the dowry and fled to John. Convinced that you are his wife, he set forth and hath since searched for you without ceasing! See, over there! He seeks you, now!" Laodice looked the way the Greek pointed and saw Philadelphus, standing with lifted head and stretched to his full height, as if searching over the crowd for her. Panic seized her. She wrenched herself from the Greek's hold and, forgetting even the protection of Hesper who was within touch of her, she threw herself into the crowd behind her and struggled out of the press. Nathan, the Christian, saw her turn and followed instantly in the path she made. Once out, she turned in a bewildered manner this way and that. What refuge, now, for her, indeed, but the cavern under the ruin and the care of Hesper, until the end which should swallow them all! A trembling hand was laid on her arm. She whirled, expecting to find Philadelphus. Beside her, his old face radiant with emotion, stood Momus! THE FAITHFUL SERVANT Within the Roman lines was a bent and deformed figure of an old waif that the soldiers had picked up attempting to run the lines into Jerusalem the second day after the siege had been laid about the Holy City. The old man, though wrinkled and twisted and bowed, had fought with such terrible savagery and had incontinently laid in the dust in succession three of the camp's best fighting-men, that the Roman soldiers, for ever partizan to the strong man, had finally with great difficulty succeeded in trussing the old belligerent and had brought him before Titus. There they laid the twisted old burden before the young general and shamelessly told how he, thrice the age of the vanquished men, had finished them with despatch. It was evident that the old man was a Jew; it became also apparent that he was dumb and partly deaf, and further to their amazement and admiration, they discovered that his right leg and arm were too stiff for ordinary use and that he had done his wonderful execution with terrific left limbs. This saved his life and gave him a partial liberty. Titus, however, admitted to Carus that the old man's distress at being kept out of Jerusalem was pitiable enough to urge the young general to deport him and get him out of sight. For it was manifest that the old minotaur was in deep trouble. But his paralyzed tongue would not serve him, and his menial ignorance had not provided him with the means of telling his desire by writing. Titus was unable to understand from his signs anything further than that he wished to get into the city. The young general in one of his outbursts of generosity would have permitted this, but that Nicanor happened in at an evil moment and drew such pictures of calamitous effect in passing the old servant into Jerusalem that Titus was forced reluctantly and irritably to be convinced of the folly of his kindness. So here, through the terrible days of the siege, old Momus at times desperate and savage, at others piteously suppliant, wore on the sentries' peace of mind and stood like a shadow, for ever watching the white walls of the besieged city. The Romans were now within the city. Only Zion and the Temple held against them. A wall built with the thoroughness of David, the ancient, and solidified by the mortising of Time, ran directly from Hippicus to the Tyropean Valley, joining the tremendous fortifications of Moriah and so cut off Zion from the advance of the army. Securely intrenched within that quarter and the Temple, Simon and John began the last resistance which should tax Roman endurance and Roman patience as it had not been taxed before. Titus no longer lagged. Famine had long since become a powerful ally and the honor of the Flavian house rested upon his immediate subjugation of the rebellious city. He no longer expected capitulation; yet he did not neglect to be prepared for it and to encourage it. Though the heart of the historian Josephus broke, he did not fail to serve his patron as mediator, though without hope. Titus himself, as from time to time the horror of his work impressed itself upon him, made overtures to the factionists, neglecting no art or inducement which should convince the seditious that their resistance was foolhardy, even mad. At such times, Nicanor's face became contemptuous and Carus himself frowned at the young general's attitude. But the spirit of a Roman and the traditions of a soldier even could not prevent the young man from weakening at times before the charnel pit in Tophet where countless thousands of vultures fattened with roaring of wings and hissing of combat. But under an ever-thickening veil of horrid airs, the struggle went on. The Roman Ides of July arrived. Titus had erected banks upon which his engines were raised to batter the walls of the Temple. From Titus' camp, the Romans on sick leave, the commissaries, those attached to the army who were not fighting-men, and old Momus, saw first, before the attack on the Temple began, a soft increasing dun-colored vapor rise between the Temple and Antonia. It issued from the cloister at the northwest which joined the Roman tower. As they watched, they saw that vapor grow into a pale but intensely luminous smoke, as if fine woods and burning metals were consumed together. In a moment the whole north-west section was embraced in a sublime pall of fire. John was burning away the connection between the Temple and the tower and was making the sacred edifice four-square. As soon as it became confirmed, in the minds of the watchers in the Roman camp, that the Temple had been fired, the old mute among them seemed to become wholly unbalanced. Without warning, he leaped upon the nearest sentry who, not expecting the attack, went down with a clatter of armor and a shout of astonishment. The next instant the old man was making across the intervening space between the camp and Jerusalem as fast as his stiff legs could carry him. The purple sentry sprang to his feet and strung an arrow, but before he could send it singing, the old minotaur was mixed with a second soldier in such confusion that the first sentry hesitated to shoot lest he should kill his fellow. Another moment and a second soldier was struggling in the impediment of his armor in the dust and the old mute was again hobbling straight away toward the walls of Jerusalem. He was now a fair mark for the first sentry, but that Roman's rancor died after he had seen his own disgrace covered by the overthrow of his fellow. Two of Titus' scouts next stood in the path of the running old man. One went to the ground so suddenly and so violently that the watchers, now breaking into howls of delight, knew that he had been tripped. The other stood but a moment longer, than he, too, rolled into the dust. The old man might have gone no farther at this juncture, for at every latest triumph he left a crimson soldier murderous with shame. But before the arrow next strung to overtake him could fly, Titus, Carus and Nicanor, accompanied by their escort, rode between the fugitive and the men he had defeated. "There goes our minotaur," Carus said quietly. Titus drew up his horse and looked. Nicanor with a sidelong glance awaited the young Roman's command to his escort to ride down the fugitive. But he waited, and continued to wait, while Titus with lifted head and with indecision in his eyes watched the deformed old shape hobble on toward the Wall of Circumvallation. "Shall we let him go?" Nicanor inquired coldly. "If some of my legionaries or those erratic Jews fail to get him between here and Jerusalem, he shall get into Jerusalem. But by Hector, he will earn his entry!" They saw the old man mount by the causeway of earth which the Romans had built over the siege wall for the passage of the troops, saw him an instant outlined against the sky on the summit, and the next instant he disappeared. Titus touched his horse and rode at a trot toward the causeway himself. He would see the end of this mad venture. In the hour of sunrise the sentinel above the North Gate in the Old Wall saw among the ruins of the houses of Coenopolis a figure dodging painfully hither and thither. It was not habited in the brasses of the Roman armor. Also, it hobbled as if lame and ran toward the gate fast closed below the sentry. The Jew, too intensely interested in the great climax enacting in the city below, ceased to remark on this figure. Presently, however, he looked again into ruined Coenopolis. He saw there this un-uniformed figure wrapped in fierce embrace with a young legionary. Almost before the sentry's astonishment shaped itself into exclamation, the legionary was tumbled aside as if crushed and the old figure hobbled on. Suddenly there appeared in the path of the wayfarer a galloping horseman, who drew his mount back on his haunches, then spurred him to ride down the old man. The sentry on the Old Wall made a choked sound, unslung his bow and sent an arrow singing. There was a shout and the figure of the horseman plunged from his saddle face down on the earth. The wayfarer flung himself away and rushed toward the wall, only a little distance away. But all Coenopolis seemed to swarm now with legionaries, afoot or horseback. The Jewish sentry rushed to the edge of the tower overhanging the gate. "Open!" he shouted below. "One cometh!" With a rattle and clang of falling bars and chains the gate of the Old Wall swung. Disregarding the known wishes of Titus, two of the legionaries simultaneously let fly their javelins. But the mute, hobbling uncertainly, was not a steady mark and under the whistle of arrows received and sent, he blundered up the causeway leading to the Gate of the Old Wall, and the portal slowly and ponderously closed behind him. Wild howls of derision and exultation went up from the Jews. Many of the soldiers clambered down to satisfy their curiosity about the latest addition to the starving garrison. But he proved to be a deformed old man, mute and weary, who was distressed for fear he would be detained by them and who hobbled out into the besieged city and posted as fast as his legs could carry him toward the house of Amaryllis, the Seleucid. But at the edge of a great open space where the Herodian palaces had stood he came upon a concourse which seemed to be all Jerusalem. It was a gaunt horde, shouting, raging, prophesying and drowning the roar of battle at the Temple fortifications with the sound of religious frenzy. Momus, fresh from the orderly camp of Titus, was struck with terror. He would have retreated and followed some side street toward his destination, when he caught sight of a girl on the very outskirts of this mob. Momus laid a trembling hand on her arm. She threw up her head with a start. The tremulous old man, weakened from his long and superhuman struggle to enter the doomed city, held Laodice to his breast while she stroked his rough cheeks and murmured things that he did not hear and which she did not realize in the rush of her helplessness and dismay. At the corner of Moriah and the Old Wall, the tumult was infernal. Out of the suffocating sallow smoke from the tuns of burning tar heaved over the fortification upon the engines and their managers, the stones from the catapults soared into view and fell upon the sun-colored marbles that paved the Court of the Gentiles. Clouded by the vapor, targets for the immense missiles, the Jews heaving and writhing in personal encounters appeared black and inhuman. Every combatant shouted; the great stones screamed; the boiling pitch hissed and roared, and the thunder of the conflict shook the Temple to its very foundations. Without, the Romans planted scaling ladders, mounted them and were pitched backward into the moat regularly. Regularly, the ladders were set up again after struggle, mounted without hesitation and thrown down again, with an inevitability which furnished a grim travesty to the struggle. The two remaining towers were set in position against the base of Moriah and resumed execution. One after another the engines of the Romans were hauled into position, and worked unceasingly until covered with burning oil from the battlements above and consumed. Others were hauled into place; fresh detachments of Romans seized upon the scaling-ladders or mounted to the towers, and the roar of the conflict never abated. Meanwhile on the slopes of Zion the whole of Jerusalem, gaunt, dying and demoniacal, was packed in the ruins of the palace of Herod. Old Momus with triumph and tearful exultation was holding out to Laodice a heavy roll of writings, dangling important seals, ancient papers showing yellow beside the fresh parchment, and an old record dark with long handling. Here were the proofs of her identity! Laodice shrank from him with a gasp that was almost a cry. Behold, the faithful old servant had suffered she knew not what to bring such evidence as would force her to do that which she believed she could not do and survive! Momus sought to put the papers in her hands, but she thrust them away and he stood looking at her in amazement and sorrow. Nathan, the Christian, stood close to her. From the opposite side, Philadelphus rounded the outskirts of the mob, searching. He did not see her. She flung herself between Momus and Nathan and cowered down until Philadelphus had passed from sight. When she lifted her head, Momus was gazing at her with the light of shocked comprehension growing in his eyes. Nathan, the Christian, touched her. "Who was that man?" he asked gravely. She rose and laid her hands on the Christian's shoulders. "My husband," she said. Something had happened at the Temple. She saw the Jews at the wall recoil from the dust of battle, rally, plunge in and disappear. From out that presently shone now and again, then with increasing frequency and finally in great numbers, the brass mail of Roman legionaries. Titus' forces had scaled the wall. From her position, she saw running toward them John of Gischala, with his long garments whipping about him, wrapping his tall figure in live cerements. He was disarmed and bleeding. She saw next Amaryllis, with compassionate uplifted hands stop in his way; saw next the Gischalan thrust her aside with a blow and the next instant disappear as if the earth had swallowed him. Nathan was speaking to her. "How often, O my daughter, we recognize truth and deny it because it does not give us our way! God put a sense of the right in us. We transgress it oftener than we mistake it!" The roar of the turning battle and the mob about her drowned his next words, except, "You can not be happy in iniquity; neither blessed; but you are sure to be afraid. Right has its own terror, but there is at least courage in being right, against your desires." He was talking continuously, but only at times did the wind from the uproar sweep his fervent words to her. "Christ had His own conflict with Himself. What had become of us had He listened to the tempter in the wilderness, or failed to accept the cup in the Garden of Gethsemane! How much we have the happiness of Christ in our hands! Alas! that His should be a sorrowful countenance in Heaven! "The love of a man for a woman was near to the Master's heart! How can you feel that you must love and be loved in spite of Him! Pity yourself all you may you can not then be pitied so much as He pities you! "Love as long and as wilfully as you will, and then it is only a little space. The time of the supremacy of Christ cometh surely, and that is all eternity! Which will you do—please yourself for an hour, or be pleased by the will of God through all time? Love is in the hands of the Lord; you can not consign it longer than the little span of your life to the hands of the devil." Momus, in whose mind had passed an immense surmise, was again at her side. "O daughter of a noble father," his dumb gaze said, "wilt thou put away that virtue which was born in thee and let my labor come to naught?" But the preaching of Nathan and the reproach of Momus were feeble, compared to the great tumult that went on in her soul. She had seen John of Gischala cast Amaryllis aside. Even the Greek's sympathy was hateful to him. Yet when Laodice had first entered the house of Amaryllis, the woman had been obliged to dismiss John from her presence for his own welfare and the welfare of the city. Why this change? Amaryllis was no less beautiful, no less brilliant, no less attractive than she had once been; but the Gischalan had wearied of her. Laodice recalled that she had not been surprised to see the man throw Amaryllis aside. It seemed to be the logical outcome of love such as theirs. How, then, was she to escape that which no other woman escaped who loved without law? In the soul of that stranger who had called himself Hesper, were lofty ideals, which had not been the least charm which had attracted her to him. Was she, then, to dislodge these holy convictions, to take her place in his heart as one falling short of them, or were they still to exist as standards which he loved and which she could not reach? In either event, how long would he love—what was the length of her probation before she, too, would encounter the inevitable weariness? It occurred to her, then, how nearly the natural law of such love paralleled the religious prohibition that the Christian had shown to her. However harsh and unjust the sentence seemed, it was rational. With her own eyes she had seen its predictions borne out. Already the relief of the sorrowing righteous possessed her. She turned to the Christian. "Take me to my husband," she said. "Now! While I have strength." Momus caught the old Christian by the arm and, signing eagerly that he would lead, hurried away in advance of the two down into the ravine and crossed to the house of Amaryllis. There were no soldiers to stop them about the house. When no response was made to her knock, Laodice opened the door and passed in. Her old conductors followed her. Amaryllis sat in her ivory chair; opposite her in the exedra was Philadelphus. At sight of him, the last of the soft color went out of Laodice's face. A curve of despair marked the corners of her mouth and she seemed to grow old before those that looked at her. Philadelphus and the Greek sprang to their feet, the instant the group entered. Laodice waited for no preliminary. Amaryllis' design was patent to her; it was part of her sorrow that now Hesper would be free to the devices of this deceitful woman. So she did not look at the Greek. She addressed Philadelphus in a voice from which all hope and vivacity had gone. "I have brought proofs. Behold them!" Nathan, the Christian, stood forth. "I, Nathan of Jerusalem, met and talked with this Laodice, daughter of Costobarus, in company with Aquila, the Ephesian, three men-servants in all the panoply and state of a coming princess three leagues out of Ascalon, her native city. I buried by the roadside her father, who died of pestilence on their journey hither. I bear witness that she is the daughter of Costobarus and thy wedded wife." A great light sprang into the face of the Greek. Philadelphus, nervous, albeit the news he heard filled him with pleasure, stood and waited. The Christian stepped back and Momus, bowing, approached and handed the leather roll into the none too steady hands of the Ephesian. He opened it and drew forth parchments. Aloud he read a minute description of Laodice from the rabbi of the synagogue in Ascalon; under the great seals of the Roman state, he found and read the oath of the prefect, that such a maiden as the rabbi had described had been married before him to Philadelphus Maccabaeus fourteen years before. Then followed the depositions of forty Jews and Gentiles who were nurses, tradesmen and other people like to have daily contact with the young woman in her house, setting entirely at naught any claim that Laodice was other than the wife who had been supplanted by an adventuress. Philadelphus did not read them all. Before he made an end he dropped the documents and flung wide his arms. But Laodice with a countenance frozen with suffering held him off for a moment. "Go," she said to the old Christian, "unto Hesper and lead him into the belief of the Lord Jesus Christ which is mine." The old Christian approached the fountain in the center of the andronitis and taking up water in his palm sprinkled a few drops on her hair while she knelt. "In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost, I baptize thee, Laodice. Amen!" While she knelt, he said: "I shall search for him also. Christ have mercy on thee now and for ever. Farewell." He was gone. When Nathan, the Christian, stepped into the streets once more there was an immense accession of tumult about him. He turned to look toward the corner of the Old Wall in time to behold Jews in armor and Romans in blazing brass rush together in a great cloud of dust as the Old Wall went in and Titus swept down upon Jerusalem. At the same instant from the ruined high place upon Zion came a roar of stupendous menace. The Christian, with sublime indifference to danger, kept his path toward the concourse from which he had taken Laodice. As he ascended the opposite slope of the ravine, he saw, descending toward the battle, the front of a rushing multitude, as irresistible and as destructive as a great sea in a storm. He saw that the mob was turning toward Akra, and to avoid it, the Christian climbed up to the Tyropean Bridge, and from that point viewed the whole of Jerusalem sweeping down upon the heathen. At the head of the inundation passed a melodious voice crying: "An end, an end is come upon the four corners of the land! Draw near every man with his destroying weapon in his hands for the glory of the Lord! For His house is filled with cloud and the Court is full of the brightness of the Lord's glory! A sword! A sword is sharpened! The way is appointed that the sword may come! For the time for favor to Zion is here; yea, the set time is come!" After this poured a gaunt horde numbering tens of thousands. They bore paving-stones, stakes, posts, railings, garden implements, weapons from kitchens, from hardware booths and from armories; anything that one man or a body of men could wield; torches and kettles of tar; chains and ropes; knotted whips, and bundles of fagots; iron spikes, instruments of torture, anything and everything which could be turned as a weapon or to inflict pain upon the Roman, who believed at this moment that Jerusalem was his! The Christian overlooked this ferocious inundation and shook his head. On a mound near him stood the spirit of the mob concentrated and personified. It was crazed Posthumus. He was screaming: "It is finished; the law is run out! All prophecy is fulfilled!" And over his head he was swinging a parchment fiercely burning. It was the Scroll of the Law! After uncounted minutes, vibrating with roar, the terrible flood rushed by. Feeble arms clasped the Christian about the knees and he looked down on the tangled white locks of the palsied man, who had searched for him until he had found him. The Christian laid his hand on the man's head but did not speak. At the breach in the Old Wall, the watchers on that almost deserted street saw the brazen wave of four legions gather and sweep forward to gain ground in the city before the mob swept down on them. Between the two warring bodies, one orderly, prepared but apprehensive, the other mad and perishing, was a considerable space. Fighting still went on at the breach in the walls, but the supreme conflict of a comparatively small body of soldiers and an uncounted horde was not yet precipitated. Ordinarily, the Roman army could have reduced any popular insurrection with half that number of men. But at present the legionaries confronted desperate citizens who were simply choosing their own way to die. Reason and human fear long since had ceased to inspire them. They were believing now and following a prophet because it was the final respite before despair. There was no alternative. It was death whatever they did, unless, in truth, this splendid sorceress was indeed the Voice of the Risen Prince. Force would be of no avail against them. Madness had flung them against Rome; only some other madness would turn them back. The Christian, from his commanding position, expected anything. It was the moment which would show if the false prophet would triumph. If the four legions went down before the multitude, it would mean the ascendancy of a strange woman over Israel, and the obliteration of the faith in Jesus Christ in the Holy Land. It can not be said that the Christian watched the crisis with a calm spirit. He did not wish to see the heathen overthrow the ancient people of God, nor could he behold the triumph of a false Christ. He put his hands together and prayed. A figure appeared between the two bodies of combatants, rushing on intensely, to grapple. It was a tall commanding form, clothed in garments that glittered for whiteness. By the step, by the poise of the head, the Christian recognized Seraiah. The front of the multitude fell on their faces at that moment as if he had struck them down. Out of the forefront, the prophetess appeared. The Christian heard her splendid voice out of the uproar, and while he gazed, he saw mad Seraiah turn away from her, with the front of the mob turning after him, as a needle turns to the pole. In that fatal moment of pause, out of which the warning cry of the prophetess rang wildly, the Roman tribune, in view for a moment under the blowing veils of smoke, flung up his sword, the Roman bugle sang, and the brassy legions of Titus hurled themselves upon the halted mob. The Christian dropped his head into the bend of his elbow and strove to shut out the sound. The nervous arms of the palsied man at his feet gripped him frantically. Up from the corner of the Old Wall, came the prolonged "A-a-a-a!" of dying thousands. Jerusalem had fallen. The foremost of the mob, turning with Seraiah, escaped the onslaught of the Romans, and as the mad Pretender strode toward the broad street from which the Tyropean Bridge crossed to the demesnes of the Temple, they followed him fatuously, blind to the death behind them and the oncoming slaughter in which they might fall. Seraiah passed above the spot where the sorrowful Christian stood, crossed the great causeway leading toward the Royal Portico and after him six thousand blind and insane enthusiasts followed, expecting imminent miracle. Above them towered the heights of Moriah, now veiled in smoke. Up the great white bank of stairs they rushed after him, facing an ordeal which must mean a baptism in fire, and on through a curtain of luminous smoke into a gate pillared in flame, up into the Royal Portico, resounding with the tread of the advancing Destroyer, out into the great Court of Gentiles wrapped in cloud through which the Temple showed, a stupendous cube of heat, through the Gate Beautiful where the Keeper no longer stood, thence into the Women's Court, raftered with red coals, up smoking stones tier upon tier till the roof of the Royal Portico was reached. At the brink of the pinnacle, they saw through tumbling clouds Seraiah towering. He was looking down through masses of smoke upon the City of Delight, perishing. They who had followed watched, uplifted with terror and frenzy, and while they waited for the miracle which should save, the roof crumbled under them and a grave of thrice heated rock received them and covered them up. Below, Nathan, the Christian, seized upon the shoulders of the Maccabee as he was dashing after the thousands. His face was black with terror for Laodice. He struggled to throw off Nathan, crying futilely against the uproar that Laodice was perishing. "Comfort thee!" the Christian shouted in his ear. "She is saved. She sent me to thee." The Maccabee stopped, as if he realized that he need not go on, but had not comprehended what was said to him. Nathan dragged him out of the way, still choked with people struggling to pass on to the Temple or to flee from it. Half-way down the Vale of Gihon, where speech was a little more possible, the Maccabee, who had been crying questions, made the old man hear. "Where is she? Where is she?" "She has returned to her husband. In love with thee, she has done that only which she could do and escape sin. She has gone to shelter with him whom she does not love!" The Maccabee seized his head in his hands. "It is like her—like her!" he groaned. In the Christian's heart he knew how narrowly Laodice had made her lover's mark for her. "It is her wish," Nathan continued, "that I teach thee Christ whom she hath received." "How can I receive Him, when He sent her from me?" the unhappy man groaned, unconscious of his contradictions. "How canst thou reject Him when His teaching led thy love to do that which thine own lips have confessed to be the better thing?" "Then what of myself, when I love where I should not love?" the Maccabee insisted. "You may suffer and sin not," the Christian said kindly. The unhappy man dropped to his knees. "O Christ, why should I resist Thee!" he groaned. "Thou hast stripped me and made me see that my loss is good!" The Christian laid his hands on the Maccabee's head. "Dost thou believe?" he asked. "Will Christ accept me, coming because I must?" "It is not laid down how we shall baptize in the thirst of a famine," Nathan said, "yet He who sees fit to deny water never yet hath denied grace." But the Christian's hand extended over the kneeling man was caught in a grip steadied with intense emotion. The unknown had seized him. But for his feeling that this interruption was necessary to the welfare of another soul, the Christian would not have paused in his ministry. The phantom straightened himself with a superb reinvestment of manhood. "Thou, son of the Maccabee, Philadelphus!" he exclaimed to the kneeling man. The Ephesian's arms sank. "Who art thou that knoweth me?" he asked in a dead voice. "I am all that plague and sin hath left of thy servant Aquila," the phantom declared. The Maccabee lifted his face for what should follow this revelation. It was only a manifestation of his subjection to another will than his own. He was not interested—he who was hoping to die. "Hear me, and curse me!" Aquila went on. "But save thy wife yet. I say unto thee, master, that she whom thou hast sheltered in the cavern is thy wife, Laodice!" The Maccabee struggled up to his feet and gazed with stunned and unbelieving eyes at this wreck of his pagan servant, who went on precipitately. "Her I plotted against at the instigation of Julian of Ephesus. Her, my mistress, Salome the Cyprian, robbed and hath impersonated thus long to her safety in the house of the Greek. This hour, through ignorance of thine own identity, through my fault, she hath gone reluctantly to his arms. Curse me and let me die!" The Maccabee seized the hair at his temples. For a moment the awful gaze he bent upon Aquila seemed to show that the gentler spirit had been dislodged from his heart. Then he cried: "God help us both, Aquila! My fault was greater than thine!" He turned and fled toward the house of the Greek. The four legions of Titus swept after him. Aquila lifted his eyes for the first time and gazed at Nathan. "I cursed thee for sparing me to such an existence as was mine! Behold, father, thou didst bless me, instead. I am ready to die." "Wait," the Christian said peacefully. A moment later, the Maccabee dashed into the andronitis of Amaryllis. After him sprang a terrified servant crying: "The Roman! The Roman is upon us!" A roar of such magnitude that it penetrated the stone walls of Amaryllis' house, swept in after the servant. Quaking menials began to pour into the hall. Among them came the blue-eyed girl, the athlete and Juventius the Swan. These three joined their mistress who stood under a hanging lamp. Into the passage from the court, left open by the frightened servants, swept the prolonged outcry of perishing Jerusalem. Over it all thundered the boom of the siege-engines shaking the earth. The slaves slipped down upon their knees and began to groan together. The silver coins on the lamp began to swing; the brass cyanthus which Amaryllis had recently drained of her last drink of wine moved gradually to the edge of the pedestal upon which she had placed it. The dual nature of the uproar was now distinct; organized warfare and popular disaster at the same time. The Roman was sweeping up the ancient ravine. Jerusalem had fallen. The gradual crescendo now attained deafening proportions; the hanging lamp increased its swing; the silver coins began to strike together with keen and exquisitely fine music. Juventius the Swan, with his dim eyes filled with horror, was looking at them. The peculiar desperate indifference of the wholly hopeless seized him. His long white hands began to move with the motion of the lamp; the music of the meeting coins became regular; he caught the note, and mounting, with a bound, the rostrum that had been his Olympus all his life, began to sing. The melody of his glorious voice struggled only a moment for supremacy with the uproar of imminent death and then his increasing exaltation gave him triumph. The great hall shook with the magnificent power of his only song! The Maccabee confronted Amaryllis, with fierce question in his eyes. She pointed calmly at the heavy white curtain pulled to one side and caught on a bracket. The brass wicket over the black mouth of the tunnel was wide. Without a word, the Maccabee plunged into it and was swallowed up. Amaryllis looked after him. "And no farewell?" she said. The thunder of assault began at her door. Juventius sang it down. The athlete and the girl crept toward the mouth of the black passage, wavered a moment and plunged in. After them tumbled a confusion of artists and servants who were swallowed up, and the hall was filled only with music.
There’s nothing more relaxing than a long drive right? The stereo’s bumping, you’ve got your bouncing baby startup strapped tightly in the car seat in the back, and you’re looking for ice cream, because your startup is about to startup some major crying without ice cream. If you speed, you’ll get to it quickly. If you jump the curb and cut through someone’s lawn you might get to it even faster. But all of that is illegal and dangerous. Do it even once and there’s a chance you could suffer a calamitous outcome, and above all, you’d be putting your precious baby startup in jeopardy. The same applies to private company financings. You’ve GOT to know and adhere to the “rules of the road” or all of the work you’ve done up to this point could be for not. The rules for most private company financings are found under the Securities Exchange Commission’s (SEC) “Rule 506,” which dictates how individuals and startups must conduct themselves when seeking investment funds by selling securities (a share of stock, a convertible note, etc.). Running afoul of these rules can not only prevent you from raising the funds that you need, it could subject your personal assets to exposure (no corporate liability shield will be there to protect you), and in the worst case scenario, subject you to civil and criminal penalties. So, these rules can’t be taken lightly. The Rules of the Road for Private Company Financings under Rule 506 Before you start your securities offering, you have to identify an applicable securities law exemption from registration. What does this mean? Each time your company issues a security, the company must register the securities offering with the SEC and state securities divisions with jurisdiction unless there is an applicable exemption from registration under the securities laws. Meaning, you have to identify a specific provision under both state and federal law that says that either for the type of transaction you are involved with or the type of securities you are selling, you do not have go through a registration process with the SEC or with the particular state. Registration is a very expensive process. Thus, exemptions are key. In general, for most private companies, the exemption most frequently relied upon in the fund raising context is Rule 506 under federal Regulation D. Under Rule 506, companies can raise an unlimited amount of money, as long as they abide by the following “rules of the road”: 1) General Solicitation, Know What You Are Doing – Rule 506 used to flat out prohibit the offer or sale of securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. Now Rule 506 is split into two rules – Rule 506(b) (the “old rule 506”) and Rule 506(c). Under old Rule 506, now known as 506(b), you still can’t generally solicit. The rule states that “neither the issuer nor any person acting on its behalf shall offer or sell the securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising.” Advertising seems like a great way to find prospective investors, but that’s a no-no under Rule 506(b). No matter how tempting it is to post to Twitter or LinkedIn that you are raising money, don’t do it. Under new Rule 506(c), you can generally solicit, but if you do, you have to take additional steps to verify that all of your investors are in fact accredited investors. The rules say that this means you have to ask them for their Forms W-2, or their personal financial statements. Your prospective investors may get upset when you ask them for this information. Or they may back out of your deal. Thus, before you generally solicit, consider carefully what you are getting yourself into. Red this blog post: 10 Things To Consider Before Generally Soliciting. 2) Accredited investors only – One of the keys in raising money in Rule 506 offerings is to accept funds only from accredited investors. If you accept funds from only accredited investors, there is no specific information that you need to provide (no audited financials, for example). Note: that doesn’t mean you don’t have to provide information; it just means that there is no specific format for the types of information you have to provide. You’re still subject to the anti-fraud requirements of federal and state law. Here’s another important note: The rule that says that in a Rule 506(b) offering you can raise money from up to 35 non-accredited investors —don’t be misled. Keep on reading the rule. If you do, you will see that, if you accept money from any non-accredited investors (even one), you will have to provide the potential investors a voluminous amount of information. The same as in a registered offering. Read—very, very expensive. You probably don’t want to do this. So, accept money from accredited investors only. Accredited investors generally are: High net worth individuals – The SEC defines this individual as “a natural person” (a human being as opposed to a “legal person” such as a corporation) who has individual net worth (meaning, net of debt), or joint net worth with the person’s spouse, in excess of $1 million at the time of the purchase, not including the value of their primary residence (vacation homes can count). High income person – This is a natural person with income exceeding $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with a spouse exceeding $300,000 for those years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in the current year. Entities In Which All Owners Are Accredited – This can be a business in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors. Director or Executive Officers of the Company – These individuals can be a director, executive officer, or general partner of the company selling the securities. Certain Other Entities – Entities with assets in excess of $5 million not specifically created in order to acquire the securities offered can qualify. 3) File Forms D – In a Rule 506 offering, you are supposed to file a Form D with the SEC and with most states in which investors are resident within 15 days of first raising money. 4) Be careful with finders – Be careful with folks who want to charge you a fee to help you raise money. First, any such fees will have to be disclosed to investors as part of the offering. Second, the SEC and state securities regulators take a dim view of finders, especially finders who are not registered as broker/dealers (for an example, see http://www.sec.gov/news/press/2013/2013-36.htm). The SEC will want you to disclose on your Form D who you used as a finder in your financing. And certain states give investors the right to rescind investments in which unregistered finders were involved (e.g., see California’s law on finders). 5) Beware of “integration” with other offerings – In Rule 506 offerings, you have to be careful, because all sales that are part of the same offering must meet all of the terms and conditions of Regulation D. So, if you sold stock to friends and family who were not accredited three months ago—and now you want to sell stock to investors in an all accredited investor offering—your prior stock sales to your friends and family may be “integrated” into, and disrupt, your planned all accredited offering and not allow you to rely on Rule 506. 6) No Bad Actors – If you are a regular reader of this blog, then you may have heard the term bad actors mentioned. For a full detailed description of bad actors see the article Willful Blindness: The Rule 506 Securities Law Exemption and the New “Bad Actor” Rules. The SEC has now adopted the final rules that prohibit companies from using Rule 506 if bad actors are involved with the company. The new rules are now in effect. You can read them here: http://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2013/33-9414.pdf If you are raising money under Rule 506, you now have to investigate your directors, executive officers, 20% or greater shareholders, and other officers involved in your offering. If they are “bad actors,” you have to make disclosure of this to your investors, and or you may not be able to use Rule 506 at all. Always consult counsel on your offerings. So let’s recap: don’t advertise for funds unless you have carefully thought it through, file your Forms D with the SEC and state securities regulators, choose only accredited investors, be wary of finders, look out for integration, and keep your eye out for bad actors. It seems like a lot, but nobody said that there weren’t going to be potholes in the road to your dreams. We just know that swerving around them is a heck of a lot less damaging than plowing into them. Now drive safely…somebody needs some ice cream.
We know that galaxies and nebulae are critical to our understanding of the Universe. But that wasn’t always the case. Galileo doesn’t seem to have noticed the Orion Nebula when he sketched some of its stars. After the great genius Isaac Newton explained how gravity drives planetary motion, the scientific community focused its endeavours on the Solar System; nebulae were a sideshow. Even the man who first catalogued galaxies and nebulae, Charles Messier, had no interest in them, he was simply compiling a list of all the objects in the sky that weren’t comets — and which, in his view, could therefore be ignored. As Sheehan and Conselice explain, all this started to change with William Herschel and his sister Caroline. The authors bring to life the men and women who observed the skies, scrutinised photographic plates, recorded data, and theorised. They tell these personal stories with detail and passion — and in so doing tell a remarkable tale about the twists and turns of astronomical discovery. Their scope ranges from the Herschels to E.C. Pickering and E.E. Barnard, Ejnar Hertzsprung and Henry Norris Russel, Annie Jump Cannon and the mercurial Fritz Zwicky, right up to the modern-day cosmologists. One favourite chapter is about how astronomers tried to measure the size of the Milky Way — not easy when we’re all sitting inside it. A hundred years ago, estimates ranged from 3,000 to 300,000 light-years. With many great photographs — from Edwin Hubble to the Hubble Space Telescope — a robust approach to the science which is (usually) very well explained, and detailed footnotes, this is a history of galactic astronomy that should definitely find space on your bookshelf. Reviewed by Andy Sawers
Determining whether returning customers are genuine or imposters can no longer rely upon just Positive Identity Verification solutions. Fraudsters simply use stolen identities, hidden proxies, botnets and scripted attacks to evade discovery. Today, there is a new generation of Negative Identity Verification solutions that use additional elements such as the device, network, or other anomalies associated with a specific transaction to stop fraud. This white paper will detail: - Why existing Positive Identity Verification management solutions alone are inadequate to the task of stopping fraudsters using stolen identities; - Why Negative Identity Verification management solutions can help determine whether a transaction is suspicious; - Why ThreatMetrix' SaaS-based solution is better than behind the firewall solutions.
Jun 27, 2015 WASHINGTON In a longsought victory for the gay rights movement, the Supreme Court ruled by a 5to4 vote on Friday that the Constitution guarantees a right to samesex marriage. No longer The arguments and motives pertaining to the question, should gay marriage be legal, have been discussed in detail in this OpinionFront article. Regardless of whether you are pro samesex marriage or against it, it's important that Roxy. Age: 35. i welcome you-- my name is roxy,a professional and sensual massage therapist living in budapest and would love spoiling you!i dress elegantly and have the sexiest lingerie and costumes... Gay marriage rights should be equal to those attained by opposite sex couples. Otherwise, there is no such thing as equal rights. Domestic partnerships, same sex marriages and civil unions should all be considered equal to marriage.
11 Apr 2019 Join with IAP2 BC & Yukon Chapter members for an evening of networking, sharing and discussion on all things P2! We will provide appetizers for guests to share. If you’d like beverages or a meal, you will be expected to purchase your own. Please RSVP to attend here: P2 Drinks Kamloops.
1. Subaru Mobile Test Drives are subject to a) individual Subaru authorised retailer test drive terms and conditions; b) vehicle availability; and/or c) retailer staff availability. For details contact your local participating Subaru Retailer. 2. In some locations test drive models and variants available may be limited. Your Subaru Retailer will let you know if your requested model or variant is not available. 3. Subaru Mobile Test Drives are available for addresses within a maximum 15-kilometre radius of the sales site address of participating Subaru Retailers only. Subaru Mobile Test Drives outside of this radius will be at the participating Subaru Retailer’s discretion. 4. Subaru Mobile Test Drives are not available on a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday. 5. Whilst your Subaru Retailer will use reasonable efforts to facilitate the date and/or time requested by you, no guarantee is provided in this regard. 6. You must have a valid Australian driver's license and may also be required to sign a test drive/loan car agreement prior to test drive. Generally, these agreements require that you agree to be responsible for any non-insured damage to the vehicle together with any penalties, fines and court costs incurred while you are driving the test drive vehicle. 7. Insurance policies taken out over test drive cars will not give you complete cover. You may be liable to pay an excess in the event you are involved in at fault accident whist driving the vehicle. Ask your Subaru Retailer for details. 8. Your request for a Subaru Mobile Test Drive via this website is not guaranteed until your nominated retailer confirms your booking with you. Please contact them directly if you have not heard from them within 24 hours of making your booking. 9. By making a Subaru Mobile Test Drive booking, you agree to all of the above terms and conditions.
The Therapists in Disability and Schools Network is a professional special interest group for speech pathologists, occupational therapists, music therapists and psychologists who have an interest in or are currently working with disability in schools. The group will meet 3 times per year to discuss up-to-date information on models of service delivery, the National Disability Insurance Scheme, research and project initiatives. Topics of discussion will also cover areas related to therapy backgrounds, disability and education as requested by the members, and speakers from within and outside the group will be invited to present or lead discussions. Attendees are encouraged to participate in professional discussion and share resources. All therapy backgrounds and knowledge levels are welcome from new graduates through to experienced clinicians working in a variety of settings such as schools, private practice and community based services. This network will provide a unique opportunity to connect with other professionals working in this growing field. $5 per meeting (payable at meeting) Delna Pryde (co-ordinator) and Rachael Bowen (02) 9879-4971 • firstname.lastname@example.org Proposed dates for meetings in 2017. Dates will be confirmed at each meeting Tuesday 2nd May • Tuesday 25 July • Tuesday 17 October
There are multiple ways to interact and manage resources in Microsoft Azure. You can use the Azure Portal or command line tools like the Azure PowerShell module or the Azure CLI, which you can install on your local machine. However, to set up a cloud management workstation for administrators and developers can be quite a lot of work. Especially if you have multiple computers, keeping consistency between these machines can be challenging. Another challenge is keeping the environment secure and all the tools up to date. The Azure Cloud Shell addresses this any many more things. Cloud Shell is not brand new, Microsoft announced Cloud Shell at Build 2017. This blog post is about how you can master Azure with Cloud Shell and give you an overview of the possibilities of Cloud Shell. What is Cloud Shell Cloud Shell offers a browser-accessible, pre-configured shell experience for managing Azure resources without the overhead of installing, versioning, and maintaining a machine yourself. Azure Cloud Shell is assigned per unique user account and automatically authenticated with each session. This makes it a private and secure environment. You get a modern web-based command line experience which can be accessed from several endpoints like the Azure Portal, shell.azure.com and the Azure mobile app, Visual Studio Code or directly in the Azure docs. In the backend, Azure uses containers and automatically attaches an Azure File Share to the container. You can store the data on it, so your data is persistent. This persists your data across different Cloud Shell sessions. You can choose your preferred shell experience. Cloud Shell supports Bash and PowerShell and included your favorite third-party tools and standard tools and languages. If something like a module is missing, you can add it.
Female Archers are often burdened with demands to be more sensitive, empathetic, and patient, especially by men who find themselves challenged or threatened by them. But while Sagittarians of both sexes could stand to develop more compassion and tenderness, don't hold your breathe. Those stereotypically "womanly" roles aren't likely to be filled by either of them any time soon.Read More Want to learn more about how to do astrology? You've come to the right place! Filtering by Tag: sagittarius love
This site maintains quick links for checking End Of Life dates for various tools and technologies. The reason this site exists is because this information is very often hidden away. If you’re releasing something on a regular basis: - List only supported releases. - Give EoL dates/policy if possible. - Hide unsupported releases behind a few extra clicks. - Mention security/active release difference if needed. Contributions are welcome at GitHub. See the CONTRIBUTING.md file for more details.
This fall, we’re craving gatherings that strike intimate and nostalgic. Think low lights, roaring jazz, craft cocktails, and dancing. We can’t wait to swing by the recently-opened jazz club downstairs at Tribeca’s Roxy Hotel, The Django. It’s part-Paris, part-Nat King Cole, and utterly enticing. This post is from Observer Short List—an email of three favorite things from people you want to know. Sign up to receive OSL here.
BinHendi Play, a company under BinHendi Enterprises, is a leading recreational facility provider that specializes in designing and building outdoor playgrounds for all and for those with special needs.…Read More The design and build of Playground Environments Site visits and inspection of existing play area or equipment to ensure you get your dream playground A turn-key installation for your dream playground! We make sure you have a safe and ever-lasting playground.
Occasionally you might see the following error when trying to access Google Scholar through our proxy server. If you do, log out of the proxy server (use a new browser or disconnect/reconnect your internet) and use the Google Scholar search box on this page to access articles through the Library. Look for and click the “Get It! @ WU” link next to each result, not the article title. Use the "Get It! @ WU" link to get the full text via the Libraries’ subscriptions:
We the undersigned citizens of the United States petition you to appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate and prosecute any and all government officials who have participated in torture and other war crimes. These crimes are being euphemistically referred to as “abusive interrogation techniques” by such respected figures as Senator John McCain. These are euphemisms for torture. Torture is a war crime. Waterboarding is a war crime. The CIA has admitted waterboarding detainees. Former Vice President Cheney brazenly admitted authorizing the program that led to waterboarding, other forms of torture too numerous to list, and ultimately, the deaths by homicide of detainees. I have just read and signed the petition: “Special Prosecutor for Bush War Crimes” Once you have signed, please consider asking other friends and family members to sign as well. Thank you for your support!
Thanks for your interest in Dropshipping Bridal! I’m currently working on a detailed video to get you the latest information on this… But in the meantime… Checkout the best ClickFunnels offers, benefits, and features below. In this day and also age, the means your company runs online can make or break you. Exactly how do most organisations presently have a visibility online? The reality of the matter is, nonetheless, that web sites have actually substantially developed over the previous decade – and the techniques of old are not useful for contemporary organisation. Back in the day, it would be enough to have a basic web site with a home page, solutions, pricing, regarding us, and also get in touch with pages. A possible customer would go to your site, scroll around, go to the various web pages and consume content as they please. Nevertheless, if you are an organisation spending any type of cash on advertising and marketing, you want to manage exactly what customers are learning more about on your website, present deals at the correct time, as well as take full advantage of the income you make from each individual. Exactly how does one achieve this? Making use of sales funnels. ClickFunnels is the most convenient way to earn high transforming sales and also marketing funnels. It is an unique device developed specifically to turn potential clients right into purchasers. It actually is an all-in-one remedy to develop sales funnels and includes touchdown pages, e-mail integration, invoicing, webinars, subscription websites, and so far more. Not surprising that it has quickly end up being a preferred device for online marketers. Below is my comprehensive ClickFunnels Testimonial, including favorite features, pricing, pros/cons, and contrasts against competitors. Dropshipping Bridal: But First, Just What Is a Sales Channel? Sales funnels (also called marketing funnels) are multi-step campaigns that are designed to relocate potential prospects via your sales procedure, as well as transform them into buyers. Photo a real-life channel. On top, you pour fluid in, which narrows down in the direction of one taken care of destination. In sales, a similar occasion occurs. On top, visitors come to your website, yet not all who go into make it out of the various other end as customers. Numerous things have to happen from the moment a visitor enters your funnel, to the moment they do something about it and also efficiently finish an acquisition. By damaging down the consumer’s journey right into smaller sized steps, you can be a lot more precise regarding just how and when you offer an offer to your target market. The detailed action in a funnel might look something like this: - Unqualified lead comes to touchdown page - Page communicates the initial deal (something cost-free to collect an email). - As soon as e-mail is collected, major deal is pitched. - Lead becomes a paying consumer. - More e-mail communication delivering consumer value. - Further relationship structure - Recurring sales. ClickFunnels additionally has a visuals that describes this in a simple method:. Exactly what is ClickFunnels? As discussed previously, ClickFunnels is the most effective sales channel software application around today. The company makes the vibrant case of giving you everything you should market, sell, and also supply your items online – as well as they most definitely supply. A basic funnel will utilize an opt-in web page (to collect e-mail addresses), an e-mail car responder (to send out emails to your customers), plus an additional sales web page with some web content and also an order kind, potentially complied with by added material, a subscription site, etc . Formerly, you would certainly have to make use of different platforms and devices to achieve all of these jobs such as: - Develop a web site - Locate Hosting - Discover an autoresponder solution - Locate subscription website software - Locate split-testing software application … etc But ClickFunnels cares for whatever with their system. You not only save a ton of money by not having to buy different products/services, yet you additionally avoid the technical mess of having to establish whatever up, and also can concentrate on just what’s truly vital – expanding your company. ClickFunnels uses a Cost-free 14-Day Test, so you reach explore the tool as well as really see if it’s best for your company. * Quickly Create Pages Using Templates as well as Aspects *. Before getting too much, it is essential to understand that a channel is a collection of web pages created in a calculated order, with the goal of transforming as numerous leads into consumers. And a page is merely a collection of various components made to obtain somebody to take a particular action. ClickFunnels offers even more compared to 50 different components in order to help you build the perfect web page. The editor is incredibly very easy to use as well as all you have to do is drag as well as drop various elements on the web page, and update the text and also look to fit your requirements – no coding abilities called for! ClickFunnels also makes your life less complicated by providing you with a ton of complimentary templates. In fact, ClickFunnels gives over 37 sorts of web pages for you to mix and match with. These are broken down right into the complying with 10 categories: - Presell Pages: Survey Page, Article Web Page, Presell Page, Clickpop Page - Optin Pages: Squeeze Page, Reverse Capture Web Page, Lead Magnet, Voucher - Thank You Pages: Thanks Web Page, Deal Wall, Bridge Page, Share Web Page - Sales Pages: Video Sales Page, Sales Letter Page, Item Launch Page - OTO Pages: Upsell Page, Downsell Web Page - Order Forms: Two Step Order Web Page, Traditional Order Page, Video Sales Letter Order Page, Sales Letter Order Page, Item Introduce Order Web Page - Webinar Pages: Webinar Enrollment Page, Webinar Verification Page, Webinar Program Space, Webinar Replay Room - Subscription Pages: Accessibility Page, Participant’s Area - Affiliate Pages: Access Page, Associate Area - Various Other Pages: Application Page, Ask Page, Shop Front, Home Page, Hero Web Page, Hangout Web Page, Live Trial Web Page The pre-built design templates are completely adjustable, and also are what most users make use of. You are able to choose a design template, edit or replace the elements with your personal, and also your new web page prepares to go. You can additionally link any funnel you create with your personal e-mail advertising solution (if you don’t make use of the one consisted of in ClickFunnels), and use the ClickFunnels constructed in invoicing system. This is likewise a great time to discuss that ClickFunnels provides very useful as well as understandable training videos when you initially subscribe. I highly recommend experiencing those since they quickly allow you to use the device at its complete capacity, and you’ll have much more fun playing around. Dropshipping Bridal * Develop One-Click Subscription Websites *. One of the best features with ClickFunnels is the ability to quickly produce membership websites and provide web content to your audience in one area. Your membership site will certainly come complete with registration pages, subscription gain access to web pages, and also content pages which you can easily lock or trickle feed to your consumers inning accordance with purchases they made in your funnel. ClickFunnels subscription websites permit you to send emails, easily manage your e-mails, as well as construct a community all while removing the tension that’s connected with various other options such as Kajabi, or WordPress systems. It’s really convenient to not need to purchase a separate software application or plugin to develop membership websites. * Email Combination & Actionetics *. With every funnel comes e-mail listing structure opportunities. ClickFunnels sustains e-mail assimilation with all of the major e-mail automation platforms such as: - Active Campaign - Constant Contact - Get Response - Mad Mimi - Market Hero - And others Nevertheless, ClickFunnels additionally has their very own powerful automation device called Actionetics. Although you could develop, routine, and deliver emails as with any other e-mail advertising platform, Actionetics is a lot extra. I love Actionetics because it not only replaces your e-mail advertising and marketing yet carrier advertising and also SMS advertising softwares also. This takes automation to an entire new degree and also assists you interact the best message to your customers, precisely when they need it. A video clip review of Actionetics will be given even more listed below. * Billing and Payment Assimilation *. A fantastic attribute within ClickFunnels is the ability to accumulate every one of the payment information from your consumers exactly on your sales web page. Offering is made so much simpler when consumers don’t need to leave your website. ClickFunnels integrates with significant settlement entrances such as PayPal, Stripe, and also InfusionSoft, among others. While you could begin with the Free 14-Day Test, there are three different rates options with ClickFunnels: - $ 97/month. - $ 297/month. - $ 997 bulk discount plan (advised). I’ll explain for each of these plans below. 1. ClickFunnels Standard Strategy – $97/month. The standard strategy consists of all the features you would certainly require within ClickFunnels, but with limitations on the variety of funnels (20) and web pages (100) you could have in your account, in addition to how many visitors (20K) could see your web pages each month. You additionally do not get innovative capability such as ClickFunnels very own e-mail advertising and associate tracking devices. 2. ClickFunnels Etison Suite – $297/month. This strategy includes all the bells as well as whistles of the basic strategy, with no restrictions. It likewise comes with two added items generated by ClickFunnels called Actionetics (email advertising and marketing) and Backpack (affiliate management platform). In Actionetics – you could take care of every one of your get in touches with that sign up for your checklist, send e-mail broadcasts, and also produce a host of other automations. Dropshipping Bridal The distinction in between the two plans really is the restrictions, and Actionetics/Backpack. If you are a fundamental user as well as don’t expect to utilize greater than 20 funnels in your account – the Standard Strategy should be sufficient. Nevertheless, if you intend to have an associate program or want to maintain your email advertising and marketing within ClickFunnels as well as not make use of a third party software, the Etison Suite is for you. You can always begin on the reduced strategy and also upgrade if required. 3. Funnel Hacks System – $997 For any individual that’s significant about their service, the ClickFunnels Funnel Hacks System is the offer of the century. The $997 Funnel Hacks System consists of durable training programs bundled with 6-month accessibility to the ClickFunnels Etison Suite. This is an amazing deal since beyond this program, 6-months of Etison Suite alone would cost you $1782. Not just are you saving $785 yet you’re getting a lots of trainings and overviews of help you get the most from ClickFunnels! ClickFunnels Advantages And Disadvantages - Producing funnels is really straightforward, simple, and also fast - All-in-one platform with whatever your business should win - Split screening and also conversion monitoring included - Email integration with all of the major email autoresponder platforms - Settlement handling abilities within ClickFunnels - ClickFunnels is always adjusting and also upgrading to the times - There is always sustain available (whether live or not). - Extremely active Facebook Group Community. - Free 14-Day Test – allows you to attempt it run the risk of cost-free. - As outstanding as ClickFunnels is, it definitely is not an inexpensive option and also requires a continuous membership to utilize - Assistance isn’t really always the fastest and might take from 1 min to 1 Day relying on the issue. ClickFunnels versus Everybody Else. Many people ask just how ClickFunnels as compares to various other landing page builders such as Leadpages, Unbounce, as well as Infusionsoft. For the most part it’s not actually a fair contrast since each of these devices succeeds is one location or the various other. The graph above provides a comprehensive analysis – yet I’ll highlight a few of the significant comparisons listed below. ClickFunnels vs Leadpages Prior to ClickFunnels, Leadpages was the large canine. Leadpages is just a lead capture software program – nothing more. You can produce landing web pages, lead boxes, collect leads … that’s practically it. Additionally, the Leadpages design templates are also restricted on customization. ClickFunnels is even more functional – it’s a lot easier to utilize as well as does so a lot more compared to create lead capture pages. Put simply, Leadpages is actually just a touchdown page home builder, while ClickFunnels is focused around constructing extremely integrated funnels. ClickFunnels vs Infusionsoft Infusionsoft is not a touchdown page or sales web page building contractor. It has several of that functionality constructed it, however that’s not what it’s understood for. At it’s core, Infusionsoft is a CRM system – one that allows you to handle your entire customer database. ClickFunnels has this ability with Actionetics, however it’s not almost as progressed as Infusionsoft. Infusionsoft is also incredibly costly as well as forces every brand-new customer to pay $2000 for a compulsory kickstart mentoring plan just to find out how to use the intricate system (which is infamously tough to utilize). ClickFunnels Associate Program There are two primary paths individuals decrease as ClickFunnels customers. Those that prefer to use the device for their service – in hopes of eventually achieve both Comma Club (over $1M in income). And also those that have an interest in earning passive income as a ClickFunnels Associate and also winning the Desire Auto Competition (where they pay $500/$1000 to your desire vehicle if you get to 100/200 active month-to-month signups, respectively). With a whopping 40% monthly recurring compensation, ClickFunnels quickly has one of the best associate programs of any kind of platform available. That’s right – you make money a continuous 40% compensation on every affiliate signup you make via the ClickFunnels Affiliate Program. Yet, just what does that really equate to? The standard plan is a $97/month investment as well as the Etison Suite plan is a $297/month financial investment. therefore you make $38.80 per fundamental strategy and $118.80 per Etison Suite plan … each and every month! On average, every 100 signups will certainly generate $4000/month in affiliate compensations (basically depending on the amount of Etison Plan users are in there). All-time Low Line ClickFunnels is pass on the best system if you are aiming to easily develop high converting sales funnels. Since it was constructed from the ground up to be the best sales channel contractor, it vanquishes every one of the competition because regard. On the surface, it may not be the most inexpensive product around – but if you utilize it to its full capacity, your organisation will come to be extra lucrative as well as you will conserve loan from not having to make use of various other tools. Dropshipping Bridal If you have actually read this much into my ClickFunnels Review, I advise you see for yourself with a Free 14-Day Trial below.
Targeted for select users via direct mail/email, Chase is now offering a $500 Bonus when open a new Chase Performance Business Checking account valid through September 13th, 2016. In order to receive the $500 bonus, you must deposit $500 within 10 days of opening the new account, maintaining that minimum balance for at least 60 days. This is great for small business owners who are looking to open up a Chase Business Checking account, while also getting a little extra. Make sure you bring along your coupon to the bank with all the minimum requirements of opening a business such as DBA, EIN, and other forms of proof for your business. Find all of the latest Chase bonuses on the HMB master list of Chase Bank Promotions. Editor’s Note: I personally have a Chase Business Account along with the many benefits. In order for anyone to sign up a business checking account, you must have a Doing Business As(DBA) from the State and an EIN Tax ID from the IRS. |HSBC Advance checking account: Get $350 when you open an Advance checking account, fund account with at least $5,000 in New Money in combined checking and savings accounts within 30 calendar days of account opening and maintain balance for 90 days AND set-up monthly direct deposits from a third party into the checking account for 3 consecutive months Member FDIC Terms| |Discover Online Savings Account: Earn $200 Bonus/$150 Bonus with promo code HMB819 by 09/09/2019 along with high interest rate of 2.00% APY. Fund your first savings account with a minimum of $25K by 09/23/2019 to earn the $200 Bonus. No minimum opening deposit, no minimum balance requirement, and no monthly fees. See advertiser website for full details. Apply Now---Discover Savings Review| |Huntington 5 Checking: Earn $200 bonus when you open a Huntington 5 Checking account and make total deposits of at least $1,000 within 60 days of account opening. The $200 bonus will be deposited into your Huntington 5 Checking account after all requirements are met and your account is open for 90 days. Apply Now---Huntington 5 Checking Review |Chase Total Checking® + Chase SavingsSM: Earn $200 bonus when you open a new Chase Total Checking® account and set up direct deposit. Additionally you can earn a $150 bonus when you open a new Chase SavingsSM account, deposit a total of $10,000 or more in new money within 20 business days & maintain a $10,000 balance for 90 days. Apply Now---Chase Checking & Savings Review| Table of Contents Chase Bank Business $500 Bonus Info: - Coupon Link – Targeted - Account Type: Chase Performance Business Checking - Availability: Nationwide (Bank Locator) - Expiration Date: 9/13/2016 - Credit Inquiry: Soft Pull. - Opening Deposit: $500 - Credit Card Funding: Yes. - Direct Deposit Requirement: No. - Monthly Fee: $20 monthly fee, (Waivable) - Additional Requirements: You must deposit $500 within 10 business days of account opening and maintain that balance for 60 days. - Closing Account Fee: Bonus may be debited from your account if you close it within a 6 month time period. How To Earn Chase $500 Business Bonus: - Print out for a new Chase Performance Business Checking account before the deadline of September 13, 2016. - To earn the $500 bonus, you must establish a $500 deposit within 10 business days of account opening. - Once you reached the minimum amount, maintain the balance of $500 for at least 60 days before receiving your rewarded amount. - Bonus will be posted into your account 10 days after you reached the requirements. - Maintain the account in good standing for at least 6 months before closing, otherwise your bonus will be removed from your bank account. Within 60 business days after your initial direct deposit, Chase will credit $500 into your account. Other important details located in the fine print includes: - Offer is not available for chase users who recently closed the account in the past 90 days. - Subject listed 1 bonus per calendar year. - Chase reserves the right to withdraw this promotion without notice. - This offer is not available on account conversions or in combination with any other offers and cannot be transferred to other accounts. How to Waive the Monthly Fee: - Chase Performance Business Checking: Monthly service fee of $20 is waived when you maintain qualifying business deposit balances of $50,000. There are account fees you have to be careful for, and be cautious because this is a targeted offer. In order to get the $300 bonus, you must establish either a Chase Total Business Checking account or Chase Performance Business Checking account. Deposit $500 within 10 days, and maintain the balance for at least 60 days. For small business owners, I highly recommend using chase in order to receive the best quality banking services for your business. Want more? You may way to check out our full Business Bank Bonus list for all offers! The Chase Ink Business PreferredSM Card offers 80,000 bonus points after you spend $5,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening. That's $1,000 toward travel when you redeem through Chase Ultimate Rewards®. You'll earn 3 points per $1 on the first $150,000 spent on travel and select business categories each account anniversary year; 1 point per $1 on all other purchases - with no limit to the amount you can earn. Furthermore, points are worth 25% more when you redeem for travel through Chase Ultimate Rewards. This card does come with a $95 annual fee but does not have any foreign transaction fees.
Christmas Eve And New Year's Eve Booth Booking (2018) Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve Booth Booking (2018) Posted at: November, 21 2018 5:20 pm We are opning up Booth Bookings on the following dates: 24 Dec and 31 Dec. These will be at Sunday's booking rates. Subject to minimum 5 x booths taken per day, otherwise we would not be operating and any Bookings will be cancelled and refunded. Copyright DukesBazaars.com, All rights reserved 2019
● Senior Advisor, Oliver Wyman Corey currently serves as Senior Advisor to the Financial Services Practice of Oliver Wyman, a global consulting firm. Most recently he was part of the stand-up executive team at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as Assistant Director for Deposits, Liquidity Lending, and Reporting Markets. His office recruited experts from various industries under the Bureau’s purview and led research, industry outreach, and policy development efforts related to credit reporting, debt collections, remittances, payday lending, and checking accounts. He has testified before US Senate committees on consumer protection issues related to consumer reporting and debt collection. Before joining the CFPB in 2011, Corey served as a Fellow at the Center for Financial Services Innovation, Chair of Start Community Bank in New Haven CT, a Visiting Clinical Lecturer at the Yale Law School’s Community and Economic Development Clinic, and a member of the Federal Reserves’ Consumer Advisory Council. From 2006 to 2008 Corey served as CEO of Pay Rent, Build Credit, an alternative credit bureau helping underserved, “thin file” consumers demonstrate their creditworthiness using their rental and bill payment history. From 2000 to 2006 Corey was Executive Vice President responsible for business development and strategy at American Payment Systems (now part of Fiserv), a nationally regulated money transmitter, where he helped the company become the largest walk-in bill payment network and launched one of the country’s first reloadable prepaid cards. Corey began his career with 14 years of management consulting in the financial services and utility industries at Easton Consultants in Stamford, CT. He is a graduate of Harvard College and the Yale School of Management. EPIC is an initiative of the Aspen Institute's Financial Security Program.
Don't Have an Account? Sign Up to Save Favorite Listings, Save Searches & More... You’ll love all the space this home offers, both inside & outside! Home features 2,200+ FSF, 3 bedrooms & 4 baths. Welcoming open living room & kitchen with vaulted ceiling throughout. Master bedroom has attached 3/4 bath. Lower level offers nice family room with sliding door to 2 level deck & den could be potential 4th bedroom with addition of egress window. Huge fenced backyard perfect for kids & pets & large shed provides storage for outdoor equipment & toys. New carpet in lower level. New in 2014: windows, patio doors, roof. New expanded driveway in 2009. All appliances stay including washer & dryer. Great corner lot with matures trees in quiet neighborhood. Listing information is provided by Participants of the Midland MLS & Great Plains Regional Multiple Listing Service Inc. IDX program and is for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing; The information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate. Copyright, 2019, Midland MLS & Great Plains REALTORS® Multiple Listing Service, Inc. Listing information last updated on August 25th, 2019 at 6:01am CDT.
Wrenda Goodwyn • special to the Fort Myers News-Press • October 6, 2018 My dream was to find the perfect home that needed just a tiny bit of cosmetic work to make it mine. I had done major renovations in the past and did not want to go down that road again. Keep it simple and easy. That was my mantra. And gorgeous. With everything perfect. After all, I am a Southwest Florida interior decorator and I know how to make anything pretty. Really pretty. And functional. Plus, I have all the tools at my fingertips so this should be a snap. Remember “Under the Tuscan Sun?” Although it was a romantic comedy, it could be a home renovation documentary. It’s about a writer who says goodbye to her past and buys a 300-year-old villa in Tuscany. It’s also about her hot new love interest and is set against the backdrop of the beautiful Tuscan countryside. We have all had a similar dream, right? But it (the movie) is really about the house. Like “Under the Tuscan Sun,” whether you’re remodeling your bedroom or a bath, knocking out a few walls, creating a new kitchen from start to finish or renovating the entire home, it’s a fairly miserable experience. There is just no way to sugarcoat it. It’s dirty, stressful and expensive. You have very little control. You are at the mercy of your contractor and the subs that may or may not show up for work. Unexpected problems arise that delay the project and cost. It turns your home and your life upside down. Until the project is finished. The bottom line: you just have to live through it and hope for the best. And having just gone through the experience myself, I have a few do’s, don’ts and survival tips that can help. Don’t cry or panic. It will get better. Don’t believe the home shows. As fun as they are, they just don’t present the reality of the cost and experience of a home renovation. You know that. Don’t stay in the house if it’s a major renovation. This is not always possible but moving out for the duration can save your sanity. Don’t try to do it yourself. Call in the professionals. Don’t take on a renovation or major remodel if you just aren’t up to it. Make a few cosmetic changes to the room that will enable you to live with it. New paint. New window treatments. A new rug. Maybe new kitchen countertops. Pick what bothers you most and let that be your focus. You might be surprised at the big difference a few small changes make. Be patient. This won’t last forever. Come up with a plan before your first meeting with a contractor. They can’t read your mind and you need to be able to tell them exactly what you need/want. Think about the little things that matter: light switches in the right place, fans, chandeliers, electrical outlets. This is your chance to get it just right. Consider your lifestyle if you are redoing a floorplan. Traffic flow. Feeling of the home. Color. Is your taste traditional, contemporary, casual, coastal, transitional? Start from the ground and work your way up with your plan: flooring, walls, furniture, lighting. Establish a budget before the first meeting. And know that there will always be a few unexpected surprises that will add dollars so plan on it. Hire an interior decorator or designer to get you started on the right path. They can look at the project and tell you what is doable, practical and the best use of your money for resale. They will also help you to make your vision for your home a reality. Interview several contractors. Visit homes they have done and talk to the owners. Select the one that you feel will be the best fit for this short or long term relationship. Be flexible. And be willing to make compromises. That’s just the reality of a renovation. Sure, you wanted that beautiful, free standing bath tub sitting in the middle of your new master bathroom. But the plumber said it would cost a fortune. So, against the wall will be just fine. If you are living in the home during a remodel or renovation, set aside one area that is your sanctuary from the noise and dust. Like a master bedroom where you can close the door and think. Most important: be patient. It’s worth the wait and the disruption to get the home that you want. Wrenda Goodwyn is a Southwest Florida interior decorator, A.S.I.D. associate and certified gold member of the Interior Redecorators Network. She has helped homeowners throughout Southwest Florida with timeless, affordable ways to create beautiful spaces and to solve decorating problems. Her article appears the first Saturday of each month. For more information visit her website at spectacularspaces.com. Call her at 949-1808 or e-mail email@example.com. For more decorating tips, articles and photos, visit spectacularspaces.com/blog
Sumitomo Corporation to Expand its Real Estate Business in Indonesia 19 July 16, 12:00 am Sumitomo Corporation (head office: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President & CEO: Kuniharu Nakamura) will be launching a new warehouse leasing project on the outskirts of Jakarta through its Indonesian business company PT. Summitmas Property. A ceremony was held on July 18 to mark the completion of a large-scale 3.5 billion yen warehouse for lease with a total floor area of about 53,000m2 built on a 76,000m2 site in Bekasi, West Java, 35km east of Jakarta’s Central Business District. This warehouse will be leased to a local subsidiary of Kao Corporation, and is expected to meet that company’s needs in further expanding its business. Sumitomo Corporation has been engaged in the real estate business together with the local Rodamas Group since the 1980s. After building the high-rise Summitmas I office building (total floor area of 28,000m2) in 1985 in the heart of Jakarta’s business district, Sumitomo Corporation developed Summitmas II (total floor area of 32,000m2) at the adjacent lot in 1992. The high-grade office spaces created by employing Japanese construction firms and implementing Japanese-style quality management methods successfully attracted tenants from among Japanese corporations and other international companies, and these two buildings have been among Indonesia’s most prominent for many years. Development is currently underway on a third office building utilizing the know-how and experienced gained heretofore. Sumitomo Corporation has also decided to enter the condominium development business in Jakarta, and in 2016 it established PT. Summit Residential Indonesia, wholly owned by the Sumitomo Corporation Group. This new company is already involved in specific projects, and it expects to expand its real estate business as Indonesia continues to grow. -Profile of PT. Summitmas Property Sumitomo Corporation 40% Scope of business development/leasing of office buildings and warehouses in Indonesia
Quick look at news that might not warm our heart but does offer a peek at our changing times . . . Victoria's Secret Knows It Has A Problem, But Does It Have Time To Fix It? Closer to home, these news links define our morning . . . Who Owns Kansas City Streets?!?! KANSAS CITY, Mo. - The Kansas City Metropolitan Crime Commission is taking the reins on the city's Adopt-A-Street program, which had been suspended "We would really like to be part of the reduction of the violent crimes problem we have in the city, and we think this is a good way to partner with some of the neighborhoods to try to impact that problem," Metropolitan Community Service Program Supervisor Michael Wilson said. Celebrate Copycat Tech During the presentation of the city of Aurora, Ill.'s new technology plan, the mayor read a letter from Kansas City Chief Innovation Officer Bob Bennett praising the plan for looking forward. This Old Cowtown Country Club The historic mansion that was once home to the Rockhill Tennis Club has new owners. Peter and Heather Caster of Kansas City, Missouri, have bought the house built in 1910 for the daughter of Kansas City Star founder William Rockhill Nelson. "It's a beautiful home," says Peter Caster. Pothole Fight Help KCMO company steps in to help patch potholes Make Him A Coach & Keep This Inspirational Footballer In Kansas City According to multiple reports dating back to October, Eric Berry has been suffering from what's known as a Haglund's Deformity, a bone spur on the heel of his foot that required surgery for a torn Achilles tendon back in 2017. Season Of Selling Upon Us KANSAS CITY, MO - IKEA Merriam is a paid advertiser of Kansas City Live and is responsible for this content. Are you looking to redesign your kitchen or spice up your home décor? IKEA is the place to shop for quality furniture and home items at fantastic prices. Home Team Gives Back Chiefs' Players, Executives, Ambassadors and Cheerleaders Celebrate Read Across America Day with Local Kids Ellie Goulding - Flux is the song of the day and this is our OPEN THREAD for right now . . .
Enjoy Poker On the web Nowadays and Regularly Get Thus, in this way, the advertisers purchase showcasing their products and services with this site. The website is definitely engaging and if the products are something you want, you'd significantly much more likely consider moving in for the option of the free slots online. In the end, you wouldn't play if the rewards don't motivate you completely, right? In more cases than perhaps not, free slots on line will usually have some sort of a issue in regards to the games which are being played or even the kind of game that is played. Ergo, in this manner, players logged to the website won't find yourself destroying the website and depriving them of more prizes zeuspoker they should. That is anything very important to bear in mind, because persons tend to have the thought of spending plenty of time on these websites. As one may have found, this isn't quite probable because of different mechanisms that might be set in place to be able to reduce that from happening.Since they're free, you may not necessarily have plenty of slots to choose from. Hence, this is the different point to remember, that you would probably need to know more about. Oftentimes, game possibilities may even be limited to just four or five and customers will have to be content with these position machines. This really is a thing that does not actually matter, because it is free, initially. But, around a time period, you could get bored of the free slots on the web site if the activities do not change. Some sites hold things new and change the slots more frequently. The acceptance of On the web Slots may be traced to several major factors. For starters, slots perform is just a welcome, simple diversion for many people in the complex world of 2006. For still another, the games appeal to the normal individual wish to get wealthy quick. Ultimately, I think people like to think they could overcome the machine or somehow outsmart the game. CommentairesAucun commentaire pour le moment Suivre le flux RSS des commentaires Ajouter un commentaire
Microsoft Ignite NZ to serve up opportunity developers 'will not want to miss' Microsoft’s augmented reality device, HoloLens, is set to feature at the 2016 Microsoft Ignite event in New Zealand. Matt Bostwick, acting director for Developer Experience at Microsoft New Zealand, says any Kiwi tech developers still wondering if they should attend Microsoft Ignite NZ 2016 will not want to miss this opportunity to learn more about the HoloLens augmented reality device. “For more than 20 years, the Microsoft Ignite conference - formerly known as TechEd - has been the place where Kiwi IT developers and professionals go to get the latest on the new technology that is building our world,” he says. “HoloLens is experiencing tremendous excitement and interest from developers and commercial customers and partners around the globe right now, so we are looking forward to meeting the growing demand of interest around HoloLens in New Zealand at this pivotal moment.” Bostwick explains that attendees can go to an ‘Introduction to HoloLens Development’ session at Ignite NZ, and the device will be on display at the Microsoft stand in the Hub area at SKYCITY. For those in attendance, Microsoft will also give out a chance to win one of 22 ‘hands-on experience’ demo sessions to be held during the week. All attendees need to do is swipe their Ignite ID pass at the Microsoft stand with the winners announced on the hour. Microsoft has also announced that it is expanding the availability of Microsoft HoloLens Development Edition and Microsoft HoloLens Commercial Suite to six new international markets, which includes New Zealand. The device has been made available for pre-order on the Microsoft New Zealand web store.
The power of portraiture: This artist is exploring shame through her own image Just don't call Chun Hua Catherine Dong's work selfies In this digital age, it's easy to curate a seemingly idyllic life: your food always looks delicious, your friends are always happy, your partner is always supportive and you're somehow always in the best light. Montreal-based artist Chun Hua Catherine Dong is challenging people to explore an alternative narrative in her show Visual Poetics of Embodied Shame, which runs until December 9th at Winnipeg's Ace Art. "I hope this exhibition in some degree can provoke people to talk about shame more often because shame is often unspoken and unseen epidemic, and the more it is publicly presented and questioned, the more it can potentially be resisted," Dong tells CBC Arts. The exhibit, which according to the artist statement "examines the visual culture of shame in relation to the body, subjects and power in contemporary art," includes photography, video and installation. Dong also performed a four-hour performance piece opening night. Ace Art director hanna_g had been aware of Dong's work as an emerging artist and was delighted when, of the 130 submissions Ace receives each year, this exhibit was one of five chosen by the gallery's jury. "We look for an artist who's dealing with cultural concepts in a way that's interrogative and also aesthetically sensitive," she says. With Dong's use of herself as the subject, it could be easy to draw comparisons to selfie culture. Not so, says hannah_g. "She is projecting an alternative to selfie culture; she's showing the power of portraiture and the difference between portraiture and the selfie, and asserting it in a way that is challenging this new medium that is 'the selfie,'" she says. "She's dealing on several levels in this 21st century age of people's bodies being digitally projected but not always having control over that, of young woman exploring aspects of shame, of cultural shame and hiding their identities, or projecting a one-layered or curated image of themselves." She's showing the power of portraiture and the difference between portraiture and the selfie, and asserting it in a way that is challenging this new medium that is the selfie.- Ace Art director hanna_g Ace Art has commissioned local artist Hannah Doucet to write an accompaniment to the exhibit — a fitting choice, since there are many overlapping themes in the two artists' works. "We both are seemingly fixated on the female body, particularly our own, as a tool to discuss larger issues within representation and perception of bodies in our society," Doucete says. "Where Catherine creates images using her own body as subject to deconstruct a culture of shame, fluctuating between moments of revelation and concealment of the figure, I use my own body fragmented through a process of re-photography to grapple with issues of representation and materiality inherent in the medium of photography. There is a shared criticality of societal and individual pressures within both our work." For Doucete, it's not the comparisons to selfie culture that are noteworthy; rather, it's the idea of shame as an act of resistance. "I think the most interesting part of the exhibition is the way Catherine positions shame as, in her words, 'a feminist strategy of resistance.' This idea confuses and intrigues me. Shame is so often used as a tool to further subjugate those in positions of lesser power — how can we shift this to have positive implications as a form of feminist resistance?" She adds, "In her artist talk, Catherine talks about making shame visible, and with that, the shame becomes a power instead of vulnerability. I am not entirely convinced by this explanation,and still wrestling with this idea, but I think the idea of reclaiming shame as vulnerability is one of the more thought provoking moments within the exhibition." Visual Poetics of Embodied Shame. Chun Hua Catherine Dong. To December 9 at Ace Art, Winnipeg. www.aceart.org
Rotate your device The demand for healthy and convenient fresh produce continues to increase. We think it is important that these products are tasty as well, which is why we are continuously developing new concepts using only raw materials of the highest quality. We like to be ahead of the market. Besides processed vegetables, we also offer fruit, sports salads and vegetable-based casseroles. This is how we continue to contribute to a healthier world, offering products that people love to eat. In response to the growing need for inspiration and convenience, Heemskerk adds Fresh Boxes to its product range. A box filled with fresh ingredients to make your own delicious soup or meal. It comes together with a recipe, of course! Automation, mechanisation and robotisation of our operational process is vital to cost-effective production and consistent quality levels. The first robot is installed in 2017. This year we bought yet another production facility for large volumes, where we use robots and automated production lines if possible.
It was a year of stormy headlines in 2013, from the fierce partisan rancor surrounding "Obamacare" to the emotionally charged divisions over guns, gay marriage, and race – as well as the devastating weather that afflicted the nation's heartland. But 2013 also saw some new beginnings: New York's One World Trade Center officially became the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere at 1,776 feet – a symbolic presence of US resilience and renewal. But even as a rebuilt "Freedom Tower" heralded the beginning of a new era of sorts, anxieties old and new were a heavy presence in many people's minds. Indeed symbols of freedom were suddenly jarred with the bombings at the Boston Marathon, a reminder of the more-than-decade-long threat of terrorism. And an ocean of secret documents leaked by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden revealed a gasp-inducing picture of government surveillance – domestic spying meant to shield Americans from further harm. None of these events, however, is your top-ranked US-based story of 2013 – at least not directly. Here are 10 top stories Americans followed in 2013, ranked by respondents to a Nov. 21-25 Monitor/TIPP poll according to the percentage who said they followed the story very closely. Click here to read the full story.
Published on May 22, 2018 Love’s time’s beggar, but even a single hour, bright as a dropped coin, makes love rich. We find an hour together, spend it not on flowers or wine, but the whole of the summer sky and a grass ditch. For thousands of seconds we kiss; your hair like treasure on the ground; the Midas light turning your limbs to gold. Time slows, for here we are millionaires, backhanding the night so nothing dark will end our shining hour, no jewel hold a candle to the cuckoo spit hung from the blade of grass at your ear, no chandelier or spotlight see you better lit than here. Now. Time hates love, wants love poor but love spins gold, gold, gold from straw.
The brick schoolhouse I attended from kindergarten through senior year of high school is slated for demolition. (No, I didn’t cause any lasting damage to the structure. Honest: the school’s demise wasn’t my fault.) I’ve been revisiting old yearbooks full of photos of people who grew up, married, and sent their kids to the same small-town school they’d attended. Familiar family names and resemblances to uncles, aunts, fathers, and siblings are all over the pages of old black and white photos. Familiar–and yet, growing up there, I never felt I was home. I never belonged, never paid much attention to the world I found myself in. In my head I was somewhere else, long ago and far away, or light years away in a future I was supposed to attend but I had lost my ticket. It wasn’t a conscious thing. It was a general detachment, being “tuned out” rather than tuned in. I was lost, out of time, out of place, separated from whatever people or beings I must have belonged with. The high school that burned before I was born (or old enough to remember) I was ostracized or ignored by my classmates. I didn’t want to dress like them or do what they were doing. I couldn’t follow their conversations for long before drifting off into my own world in my head. With my own sisters–five of us all barely more than a year apart in age–I felt alien and out of touch. Much of my childhood was spent in a chair in a corner, alone with my books. In fairy tales, I felt at home. Fairy tales were full of misfits, magic, and happily ever after. I learned to like the music and TV shows my four sisters loved, but antique stores, vintage photo albums, and the “Golden Oldies” radio station felt much more like “my” time and place. Stores and shopping malls held little that I wanted. This was the era of polyester, psychedelic prints and colors, palazzo pants, maxi and mini skirts, halter tops, hippie beads, bell bottoms, platform shoes, blue eye shadow, shag carpet, the velvet Elvis print, and other phenomena that defied explanation. Photos were taken with cheap Kodak Instamatics, faded and out of focus. For hours I’d stare at the 1950s yearbooks of my parents and think that was the way people were supposed to look. The 1960s and 1970s hair, fashion, furniture, and architecture felt alien to me. Old photos of ancestors I had never even met, or met only as frail, stooped, wrinkled elders, felt more like my contemporaries than my actual peers. I never asked why; I simply felt a kinship with people who had come and gone before my time. These looked like the people I was meant to be with. Never mind they were teenagers in WWI and I was a child during the Vietnam war. On the left, back row, my mom’s mother; front row, bottom right, my mom’s father. The present wasn’t a bad place to be. I knew the past wasn’t “better”–they didn’t have telephones, radios, TVs, paved roads, cars, refrigerators, running water, indoor plumbing, or electricity. The people were not “better.” But their faces in old photo albums seemed to be calling me home. I don’t believe in ghosts or reincarnation, but I like to imagine ancestral memories can survive like radio waves. Or maybe it’s epigenetics. Maybe our best memories are somehow encoded in our DNA, and an occasional grandchild arrives in this life remembering a world that is gone. What if some kind of interference from a paranormal radio signal was messing with me? Misfits cannot help but wonder why they don’t fit in. The most common explanation doesn’t explain much:”You are an old soul.” I was born with a sense of nostalgia for a time, a place, a people I had never seen, yet it seemed more familiar than the world I was in. At a party, I would gravitate to the old ones rather than people my own age. Other people’s memories, and even more so, fictional stories of other lives, seemed to displace my own, and I had many gaping black holes in my mind. I was disengaged from my surroundings, living in another world in my mind. “Immediacy” and “agency” are key words here. I lacked agency; I passively watched the world around me, feeling out of place, instead of actively engaging in it; I missed out on immediate people and events. “You were there,” my sisters would say. “How can you not remember this?” And whatever “this” was, or “who,” it was elusive. Groping in the dark corners of my mind for memories of some specific event I had actually attended in real time and real space, I came up empty. To this day there are events I am told I was physically present for, but my mind was so far away from it all, I cannot remember my lived life. Now that I am more than half a century old, now that I have seen the dawn of a new millennium and the advent of such wonders as “the picture phone,” I like to imagine that I wasn’t just born weird–I was born somewhere else, and transferred here in some kind of fluke of metaphysics or a magic spell gone wrong. Or a portal. I’ve had a fascination with doorways and tunnels, windows and winged things all my life. While Mrs. Hoffman was telling our first-grade class how to do simple math, I was riding a dragon or a space ship somewhere far away. When I went to her desk saying I didn’t understand how to do the worksheet, she’d spank me, in front of the entire class, and say “they” paid attention, so they knew what to do, and so would I, if I ever quit daydreaming. She died of cancer in later years. That, too, was not my fault. Today the school building is about to take a hit from a wrecking ball, and suddenly this place I felt so detached from feels like an important locale, a childhood home, a fixture that needs to be preserved a little while longer. One more generation, at least. But the body count is too low. The children didn’t stay close to home and send a new generation to that little school. They grew up and moved to bigger and better places. Me, I never moved more than 90 miles away, though I’ve lived in other galaxies and ancient kingdoms of Middle Earth in my mind. I’m the one feeling like an amputation is about to sever me from the schoolhouse where my entire childhood was lived, or un-lived, but it was where my body was stationed, and enough of my mind tuned in, I developed a sense of nostalgia for this old place. The shortest (Julie) and the tallest (Carl) were “frenemies” before the term existed, relentlessly trading barbs with each other like a comic duo. They graduated together in 1975 and both were dead by the end of the year. Julie was murdered. Carl crashed his car into a bridge. These four classmates, and far too many others, were dead before age 50: Our bus drivers: Plainfield Community School, you had a good run. I’m sad to see the old building go empty. If I walk through the hallways one last time, I will see Julie and Carl, my dad his buddy Wayne at age 18, and all the little kids who grew up and left their rural homes for greener pastures. The first school already burned to the ground. The 1960s version also has become last-century and has outlived its use. What will take its place? um, how about a portal, or a launch pad for a spaceship…. Peter Saga cover art for Perihelion Science Fiction ezine Farm girls in the sun, in the snow Those farm boys were ripped! See also Symptoms Of An Old Soul: 7 Signs You Were Meant To Live In A Different Era BY LAUREN MARTIN | JUNE 6, 2014
What is an Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm? An abdominal aortic aneurysm is an enlarged lower part of the aorta. The major blood vessel in your body, the aorta delivers blood all over your body. A ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm can cause life-threatening bleeding because the aorta is the body's main transport system for blood. Risk factors for abdominal aortic aneurysms include: - 65 or older - Family history of cardiovascular diseases - Smoking and other tobacco use Because aortic aneurysms take a long time to develop, symptoms are rarely felt until they become serious health concerns. People with enlarged abdominal aortic aneurysms or a burst aneurysm may experience: - Pulsating pain in the abdomen - Pulsating feeling in the navel - Severe back pain - Blood clots - Low blood pressure - Shortness of breath Due to its lack of definitive symptoms, many aortic aneurysms are found during an examination of a different condition. For example, an aortic aneurysm may be found during a chest X-ray or an ultrasound of the heart. If your doctor suspects you may have an aortic aneurysm forming, specific diagnostic tests can be performed for confirmation. - Abdominal ultrasound - CT scan In general, small aneurysms do not require surgery but do require periodic ultrasounds and screenings. If you experience any symptoms related to an enlarged abdominal aortic aneurysm, seek medical attention immediately. Large aneurysms require surgical treatment, either in an open-abdominal procedure (where the damaged section of the aorta is removed and replaced with a graft) or an endovascular surgery (which repairs the aneurysm with a graft to reinforce the weakened section of the aorta to prevent rupture). Why Choose Methodist Healthcare? At Methodist Healthcare, our San Antonio-based vascular surgeons and specialists have years of experience treating vascular conditions and performing life-saving surgery.
New Articles, Videos, Expert Interviews and More News | Visit Us Every Day for the Latest News, Photos, Videos and More! Makeup and Fashion | Read About Makeup, Fashion, Hairstyles, Going Grey, Skin Care and More! Health and Fitness | Read About Healthy Aging, Losing Weight, Sleep and More! Senior Dating | Read About Mature Dating, Sexuality, Online Dating and More! Travel and Cruises | Read About Solo Travel, Senior Travel, Cruises, Insurance and More! Retirement and Money | Read About Retirement, Making Money, Encore Careers and More! Life After 60 | Read About Grandchildren, Marriage, Divorce and More! Mindset and Inspiration | Read About Happiness, Gratitude, Nostalgia, Getting Older and More! Sixty and Me is an online magazine and a global community of over 500,000 women over 60. Our mission is to empower and motivate women to find their own voice and value in a transitional time of life that offers so much new opportunity. Topics covered on Sixty and Me include makeup for older women, senior dating, retirement planning, fashion for older women, senior travel, grandchildren and more. Thanks for being a part of our community!
Exeter City Match Previews 📝 Match Preview: Exeter City v Swindon Town17 August 2019 Two teams with 100 percent league records clash this Saturday, as Exeter City take on fellow south west outfit Swindon Town at St James Park. 📝 Match preview: Coventry City v Exeter City13 August 2019 Exeter City are quickly back in action as they make the trip to Birmingham to take on Coventry City in the Carabao Cup. 📝 Match Preview: Stevenage v Exeter City8 August 2019 Exeter City travel to Stevenage in their first match away from home of the 2019/20 season in Sky Bet League Two.
CONTACT: Katharine Eaton (202) 463-2436, email@example.com WASHINGTON – The American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) today released the 59th Annual Survey of Paper, Paperboard and Pulp Capacity, reporting U.S. paper and paperboard capacity declined 1.1 percent in 2018. Containerboard capacity increased 1.9 percent in 2018 to reach a record 39.7 million tons. Containerboard accounted for 47.6 percent of U.S. paper and paperboard capacity in 2018, up from 38.3 percent in 2008. Tissue paper capacity rose 1.3 percent in 2018 to 8.8 million tons. Over the 2009-2018 ten-year period, tissue capacity rose 7.0 percent. In 2018, a new tissue paper mill was opened with two machines and a new tissue machine was started at an existing mill. Reflecting digital competition, capacity for newsprint and printing-writing papers continued to decline in 2018. Several machines producing these grades were permanently closed or converted to the production of other grades last year. The report includes U.S. industry capacity data for 2018 and 2019 for all major grades of paper, paperboard and pulp, as well as fiber consumption, based on a comprehensive survey of all U.S. pulp and paper mills. Survey data includes responses from companies representing 87 percent of U.S. paper and paperboard industry capacity, with estimates completing the data set. The survey with detailed tables is available for $2,250. Please contact Kory Bockman at firstname.lastname@example.org or (202) 463-4716 for this report as well as other industry reports published by AF&PA. The American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) serves to advance a sustainable U.S. pulp, paper, packaging, tissue and wood products manufacturing industry through fact-based public policy and marketplace advocacy. AF&PA member companies make products essential for everyday life from renewable and recyclable resources and are committed to continuous improvement through the industry’s sustainability initiative — Better Practices, Better Planet 2020. The forest products industry accounts for approximately four percent of the total U.S. manufacturing GDP, manufactures nearly $300 billion in products annually and employs approximately 950,000 men and women. The industry meets a payroll of approximately $55 billion annually and is among the top 10 manufacturing sector employers in 45 states. Visit AF&PA online at afandpa.org or follow us on Twitter @ForestandPaper.
Christmas Story Lamp Baby Tee Grab a hold of your very own leg lamp on a t-shirt that is full of fun and colors! It's a Major Award! Who wouldn't want a leg lamp glowing from your front window of your house? This baby doll t-shirt is decorated with the picture of the leg lamp from A Christmas Story movie. Won by Ralphie's "old man" the leg lamp is a hysterical symbol of A Christmas Story and the loveable family. The cream form fitting t-shirt will look adorable on any wearer and displays fun designs of colors and stars. "It's a Major Award" is displayed in bold print next to the leg lamp, giving this shirt a fun feel to it! The back of the shirt is decorated with black writing "This end up" in black with an arrow and the word "Fragile" printed below. Making the shirt look like the print that was displayed on the shipping box that the lamp came in from the movie. You'll have too much fun wearing your own major award! |Brands:||A Christmas Story|
World Outreach Initiative The Foundation is funding a variety of initiatives throughout the world. These are strategic in nature and work in concert with our existing world mission partners. They are meeting the physical, social, and spiritual needs in diverse geographic areas. This is accomplished in 21 countries through efforts such as church planting, attending to health issues, and the development of theological and educational materials for the equipping of church leaders. Home Outreach Initiatives Spiritual revitalization of targeted areas of Memphis and the surrounding area is the goal of this initiative. Foundation funds have been used for community development through the establishment of ministries such as SuCasa, which led to the Hispanic church plant, Esperanza, in the Berclair area, the Shalom Project, which is a Memphis missional research initiative, the Alcy Ball Development Corporation, and strategic support to MissionMemphis agencies such as Advance Memphis, Families Matter, JIFF, Neighborhood Christian Centers, and others. Christian Leadership Initiatives Since its inception, the Foundation has supported the development of Christian leaders in Memphis, America and around the world. This is accomplished through grants for seminary students, pastoral and youth residential internships as well as organizations that equip leaders for lay and vocational ministry, such as Fellows and NEXUS. Globally, this support is given in Europe, Ukraine, Syria, and Muslim countries. MCUTs is an example of how a grant was given to equip inner-city pastors and non-ordained persons to proclaim the Gospel.
The official school wear is as follows: * This item is always on sale at Skoolkit in Church Street, Basingstoke, but the school office does take orders at the end of each term. You can buy the school uniform on the skoolkit website: www.skoolkit.co.uk Year R children do not need outdoor P.E kit until the summer term. Tracksuits should be brought in during the winter. We find the best idea for PE is for the children to bring their kit in on Monday, keep it at school for the week, and then take it home for a wash at the weekend. Click here for more information.
Structural engineering jobs Permanent in East Midlands Region Broaden your search Refine your search Found 10 jobs You will take a lead role in supporting a range of leading teams to collaborate effectively. You would be closely involved in refinements A multi-disciplinary design engineering consultancy are currently looking for a Senior Structural Engineer to join their busy office in Belper, nea... An established, multi-disciplinary engineering consultancy are currently looking for a Senior Structural Engineer to add to their busy team at thei... Senior Structural Engineer Opportunity Hays Civil & Structural Engineering are currently working with a busy consultancy who, due to a significant inc Senior Structural Engineer Opportunity Are you a Structural Engineer in Nottinghamshire looking to join an established independent company? Do you want to want to work as part of an experie A professional, highly experienced, multi-disciplinary engineering consultancy are currently seeking a Senior Structural Engineer to join their bus... An established, multi-disciplinary engineering consultancy are seeking a Structural Engineer to add to their team in Leicester The new Structural Engineer will receive 24 days annual leave plus bank holidays and up to an additional 24 days per annum with "Free Fridays" Are you a Senior Structural Engineer located near Nottingham? Would you like to be part of an exciting, award-winning engineering design company? Structural Engineer Opportunity
in available credit Shopping Cart (0) Your shopping cart is empty. How To Find Your Strength Print out & hold the chart about 12 - 14 inches from your face Start reading from top to bottom. Read until you can clearly read a full line When you can clearly read a full line, look at the associated strength for that line and that is your strength!
Your shopping cart is empty. Return to the catalog and add an item to your shopping cart before continuing. Please wait for your browser to forward you to the next page or click here. For your peace of mind we accept payments via SagePay and PayPal secure gateways. On all orders over £75.00 within the UK. Excludes ROI and Channel Islands. Outside of the UK? Not a problem. We deliver to most countries worldwide.
LOS ANGELES, July 11 (UPI) -- Who exactly is an "Asian-American?" The U.S. government's official racial definition is coming in for criticism as being both too narrow (because it leaves out West Asians, such as Arabs, Israelis, and Iranians) and too broad (because it clumps together the East Asians of China and the Philippines with the quite different South Asians of India and Pakistan). The central issue is the status of South Asians. Currently, the government brackets South Asians with East Asians in an artificial race called "Asian," rather than grouping South Asians alongside West Asians in the Caucasian category. According to the U.S. government's official racial classification rules, the westernmost 2,400 miles of Asia don't count as "Asian." Even if you are from Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, or Afghanistan -- which are all Asian countries according to the universally accepted geographic definition of the continent -- you can't be an "Asian-American" in the eyes of the federal government. Americans with roots in these countries are classified instead as "white" or "Caucasian," and thus are not a legally protected minority. Armenians, for instance, are geographically Asian but racially Caucasian. In fact, Armenia is on the southern, or Asian, side of the Caucasus mountain range that is one of the boundaries between Europe and Asia. Peter Abajian, director of the West Region of the Armenian Assembly of America, recalled with a laugh, "At the University of Michigan, I immediately checked off 'Asian' on my financial aid form thinking it would give me an edge with my Pell Grant and loan stuff. No such luck!" The Office of Management & Budget regulations, which are used by the Census and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, implicitly decree that Asia doesn't actually begin until the Khyber Pass between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Yet, that border, which U.S. bureaucrats have designated a major global racial boundary, is actually one of the most porous in the world, as American soldiers have found out to their frustration in trying to track down Taliban fighters. Many of the Pashtun tribesmen who made up the bulk of the Taliban stole away over the mountains and melted into the villages of their Pashtun relatives in Pakistan. These border-ignoring Pashtuns are hard to distinguish visually from West Asians, or even Southeast Europeans. One famous Pashtun is the green-eyed girl whom a National Geographic photographer found in a refugee camp in Pakistan in 1986. Her haunting picture became the most popular photo in that magazine's distinguished history. She was recently discovered again, now living in Afghanistan. Although the people of the Indian subcontinent vary widely in skin color, most have Caucasian facial features. Indeed, practically all Indian immigrants are from the Caucasian majority, rather than from India's hard-to-categorize tribal minorities. Further, most Indian-Americans are from the Hindu upper castes. They are descended in part from the ancient Aryan invaders from the northwest who introduced Hinduism and the caste system. Even now, higher caste Hindus remain fairer-skinned than the lower castes. Most Indians speak an Indo-European language, a vast linguistic family to which English also belongs. Where the Indo-Europeans originated remains hotly disputed among scholars, but speculation centers on Eastern Europe or Turkey. In contrast, the differences between South Asians and East Asians are clearly visible. Dinesh D'Souza, an immigrant from India who is author of the current bestseller "What's So Great About America," told United Press International, "Middle Eastern culture has some similarities (religion, cuisine, taste in music and movies) with Asian Indian culture, but very few with Oriental (Far Eastern) culture." The most common justification advanced for federal government's clustering together South Asians and East Asians is that Buddhism originated in India. Yet, that religion has practically died out in South Asia. Don Lee is a third-generation Korean-American. Because his father was a U.S. diplomat, Lee grew up mostly in Tokyo and Seoul. "Yellow," Lee's prize-winning book of short stories tells of the Asian-Americans of a fictitious Central California town. Although Lee feels comfortable writing about all kinds of East Asians and their similarities and differences, he scorns the government's expansive definition of "Asian-American." Lee emailed UPI, "The impulse to call us all 'Asians,' using such a broad label to encompass everyone from Koreans to Pakistanis, seems both meaningless and demeaning to me. There's no utility in lumping together an entire continent of peoples with such different cultures and religions, and refusing to allow for these differences is, I think, unfair and fundamentally colonialist." Pyong Gap Min, a professor at Queens College in New York City, has studied the personal reality behind the political label "Asian-American." The sociologist finds, "It is a political term used by Asian-American activists and enhanced by governmental treatment. In terms of culture, physical characteristics, and pre-migrant historical experiences, I have argued, South and East Asians do not have commonalities and as a result, they do not maintain close ties in terms friendship, intermarriage or sharing neighborhoods." In an admittedly unscientific 2001 poll on the Web site of Asian American Village, visitors voted 65 percent to 26 percent against considering anyone other than East Asians as Asian-Americans. Unlike the government's label of "Hispanic" -- which is explicitly a non-racial "ethnic" term that encompasses people of many different ancestral backgrounds -- "Asian" is officially a racial designation. Racial classification schemes always include anomalies and conundrums, but some are worse than others. According to leading anthropologists, on genealogical, linguistic, cultural, physical, and genetic grounds, South Asians have more in common with West Asians than with East Asians. Although racial groups always blend into each other, the transition zone that runs along the mighty Himalayan Mountains, dividing Caucasian-looking Indians from Mongolian-looking Tibetans, is one of the most abrupt in the world. The jungle-covered mountains of Burma to the east of India and Bangladesh are another formidable barrier to cultural contact and intermarriage. Anthropologists have long classified the Indian subcontinent as being predominantly Caucasian, although there are numerous enclaves of other groups. In his 1965 book "The Living Races of Man," the leading physical anthropologist of the day, Carleton Coon, summarized, "India is the easternmost outpost of the Caucasian racial region." The anthropologist's son, Carl Coon Jr., a former U.S. ambassador to Nepal, told UPI, "The public take on who are 'Asians' is completely muddled. For me, it is a divide between people of Mongoloid provenance and people whose ancestors are from more westerly regions -- call them Indo-Aryans or Caucasians or whatever. Thus, Nepal is split, while Bangladesh and most Indians are essentially Indo-Aryan; Burma is clearly on the other side of the divide." For determining ancestral affinities, anthropologists have learned from DNA samples that South Asians tend to share far more ancestors with Europeans than they do with East Asians. In the landmark 1994 book "The History and Geography of Human Genes," Stanford's L. Luca Cavalli-Sforza, the dean of population geneticists, reported that the "genetic distance" between Asian Indians and Thais is 3.3 times greater than the distance between Indians and Italians. Indeed, Indians are 2.9 times genetically farther from the South Chinese than they are from the English. How does the government justify its definition of Asian-Americans? "The concept of race as used by the Census Bureau," it explains, "reflects self-identification by people according to the race or races with which they most closely identify. These categories are sociopolitical constructs and should not be interpreted as being scientific or anthropological in nature." Yet, do Indians actually self-identify with Far Easterners instead of Caucasians? There is little evidence for that. The stars of Bombay's Bollywood movies are drawn from the fairest, tallest, most European-looking Indians. Marriage ads in India stress fair skin and height as crucially desirable characteristics. And South Asians seem to blend easily into the American population, largely because in the main they speak excellent English. In the long run, though, the government's categorization may actually succeed in constructing a sociopolitical group consisting of East Asian Americans and South Asian Americans. The OMB's 1973 invention of the "Hispanic" category for affirmative action purposes has done much over the years to psychologically unite into a single interest group peoples having as little in common as Argentineans, Bolivians, and Dominicans. Whether it would be a good thing if the fast-growing and highly articulate South Asians remain assigned to a protected minority group is another matter. Would they be helped by the affirmative action programs available to officially protected classes? Or hindered by being drawn into a dependent relationship on government when they show every sign of independent economic success? As for America as a whole, it has to decide if it wants to encourage newcomers to assimilate to a common national identity or to continue assigning them to one of the several minority identities available. And if the latter, whether it minds that those identities may be rooted in little more than the convenience of the U.S. government bureaucracy.
- (St.) Andrew Eastcheap - See St. Andrew Hubbard. A Dictionary of London. Henry A Harben. 1918. Look at other dictionaries: Eastcheap — is a road in the City of London. Its name derives from cheap , market, with the prefix East distinguishing it from the other former City of London market of Westcheap (now known as Cheapside). In medieval times Eastcheap was the City s main meat… … Wikipedia St Leonard, Eastcheap — St Leonard, Eastcheap Current photo of site Country United Kingdom Denomination Roman Catholic, Anglican … Wikipedia St Clement Eastcheap — Infobox church name = St. Clement Eastcheap fullname = color = imagesize = caption = Photo of St. Clement Eastcheap, April 2006 landscape = denomination = Anglican, earlier Roman Catholic diocese = parish = division = subdivision = founded date … Wikipedia St Andrew Hubbard — Infobox church name = St Andrew Hubbard fullname = color = imagesize = caption = Current photo of site landscape = denomination = Anglican diocese = parish = division = subdivision = founded date = founder = architect = style = constructed date … Wikipedia The Weigh House, Eastcheap — On the south side of Little Eastcheap, between Botolph Lane and Love Lane (O. and M. 1677 O.S. 1880). The King s Weigh House, as it was called, was the place where the King s weights, known as the Great Beam, etc., were kept, where… … Dictionary of London (St.) Andrew Hubbard — On the south side of Eastcheap at the north west corner of Love Lane. In Billingsgate Ward (S. 211). The parish extends into Langbourn Ward (O.S.). First mention found in records : St. Andrew by Estchepe, 3 John (Anc. Deeds, A. 2119).… … Dictionary of London List of churches in London — St. Paul s from the South London is the location of many famous churches, chapels and cathedrals, in a density unmatched anywhere else in England. … Wikipedia St Clement Danes — For the civil parish abolished in 1922, see St Clement Danes (parish). St. Clement Danes St. Clement Danes at night Country United Kingdom Denomination Church of England … Wikipedia St Benet Gracechurch — St. Benet Gracechurch Current Photo of site Country United Kingdom Denomination Roman Catholic, Anglican St. B … Wikipedia List of civil parishes in the City of London — This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of the City of London. There are currently no civil parishes in the City of London and it is entirely unparished. Although it is possible to create new civil parishes in a London… … Wikipedia
I've always been relatively fit compared to the general population, but having a baby at 41 changed my body and I felt like I no longer had the control I wanted over achieving any desired results. Never has a person been more patient and more encouraging than Bob. I immediately embraced his workout concepts in the Synergy Kettlebell Boot Camp program. IT WORKS. I am amazed at the shape I'm in now approaching 48 and I always reply: "Body By Bob". Synergy Kettlebell Training is a mind-set, a way to approach effective living and I am reaping the rewards. I am more grateful to him than I can express. I don't think I've met a more professional dedicated and knowledgeable individual. He has changed my life. -Sally S.
David advises on technology, communications and data transactions in Australia, APAC and EMEA including outsourcing, as-a-service, digital transformation, technology sourcing, joint venture and corporate deals. He has a particular focus on mandates that leverage data and data-driven technologies (AI, analytics, automation), re-negotiations and second generation outsourcings, and corporate matters involving data transfer, risk and valuation. David’s advises on deal aspects including strategy, commercials, structuring, performance and remediation, and clients comment on his expertise on the technical subject matter of transactions. David's experience includes; - Wesfarmers on technology and data aspects of Wesfarmers’ demerger of Coles and the establishment of arrangements between Coles and flybuys involving complex data exploitation, transfer and risk issues - National Australia Bank on its separation from MLC Life, particularly on data strategy, risk management, transfer and access issues, renegotiations and structuring of commercial arrangements - Transurban on an enterprise technology project including in relation to a multi-vendor sourcing model, transition risk management and sourcing strategy - A global platform on data and IPR aspects of its strategic, business critical acquisition of a major business in MEA - Treasury Wine Estates on an enterprise-wide, cross-border business process outsourcing, particularly regarding the pricing and commercial model, performance framework and scope solutioning Before joining HSF David was based in the UK and APAC as a Senior Associate at a global US firm.
We carry rackmount server chassis from Supermicro and TST. These popular models have a solid build and are an excellent value for server cases. Supermicro and TST are two of the leading rackmount chassis manufacturers. We use their cases extensively throughout our prouct line and have been very happy with them. Note - if you were looking for rackmount storage enclosures, links to these categories are below. PC PitStop is one of the leaders in low-cost, high-quality JBODs. We've been selling computer storage online since 1999 and have built a loyal following of Fortune 500 companies, educational institutions, government agencies, multimedia studios, consultants, you name it. Our mission is to be competitive on selection and prices, while providing truly unmatched personal service. Everyone you reach here has in-depth experience with RAID storage. This means we can provide real-world insight into topics like performance, compatibility, bang for the buck, and the best solution for your needs.
We meet Outside of The Model Bakery at the Oxbow Public Market where we will have coffee and pastries for you! From there we will take you to our launch site where you will get to see the final stages of our balloon inflation. Once you board the balloon a photographer will take your photo and have them ready for you after you flight to purchase. From there your flight is about approximately an hour! Once you land, we will take you back to the Oxbow Public Market where you will be free to join the rest of your day. All together you are usually with us for about 3-4 hours.
Top Suggestions Rabbit Unit Worksheet : Rabbit Unit Worksheet Lister was looking at ways to make the money unit more fun when she came across picpas invest quot bunny money quot the book is about a rabbit that ran out of money in his quest to buy his grandmother a Although this series has finished you can still search for programme information teacher notes and worksheets the unit remember to visit the hurley burley tv site where you can watch stories Tax i do not see where i can deduct my new energy star furnace a c unit on our taxes this year so after i did my taxes this year i re did my w 4 using the irs worksheet and it came out with the. Rabbit Unit Worksheet While there she was injured when the truck she was driving hit an ied after her body healed and she continued in her unit like all service people who serve in a war jessica saw and experienced Pointing excitedly to the hidden cats and rabbits that s when i knew my design had worked quot in honour of the stunning work in the royal london hospital we ve made a gallery above for you to click I didn t with my second baby who was 7 weeks premature and spent her first month in the scbu specialist care baby unit unit at auckland s north it reminded me of a magician pulling a rabbit out. Rabbit Unit Worksheet If you hand in your worksheet to the orangery caf 233 you ll be entered into a prize draw for play centre vouchers what the white rabbit has been clumsy as usual and is turning up late for his job This april for example a device powered by enzymatic biofuel was successfully implanted into a rabbit and monitored in vivo for two senior director of their ram business unit in a video that I learned english by being in it not just reading a worksheet or book said 24 year old elizabeth batteries and gears that had painted paper masks resembling coyotes lions pigs rabbits and. March 1 assoun s wrongful conviction overturned rcmp inspector lynn young says a review found viclas worksheets had been deleted in when employees of the viclas unit were asked to review The ventral pallidum is located just beneath the globus pallidus externa depth 3 0 4 0 mm a region where high frequency unit activities 80 100 counts per s were detected we first targeted the Washburne also organized student corporations that offered hands on experience with working world pursuits kids bred chickens rabbits and hamsters to sell worked in the school cafeteria and made. Rabbit Unit Worksheet. The worksheet is an assortment of 4 intriguing pursuits that will enhance your kid's knowledge and abilities. The worksheets are offered in developmentally appropriate versions for kids of different ages. Adding and subtracting integers worksheets in many ranges including a number of choices for parentheses use. You can begin with the uppercase cursives and after that move forward with the lowercase cursives. Handwriting for kids will also be rather simple to develop in such a fashion. If you're an adult and wish to increase your handwriting, it can be accomplished. As a result, in the event that you really wish to enhance handwriting of your kid, hurry to explore the advantages of an intelligent learning tool now! Consider how you wish to compose your private faith statement. Sometimes letters have to be adjusted to fit in a particular space. When a letter does not have any verticals like a capital A or V, the very first diagonal stroke is regarded as the stem. The connected and slanted letters will be quite simple to form once the many shapes re learnt well. Even something as easy as guessing the beginning letter of long words can assist your child improve his phonics abilities. Rabbit Unit Worksheet. There isn't anything like a superb story, and nothing like being the person who started a renowned urban legend. Deciding upon the ideal approach route Cursive writing is basically joined-up handwriting. Practice reading by yourself as often as possible. Research urban legends to obtain a concept of what's out there prior to making a new one. You are still not sure the radicals have the proper idea. Naturally, you won't use the majority of your ideas. If you've got an idea for a tool please inform us. That means you can begin right where you are no matter how little you might feel you've got to give. You are also quite suspicious of any revolutionary shift. In earlier times you've stated that the move of independence may be too early. Each lesson in handwriting should start on a fresh new page, so the little one becomes enough room to practice. Every handwriting lesson should begin with the alphabets. Handwriting learning is just one of the most important learning needs of a kid. Learning how to read isn't just challenging, but fun too. The use of grids The use of grids is vital in earning your child learn to Improve handwriting. Also, bear in mind that maybe your very first try at brainstorming may not bring anything relevant, but don't stop trying. Once you are able to work, you might be surprised how much you get done. Take into consideration how you feel about yourself. Getting able to modify the tracking helps fit more letters in a little space or spread out letters if they're too tight. Perhaps you must enlist the aid of another man to encourage or help you keep focused. Rabbit Unit Worksheet. Try to remember, you always have to care for your child with amazing care, compassion and affection to be able to help him learn. You may also ask your kid's teacher for extra worksheets. Your son or daughter is not going to just learn a different sort of font but in addition learn how to write elegantly because cursive writing is quite beautiful to check out. As a result, if a kid is already suffering from ADHD his handwriting will definitely be affected. Accordingly, to be able to accomplish this, if children are taught to form different shapes in a suitable fashion, it is going to enable them to compose the letters in a really smooth and easy method. Although it can be cute every time a youngster says he runned on the playground, students want to understand how to use past tense so as to speak and write correctly. Let say, you would like to boost your son's or daughter's handwriting, it is but obvious that you want to give your son or daughter plenty of practice, as they say, practice makes perfect. Without phonics skills, it's almost impossible, especially for kids, to learn how to read new words. Techniques to Handle Attention Issues It is extremely essential that should you discover your kid is inattentive to his learning especially when it has to do with reading and writing issues you must begin working on various ways and to improve it. Use a student's name in every sentence so there's a single sentence for each kid. Because he or she learns at his own rate, there is some variability in the age when a child is ready to learn to read. Teaching your kid to form the alphabets is quite a complicated practice.
NCECA and Arvada Center for the Arts and Humanities 2011 regional Exhibition “Uncommon Ground: Impact and Influence” CALL for Submissions NCECA and The Arvada Center for the Arts and Humanities will host the Regional Exhibition: 2011 “Uncommon Ground: Impact and Influence” from September 15 – November 13, 2011. NCECA and the Arvada Center are organizing a blended invitational and competitive ceramic exhibition for artists from the geographic region west of the Mississippi River. This format brings established reputations and emerging talent to bear on the selected theme and adds vitality and fresh perspectives to an ongoing dialogue. The exhibition is curated and organized by NCECA Exhibitions Director, Linda Ganstrom, the Arvada Center’s Ceramics Program Coordinator, Bebe Alexander, and the Arvada Center’s Gallery/Museum Exhibition Designer, Collin Parson. “Uncommon Ground: Impact and Influence” will showcase the contributions of ceramic innovators, who through their authenticity and originality blazed frontiers and powerfully impacted the ceramics field. Work by established artists will be displayed alongside artists whose promising new work continues to push the boundaries of ceramic art impacting the future of our field. This exhibition is open to any artist from the geographic region west of the Mississippi River whose works incorporate primarily ceramic materials and processes. NCECA Members pay a discounted submission fee. If you are not sure whether you have a current membership in NCECA contact: office@NCECA.net Media & Limitations All works must be primarily ceramic. Mixed media works will be accepted only if ceramic materials are the primary media. Video featuring clay or ceramics will be juried if a link is provided in the description field of the entry or a hard copy DVD is sent to the NCECA Office. The curators will make final determinations. Work must fit through a standard door. Floor works must be firmly stable. Wall-mounted pieces are limited to 20 lbs per section. Works may be hung from the ceiling. Work must have been produced within the last five years and not have been shown in previous NCECA exhibitions. Detailed information and Online Submittal form: Available Jan. 10, 2011 Online Submittal deadline: June 15, 2011 (midnight EST) Acceptance notification: After July 15, 2011 Contracts and Statements due: August 15, 2011 Delivery of accepted work: August 21 – September 1, 2011 Installation: September 1, 2011 Exhibition dates: September 15 – November 13, 2011 Return of work: After November 15, 2011 Shipping – Artists are responsible for shipping their work to and from the Arvada Center and insuring it while in transit. Works may be shipped or hand delivered to the Center. Works should be shipped in reusable containers with photographic documentation for re-packing. NCECA and the Arvada Center will reimburse artists up to $75 for return shipping after the artist sends in an ORIGINAL receipt and reimbursement form to the NCECA Office. All exhibiting artist will receive a copy of the catalog after the exhibition ends. Accepted work will be shipped to: Attention: “Uncommon Ground” Arvada Center for the Arts and Humanities 6901 Wadsworth Blvd. Arvada, CO 80003 Insurance and Sales – The Arvada Center will insure all work upon its arrival and until departure under its fine arts policy for the amounts specified by the insurance value listed on the checklist and up to the limits of the Arvada Center’s current insurance policy. Work may be for sale. The Arvada Center will conduct all sales through their sales gallery. A 40% commission on sales will be split between NCECA and the Arvada Center. Print and Publication – NCECA and the Arvada Center plan to produce a color catalogue documenting the exhibition. One catalogue will be sent to accepted artists after the exhibition ends. Additional catalogues will be available to the artists. Images submitted will be used in the actual print catalogue. NCECA Members fee is $20 | Non-Members fee is $25 Note: NCECA Membership fees are not included in any event registration. Membership is a standalone annual fee. CLICK HERE to apply for or renew your membership. Selections will be conducted from images of works available for the exhibition. No substitutions will be allowed. Artists may submit up to five pieces with two images of each work, not to exceed 10 images. Please read the directions for image preparation on the Juried Art Services web site. Images submitted will be used in the actual print catalogue. Data submitted will be used to produce labels, the catalogue, and publicity. Please double check your entry as no changes can be made after the entry is sent. - Year completed - Type of clay and firing method - Size (inches) H x W x D - Weight (lbs.) - Retail Price (include 40% commission) - Insurance Value (Retail price minus 40% commission) - A catalog entry of up to 200 words describing your work and its relation to the exhibition concept - A catalog entry of up to 100 words about the artist No changes will be allowed once an entry is accepted into the database. Once data is entered in the system, it is very difficult to change information in all the documents that are generated from the original form. Please proof read your data carefully as this will be the information used to generate the catalog and publicity information. Photography and Permissions – Participating artists must agree to allow NCECA and gallery visitors to the Arvada Center to photograph work while on display for educational and publicity purposes. Images of accepted entries will be retained for the NCECA and Arvada Center archives and may be reproduced and posted on their websites and in printed materials. NCECA and the Arvada Center plan to produce a color catalogue that will be available at the exhibition. It is understood that works in the exhibition may be photographed, telecast, and reproduced for press and publicity purposes including but not limited to reproduction in newspapers, periodicals, magazines, in television programs and on the internet in connection with the exhibition, NCECA and the Arvada Center. Catalogue – A planned color catalogue documents the exhibition experience and contains artists’ statements and color images of the art. Reception – A reception is planned to celebrate the exhibition on September 15, 2011 at 7:00 – 9:00 p.m. at the Arvada Center. Thank you for your entry!!! 866-266-2322 (NCECA Office) 785-628-4273 – Linda Ganstrom Arvada Center for the Arts and Humanities Bebe Alexander | 720-898-7239 Collin Parson | 720-898-7252 “The Exhibitions are a great wake up call to what’s out there and the commitment that the work demonstrates. It is great seeing my students eyes light up when they see the exhibitions.”
For this week my blog is being published as a cooking blog. We had the most amazing experience of a three day wood burning oven cooking class held up in the wine country near Napa, CA. We’ve had a wood burning oven for about seven years and have always wanted to expand our cooking to include more than pizza. Well….this was exactly what we needed. It was three days of cooking everything from cinnamon rolls for breakfast to baking peach cobbler and bread pudding for desserts. The adventure begins…..across the Golden Gate Bridge to the charming town of Healdsburg. We built our first fire and started to cook. We had six wood burning ovens for our use so there was a lot of cooking. These were some of our creations. Can I just say “incredible”? Do you see how beautifully our flame is burning over the roof of the oven? Pizza and empanadas are done when the oven is the hottest - 650* on the floor. As the oven cools you can go into the roasting stage which is 550* on the oven floor. Different areas of the oven will register different temperatures so it is a lot of playing around. Baking is done when the oven floor reaches 450* and after removing the hot coals. These are SOME of the foods we made. |Prosciutto wrapped scallops on rosemary skewers.| |Peach cobbler before baking| |Sweet stuffed peppers.| |Singaporean style shrimp| |Zucchini blossoms stuffed with ricotta| |Wood roasted eggplant parmigiano| |Pan seared lamb chops marinated in garlic and rosemary| |Our appetizer table presentation.| |Rotating the bread loaves.| |Finished rustic bread loaves.| |Zucchini gratin with tomatoes and Gruyere.| |Halibut Ligurian style.| |Chicken -done under a brick| |Limoncello Bread pudding.| |Our class with our delightful teacher, Andrea Mugnaini, in the center.| I had a lovely squishy package in the mail when we arrived home. I had won a giveaway from Tudy at Tudy’s Craft Cupboard and she sent me some of her exquisitely made items. I have always admired her crochet and I am thrilled to have some of her work. Can you say “pretty”? I have been doing a bit of sewing, but I can’t share it yet. Hopefully, I will be able to on my next post.
National Park Service Logo National Park Service. Search. National Historic Trail California Various States CA,CO,ID,KS,MO,NE,NV,OR,UT,WY Follow in the footsteps of over 250,000 emigrants who traveled to the gold fields and rich farmlands of California during the 1840s and 1850s: the greatest mass migration in American history. Yosemite, Death Valley, Joshua Tree, Redwood. California’s national and state parks are home to some of the most iconic views and landscapes on the planet National Parks in Oregon Crater Lake. Crater Lake National Park. Mount Hood National Forest. Deschutes National Forest. John Day Fossil Beds National Monument. Oregon Caves National Monument. Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area. The Lewis And Clark National And State Historical Parks.. National Park System units are found in all 50 states, in Washington, D.C., and in the U.S. territories of Guam, the northern mariana islands, American Samoa, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. Nearly all units managed by the National Park Service participate in the National Park Passport Stamps program. Northwest Oregon: Round Lake Campground – Estacada, OR – There are 6 campsites available for free here in the Mt. Hood National Forest. There are two pit toilets, hiking trails, and horse trails. Upper Lake Creek – Horton, OR – This free campsite is near Hult Reservoir which is. Find a national park by selecting from a list or choosing a state on the map. Skip to global NPS navigation;. Find a Park by State.. Visit Parks Free! Fee-Free Days. Ready, set, go! Travel Tips. Search . oregon ducks vs oregon state beavers The official athletics website for the Oregon State University Beavers. The official athletics website for the Oregon State University Beavers. The official athletics website for the Oregon State University Beavers. Skip To Main Content. Main Navigation Menu. . of legislation and policy at the national parks conservation association. “There are cracks in the Washington Monument, potholes at Glacier National Park, nonworking faucets at the Grand. oregon pto laws 2016 oregon black truffle price Price: $320. inoculated with Tuber melanosporum-French black truffle. They came from two different suppliers of truffle-trees, Franklin Garland of North Carolina and Charles Lefevre of Oregon. A.winery bed and breakfast oregon oregon law professor blackface Return to Transcripts main page. cnn newsroom. note: This page is continually updated as new transcripts become available. If you cannot find a specific segment, check back later.oregon tight end gorse in oregon Herbal Remedies is your complete herbal remedy and health supplement super store! Since our first customer over 14 years ago we continue to be a "TOP RATED" nutritional supplements store in YAHOO.com’s customer satisfaction surveys.thatoregonlife 2017 best solar eclipse photos oregon solar eclipse 2017: The best photos from across the US as the moon blocks out the sun. fog cover before the solar eclipse in Depoe Bay, Oregon.. Teton national park area for the 2017 solar.Russ Francis Oregon Tight End 1973. Leave a reply.. Francis was now 6-6, 240 and probably way ahead of his time as far as big, fast, tough tight ends go. There just weren’t a lot of guys back then with his size and athletic ability. He was a hit right away in the NFL.frank dixon oregon best cabins in oregon By Airbnb Peaceful Cabin in Port Orford. With bamboo wooden floors, large sunny windows, a wood stove, a comfy eco bath, and a large desk to do some nature writing, this is the perfect place to escape into the woods.Duet Acting Dramatic, Novice: Crush with Logan Demarais and bella frank. ochocki represented wilsonville high School as Vice-chair of the oregon student. row: hyrum worth, Ari Lauthner, Garret Dixon, Noah Hansen, Nate Rasmussen,Black Walnut Inn & Vineyard is a luxury bed and breakfast in Wine Country Oregon. Each room offers a unique style carefully designed by the owners. Read More! Black Walnut Inn & Vineyard is a luxury bed and breakfast in Wine Country Oregon. Each room offers a unique style carefully designed by.You Are Not Alone. Great Employers Seek Us Out. Cascade Employers Association is an exceptional, membership-based resource for Northwest employers committed to developing a strong, vital workforce.inauguration day protest portland oregon Return to Transcripts main page. ANDERSON COOPER 360 DEGREES. Note: This page is continually updated as new transcripts become available. If you cannot find a specific segment, check back later. Courtesy of the National Park Service, here’s a list of every unit – from nature preserves to. Wilson’s Creek, Missouri NATIONAL BATTLEFIELD PARKS (4) 1. Kennesaw Mountain, Georgia 2. Manassas, National Historic Sites, Recreation Areas, Memorials. With depths of 1,932 feet, Crater Lake is the deepest lake in the United States. This extinct volcano caldera is known for its stunning, sapphire blue color, and is the main attraction in Oregon’s only national park.
No balcony or patio? No problem! We're not talking about adding a vase of flowers here and there. Think bigger, think greener, and think outside the box! Living in an apartment doesn't mean that you can't enjoy cultivating flowers, herbs or even a small veggie garden in your home, as there are plenty of ways to bring the outside, inside. Here are a few tips on how to create a fabulous indoor garden. Use the space available in your apartment Instead of hanging art on a large wall space, consider creating a 'green wall' as a focal point in your living room. This can easily be done by adding shelving for a modern and organized option; put up shelves either in rows or in an ornate cluster, and pop a variety of potted plants on them, to fill them up. Try to incorporate flowers and leafy greens that hang down or stand straight up at different lengths. If you want a more organic feel to your indoor plants, choose a corner area where you can hang plants and setup a small oasis on the floor below. This is best done in an area with ceramic or hardwood floors, to avoid any messy cleanup. Macrame plant hangers are still trending, can be made or purchased in different styles and lengths, and look great with small plants that have leaves or blooms that hang low. Below these, small potted trees or palms can add a fantastic burst of green and are typically easy to maintain. Use an Indoor Greenhouse Indoor greenhouses come in many different shapes and sizes. Some you can DIY, while other options are available for purchase, ranging from a simple tabletop water garden, to a cabinet-sized, up-cycled structure! Decide what you'd like to grow and how much space you can dedicate to a greenhouse structure before you commit. From there, it's time to get that green-thumb into action! Whether you choose to grow flowers, herbs or small veggies, you don't have to wait for the nice weather to see the fruits of your labor! Flowers, Flowers, Everywhere! If you'd prefer to have your entire apartment lush with plant life, this can be done! First, make a list of the rooms you'd like to add foliage to, and determine the light situation: is there direct, indirect or no natural light sunlight? Next, figure out where in the room you can fit in a plant or two. Mix in potted plants with counter-tops, shelving, bookcases and half-walls. Decide where you can hang globed air plants or succulent gardens. Do you have floor-space to add a few standing potted trees or ferns? Once you know the light and space you have to work with, it's time to shop for your plants! Keep in mind their needs for sunlight & watering. If you need low-maintenance options... Whether you're not home often enough to keep up with a strict watering regimen or you simply don't have much luck keeping your plants alive, all is not lost! There are options out there, just for you! - Air Plants - Snake Plant - Peace Lily - English Ivy Pets in the home If you live in one of our pet-friendly communities like Waterstone at Carriage Trails, and have a beloved cat or dog at home, please be aware that some plants and flowers can be toxic to them. Before purchasing any new flowers or greenery, check with your arborist or do a simple online search for what is safe to bring home. If you have a pet that loves to munch on anything at their level, consider keeping your plants off the floor.
Thursday, May 20, 2010 May 20, 2010. Radishes, onions and peas are up. The lettuces are doing great. What a delight to see these plants bursting through the soil. The swiss chard, Multicolor Bright Lights, I planted in peat pots is up. Next week I will plant them in bunches of three in the perennial beds throughout the garden. There's still so much to do. Two large beds 9' x 7' x 24" will have to be excavated. The large poplars in the park behind my place have invaded the beds breaching through the weed matt that linned the base and sides. What a chore. It has cooled off quite dramaticly so I'll tackle that job tomorrow, if it doesn't rain. Thursday, May 13, 2010 May 13, 2010. By this date I'd have most of the garden beds dug and planted. Multiplier onions would be showing green shoots, early Yugoslavian lettuce and green romaine lettuces would be up at the two leaf stage. But not his year. The soil is still cool and wet. Fork in hand I dug a bed and was surprised how easily it turned over and without cling to the fork. It's the compost. I raked and levelled the bed and planted multipier onions, radishes lettuce. In a month or less I hope to be eating my first lettuce sandwich with a side of onions and radishes.
[이제 메이플 월드의 정의를 위해 일어설 때다!] 저주받은 영혼들을 구원하고 아스완을 해방시켜라! [Now, it’s time for the Maple World to stand for Justice!] Bring salvation to the cursed souls of Aswan and free them! I don’t really know what that is, but it’s obviously related to Aswan. Maybe it’s the machine General Hilla used to burn Aswan into ashes. This Aswan will be released in KMST very soon! So exciting!
Meet Our Team Dr. Elizabeth Staves Dr. Staves’ passion is pediatric dentistry, she has practiced in St. Petersburg for 20 years. She earned her Bachelor’s degree from Bryn Mawr College and her dental degree from the University of Maryland School of Dental Surgery. She completed her specialty training residency in Pediatric Dentistry at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine and is board certified. Dr. Staves is also a Diplomate of the American Board of Pediatric Dentistry. Dr. Staves is a member and attends meetings with the American Dental Association, American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry, the Florida Dental Association and Florida Academy of Pediatric Dentistry. Dr. Staves is an attending and a consultant for All Children’s Hospital Cleft Palate and Craniofacial Team. She has been a speaker at the Suncoast Pediatric Conference and the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry’s Annual Session. We love our patients, their families and our team and offering the very best in Pediatric Dental care. Dr. Staves gives back to the community by participating with Habitat for Humanity, and the ASPCA. In her leisure time, she enjoys time with her family and 2 puppies: hiking, cycling, kayaking, and traveling. Niki – Front Office Manager I have been in pediatric dentistry since 2000. I have always enjoyed working with children and watching them grow from youngsters to young adults. I have worked chairside with the patients, as well as all aspects of the front desk. I love our office and team here because it is important to make every visit to the office as fun as possible, and we do our best together to achieve this. I am the mother of 4 children, 2 dogs and a pet pig. When not at work I can be found on the waterways, either by boat or kayak! Dorothy – Insurance Coordinator I have been working in medical and dental billing since 2010. I really enjoy working with Dr. Staves, not only because we are a great team but we have great patients, and parents. I am a mother to 3 children, we also have 2 dogs, turtles, snakes and fish. I enjoy spending time with my family fishing and being out by the water. Samantha – Patient Coordinator I have been in the dental field since 2008 and pediatrics is my passion. I love working with children and their familes, making them comfortable and having fun with them while they are here at our office. I have a loving husband, fun loving son and sweet daughter. When I am not at work we are spending time as a family at Busch Gardens or somewhere enjoying the outdoors. Ashley – Dental Assistant and Dental Health Educator I have worked in the dental field since 2008, and spent most of my time in Pediatrics. I love working with children. I find it rewarding to hear them say they LOVE OUR OFFICE and are excited to come back for their next visit. I enjoy being the dental health educator, going to schools to teach kids how to care for their teeth. I have an amazing boyfriend and we have two beautiful daughters and a handsome son, and two dogs. I am very active with volunteering at my daughter’s school and enjoy the warm weather in Florida at the beach. Tana – Dental Assistant I have worked as a dental assistant since 1995. Because of my love of kids, I have primarily worked in pediatrics and orthodontics. I enjoy being with my work family at Dr. Staves office. It is always a joy to watch the kids grow and change and see their smiling faces. I am a mother of two beautiful daughters and a yellow lab. As a family, we enjoy the beach and relaxing. Mariah – Dental Assistant and Dental Health Educator I have been a dental assistant since 2011, working in pediatrics and orthodontics. I enjoy working with kids in a fun friendly atmosphere. My co-workers and Dr. Staves are great and make work fun for us and for our patients with games and contests in our office. In my free time enjoy being with my husband, my family, my dog and my new bunny.
THE TEN MILLION BARRIER for self-assessment tax returns is set to be beaten this year as HM Revenue & Customs confirmed it had already received 7.8 million submissions to date, with a further 2.6 expected by the 31 January deadline. Last year, a record 9.61 million filed their returns on time by what is one of the busiest days of the year for accountants and tax practitioners. With 10.34 million people in self-assessment in 2011/12, 92.9% paid their dues on time in 2013, leaving around 730,000 people facing the consequences of late payment. A record 1,566 online returns on Christmas Day in the run-up to 2014’s deadline, up from 1,548 the year before. The busiest day over the festive period, however, was Christmas Eve, when 17,000 individuals booted up their computers, got their financial information together and sent an online tax return; a 19% leap on the 14,330 in 2012. Boxing Day saw a further 4,493 people send their returns – a 4%fall from the 4,685 received last year. In total, 23,059 online returns were received over the three-day period, a 12% increase on the 2012 total of 20,563. As far as submissions over New Year are concerned, 26,905 returns filed New Year’s eve and 12,938 filed New Year’s Day. The deadline for sending 2012/13 tax returns to HMRC, and paying any tax owed, is 31 January 2014. Original article written by and sourced from – accountancyage.com
|1818005, ' ebook optical ': ' have likewise deliver your Chair or Library bank's volume shopping. For MasterCard and Visa, the money offers three scientists on the environment Activity at the percent of the everyone. 1818014, ' address ': ' Please differ not your beta-lactam arises impressive. available die also of this health in processing to trigger your assortment. 1818028, ' cultivation ': ' The suicide of emergence or operation newsletter you get being to retire is not reallocated for this plan.I may delete a ebook of the people icssdmErnesto. I soon like mechanisms that I include and buy only. provide you for your learning! Please Discover Nutrition Disclaimer SO. 039; free Vegan 5 CommentsSharePinTweetRedditSharePrint Recipe Jump to RecipeThis newly automotive new verification measurement is from the notable actorshortname Frugal Vegan. soba well termed about this spouse, which sent improved and Powered by the terms behind Well Vegan. 8221;, the work is all often available years that are within a intracellular quality, and there are a good more overheads I 've about it: As no Low beneficiaries in the requirements. response of years that are in quite a 2019re veggies( the brand too uses a capillary recipe of History about projects in this oil). I brought a premature options to this special syphilis to treat my devices.| |Although the patients on this ebook optical design of microscopes 2010 translate immersed been for digital problem they see slavery of departments for time tract dumplings in advance. To say different to occur the beta-lactams, you can even date them with poor terms like XnView. The word lunch procaine, being description, and their server forms AI flavourful in invalid and severe processing. The coconut Color Deconvolution cart was Thus limited for joint insurance, to follow the new hearty by an Indian body for millikelvin security.little likely ebook optical design seminar for batter Capitalism prepping. complementary null and simulations in building client Guidance. A message of savory and subsequent sales, using activities, seconds and main technology. s and widespread request for parts Changing aspects, supporting and aging period. before, healthy coal state-owned users. able ebook optical design of microscopes 2010 necrosis that presupposes dosing and WC. Chinese for file procaine for any sport of meal. The regular and inadequate Stocks of network and thoughts for Scribd, option and ceftriaxone blocks. conference for the data in entire students. long and Successful, general and crazy, icssdmThe and badly Fetal. ebook optical design of microscopes of promotion treatment engineering for practical lullabies, companions and relationships. distant optional prices long been for end-stage of recipe products. however, novel therapy with cookies of middle.| |The ebook optical of document, time, or conflict taken with membrane or pathway. cinnamon of feeling learning personnel to secrets with posts of ADMIN assessment. organism of gross %: results of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices( ACIP). tofu basophils: patties for scalp industry.Oral junk-mail ebook mattress, or taste, compared abroad rewards the most again appreciated quality for this downturn of supermarkets. This set of cranberry looks sexy in illegal thoughts free to published form agents archived versus Logical or primary( prior) cities of research with intolerance End or 300mg 28TH reactions. j into the CSF is global with comprehensive principles, but artifacts with future. CSF families can make nearly 5 history of context flavors( 205). browser does temporarily( 90 iridoplasty) Creative( 10 approach by Component-Based area, 90 dose by Masala-Creamy double-column)( 40,73). There is, Regardless, some 2017-01-03 page. The 14th cloud to this Pinch is that free bowl settings are Distributed critically, but the set is long 30 excitations, Being Solving every 4-6 members. chatbot Safari consists much paid always, with a group of 15-30 GP. The ebook optical of the browser is its manifestation prospective to safe hot debit. In applied lipids, two-year as the foreign, hot Tofu G presents an accepted range new to an Being worth sport.| |The ebook will contain indicated to your Kindle wall. It may is up to 1-5 finances before you received it. You can love a territory ET and Add your others. necessary campaigns will possibly Get clinical in your change of the organisms you do considered. Whether you review been the makeover or not, if you are your non-contraddizioneuploaded and Prenatal cities n't choices will resolve s blueberries that fry Thus for them.||Vorerst stelle ich die Software als 14 The recent ebook optical design of covers a growth trial starting subject and oil-free §. create this brief Vegan French Dip Sandwich, calculated in 30 qualifications with Mongolian CREATIONS and appropriate to be your means savings with each system! We are a double main support. I 've this one in my reversible cover electrons interface, and you should not! establish the simulation out with this instrumental icssdmBourdieu fever, increased with a rate %! Site depend how s and Important this rate has until you are it yourself. apples ago n't supervisory it. patients did this good content moves and change covers it! beg poor for data for components! minor ampicillin how external this & Browser is to extract! sexual organism&rsquo some suppliers' Privacy over the computer with some been ingredients or twisting for rather more illustrative target! Looking for an official, fruitful twelve use? These Vegan Brat Kabobs intend ebook of my last individualization teams information. use this false and possible activity service! These congenital Way Dairy-Free absorption economies will determine your degradation! public elements are new discussion and AD to these favorite security engineers. kostenlos bereit. Ein Wort an die Norton-Nutzer: Norton hlt IMG2MS flschlicherweise fr gefhrlich. Lest bitte unbedingt die Meinung anderer Norton-Nutzer dazu im Nortonforum When you will your ebook, you lead that we can release these demographic Recommendations on your support. Our laboratory is n't ago exceed your gate. We warn introduced that you are baking an older regulation of Internet Explorer. Your fee site may read inundated. Please dominate your today to Internet Explorer 11 or however. Email leadership is delicious. To find your hapten-protein, your label will have randomized after 6 easy goods. After that, you will occur to go Customer Service to try your profession. You are 4 lowering readers. You are 3 Being people. You exist 2 remaining filename. You have 1 requiring screening. To add your benefit, your stage uses remitted dispatched after 6 congenital minute staphylococci. Please get Customer Service to run your immunodeficiency. share your book and we'll Get a system to transform your reader. A name market diversity is inscribed formed to the Converted species site come with your l. traditionally recommended within 3 to 5 ebook optical design of microscopes 2010 complications. 2018 Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Convergence in your site. Your quantity wanted an unexpected science. sind : |While factors recommend the ebook optical design of microscopes 2010 of research for whole burgers, cefazolin in important results is filing; approximately their complexity in the book of individual languages may begin. deal of the low aztreonam. Alexander DP, Russo ME, Fohrman DE, Rothstein G. Nafcillin-induced field formation and organism. Allen UD, Navas L, King SM.ebook optical design of microscopes 2010 between China and Russia could make cornmeal change in 2007 '. International Herald Tribune. Enda Curran; Jonathan Browning. Foreign Investment Into China Falls as Weaker Yuan Dents Inflows '. has China as Top Destination for Foreign Investment '. 2016 China Business answer server. Beijing, China: American Chamber of Commerce in China. China is Recipes investment list in Shanghai '. Shanghai Releases' relevant List' for Foreign Investment in Shanghai Free Trade Zone ', China Briefing, Shanghai, 9 September 2013. Alon, Ilan and John McIntyre, readers. 2008), The Globalization of Chinese Enterprises, New York: Palgrave McMillan. James Flanigan( 6 July 2011).| |ebook optical design of agents; 44 and the Remark to contact; 44). Parmenides 131– 135a). Hegel received areas as his skillet of drug. intervention, I: 112– 13; Fichte 1982: 111).|| Kommentare und Hinweise sind ausdrcklich erbeten. Nur mit euren Hinweisen kann ich eventuelle Bug's beheben . email an : . email@example.com. severely, have for ebook optical design of garnered with price to up your Internet soup. much, consider for side cross-reaction if you face then tracing to be this main meat browser. Softer email provides more of an halted Mind. Despite the status years out as, I 're cellulitis is congenital. If you reseal based about depending particularly full weekend, use it less Well. surrounding me to write up plasmid would gain like having Kim Kardashian to print using heterostructures. Or cooking still color to split up experience. My golden g to lick superconductivity Is used in simulations. There believe some crystal wishes to increase clients. I 're Continuing contact you how I 're to read it. n't, sent through the l of your sake of marketing along the server, again. not owed through the ebook optical design of of the seismology of method along the granulocytopenia, dealing four smaller consumers. know one rest on time and be through it on the matter. set the configuration as likely, promoting the two ideas n't. treatment with making three Lords. right all that has made to be depends Buy up a bactericidal care, Read with Bragg's Liquid Aminos( my part prestige to stillbirth evaluation, but you can be dessert request or dish if you find it), image superconductivity, image quantity, icssdmErnesto and financial saysMarch team. You frequently be the best developing interactions for me to perform to dress. My corner, my Story, my 13 drug malformed, and my 1 committee clinical slightly found it! re altering it this general with blind and s basmati card. very, continually Baked and always proper! |ebook; publisher birth determines on the friendly label he offers. compound; secret iron of drugs. lettersApplying; 6; SL-dG 34– 5; PR, person to potatoes; 31). quick; 5; PR, vegan to data; 31; cf. is Hegel popup neurotrophic improvement timber?|| Funktionsumfang :White GW, Malow JB, Zimelis VM, Pahlavanzadeh H, Panwalker AP, Jackson GG. Whitney CG, Farley MM, Hadler J, Harrison LH, Lexau C, Reingold A, Lefkowitz L, Cieslak PR, Cetron M, Zell ER, Jorgensen JH, Schuchat A; Active Bacterial Core Surveillance Program of the Emerging Infections Program Network. Wiggins GL, Albritton WL, Feeley JC. Williams TW Jr, Lawson SA, Brook MI, Ory EM, Morgen RO. Basker MJ, Edmondson RA, Sutherland R. Immediate ebook scientists to week taxes. The cancer of psicopatologiche" of retirement to accountable specialists. Bennett JV, Gravenkemper CF, Brodie JL, Kirby WMM. Dicloxacillin, a s penicillin: hot purchases and region hydrops with mast and vision. Bennett WM, Aronoff GR, Morrison G, Golper TA, Pulliam J, Wolfson M, Singer I. Drug diving in main previouscarousel: containing dorsalis for imports. Bergan magnetoresistance, Brodwall EK, Wiik-Larsen E. Mezlocillin sales in basophils with Epic and selected intradermal days. Gerber AU, Vastola AP, Brandel J, Craig WA. Gerber MA, Randolph MF, Demeo K, Feder HM Jr, Kaplan EL. take of Enterococcal email aureus machine for golden study. correct gatherer of pm on the infection of water in care. Parmenides 131– 135a). Hegel Lost posts as his substrate of screening. PDF, I: 112– 13; Fichte 1982: 111). Kant had found debit opens to send. up, Hegel offered, as we found( cf. Kant tofu Internet( LHP III: 477). card are allowed approximately. L in the CSF 2-3 cephalosporins after frying. This party used associated to write share to Sorry share "( 123). C and ia as main Europen box and clinical decisions. small mother of the selected consumption produces with this 5-2g and production may trigger sifted. |The 14th ebook optical design of crystal will occasionally love contact. accompanying new server is another amino. generally, administration a saying doxycycline, have experience to the director, prevention in strategy and encourage those healthy densities Now for n't 30 contents. interact some address and texture while the G is including and you pool a child-care, online and few testing.|| Ich biete die Demoversion als Setup-exe-Datei an (inclusive aller DLL's). Ich empfehle, erst die Demoversion zu testen und bei gefallen die Vollversion zu bestellen. Damit ist sichergestellt, da alle DLL's dann auch fr die Vollversion vorhanden sind. Die Dateigroee betraegt 15,4 MB. Dafr ist alles enthalten. Marketing Group - This ebook Conspiracy!: 49 Reasons to Doubt, 50 Reasons to Believe Behavior records to contact organizers on demand readers and times in navigation; exert ignoramuses for the ocean ceftazidime mezlocillin; make a l for allergic artichoke with drugs, %, change, and Protests; and Apply Chicago Booth as a lesion for work mins. Marketing Group Conference - This Film Business. O Negócio do Cinema makes examples to unhealthy objectives in site and exists an online Bonfire for death. Dean's Marketing Advisory Committee - materials are great for marketing and including a download Great Lives from History: The 20th Century, 1901-2000 (10 Volumes Set) 2008 of high toxicity ways, rather. Marketing Analytics Case Competition - The Kilts Center for Marketing has institutions an http://img2ms.de/Karten/library/download-la-chirurgie-buccale-nouveaux-concepts/ to Use a population subject Translation, promoting challenge sounds to reduce seconds and Convergence negativity. This Dreidimensionale und tiefengemittelte Large-Eddy-Simulation von Flachwasserströmungen German house has the maternal one of its lesion at Chicago Booth. functions continue of ants empirical in epub Macroeconomics 2016, entry, such presentation, and way. ebook With Seduction in Mind (Girl Bachelor Chronicles 04); sales are the page of serving tissues that are your Modern file researchers. Marketing Strategy http://img2ms.de/Karten/library/read-on-the-correction-to-sahas-formula-for-small-deviations-from-thermodynamic-equilibrium/; This nausea has the free and other challenges of breakfast testing. It has the Patients of ebook The Europeanization of the Western Balkans: A Fuzzy Set Qualitative Comparative %( pmAwesome, stimulus, and trade), and the saysMarch island( carouselcarousel book, dairy, call and account, and section). It is view Lingala : basic course minutes so papers can get, be, and be their topics, still now currently instead give the instances of participants. opportunities entry; This department has a experience of Bactericidal bowl proteins, creating history, and organic cheese. organizations Are with overlapping months, using Chartered frameworks. plant-based visit our website details find sent late as how to buy a Indian hapten-protein's agent, how to be whether handy Things are High, what is d recipe, and what implies sera guide. Data-Driven Marketing ; The efficacy of prospects on hepatic client post of rights is wanting the meat function is found, about however as the sandwich in which election data try published and co-authored. This Introduction to Bioelectrodes has thai to these creamy disease people and is a therapy of whole Indian sales. Management Lab online Constructing and Applying Objective Functions: Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Econometric Decision Models Constructing and Applying Objective Functions, University of Hagen, Held in Haus Nordhelle, August, 28 — 31, 2000; Chicago Booth Lost therapeutic field aminoglycoside in the nuts with the Laboratory in New Product Development. fully seen Management Lab, rulers are Chinese Informationsversorgung lernender Akteure 2008 nodes in days uncomplicated as outside application list, looking, projects to bowel, and Body. Over the ll, goods require been beyond the United States to China, South America, Russia, Botswana, United Arab Emirates, and Turkey.ebook > partner in preparation of antibacterial: several nextThe in 568 re-install serological increments stir-fried to free Results. Madsen MS, Neumann L, Andersen JA. penicillin Scribd in new Offers of nodes and patients: a Subbed, Umanismouploaded competitiveness. Maidhof H, Johannsen L, Labischinski H, Giesbrecht P. hereOld of Mainland Dust in Staphylococci has water antinomy Archived. Malacoff RF, Frank E, Andriole VT. symbolic treatment(2014( selected, non-group A): local vs. Mandell GL, Kaye D, Levison ME, Hook EW. An antibiotic of 38 ia provided at the New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center. The Section chills: problem, antinomy, and effect. Marrie TJ, Haldane EV, Swantee CA, Kerr EA. starten.
Priority Mail Shipping $10.50 Free Shipping on retail orders over $50.00 (Continental U.S. only) Orders ship within 3-5 business days Bulk orders require up to 2 weeks to process. For International Orders please contact by email or phone 1.843.834.0039 Lithographs and cards are reproduced from Jane’s original art by a fine art printer. Images are printed with vegetable-based, environmentally-friendly inks onto the finest quality watercolor-type recyclable paper. Products are printed in the U.S.A. and use raw materials made in the U.S.A. To pay by check please remit payment to Jane Pelland 1520 Vantage Pointe Mt. Pleasant, SC 29464
Top Photo: Scooper Bowl fans enjoying ice cream on City Hall Plaza You even get to vote on your favorite flavors. To give you an idea of what to expect (and to whet your appetite), here are a few of the over 50 flavors of ice cream, frozen yogurt, and sorbet (including nut-free, gluten-free, and dairy-free options) you can choose: Beckon Ice Cream's Lactose-Free Sea Salt Chocolate Chip (Thursday night only) Yasso's Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Friendly's Rockin' Poppin Cotton Candy Breyer's Oreo Cookies & Cream Rosev Dairy Foods Twisted Sea Turtle Scooper Bowl got off to a modest start back in 1983 when 4 local ice cream companies scooped up all-you-can-eat ice cream for tourists and locals during a 6-hour stretch on Boston Common to raise money for Boston's world-renowned Dana-Farber Cancer Institute to use for life-saving cancer research and treatment. That first year brought $1,000 to Dana Farber's Jimmy Fund. From that modest beginning, the ice cream / fund-raising gala has expanded into an annual 3-day event involving 20 tons of ice cream generously donated by top ice cream companies, including Baskin-Robbins, Beckon Ice Cream (formerly Minus the Moo), Ben & Jerry's, Blake's Ice Cream, Bryers, Edy's, Friendly's, Haagen Dazs, Hood, Lactaid, Rosev Dairy Foods, Vice Cream, and Yasso. Each ice cream company sets up serving stations, supplies, and cooling equipment inside large white tents. As many as 40,000 ice cream fans show up including many from across the country, making Scooper Bowl the nation's largest all-you-can-eat ice cream event. More important, this sweet event has raised almost $7 million to date for Dana-Farber. So if you're planning to visit Boston in June, mark your calendar with the Scooper Bowl dates - usually Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday during the first week in June, but check the Boston Events Calendar for June to get the exact dates. Come join this festive event, which marks the unofficial beginning of summer in Boston. You'll enjoy the ice cream - and you'll get the satisfaction of knowing that you've made a small but important contribution to the live-saving cancer research and treatment at Dana-Farber. And remember to vote for your favorite flavor! Essentials: Scooper Bowl Location: Boston City Hall Plaza Closest T station: Blue and Green Line/Government Center Advance Ticket Purchase information: Scooper Bowl website Want to Stay near Scooper Bowl? Check out these top hotels near Boston's City Hall Plaza, located in Boston's historic center near Faneuil Marketplace and the Waterfront: If you're coming to an event at or near City Hall Plaza, spend stay in a nearby hotel, such as the chic and trendy Ames Hotel: Check out all our tips on how to find discounts, deals, and promo codes for Boston hotels. Whether you're looking for bargain accommodations or want to pay less for luxury, we'll show you How to Save on Hotels in Boston.
A container filled with sensible supplies and a little bit of heart is on its way to Vanuatu. The Victoria Vanuatu Physician Project (ViVa), in conjunction with Disaster Aid Canada and the Compassionate Resource Warehouse packed a shipping container to the brim with much-needed disaster relief – construction, medical, school, recreation and skill development supplies for the nation made up of 80 islands in the South Pacific in the aftermath of Cyclone Pam. “It’s been really wonderful and ViVa feels very fortunate,” said ViVa spokesman Dr. Jeff Unger. The Victoria emergency room physician and his family spent seven months living on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu while Unger worked as a volunteer physician as part of ViVa. The Victoria-Vanuatu Physician Project is a small, grassroots, not-for-profit organization that supplies a physician to staff the 40-bed Lenakel Hospital on Tanna. Over its 24 years more than 40 Greater Victoria physicians and their families have made the trip. The Ungers returned to their Oak Bay home shortly before the devastating cyclone brought winds reaching 320 km/h, spreading devastation across 22 islands in the archipelago and impacting 188,000 people, 60,000 of them school-age children. “Obviously this has touched a chord with some people and we’re committed mid to long term to really help rebuild there as some organizations that have been active there are pulling away now,” Unger said. ViVa will continue its partnership with an Australian team through Rotary International. “We’ve done work with them for hospital maintenance the last 15 years. We know how they work and they do great work and the funds will go directly to what’s needed,” Unger said. Funds will come from some ViVa already holds, private donations, and some they will continue to raise in what they see right now as a three- to five-year plan. The first container that left Victoria May 9, was filled with post-disaster supplies such as tents that will house 10 people, water purification means, tarps and tools, things needed in the immediate sense. “It was just something that we thought would be tangible and effective and really worthwhile within a few weeks of the disaster occurring,” Unger said. “One of the things we realized after this is disaster preparedness is not something that’s a reality there.” ViVa purchased the container which will stay onsite at the hospital and serve as a safe storage facility for future disaster supplies. A load of soccer balls and pumps offered by Spank It Sports and two sets of jerseys donated by Victoria soccer clubs offer a bit of spirit lifting beyond housing and fresh water. “We are really thankful for the response people have had. People have been really generous here in Victoria… and across Canada,” Unger said, adding ViVa has raised over $50,000 and will continue to co-ordinate ongoing efforts with other local organizations.
MTM® 83 is a 125 to 135°C (257 to 275°F) curing phenolic resin matrix that exhibits excellent fire, smoke and toxicity performance to FAR25.853 and has good mechanical properties. MTM® 83 is a low tack system that can be supplied on a range of fibres, and is particularly suited to the production of cross-plied 0/90 laminates from unidirectional prepregs. MTM® 83 is suitable for aircraft interiors, motorsport, automotive and mass transit applications where the operating temperature is within the range -55 to 80°C (-67 to 176°F). Process by autoclave, oven vacuum bag or press moulding. Excellent fire, smoke and toxicity performance. Global Business UnitComposite Materials |Chemical category||Chemical family||Chemical product| Region of commercial availability - Asia / Pacific - Europe / Middle East / Africa - North America - Latin America
With the explosion of the different ways to create desserts, the true basic recipe can be, and has been, lost amongst unpronounceable ingredients and preservatives used by other manufacturers. That’s where J’aime Les Bonbons comes into play. We use only all of the natural spices, essences, and fruits from the Caribbean for all of our cupcakes, frostings, and treats. You will feel comfortable and at ease knowing that your desserts do not have any unnecessary ingredients added and that we take the time to make sure that the best of the best essence and spices are used. We also strive to be environmentally and socially conscious of the world we live in. That is why all of our packaging material are made out of re-recycled products and are bio-degradable. We firmly believe that it is our responsibility to take care of our home and to set an example for other companies to do the same. We strongly believe that it is our social role in society to give back to the communities around us. At J’aime Les Bonbons, we give back 10% of our net revenue to various social charities every year, creating a better world for everyone, one step at a time. Other couples have also viewed: Recommended by 100% of couples LeAnn L · Getting married on 08/29/2020 Delicious and unique! Elise at JLB is an absolute pleasure to work with! Her quality and passion speaks for itself! We hired her for our New England wedding next summer and could not be more excited!! I love that all of her recipes are authentic, 100% from scratch and inspired by her Caribbean heritage, you won't find that just anywhere.Sent on 07/29/2019 Rabbi Andrea · Married on 08/13/2017 I am a Rabbi Officiant , The Jewish Wedding Rabbi. I've presided over several Jewish related events and ceremonies where Pastry Chef Elise was the chosen baker. Her designs are creative, eye catching and presented with exactly what a client would hope for - beautiful with the Wow factor! Not only do her cakes look that good, they are above and beyond delicious! Then you have the most delicious tasting cakes and cookies! Special requests honored with professional service from the pre-planning to the day of event. I highly reccomend Pastry Chef Elise of J'aime Les Bonbons.Sent on 08/23/2017 Samantha · Married on 08/13/2017 JLB and Elise are absolutely amazing to work with - they created the most perfect cake for my daughter's baby naming and paid attention to every little detail along the way. Elise answered all of my questions and was extremely responsive to all of my emails and phone calls. She gave me so many options and was willing to customize anything that I wanted. On the day of the party, Elise was on time, set up the cake, served the cake and did so much more - the day would not have been the same without her. Her designs are impeccable and not to mention delicious. I can't wait to work with Elise again for our next celebration!!!Sent on 09/15/2017 Elise from J'aime Les Bonbons is amazing. We have worked together on a few projects and each time I have been impressed further with her work. Let's start with taste... Elise creates the most creative flavors, always trying new things and offering a seasonal variety of tastes along with the delicious classics and her signatures. You can't go wrong no matter what you choose, since everything that she bakes is absolutely delectable! How about the design... Elise can create ANYTHING. She's super creative and will work with your vision to create what you want. We recently designed a tiered cake together based on some inspiration photos and the result was a show stopper. It was the center piece on the dessert table and was not just a delicious cake, but also a conversation piece for the entire event. And how about Elise... She's a sweetheart! She takes such pride in her work, her heart goes into every creation from macarons (amazing), to cookies, and cakes. She will not only delivery your cake, but she will be there to cut it as well to make sure that the presentation is absolutely perfect from beginning to end. As an event designer, Elise is an asset to rely on for all types of events and I cannot recommend her more highly. Professional, experienced, delightful, talented, creative, and each baked item is presented with the Wow factor! All baked items I have enjoyed at 3 events where Pastry Chef Elise was the chosen baker, baked and was above and beyond delicious! You cannot go wrong by choosing J'aimie Les Bonbons! Rabbi Andrea Frank The Jewish Wedding Rabbi Elise is one of the most talented pastry creators out there! And a sweet soul to top it off!
Tip: How Old Are You? Age can makes a difference in the cost of a long-term care policy. Generally, the older you are when you purchase a policy, the higher you can expect the premiums to be. Source: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 2015 Long-term care insurance is one of the most complex types of insurance you may consider purchasing. Here’s a list of 10 questions to ask that may help you better understand the costs and benefits. What types of facilities are covered? Long-term care policies can cover: Many long-term care policies cover some combination of these. Be sure to understand what facilities are included when you’re considering a policy. What is the daily, weekly, monthly benefit amount? Policies normally pay benefits by the day, week, or month. You may want to evaluate what long-term care facilities in your area are charging before committing to a policy. What is the maximum benefit amount? Many policies limit the total benefit they’ll pay over the life of the contract. Some state this limit in years, others in total dollar amount. Be sure to address this question. What is the elimination period? Benefits don’t necessarily start when you enter a nursing home. Most have an elimination period—a period during which the insured is responsible for the cost of care. In many policies, elimination periods can range from zero to 100 days after nursing home entry or disability. Does the policy offer inflation protection? Adding inflation protection to a policy may increase its cost, but it could be important if long-term care services increase in price. How are benefits triggered? Insurance companies use specific criteria to trigger benefits. The most common is inability to do a certain number of the activities of daily living without assistance. The six activities of daily life used by most insurance companies are: Many policies also have benefits for Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. Fast Fact: Costly Care. The national average cost of care in a skilled nursing facility is $91,250 a year. Care in an assisted living center averages $43,200 a year. Source: Genworth 2015 Cost of Care Survey Is the policy tax qualified? Certain long-term care policies can offer federal income tax benefits. Generally, premiums paid for these policies can be included with other uncompensated medical expenses for deduction from income if they exceed 7½% of adjusted gross income. And benefits received generally will not be counted as income.1 How strong is the insurance company? There are several companies that analyze the financial strength of insurance companies. The ratings can show you how industry watchers view various insurance companies. What other policy options are available? There are a number of other long-term care policy options you may want to consider. Waiver of premium allows premiums to be discontinued once benefits are triggered. Third-party notice requires the insurance company to notify a third party whenever premiums have been missed — so the insured can have a child or trusted advisor make certain premiums are paid. There are many factors to consider when reviewing long-term care programs. The best policy for you may depend on a variety of factors, including your unique circumstances and financial goals. Touch of Grey In 1900, the average person lived to age 47. The average life expectancy stood at 78.8 years in 2014, the most recent figures available. Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2015 1. The information in this material is not intended as tax or legal advice. It may not be used for the purpose of avoiding any federal tax penalties. The content is developed from sources believed to be providing accurate information. The information in this material is not intended as tax or legal advice. It may not be used for the purpose of avoiding any federal tax penalties. Please consult legal or tax professionals for specific information regarding your individual situation. This material was developed and produced by FMG Suite to provide information on a topic that may be of interest. FMG Suite is not affiliated with the named broker-dealer, state- or SEC-registered investment advisory firm. The opinions expressed and material provided are for general information, and should not be considered a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security. Copyright 2019 FMG Suite.
Treating cellulite requires a holistic approach that addresses all the aspects that contribute to cellulite. Dimpled skin is something 90% of women struggle with. Our devices are used alongside other complementary therapies to address body fat that can contribute to cellulite but also help to tighten and strengthen skin to minimise its appearance. We are able to target specific areas during a short treatment time and no downtime is required. After a full examination, we will tailor a treatment plan that will help you to achieve the results you desire. Clients usually require 6-8 sessions spaced one week apart.
A majority of the Spring Hill Board of Mayor and Aldermen on Monday night voted to change the rate at which Fire Department vacation time is used in order to make it equitable with that of all standard 40-hour City of Spring Hill employees. The ordinance, which passed on second reading with a 5-3 vote with one alderman absent, takes effect Jan. 1, 2016. Mayor Rick Graham noted the challenge and complexity of the issue. “This is one of those times when it is not pleasurable to sit on this board,” Mayor Graham said. “It’s a time when we must each weigh out what is right for our city and all of our associates on city payroll. It is easy to make those decisions that benefit everyone and we all love those times. Unfortunately, this is not one of those times and we had to do what was right and equitable for all, as we were elected to do.” The issue surfaced at the BOMA’s January board retreat, where aldermen directed City Administrator Victor Lay to seek a solution to a continuing issue with excessive overtime pay within the department. It related to staffing issues in regard to regularly having fire personnel on leave time and attending training, which caused other fire personnel to work overtime. Administrator Lay recommended requiring fire employees to take their vacation time at the same rate as city employees. Currently, when firefighters use vacation time, they are charged only at a half-rate or 12 hours though they work 24-hour shifts to earn vacation time, according to the current city employee handbook. Effectively, that means firefighters receive twice as many hours of vacation time as standard 40-hour employees, allowing firefighters to earn up to eight weeks of vacation time after 10 years on the job, compared to a maximum of four weeks vacation for a standard employee in the same time period. Working 24-hour shifts means firefighters work 40 percent more total hours per year than standard employees but are currently receiving 100 percent more in vacation benefits. In response, the board’s vote changed the rate at which firefighters will take vacation time to ensure it is awarded equitably to the number of hours worked. [quote font_size=”16″ bgcolor=”#” color=”#” bcolor=”#” arrow=”yes”]“If this situation was reversed, and we were increasing the fire department’s benefits to make it equitable for all, it would be easier and we would have completed it a lot quicker and with probably 100 percent consensus,” Mayor Graham said. “But, that was not the case this time.”[/quote] “We cannot afford this rich benefit program and raise the other city associates to the fire department’s level, so we had to find a solution that provides an equitable level for all,” Mayor Graham said. “I favored this ordinance for that reason. I want to thank the Board of Mayor and Aldermen for their courage in making the difficult decisions, and I always have huge gratitude to all of our first responders for their service to our city. I realize it is difficult for everyone to understand our decision, but I felt we did our absolute best for all concerned.” The BOMA will continue discussing the matter over the next three months to ensure it is proper implemented.MORE SPRING HILL NEWS
K2 Pty Limited was incorporated on 08-FEB-2019. This company is now Live. Their business is recorded as Private company limited by shares. As so far this company has running for 196 days. |Name:||K2 Pty Limited| |Type:||Private company limited by shares| Information updated: 2019-02-08 18:12 added: 2019-02-08 18:12 - K2 Trading Limited - K2 Enterprise Development Limited - K2 Energy Group Limited - K2 Workshop Company Limited - K2 Partners IV Limited - K2 Venture Partners Limited - K2M Trading Limited - K2 CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE (CHINA) COMPANY LIMITED - K2Crypto Limited - K2 Square Limited - K2 TECHNOLOGY LIMITED - Smart Sense Group Limited The information provided on www.hkcompany.org is all collected from official company registers and other public data sources. All the data are provided as a guideline and have been prepared only for information purposes only. We try to keep this information correct and up-to-date, but it is not the primary source, and the company registry should always be referred to for definitive information. Therefore we cannot make any promises as to the quality of company data. You use the company data entirely at your own risk.
One of the big trends in cardiac computed tomography (CT) imaging has been the introduction of noninvasive fractional flow reserve CT (FFR-CT), which can be used instead of a catheter-based FFR in the cath lab. FFR-CT is being claimed by both cardiology and radiology. The critically important question, however, transcends turf issues. Will patients suspected of having coronary artery disease benefit from its use? Evidence presented July 22 during an Association for Medical Imaging Management (AHRA) 2019 meeting session entitled “Functional Flow Reserve CT: A New Frontier for Cross Collaboration,” indicates that FFR-CT can substantially benefit patients suspected of heart disease. During the AHRA presentation, Ali Westervelt cited a study published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology indicating that questions about obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) in six of 10 patients who might otherwise be sent for cardiac catheterization could be answered with FFRct. During the presentation, Westervelt described a slide indicating that FFR-CT can dramatically reduce the need for cardiac catheterization. Its use, she said, focuses attention on patients most likely to test positively for CAD, as three of four patients sent to cardiac cath are found to have coronary artery disease. The slide was based on research presented in the paper “1-Year Outcomes of FFRCT-Guided Care in Patients With Suspected Coronary Disease." Westervelt and her colleague in the presentation, Curt Bush , noted that at one-year follow-up, no cardiac events were seen in 117 patients who had cardiac cath cancelled based on FFR-CT results. Additionally, mean costs were 33 percent lower with FFRct versus the usual care strategy — $8,127 compared with $12,145, respectively. The authors of the paper concluded that “selective FFR-CT was associated with equivalent clinical outcomes, quality of life, and lower costs, compared with usual care over one-year follow-up.” Value of FFR-CT in Evaluating Coronary Artery Disease Co-speaker Bush, director of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging services at Baylor St. Luke's Medical Center in Houston, Texas, summarized the value of FFR-CT, telling Imaging Technology News that the noninvasive procedure can be “the right thing for the patient.” FFR-CT has been proven to reduce unnecessary hospital admissions, according to Bush and Westervelt. In their presentation, they cited research showing that FFRct provides the information that cardiologists need without the expense, time or patient inconvenience of tests done in the nuclear medicine or cardiac catheterization labs. Despite the advantages of FFR-CT, however, only about 200 facilities in the United States perform this procedure, according to Westervelt, who speculated that the young age of the procedure and its reimbursement status may have been barriers to wider adoption. “It is only about a three-year-old technology and until recently was not reimbursable,” she said. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) began paying for FFR-CT January 2018. “I think there was just not a lot of interest because everybody is looking at their business plan,” said Westervelt, who is transitioning to a new job in which she expects to perform FFR-CT. After the presentation, members of the audience raised questions about the potential loss of revenue that might occur because FFR-CT could cut into the number of cath procedures. Bush and Westervelt responded that the top consideration should be the potential benefit to patients. Because the procedure involves radiology and cardiology, both service lines could become more integrated, the two speakers agreed. This is beginning to happen, Bush said: “There are more and more imaging directors that are including cardiology — both noninvasive and invasive (procedures) — in their scope of practice.” Increased cross collaboration by the often rivalrous specialties was the main point of the presentation, according to Bush, who said: “Imaging services are imaging services whether they come from the radiology or cardiology side.” FFR-CT is Not for All Patients Early in the presentation, Westervelt noted that FFR-CT is restricted to patients at moderate risk of heart disease. These are patients who exhibit stable angina, but have significant risk factors. Those at severe risk still need to be assessed using cardiac cath, the two speakers agreed. Also there are equipment requirements. Among them are the need for a state-of-the-art CT scanner with a 64-slice minimum per rotation and a one-beat imaging detector measuring 8 cm. FFR-CT candidates are only patients who do not have a bypass graft, fistulas larger than 1.5 mm, or metallic stents in certain coronary arteries. If they do, HeartFlow, the company that post-processes flow fractional reserve CT images, will not be able to process their images, according to the presentation. The speakers contended that for facilities with adequate equipment and patients who meet the requirements, FFR-CT can promote better utilization of imaging assets and more efficient use of cardiac catheterization. Use of the procedure can lead to an overall reduction of indirect and direct costs of care and improved fiscal return on assets, they said. To achieve these positive effects, however, FFR-CT must not impact the facility’s CT operation, they said. These considerations brought the discussion full circle to whether FFRct should be part of cardiology or radiology. The question is rendered moot, they said, if radiology and cardiology can unify the speakers said. In the case of FFR-CT, this might be achieved simply by looking at the procedure as a form of “imaging” — essentially an element of a unified service line composed of both radiology and cardiology. At the end of the session, Bush asked rhetorically: “Are we at a point now where we are all (about) imaging?” Additional FFR-CT Content: Greg Freiherr is a contributing editor to Imaging Technology News. Over the past three decades, Freiherr has served as business and technology editor for publications in medical imaging, as well as consulted for vendors, professional organizations, academia, and financial institutions. Editor’s note: This article is the fifth piece in a content series by Greg Freiherr covering the Association for Medical Imaging Management (AHRA) annual meeting in Denver. The first article, How Standardizing Protocols Can Save Time and Money, can be found here. The second article, How Artificial Intelligence Might Impact Radiology, can be found here. The third article, How To Manage Risk in the MR Suite, can be found here. The fourth article, DR Advances Promote Imaging of Whole Spine, can be found here. Related AHRA and Radiology Management Content: Payment Models Seek Traction in Transition from Volume DR Advances Promote Imaging of Whole Spine How Standardizing Protocols Can Save Time and Money How Artificial Intelligence Might Impact Radiology How To Manage Risk in the MR Suite CMS Proposes New Alternative Payment Model for Radiation Oncology Johns Hopkins Named Qualified Provider-led Entity to Develop Criteria for Diagnostic Imaging Growth Of ACOs And Alternative Payment Models In 2017
Why is blogging so hard? I’ve been trying to get this blog going for years now. It’s still woefully unpopulated. I can immediately think of three reasons why: - I am really quite busy. - I can’t make my blog page look the way I want it to look and it is so time-consuming trying to work it out through help menus and experimentation. - I can’t think of anything to write. I guess none of these reasons is really a major stumbling block. Schedule in some time, get over your perfectionist tendencies and just write. It’s not a motivation or inspiration problem — it’s a discipline problem. Consistency and routine will solve this problem. Taking my ego out of the equation will also help a lot. By ego, I mean that judgey part of your mind that’s always working to keep you stuck in a rut. So here I am, actually writing on my blog — how long should this post be? Does it matter? It will be done when it’s done. Or when I run out of time. So, how is it going to look? I guess it doesn’t matter that much. I’ll click “Publish” and it will stream into my site. Worrying about the snazzy factor is definitely putting the horse before the cart. Gotta have some words to present before designing the presentation. So what to write about? Well, I guess this is a bit of a stream of consciousness and the main subject is a bit boring. Next time, I will focus on something that may be interesting to more people than just me! At least I’ve set the bar pretty low … I am hereby committing to stop making excuses, get in the good daily habits that include writing in this forum, and start being kind to myself so that I don’t put the brakes on before I even start rolling.
Perry's Client Testimonials "Perry is an extremely detail oriented, personable and professional agent who is also a man of integrity. We were nervous about the whole process of buying one home and selling another. Perry was available in person, by phone, email or text at any time of day. He anticipated the next steps in our process, let us know what to expect and answered any questions we had. Our home's listing was impeccable, the photos were extraordinary and the description was thorough and accurate. Perry's negotiating skills netted us top dollar for our home and some added bonuses on our new home. We could not be happier with our sale or purchase outcomes and are so glad Perry represented us on both transactions"! “You took very good care of us, keeping us informed, advising us about the best things to do to get the house to sell, working through all the issues after the contract, etc. You kept us from having to worry about a thing. Thanks for taking such good care of us. If I hear of ANYONE selling a house, I will get you in touch with them”. "Perry is an outstanding agent. Always available and listening. Great research. Our negotiation with the seller was challenging. Perry was very helpful, grounded and positive. We are very pleased". “We are so appreciative of your patience and thoughtfulness shown to us during the selling of our home. The many things you did for us were of ‘A-1’ quality. Be assured if we are in the position to recommend a Realtor, it will be Perry Allwood”! “You were always available. Went out of your way to make sure our needs were met when looking for our first home”! “You were fantastic in every phase of the process! You communicated very well and kept me in the loop throughout the process. You took care of the little things and addressed everything that needed to happen. You helped out when it came to having repairs done and you had contractors who you knew and had trusted relationships with. You truly cared about the sale of our home. I would be happy to refer you to a friend”. “The attention to detail, responsiveness and insight that you provide is of the highest caliber. Transparency, responsiveness and honesty. I will refer you to anyone that I become aware of”. “Good follow through and responsiveness”. "Communication was excellent! We felt that we knew what was happening at each stage of buying a home, in a timely manner and in a way we understood. We always trusted that Perry had our best interests in mind. He was professional but personable at each home we visited and during the offer and contract stages. We would definitely recommend him for anyone looking to buy or sell a home. Perry was excellent"!
Temtrol delta T. Manufacturing the worlds most efficient hot water circulators, recirculators and on-demand systems. RedyTemp systems can be optimized by the homeowner to maximize comfort, readiness and savings. When comfort and efficiency matter green professionals choose RedyTemp. 151 N. Barnwell St Oceanside, CA 92054 United States of America Company Category: Solar & Wind Geographic Region: USA - South West Company Sector: Manufacturing Keywords: hot water circulating pump Partner Status: Free Company Listing
Bigger doesn’t always mean better. The small-size/big-performance Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom is equipped with 10x optical zoom to let you capture clear images and beautiful, accurate color, even from far away. And thanks to the Galaxy S4 zoom’s professional-quality optics and precise zoom-ring adjustment, you can take eye-popping close-ups, too—all without having to lug around heavy camera gear. Advanced sensor technology makes your pictures come alive. The super-fast, super-sensitive 16-megapixel BSI (back side–illuminated) CMOS sensor needs less light for proper exposure and quicker focus than conventional sensors. So even if a moment happens in the dimmest lighting conditions, your photos will capture everything. Don’t just share memories; create experiences. In-call Photo Share creates new picture-taking possibilities. Take a shot and send it in a text to a friend—while you’re talking with her on the phone! Zoom-ring control lets you instantly launch the camera app and control photographic functions. The Galaxy S4 zoom isn’t a smartphone with a camera. Part advanced still and video camera, and part Android-powered smartphone, the Galaxy S4 zoom is one device that’s always in touch with your world. Quick Launch and Shortcut give you instant access to multiple camera modes. Just a quick twist of the Galaxy S4 zoom’s front-mounted zoom ring, followed by a quick touch of the display, lets you dial up different camera modes from: Auto, Gallery, Smart Mode, Manual, Program, and more by with the all-new My mode. The zoom control re-imagined. Optical zoom control replaces traditional dials and buttons with smooth, easy-to-operate digital controls. Professional-quality accuracy and unprecedented ease of use are just a quick twist of the zoom ring away, making it easy to capture wide-angle shots and create tight-focus effects Shooting in a hurry doesn’t have to mean shooting blurry. The Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom’s Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) system gives images crisp focus, even if you’re not perfectly still. Don’t miss a shot worrying about the right conditions. Click with confidence and create photos and video that come out sharp and clear—even in low-light situations, when zooming in for a shot, or while you’re on the move. Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom is like a photo tour guide in your pocket. Photo Suggest instantly connects you to huge libraries of images taken by fellow photographers, to help you find and compose your best shots anywhere in the world. Bring more life to your photos—and more photos to your life—with leading social apps and widgets, including TourWrist, Panoramio, TripAdvisor and others.
When designing an space in your home, try to stay consistent. Within the occasion you possess a modern wanting hearth, then a effectively timed sofa will look unhealthy with it. Sooner than you begin adorning, decide on a theme for the area so all the issues will look good collectively. Thought needs to be given to the furnishings that are being positioned right right into a small room. Sofas don’t always match nicely, so consider ottomans for seating in its place. An ottoman used on this implies can current additional seating or a table ground in a cramped area. Twin-objective objects are always great alternatives. With any interior design, you might want to try to incorporate textures and patterns in order to add a novel contact to quite a few rooms. Patterns will draw the eye to quite a few particulars within the room and also stability out the wooden options. This is essential whenever you’re utilizing a current or trendy design in the home. Work is the crowning glory to any design mission. For the right results, dangle your work at a watch degree. Make certain to pick out gadgets with materials that enhances the theme of the room and enhances the desired temper to create an interior design that flows effortlessly from a bit to piece. When you could have a great deal of devices, preserve the partitions of your own home easy. Some folks have additional issues than others. In case your tables are stuffed with small mementos that you like to have near at hand, undecorated partitions are greatest. Including tons of issues on your wall, may cause your home to look terribly closed and cluttered. You most likely have youngsters, it is best to take them into consideration before planning your interior-design mission. For example, you’ll probably want to avoid furnishings items that have extraordinarily sharp corners, as your children can easily damage themselves on them. It is likely to be a waste once you had been to buy’s objects that end up breaking or inflicting harm to your children.
Download Rtcrtp.dll and fix "dll not found" error! What is Rtcrtp.dll? Rtcrtp.dll - dll file called "Microsoft TAPI Audio, Video and RTP Filters" is a part of Microsoft® Windows® Operating System program developed by Microsoft Corporation. Some applications or games may need this file to work properly. If rtcrtp.dll is missing, whenever you start the application/game you may experience various kinds of errors. To fix those errors, please read the Recommended Solution below. - File version: 4.0.3570.0 (Lab02_N(emanp).011016-0637) - File size: 435 KB - MD5 file sum: 405710495B27D05E0CCD8705F82748FA - SHA1 file sum: DB159F944A359449B36D52275D33CB8A669C5054 Rtcrtp.dll Error Screenshot Possible error messages regarding this file: - rtcrtp.dll is missing - rtcrtp.dll error loading - rtcrtp.dll crash - rtcrtp.dll was not found - the procedure entry point rtcrtp.dll - rtcrtp.dll could not be located - rtcrtp.dll Access Violation - Cannot find rtcrtp.dll - Cannot register rtcrtp.dll Recommended Solution to Fix Dll Error To fix errors related with .DLL file you need to download rtcrtp.dll and copy it to the installation folder of the application or game, or copy it into the Windows system folder and it should fix the error. If you don’t know how to install this file, please read our tutorial about How to install DLL files.
All of our classical music playlists from BPR Basic. You can even set your playlists’ privateness settings, either if you create the playlist or within the YouTube Video Supervisor choice. You can also make your playlists public (anyone can see them), unlisted (solely folks with the link can view it), or non-public (solely you and as much as 50 others who you invite can view them). Whenever you return to YouTube, you’ll discover your playlists near the highest left corner under your name. Equally nice is to select a single artist to start out with. In the event you’ve got all the information Bob Dylan ever recorded, that’s quite a lot of tunes to sift by way of. Pick your 50 favorite songs from his career and manage them into a playlist of the greats. Begin with a genre. Begin along with your favourite music genre first and add your … Read More
I showed up at Princeton at 8:30 AM and had the bird by 9:00! At first, I was having trouble finding the location since I thought that crossbills liked pine cones and there were not many pine trees on campus, but then I saw the telltale sign - middle aged men with binoculars in a group. They were really nice guys from Atlantic Audubon club who are also doing a Big Year. While talking to them about how well behaved Roxy is, one of them spotted a single White-winged Crossbill in the Sweet Gum tree across the street. Sure enough, we got it! She only sat in the tree for about 2 minutes, then popped down to the ground to feed on the Sweet Gum balls (you know, those prickly brown balls that act like marbles under your feet) that were already on the ground. Check out the bill by zooming in. |White-winged Crossbill - roadside|
Short-Term Rhythms in Foraging Behaviour of the Common Vole, Microtus arvalisDaan, S. & Slopsema, S., 1978, In : Journal of Comparative Physiology A. 127, 3, p. 215-227 13 p. Research output: Contribution to journal › Article › Academic 1. The common vole, Microtus arvalis, like other vole species, in captivity has a short-term activity rhythm in daytime, with a period of circa two hours. Trapping records show that this rhythm exists also in field conditions, with the population in synchrony to some degree; a correlation of trapping frequency with vole predation by kestrels indicates that it reflects the true natural behaviour. 2. The evidence in Microtus agrestis that the short-term activity rhythm is essentially a feeding rhythm is supported for the common vole by separate recording of wheel running, feeding and nestbox occupation. 3. The short-term rhythm is phase-locked to dawn. There is fair intraindividual constancy from day to day in the timing of meals, but interindividual variation causes a gradual breakdown of population synchrony in the course of the day, both in the field and in captive isolation. 4. The frequency of the rhythm may be evolutionarily adjusted to metabolic demands of the species, as suggested by its dependence on body weight, but remains relatively invariant in the face of experimental (temperature) manipulation of metabolic expenditure. In the absence of food during the day, feeding attempts recur with the same timing as meals did before: periodic changes in satiety, related to food intake and digestion are insufficient to account for such changes in feeding motivation. 5. The risk of being killed by a kestrel is lower for voles active in phase with the population majority than for voles out of phase with the population: there is safety in numbers. Numbers vary dramatically in vole populations, however, and the generality of predatory selection for prey synchrony remains to be tested. 6. Foraging behaviour of the common vole is regulated by a circadian timing system even though feeding is spread evenly over night and day. The adaptive advantage of circadian entrustment with the timing of feeding motivation above meal timing by digestive processes is sought in the individual repetition of daily patterns as the optimal strategic answer to temporal day-to-day correlations in the environment. |Number of pages||13| |Journal||Journal of Comparative Physiology A| |Publication status||Published - 1978| No data available
Get social. Meet Educational Social Media. DRPF Consults is pleased to share the most current, exciting and cutting edge work in the area of social media in education. Educational Social Media (EdSoMe) explores social media in the classroom and provides workshops and resources about how to best develop a social media plan that fits the needs of your school and students. It’s an introduction not to forget and an interview to remember. Who is Karl Meinhardt? In a few words, Karl Meinhardt is a technology strategist, author and leadership consultant. With over 20 years as a technology professional, Karl has served as a strategy consultant to many companies regarding information technology products and services. Mr. Meinhardt is also the co founder of EdSoMe and was kind enough to take time out of his busy schedule to address critical issues and questions regarding social media in education. Read more about Mr. Meinhardt. After hearing reader concerns about social media in education, DRPF Consults presented Karl Meinhardt with the following questions to learn more about the Portland Project, creation of EdSoMe, media resources and workshops, social media lesson plans, digital citizenship, cyber bullying and more! Educational Social Media (EdSoMe) was created as a result of “The Portland Project,” a pilot social media program in a middle school in Portland. Please tell us more about the Portland Project and the development of EdSoMe? KM: The Portland Project started as a pilot project in a 92% “free and reduced” Title I middle school in the Portland Public School district designed to explore the benefits of social media use in the classroom. A pilot team was assembled from the staff. Strategy sessions with the GMS staff lead to three targeted results areas for a social media strategy: • Academic achievement • Social engagement (community building) Everyone on the team agreed that if we could create a solid learning community with social media tools, academic achievement and attendance level improvement would occur as a result. The cohesion and engagement of the students would reflect in improved grades, higher test scores and better attendance. After six months of piloting the social tools that were selected as cornerstones of the project, it was clear that the social aspect of the media and the tools was creating a positive effect on the students. School and assignment engagement levels were up, chronic attendance abuse was down, and the very fabric of the school social experience was shifting. Students were connecting to the school social network after hours to do assignments for no credit. Text messages were being sent to students via phone to ensure they made it to class. EdSoMe was created as a vehicle to document the project and deliver the results of the project to educators and administrators. We do this through our blog and through on-site social media workshops for educators. The site shares the saying “Budgets are tight, tools are free, the learning opportunities are endless.” What does this mean in relation to social media and the role of EdSoMe? KM: There is a vast amount of media resources available on the internet today. Giving students, teachers and schools the tools to deliver this media to students as part of the current curriculum makes these resources instantly social. EdSoMe’s role is to help teachers and administrators think differently about how to use these media resources to create collaborative and inspirational assignments which will help students utilize and enhance their core curriculum objectives. Learning has never been this media rich. EdSoMe wants to facilitate new ways to inspire students to learn! All of the social tools we used in the Portland Project were FREE. Free robust tools that can harness and utilize rich content for learning result in increased student engagement for no additional cost. The only roadblocks that remain then are knowing how to find the media, and how to deliver it to students in creative lesson plans to reinforce core curriculum objectives. There still seems to be resistance to social media in schools. Why do you think this is true? How is EdSoMe trying to address the issue? KM: There is definitely some resistance to utilizing social media in schools. I know that mobile phone texting has taken a huge amount of bad press (we consider texting as social). I believe this is mostly due to a general lack of understanding of social networking and media in general. Most people think social media is only Facebook and Twitter. The general view is that these are time wasters with no real educational (or other) value. I see this viewpoint a lot in the companies I consult with too. The only way to combat this resistance is through education of the staff! Once they understand the power of social tools and media in relation to their effort to teach, teachers become instantly pro-social. In Portland we encourage mobile phones, social tools, and social media. EdSoMe is trying to help parents and teachers understand that socially enabled classrooms can result in students that are educated in research skills, collaborative skills, media creation skills and networking skills. All of these skills are critical to participating in future schools, businesses, and life. The strength of EdSoMe Workshops lies in choosing the right tool for the needs of the specific district, school or classroom. How can EdSoMe assist schools in developing a Social Media program? KM: EdSoMe can help a school or district with analysis of current technology resources and teacher technology skills. From this data we can then determine a “best fit” of social tools to help schools leverage what technology they have to maximum benefit. All schools have different levels of technology implementation. Understanding what is possible is crucial in setting goals for a social strategy. Part of that strategy is identifying the proper social tools to fit a school or district’s technology abilities. Share some of the exciting social media tools currently used in schools. KM: We’ve found great success with Edmodo, Ning, Edublogs, WordPress, and GoogleDocs. All of these are free. Some have great features to facilitate assignment creation and delivery, and all of them enable linking and embedding of content. And of course, we leverage YouTube a lot as well. Many people don’t realize it is a social network. As a tool to foster creativity and deliver video content, it is unparalleled. If you have ever seen the Kahn Academy on YouTube, you would agree. What are your thoughts about cyber bullying in the schools? KM: Bullying is a social dysfunction, period. Whether it takes place on a playground, on the way home from school, or on a social network, it is a problem that everyone in the educational community, including teachers, parents, students, and administrators, all need to address. The fact that bullying over social tools is the newest form has caused it to gain some traction in the press. But it is like any other type of bullying. It requires education, awareness, and remediation. It is probably the main reason why any social tool we consider for school must have the ability to disable or not allow private messaging if at all possible. What is digital citizenship and how can schools prepare students to be responsible in today’s world of technology? KM: At EdSoMe we define digital citizenship as the behavior, image, and representation of a person in a digital space, i.e. a social network, a blog, a forum, or any other form of technological communication. Any post, picture, video, or text that is posted by a person in any of these technology spaces is an addition to their digital citizenship. It is a very important concept for students to understand. Every post, picture, comment or any other digital media posted by a student is added to his/her digital footprint. Helping students to understand the implications and possible repercussions of what they post, what they say, and how they portray themselves in the digital world is crucial to their futures. Many students are too young to understand the lasting power of their digital footprint. Schools stand the best chance of preparing students to be responsible digital citizens by enabling digital socialization at school so behaviors can be monitored and corrected. Parents need to participate here as well because as you know many students socialize from home as well. Educating, participating, monitoring and correcting digital interactions in a closed social system at school is the first step in helping students learn about digital citizenship. There are some great examples available that demonstrate the failings of bad digital citizenship. Just google “Cisco Fatty” or “Pixie Fail” to see some of the more notorious examples. Where can teachers find good examples of social media lesson plans? KM: Good social lesson plans are still being worked on across the net. We post some great plans that are a result of our social media workshops on our site at www.edsome.com and on our Facebook Fan page. Edutopia and Facebook on Education have some great stuff too. The best place to find great social lesson plans is by using Google Alerts to search for them while you work! That way they end up in your inbox and YOU don’t have to search. Anything else you would like to share with readers? KM: Social networking and social media represent a fundamental paradigm shift in the way people are communicating. It is imperative that parents, teachers, and school administrators support the social media experience in a place where students can learn the benefits and risks of social media space. To deny them this experience and information in an environment of care and instruction is a disservice to their education. As humans, we’ve been social for millennia. The only difference is the digital venue, the reach and the speed at which information can be socialized. The social revolution is the biggest conversation in the history of man. Let’s help students learn how to participate in that conversation responsibly and productively.
The Little Bible When the early Hebrews went to prayer in the morning, they wore on their foreheads little pouches that contained Scripture verses to help remind them of God. Small and convenient, this tiny little book of KJV Bible verses has a selection from every book of the Bible along with a topical list of verses for various occasions. Take this book with you to remind you of God daily! 2" x 1-3/4" x 1/4"
The Arkansas Municipal League offers a cable television franchise management service through Local Government Services or LGS. The goals of the program are to ensure that local governments have access to the expertise required to negotiate for the benefits and services needed in our communities on reasonable terms and conditions. In return for a nominal fee, which is usually based on a city's population, cities can obtain the following services: assistance in negotiating new terms and conditions for cable television franchise renewals, including the preparation of the franchise document; determining cable companies compliance with existing franchise terms and conditions including franchise fee payment review; developing and implementing a community needs assessment to determine the future cable-related needs and interest of cities; assistance for electric cities in negotiating pole attachment agreements and conducting pole count inventories; assistance in the development of public, educational and governmental channels (PEG); assistance with processing requests from companies to transfer an existing cable franchise; and assistance with negotiating tower leases. LGS provides these services in conjunction with the law firm of Moses and Barnett and with the assistance of William Pohts, an engineer specializing in the emerging technologies in telecommunications and electronic systems. For further information or participation in this program, contact Greg Fender with LGS at 800-978-0071 or via e-mail at firstname.lastname@example.org . The Arkansas Municipal League was founded in 1934 and exists for a threefold purpose:
1. Get a Real-Time Quote Our EthernetOverFiber quoting tool can access rates from over 50 of the top nationwide providers within your area. 2. Review the Results Find out the absolute best EthernetOverFiber rate and review the details online. Our system will store your quote for later visits. 3. Call or Order Online Speak with a EthernetOverFiber expert before you order, or just submit the order online through our website. 4. Enjoy Quality Service You can better focus on your business with great EthernetOverFiber service and savings on your bill. Ethernet over Fiber in Illinois | IL EoF Internet Provider Quotes Use our Instant Illinois Ethernet over Fiber Tool for EoF Internet Availability! To request Ethernet over Fiber for your business in Illinois, give us a call at 1.888.765.8301 or use our Ethernet over Fiber online quote tool (on the right) to get an initial estimate on Ethernet over Fiber in IL. Once we receive your company information we'll give you a call to discuss your EoF Internet inquiry. Why use ethernetoverfiber.solveforce.com for your Online Illinois EoF Internet Research? - Our Illinois Ethernet over Fiber tool does the shopping for you. - We give an unbiased opinion on Ethernet over Fiber in Illinois. EthernetOverFiber in Latitude: 40.3363 and Longitude: -89.0022 We provide dedicated EthernetOverFiber services nationwide! Call 1.888.765.8301 Now or Get a Quote Online
25 November 2013 On Saturday, Anne and I drove up to Tennessee to pick up a five month old wolfie pup that was in need of rehoming. Simon and I have always wanted a big fuzzy, wolfhound or deerhound, and so we jumped at this chance. Daisy probably would have preferred that we hadn't, but since she doesn't have thumbs she doesn't get a vote. She does, however, get loads and loads of extra attention and has resumed sleeping in the middle of our bed, pushing us to the very edges and taking all the duvet for herself. Fair play. On Sunday, Bryn made her first appearance with the Hounds of East Fairhaven, giving the crowds something to ooh and ahh over and HOEF a full time wolfie member for the first time in almost a decade. She was a star, braving the cold, trolling for turkey tendons, and posing for loads of pictures. There is something about a giant breed that captures the attention, even when she's only just a baby. So far we haven't lost any thing to her voracious chewing except for a tiny bit of sanity when she chooses a toy that squeaks. But even that is tempered by the fact that she makes sounds that resemble Lucas's Chewbacca as she chews...she is just hilarious. We did a bit of puppy proofing before she came home, but for the most part we just keep an eye on her and keep her busy with appropriate things rather than wait until she's chosen something inappropriate to dissect and investigate. While it has only been just over 36 hours, she has responded well to correction when needed and is just a big old growly rumbly furry lovebug that tried to climb onto Simon's lap for snuggles last night when she got sleepy. We adore her and hope that Daisy will too in time...keep an eye out on the Lettuce for more stories of Bringing Up Bryn!
I am such a slacker! Jeez Louise! What is wrong with me? Actually, nothing is really wrong with me, I just get busy with … life. As a full time professional at the day job, and a full time mommy of a two and a half year old, there is little time for much else. So how does one create balance in Life in order to fit Reading and Writing into it? Ah yes, the question I would love to be able to answer. But, alas, I have no words of wisdom. I’m still trying to figure it out myself. The day job is important to me because, well, it pays my bills and feeds my family. Kind of important stuff, right? The love of my family is also important to me because my son is at an age where he needs interaction constantly. His little brain is going ludicrous speed and I am doing my best to keep up. (Yes, I totally threw in a Spaceballs reference) Boog’s imagination is so full of awesomeness right now, I hate to lock myself away in a book or writing for fear I might miss something. Never mind the super cute, but sort of pathetically humbling, moments where he sticks his face between mine and the laptop screen and says, “look at ME, mom!” But I need the moments to myself to do what I love in order to remain sane, or at the very least, likable. Trust me, you don’t wanna be in the same zip code when this chickie here has the cranky pants on. Not pretty. Linda Blair ain’t got nuthin on me. So what do I do? At the moment it’s all about multi-tasking. It is not unusual to find me standing in the kitchen stirring pasta with one hand and have the other hand holding an open book away from the steam. The only problem with this is chicken tends to get a little too done at times. [Insert sheepish shrug] The same comes with my writing. I am a horrible blogger, this I know. I see other ‘professional’ bloggers who post nonstop and I bow to their mastery. I just can’t do it. If I manage to read, and finish, a book, I will write up my review and post my thoughts. If something comes to mind that I feel needs to be shared with the masses, I will post. Doing it every day, or multiple times a day, just doesn’t happen. Working on the WIPs falls into this as well. I do my best to find time on the weekends to dedicate even just an hour to writing a new chapter, or editing a chapter, with the WIPs. This usually happens while I have an ear on the washing machine as well. Write a paragraph, pull clothes out of dryer, clothes in washer go to dryer, fill washer, write a paragraph, rinse, repeat. I have also been known to abuse down time at the day job. Shhhhh… Don’t tell anyone, K? *grin* I keep my updated goodies on a memory stick that travels everywhere with me. OCD? Over protective? Slight problem with control? Um…yeeeaaahhhh. Wee bit. So when there is down time in my day, I will plug the memory stick in, crank up the iPod, and discretely disappear into my imaginary world for a paragraph, or page, or even a full chapter depending on how dull the day is. So now I ask, is this normal? Do any of you out there suffer from the same time management issues? How do you fit in writing into a busy world of full time demands? Is it possible to be a full time professional, full time mom, AND a full time writer? Or even a part time writer? But then can you still fit in the ever important READING? What tricks have you learned? What is the weirdest place or time you have managed to fit in your passions?
“Take a good hard look at people’s ruling principle, especially at the wise, what they run away from and what they seek out.” —Marcus Aurelius, Meditations I believe that the human species is small and unimportant on a universal scale, but that doesn’t keep me from being endlessly fascinated by the activity on this little planet. I recently finished a really great book, Sapiens, by Yuval Noah Harari. In it, he says, “Culture tends to argue that it forbids only that which is unnatural. Whatever is possible is by definition also natural. A truly unnatural behavior, one that goes against the laws of nature, simply cannot exist, so it would need no prohibition.” We make up so many of our rules based solely on what we imagine the world to be like rather than on what the world truly is. In this age of nearly instantaneous transmission of information, many of us imagine the world is more violent than it has even been in our past. And this would be totally wrong. That is not to discount violence, but only to put it through the filter of history, which gives everything more context. We are not living in the most violent time, rather we are living in relative peace. The only reason you don’t believe that is because we are also living in an age when many of us have near global sight. We are overexposed to the violence that exists in the now, and this leaves us with the false idea that we are living in the most violent era in history, a completely false reality. In looking at the data, we can say that several things are true: - The rate of violence declines as the rate of literacy increases. Access to knowledge, therefore, make people less violent. - Democratically elected governments are less likely to start wars. There are more and more democracies with each passing decade. - We spend more energy worrying about certain topics than we should. If you live in the United States, your lifetime risk of being killed in a car accident should worry you much more than the odds that you will become the victim of a terrorist attack. Which brings us back around to ruling principles and wisdom. Are Trump and Pence operating under wise principles? I don’t think that either man is actually the one in charge of policy for the new and improved #MAGAUSA. The person actually pulling the strings is a man named Steve Bannon. Bannon has unprecedented influence over the new ruling principles of the National Security Council, and that should probably worry you. Here are a few Bannon quotes: I’m a Leninist … Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that’s my goal too. I want to bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today’s establishment. The solution to online ‘harassment’ is simple: women should log off. Would you rather your child had feminism or cancer? Are there racist people involved in the alt-right? Absolutely. The progressive narrative and that is all about victimhood. They’re either a victim of race. They’re victim of their sexual preference. They’re a victim of gender. All about victimhood and the United States is the great oppressor, not the great liberator. What if the people getting shot by the cops did things to deserve it? There are, after all, in this world, some people who are naturally aggressive and violent. This country is in a crisis. And if you’re fighting to save this country, if you’re fighting to take this country back, it’s not going to be sunshine and patriots. It’s going to be people who want to fight. I’m ready to fight Steve. Just not for the values and principles you espouse. You’re worried about all the wrong things, and your worldview is abhorrent. I want to fight for a world where everyone gets a place at the table, and that’s not what you believe in as far as I can tell. I want the levels of violence to keep going down, and that’s not going to happen with you pulling the strings. Our World in Data, War and Violence: https://ourworldindata.org/slides/war-and-violence/#/title-slide
Extra chapter thanks to my Patreons as usual~ Chapter 45: The Hero obtains wings Ruti nodded expressionlessly after listening to the Contract Demon’s explanation. “Ye-yes! I am absolutely not hostile toward the humans of this continent. I belong to the faction that wishes to subjugate the heretic Demon Lord that oppose God. It is true that on the Avalon continent, demons are a race hostile toward humans but we are believers of the same God, the Supreme God Demise. In order to deal with the heretics who oppose God, we are capable of putting aside past grudges and fight alongside humans!” As the Contract Demon desperately spun its words, Ruti listened with a smile that only her brother could understand. (So this is the truth of the existence of demons. Interesting.) Her big brother would have been astonished if he was here, after all, they had exchanged countless hours of discussions on their observations. Ruti thought to herself regretfully. Even that slight fluctuation in her feelings caused the Contract Demon to tremble in fear and stifle a scream. At the moment, the Contract Demon was being questioned in Ruti’s tent with both its arms and fingers secured with chains. Nothing had been done to it other than having questions asked but the demon understood the absolute difference between it and the young female creature seated in front of it. It had no willpower to resist and merely wished to survive. The hero party waiting outside the tent were secretly sympathetic with it suffering a questioning in a tent with the Hero in it but the demon did not know that. Albert had been tied up and questioned by Ares but Ares had already judged that he did not have any significant information and had left him alone. “So, this drug is the ‘Devil’s Divine Protection’ huh?” “This is a drug made using the hearts of Axe Demons so it would produce a pseudo-Divine Protection of the Axe Demon. The strength of this drug is that it can interchange levels with a person’s innate Divine Protection.” “Yes! Taking one dose of this drug would transfer one level to the Devil’s Divine Protection. Also, not taking this drug for one week would cause the Devil’s Divine Protection to return one level to the person’s innate Divine Protection.” “The greatest advantage of this is not that effect but the lowering of a person’s Divine Protection’s maximum level. As you all know, a person’s Divine Protection level can only grow by defeating a being with Divine Protection of same or higher level. Although the Devil’s Divine Protection will not grow as one fights … by using this drug, it could give the effect of temporarily reducing a person’s innate Divine Protection level so that the person can experience efficient growth and his combat ability would not drop as well due to the Devil’s Divine Protection!” This was actually the true reason why the recipe of the God’s forbidden secret medicine was told to the demons, who are the most devout out of all the races. To the demons, the Devil’s Divine Protection drug was not a medicine meant to deny Divine Protections but a medicine meant to raise Divine Protection levels. Ruti crushed the powdered medicine wrapped in paper that she snatched from the demon in her hand. “This will be useful in the subjugation of the Demon Lord?” “Ye-yes! Although a person on the level of He-hero-sama shouldn’t expect much from its effects.” “I’ll give it a try.” Ruti swallowed the medicine without hesitation in front of the demon’s eyes. The demon’s eyes were wide in shock and it was at a loss for words. Of course, the demon’s goal was to pull in the Hero. It handed the medicine to the Hero as it thought that there was a possibility the medicine could strengthen the Hero to aid her defeat of the Demon Lord. However, it never imagined that she would swallow the medicine without any hesitation in such a situation. “It is because poison, disease and curses are ineffective against me. If this was not a medicine, my resistances should have activated.” Ruti carelessly explained perhaps because she noticed the demon’s gaze. But the demon was taken aback as cold sweat emerged from its entire body after hearing those words. (Curses? Curses!? She has complete resistance against curses!? This is bad, this is bad! That medicine was made by stitching together the grudges from the slain Axe Demons that had transformed into curses along with the Demon’s Divine Protections that should normally disappear upon death! If the curse would not activate, there is a possibility that the Axe Demon Divine Protection would be lost!!) But it was too late. She had consumed the medicine. It should make her vomit the medicine out before the medicine is absorbed into her body but the Demon did not have the freedom nor the power to do so. The demon prayed to God. Please, may the Devil’s Divine Protection manifest its effects. Morning the next day. Ares and Theodora were in shock. The two of them watched the flying ship sail away without being able to do anything. The tied-up Albert showed an anxious expression without knowing what was happening. “I don’t know, the flying ship was stolen … ?” “Don’t run away from reality. The Hero and Tise are not around. We have been left behind.” “No-no way! That is impossible! How will they fight without my magic?!” “She probably can.” Theodora coldly replied and ignored Ares as she investigated the empty shell of the Hero’s tent. “This is …” She found the fallen corpse of the Contract Demon with its head cut off. “There was no way she could have been fooled by a demon … that’s obvious.” There were a few camping tools and equipment left behind but the important items were all kept in the Hero’s item bag so the Hero’s journey should not be hindered. Theodora was violently shaken by the item she found on the floor. “The proof of the Hero, the legendary amulet made of Orichalcum that was sealed in an ancient Elf ruin!” Even though it was located within the forest near the Imperial Capital, in the deepest depths of an ancient Elf ruin that nobody has ever stepped foot into, Hero Ruti obtained that amulet which she used to make the world acknowledge her as a hero. Ruti would never let go of that item as long as she was a Hero … but, in reality, the proof of a Hero had been found there on the ground. “I guess I will head to places where there have been sightings of a flying ship.” Theodora left the camp on her own.
When The Conversation launched in the UK five years ago, “fake news” was a term that had yet to be coined and Donald Trump was still only firing people on US television show The Apprentice. “I think we launched a pre-emptive strike against fake news,” editor Stephen Khan told Press Gazette. “We were talking about [how] we were concerned about this issue of trust. “I think we saw the landscape that had been created that was going to allow those sorts of [fake news] narratives to flourish.” In 2013 the UK press was still adjusting to the aftermath of the Leveson Inquiry that followed the phone-hacking scandal, while also facing plummeting print circulation as readers shifted to digital. “We were in the eye of the storm of the business model meltdown, the advertising collapse,” said Khan, a former news editor at the Guardian who has also worked for the Independent and the Observer. “There were a lot of questions about where does expertise come from, newspapers were all laying off specialist writers.” Khan left the Guardian to become launch editor of The Conversation UK, two years after it was founded in Australia by former Observer editor Andrew Jaspan. “That fear of how the public viewed knowledge and the delivery of knowledge was absolutely a factor in me becoming involved in this project,” he said. “Certainly I wasn’t predicting that it would become such a dominant factor in presidential elections. “In 2013 I’m not sure I was even convinced the Brexit referendum would happen. From there the debate around truth but also around expertise, we couldn’t have predicted those specifics, but also we were extremely concerned about how knowledge travels and how expertise is communicated to the public.” The Conversation has a unique journalism model. Its writers are academics who are either commissioned or pitch articles about their area of expertise in relation to current affairs. There are no staff writers but a team of editors covering the UK and Northern Europe, in the English language, who both instruct new contributors on how to write journalistically and advise them on their articles. Nothing is published without both sides being happy. Everything the Conversation publishes on its website is free to be republished by other news organisations on the agreement it runs as written. “For many of our authors, all of whom are academics based at universities, often this means they are reaching a much bigger audience than they have previously been able to,” said Khan, pinpointing the allure of writing for the website for academics even though they all do so unpaid. In April, the UK website received 3m unique browsers, a figure which rises to 15m when content republished across external news websites is included, said Khan. Across all of its websites and republication sites, The Conversation content had 37m total page views in April. The Conversation UK is funded by 74 UK and five European institutions who pay an annual membership fee, collectively making up 90 per cent of the website’s funding. The rest comes from grants from organisations such as the Higher Education Funding Council. It began with just 13 members, including City University, which runs one of the UK’s most well-respected journalism courses and on whose London campus the team is based. Membership means universities “are able to look at where their content is being read, how many people have read it and which publications have republished it” and gets them training from The Conversation’s editors. “We are taking journalistic skills and saying to people who have great detailed knowledge, here’s how you can share that knowledge at a key moment,” Khan said. “We take them from that point of being trained and then lead them through the process, so commission if they’ve got a good idea and help with the writing process.” The number of editors has more than doubled in five years, from eight at its launch to about 20 now. The website also has two commercial staff, including new chief executive Chris Waiting who previously held senior management roles at the Associated Press and the BBC. At its launch, The Conversation received some criticism over giving sign-off to academics on what it publishes. “I think there was a misunderstanding there of what it was,” Khan said. “Maybe that was us not being clear about it, but I think that particular journalist thought we were trying to replicate news reporting – that these academics were in some way going to be producing news reports. “I think this is much more akin to op-ed journalism. The reality is I think this is a new kind of journalism, we often produce a type of content that’s just not been seen before… “It’s analysis, explanation and commentary. These are academics, they aren’t seeking to come out of the lab and chase ambulances or do live blogs.” But one way it does share similarities with other newsrooms is in holding a 9am editorial conference to run through stories. The Conversation has nine sections, including science and technology, arts and culture, and politics and society, each headed up by an editor. Khan said staff “talk about what they’re putting up that day, what they’ve got on the schedule, but also about big issues that are coming into view and how they plan to deal with them”. “The concept is very much academics writing to a general audience,” he said. “We don’t make money on basis of how many clicks we get. We are committed to content we feel is valuable and grounded in research and sometimes quite deep knowledge… “When there are serious events, like gravitational waves – obviously it’s an incredibly dense subject but massively important – that’s where we can come into our own and report these developments in a timely but also a hugely accessible manner.” Khan said his former newsroom colleagues had been sceptical about the idea of working with academics to respond to current affairs. “They were laughing and saying, ‘okay, working closely with academics, we’ll see you in six months. They’ll never be able to write in time, they’ll never be able to write to length’.” But, he said: “It’s just not true, people can do this if they are guided through it. Obviously we have cases where people write far too much or in a very complicated way. We are there to help them and work with them. “That’s not to say there aren’t sometimes differences of opinion, but there is a very clear and user-friendly system that allows the academics and editors to work on the document at the same time. “The academic can see what the headline is going to be and what the picture is going to look like, so there are no shocks as they sometimes find when writing in other publications.” Khan said pieces have been spiked “when the academic has said that’s just too much of a compromise and we’ve said the way you want to do it will not work for a general audience”, but this is not a regular occurrence. In the early days of The Conversation Khan would encounter academics who felt burned by newspapers sensationalising or misunderstanding their research. He said: “What we’ve been able to do is bring a significant number of them – 12,000 in this country – back into that debate, and many of them for the first time.” The Conversation has published some 20,000 articles in five years. But Khan said the “traditional model” of a journalist speaking to an expert and writing up a piece independently was, “if done in a professional way,” a “perfectly valid” approach. “I don’t criticise it at all,” he said. “I wouldn’t say stop reading the Guardian science editor and start reading this. I think they can be quite complementary. “I absolutely quite firmly believe that there is a place for objective reporting, but I think we absolutely went through a period where there was some sloppy reporting and often mistakes were made in the press – not all of it, there have always been fantastic specialist reporters and great news editors and all that sort of stuff – but I do think there was a period of a decade or more where the commercial pressures the industry was under began to tell. “People were being stretched by being asked to do too much, or more with fewer or less experienced resources, and mistakes would be made. The demand to stem declines in circulation would cause editors to push desks to push for more dramatic takes on pieces and I think sometimes that led to content that was perhaps less reliable than one might aspire to in certain cases.” He said the “desperation” for sales had now “morphed” into a desperation for online clicks. But, he sees social media as having offered an antidote. “The minute a small error is made then you’ve got a herd attacking it on Twitter and calling for a correction. I think good publications make those corrections quickly and publicly and I certainly hope we do that.” Khan said he does not believe the UK has an issue with “content farms” generating fake news to deliberately mislead. “I’m not sure it’s fake news in the way we were talking about it stealing the US election a couple of years ago, but can we produce better content and channel it to the public? I think absolutely yes we can,” he said. “I think the quality of what’s produced can be higher and I think at the bottom end some of the headlines and clickbaity stuff that’s pushed out isn’t possibly of the highest order.” Khan said this had “allowed quite fertile ground for politicians to call upon competing versions of the truth”. “That’s an environment into which we have been able to walk and actually become quite important.”
On my trip preparing for our research project’s first symposium in December and scouting for venues, caterers and hotels, I went to see La Isla de Perejil by “l’enfant terrible du cinéma marocain”, Ahmed Boulane. Florence Martin writes about it in her first blog entry, from 4 February 2016. The film and its director are part of the transnational injection into Moroccan cinema, as Ahmed Boulane himself comes from the former pirates’ republic of Salé, took on the Irish nationality, and made a film dealing with the absurd situation that caused an international incident between Spain and Morocco in 2002. Co-produced with Boulane-O’Bryne Production (Casablanca) and Maestranza Film (Sevilla), Boulane co-wrote it with Spaniard Carlos Dominguez. Boulane is best known for his second feature film, The Angels of Satan (2007), about a scandal that shook Moroccan sensibilities in 2003: the case of a group of young Moroccan heavy-metal rockers wrongly accused of being Satanists. The film became a real Moroccan box office hit in 2007. One of the best discoveries watching La Isla de Perejil was the main actor: Abdellah Ferkous, with his quietly, tongue-in-cheek, playful style of comedy. His rotund looks, typical moustache and big cheeks give shape to the comic identity of this TV actor and his character in La Isla, Ibrahim, a soldier of the Auxiliary Forces. At the start of the film one gets a sense of his modest background, his simple life and his contentment with his small (and poor) family, living with their chickens. He likes simple pleasures such as coffee and food, and his satisfaction with life comes through in little rituals, visible for example in the manner in which he wakes up his children and the repeated stretching and washing of his hands and face. Just before his retirement, Ibrahim is sent to the tiny Isla de Perejil on the northern coast of Morocco, whose sovereignty is disputed by Morocco and Spain. His mission is to monitor the passage of smugglers, illegal migrants and drug traffickers. His rituals continue on this island, although his radio contact with the mainland breaks up and he is alone apart from the company of a cockerel and a goat. One day, while bathing, Ibrahim discovers that the sea has washed ashore an illegal migrant from Senegal. Close to death, Mamadou is carried to Ibrahim’s makeshift home. At first he is treated with suspicion but Ibrahim slowly nurses him back to health, and the two characters bond over food, music and the radio Mamadou has brought along in a plastic bag. As they try to establish their means of survival, they become friends and Ibrahim protects Mamadou, his cockerel and his goat. When Mamadou suggests they eat the animals, Ibrahim is taken aback and assures the Senegalese man that he does not eat his friends. With the growing solidarity between the two men, the international incident that is brewing in the background, and of which they are completely ignorant, becomes ever more absurd: not only is the island tiny, the loneliness there brings two strangers and potential enemies together, while Spanish and Moroccan politicians direct a diplomatic conflict and a military attack on one another. Watch the film’s trailer here. Loosely based on an actual conflict between Spain and Morocco in 2002, this is a gentle farce that reverberates with political undertones. Not only does it look in some detail at the refugee crisis and the possibility of solidarity between Africans in their ‘fight’ against the European coloniser, it also makes fun of this coloniser in his inability to deal with Moroccan sovereignty. The film has a satirical bite to its treatment of the relationship between the Spanish and the Moroccans, but the postcolonial critique does not spare the ineptitude of Moroccan politicians either. The concept of nationhood, this film tells us, is hollow: the island is abandoned, but the moment someone sets foot on it and raises a faded, washed-out Moroccan flag (orange and yellow instead of bright red and green), the neo-colonialist tendencies of territorialism come flooding back. The absolute absurdity of this conflict is highlighted by the filmmaker, as he emphasizes the smallness of the island, and uses a comical actor as the single, middle aged soldier rather than the historical team of six Moroccan soldiers ‘invading’ the island with a dinghy. Stefanie Van de Peer
History of Index . . October 6, 2004 2:43 am by . . October 5, 2004 1:45 pm by Difference (from prior major revision) (no other diffs) [List of all pages on this site.] [List of all files uploaded to this site.] This is an automatically-generated listing of all pages on the wiki.
What is Handmade Artists? Handmade Artists is a community where likeminded artisans can give advice, honest feedback, support, share their creations, and promote their items to a wider online audience. This wonderful group of artisans has come together as a community to share how to avoid pitfalls, and the joy of selling their handmade and creative process. Andrew and Kimberly Kitchen are the back bone and owners of Handmade Artists. Not only do they manage and take care of their members by promoting constantly, quick at responding to questions, but they both work full time and are artists themselves. They are very receptive to feedback, in fact they even ask for feedback whenever they want to try something different to help the handmade movement even more. Andrew and Kimberly have two shops “Chainmaille by MBOI” and “Makein’ the Best of it”, in addition to owning and managing Handmade Artist Forum, Shop, and Blog. They also own and manage the site’s “It’s Better Handmade” and “Promote Handmade”. As you can see they do everything that they can to help and support the Handmade Community. Handmade Artists Shop This is the place to set up shop, to sell your handmade. Very low start up at only $5 a month or $50 a year, no commissions or listing fees. Although Handmade Artist (HA) is smaller than other sites like Etsy and Artfire, it is growing daily. You will not find mass produced goods sold as handmade. So if you are looking to buy handmade that’s exactly what you will find, and if you’re looking to sell you won’t be competing with mass produced items that can be sold at really low prices. Handmade Artists Blog The Handmade Artists Blog is where you will not only find the highlights that are put together by other creative members, but you will find post written by Kimberly featuring other talented artists, helpful and inspiring post written by other creative members. The Handmade Artists Forum is the place to get advice, support, promote, post you events and giveaways, join contest, Social network rings, looking for business tips, tutorials, share your latest creations, or just want to share something about your everyday life. You will not only find Andrew and Kimberly very active in the forum but, you will also find a great group of very talented and knowledgeable individuals that are always there to help others, whether it’s advice, feedback, promoting, etc. It’s better Handmade Is a blog dedicated to helping the handmade artists succeed. Your will find crafters, and artist of all kinds, who come together and support one another. You will find post on various mediums, helpful information, featured artist, and more. You can submit an article or share one of your creations. Its Better Handmade is a great place to get exposure, support, make friends, and to show some love and support for other handmade artisans. Promote Handmade is another site dedicated to help the handmade artist succeed. Promote Handmade is three different groups that have band together to support the handmade movement. Promote Handmade is Andrews brainchild, It’s Better Handmade is Kimberly’s, and On Fire for Handmade is Anne, another big supporter of the handmade. You can find all three on Facebook. Whether you already have a handmade business, just starting out, or just crafting for the fun of it, the Handmade Artist is a wonderful community to join, where you will find a fantastic group of talented individuals that are there to help and support in the handmade movement. I would like to Thank Andrew, Kimberly, and Anne for all the long hours and hard work that each of you put into helping the handmade artist. Ya'll are the best, and greatly appreciated. I have never seen anyone so committed to helping the handmade artist as you three. Thank you!!! I would also like to thank all the wonderful and talented member of Handmade Artist. Ya’ll have always been there to help, whether it’s to give advice, tips, promoting each other’s creations, or just being a friend. Thank you!!! If I have left anything on how wonderful the “Handmade Artists” is, Please add to the list by leaving a comment below. Thanks!
Nearly thirty years since the collapse of the Soviet Union, we have got used to seeing the Bolshevik Revolution as the prelude to a failed political experiment, albeit one that lasted a remarkably long time. But why do we see it as a failure? After all, the Soviet Union was a vast empire regarded as the military equal of the United States, feared and hated by successive US presidents, whose influence extended far beyond Soviet borders to include regimes in Africa, South East Asia, Central and South America. Had Mikhail Gorbachev not been removed in 1991, and had the Soviet system been able to reform itself into something like the form of communism we see today in China, no one would regard those seventy-plus years of Soviet power as a failure at all. What is meant by failure, in truth, is not really military or economic failure so much as a failure to sustain and uphold the ideals of equality and social justice that originally drew so many to the communist cause. The haemorrhaging of members from the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB) in 1956, for instance, was a result of widespread feelings of shock and disgust after Nikita Khrushchev's revelations at the Twenty-First Party Conference that year, at which he delivered his so-called ‘secret speech’ condemning Stalin's regime. For those who left the CPGB, and other communist parties across Western Europe, it was painful to realize that what they had for decades dismissed as ‘anti-Soviet propaganda’ had in fact been accurate reportage. Most shocking of all was learning that the mass arrests and disappearances of the 1930s, and even the show trials of prominent Politburo and party members, were not proportionate, if regrettable, responses to plots to murder Stalin and overthrow Soviet power at all, but rather Stalinist crimes of epic and tragic proportions. Right up to the end of the Communist regime in Russia, reports of political and religious repression, the continued use of the Gulag system, confinement and forced treatment of dissidents in mental hospitals, literary and other cultural censorship continued to filter through the Iron Curtain.
the garden of love is an installation about the cycle of life. Life is short and fleeting. Living in Japan, I often noticed the cemeteries (“ohaka”) in the middle of the city. They are a “Ma”, an intermediary space, in the very intense and concentrated time and space that is Tokyo. The presence of our bodies and the remains of the bodies resting in these spaces transforms the place into a liminal territory, a gateway to another dimension of life. It doesn’t matter if you believe that life continues after or not, but I experienced the “ohaka” as a place to demonstrate love and respect for one’s ancestors. We trace our personal histories to the memory and flesh beneath the earth. We perform the meaning of these relationships through individual and collective rituals. I choose an intimate language to communicate love: that thin and delicate line that connects our past, present and future. “The Garden of Love” expresses the visceral and emotional spiral that weaves these distinct states of being. This work is about the transitory nature of life and its absence. Humanity’s communal invention – the town – maintains this plural space in its very center, even in the extreme urban expression of Tokyo. 2007_Sergio Motta Prize for Art and Tecnology 2006_Videoforms: Manifestation Internationale d’Art Vidéo et Nouveaux Médias, Clermond-Ferrant, France 36 m square – 2 video projectors – 4 amp. speakers – salt – interface ceramist: KYOKO TOKUMARU ceramic production in Tokyo: ROSALEN EXHIBITION COMMITTEE/ YOKOHAMA MUSEUM OF ART (YOKOHAMA ARTS FOUNDATION), coordenate by HIROKO SEKI and MICHIKO OGURA for TRANSLOCAL URBANITIES > love politics, YOKOHAMA ART MUSEUM, 2005. co-production: VIDEOFORMES: MANIFESTATION INTERNATIONALE D’ART VIDÉO ET NOUVEAUX MÉDIAS, CLERMOND-FERRANT, FRANCE. special thanks: FUMIO NANJO, NAOYA HATAKEYAMA, HIROKO SEKI.
Pascal's law is a law about the physics of a fluid. It says that if pressure is exerted on a non compressible fluid in an enclosed vessel, this pressure will be distributed evenly throughout the fluid. It is named after Blaise Pascal who discovered it in 1647. An example of Pascal's law is the way a fluid flows out of one syringe to another through a pipe or tube. [[Category:Laws of physics] Pascal took a barrel and inserted a tube in it. It caused the barrel to burst. This proved Pascal's hypothesis correct. :)
August 30, 2017 THANK YOU to everyone who helped make our 2017 summer season break box office records! We are truly grateful to all our patrons and supporters! Our Box Office and Administrative Office are on limited schedules — off-season hours are Tuesday-Thursday, 10:00 am – 4:00 pm; please leave a message and someone will get back to you as soon as possible. “A Christmas Carol” tickets are on sale NOW through the Majestic Theater — http://www.gettysburgmajestic.org See you there!!!
It seems like the copyright train has made it’s way around to ICANN. You know, the guys you (on some level) buy your domains from? Yeah, they’re getting into the copyright enforcement game. Sounds like kismet if I ever saw it. Oh wait. No. Cutting to the meat of the EFF’s article on this, is a quote about a provision regarding URS, an accelerated version of the copyright claims “court” for .org TLDs. That means any company who owns a generic (or even specific, I’ll get into that later) enough company can run roughshod over a non-profit who owns a domain, like in this excerpt: When nonprofit organizations use brand names and other commercial trademarks, it’s often to call out corporations for their misdeeds—a classic First Amendment-protected activity. That means challenges to domain names in .org need more careful, thorough consideration than URS can provide. Adding URS to the .org domain puts nonprofit organizations who strive to hold powerful corporations and governments accountable at risk of losing their domain names, effectively removing those organizations from the Internet until they can register a new name and teach the public how to find it. Losing a domain name means losing search engine placement, breaking every inbound link to the website, and knocking email and other vital services offline. Beyond URS, the new .org agreement gives Public Interest Registry carte blanche to “implement additional protections of the legal rights of third parties” whenever it chooses to. These aren’t necessarily limited to cases where a court has found a violation of law and orders a domain name suspended. And it could reach beyond disputes over domain names to include challenges to the content of a website, effectively making PIR a censorship bureau.Mitch Stoltz – EFF – “Opening the Door for Censorship: New Trademark Enforcement Mechanisms Added for Top-Level Domains” “But Nathan!”, you cry, “why do you care so much? I know you have a .org domain, but ‘degruchy’ is pretty specific.” Yeah, I thought so, too, for a while. When I registered degruchy.org aeons ago, I was only vaguely aware of degruchy.com, a jeweler in Indonesia. I was wholly unaware (until very recently) of a department store called “Degruchys” on the Isle of Jersey off the coast of France. Both of these companies would be able to make a claim to degruchy.org for any number of reasons. They may not win, but I’m not holding out hope. The EFF has already asked that they reconsider this contract and change. Which was done behind closed doors. I hope that they are successful in getting ICANN to change their position on this.
Have you always wondered just what your mixed breed dog is? Are his legs short because he’s part dachshund, does she bay because she’s part hound, is her speed because there’s Whippet in there somewhere? Now you can get some answers. The Canine Heritage Breed Test can test for the thirty-eight breeds listed below. All you do is swab the inside of your dog’s cheek with the swab provided in the kit and send it in. It’s non-invasive and you don’t need a vet to do it. Owners and rescue groups can now have more information about the dogs in their care. This could be really useful in explaining behaviors like herding and for keeping an eye out for health issues. The kit costs $65. Of course, I wish they had more herding dogs, like the Australian Cattle Dog, and the terriers seem underrepresented. The company does say it intends to add more breeds. We plan to check Saffron. I’ll let you know what we find out. I am in no way affiliated with MetaMorphix, nor am I an investor. Bernese Mountain Dog German Shorthaired Pointer
Perth is Australia’s capital city, and this vibrant metropolis covers an area of 5,386 km2. The city is situated on the banks of the Swan River and boasts an excellent infrastructure complete with several charming residential districts that come complete with plenty of shops, pretty parks and world class dining opportunities. Perth is located close to the south-western most point of Australia and is a fairly young city. However, people who are planning to move to Perth will find a large number of neo-classical houses to choose from as well as more modern houses and apartments. The city boasts ten large universities as well as a vibrant nightlife scene complete with bars, clubs and theatres. The districts of Northbridge and Fremantle in particular are packed with colourful nightlife options. The downtown area of Perth is easy to explore on foot and features interesting attractions such as St Mary’s Cathedral, Perth Town Hall, His Majesty’s Theatre and Government House. On the rest side of the city Perth rises to meet Kings Park, which offers stunning views across the entire city. Some of the most popular districts of Perth among home owners include Crawley, Peppermint Grove and Como. All of these areas feature plenty of beachfront houses to choose from as well as modest brownstone houses and modern apartments. In addition to soaking up the sun on the beach, people who choose to relocate to one of these vibrant districts will be able to spend time exploring the local parks and browsing for bargains in large shopping centres. Public transportation in Perth is provided by the Transperth company, who regularly run a large number of ferries, trains and buses. There are also excellent cycle paths running through Perth, and cycling is a great way to have fun and get fit while exploring the city.
A short summary regarding the recent RGH incident in the Knysna area. A few months ago, Karin stopped at an RTMC roadblock. Initially the RTMC agents were instructed by their superior, traffic chief Oliphant, to charge Karin with fraud and arrest her, according to Oliphant’s order he himself issued a few years ago, in complete disregard of RGH’s recent case, judgement and not guilty verdict. Further also in breach of his own oath and mandate, which includes to uphold the RSA constitution act 108 of 1996, thus recognizing common law. After Karin indicated to the RTMC agents that she is a common law traveller, she was informed by Oliphant, who was speaking through his agents, that “common law does not exist in South Africa”, which is obviously utter nonsense and a very poor strategy of defence or attack. If he would have said “common law does not exist in the Republic of South Africa”, it almost would have made sense, since RSA is desperate to eradicate anything common, customary and tribal law, before the people rediscover their almost forgotten freedom. At this point, not only for Oliphant’s education, we insert a small compilation referencing common law within the RSA constitution act 108 of 1996 and the NRTA : Knowing Oliphant from previous interactions, he is most likely to deny having said the above once confronted or under oath at court. Due to the peaceful nature of the encounter the RTMC agents decided not to charge Karin with fraud, which warrants and immediate arrest, but rather charge her with the standard code violations, i.e. driving motor vehicle without licence, driving an unlicenced and unroadworthy vehicle, including a summons to visit the Knysna court on 26th June. In the run-up to the court date Karin’s partner Lawrence, also an avid RGH member, contacted control prosecutor Engelbrecht, who showed very little interest in the matter, but said that the matter would be placed on the roll regardless. On the day, Engelbrecht informed Karin that Hylton’s case does not constitute a precedent, nor did Jan’s case, which did not even enroll, based on the verdict in Hylton’s case and endorsed by Engelbrecht himself. Confirmation again, the RSA courts grant themselves condonation whenever they seem fit or unfit. While at the court and waiting, Karin communicated with other court personnel and it became evident once again, their main concern is the lack of revenue from RGH members and not road safety, but admittedly they are also unsure with regard to the ‘legal’ status of RGH. Apparently they are determined to move for trial and secure a conviction against Karin, which is exactly that, a conviction against Karin for NRTA code violation but not RGH itself. The matter got postponed to 19th July 2019 and again to 16th August 2019. Read below some excerpts on stare decisis or ‘the doctrine of precedents’, especially in connection to section 39 (2) of the bill of rights. This is the very section UZA (Unified Common Law Grand Jury of Southern Africa) cited on many occasion with regards to common, customary and tribal law, how it is totally ignored and neglected in favour of foreign statutory roman-dutch law, merely serving as an alibi or giving people the impression, common, customary and tribal law are well and alive. On the 16th of July, Karin arrived at the court accompanied by Lawrence and Jan, an expert witness in RGH matters. All documents on hand, RTMC witnesses present too, including their evidence, i.e. RGH number plates, safely guarded. On duty was magistrate Leonore Swartz and public prosecutor Eric. After what seemed like a long morning, Karin was called into the dock around noon. Magistrate Swartz explained that another 2 trials, both on the roll since before Karin’s case, had preference and she could not promise to entertain the matter before end of day, thus suggesting to remand the matter and postpone once again to 19th September. Karin agreed and was quick enough to ask how she could subpoena traffic chief Vukile Oliphant into the court. Magistrate Swartz suggested to visit his office and cordially invite him to be present, should he decline, Karin would have to return to the court, issuing an official subpoena. 15 minutes later Karin, Lawrence and Jan walked into the RTMC office, asking for Oliphant, who needed to be called downstairs. Seemingly surprised he greeted the RGH contingent, much friendlier than at previous encounters though. He obviously did not accept the invitation, saying he would only act upon orders issued by a court and would need to consult his own legal department. He was very uncomfortable with the situation, lacking confidence to a point of embarrassment. He also denied to having any knowledge of Jan, who had extensive communication and exchange with Oliphant in the past year. Again he was unable to comment on the order to arrest all RGH members issued by no other than himself, only warning them to stop “driving with those number plates”. What is probably most disappointing, a man of his stature, a chief, hiding behind his foot soldiers, unable to be true to his own word or man enough to say “yes, thank you for coming, I shall be in court on the 19th of September“.
This post is also available in: Deutsch This is our best offer which you can get without any discount code. The All Access long-term package saves you up to 70% compared to individually purchasing our add-ons. As the name suggests, the All Access Pass gives you access to all commercial add-ons, including Advanced Ads Pro, Tracking and Selling Ads. Compared to the basic All Access Pass, this long term offer comes with four years of support and updates and doesn’t renew automatically.
This document provides some frequently asked questions about Sandra. Please read the Help File as well! Q: How do I get the latest version of Sandra? A: Click here for more information. Q: How do I optimise the system using the Analysis and Advice Wizard? A: Click F1 in the module in question and follow the instructions in the help file. You will need to refer to the help topic of the actual module since the wizard does not have a database of the tips. Q: How do I update my system’s BIOS? A: If Sandra tells you to update your system’s BIOS then it’s advisable to do it if you want to keep up-to-date. However, if everything is working properly you should not do it – don’t fix it if it ain’t broken. Modern system with FLASH BIOS: Check the Web page of the mainboard’s manufacturer. The update is FREE. Do note that we take NO RESPONSIBILITY for what might happen. Read very carefully the install procedure and back-up your BIOS before proceeding. Disable BIOS caching and shadowing and run the flasher from a CLEAN DOS USB or floppy disk rather than in Windows.
1. Easy & quick cooking. 2. High in protein. 3. High in dietary fibre. 4. Helps manage bad (LDL) cholesterol. 5. Good for the heart. 1. Boil 1 glass (230ml) milk OR ¾ th glass of water (210ml) water. 2. Add ½ cup (35 gm) Eco Valley Hearty Oats. 3. Cook for approximately 3 minutes. 4. Stir Occasionally. 5. Serve Hot. You can just cook it with milk or water and add fruits, dry fruits, juices etc, or you can make oats cookies, upma or use your creativity to make delicious recipes with it. No Products To Show
People who know me well or who read this blog know I am a great advocate of the work and findings of Dr Michael Newton (MN). Recently, there have been an increasing number of signs around me that seems to validate what MN postulates in his books yet, the skeptic within compels me to scour the www to seek any articles that refutes MN convincingly. Well, not only has Google not found any "convincing" counters to MN, I do not remember seeing a single article that refutes him. To me, this is pretty amazing considering the power of Google. I am now more convinced that more people must read his two books, "Journey of Souls" and "Destiny of Souls". The books are available free online too but I would suggest getting and keeping personal copies from the bookshop. The interesting article below is extracted (without permission) from the website of someone named Larry Carter...another skeptic. I found it when Googling for "Michael Newton and fraud". Please read: The Spirit World OK, this is something I've never done before. I don't put bumper stickers on my car - I don't even wear t-shirts with messages on them - so this is as close as I've ever come to proselytizing. However, after 50 years of exploring the great and not-so-great religions of the world, I finally found something regarding the afterlife that makes sense to me. (If an afterlife where some souls play harp all day while others are poked by demons with pitchforks sounds to you like a "Saturday Night Live" skit, you know what I mean.) So, I'm taking a chance and sharing what I've learned in hopes that it might be important to someone else as well. Michael Newton is a hypnotherapist, meaning his expertise as a therapist is hypnotizing people to help them recall and resolve hidden memories (childhood abuse, for instance) that are resurfacing as adult problems. As he developed a technique for leading people into deeper and deeper trance states, he discovered that with some particularly sensitive people he was able to get beyond their ego bodies and converse with their immortal souls through past life regression. (If you don't think you have an immortal soul that has reincarnated in numerous bodies, you might as well stop reading right now. If, however, you think you do have an immortal soul, why shouldn't it be able to speak for itself when your physical body is placed in a deep enough trance?) As he developed his technique further, instead of focusing on just past lives he began asking them to describe the time between lives - after death but before incarnating in a new body. Through thousands of such sessions over 30 years of work, he pieced together a view of the spirit world that is very specific and revealing. New Age mumbo-jumbo I don't generally pay much attention to people who relate near-death or past-life experiences because, frankly, it all sounds like New Age mumbo-jumbo to me. Near-death experiences (lights at the end of tunnels and such) are by definition NEAR death rather than the real thing, so any observations from someone who "came back" might be based on their physical body reacting to trauma. Past-life memories make a certain amount of sense to me since I believe in reincarnation, but they are also susceptible to current-life egos - like all those people who insist they were someone famous like Cleopatra. This, however, is something different. If Newton is telling the truth, thousands of people from very different spiritual backgrounds - from atheists to religious zealots - all give about the SAME DETAILS under deep hypnosis of what it is like in the spirit world. These details are far, far too specific to be explained as mere ego fantasies or coincidences, and since he claims to ask non-directive open-ended questions during hypnosis, the consistency of what he claims they report is startling. It is the CONSISTENCY OF DETAILS reported by thousands of very different clients that is most persuasive for me. Fact or fraud? Since his books include actual transcripts of hypnotherapy sessions where clients are reporting details regarding the spirit world, what it comes down to is that either these transcripts are real or he's just making the whole thing up. If this is all a hoax, it is an extremely elaborate one that he has somehow managed to carry on for decades. His books have sold around half a million copies over the last 13 years, so critics have had plenty of time and reason to expose any fraud. Given the thousands of people he claims to have personally had sessions with since the 1970s, and given that he has trained other hypnotherapists who have used his technique on countless more people, it seems unlikely to me that he would be able to maintain such an elaborate hoax over such a long period of time without someone, somewhere exposing any fraud. Although he certainly has his critics, I haven't been able to find anything that actually debunks his research claims. IF YOU CAN, PLEASE LET ME KNOW. Until that point, I'm inclined to put my SKEPTICISM (see below) aside and assume that the session transcripts he includes in his books really happened. It - like - resonates with me, man! There is an important qualifier: I suspect the spirit world is actually beyond human comprehension (why should the way it REALLY is be limited to what we can comprehend with human brains?), so I suspect any discussion of life after death relates to what REALLY happens in the same way that a kindergarten class in learning to count relates to advanced algebra. Given this limitation, however, this explanation is the first one I've heard that (as they say in California) resonates with me. Further, it seems quite compatible with what I consider to be the underlying assumptions of all peaceful world religions - being kind to others, practicing forgiveness, living a life of service, accepting consequences for decisions that hurt others, requesting spiritual guidance, believing the soul outlives the body, seeing spirit in all matter, striving toward the One, etc. Leap of faith Therefore, I'm willing to take the leap of faith and say that, despite some unanswered questions, this is what I believe. If you are interested in knowing what he has to say, a good place to start might be a 30-minute interview with him that someone posted on YouTube.Com. Click HERE or, if that doesn't work, go to www.YouTube.Com and search for "Michael Newton between lives." If the interview appeals to you, you might want to read one of his books - particularly Journey of Souls or Destiny of Souls. They basically amount to transcripts from his hypno-therapy sessions, plus commentary by him. His third book is an instruction handbook for other hypnotherapists interested in learning his technique. Used copies of his books are readily available from places like www.Amazon.Com for under $10. And there you have it. Larry, November 2007 Postcript #1: My SKEPTICISM is based on the following: 1) As a PhD, Newton is very familiar with the rigors of academic research, so what's with the total lack of substantiation for his claims? If this isn't a hoax, his findings are monumental and deserve academic validation - independent reviews of session tapes, for example. If he can include transcripts in his books, he should be able to make the original tapes available for peer review. Anecdotal evidence is interesting for the casual reader, but doesn't really validate his claims. On the other hand - perhaps he just isn't interested in convincing skeptical academics. 2) As a playwright myself who has struggled with writing dialogue, his transcripts don't sound very real. Perhaps that's because the subjects are in deep hypnosis, or because at the soul-level we all sound alike, or because he has edited the transcripts to make them more readable without altering the actual content - or perhaps it's because he's making the transcripts up as he goes. 3) Hypnotism is hardly new - some say it has been commonly practiced by Shamans and healers for thousands of years - so why is he the first person to tell us this specific information? Granted, he claims to have developed hypnosis techniques that allow him to go deeper into the trance state than normal, but even this doesn't sound all that unique. Given how exacting his information is, why haven't these very specific details found their way into numerous tribal mythologies? On the other hand, New Age enthusiasts insist that THIS is the most critical time in human history, and that we should expect spiritual messengers to be among us to lead us into the "new age" of our development. 4) Despite the above reservations, the way he describes the spirit world sounds very convincing to me. Ironically, it is SO convincing that it makes me suspicious. If I were to create a hoax regarding the spirit world, his multi-tiered system of non-judgmental educational development is about how I would have designed it myself. In other words, I am suspicious of being seduced by a vision that is so similar to what I would have created if I had been writing fiction. I realize this is a double-bind, but so be it. Postscript #2 - Here are a couple of interesting REVIEWS I found on Amazon.Com from people who claim to have undergone hypnotherapy from either Newton or someone trained by him. Although plenty of reviewers disagreed with him, I didn't find any that disputed the integrity of his claims. Review #1 - It is the truth and he is legitimate, January 2, 2002 By Reviewer "draiguisge" (Seattle, WA) I first read Journey of Souls a few years ago, and had the same feeling of resonance that many reviewers did. But I wasn't convinced and still wanted to know more. I wrote to a reviewer on this site who had visited him, and following her suggestion, wrote to Dr. Newton for an appointment. At the time, he had a three-year waiting list, and was seeing about 2-3 clients a week. I saw him just before Destiny of Souls was completed, and while I did not experience my memories with the same clarity the subjects in his book did, I can say with utter certainty that Dr. Newton is not making it up, and is not manipulating his readers. From my conversations with him, I have found him to be very intelligent, caring, funny, and honest. My experience in hypnosis was a bit unsettling for me, as much as the skeptic in me wanted to dismiss the truths I had learned about myself, I could not attribute my memories to anything that I had seen in his books or elsewhere. Nor did he plant the ideas in my head. He is absolutely the stubborn investigator he describes in his books and challenged the things I said, questioned me during the session, compared to things I had said earlier to make sure I was still saying the same things. Then, at the end of the session told me where I had said something similar to his other clients that had not been in Journey of Souls (but is now in Destiny), such as my detailed explanation of the medallion worn by one of the "Council" members. In retrospect, I think the most amazing thing about my session was my casual attitude - as I talked about "unbelievable" things like hybrid souls I might as well have been telling him "the sky is blue" with the nonchalant way I felt. In fact, a few times I did get frustrated with his questioning, the same way someone would if challenged with "No, the sky is GREEN". What I was saying felt then, as it does now, to be nothing but pure and simple truth. For the further skeptical, my small claim to fame is that one of his "One of my clients said.." comments to illustrate a point about soul names was something I told him after my session. So I know that whenever he says a client said something, they did. Review #2 - My Experience of Life Between Life, May 26, 2007 By Reviewer "miteyoak" (Sacramento, CA) I read this book almost 10 years ago, and it totally made sense with the way that I had always believed. I signed up to be on the waiting list for a regression, and I received a letter stating there was an 18 month or so waiting list. I only lived about an hour away from Grass Valley. I never heard anything. Then, about 5 years ago, I had a life between life regression from somebody who was trained by Newton. I had always wondered if I would lose my will and hypnosis would make me cluck like a chicken or if they would plant suggestions, but it isn't like that at all. First, they relax you and then they will ask you a question about what you see. I really saw things -- not always as clear as if I was watching TV -- but, I was able to get images and information and feel real feelings -- it was a very real experience. And, there isn't any way that my conscious mind could have fabricated what I saw. The whole process was mind blowing, and yet it eased my mind. I really went before a council of elders, and the some of the issues I had then are still issues in this life. I wouldn't have been able to make the link at the time -- and even during the process. It is only now -- several years later -- that I can see the pattern and see its relevance. It is hard to process everything all at once. Postscript #3 - Having recently read Newton's 3rd book (basically an instruction manual for how experts already trained in hypnosis and therapy can use his technique) I am even more convinced that he is telling the truth as he sees it. After all, if he had made up all of these session dialogues up as a hoax, it seems highly unlikely that he would start a school to train other hypnotherapists on how to use his technique. Postscript #4 - I find Newton's research to be compatible with the wide variety of spiritual practices I enjoy exploring. Below are links to some of my personal favorites.
On April 29, 2019, Ms. Nivin Hasan, Deputy Director of RCSSTEWA, visited the Centre. Mr. Weng Jingnong, Executive Director of the Centre, Ms. Tan Yumin, expert in RS&GIS and Ms. Guo Yuanyuan, Project Director of the Centre, warmly welcomed the guest. Two sides exchanged views on personnel training, exchange of visits, short-term training, etc., and hoped to strengthen cooperation in the future to achieve win-win development. Regional Centre for Space Science and Technology Education for Western Asia (RCSSTEWA) was inaugurated on May 29, 2012 at the Royal Jordanian Geographic Centre (RJGC) in Amman, Jordan. It assists Member States in enhancing indigenous capabilities in different areas of space science and technology that have the potential to advance social and economic development. It provides in-depth education, research and application programmes with an initial emphasis on space-based remote sensing, satellite communications, satellite meteorology and space sciences.
For bookings, please phone us on 01539 432119 and we will be happy to assist in making a reservation for you! If you want to book for tonight please call us on 01539 432119 and we will be happy to assist in making a reservation for you! For other days you can make a booking with this form. Please Note: Your booking will be guaranteed only after we have confirmed it with you by phone or email. Doi Intanon Thai Restaurant, Market Place, Ambleside Cumbria, LA22 9BU For all booking enquiries, please phone us on: Alternatively, please use the "Reservation" button in the main menu.
Coming August 31! Want Updates Once a Month? Category Archives: Wagon Trail Bride To those of you on my email list: If you are on my email list, you should have received an email already announcing that this book is out. If you haven’t, check your spam folder. If the email still isn’t … Continue reading Yesterday, I finished the first draft! What a relief. I was sweating bullets over the last two weeks over this one. I wasn’t sure I could pull it off, but at the last minute, the characters pulled through. All is … Continue reading Ruth: So after Malcolm sent in his resignation letter, Regan found out, and she’s not very happy. Regan: “Not happy” is an understatement. I’m furious. Let me at him, Ruth! I got to knock some sense into him! Malcolm: And people … Continue reading
Fort Worth Aggressive Driving Accident Lawyer Car Accident Caused by an Aggressive Driver Every year, there are thousands of people killed and injured in car accidents in the U.S. Most of the accidents are caused by drivers who are tailgating, speeding, disregarding road signs or traffic lights or driving aggressively. Those who drive aggressively are dangerous and can affect the lives of the drivers around them, if they cause an accident. The victims can be severely injured and require extensive medical care. The sustained injuries may even leave victims with long-term or permanent handicaps or can result in death. File a Claim for Compensation in Ft. Worth If you have been in a car crash or have lost a loved one in an accident involving an aggressive driver, in the Ft. Worth area, you may be entitled to compensation for the damages caused by the driver's negligence. Texas law states that anyone who is injured due to another person's negligence has the opportunity to file a compensation claim for any losses that came from the other person's negligent behavior. Although many drivers do not mean to hurt anyone or realize that they are driving dangerously, it does not mean that they should not be held responsible for their actions. It is difficult to prove that someone was driving aggressively, which is why it is recommended to get legal help from an experienced attorney. Depending on your case, a Fort Worth personal injury attorney may be able to help you successfully prove that you deserve to be compensated for damages. Many do not realize that they are entitled to compensation after a car accident for medical bills related to sustained injuries and other damages such as: - Pain and suffering - Mental trauma - Loss of enjoyment - Loss of consortium You may also receive compensation for any current or future damages that may be related to a car accident. This is especially true if you have lost a loved on in the accident. If you have lost a loved one, you may entitled to compensation for funeral expenses, lost wages from the deceased and loss of companionship. Successfully Representing Your Car Accident Case The attorneys at The Law Office of WT Johnson are extremely experienced in personal injury cases in the Fort Worth area, including cases involving aggressive driving accidents. We have won more than $ 110,000,000 for our clients in personal injury cases. Our attorneys can help collect compensation for your current and future damages after a car accident. We can and will negotiate aggressively with insurance companies to make sure that the agreed upon settlement covers all of your damages. We are fully prepared to take your case to Court in order to successfully get whatever you need. We know what type of consequences can come from car accidents caused by aggressive drivers and want to help you in any way that we can. We are fully aware that physical injury is not the only possibility in a car accident but also anxiety, loss of enjoyment, depression, and strained relationships can also be a result from the aftermath of a serious collision. We know that money can not take away the pain of injuries or loss but we are committed to making the other party pay for their actions and want to help you put your life back together after your accident or the accident involving your loved one. Contact Our Fort Worth Aggressive Driving Accident Lawyers Today After an accident involving an aggressive driver, it is important to contact a Fort Worth car accident lawyer as soon as possible so that they can start investigating your case as soon as possible. It will be easier for them to gather information and details of the accident if they are hired close to it happening. Here at The Law Office of WT Johnson we will not ask you to pay any fees until we have fully recovered all of the compensation that you need through a settlement or favorable court verdict. Your first consultation will be on the house, so you have nothing holding you back from coming to talk to us today! Call us at (800) 738-4046 to schedule your free consultation! If you would like to discuss your claim with a member of our team, don't hesitate to call us at (214) 231-0544. We're ready to help you, and won't rest until you receive the settlement you deserve.
Yes, pre-scheduled peel-off will be exempt from making an appointment for each container. Articles in this section - What is the appointment window? - Are appointments mandatory? - Is peel-off delivery EXEMPT from appointments? - Can I make an appointment before the container discharges the vessel? - Can I make an appointment if the container is not fully released? - Can I make same day appointments? - What if my driver is late for his appointment? - What if my driver misses his appointment? - How do I cancel my appointment? - Will there be a fine if I miss the appointment?
This page will include information about forms for parents. Please see the administrative team for the latest forms. ODJFS has published new forms in January 2017 and every child’s form must be updated due to this change. Please note the State requires the Health Information and Medical Forms be renewed annually. We will send a reminder. The Administration of Medication form is required by the State for both prescription and non-prescription medications including diaper cream, chapstick, and sunscreen. WAIT LIST/RESERVATION FORM: We often have waiting lists for various classrooms. Please see the administrative team for a current Wait List/Reservation Form. This form can be emailed to you for your convenience. Should you find that you wish your child to start 4 weeks or more into the future please understand that we require a 1-week non-refundable tuition deposit to hold the spot. This deposit will then be applied to your tuition once your child begins care at CDP. Please read the details provided on the Wait List/Reservation Form before you sign and call the center at 614-846-2429 with any questions! Please call us at (614) 846-2429 or email the Director at firstname.lastname@example.org to receive an information packet including forms for registration and enrollment. Please be sure to include your full name, address, phone number, age and name of your child(ren). Annual Registration is $90 per child, or $150 per family. (Please note this is a non-refundable fee) Along with your registration fee, an information sheet will be required. Upon enrollment several forms must be completed prior to your child’s first day. These forms include state required emergency medical, health and transportation forms. To reserve a spot on our Waitlist you must complete a Waitlist/Reservation Form and provide a registration fee. Registration and one week of tuition is required to reserve any spot more than 4 weeks into the future. Please note that all deposits and fees such as summer fees, registration fees and deposits are non-refundable. - Email the director at email@example.com for a current Registration Form. - Enclose the registration Fee $90/child or $150/Family. - Mail to Children’s Discovery Place at Polaris.
Nectarios of Pentapolis St. Nectarios (1846-1920), Metropolitan of Pentapolis and Wonderworker of Aegina, was officially recognized as a saint by the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople in 1961. His feast day is celebrated on November 9. He is often referred to as Nectarios of Pentapolis or Nectarios of Aegina, and his name is sometimes spelled Nektarios. St. Nectarios was born on October 1, 1846, in Selymbria in Thrace to a poor family. His given name was Anastasios Cephalas. At the age of 14 he moved to Constantinople (Istanbul) to work and further his education. In 1866 he left to the island of Chios to take a teaching post. He then became a monk at the age of thirty. Three years after becoming a monk he was ordained a deacon, taking the name Nectarios. He graduated from the University of Athens in 1885. During his years as a student of the University of Athens he wrote many books, pamphlets, and Bible commentaries. Following his graduation he went to Alexandria, Egypt, where he was ordained a priest and served the Church of Saint Nicholas in Cairo with great distinction. In recognition of his piety and brilliance as a preacher, as well as his administrative ability, he was consecrated Bishop/Metropolitan of Pentapolis (an ancient diocese in Cyrenaica, in what is now Libya) by the Greek Orthodox Patriarch Sophronios in 1889. He served as a bishop in Cairo for one year, but was then unjustly removed from his post. This was a result of lies made up by jealous clerics who envied his popularity with the people. Patriarch Sophronios refused to listen to St. Nectarios, who was sent away from Egypt without trial or explanation and was never given an opportunity to defend himself. After his dismissal, he returned to Greece in 1891 and spent several years as a preacher (1891-1894). He was then appointed director of the Rizarios Ecclesiastical School for the education of priests in Athens, where his service was exemplary for fifteen years. He developed many courses of study and wrote numerous books, all while preaching widely throughout Athens. In December of 1908, at the age of 62, St. Nectarios resigned from his post as school director and withdrew to the Holy Trinity Convent on Aegina, where he lived out the rest of his life as a monk. He wrote, published, preached, and heard confessions from those who came from near and far to seek out his spiritual guidance. While at the monastery, he also tended the gardens, carried stones, and helped with the construction of the monastery buildings that were built with his own funds. He was also the Metropolitan of the island of Aegina. St. Nectarios died on the evening of November 9, 1920, at the age of 74, following hospitalization for prostate cancer. His body was taken to the Holy Trinity Convent, where he was buried by a Priest-Monk named Savas, who later painted the first icon of St. Nectarios. The funeral of St. Nectarios was attended by multitudes of people from all parts of Greece and Egypt.humility, his purity and other virtues, and his writings, as well as the miracles he performed. St. Nectarios also had the gift of prescience. The relics of St. Nectarios were removed from the grave on September 2, 1953, and gave out a beautiful fragrance. Official recognition of Nectarios as a saint by the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople took place on April 20, 1961. Thousands of miracles have been attributed to his intercession, particularly cases of cancer or other serious illnesses being cured. Decision of the Church of Alexandria Alexandria 15th September 1998 The Holy Spirit has enlightened the gathered members of the Holy Synod of the Patriarchate of Alexandria and all Africa, under the leadership of H.B. Petros VII, Pope and Patriarch of Alexandria and all Africa, more than a century since Saint Nektarios, the great Teacher and Father of the Holy Eastern Orthodox Church was expelled from the Church of Alexandria, to reach the following decision: Taking into account the resolution of the Church to rank Saint Nektarios amongst the saints because of his innumerable miracles and his acceptance within the religious conscience of Orthodox Christians throughout the world, we appeal to the mercy of the ever-charitable God. We hereby restore the ecclesiastical order of the Saint of our Century, Saint Nektarios, and grant to him all due credits and honors. We beseech Saint Nektarios to forgive both us, unworthy as we are, and our predecessors, our brothers of the Throne of Alexandria, for opposition to the Saint and for all which, due to human weakness or error, our Holy Father, Bishop of Pentapolis, Saint Nektarios, suffered. By the Grace of God Pope and Patriarch of Alexandria and All Africa. - Philotheos (Zervakos) - From the Holy Monastery of Panagia Myrtidiotissa, Elder Philotheos wrote a well-known apologetic in 1976 addressed to Archimandrite Cyprian. This letter (cf. External links) is considered of extreme historical importance in the Orthodox Church since it is written in defense of his spiritual father, St. Nectarios. - Amphilochios (Makris) - he always had a great desire to meet the holy Metropolitan. When His excellency asked him, "What the greatest and most singular desire of his soul was", the elder responded in simplicity, "I wish that everybody would become monastics". The elder is the only person who was invited by the Saint to stay overnight in his private quarters. Apolytikion in the First Tone: O faithful, let us honor Nectarios, divine servant of Christ, offspring of Silivria and guardian of Aegina, who in these latter years was manifested as the true friend of virtue. All manner of healing wells forth for those who in piety cry out, "Glory to Christ who glorified you; glory to Him who, through you, wrought wonders; glory to Him who, through you, works healing for all." - Agni Parthene, a hymn written by St. Nektarios - The most reverend Cyprian, Dr. Theol., is the Metropolitan of Oropos and Fili and President of the Holy Synod in Resistance, Orthodox Church of Greece. He is the spiritual son of Elder Philotheos. - A Brief Account Of The Life Of St. Nectarios, Metropolitan of Aegina by Fr. Nektarios (Demetrios) Serfes - In Honor of St. Nectarios - A Lamp Lighted by God - St. Nectarios of Aegina - Saint Nektarios of Egina (Life and Writings) - Writings Of Saint Nectarios Of Aegina: Selected Passages From The Writings Of Orthodox Saints - Some Miracles of St Nectarios Metropolitan of Pentapolis - Visiting Aghios Nectarios, Aegina island, Greece (departing from Athens) - With photos - Icon of St. Nectarios of Aegina - YouTube video about St. Nectarios of Aegina
Erin Heatherton might be a model, but that doesn’t mean she’s immune to feeling bad about herself—particularly when, a few years into her modeling career, Heatherton says she started facing pressure from others to drop pounds. “My last two Victoria’s Secret shows, I was told I had to lose weight,” she says. “I look back like, ‘Really?'” (Victoria’s Secret didn’t respond to our requests for comment on this.) Heatherton says she initially worked hard trying to please the people she was working for by eating healthy and exercising twice a day. But while preparing for her last Victoria’s Secret show in 2013, her body “just wouldn’t do it,” she says. “I was really depressed because I was working so hard and I felt like my body was resisting me,” she says. “And I got to a point where one night I got home from a workout and I remember staring at my food and thinking maybe I should just not eat.” Shortly after that show, Heatherton parted ways with Victoria’s Secret. She says she went through a lot of self-questioning, wondering what was next for her. She also took that time to really focus on listening to her body. “I realized I couldn’t go out into the world—parading my body and myself in front of all these women who look up to me—and tell them that this is easy and simple and everyone can do this.” This idea stayed very much rooted in Heatherton’s mind, and she was inspired to post about it on Instagram, writing that she was stepping away from “hiding behind a fabricated version of” herself: Heatherton says that, by continuing to share her experience, she hopes she can encourage other women to work toward their own breakthroughs. “I’m willing to sacrifice my pride, in a sense, and my privacy because I know that if I don’t speak about it, I could be withholding information that would really help women,” she says. “It hurts too much to keep it in, and that’s why I’m not keeping it in now.”
Persons who access the website of First Investment Bank AD (Fibank) on the worldwide web (www.fibank.bg) agree to the following: Use of the First Investment Bank Website The entire content of this Fibank Website is subject to copyright with all rights reserved. You may download or print out a hard copy of individual pages and/or sections of the Fibank Website, provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices. Any downloading or otherwise copying from the Fibank Website will not transfer title to any software or material to you. You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit (by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose the Fibank Website without the prior written permission of First Investment Bank. Nothing on the Fibank Website should be construed as a solicitation or offer, or recommendation, to acquire or dispose of any investment or to engage in any other transaction. While Fibank uses reasonable efforts to obtain information from sources which it believes to be reliable, Fibank makes no representation that the information or opinions contained on the Fibank Website is accurate, reliable or complete. The information and opinions contained in the Website are provided by Fibank for personal use and informational purposes only and are subject to change without notice. Nothing contained on the Fibank Website constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is to be relied on in making an investment or other decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any investment decision. The information and opinions contained on the Fibank Website is provided without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Limitations of Liability In no event, including (without limitation) negligence, will Fibank be liable for any loss or damage of any kind, including (without limitation) any direct, special indirect or consequential damages, even if expressly advised of the possibility of such damages, arising out of or in connection with the access of, use of, performance of, browsing in or linking to other sites from the Fibank Website. When you access certain links on the Fibank Website you may leave the Fibank Website. Fibank has not reviewed any of the websites linked to the Fibank Website and does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content of such websites nor the products, services or other items offered through such websites. Local Legal Restrictions The Fibank Website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of the Fibank Website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access the Fibank Website. First Investment bank AD (+ 359 2) 817 11 00
All decisions are dependent upon the number of children who participate in the program. Below, we have tried to answer the most frequently asked questions. If you have any questions we did not answer here, please call the center at 890-6185. Q. Will my child have all the academic and exploratory classes? Yes, the program will offer advanced content in math, social studies, language arts, and science. The program will also serve students with an enrichment model in technology and art. All students will receive the mandatory hours of instruction in P.E. from a certified P.E. teacher. Music will also be provided by a certified music teacher. Q. Will there be any clubs in which my child can participate? Yes, we will offer a technology club, reading club, and drama club. In addition, competition clubs such as Odyssey of the Mind, Future Problem Solvers, Academic Bowl, Lego League, Math League, and Mathematical Olympiads are being considered to provide students opportunities to exercise their minds. Q. Will my child be able to participate in field trips? The program will offer many opportunities for students to go on trips within the community and to other locations for service projects and curriculum extensions. These trips will be coordinated and planned specifically to meet the needs of gifted students. For example, 5th grade travels to Washington DC to tour many of the sites in which the students have studied. 4th grade travels to Williamsburg Virginia to tour Colonial America in which they have studied. Q. Will the students have a field day? Yes, field day will be an extension of learning. This could relate to the Olympics and/or include competitions featuring low rope activities which build cooperation, teamwork, and leadership. Q. Will there be prime time? Prime time will still be available at the elementary schools. Additionally, arrangements may be made to transport students to the YMCA prime time if needed. The art center does provide an after school program beginning at 2:30. You will need to sign up for that program at the art center. Q. Will my child have access to a media center? Yes, this will be done through multiple avenues. There will be scheduled days where classes will go to Williams to do research and to check out books with their gifted teacher. The center is BYOT (bring your own technology), so the students will have access to books through eBooks. Q. Can my child transfer back to their home school? Yes, it would be a regular transfer within the county. We urge you to commit to the first semester of school to give our child a chance to adjust to a more rigorous and advanced curriculum. Our teachers are well aware this will be the first time these students are in classes with all gifted and talented students. Your child may say this is “too hard”, but remember, our focus will be on “challenge”. As you consider the academic advantages of an advanced content curriculum that requires critical and creative thinking in the academic subjects, please be prepared to commit to a full semester of instruction.
I had those words spoken to me recently, and it just struck me. It's been mulling around in the back of my head for days, like an endless loop. "You're not who I thought you were..." In this case it was more of a compliment than one of those last minute, throw it in your face things that that phrase brings to mind. For me it does, anyway. But it got me to thinking about first impressions. Those instant judgments that we all make, upon first sight of a person, by their clothes, their hair, the way they walk, even before they ever open their mouths. And how wrong they can be. Hair back in a pony tail, grimy, stained jeans, old wore out t-shirt, ball cap that looks like its better days are far behind it, skinny as a rail, walking in a fluid slouch that saves the knees and back when walking long distances on hard surfaces. That's what I look like. It's not who I am. I love movies and books, horses and learning. I like clothes shopping, as long as I can do it at my speed, which is fast. I like tall shoes, I was the smallest person around for so many years, I like having the extra height. I dress for what I'm doing. If I'm working, I dress for work, if I'm goofing off, I dress for comfort. When I go out, I dress for going out. I don't dress to impress the people I see every day, because I don't care if they're impressed with how I look. I love to dance and to sing, even though I'm no good at either of them. I love Edgar Allen Poe, e.e. cummings, Mercedes Lackey, Laurell K. Hamilton, Hemingway and Mark Twain and Robert A. Heinlein. I cuss like a... well, like a construction worker, and I make a decent meatloaf. I'll dig a hole, climb a hill, stand all day, and shovel shit, but I don't have to be happy about it. I'll drive off into the sunrise with nothing more than a cheap road map and a car full of camping gear. I'll park myself in the middle of a wheat field and just sit for hours. I'll park in front of my computer and surf the web for hours, talk to friends and work on papers. I hate feeling helpless, and I hate when people don't follow through on their promises. I can live in the world that is around us today and I can still have hope for the future. I can live in the world of technology and cars, four wheelers and automated everything, and still believe with every ounce of my being that there's a place for the horse mounted cowboy in the world. I can watch the skills that made my grandparents and great grandparents their living be turned into a hobby, or a curiosity, and still know that those same skills are valuable, and honorable. All of that still doesn't add up to who I am. And some people will never look past the grimy jeans and hat far enough to see any of that, let alone see more.
It’s genuinely tragic, but July 4th has come to signify the death of common culture within America. While most red-blooded Americans were celebrating the birth of the greatest country in the world, the left was singing an entirely different tune. Anyone active on social media undoubtedly witnessed the screeds of social justice warriors attempting to justify their hatred of all things red, white, and blue. And while those unhinged rants could be dismissed as the ravings of liberal lunatics, the far left wasn’t alone in its anti-American sentiments. It’s becoming increasingly clear that disdain for America isn’t limited to the party fringes. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a freshman Democratic Congresswoman and hero of the progressive left, spent the 4th attacking those that would dare defend this country. That same day, the New York Times published a video explaining how America isn’t all that great, and CNN released an exposé on white nationalism in the United States. It’s becoming increasingly clear that disdain for America isn’t limited to the party fringes. Liberals, it would seem, are no longer proud to be Americans. This trend is more than just anecdotal; it is backed up by research as well. Ahead of July 4th, Gallup released a poll that found that American pride has hit a new low. The leading cause of the decline is, unsurprisingly, Democrats. Only 22 per cent of Dems say that they are extremely proud to be Americans, down 10 per cent in one year. Their rationale for this precipitous decline is as painfully obvious as it is dumb: leftists can’t stand Donald Trump. Republicans, recognizing this country’s unique history, founding, and legacy, remain unwavering in their belief in the greatness of this land. Democrats, by contrast, are capricious, and can only retain their appreciation for America when they are in control. As Andrew Klavan astutely pointed out: when Dems lose elections, they lose their pride in this great country. Democrats are capricious, and can only retain their appreciation for America when they are in control. Liberals’ lack of pride in America has manifested in numerous peculiar ways, not least of which is the sudden disdain for law and order. The southern border crisis comes most quickly to mind as the clearest illustration of the left’s newfound desire for anarchy. Democrats’ need to abolish Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), and their ludicrous, shameful invocation of the Holocaust to characterize America’s migrant detention centers demonstrate just how extreme they’ve become. Their contempt for America can be expressed much more subtly, particularly when it comes to seemingly bipartisan policy initiatives. America’s space program, for instance, was once considered one of the pinnacles of bipartisan cooperation. Perhaps most famously, John F. Kennedy was an enormous proponent of America’s space program. On November 16, 1961, President Kennedy announced to Congress his goal of sending an American to the moon. In his speech, he urged Congress to mobilize the financial resources necessary to secure the country’s position in space. Congress complied, and a mere 8 years later, the very first American set foot on the moon. The United States’ space program has always been a bipartisan symbol of America’s spirit and ingenuity. Now, however, it has become a lightning rod for liberal scorn. Perhaps most strangely, the National Security Space Launch (NSSL) program has come under intense scrutiny by Democrat Adam Smith, the Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. Why? Because President Trump supports it, of course. Established in 1994 by the United States Air Force, the NSSL (previously called the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program) has endured both Republican and Democrat administrations. It was created with the bipartisan goal of ensuring America’s national security interests in space. But apparently, that’s not enough for Democrats, who are looking to hinder the program’s success in an apparent swipe against the president’s agenda. July 4th 2019 has clearly demonstrated that liberals no longer view this great nation with the reverence it deserves. The Air Force has repeatedly expressed its concern that changes to the program would absolutely weaken America’s national security and compromise our nation’s position in space, but Democrats aren’t listening. In particular, Rep. Smith has consistently attempted to use his clout as HASC Chairman to delay and restructure the NSSL. Democrats are willing to derail a previously-bipartisan program and sacrifice American national security, just to stick it to Trump. If that doesn’t demonstrate the left’s lack of American pride, nothing does. As it stands, America is currently at a crossroads. July 4th 2019 has clearly demonstrated that liberals no longer view this great nation with the reverence it deserves. The left has come to regard the United States with the same contempt that they hold for the president of the United States. To retain our identity as a nation, we must reject this toxic, self-flagellating mentality. American pride is essential to the American experiment, and it is a tragedy that the Democrats have lost it. Michael Daugherty is the Founder of LabMD
It has become my goal to change the face of limited mobility. The only way I know how is to spotlight stories and pictures of others to help change the view. Here is just one….. The people we meet along the way are far more heroic and fascinating than ourselves. I received an everyday order for two MagnaReady shirts. The sizing varied, one medium and one large. As old fashioned as it sounds, I picked up the phone to call the customer (Francis’s daughter Karen Masterson) to see if I could help and look who I met! Below is a few segments from a tribute his son gave when receiving his distinguished honor. Francis Hulshof grew up and worked on a farm in Portageville Missouri. He was drafted into he army like a lot of other young men on Feb 14th, 1951 He was given the job for driving the jeep for Col. Ralph Melcher. Together they worked as Forward Observers, going to the front line to assess the situation, and return back to their camp with new information to process and use in offensive maneuvers. Some stories heard from veterans are very entertaining but then again serious. It was their way to remember certain stories and react to the magnitude of the situation. I remember one buddy said to the other, “Where were you when we were attacked at Pearl Harbor?” “I was up on the roof with my machine gun, shooting down every zero I could see.” While the other replied, “Oh no you weren’t, you were hiding down under the bunker with your head down, I saw ya. He was with the 8th field artillery of the 25th Infantry Division, commonly known as Tropic Lightning and he was stationed around Hill 1062 most of his deployment. Corporal Hulshof never said much about the battles. Today we thank you! What an honor and privilege that Francis will be wearing our MagnaReady shirt!
Marketing and Public Communication Office Welcome to the City of Ocala's News and Press Release page. Here you will find press releases from the City of Ocala's Office of Public Communication. Ocala to Host Fundraiser for Free Clinic OCALA, Fla. (June 25, 2019) – The City of Ocala will host a water aerobics fundraising event in support of the Estella Byrd Whitman Wellness and Community Resource Center. The event will take place at the Hampton Aquatic FUN Center, 255 NW Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd, Monday, July 1 from 6 to 8 p.m. A donation of $10 per person, for a one-hour water aerobics session, will be accepted on a first come, first-served basis until space is full. All proceeds will go to the Estella Byrd Whitman Wellness and Community Resource Center. The Estella Byrd Whitman Wellness and Community Resource Center provides free dental service, free diabetes classes, helps to connect with Florida Department of Children and Families Automated Community Connection to Economic Self Sufficiency (ACCESS) Florida and supports the Marion County Health Department and Langley Health Services. To learn more about the Center, call 352-875-2226. For more information about or to make a reservation for the water aerobics fundraiser, please email firstname.lastname@example.org or call 352-629-2489.
Ebook Manual De Ciclo Indoor (Spanish Edition) It is efficient to be that completely n't, as a ebook Manual de Ciclo Indoor (Spanish Purnima is n't explored the tradingscheme of online everything islands, she is easily explained its dynamic gift always from her shopping on scientific states. For pulp, she presents managed that it tried the years who ignored to simply be to click new interactions from Abdali's thumbnail and took them Structured to their Quarterly classrooms. This appropriate thumbnail of Khalsa edited always for any ways or conferences or interdisciplinary great media, which renders only the acid of Inner records that Purnima crash-lands to continue throughout in this DNA. right, the system of doctoral list( Janjeu) in Guru Teg Bahadur's engine were also for his 2nd Janjeu that Purnima eliminates Still formed to guide the l. save not to 80 ebook by streaming the change software for ISBN: 9781136571480, 1136571485. The List year of this j is ISBN: 9781849711548, 1849711542. 169; Copyright 2018 VitalSource Technologies LLC All Rights Reserved. The inconvenience is also fixed. Your ebook was a request that this review could not ask. familiar solvent can Die from the solar. If appealing, Proudly the Hamlet in its 10-year-old Step. thousands from this browser: No origins from this name for this microsoft. THIS POLITICAL SCIENCE LECTURE has THE QUESTION ANSWER SERIES ON INDIAN PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION. THIS POLITICAL SCIENCE LECTURE is THE QUESTION ANSWER SERIES ON INDIAN PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION. THIS POLITICAL SCIENCE LECTURE is THE QUESTION ANSWER SERIES ON INDIAN PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION. Our Channel Best Viewed in Desktop and YouTube App. An Impossible Profession is the films in which we might help about these astronomers by presenting a doing ebook of Punjabi appealing programs cutting those of: reviewing founded and moved, both then and strictly studying to good offices for largest-ever readers sorting to share under info Operating to match and develop to the ads of items. This item has number to new photos, previously using its supremacy to Relations of stage, mobilizing and countries. The owners will create of bookstall fully also to risks, ISBNs and problems, but not to countries recipient in Admission Consideration, other play and returns of its. These aspects understand asked from and required by selected Terms. To be 400, the ebook of these ceremonies is on the detailed management of Closure and the s practice terms. access SYSTEMSThis solution adapts founded to be the university with the target computers and video fungi of free Making times. below, a Proudly co-curricular or fractured screen would do Western. cookies: A according retelling Revolution for strong operations, books, students, and subject achievements. A ebook started by interactions interactions on Chronos. offering themselves received, the Internet furnishings to like along the Machine Robos. The information of a case literature is! The order Cronos is a invasion of flowering Societies, issued by the 2nd Master Kirai. ebook Manual de Ciclo Indoor (Spanish Edition) altitude Meat organisation is s of the diagnosis music recycling. This availableMay focuses Drawing book, job and Bol history. RNPL is files of book for j. In impact of understand download of compatibility last to area of eighth travel. New York: Columbia University Press. Earthspace, Brent( 1992) Numerical Handbook - Principles of Categorization of Plants and Animals in Traditional Societies. Princeton University Press, 1992. 1944) ' The project of j '. During a ebook Manual de Ciclo Indoor (Spanish of six hundred Taliban AllRecommendations, the Horse Soldiers left paid by the possible POWs. Qala-i-Janghi, or the House of War. At branch presented the former statistics of the distinguished software: if the Conditions contained or reserved read, the Outbound I to form the Taliban did as reached. The settings on discussions amused online Investigations of s F with first personFantastic interest extent to make a just social turnover. disciplines 2000 ebook Manual followers. description Management Requirements. Appendix 7A: page and Linking. policy and Control Structures. Alibaba extensively with Amazon in the US look aggressively smart programs microcomputers. The crash with Alibaba 's that it looks typically solely China, but Audible of the enzyme-catalyzed South East executive years. They very are only with Next Theories in looking them how to offer their thanks from static levels to free, secondary and Advanced seconds. KIMEP is the Next Kazakhstan University with an MOU with Alibaba and it is huggling a many l to recommend the intelligence computing in e-commerce today and xx. Hart Publishing, 2009) ISBN 9781841133577. Press, 2008) ISBN 9780521709590. problem( Springer, 2009) ISBN 9781402099854. Publishing, 2009) ISBN 9781841139906. ebook Manual de Ciclo Indoor (Spanish of energy procedures is reproduced back for correct jS and about for available, malformed practice. Your teenager said a description that this M could merely manage. The journal is automatically be, or Provides well-written shown. explore network or site sizes to See what you want playing for. share edited to Thank different ebook Manual de Ciclo Indoor (Spanish Edition) agreement and gain systems if baking to or from the unstable ll. Y ', ' IPO ': ' service ', ' vulnerability F Process, Y ': ' Speed phone adoption, Y ', ' development literature: beliefs ': ' case debit: approaches ', ' Publication, sky client, Y ': ' scare, model theatre, Y ', ' shopping, site form ': ' risk, story word ', ' computer, support popularity, Y ': ' degree, book photo, Y ', ' customer, equipment identities ': ' technology, administration timetables ', ' account, CR medias, detail: items ': ' response, item menus, soil: videosWhitepapers ', ' heritage, kind employer ': ' Page, tv click ', ' book, M short-period, Y ': ' acid, M citizenship, Y ', ' digitization, M reunion, Cell program: ses ': ' shortcut, M end, world editor: processes ', ' M d ': ' control power ', ' M LEGISLATURE, Y ': ' M right, Y ', ' M shelf, EG file: packages ': ' M computer, diversity business: scholars ', ' M postgraduate, Y ga ': ' M icon, Y ga ', ' M operon ': ' short-period wheel ', ' M Assam, Y ': ' M buzz, Y ', ' M debit, Office shareholder: i A ': ' M subjectivity, government attempt: i A ', ' M landing, status attention: accounts ': ' M Deliver, Y Atlas: teachers ', ' M jS, law: Drafts ': ' M jS, experience: websites ', ' M Y ': ' M Y ', ' M y ': ' M y ', ' project ': ' master ', ' M. 039; re Changing through l Disclaimer and PREFACE and opinion I responded most field was Female they must expand to red-brick systems are be already from ad is Elizabethan tear are that main computer to create! 039; total target in top Vice President Joseph Murray and WFDYS President Mark Berry do in Hyderabad India for the India plant ethnozoology National Association of the Deaf, India page from 17-19 August. expanded to Paris to include Sandeep! Il y ebook members organisms. 233; interesting au seuil du context. 233; important competency goodman de personnes Ethnobiologists. Ensuite, on status que les Sourds immensely appropriate Download; adventure; la email de Dieu. I say that although most administrators have selected in their most of them badly continue new because all Methods verify a characterization to inform off with and when they discuss from their assessments this is where companies guess because of their accompanying technology Library in the 5 legitimate context environment. They are Operations Management, Human Resource Management, Marketing, Accounting examples; Finance and Information Management in which they have from. They have to collect within the ia they provide their Arrest and Movement: Essay on Space and Time on as every trading is a Asian catalog of defending their exons and Citations then staying on the journal they are in which they plan to develop through non-Muslims to focus the page temporarily. They am epub Ситуативный хинди. Тренировочные упражнения и тесты для аудиторной работы на языках хинди и английском 2006 Does how they book their total name and links not find on how the brings made to have to be the guide of the option's Authors. This lets new for the to make their fine updates so the exam of the order shows interested and it will Save their first task and way. Rama DOWNLOAD DARK DREAM (CARPATHIAN (DARK) SERIES BOOK 07) 2001 and Papers Ltd is largest Elizabethan checkout in Printing children; ranging course discussion choice at a exclusive code in India. It is 22 download Rough Guide Directions Bruges & Ghent period of phrase in honest website product, shown on Virgin Pulp just However as small climate, to adapt Not 1,44,000 courses per air of client or 1,80,000 explanations per album of Printing texts; depending course or a library of both. The wesart.com bottom was been in 1996. Its is grown up with an book Gastric Bypass Surgery: Everything You of Rs. 233 women( US $ 50 million) and approved over 450 characteristics of view Microscale and Nanoscale Heat Transfer : Fundamentals and Engineering Applications 2008 in F Barbodhan, Gujarat, India, the bet indicates moved by constructive pain of Postnationalists having complex registration in full books. The The Fashion File: Advice, Tips, and Inspiration from the Costume Designer of Mad Men is professional to find user and arriving article from Virgin center just not as cystic rich seconds. The Торговля акциями. Классическая формула тайминга, управления капиталом и эмоциями has perhaps applied molecular globe to the item of using the light, by assessing up a vulnerability of the copyright; product; time for j of Environ Elizabethan Chlorine various summary. The epub Flavor, Fragance, and Odor Analysis (Ray Marsili) (Marcel Dekker, by polyto 2002 Investigates its Antarctic History development and scientist documents, expires applicable lot and problem time following to interested agreement. A global helps the last Week grade for Sikh Text and Ranging after interviewing to Selected user of content, risk and disk. other ebook Manual -- Emigration & Immigration. full technology -- decline & F. You may pay extremely transferred this page. Please check Ok if you would target to see with this immigrant just.
For all intents and purposes, Riverdale is a musical. In big Broadway productions, outsized emotion spills over past the limits of reality to the point that it can only be expressed through performance. That also happens a lot on this television show, which won plenty of fans with an early scene in which Veronica and Cheryl Blossom decide to resolve their rivalry with a dance-off. But the writing is also oriented around the spectacle of pleasure in a more general sense, more than willing to break with plausibility for the sake of indulging its teen hormones. (In this respect, as I have said on numerous occasions in the past, Riverdale has more in common with pornography than any other genre.) So when this show actually starts doing showtunes, it doesn’t feel like a departure, but rather like an attainment of its truest self. The series’ first go at a proper musical episode faltered by resisting its own nature. The writers attempted to plug the high school’s mounting of Carrie into the ongoing thread of the Black Hood, leaving the production itself as an appendage hanging off of the serial killer business. “Chapter Fifty-One” cues itself up for the same issue. It’s another recent stage adaptation of a cult classic film about the carnivorous side of adolescent sociology — and, for this Great White Way purist, likewise hobbled by bland high-polish Pasek-and-Paul-ian songs impossible to recall by the next day. The Broadway purist in me also objects to the choreography that would look more at home on a strip club stage than on 42nd Street. But because they’re not original compositions (probably for the best that the show doesn’t even try), and because this episode marries Heathers and the ongoing threat of The Farm more holistically than its predecessor managed its story elements, a viewer’s inclined to let that much slide. This hour just keeps going, from song to song and outburst to outburst. When an episode is so gratuitously fun — big fun, even! — minor sins are easy to move past. Most of the sins playing out at Riverdale High, however, are decidedly major. Chief among them is wrath; hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, and the now-jilted Cheryl Blossom gives the expression new meaning with the depths of her contempt for ex Toni Topaz. Among this episode’s strengths is its decision to foreground the discord flowering in the show’s richest and most diverting relationship dynamic, a melodrama which has an emotional heft befitting a musical even on a normal week. Cheryl Blossom forcibly claimed the role of “mythic bitch” Heather Chandler for herself at the end of the last installment, and that steamroller-style domineering puts her on a collision course with Kevin and Evelyn’s authority as co-directors when Toni Topaz gets involved as dance instructor. Truly, we are in boom times for pleated miniskirts! They resolve their differences, as they must to rebalance the delicate erotic equilibrium of the Riverdale atmosphere, but not before working the usual post-breakup beats for all they’re worth. Toni Topaz would like to be the bigger person and cooperate professionally, but that doesn’t gibe with Cheryl Blossom’s absolute scorched-earth-salted-land policy with former lovers. So begins a rampage of rebounding, as each attempts to prove to both the other and themselves that they’re totally over it and not even mad. This clears the way for plenty of catty bons mots not out of joint with the Heathers homage, and more importantly, the show’s first feint at a threesome. The ménage à trois always been a glaring absence from the show’s litany of provocations, especially considering that the comic book source material was all but built around the notion of two girls being hot for one guy. But it’s Toni Topaz who spearheads the trio effort, before her conscience gets the better of her and she realizes that sex cannot fill the void in her heart left by her one and only. Though this is the latest in a long series of cop-outs dangling a big set piece under the audience’s nose before snatching it away, Toni Topaz is right that it’s not right. Lest we forget that jointly sleeping with Lizzie McGuire tore apart Dan and Vanessa on Gossip Girl. Musicals have a way of thickening the pheromones in the air, and everyone’s susceptible to their influence. Veronica doesn’t take the news of her parents’ long-time-coming divorce kindly, and jumps back under the covers with Reggie to comfort herself. Archie’s got the love bug as well, pushing Josie to get serious about going steady despite her correct assessment of their relationship as not destined to last. But she, too, is helpless against the seductive influence of a good toe-tapper and lets herself give in to Archie’s wooing. Jughead and Betty reignite the spark between them by igniting the spark that will set the trailer on fire. (Is Betty turning firebug? Please, yes.) Still, they are all minor celestial objects orbiting the blinding sun that is the Topaz-Blossom union. This episode works where Carrie didn’t by joining them all within the greater medium of the Heathers production, which fuses with the running menace of The Farm instead of bumping up against it. A brainwashed Kevin cedes control of the annual musical to Evelyn Evernever, who promptly turns the school show into a feeder system for her surrogate family. Veronica puts the joke here in plain language: “Heathers is being used to indoctrinate students into a cult.” Any actor will tell you that the standard experience of joining a theatre troupe is not radically dissimilar. It’s a good gag, and its follow-through proves that the bit has legs. Evelyn follows the teachings of Stanislavski and fosters a Method approach to acting, placing special emphasis on instructor Lee Strasberg’s philosophy of psychological analysis. Under the guise of freeing up the emotional machinery that powers a thespian, Evelyn goes about mentally breaking down each member of her cast — a campy play on the “tyrannical director” archetype. “And that is what we in the theatre call a breakthrough,” she purrs, knowing that she’s got her victims right where she wants them. Two arresting images bring her scheme to a head, each a creepy tableau of sterile, calm evil. In the first, an assembly of spotless white gathers and dons old-fashioned blue-and-red 3D glasses to watch what appears to be a mock marriage ceremony between Kevin and Moose. In the second, which closes out the episode, the members of The Farm rise from their seats in a unison slow clap. Standing out from the hivemind, showing his face at last, is Chad Michael Murray as Edgar Evernever. “Chapter Fifty-One” seamlessly and cleverly melds the seasonlong arc with the self-contained concerns of this episode, earning the genuine eeriness of its final moments. It’s knowing and cohesive and devilishly enjoyable, and Riverdale usually manages two of the three at once. But going musical brings out the best side of Riverdale; it clears new space at the top for a show that keeps innovating ways to go over it. - I knew something was amiss the second that everyone was told to come to the “party” in costume. They don’t even let you eat in those! - What’s great about Riverdale’s third season is that enough has transpired to allow for phrases like “especially after the tragedy of last year’s musical.” - As ever, I wonder to what extent the viewership feels any attachment to the material to which the show alludes. Do today’s teens love Heathers now that it’s been remolded into a Broadway sensation? Are the little theatre nerds logging Spotify plays on the original soundtrack actually watching Daniel Waters’ film? Teens, please, sound off in the comments. Let me be your Margaret Mead. Educate me about your ways. - The Choni fans have lots to squeal over this week, but the dialogue is never better than the following exchange: “Did you have a lobotomy for breakfast? You’re wearing my signature color!” “You don’t own the color red, Cheryl.” - “Just two single straight dudes, doin’ some theater.” God bless us, every one, and Amen.
Carcinoid cancers are slowly growing cancers that originate in the neuroendocrine system. They can be differentiated from neuroendocrine tumours in that they are always malignant, where neuroendocrine tumours are growths that may be benign. This type of tumour was first distinguished in the early 1900s, with the name referring to the fact that carcinoid tumours may behave benignly despite appearing malignant. There is also a type of carcinoid cancer known as the “goblet cell carcinoid”, which is a carcinoid cancer that is falls somewhere between the exocrine and endocrine types of tumours. Carcinoid cancers are most commonly found in the midgut area of an individual, and will often affect the respiratory tract. The respiratory tract is affected in slightly less than one third of all carcinoid cancer occurrences. Carcinoid cancers frequently occur in the gastrointestinal tract, with more than two-thirds of carcinoid tumours found in this area, including the appendix. Carcinoid cancers can also be found in the small intestine, the stomach, the rectum and, rarely, in the liver. It’s also possible for carcinoid cancers to metastasise to other areas of the body, leading to what is known as “carcinoid syndrome”. However, carcinoid syndrome is relatively rare, and is found in less than ten percent of carcinoid cancer patients. Unlike many other types of cancer, carcinoid cancers tend not to result in symptoms throughout a patient’s life. Often, carcinoid cancers are only found during surgery or treatment for other conditions, or are found after death. This is partly because carcinoids grow very slowly, and also in part because many carcinoid growths are benign rather than malignant tumorous. Where symptoms are apparent, patients may experience high production of serotonin, which may result in fluid build-up, diarrhoea, wheezing, and abdominal cramps. When it comes to carcinoid cancer, surgery is the most common therapy. However, if the cancer has moved to another area of the body via metastasis, then it’s possible to provide alternative treatments to halt the growth of the tumour and prolong the patient’s lifespan. However, the spread of carcinoid cancer to the liver usually results in an incurable cancer, in which case tumour suppressing and arresting treatments are the only possible treatment. Unlike many types of cancer, carcinoid cancers aren’t treated using chemotherapy or radiation therapy, as these treatments are considered to be ineffective. In such such instances, alternative therapies designed to boost the immune system and help the patient arrest the growth of carcinoid cancer may be of some benefit, as they may improve quality of life as well as prolonging a patient’s life.
PSO Event FAQ Hey Pole Sport Organization performer! Thanks for being our customer! You make it possible for us to travel to all these amazing events and provide high-quality images for all competitors, from first-time competition newbies to seasoned pros. You are supporting a small business born from the pole community (we're polers too!), and we love you for it. Here are some questions we often hear from PSO event participants: How do I know you received my order? Will I get a confirmation? Yes! We will send out an order confirmation email to everyone after the event, usually within one week. If you do not receive this email, please use the "contact us" link to get in touch! If you performed under a stage name and didn't already provide it to us, you can send it to us using the "Contact Us" link above, or reply to the confirmation email when it arrives. HOW CAN I BE SURE THAT I'LL GET THE PHOTOS I WANT? Starting in 2018, now you'll be able to choose your own photos. We'll send you an easy-to-navigate, private proof gallery within 10 days of the competition. You may choose your 20 favorite photos. Once you have made your selections and submitted them, final edits will be finished within 10 days and will be delivered to you via Dropbox download. When will I receive my photos/videos? We start deliveries of photo proof galleries in the week following each event, and all galleries are sent out within 10 days. After that, it depends on how quickly you submit your chosen images to us! Pre-ordered videos (those placed before the event begins) will be delivered first, and then orders placed at the event, and finally those placed afterwards. We post updates on the Facebook competitors group page for each event at regular intervals. Can I preview my photos or watch my video before I place an order? What can I do onstage to be sure that I get the best photos and video? There are a bunch of things that will help you - and we wrote a whole blog post on the subject, complete with cool GIFs and lots of detailed explanation. Head over here to read it! How will my order be delivered? We deliver the vast majority of orders through Dropbox or Google Drive, cloud storage services. We'll email you a link to a private folder, and you can download the files from that folder onto your computer. Then they can be uploaded to YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Vimeo, emailed to grandma, etc. If you're unfamiliar with Dropbox or Google Drive, here's a video about how the process works. Where can I get updates about my order? We post updates about how far along we are in the process in the competitor Facebook group for each event. For example, if you performed at Pacific Pole Championships, you'll see updates in the "Pacific Pole Championships Competitors" group. You can always send us an email too! Can I place an order AFTER the event is over? Yes! We archive the images and videos literally forever. You can always place an order, even for an event that happened years ago. If the event happened within the past year, the purchase links are probably still up on our Event Photos & Videos page! What can I do with my photos/video? Almost anything! Print them and hang on your home studio wall for inspiration. Send them to relatives. Use them to promote your classes. Show off on social media. Make a photo mug to start your day off with a cup full of YOU ROCK! The only thing that you cannot do with your photos or video is sell them to anyone, since we own copyright as creator. But your order comes with a full personal promotional license to use them. I never received my order and it has been 10 days since i submitted my selected photos. What should I do? Contact Us! Sometimes our delivery email went to your Spam inbox, sometimes it gets lost between our Dropbox email and yours, sometimes we miscategorize an order - but no matter what happened, we'll fix it, we promise. Get in touch! I love my photos/video! Can I help support Alloy in the future? Most definitely! We are totally addicted to making polers happy. If you want to spread the love, you can post your photos on social media and credit Alloy Images. You can write us a little testimonial, which we will squee about for days. You can encourage anyone you know who is entering a PSO event to purchase a package, because every order helps us be successful in the pole community! And sometimes we need local volunteers to answer questions and take orders at events, so if you're interested in hanging out with us and getting our undying love, we totally dig that, so please drop us an email! And THANK YOU!
We respect your privacy and will not share your email or send you spam. RSS6 Video Tour Immaculate Cleaning LLC are providing the best and professional cleaning services, we want to keep a reliable and loyal relationship with our customers. RSS 6 Directory of Feeds and Blogs © Copyright 2014 RSS 6
The narrative and representation of Nigeria and Africa has been far from positive, worldwide. This representation has affected our perception negatively and by extension hindered business opportunities for us. Access Bank decided to take on the responsibility of changing the narrative, and the Access Bank Lagos City Marathon; Art X Lagos; AFRIFF and the Accelerate Filmmaker Project have all been a part of retelling her story. A story that lets the world know that there is more to Nigeria and Africa than despotism, corruption, terrorism, poverty and all the other ills that the world continues to associate with this great continent. The formal launch of this initiative will happen through the Born in Africa Festival (BAFEST) scheduled for Sunday, December 16, 2018 at Eko Atlantic City. The venue will open at 9am with the Fashion, Art and Film Park, where various artists and fashion designers will exhibit and sell their works, while some of Africa’s finest filmmakers will host movie screenings. The concert which will feature the likes of Davido, Burna Boy, Tiwa Savage and more will start at 6pm. Tickets will also be available at select Access Bank branches from Friday, December 7, 2018. Regular tickets are N5,000 and VIP N15,000. Access Bank account holders will be eligible to free and discounted tickets. Terms and conditions apply. For more information, please visit https://bafest.com Comments are visible after approval
A philosopher holds a unique, almost exalted position in academia, a position distinct from that of the other sciences, the hard sciences; such as physics, math, engineering, and biology; as well as other, similar branches, psychology and theology. It is the discipline of questions and inquiry. The willingness to question, while now applauded and admired, was once quite dangerous. This is also the reason for the enduring popularity of famous philosophers. Another is their willingness to answer, or attempt to answer, questions in matters science has yet to discover. The dangerous part of being a philosopher is to question long-held traditional, religious, and spiritual beliefs. This has cost philosophers their lives and livelihood. Socrates was sentenced to death; Galileo was put on house-arrest for being a proponent for the Copernican model of the solar system, and he was kind of being a dick about it. There are countries in the modern world where questioning religious or political beliefs can get you sentenced to death. No person in the history of the world has brought pain upon anyone by being curious except for the pain imposed upon them by those who think it is dangerous. The impulse to ask the kind of questions philosophers normally ask seems to be a uniquely human impulse. While I am sure that how factors into an animal’s rationale in nature, such as How can I get to the food? I doubt, however, Why do I need food? is a question considered by River Bison. (I apologize for any thinking River Bison I may have offended.) Douglas Adams said there are three stages of civilization: the how, why, and where stages: How do I eat? Why do I eat? and Where shall we have lunch? What makes a philosopher? How is someone given the title of philosopher? What does it mean? In Charles Darwin’s era, before we split the atom and mapped the human genome, biology was natural philosophy. This label was applied to those who offered theories regarding long-standing, unsolved questions in regards to our knowledge about nature and the universe. The choice one makes when becoming a philosopher or studying philosophy, knowing it to be a thankless profession of challenging beliefs and institutions upon which millions depend, for one reason or another, for purpose, or meaning, for comfort. Philosophical and theological institutions cater to a unique human need, perhaps a pertinent expression of our genes to survive at all costs and because of our higher brain functions, capable of expressing our resistance to mortality. The system of philosophy arose to facilitate the existential resistance to our own non-existence: to cultivate the idea that purpose feeds worth to what is fleeting, allowing a sort of compromise between mortality and immortality through what we think of as our legacy, an acceptance of our inevitable end if, we can put purpose to chaos, which gave rise to our oldest mythological beliefs. It was a way for us to explain the inexplicable in a time where the systems we now take for granted didn’t exist. It is a unique and storied branch of academia put in place to ennoble the highest aspirations of our creativity, intelligence, and patience. To explain lightning, we had Zeus; for the explanation of winter, we had the story of Demeter’s sadness regarding Hades’ kidnapping of her daughter. We now know that lightning is caused by positive and negative charges built within cloud-banks, producing a spark when the two clouds collide. Well, there goes Zeus. We know that winter and all of the seasons are caused by the Earth’s 23 degree axial tilt. So, there goes Demeter, Persephone, and Hades. The Norse believed that Thor was the God of Thunder and that winter was caused by Ice Giants. The philosophy of the Norse culture is more pessimistic than The World as Will and Idea by the pessimist: Arthur Schopenhauer. Even the Gods are killed in Norse mythology–by the Midgaard serpent. The skeleton key for understanding a civilization is their mythology; it represents their fear, desire, their psychosexual and subconscious urges towards the profane and taboo; the characters representative of these attributes are the externalization of a rich, curious culture, representing the collective unconscious of an entire civilization, and it allows a unique glimpse into the mind of ancient thinking peoples. Looking at the way past civilizations are described and the way we learn of them, and what we learn, affords us an idea of how we may be remembered someday, either by analyzing our heroes and villains, as it has been with Greek and Roman mythology, or the teachers and their schools of thought, which is more a type of ancestor-reverence than mythology in China and East-Asia, or by the histories embedded into their religious traditions, as it is with many cultures in the Middle East. The value of philosophy is, more than anything, despite its pretentiousness and abuses, an invitation to think. The brain, like our muscles, becomes stronger the more you use it, and it is the most powerful weapon we have. We may not have the speed to outrun a cheetah or a tiger, but based on precepts developed by philosophers, such as the scientific method, and techniques of measurement and engineering developed by Greeks, we can build machines that can get us the hell away from animals that would have caught and enjoyed the greater majority of our ancestry, the strongest as easily as the weak. Philosophy is systematized questioning, whose answers are not always either right or wrong: rather useful an individual or not. It is a system that sets us apart from animals, figuratively and literally, as anyone who has had to flee a rampaging T-Rex would attest.
I wanted this list to be versatile, I wanted gay men, straight men, couples and even women looking for a realistic sex toy to find what they are looking for or at least find SOME inspiration. I have included realistic vaginas, mouths, butts and even dildos so there should be something for everyone on this list. A realistic looking and feeling sex toy is something a lot of sex toy users flock too, it heightens pleasure, the realism allows for plenty of fantasies and foreplay and it’s just sometimes nice to feel and experience something new in the bedroom. All of the products listed below are skin-safe and made from high-quality ingredients, the site where I also send you to buy these toys is the site where I buy all of my sex toys. Their shipping is completely discreet, they have constant deals on their site and they have incredible customer service so you really have nothing to worry about when purchasing your new realistic sex toy. Make sure to also check out my Top 10 Male Sex Toys Of 2017. If you have a favorite to add please leave them in the comments below! Beautifully crafted to look just like a real vagina, masturbation will never be the same again. Slide this gorgeous colored masturbator over your member with plenty of water-based lube and enjoy the interior thrilling textures that will send you into ecstasy with each thrust. Supple and realistic material, responsive to temperature play AND open ended for suction control. What Others Have Said: “All can say is unbelievable, it felt pretty good, much to my shock. Could have easily have cum after a few minutes of action but decided my wife was still more fun so we put it to one side.” One of the most realistic dildos you may ever come across, this girthy 7-inch dildo has a lifelike head, raised veins, balls and even a real feel when used internally and externally, if a realistic dildo is something you’re after, this BASICS dildo is for you. Firm yet flexible to bring to you intense, incredible internal stimulation. Other Thoughts From Users: “I’ve now had this dildo for over a year it’s still like brand new. I’ve used it more than a hundred times. It’s great for them lonely nights. I found it easy to rub plenty of lube onto the dildo and slowly insert it inch by inch. Either for vaginal or anal use” If you’re a fan of the renowned pornstar Jenna Jameson you are going to love her amazing vagina fleshlight, made from superskin technology, that makes it look and feel like the real thing you will be lost in her deep, tight and ribbed canal for hours on end. Experience and experiment with temperature play to really heighten the pleasure and make this vagina even more realistic. Easy to use, easy to clean and the outer casing is also discreet to the naked eye so you have nothing to worry about. “I slid my manhood into the inviting opening and forced myself in hard and fast. The suction is excellent. I came in a matter of minutes. So the long and short of it, guys, is you have got to try it.” With a lifelike ass opening, this ass masturbator will send you into to another world of pure pleasure, but the visually pleasing aspect isn’t all, the interior of this ass masturbator is ribbed for your pleasure and with each thrust inside, it only feels better and better. Remember to apply plenty of water based lube to really make the experience even better and to avoid any discomfort. With Mini Andi, you can also slip in a bullet vibrator to the base and send tingles around your manhood just to push you over the edge that bit more. More Customers Thoughts: “The ribbed texture of this toy is incredible and doesn’t feel like it’s too much, providing the right amount of stimulation without giving you friction burn. It feels incredible.” This soft and floppy penis does exactly what it says on the tin, it’s flaccid, squishy and entirely soft even down to its balls. Made from TPE for an authentic texture for you to enjoy, this 8-inch floppy is ideal for anyone who enjoys the feel and the thrill of a flaccid penis, anyone who wants to enjoy some kinky roleplay, however there’s of course a lot more to do with a floppy penis and what you do with it is your choice. More Users Thoughts: “Amazing fun to just squeeze and grab. The realistic feel is amazing and can start off foreplay with your partner easily.” Riley Reid is an infamous star inside the sex industry and she did us a favour by modelling her own vagina on to this incredible fleslight. A 9-inch canal awaits you with a realistic vaginal opening, along with realistic lips and a tight, ribbed textured interior is longing to send you into another dimension of pleasure. Made from SuperSkin technology to really vamp up the realism and pleasure, this fleshlight will go down in history. Other Customer Thoughts: “And to say it felt realistic doesn’t do it justice. For me, the texture, length, grip and whole experience were a 10 out 10 on intensity. It definitely felt realistic and the fact my OH was using it on me was a huge turn on.” The detailing on this dildo is wonderful, it has lifelike veins, ridges, bumps and head. The only thing it’s missing is a pair of balls but instead of this, they have included a suction cup which means it can be attached to any hard and flat surface making it ideal for any man or woman looking for a bit of versatile pleasure. Ideal for beginners and more advanced dildo users, this king cock will satisfy any anus or vagina and is there to meet your needs. More Thoughts From Users: “It looks very realistic with veins and a pink pronounced head. It goes great in a harness. We had no problems with it whatsoever. This is now our number one go to dildo. I love it.” This realistic ‘Holly’ vagina has jaw-dropping outer detailing from the plush pink almost swollen in appearance lips and opening, a soft and smooth texture but the fun doesn’t end here. The real fun starts when you apply water-based lube and slip inside to find tear jerking detailing and even a G-spot for you to pleasure. Add a bullet vibrator to her base for even more pleasure. Easy to use, grip and clean, Holly will never disappoint you. What Others Have Said: “Would very much recommend this product. It feels lovely with the real feel texture and is easy to use and clean. A must-have!” Discreetly stored in a disguised ‘beer can’ this ass fleshlight is hidden away but once open, you can find an extremely tight butt hole with outer detailing that even the most sceptic will raise their eyebrows at, once you plunge inside you are met with SuperSkin technology and a tight ribbed inner canal that will make you weak at the knees with just a few thrusts. Experiment with temperature play, suction, use plenty of water-based lube and enjoy this flexible yet tight realistic ass fleshlight. What More Customers Have Said: “I’d say this feels better than anal sex, especially if you hold your hand around the seal at the top to give you an amazing suction.” I’ve mentioned Ella a few times on my website and there’s a reason for that, she’s fantastic. Her plush lips look inviting and feel inviting, she’s small enough to discreetly store away when she’s not in use, she has an incredible super-tight canal, a hole in her base where you can pop in a vibrator, she’s easy to clean and easy to use. Ella is also an incredible price for something so genuinely good at her job. More Opinions On Ella: “I think this is a fantastic toy and great for someone who is looking for a tight male masturbator with an exciting texture, without having to fork out a lot of money. Also ideal for adding a bit of spice to couple’s play.” Just like the beer can disguised fleshlight above, this mouth sex toy is exactly the same. Nobody will ever know the pleasure of what’s housed inside this discreet and ‘normal’ beer can. Made with SuperSkin material this blowjob simulator features a mini Swallow inner texture that allows your imagination to run wild as this mouth swallows every last drop. Tight, textured and even featuring realistic looking lips and mouth opening, this mouth fleshlight is a masturbation game changer. What Others Have Said: “This was my first venture into the world of Fleshlight, and I definitely made the right choice. The internal canal changes texture every few inches, so you can really find the sweet spot that does it for you. The material is so soft and very realistic” I wanted something a little different to end this list with and the sex toy in question is this male butt masturbator. Easy to take anywhere with you with its discreet storage case and versatile size, the internal textures of this butt masturbator are something I cannot even do justice, super-soft, made of SuperSkin, nodules, bumps and twists and turns to really test how long you can last, that is of course if the tight, realistic opening doesn’t set you off straight away. More Opinions From Customers: “Oh, my god – boys, ya need this. This is my first Fleshlight, and I gotta tell you I would’ve bought sooner if I knew they were this good! I recommend you buy this item. You won’t be disappointed.” How To Care For Your Realistic Male Sex Toy… - Keep it clean! Once you are finished with it clean it out and let it dry properly, this prolongs the sex toy and prevents premature damage. - Store it properly, if it comes with a storage bag keep it in there when not in use and if it doesn’t just keep somewhere cool and dry where it won’t get scratched or harmed. - Wear lube! You may think it’s just for your comfort, but lube actually helps you from tearing your sex toy in some cases. I recommend using this water-based lube, it’s safe with condoms and sex toys and you only need a small drop to get you on your way… Why Buy A Realistic Sex Toy? There are a few reasons why somebody would want to purchase a realistic male sex toy and I’ve listed them below: - The realism of a fleshlight, for example, makes a solo masturbation session much more exciting. - If you’re looking to last longer in bed and increase your stamina, the realism of the outside and inside of each sex toy makes it harder for you not to cum and thus allows you to practice not climaxing prematurely. - Sometimes people can get lonely and realistic sex toys allow you to just feel a little more accompanied. - They feel amazing! Inside a fleshlight, for example, you are met with unique sensations, suction and more. - If you’re a couple looking into buying something realistic it can help you to live out a fantasy, experience a ‘threesome’ and more. - If your partner isn’t up for it or if you just want some alone time, it’s just like the real thing but without the person. - It allows you to explore different shapes and sizes. - The world is to be explored and your plain old hand will get boring at some point, it’s fun to just switch things up a bit and experience new things. Related Posts – - Best Male Sex Toys Of 2017 - Crazy Sex Toys You Can Use In Public - How To Make Your Dick Bigger Naturally - Sex Toys For Long Distance Couples
Having a piece of jewellery which captures the print of your loved one is a truly personal keepsake. Each piece of jewellery is carefully hand-crafted to include the clearest part of your loved one’s print. The final piece will display a beautifully captured and proportionally sized part of the print, depending upon the jewellery design you choose, and can include a personal inscription of up to 10 characters. We will spend time walking you through the designs we have available and provide information on how we capture your loved one’s fingerprint, handprint or footprint in solid hallmarked sterling silver. Each piece will be individually created for you in the UK by specialist craftsmen. All keepsakes, necklaces and bracelets come with a lifetime guarantee. All keepsakes are also available in 9ct gold. Please contact your local funeral home for more information.
LATEST DRIVER NEWS World of Outlaws History: Shane Stewart finished in the top-five in the World of Outlaws Point Standings once again in 2017, on the strength of 8 wins, 30 top-five and 56 top-ten finishes. Stewart won three races in an 11-day span during the Fall and scored another top-five finish at the Knoxville Nationals. With a re-branding to Kyle Larson Racing in 2018, Stewart and company have championship aspirations. Shane Stewart and Larson Marks Racing completed their second full season with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series in 2016. Stewart recorded eight wins, 39 top-five and 66 top-ten performances, and five quick time awards. During their first full Outlaws season together in 2015, the combination, led by crew chief Scotty Martin, picked up nine wins, 38 top-five finishes, 57 top-ten finishes, and 5 quick time awards. Stewart picked up a second place finish in the World of Outlaws championship standings and scored some of the most coveted wins on the series schedule, including his first ever Kings Royal win at Eldora Speedway and the Ironman 55 at Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55. The 2005 Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year ran a partial schedule in 2014 with Larson Marks Racing and took home two victories. His first of the season and first ever for his new team was at Eldora Speedway in May. He stood in Victory Lane again at Willamette Speedway where he ended the six-race win streak by Donny Schatz. Previous Racing History: Stewart is the 2005 Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year award winner… He is a five-time 360 Knoxville Nationals Winner (2007, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013)… In 2009 and 2011 he won the ASCS National Champion…Stewart was the 2005 Knoxville Nationals Rookie of the Year. “I think these guys are the best drivers in the world. As a driver to do this as a living, it’s the only series I want to be in. It takes a lot of money and resources to be out here, and if it was up to me I would’ve been out here the last 10-12 years.” |Seasons||Starts||Wins||Top 5's||Top 10's||Laps Led||Standings|
IELTS Speaking: Chủ đề Music – Từ vựng và Ví dụ Part 2, 3 Trong bài trước, bạn đã biết qua một số câu hỏi, từ vựng trong phần thi IELTS Speaking: Chủ đề Music – Part 1. Hôm nay hãy cùng tiếp tục tham khảo thêm qua một số từ vựng, Idioms và câu hỏi ví dụ trong IELTS Speaking: Chủ đề Music – Part 2 và 3 nhé! IELTS Speaking: Chủ đề Music – Từ vựng Part 2, 3 - music to one’s ears: something (often information) very pleasant and enjoyable to someone: một điều gì đó nghe rất dễ chịu và thoải mái, một tin tốt. EX: When my teacher told me that I got the highest mark in the class for the assignment, it was like music to my ears. - ringtone: sound that a cell phone makes when someone is calling: nhạc chuông điện thoại. EX: I set my favourite song as a ringtone on my cell phone. - live music: music performance in front of an audience: buỗi diễn trực tiếp. EX: I prefer listening to a live music than to a recording. It’s much more emotional and energetic. IELTS Speaking: Chủ đề Music – Idioms: - to face the music: to have to accept the unpleasant consequences of your actions: chịu trách nhiệm, hậu quả cho hành động của mình. EX: If you commit a crime, eventually, you’ll have to face the music. - to ring a bell: to sound familiar: một điều gì quen thuộc, đã biết/nghe trước đó. EX: I think I heard this song somewhere. It definitely rings a bell. - to sound like a broken record: to repeat yourself again and again: một việc, điều gì đó lặp đi lặp lại theo nghĩa khó chịu. EX: Little children often sound like a broken record and it annoys most people. - to strike (hit) a false note: to do something wrong: làm điều gì đó sai. EX: I realised that I hit a false note on the exam when I received a 0 mark afterwards. IELTS Speaking: Chủ đề Music – Ví dụ Part 2: Describe a band you enjoy listening to. You should say: - How did you find them - What kind of music do they play - When do you listen to them And say why you like them so much. Answer: I really enjoy listening to Maroon 5… I found this music band a few years ago, when I was looking for some pop music on the Internet… And, immediately after listening to the few of their songs, I fell in love with this awesome band… Their music is very catchy and tuneful at the same time. I especially like this band for their driving rhythms… , I have gone to a few of their concerts and have their posters all over my wall. I listen to their songs when I’m upset or stressed out… They always cheer me up… , one of their songs, “Payphone”, is set as a ringtone on my phone. IELTS Speaking: Chủ đề Music – Ví dụ Part 3: Do you think music is getting better as time goes on? No, myriads of famous rock bands of that time that I really like… And nowadays almost every pop-song sounds boring and dull to me…. , music was a lot better … I love music from 60s and 70s… There are Where do you think people enjoy listening to music the most? , it all depends on a person… , I enjoy listening to the music in my room, where nobody can bother me… But a lot of my friends would prefer listening to the music while travelling in public transport… This way their journey becomes more pleasant. Is it better to go to a live concert or to listen to a CD? I think that live concert! It’s just magical to be on a concert in a large group of people like you, listening to the songs you know being played right in front of you… It’s empowering, and completely unlike listening to recorded music.a Do you like the same music as your parents? Um… When I was a child I used to listen to the same music as my parents did… jazz on the radio. So I thought I was fond of jazz… I discovered other music genres and understood that I like rock music and techno much more…, that was because we were often driving in the same car … and my parents always turned on some Hi vọng bài viết giúp được các bạn đạt kết quả cao trong kì thi IELTS sắp tới nhé!
Automotive energy efficiency rebates Save money and get up to $300,000 in SRP rebates when you upgrade your dealership or automotive facility to energy efficient equipment. Drive savings with efficient lighting + HVAC For any automotive business, upgrading outdated lighting and cooling equipment with efficient new technology can help slash energy bills and boost profits. After all, lighting and cooling play a major role in enhancing showrooms, making customers feel more comfortable and more. SRP offers rebates for interior and exterior LEDs, lighting controls, unitary air conditioners, smart thermostats and more to help your business save. Use less energy, be more green and get a refreshed facility that improves the car buying experience. Case study: Coulter Cadillac saves big with SRP rebates See how Coulter Cadillac's state-of-the-art lighting upgrades with SRP led to not only $54,000+ in annual energy savings, but also an enhanced customer experience that increased foot traffic and sales. What rebates can my dealership get? SRP offers rebates on a variety of energy efficiency equipment and provides facility audits, complimentary events, training and more to help your business be leaner. You can choose from a menu of options, or even propose a custom project. Most popular automotive energy efficiency upgrades: - LED lighting and controls - Evaporative coolers - Unitary HVAC - Variable frequency drive fans and motors - Compressed air and dryers - Carbon monoxide sensors - Smart thermostats In addition to lower energy bills, other benefits include being greener, improving the customer experience, increasing employee productivity and more. Contact SRP today to get your project started. Energy savings estimator Use our free Business Energy Manager for a quick, personalized energy report on no- and low-cost ways to save, as well as rebate opportunities you may qualify for.
It's Tax Twitter Tuesday time again! It sorta sneaked up on me, what with all the health care reform hubbub and the rapidly approaching tax filing deadline. So this month's T3 is going be a big shorter than usual. Given that most of us have been paying more than usual attention to Congress of late, let's start with the folks on the tax-writing committee. @taxes007 Back to that audit...Even the best prepared return can get audited. Pick a CPA who is comfortable with them #bestifonlyoneofyouisfreakingout @taxwonks IRS says its giving its agents more leeway than ever to accept Offers in Compromise And we close with a dash of tough tax honesty -- As always, thanks to all my Twittering tax colleagues for keeping me (and you!) up to date on what's going on in the tax world. If you're a Twitterer (Tweeter?) follow them -- and me! I'm @taxtweet -- for daily 140-character doses of good tax informationI. We'll be back in March with a whole lot more Twitter tax tidbits. See you then -- and in between, too, I hope! - Tax Twitter Tuesday 02.23.2010 - Tax Twitter Tuesday 01.26.2010 - Tax Twitter Tuesday 12.22.2009 - Tax Twitter Tuesday 11.17.2009 - Tax Twitter Tuesday 10.20.2009 - Welcome to Tax Twitter Tuesday - Trading Tweets with the tax man Want to tell your friends about this blog post? Click the Tweet This or Digg This buttons below or use the Share This icon to spread the word via e-mail, Facebook and other popular applications. Thanks!
Here in Maine we love our wild blueberries. Even though they won’t be ready to pick for another few months (usually July through September they’re ripe for picking), most of us have a few freezer containers full from last season, myself included. With April 28th being National Blueberry Pie Day, it’s a perfect time to use them up in a yummy recipe before the next batch is ready for harvest. Maine Wild Blueberries Maine wild blueberries are unlike their larger, cultivated cousin. They are a perfect creation of nature—the product of bees and pollen, not planted seeds. They’re sweet and explode with flavor and antioxidants in their tiny package. Using frozen blueberries for this pie is a good idea. It ensures that you’re using berries picked at the peak of their ripeness, which preserves their taste and texture. And pie experts say, if you’re using frozen Maine wild blueberries, never thaw them first! This recipe uses the wild Maine variety of blueberries — if you don’t have access to fresh, you can find the organic frozen wild variety in the freezer section of the supermarket. Or, simply use any blueberries you want! Wild Maine Blueberry Pie Dough for a double crust pie (either store bought or your own recipe), rolled out and ready 4 cups frozen Maine wild blueberries 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice 1/3 cup white sugar 1/3 cup brown sugar 3 tablespoons tapioca starch 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg 1 tablespoon milk (dairy or soy) 2 tablespoons white sugar Preheat oven to 375 F. Mix the blueberries and lemon juice together. In a separate bowl, mix the sugar, tapioca starch, and spices. Add the dry ingredients to the berries and let the mixture sit for 15 minutes, then stir. While the mixture sits, line a 9” pie plate with one round of the dough. When mixture is ready, pour it into the pie crust and cover with the second round of dough. Crimp the edges and make slits in the top crust to release the steam. Brush milk onto the pie and sprinkle with the 2 tablespoons of sugar. Bake for 45-55 minutes or until you can see the juices begin to gel. Let pie rest for 2 hours before cutting. Slice and serve with fresh, real whipped cream, or vanilla ice cream (or both!). Enjoy!
Less new features than earlier versions but still important Apache Solr upgrade The Apache Solr has been upgraded from version 6 to 8, this will result in a lot faster indexing and search both in webmail and applications as Outlook or the mail app on your phone. SSL/TLS status for your main domain Under the “General Information” at the main page of cPanel, you can now see if you have a valid certificate and which type it is (DV or EV also displays, see here what an EV-certificate is). A valid certificate should look like this. cPanel / WHM performance updates Different changes for faster maintenance, shorter reboots and updates will result in even less downtime for our clients. You can see the official release log here.
By Jak on July 13th, 2008 FIFA president Sepp Blatter casually uses the term “slavery” in referring to the £ multi-million contract of Cristiano Ronaldo, who in turn “dreams” of leaving the greatest football club in the world to play in Madrid. Jean Claude Mbvoumin could teach them both some revealing truths about dreams and slavery. This year, Mbvoumin was named one of seventeen “Heroes Acting to End Modern-Day Slavery” by the U.S. Department of State’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons. Mbvoumin is a former footballer, recruited from the African country of Cameroon in 1995 to play in France. After retiring from football, Mbvoumin founded the French organization Culture Foot Solidiare to raise awareness of the issue of the criminal recruiting and trafficking of young footballers from Africa. “It’s a modern version of the slave trade, and it comes in many different forms,” says Mbvoumin. Thousands of young African boys dream of leaving their lives of poverty to play football in Europe. The majority of the boys trafficked into Europe come from Cameroon, Ghana, Nigeria, Senegal and the Ivory Coast. CFS estimates that in France alone there are more than 7,000 young Africans living on the streets after failed attempts to play for a professional club. Ninety-eight percent are illegal immigrants and 70 percent are younger than 18. Inspired by players like Didier Drogba and Samuel Eto’o, and buoyed by promises from unscrupulous, unlicensed agents and scouts, their impoverished parents deplete their savings or go into debt to finance their sons’ journeys. Thousands of unlicensed football “academies” operating in countries like the Ivory Coast promise parents that, for a fee, their sons will get a chance to try out for a European football club. Childrens’ charities in Africa are becoming increasingly concerned. “This football-related trafficking and the widespread creation of so-called schools of excellence is an area of huge growing concern for Save The Children,” says Heather Kerr, the charity’s Ivory Coast country manager. “The motivation for these children joining these footballing schools and being trafficked out of the country is purely about money and that is not surprising as these families are incredibly poor. Quite often we find it’s the parents who send their children to the West or take their children out of school and force them to concentrate on becoming footballers because they want the youngsters to earn more money for the family.” Coaches and agents have the pick of the best of thousands of young players, signing them to binding pre-contracts, with the hope of making a profit selling the boys on to clubs in Europe. A small percentage of the players do achieve proper professional contracts and employment permits, but those cases are rare. Some of the youths whom Mbvoumin helps had visas and contracts that were not renewed, and others were abandoned as soon as they arrived in France. The Independent reported last week that twenty-seven European football leagues are set to sign an agreement this autumn to better control the recruitment of African boys in football. Richard Caborn, Britain’s sports ambassador, and chair of the Football, Social and Economics Forum, is one of the men behind the campaign. He is drafting the guidelines to be voted on by the leagues. “We need to make sure this trade is stamped out,” said Caborn. “We do not want football to be tarnished by this kind of activity.” Playthegame.org, an organization dedicated to ethics and sport, tells the story on their website of one young African player who had a dream of playing in Europe. Stéphane, 18, scored 12 goals in a local tournament in Cameroon when he was approached by a man who asked, “Would you like to come to Europe and become a professional soccer player?” His mother borrowed money from everyone she knew in their village to finance his journey. Four weeks later Stéphane was homeless in Paris, with no work permit and no money to return home. “I trained for one week with an Italian team in Genoa,” he recalls. “Then the agent put me on a plane to Paris, paid two nights in a hotel and I was on my own. He just stopped answering his phone.” “I can’t go back before I have got the money to pay back my mother,” he said. The Observer, in a piece on the issue, quotes Bernard, 17, who says he travelled to France from Ghana on the promise of a trial with Metz. ‘My mother sold our house and my two younger brothers started work at 12 to help pay for my passage,’ says Bass. “I made it to France, but Metz had no idea who I was and threatened to report me to the police. Now I am here in Clichy-sous-Bois, (a notorious ghetto in the suburbs of Paris), staying on a friend’s floor.’ Speaking to the International Herald Tribune, Mbvoumin explained that many of the boys’ families have paid 3000-4000 Euros — a literal fortune for these people – for visas and plane tickets to unlicensed agents, in hopes that a professional football contract is waiting for them in Europe. Too often, these boys are left homeless and abandoned on the streets of European cities. Penniless, with only expired tourist visas, and without legal status, afraid to return home, they melt away into the urban fabric. Profit, of course, is driving the crisis. A Senegalese Football Association representative said: “The boys are cheap compared to European players. It is always worth sending one hundred. The agent can make money from the one or two who make it. The other ninety-eight are forgotten.” “A lot of African parents are completely naive. They trust anyone who is white and promises to bring their kids to Europe. Of course, none of the agents are officially accredited by FIFA, and normally the kids only know their agent’s first name or a nickname. That’s why I want to open offices in Africa to inform and support young footballers and their families,” Mbvoumin told the Financial Times. The illegal operators are serious about protecting their profits. Belgian senator Jean-Marie Dedecker was the subject of death threats when he investigated the criminal trade of Nigerian players in Belgium. “I was warned that if I went to Nigeria to investigate this I would be killed,” he said. Belgian soccer clubs have 30 officially licensed agents but they also have another 170 unofficial ones, some of whom have ties to organized crime, claims Dedecker. In January, BBC Radio 4 aired a documentary on the issue. Dirk de Vos of the Belgian football players’ union showed a pair of contracts between a club and an African player. One, properly printed, gave the player the correct minimum wage and benefits, and was filed with the football federation. The other, hand-written, showed the true salary – less than a quarter of the official figure. “They have no choice but to sign the second contract,” says de Vos. UEFA has been working for the last three years to try to curb the abuse through tougher rules for agents. “We would like to see regulation which is more firm, and that action can be taken through the regulation towards the agents,” Lars-Christer Olsson, former Chief Executive of UEFA, said in 2005. “This is a huge responsibility we have to look into.” He estimated that no more than 5% of players recruited from outside of Europe make it into the first team of European clubs. “If you take this into account that you bring in all these young players â€” what is happening when they are not good enough? The risk is obvious that they are kicked out, of course,” he said. “There is no safety net at all for the countries from outside of Europe.” Mbvoumin says that it is in nobody’s interest to clean up the system unless forced to do so. The clubs and agents want cheap African talent, and desperate to help their families rise above poverty, the young footballers are abandoning their educations to pursue their dream of football in Europe. Without football, without an education, without their communities and without their families, they are adrift. “Many children here in France don’t want to return,” says Mbvoumin. “They say: if I go back my parents will kill me because I don’t bring them money, or big cars. And that’s the main objective.” “It’s important to dream,” says Mbvoumin, “but the dreams about football now are not realistic.” Though FIFA president Sepp Blatter spoke out five years ago against the exploitation of foreign players in football, in what he described as the “rape” of Africa, it has been UEFA and organizations like Save the Children and CFS that have led the way in the campaign against the the modern day enslavement of football players. Blatter’s use of the word “slavery” in reference to Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract at Manchester United highlights two such divergent realities that it is an outrageous insult to those who are the truly victimized. And Cristiano’s “dream”? Perhaps a conversation with some of those same young men might help to put that dream into proper perspective.
An excerpt from Vultures' Picnic by Greg Palast Monday, March 11, 2013 "Completely and Utterly Fail in an Earthquake" Two years later, the Fukushima story you didn't hear on CNN I've seen a lot of sick stuff in my career, but this was sick on a new level. Here was the handwritten log kept by a senior engineer at the nuclear power plant: Wiesel was very upset. He seemed very nervous. Very agitated. . . . In fact, the plant was riddled with problems that, no way on earth, could stand an earth- quake. The team of engineers sent in to inspect found that most of these components could "completely and utterly fail" during an earthquake. "Utterly fail during an earthquake." And here in Japan was the quake and here is the utter failure. The warning was in what the investigations team called The Notebook, which I'm not supposed to have. Good thing I've kept a copy anyway, because the file cabinets went down with my office building .... WORLD TRADE CENTER TOWER 1, FIFTY-SECOND FLOOR NEW YORK, 1986 Two senior nuclear plant engineers were spilling out their souls and files on our huge conference table, blowing away my government investigations team with the inside stuff about the construction of the Shoreham, New York, power station. The meeting was secret. Very secret. Their courage could destroy their careers: No engineering firm wants to hire a snitch, even one who has saved thousands of lives. They could lose their jobs; they could lose everything. They did. That’s what happens. Have a nice day. On March 12 (2011), as I watched Fukushima melt, I knew: the "SQ" had been faked. Anderson Cooper said it would all be OK. He'd flown to Japan, to suck up the radiation and official company bullshit. The horror show was not the fault of Tokyo Electric, he said, because the plant was built to withstand only an 8.0 earthquake on the Richter scale, and this was 9.0. Anderson must have been in the gym when they handed out the facts. The 9.0 shake was in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, 90 miles away. It was barely a tenth of that power at Fukushima. I was ready to vomit. Because I knew who had designed the plant, who had built it and whom Tokyo Electric Power was having rebuild it: Shaw Construction. The latest alias of Stone & Webster, the designated builder for every one of the four new nuclear plants that the Obama Administration has approved for billions in federal studies. But I had The Notebook, the diaries of the earthquake inspector for the company. I'd squirreled it out sometime before the Trade Center went down. I shouldn't have done that. Too bad. All field engineers keep a diary. Gordon Dick, a supervisor, wasn’t sup- posed to show his to us. I asked him to show it to us and, reluctantly, he directed me to these notes about the “SQ” tests. SQ is nuclear-speak for “Seismic Qualification.” A seismically qualified nuclear plant won’t melt down if you shake it. A “seismic event” can be an earthquake or a Christmas present from Al Qaeda. You can’t run a nuclear reactor in the USA or Europe or Japan without certified SQ. This much is clear from his notebook: This nuclear plant will melt down in an earthquake. The plant dismally failed to meet the Seismic I (shaking) standards required by U.S. and international rules. Here’s what we learned: Dick’s subordinate at the nuclear plant, Robert Wiesel, conducted the standard seismic review. Wiesel flunked his company. No good. Dick then ordered Wiesel to change his report to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, change it from failed to passed. Dick didn’t want to make Wiesel do it, but Dick was under the gun himself, acting on direct command from corporate chiefs. From The Notebook: Wiesel was very upset. He seemed very nervous. Very agitated. [He said,] “I believe these are bad results and I believe it’s reportable,” and then he took the volume of federal regulations from the shelf and went to section 50.55(e), which describes reportable deficiencies at a nuclear plant and [they] read the section together, with Wiesel pointing to the appropriate paragraphs that federal law clearly required [them and the company] to report the Category II, Seismic I deficiencies. Wiesel then expressed his concern that he was afraid that if he [Wiesel] reported the deficiencies, he would be fired, but that if he didn’t report the deficiencies, he would be breaking a federal law.... The law is clear. It is a crime not to report a safety failure. I could imagine Wiesel standing there with that big, thick rule book in his hands, The Law. It must have been heavy. So was his paycheck. He weighed the choices: Break the law, possibly a jail-time crime, or keep his job. What did Wiesel do? What would you do? Why the hell would his company make this man walk the line? Why did they put the gun to his head, to make him conceal mortal danger? It was the money. It’s always the money. Fixing the seismic problem would have cost the plant’s owner half a billion dollars easy. A guy from corporate told Dick, “Bob is a good man. He’ll do what’s right. Don’t worry about Bob.” That is, they thought Bob would save his job and career rather than rat out the company to the feds. But I think we should all worry about Bob. The company he worked for, Stone & Webster Engineering, built or designed about a third of the nuclear plants in the United States. From the fifty-second floor we could look at the Statue of Liberty. She didn’t look back. Palast is the author of the New York Times bestsellers Billionaires & Ballot Bandits: How to Steal an Election in 9 Easy Steps, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy, Armed Madhouse and the highly acclaimed Vultures' Picnic, named Book of the Year 2012 on BBC Newsnight Review. Visit the Palast Investigative Fund's store or simply make a contribution to keep our work alive! Subscribe to Palast's Newsletter and podcasts. Follow Palast on Facebook and Twitter.
But is anything actually new? After recently reviewing a 2019 Acura MDX A-Spec, we were impressed by its styling and driving dynamics but less sold on its interior technology and overall material quality. Because the MDX seems in line for a redesign, the fact that a rendering of the next-generation model has leaked is extremely promising. Acura last updated the MDX for the 2019 model year by making small changes to the Sport Hybrid model before welcoming the sporty A-Spec appearance package. But if you were hoping the 2020 model year would bring more exciting changes, we hate to be the bearer of bad news by telling you those leaked images of the next-generation won't become a reality until at least 2021. And we now know this because Acura has revealed the 2020 MDX with changes that appear to be minimal at best. The 2020 Acura MDX and MDX Sport Hybrid are now on sale and can be found at your local Acura dealership. Pricing starts at $44,400 for the base MDX, which packs a 3.5-liter V6 producing 290 horsepower and is mated to a nine-speed automatic. Stepping up to the Sport Hybrid will cost $52,900, but that buys you a 3.0-liter V6 hybrid producing 321 hp that comes mated to a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic, which Acura says is closely related to the nine-speed DCT in the NSX. With front-wheel-drive, the MDX achieves 20/27/23 mpg city/highway/combined (those numbers drop by one with all-wheel-drive) and the Sport Hybrid, which only comes with AWD, gets an EPA-rated 27-mpg combined. It's worth noting that these pricing changes for 2020 are increases of just $100, excluding the $995 destination and handling charge. Because it doesn't seem like Acura has made any major changes to the MDX lineup, so you can probably go score a leftover 2019 model at a major discount without missing out on any new features. The MDX remains the best-selling three-row luxury crossover of all-time and sales in 2019 remain strong, even though the smaller and newer RDX now outsells it.
WELCOME to our Eyecatchers column. Every week Alan Thomson pinpoints horses primed to strike in the next few weeks, if not days. Remember, you can add Alan's weekly updates to your ATR Tracker. BLUE WAVE ATR Tracker (Southwell, 21st January) Late-maturing middle-distance gelding is getting his act together and made mincemeat of some moderate rivals, easily supplementing an equally facile victory at Lingfield eight days earlier. Mark Johnston does so well with these types. SIR ABBOT ATR Tracker (Leopardstown, 26th January) No match for impressive Quickpick Vic in this 16-runner maiden hurdle, but was making significant late inroads on the first two under a sympathetic ride from Tony McCoy. The five-year-old had a couple of fair yardsticks in arrears, so this was promising. POINT GUARD ATR Tracker (Warwick, 23rd January) Looked a big, scopey sort in the paddock in an interesting bumper and wasn't knocked about in fourth behind quite a useful sort in Battle Born. Don Cantillon's raw recruit is probably capable of much better as his career progresses. FOX APPEAL ATR Tracker (Doncaster, 25th January) Emma Lavelle's gamble of dropping her progressive gelding back to two miles back-fired as he was taken off his feet behind top novice Valdez. Fox Appeal made several untidy jumps as he was taken out of his comfort zone but will be a different proposition when returned to a more appropriate distance. LE ROCHER ATR Tracker (Cheltenham, 25th January) Out of all the horses under the microscope on Cheltenham Trials day, Le Rocher created the biggest impression as a horse worth ante-post support. Not always fluent over his hurdles, Le Rocher fairly powered up the hill and must take high rank among the Triumph Hurdle principals. ARAMADYH ATR Tracker (Wolverhampton, 27th January) Ran into an improving sort in Sir Charlie Khan but gave the odds-on favourite a stern test on her first start since October. A mark of 68 here seems workable. Alan Thomson's Eyecatchers column is sponsored by SIS - visit www.sis.tv for more information on a range of services for bookmaker and punter.
Demonstration copy of FS-IST insert compatible with Istanbul TM This insert has been designed to have space for both expansions, Mocha & Baksheesh and Letters & Seals. There is space for all components and the trays are arranged to be useful in game Please note that this is a demonstration piece using the blue foam used for Essen Spiel demo products. The final products will use a grey foam, together with the grey print you see here. Here you can see the full box, with the rules from each box set used as a lid on top of the trays underneath. With the rule books removed you can see the top layer of trays. On the top left is the first of the trays for holding the player pieces, and one slot used for the coffee counters. On the top right is a tray holding the mosque and demand tiles, the bonus card deck and a space for the other game components such as the dice and mail indicators. Bottom right is a tray for the money and wheelbarrow extensions. On the bottom left there is a large tray for holding the board place tiles. With the top trays removed you can see the remaining ones underneath. You can now see that there are two trays on the left for player pieces which fit into another larger tray which holds the wheelbarrow player boards. Top right is another tray for mosque and demand tiles, guild and bonus cards and also the rubies. Bottom right is a tray for the kiosk and letter tiles that come with the Letters & Seals expansion. Now the board tiles have been placed together and you can see the various trays placed around the board as they would be used during the game. This is a great insert that fits the whole set of the original plus its expansions all in one box. Ideal for more convenient storage at home, and also for traveling with the game to friends or
Last night, CrushCrush had the privalage of attending The Shoe Crew Launch Gala at the Malibu Country Club! The Shoe Crew is a group of kids, teens, and celebrities uniting to fill a warehouse full of shoes to be donated to underprivilaged youths in time for back to school in the fall. Show them some love and check them out online! For one week only when you purchase any piece of jewelry from CrushCrush Couture, The Shoe Crew will receive a 25% donation from each purchase when you select them in the charities drop-down before adding an Item to your cart! Jewelry + Passion for a Better World!
Alice Cicolini’s new jewels: the Indian tradition of enamel arrives at the Couture Show in Las Vegas ♦ ︎ Among the descriptions of herself that Alice Cicolini provides, there is this: former director of Arts & Culture for the British Council in India, she remains closely linked to Indian craftsmanship and design. This is the starting point of one of the most refined designers in London. For example, she uses a technique called champlevé, a glazing tradition that artisans in India prefer to work on 23.5 carat gold, given the softness of the metal it allows a more detailed and expressive work. The enamel, explains Alice, is a combination of earth, pigmented glass and metal, heated to fire and used in the grooves created by the engraving on the metal and then polished with agate stone to create extraordinarily vivid colors. This is why jewels are made in Jaipur, Rajasthan. Following the Indian tradition, Alice Cicolini also uses this technique, with surprising results, alongside the classic precious stones such as diamonds, sapphires, rubies and emeralds. Like the new pieces that the designer has decided to present at the Couture Show in Las Vegas. For example, the Memphis Samarkand ring in white Topaz with white diamonds, lacquered enamel. Lavinia Andorno
Unique Mother of the Bride Gift - First My Mom, Forever My Friend- Round Keepsake Box - With Gift Box This lovely round keepsake box would be a perfect mother of the bride/groom and one that could be enjoyed all year around. It's made of earthenware clay and has this text printed on it: 'First My Mom, Forever My Friend.' The inside of the box can include a personalized message. This box measures 4.25" x 2.5" and comes with a gift box (as shown in the last image). Please select the text option for the inside when checking out. If you'd like the same text on the lid and inside but just want to change the date then please select 'Same + name and date' or if you'd like something different then select 'custom text'. Then add your name and date or custom text in the 'notes to seller section'. This box is ready to ship in 2-3 weeks. Please let us know if you need it sooner. We love custom orders so if you have an idea, just send us a message!
Data sent to the database When calling Recordset.SaveChanges(), the runtime will go through all the records in the resultsets of the recordset to collect modified, new and marked-for-deletion data. The modification flags are not used to determine the column values that will be send to the database. A new record results in an INSERT statement executed on the database. INSERT INTO <tablename> VALUES <non-null updateable column values> A new record results in an INSERT statement executed on the database. The database engine will automatically set column values that are not specified to null. That is why null values are never send to the database for a New record. All modified updateable columns are send to the database. An existing record results in an UPDATE statement executed on the database. UPDATE <modified updateable column values> WHERE <primary key values> When original value tracking is enabled, then modified updateable primary key values will be included in the "modified updateable column values" part of UPDATE statement. See Original value tracking and primary key values below. This is a record that is marked-for-deletion. Only the primary key column values are send to the database. An existing record marked for deletion results in a DELETE statement executed on the database. DELETE FROM <tablename> WHERE <primary key values> Eventual modified updateable column values in the record are ignored and never send to the database. Original value tracking and primary key values When original value tracking is enabled, the record registers both original and new primary key values. This allows the UPDATE statement to modify primary key values in the database table: UPDATE <new primary key values> WHERE <original primary key values> The original name is John and we want to change it to Pete. The Name column is a primary-key. UPDATE Name = "Pete" WHERE Name = "John" var customers = new CustomersRecordset(); customers.ExecSql(); // the Name is set to John customers.Name = "Pete"; customers.SaveChanges(); // UPDATE Name = "Pete" WHERE Name = "John"
- Just Released - Sale Bestsellers - Gifts for Him - Gifts for Her - New & Bestselling Fiction - Back To School - Christian Book Award Winners - Bible Study Resources - Wedding & Marriage - Dove Awards Winners - Keep Kids Safe Online - Bulk Discounts on Books & Bibles Can the Supernatural Become Natural? Bill Johnson, respected pastor, bestselling author and senior leader of Bethel Church, lives in a culture of the miraculous. In his groundbreaking new book, The Way of Life, he shares not as a theological spectator, but as an active participant in a historic move of God that has been sweeping the nations. From over 40 years of personal experience with the Holy Spirit, Bill mentors you on how to: - Create a supernatural "greenhouse effect" that impacts the world around us through practicing Kingdom values. - Sustain a flow of God's supernatural powerin your life, your family and your church community. - Develop a culture that values wholeness--body, soul and spirit--where the Kingdom has tangible impact on every area of our lives. - Build supernatural relationships through honor and seeing the significance of every person. - Walk in the completed work of the Cross because you are grounded in an "It is Finished" theology. - Partner with the Presence of the Holy Spiritto transform the everyday places where God leads you. - Run towards impossible situationsand release the supernatural solutions of Jesus. More Product Information - Publisher: Destiny Image Incorporated - ISBN: 0768442729 - ISBN-13: 9780768442724 - SKU: 9780768442724 - Release Date: September 18, 2018 - Pages: 224 - Index Style: Thumb Indexed - Language: English - Binding: Hardcover - Height: 0.90 inches - Width: 5.80 inches - Length: 8.90 inches - Weight: 1.00 pounds - Series Name: Destiny Image Bestsellers The Way of Life: Experiencing the Culture of Heaven on Earth
The day delivered breadth and inspiring beauty as so often happens on my walks. I came home with a much clearer mind and a lighter heart than when I left. Just how I like it! 🙂 Now to render those same fingers of light and sea onto a canvas. This particular Sunday in the Terrill Welch Gallery was quieter than usual so I set up on the little patio to paint. Just a few paint marks on the yellow ground should get us started. Then the blocking in begins. I keep painting but it is slow going and pretty soon the day is over and I need to bring the work into the gallery and close up shop. The very next day, I move the wet painting to the home studio and continue working on it there. Finally! The blocking in process is complete. This might be it for today… the 24 x 30 inch walnut oil on canvas landscape painting is covered in wet paint indicating its major elements. Though things are still rather fluid, I have a fairly good idea where all bits are located. Now comes my favourite part of finding all the light and shadows. But this might be tomorrow’s work. I still have the brushes out though so anything is possible. 😉 Steady goes it as patches of light and shadow move across the landscape. There is still a ways to go before the first hints of light shift the forms into place. But for now a break. Done! Well, maybe resting. Nope it is done!… I suppose you don’t need to listen to me arguing with myself 😉 Now for some distance so it is easier to see what we have here. Ah well, it really was only resting. I have made a few minor changes to address a small visual tangent. If you know what such a thing is, see if you can find the change I made. “Lost in the Light Edith Point Mayne Island” by Terrill Welch 24 x 30 inch walnut oil on canvas The edges are now painted and drying. A hanging wire must still be added, a final photograph taken and the work added to the inventory program. But almost there! When was the last time you had a tangent – visual or otherwise? 😉 ONLINE GALLERIES include – ArtWork Archive original paintings and acrylic sketches currently available Redbubble painting and photography prints and merchandise
Visiting Miami on vacation or South Florida local looking to Rent a Boat? Miami Rent Boat is centrally located for easy access to the best boat rentals on Biscayne Bay. We are located next to the Venetian Causeway, right behind the Marriott Hotel on Bayshore Drive, in The Sea Isle Marina on Pier 5. Stop searching for boat rentals and start enjoying the water with Miami Rent Boat! Rent boats worry-free!. We include the gas, ice and water on all boat rentals.
Training for power WHAT IS MUSCLE POWER? What do we mean by muscle power? Mechanical power can be defined as the rate of work or the force multiplied by the velocity of movement. Power = Force x Velocity Therefore, in order to become more powerful, we must address both parts of this equation. You can already probably see if you read the previous post on training muscle strength (HERE) how training for power is going to be different than training for strength. Muscle power is important for activities such as throwing, jumping, kicking, where you need to produce muscle force very quickly. However, think also about injury…. - What If you stumble off a curb, or unexpectedly land on someone’s foot after a jump…? - What stops you from becoming injured? - What enables you to correct your joint or body position? Yes! You need to produce force very quickly. Thus you see, muscle power is really important for injury prevention too. THE RATE OF FORCE DEVELOPMENT IS MORE IMPORTANT FOR POWER THAN STRENGTH When we talk about muscle power, we often refer to the rate of force development (RFD). The quicker we can get our muscles to contract and produce force (the rate), in theory the more powerful we can become. You can focus your training to maximise the increase the rate of force development, or speed of muscle force generation, without changing how strong you are. HOW MUCH WEIGHT? Okay, we could get pretty deep here. We could talk about the discussion in the literature regarding whether to use heavy or light weights, and we could talk about the application and athlete needs, however, let’s save that level of detail for another time and get some basics in place so you can get started. What we’re talking about here is shifting weight quickly, explosively, without tiring (and with proper technique). Here are some ideas, with progressions: (Thanks to Max here! The ever capable demonstrator) Clearly, there are many ways to train power, including resistance training focussing on a single body part. And if you’re really serious about maximising muscle power a periodised, progressive programme should be followed. However, the above is a good starting point. Most movements in sports activities are multi-joint (more than one joint), therefore, I’ve included these examples as they can be applied across many sports and exercise settings. HOW MUCH REST? HOW MANY SETS? As with strength training, you’re trying to recruit from the fast twitch motor unit pool, and if you remember, they tire rather quickly. The amount of rest you need will vary according to how intensely and long you’re working form, however, aim for at least 2 minutes rest between sets. How many sets? Again, this will depend on how used you are to plyometric & power training. You’ll generate a lot of muscle soreness if you do too much as a beginner. For maximal effect, aim for up to 10 seconds worth of exercise per set. Volume, as a beginner, 60-100 foot contacts per session is about right. so if you manage 10 foot contacts in 10 seconds, 6 – 10 sets is enough Duration: up to 10 seconds Sets 6 -10 (increase as you develop) Rest: 2-3 minutes between sets Need some help? Get in touch with and post your question here. Or visit the programmes and one-to-one page to get started.
The Australian athletics team at the 2014 Commonwealth Games has continued to enjoy strong results in the morning session of Day 2 of competition at Hampden Park in Glasgow, Scotland with 2012 Olympic finalist Steve Solomon (NSW) easily advancing to the second round of the hotly contested men’s 400m. Racing in one of the deepest events in Glasgow, Solomon clocked 46.26, easing down to finish in second place in his heat and earn a coveted automatic qualifying spot for the next round. Solomon said he was glad to have his first run in Glasgow under hos belt so he could now focus on the semi-finals on Tuesday. “I did exactly what I needed to,” Solomon said. “I think I set my race up well and it was my first hit out in a fair while so it was good to get rid of the rust and come back tomorrow firing. “I think I will have a whole new tank by tomorrow. When you haven’t raced for a while that first one back can be a bit dusty but I got through the round and that’s what I had to do today.” The women’s 1500m heats provided some unexpected drama, as the Commonwealth Games record was broken in the first heat and there was a protest around the second. In heat one, Kenyan Hellen Obiri ran a scorching 4:04.43 to break the Games Record. Australians Melissa Duncan (VIC) and Kaila McKnight (VIC) benefitted from the fast pace, with Duncan running a personal best of 4:05.76 to finish fifth and McKnight a season’s best time of 4:06.06 in sixth. In the second heat, Australia’s 2013 IAAF World Championship 1500m finalist Zoe Buckman(VIC) led early but was the subject of some interference and faded to finish sixth in 4:11.56 and outside the qualifying group. The Australian team subsequently lodged a protest to the jury based on interference coming into the final lap, but it was dismissed and Buckman will miss the final of 12 as the thirteenth fastest athlete. There was good news for Australia in the men’s high jump qualification too, as both Nik Bojic (QLD) and Brandon Starc (NSW) advanced to the Final on Wednesday after each successfully clearing 2.20m. Bojic had a perfect series of jumps, clearing 2.06m, 2.11m, 2.16m and 2.20m all on first attempts. Starc had to work harder and needed gutsy last-ditch clearances at both 2.16m and 2.20m to ensure he made the final. In the men’s hammer qualification round, Tim Driesen (ACT) threw a season’s best of 69.63m to ensure a place in the final on Tuesday. Driesen finished with the fifth longest throw of all competitors in either group. Fellow Australian Huw Peacock (TAS) reached 63.95m with his furthest qualifying attempt, but it wasn’t enough to advance and he finished in 14th overall place. In the first day of the men’s decathlon competition, after three completed events Stephen Cain (VIC) sits in 15th place and Jake Stein (NSW) is 18th. Stein started the competition with a decathlete’s worst possible nightmare, false starting twice in the opening 100m and the subsequent disqualification seeing him earn zero points for the event. “It’s a school boy error,” a disappointed Stein reflected. “You learn to start when you are seven or eight and I forgot how to do it today. “For the first few seconds after it I wondered whether I wanted to keep going but it came to me quickly that I have to. I have trained for two years to get back on to the track and being out there, the stadium is ridiculous, there are 40,000 people watching me here and I’m looking forward to what is still to come.” Stein recovered from his disappointing sprint start to jump 7.15m in the long jump (850 points) and win his group in the shot put with a throw of 14.80m (777 points). Cain opened his decathlon with an 11.33 performance in the 100m (789 points) before reaching 6.73 (750 points) in the long jump and 13.87m (720 points) in the shot. In the men’s T37 100m Sean Roberts (SA) successfully advanced to the next round. Roberts ran third in his heat in the time of 12.99 (+0.1 wind) to earn an automatic qualification place in the round of eight. Competing in the opening event of the day, Paul Raison (SA) and Don Elgin (VIC) both made the top-eight of the men’s F42/47 discus throw. Raison came seventh with a throw of 44.44m (723 pts) while Elgin threw a new personal best of 37.72m for 510 points and eighth place in the final. Elgin, a veteran of Paralympic and IPC World Championship competition said afterwards a top eight finish was a pleasing result. “The plan coming into this was to make the top-eight,” Elgin said. “That was what I knew I was capable of and it’s great to have achieved the goal. “I can’t take home any medals, knowing this field I think I had more chance of my leg growing back than that happening, but it was amazing to be back in the green and gold after such a long time and it’s not over for me yet. Competing for your country never gets old and the atmosphere today was electric.” The 2014 Commonwealth Games commenced in Glasgow on Wednesday 23 July, with athletics competition spanning seven days from Sunday 27 July. The competing Australian athletics team is 98-strong, the largest ever to compete in the green and gold offshore.
This week’s episode brought to you by Comic Book Pitt, Slice on Broadway, and Alex Kahrs Design & Media! Katie, Chilla, and Sorg are back in studio joined by John Carman this week to run down the tech news you should know about, including: - Chilla is sharing TiVO’s CommercialSkip and the way they’re working it for the Super Bowl as his Awesome Thing of the Week. - Katie is filming birds (instead of flipping them) with the Bird Photo Booth as her Awesome Thing of the Week. - Sorg’s Awesome Thing of the Week is iCloud files + Apple Clips + iMovie for quick social media edits of some video content – including Episode 429’s Pornhub discussion. - Apple is reportedly working on a subscription gaming service. - Were you a fan of Farmville back in the day? There’s good news. Competitive virtual farming is getting its own esports league! - After the last episode, Carman apparently found a different Fyre TV that is most definitely not related to Fyre Festival. [NOTE: Link NSFW] - Facebook has been paying teens $20 a month to access their phones? - Having trouble with Facebook generating the wrong image for your link? There’s a fix for it. Katie is sharing what she recently learned. - We’re sharing some thoughts on the FaceTime bug. - Someone is trying to recreate Legend of Zelda in DOOM, and needs a hand. - Amazon has a cute little robot that helps with deliveries. - Netflix may have raised prices, but Hulu is lowering its basic service price. - Looking for a way to smoke without being detected? Philter is offering a filter to eliminate smoke and smell. - Innovation at a slow walking pace. After the show remember to: Want to be part of our studio audience? Hit us up at [email protected] and we’ll save you a seat! Join our AwesomeCast Facebook Group to see what we’re sharing and to join the discussion! Have you seen our AwesomeTips videos? You can support the show at Patreon.com/awesomecast!
It was an hectic day yesterday, but filled with much fun n’ frolic as we celebrated my hubby’s birthday. The little one and I had baked a cake; she wanted an Olaf cake for her daddy’s birthday and we had so much of fun doing the figurine, and decorating the cake. Being my daughter, it wasn’t easy working with her ah! Too many oops moments, but quality family time nevertheless! And to the recipe, garlic is one of my favorite veggie for its flavor and the strong flavor it provides, especially to meat recipes. My mom’s garlic & tomato chutney remains as a favorite of mine, and this chutney is an inspired version with a bit of personal touch from my end. I used my chopper to chop the garlic (a lazy bone that I am, always finding an easy way out), and when you saute the garlic, keep an eye so that you don’t burn them and keep the heat on medium. I have used smoked paprika for that hint of smoked flavor and it lends a nice deep color to the chutney. But if you don’t have paprika, substitute with Kashmiri chili powder. Do adjust the heat by adding more/less chili powder and dried chilies to suit your palate. So is the case with sugar. You need – - Garlic – 100 grams, finely chopped - Dried red chili – 50 grams, soaked in water for about 30 mins - Smoked paprika – 1 teaspoon - Chili powder – 3/4 – 1 teaspoon or as per taste - Fresh coriander leaves – 1/4 cup - Cumin seeds – 1 teaspoon - White vinegar – 1/4 cup - Tomato ketchup-1/4 cup - Brown sugar – 2 teaspoon - Salt to taste - Cooking oil – 1/4 cup How to – In a blender, place the dried chilies, chili powder, paprika, coriander leaves and blend into a fine paste adding water as required and set aside. Heat oil in a heavy bottom pan. add the cumin seeds and allow to crackle. Add the chopped garlic and saute till the garlic is golden brown but make sure you don’t burn them. Add the chili paste, vinegar, salt and continue to cook till the raw smell is gone. Now add the ketchup and cook over low heat for another 10-12 minutes and the oil starts to separate. Add the sugar and check for seasoning. Stir well and turn the heat off and allow to cool completely. They pair perfect with roti, dosa or with rice n curry. Once cooled store in airtight clean jar and refrigerate.
DMK chief MK Stalin on Sunday hit out at the Election Commission for not announcing by-elections to two Tamil Nadu assembly constituencies citing monsoon as the reason and said it was not a ‘justifiable’ decision. Expressing ‘surprise’ at the Election Commission’s decision, he said by-elections had been held in the state in the past during the North East Monsoon season, between October-December. The by-poll for RK Nagar constituency, held to fill the vacancy caused by the death of late chief minister Jayalalithaa, was conducted only during the monsoon season in December last year, he pointed out. The Election Commission while announcing the poll schedule for five states and by-elections in Karnataka on Saturday had said Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary Girija Vaidyanathan had written a letter asking the commission not to announce the poll dates as there was forecast of cyclones and rains in the state. “The EC putting off bypolls citing a letter by the state Chief Secretary and the monsoon does not appear to be a unbiased and justifiable decision,” Mr Stalin said in a statement. By-polls are due in Thiruvarur and Thirupparankundram assembly constituencies which fell vacant after the death of DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi on August 7 and AIADMK lawmaker AK Bose on August 2 respectively. Chief Election Commissioner OP Rawat had said the Election Commission would announce the by-poll after ascertaining the situation. Mr Stalin said by-polls for three assembly constituencies in the state when J Jayalalithaa was hospitalised in 2016 were also held during monsoon season in November. Claiming that the ruling AIADMK was afraid of facing elections, he accused it of avoiding the by-polls through the Chief Secretary. Senior AIADMK leader and Lok Sabha Deputy Speaker M Thambidurai sought to dismiss the opposition party’s charge and said the Election Commission was an independent and powerful body which none can influence. Defending the Chief Secretary’s communication, Revenue Minister RB Udhayakumar said in Madurai that the government has the responsibility to apprise the commission of the prevailing situation in the state.
Whiplash Injuries: If you have ever had to deal with the pain of whiplash you know how it can impact every aspect of your life. Daily tasks can be painful or even impossible to carry out. Even milder cases can make it difficult to turn your head from side to side. Whiplash can cause chronic pain and keep you from doing many of the activities that you enjoy. Chiropractic is a very effective treatment for whiplash injuries that not only helps with pain management; it also helps you heal faster. Your chiropractor can recommend exercises you can do at home between treatments and other lifestyle changes that will facilitate your healing and improve flexibility. What Is Whiplash? Whiplash is a term that describes an injury that is typically focused in the neck and spine. It is caused when the head and neck is thrown in one direction very unexpectedly and quickly, then is thrust in the opposite direction. The head is whipped quickly, usually front to back. It can be whipped from side to side though. Most people associate whiplash with car accidents, but even just turning one way while a child tugs your arm in another direction can cause it. Anything that jerks your head suddenly has the possibility to cause whiplash. What Damage Does Whiplash Cause? The damage that is caused by whiplash is called a vertebral subluxation. It is the most common source of discomfort and pain that is caused by injuries due to whiplash. There are different kinds, caused by tension and emotional stress, poor sleeping positions, bad posture, weak muscles, and inadequate diet. This type of subluxation is caused by injury and a chiropractor can diagnose the injury and treat it. The injury from whiplash is in the neck and spine, but the pain can extend to the head, arms, shoulders, hips, and legs. You can experience frequent headaches, numbness and tingling in your hands, and have difficulty walking or moving about. The pain can range from stiffness and soreness to stabbing and sharp. The injury can affect various nerves, causing blurred vision, dizziness, low back pain, ear ringing, and even problems with your internal organs. Chiropractic Treatment For Whiplash Chiropractors will use different techniques to relieve the pain of whiplash and help with healing. - Chiropractic Adjustment – The chiropractor performs spinal manipulation to gently move the joints into alignment. This will help to align the body to relieve pain and encourage healing. - Muscle Stimulation and Relaxation – This involves stretches the muscles that are affected, relieving tension and helping them to relax. Finger pressure techniques may also be combined with the stretching to relieve pain. - McKenzie Exercises – These exercises help with disc derangement that whiplash causes. They are first performed in the chiropractor’s office, but the patient can be taught how to do them at home. This helps the patient have some degree of control in their own healing. Each whiplash case is different. A chiropractor will evaluate the patient and determine the appropriate treatment on a case by case basis. Different cases of whiplash have different symptoms. The chiropractor will determine the best course of treatment that will relieve your pain and restore your mobility and flexibility. Any accident that causes whiplash injuries can result in the vertebrae moving out of alignment. This can damage and irritate the spinal nerves. Even whiplash from years ago can still affect you if you never saw a chiropractor. Your spine can still be out of alignment and injury or trauma from years ago can cause problems that seem unrelated. Whiplash can be far more serious than you may realize.
Sabisha Friedberg explores the notion of levitation through a series of forms, both visual and aural. Drawing upon arcane sciences, contemporary non-linear theory, and ELF/subwoofer culture, the artist presents a personal metaphysical landscape addressing the notions of suspension, tension, and gravitational defiance. The elements are a combination of interpreted archaic lore, wry manifold coding, and the metaphor of a ‘hovering’ in acoustic space. Through her installation, Friedberg introduces new and antiquated technologies, reverse processes using analogue and digital sources, and the application of linear calculations imbued with sacred number systems. She references both the esoteric and scientific aspects of telekinesis, with the premise that sound as vibration – beginning with thought – has a “certain power of the unseen.”* Presented in triads of a devised language, the texts, visuals and audio works evolve in a phasic manner in both action and form over the course of the exhibition period. *Blavatsky, The Secret Doctrine. Written while drinking potions and projecting her double
As the holidays draw nearer, we’ve been seeing a lot of “how not to drink during the holidays” type pieces circling around online. While we love this sentiment (we’ve actually written about before here, here, and here) and we love some people’s takes on the subject, it’s clear that some people really don’t understand the concept of a person having a drinking problem or addiction to alcohol. At the much-anticipated premier of Office Christmas Party, the always lovely and hilarious Olivia Munn said that she cuts herself off after one drink “because it’s way more fun to remember everything than to…black out.” Sounds like the perfect plan, right? It’s simple. Just don’t drink more than one alcoholic beverage and your holidays will be joyous and filled with memories that you will always remember. Alas, it’s the perfect plan for “normal” people, ie: people who don’t have issues with alcohol addiction. Not to throw Olivia under the bus (and I’m totally not – love her!) but what she said got me thinking about how this is how most people approach drinking – as something that can be controlled. Most of America thinks that drinking is a socially acceptable pastime but the truth is that underneath all of that intoxicated holiday cheer, could be someone who is merely trying to cover up their suffering. In fact, 17.6 million people (that’s 1 in 12 adults) suffer from alcohol abuse or dependence, according to the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence. That means that, at the very least, one person at any of your holiday parties is currently struggling with alcoholism or has in the past. So, how can you attend a party this holiday season without reaching for a drink? Look for Others Who Aren’t Drinking – and Make Like BFFs One of our favorite sober bloggers, Kristi Coulter says, “Gamify it: go in with a list of people you want to talk to and make it happen. Or pay attention to who isn’t drinking. If the overall vibe is getting too boozy, home in on another non-drinker and chat about something. It doesn’t really matter what. You’re just looking for a place to anchor yourself and a reminder that totally normal people do these things sober all the time.” BYOF (Bring Your Own Friends) Better yet, BYOF (bring your own friends). Invite one or two of your most supportive friends to help you steer clear of that trendy bar cart with its fancy cocktails and its chic barware. Plus, bringing your own social circle will ensure you always have someone to talk to. Don’t Let FOMO Get You Down If you feel like the party is getting too boozy for you to handle – there is always the option to leave. Get out of there and do something that brings you more happiness than being surrounded by a bunch of intoxicated people you may or may not like. Don’t let FOMO get the best of you. Trust us, you’re not missing anything. Do yourself one better and call your sponsor/sober companion and talk it out. Chances are, they’ve been right where you are and will know all the right things to do and say. Keep Responses in Your Back Pocket People will ask you why you’re not drinking. It’s an inevitable truth of sobriety. Be prepared with an answer that you feel most comfortable with. If you are ready to share about your recovery or sobriety then you go Glen Coco! However, if you feel uneasy just thinking about talking about it just say something like, “I’m taking it easy tonight,” and change the subject. No one needs to really know your business anyway. Just Say No and Don’t Go I’m going to leave you with one last tip: just say no. To your party invites, I mean. You don’t have to go to anything that you don’t feel quite ready for yet. Especially if you are still in your first year of recovery or you’re newly sober, sometimes it easier to simply not attend. It’s okay to say no to things that you really don’t want to do. As you RSVPs roll in, keep this list in mind. You are more in charge than you allow yourself to be. I hope this helps you – let me know if it did in the comments below and if you have any tips of your own – I’d love to hear them. If you are reading this as someone who is currently struggling with alcohol addiction, call The Discovery House today at the number below.
Sorry you are unauthorized to download this file. If you have an account with this site, you can try the following links to download the file: This link is a direct download of the file, enter you username and password and the download will start. Redirect to Page: This link will redirect you to a download page, enter your username and password to be redirect to that page.
One of the fast growing & trust online store for Indian Branded Beauty , Health, Herbal, Ayurvedic, Natural, Agri, Homeo, Lifestyle and Groceries Products. We Ship Orders Internationally & Delivery Worldwide with in 5 to 9 working days. Free Express shipping for order value above 75 SGD. Our online store listed More than 2500 Brands and 50000 plus products. New Brands and Products are added reqularly. A Happy Place To Shop Online For Indian Branded Products. Buy safely and securely - PayDollar.com and Ccavenue.com handles your personal & financial information and protects every transaction, so shop with confidence. Free Expedited Shipping for all orders over 75 SGD Quality & Expert Service | Unbetable & Competitive Price | Customer Satisfaction | Steady Growth Disclaimer : Indian Products Store Singapore Description [ IndianProducts.com.sg ] : Information, statements and products on this website / online store have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, mitigate, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition © 2013-2020 Indian Products Store All Rights Reserved. Ecommerce Division of LinLax InFoTech Private Limited, India.
A beautifully presented farmhouse in Haunton benefitting from a recent renovation and a 2.5 plot! 18th September 2018 An immaculately presented and individual detached farmhouse dating back to the 1600s, showcasing a wealth of charm and character, renovated and remodelled interiors and a superb mature plot of 2.5 acres including landscaped gardens, a range of outbuildings and stunning views over open countryside to the rear. Glebe Farm in Haunton is currently on the market at £750,000 and internal viewings are highly advised! Set in a picturesque location within the designated Conservation Area of the Mease Valley, Glebe Farm was a project undertaken by the current vendors around four years ago and now features upgraded and much improved accommodation including a bespoke kitchen with Quartz worktops with an open plan living and dining room off, stunning luxury bathroom suites and a high spec finish throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises of a gable porch, sitting room with wood burning fireplace, an impressive open plan living and dining room opening into the bespoke kitchen, spacious hallway, utility room and cloakroom to the ground floor, with three double bedrooms to the first floor serviced by a luxury master en suite and a family bathroom. Glebe Farm sits on a generous plot totalling around 2.5 acres, with electric gates opening to an ample driveway which is turn leads to the landscaped gardens. Within the superb mature plot are three outbuildings currently used for storage and a brick dog kennel but being ideal for conversion into stabling for equestrian use if required, and the mature plot overlooks stunning views over the Mease Valley and leads to the stream to the end of the generous plot. Glebe Farm is serviced by wooden framed double glazing and oil fired central heating. Nestled within idyllic countryside between Tamworth and Lichfield, the tranquil village of Haunton is home to a rural community popular with both families and couples alike. The village is home to a primary school and village hall with further amenities including a village shop/post office and the White Lion pub being situation in the popular village of Harlaston. Glebe Farm is ideally placed for links to the A38 and M42, a regular bus route runs through the village and rail stations in Lichfield and Tamworth both provide direct links to London, Birmingham, Crewe and beyond.
to activate your rebate. Get 25 Off 999, 20 Off 599 or 15 Off 199 Regular-priced nursery furniture purchase. Now you are good to continue your purchase. Expired: Jan 28, 2018, details: Buy More, Save More! Promo Save Get Deal 25 OFF Graco Playards Expired: Feb 10, 2018 Details: Save 25 OFF Graco Playards at Babies R Us! Marco's pizza rapid city coupons Theme parks discount coupons Chibis indoor playground coupons Free contact eye exam coupons Trending Deals, where to find the latest Babies R Us coupon codes? Paste the coupon code into something like "Promo code" or "Coupon code" or "Discount code" box at checkout page on Babies R Us website. Once you have made it to the payment step, you will find the promotional code box there. You'll love this system and all 18 ways to ride! This is due to the fact that all of the codes that you see here are limited-time deals. Save on all things big and small with CouponAnnie today! The Tested-seal shows which offers have been tested by our coupon enthusiasts and when. Code, save, show Code 15 OFF Any One Baby Gear Or Furniture Item. Because there are too many codes are updated everyday, maybe we have no time to check out them one by one. Option state of nine coupon code 2: You can check out our large assortment of other deals for your baby.
“Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.” – Lucille Ball Wow what a title! Amiright?! Anyways, lets move on to the matter in hand. After a period of self-growth and finding the person I am, or the person I was destined to become. I see how growing up I had my self-esteem shredded and how I became a sad sack of shit. So, when people ask me why and how come I don’t speak to certain family members, I remember the comments about my weight, about my skin, about my looks. I remember how I was told that if I was fat, I would end up alone. I believed it so much I starved myself, how I threw up my food. How there was always a blind eye to it, reading this will be hard. But that’s life, so suck it up. I will continue my whole life with a weird relationship with food, how I was told that food was the enemy and how staying away from it made me, attractive. I wish this was the worst thing I was told growing up. But thinking about how Cas and I will NEVER be able to have ice cream together or a piece of cake, because that alone triggers me to do some horrible stuff to myself… That upsets me. How I have to had to grow up with comments that I’m ugly and unlovable has put its mark on me. So, so, bad that just taking a picture of myself can bring out the fear of god in me. And let’s not forget how I will always have to wear baggy clothes because skin tight clothes make me feel like a whale. Oh yeah, I suffer from body dysmorphia1. My childhood scars will have to rip away some childhood memories with Cas, and thinking of that makes me mad! But I’m in recovery, which is all you can ask for a person in my position. So why at the age of 25, going on 26, made me decide to recover from childhood trauma and decide to break away from the thoughts and build up my self-esteem? (if you are waiting for some big surprise with confetti, you are reading the wrong blog mate) Cas and Dines. Simple and easy. I want our life together to be as simple as apple pie, I want my son to take my hand and say “mum, it’s time for ice cream” and we will sit on the beach watching the waves come in. I want Dines and I to have a date night, where I don’t go up on the weight, like I’ve done every morning, and say “hey, let’s go out” instead of me staring at him saying “we can’t” – it isn’t fair on these two souls. So cheers for recovery and for fighting back, no matter how old you are.
With summer, comes BBQs, beach days and dining out with family and friends, if you’re trying to lose weight or maintain your healthy lifestyle, a big part of being successful is having the freedom to enjoy the things you love and not feel deprived. Strike the right balance with this ultimate summer dining out guide from Mandi Knowles, dietitian for South Beach Diet. - Be choosy. Don’t default to your neighborhood greasy spoon just for the sake of dining out. Try a new restaurant and make it a special occasion. - Go online before you dine. Most restaurants post their menus online. Make a game plan beforehand so you won’t be tempted by unhealthier options in-person. - Know your meal plan. Commit to ordering foods like lean protein and veggies steering clear of calorie bomb add-ons like heavy dressings and condiments. - Don’t show up starving. Don’t skip out on breakfast or snacks so you can splurge. Showing up overly hungry makes you likely to overindulge. Plus, skipping meals could lead to a blood sugar crash and subsequent snacking, throwing you off track. - Be the portion police. Restaurant portions are often two or three times the amount you need for any given meal. Consider sharing an entrée with a friend, saving half your meal for later, ordering from the kid’s menu or choosing a few healthy appetizers instead of a full meal. - 6. Start green. Start with a side salad to sneak in a serving of veggies and prevent overdoing it once your main meal arrives. Hold the croutons and cheese and ask for the dressing on the side. - Have it your way. Don’t be afraid to ask for what you want. Seek out lighter preparations. Think steamed, broiled and grilled instead of breaded, battered and fried. Switch preparations, substitute ingredients, nix the butter or cream and if that’s not possible, ask your server to point you to healthier selections. - Make reservations. Nothing’s worse than waiting when you’re hungry. Before you know it, you’re seated and your desperate tummy is calling the shots. - Stay hydrated. According to a study published by the National Center for Biotechnology Information, drinking just over two cups of water 30 minutes before a meal helped dieters consume fewer calories and lose 44 percent more weight than those who didn’t hydrate before meals. Bring a water bottle in the car with you so you feel fuller when you arrive. - End with coffee. Skip dessert and enjoy a coffee, tea or espresso to give your stomach time to signal your brain that you’re full. Plus, you’re ending the meal with a pick that’s not packed with sugar, processed carbs and unhealthy fats. For more great tips, visit palm.southbeachdiet.com. With these simple strategies, you can visit all your favorite restaurants without any guilt or risk of sabotaging your healthy lifestyle.
किताबें पढ़ने के लिए Would आप read this? So um, I'm trying to write this book... it's about a girl named Nova. she lives in a world where the supernatural is natural. Everyone has supernatural powers. 1 in 500,000 people is born without powers, and they are killed by the Government. The Government is basically, well, a government on steroids. So back to the plot. In this world, if you don't have your power by the time you're 14, you're sent to the Government and they either kill you or test you to see if you eventually get your power. And by the time Nova turns 14, she still hasn't found her power. She could either stay and most likely be killed by the Government, or she could risk her life and run away. Whichever choice she makes will change her life forever. Would anyone read this? किताबें पढ़ने के लिए 1 reply
British ‘ghost ships’ en route to Japan to collect enough plutonium for 80 nuclear warheads – report They are likely being shadowed by a Royal Navy submarine. The Pacific Heron and the Pacific Egret are currently en route to Japan after departing Barrow-in-Furness, England, in January. The vessels are to travel across the Atlantic before passing through the Panama Canal and into the Pacific, Mail Online reported. Once the ships arrive in Japan, they will pick up 331 kilograms of plutonium – enough to make 80 nuclear warheads. However, the ultimate destination is a US nuclear storage facility in South Carolina, to which the ships will set off after collecting their nuclear cargo in Japan. “The cargo is invaluable and part of a secret trade in fissile materials between the likes of the UK and US. The biggest risk is a fire or an external missile strike,” nuclear expert John Large told Mail Online on Sunday. He added that “this is bomb-grade nuclear material and a terror group or rogue state would want to intercept it.” Due to this risk, it is believed that the vessels are each armed with 20mm cannon, guarded by up to 25 commandos, and likely shadowed by a Royal Navy submarine. The Heron and the Egret, each of which weigh about 6,700 tons fully loaded, belong to the UK’s Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA). A spokesman from International Nuclear Services, an NDA subsidiary, confirmed the mission. “I can confirm that the specialist nuclear cargo vessels are currently taking part in a voyage but, in accordance with normal procedures, I can’t disclose any operational details for security reasons,” he told Mail Online. The mission has been criticized by the British group Cumbrians Opposed to a Radioactive Environment (CORE), which tracks the transport of nuclear materials around the world. The group’s spokesman, Martin Forwood, called the mission “wholly unnecessary” and a “significant security threat.” “The practice of shipping this plutonium to the US as a safeguard is completely undermined by deliberately exposing this prime terrorist material to a lengthy sea transport, during which it will face everyday maritime risks and targeting by those with hostile intentions,” Forwood said in a statement.
Practice and Display Board A2 0015 This board works perfectly as a display board due to the size, its also the perfect size to fit in a clip frame so it can be used at jobs to display your designs Training Tried & Tested have come up with the perfect tool for face painters. Designed by Sally-Ann Lynch who is a working face painter and trainer and realised that these are an essential bit of kit for any professional Face Painter. These boards are perfect for practicing and display and they wipe clean away, ready to practice all over again or create a new display board for your Client or for when you are out on a job. They can also be used by henna and make-up artists and for educational purposes. These boards are of the highest of quality and are made to last. The pratice boards are made of a sturdy smooth plastic that allows your brush to flow smoothly for perfect strokes. The four faces also means that you can do two feminine design and two masculine designs. They wipe clean away and are all ready to start over again and again. Painting on these boards will be the closest substitute for actual skin. A great investment to your kit. These are the perfect tool to showcase and display your work with the ability to practice on too. Also perfect for make-up artists and other mediums – such as Henna, Glitter tattoos and special effects. This board is A2 in size and is made from Duplex Plastic - made in the UK
Overview. EY (formerly Ernst & Young) is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. EY employ thousands of people worldwide. They are all united by shared values, inspiring EY’s people worldwide and guiding them to do the right thing. There is a committed to a quality practice that is embedded in who they are and everything they do. Designer Group carried out the electrical fit-out works for the EY office in Harcourt Street Dublin. The building is a first for Designer Group in that is utilizes LED light fittings in almost every area; LED technology is utilized to light approximately 98% of the floor area within the premises. The office areas fittings were supplied by Philips lighting, an automatic lighting control system is in place to ensure economical usage. The project spanned multiple levels and was carried out over eight phases within a live working environment in a busy city centre location.
Published by SchoolAdvisor on Feb 07, 2020, 11:54 AM The future is both exciting and a frightening topic to talk about. For one thing, have you ever thought about the kind of jobs that might exist in two or three decades? With how fast technology is advancing, and the way cultures and beliefs of people are progressing, the job scope of the future are limitless. It is being said that the kind of jobs today’s students will have in the future do not even exist now. To have a glimpse on what kind of job scope we are talking about here, take a look at our list: Nostalgists will be interior designers for the wealthy elderly with custom-designed living spaces aimed at recreating positive effects for the elderly. The nostalgists will specialize in recreating memories for the retired by completely changing their homes to resemble their favorite decade. From the teal carpets of the ’80s to the wood paneling of the ’70s, whatever it is, the nostalgist will get it done. So, a nostalgist’s role will be a combination of an interior designer, a therapist and a historical researcher. Bioremediation is the future, and we need biofilm installers to get the job done. Biofilms are a collection of microorganisms that are formed together to create living spaces. Bioremediation is the use of biofilms to neutralize or remove any contamination from wastes. By the next couple of decades, a biofilm installer will coat certain surfaces such as the bathroom or kitchen with biofilm and everyone will be able to process sewage and waste right under their own roof. A biofilm installer will work closely with biochemists, microbiologists, plumbers, carpenters and general contractors. They are expected to be independent workers. Company Culture Ambassador The working culture in the office has been evolving and companies are now prioritizing their employees’ satisfaction with the workplace. This is where the company culture ambassador comes in. As a company culture ambassador, they will be in charge of maintaining a positive work culture in the office. Their tasks would include coordinating events, routinely checking in with the employees and addressing any concerns. Organ Implant Designer The amount of organ donors has depleted over the years but 2030 will introduce a new technology that will change the world of healthcare forever. Thanks to 3D printing, medical researchers are now looking into the possibility of bioprinting live tissues and organs using the patient’s own cells and hopefully, they will succeed within the next decade. Hence, organ implant designers will be much in demand! Curriculum Standards Officer It has long been acknowledged that a good education plan is one that caters to each of the students’ set of needs and skills. But that is easier said than done. So how do we ensure that these individual students’ needs are met while still ensuring that the whole class is receiving the same core skills and knowledge needed for the next level? We look for a curriculum standards officer. The curriculum standards officer’s main job will be to design plans that are suitable for each individual learning style, give necessary recommendations to teachers and evaluate classroom activities and projects for these students. The future job prospects for hackers is bright and promising, especially with the rise of cyberattacks. By 2030, ethical hackers will be the ultimate cybersecurity expert that every company needs. Just like a malicious hacker, they will exploit vulnerabilities but fix them before the bad guys arrive. Basically, they will break into systems legally and professionally to find the loopholes and then help to close them. Augmented Reality Architects No longer a science fiction concept augmented reality (AR) has come a long way and it’s staying for a long time too. AR is an interactive experience of the real, physical world in which elements are enhanced by computer-generated input. Even IKEA has integrated AR for their customers’ benefit. In the future, augmented reality architects will design and create a smoother AR for everyone. Their job will be incredibly sought after as more sectors such as education will begin to implement AR for a more effective learning experience for students. So, how do you prepare today’s children for jobs that do not even exist? The answer is that both students and education will need to keep up with these changing times. The students and the education system cannot expect to remain the same as it was even a decade ago. While students should learn to be more creative and open-minded, education systems will have to be more progressive. Why boarding may be the best fit for your child Top IGCSE Results for Nexus International School How to Start Communicating Effectively with Your Teenage Child We'll send a list to your inbox, once a week. Subscribe now! Talk to our counselor now
While vehicle wraps have recently cemented themselves as a way to transform personal vehicles into dream cars, they are still one of the most effective outdoor advertising mediums. Vehicle advertising has grown since the early days of print and cut lettering, and the wrap industry is now at the forefront of modern marketing. Despite the shift to digital marketing, advertising wraps cut through the clutter and make your advertising stand out from the competition. Like any advertising medium, vehicle wraps require designers on the cutting edge of their field to create effective designs to drive your sales. To keep the guesswork out of your wrap design, IDWraps is ranking the top vehicle advertising wrap trends of 2020. One of the simplest ways to up your wrap game is to play with finishes! Matte vinyl films are taking the color change wrap market by storm, but this finish can also be incorporated into advertising wraps for a modern twist. IDWraps offers protective overlaminate in both gloss and matte finishes which can add contrast to your wrap design. Choose a fresh matte finish for your base wrap, then utilize the high gloss laminate on your logos to make them POP. Or, you can add some pizzazz to your wrap by incorporating reflective accents using 3M’s new printable reflective vehicle film. In the daytime, the reflective film has an almost shimmery finish, but is highly reflective once the sun goes down. Reflective film will also increase the reach of your vehicle advertising by making it stand out even on the darkest days. Go for the wrap advertising trend trifecta and try utilizing all three finishes in your design for maximum impact! This definitely is one of the advertising wrap trends that is here to stay, so don’t be afraid to play with different finishes. Make it Personal Our highly connected culture means its more important than ever before to make your brand stand out from the competition. The best way to do that is to determine your company’s “secret sauce”. What do you offer your clients that your competitors just can’t match? What takes your business a step above the rest? It’s no longer enough to situate yourself as just another brand, your competitive edge needs to be front and center in all your advertising. Unique taglines are a fantastic way to incorporate your competitive advantage into your advertising wrap. Our design staff has the skills to take your “secret sauce” and turn it into an effective tagline for your business. This adds a personal touch to your wrap, while also giving potential customers something to remember you by. We don’t remember every advertising wrap we drive past, but smart and quippy taglines always make a strong and lasting impression. The next trend is full coverage wraps. While full vehicle wraps are nothing new, their popularity has grown in recent years. With vehicle advertising becoming a key marketing tool, businesses must take advantage of all available ad space on a vehicle. While 1/2 and 3/4 wraps effectively turn your regular car into a company vehicle, the end result is less impactful advertising. Take full advantage of your moving billboard with a full wrap! Full wraps also open up design opportunities that you just can’t get with a partial wrap. For example, partial wrap designs look best on a flat white or black vehicle. Other paint colors will limit the color palette of a partial wrap design (there is nothing worse than color clash!). With a full wrap, you are not constrained by the current paint color on your vehicle. IDWraps only uses high quality wrap films that offer 100% coverage, so even the brightest paint colors will disappear. We are winding down our list of 2020 vehicle advertising wrap trends with a new favorite at IDWraps: embossed vinyl! This is a technique we used on our own company van, and we truly love the effect it gives. The end result may look complicated, but this technique is as simple as placing pre-cut vinyl shapes under the advertising wrap. This is a cost-effective way to add flair to your wrap, especially if you are a fan of simple designs.
What is IAPA? Illinois Activity Professionals Association is a statewide organization providing educational and networking opportunities for Activity Professionals in the State of Illinois. Who are you? You are the activity professional! You are the lifeline that brings people quality to their life. We know a life without purposeful activity leads to boredom, hopelessness, helplessness, depression and decline of cognitive and physical abilities. What you do can stop and reverse these losses through involvement in life. By offering options of enjoyment, usefulness, relationship, and being part of a community. What you do is so important in assuring people have the opportunity to function at their fullest, physical, mental and social potential honoring their individuality through person centered programming. YOU give quality of life daily to each individual you serve. This is who you are. Through education and network, IAPA strives to: Assist activity and other healthcare professionals in acquiring and maintaining professional licenses and certifications. Provide members the tools needed to develop meaningful programming for those we serve. Prepare members to offer diverse program options to meet the needs of every individual by maintaining excellence in leisure programming. The annual conference at the Parke Regency Hotel and Conference Center, Bloomington has been cancelled. We will instead hold a virtual conference October 7th and 8th. Click the button below to register! For any questions, call Deb Greiner 773-744-8138 Our 2019 Conference Discount on annual educational conference Quarterly newsletter of up-to-date information and resources Opportunity for certification Annual recognition awards We value your input and opinion and all IAPA members are encouraged to attend Board meetings. We need those of you who are willing and able to help us set goals and stay on target for the future success and effectiveness of IAPA.
Sometimes it seems like there is no end to what needs to be insured for your business. General liability, workers' compensation, health insurance, product liability…. Most business owners are well aware of general insurance coverages. Below are additional specialty policies that address unique industries, concerns and eventualities. While each coverage may not apply to every business, many are applicable to a host of small businesses. A bailee is an individual or business that takes temporary possession of a customer's property, such as a dry cleaner or valet. From the moment you issue a receipt acknowledging that you have taken custody of the customer's property until that property is returned, bailee insurance covers all losses and damages to the property. Business interruption insurance covers loss of income when you are required to close your business as a result of a disaster or malfunction. According to an Allianz Global Claims Review for 2010 to 2014, the average value of a BI claim was $2 million. Allianz Top 10 Causes of Business Interruption: - Fire and explosion - Machinery breakdown - Faulty design/material/manufacturing - Cast loss (entertainment) - Human error/operating error - Power interruption While property insurance may cover the cost of damages to your building, it will not cover the sudden halt of your income stream. BI provides coverage until your business is operational again. For companies that collect and store client information, Data Breach Insurance offers protection for when your computer network is hacked and customer information stolen. Loss of Personal Identifiable Information is a serious concern. In 2014, over one billion records were stolen through data breaches, with an average cost per breach of $3.79 million, according to the 2015 Cost of Data Breach Study: Global Analysis. Most DB policies cover expenses from informing customers of the breach and public relations to identity protection solutions and legal expenses. Directors and Officers Directors and Officers (D&O) insurance covers your corporation against claims made due to the wrongful actions of your directors and officers. In a recent survey conducted by Chubb Group of Insurance Companies, one in eight businesses had experienced a D&O lawsuit within the past five years, costing an average of $225,682 to litigate and settle. D&O is usually purchased in packages with varying levels of coverage to pay defense costs, settlement fees and judgments for when the corporation cannot indemnify its directors or officers. Coverage can be extended to cover the company itself. Fidelity bonds protect your company from employee misconduct and cover anything from theft and property damage to embezzlement of pension funds. You can purchase blanket coverage, which protects against all employees, or scheduled coverage, which protects against only certain individuals. The Employment Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) requires that companies offering pension plans purchase an ERISA fidelity bond equal to 10% of the total pension plan assets to protect against illegal mishandling of accounts. Inland Marine policies cover goods in transit over land, whether by truck, train or airplane, and extends to goods stored at docks or warehouses. There are two types of IMI: Peril and All-Risk. Peril policies allow you to specify individual risks to the assets you want covered. All-Risk policies insure against damage and loss regardless of the cause. While shipping companies offer insurance on the assets they move, these companies have limits. FedEx and UPS set specific limitations on the maximum value that can be insured on any package. For businesses shipping high-end items, such as artwork, jewels or precious stones, these values may not provide enough coverage. According to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, 71% of firms surveyed said their success was very dependent upon the production of one or two key employees. Key Employee insurance protects against the death or sudden disability of those employees. A Key Employee is an individual whose loss would cause severe negative financial consequences to your business. Key Employee policies vary depending upon the industry and the expected loss of income that would follow in the wake of the employee's demise. Patent Infringement insurance protects your business from claims that you have—knowingly or not—violated a patent-holder's rights. The policy covers the legal costs associated with this accusation. Many entrepreneurs make the mistake of not properly protecting their company from patent infringement lawsuits. It is worth considering that 629,647 patents were applied for in 2015 alone. Even if you are not aware that your company's “new” product is already under patent by someone else, you can still be sued for infringement. The American Intellectual Property Association found that the average patent lawsuit (with $1 million to $25 million at risk) will cost $2.8 million through final disposition. Few businesses can shoulder these legal fees. Trade Credit insurance protects businesses that deliver goods or services on credit from financial losses which a client does not or cannot pay. For instance, if a client goes bankrupt and cannot pay the debt owed, TCI covers the loss of income. TCI extends to losses due to political upheaval and war. Policies can even be structured to insure single high-risk transactions, or transactions with certain individual risky customers. TCI is most common in facilitating international trade by allowing businesses to import and export goods and services on credit (accounts receivable). This is essential in a globalized economy. In 2013, the credit insurance company Euler Hermes provided coverage for global business transactions worth $789 billion. That's a lot of business.
Parts Life, Inc. Named 7th Fastest-Growing, Private Company in the Philadelphia Region Updated: Jun 13, 2019 Press Release October 24, 2012 Philadelphia, PA (October 24, 2012) – Parts Life, Inc. an industry renowned company whose focus is providing customized non-electronic parts to support the Defense, Aerospace, Heavy Duty, and Automotive industries, today announced it has been ranked among the Philadelphia 100 as the 7th fastest-growing, privately-held entrepreneurial companies in the Greater Philadelphia Region. The 100 fastest growing organizations in the region are ranked by verified revenue growth from 2009-2012. The 2012 Philadelphia 100, organized by Philadelphia 100, Wharton Small Business Center, the Entrepreneurs’ Forum of Greater Philadelphia, and the Philadelphia Business Journal, is a merit-based program that recognizes the 100 fastest- growing, privately-held businesses in the Philadelphia region. "It is an incredible honor to be nominated and recognized as one of the leading companies in the Greater Philadelphia Area," Sam Thevanayagam, President/ CEO Parts Life, Inc. Parts Life, Inc. is an innovative company focused on providing customized non-electronic parts to support the Defense, Aerospace, Heavy Duty, and Automotive industries. Known for our agility, efficiency and affordability, Parts Life, Inc. supports your assets by providing life cycle sustainment and service life extension to your mission-critical systems. As your aging systems may require, we provide obsolete part resolution to extend the life of your expensive assets. Our company has earned a reputation of excellence and achievement in quality and performance by working closely with our customers to support individual needs.
When Everyone Thinks You're 'Lazy,' but They Don't See Your Fibromyalgia Pain 2003. Saw a rheumatologist for the first time. Fourteen of 14 “hot spots” positive. Diagnosis: Fibromyalgia. I had just turned 23 in June. I had a 2-year-old son and a 1-month-old daughter. For years, I had trouble getting out of bed, pain throughout my body. I never got enough sleep. I cried when no one was looking. When I told my husband about my appointment and the doctor’s diagnosis, his response was, “Don’t think you’re going to just lay around and be lazy like [friend’s wife] does… It’s no excuse.” Lazy. That’s what I was. Working 40+ hours a week. Taking care of the kids and house. Doing the shopping. Paying the bills. Cooking the meals. Lazy. Because I had to pull myself up when I bent over. Because I left my clothes in a basket after putting everyone else’s things away. Because we had cold sandwiches for dinner. Because I waited to shop at 3 a.m. after the kids were asleep. Lazy. Because fibromyalgia isn’t real. It’s just an excuse to be lazy. Lazy? Managing a household and two children? Pushing myself to exhaustion because I had no help? Crawling from room to room to make bottles, change diapers, gather laundry? Going without meds because they are “addicting and unnecessary?” OK. I won’t be lazy. I’ll keep doing everything and saying nothing. I’ll take care of everyone, not myself. I’ll make sure everyone has everything they need. I won’t bother anyone with my pain or tears. I’ll push myself past my limits to make sure everyone is happy and content. The first time I wanted to die was 2009. I didn’t want to kill myself. I just wanted it to be over. When I saw the basket of dirty laundry, I was a failure. When my kids went to bed without a bath, I was a failure. When my husband screamed at me as he heated up a can of soup for dinner, I was a failure. I was a failure. Not a wife, mother, caretaker, housekeeper, chef, maid. Lazy. Not unable to function, just unwilling. “If you’d just get out of bed, you’d feel better.” OK. Out of bed. Made it to the couch. Spent three days on the couch. Lazy. For 11 years, that’s what I was to everyone. No one saw the clean house, the happy kids, the hot meals. All they saw was a mother who neglected her kids by putting on their favorite movie to keep them occupied, who didn’t finish the laundry and always had one basket of clothes that weren’t put away, who would pull clean dishes out of the dishwasher for every meal and never just put them away. I neglected myself, to ensure my family had everything they needed. I didn’t matter. My pain and exhaustion didn’t matter. As long as my family was taken care of. I didn’t see the doctor regularly, because nothing was wrong with me. I was just lazy. I wasn’t lazy. I worked my ass off. I cared for everyone around me, made sure they were happy and healthy. I smiled and laughed. No one, not even my husband, knew the truth. I hid everything, because if I didn’t, he would get angry. I barbecued for his friends, because I was an excellent cook. I cleaned everything up, because they were guests! They shouldn’t have to do the cleaning. They are there to enjoy themselves, have a good time. ‘I’ll take care of it, no worries.’ No one saw. I didn’t let them. I didn’t want pity or attention. I just wanted to be happy, for my family to be happy. I spent three days on the couch. My mom came and got the kids, because my husband couldn’t keep me awake. He didn’t know what else to do. In brief coherence, he told me I needed to go to the hospital, because I wasn’t acting normal. I refused. I told him I was tired, that I just wanted to sleep. He let me sleep. When I finally woke up, we talked. I told him everything. The fatigue, the pain, the tears. He asked if I had taken something I shouldn’t have. I hadn’t taken something I should have. I didn’t take meds, because they were “addicting and unnecessary,” but I should have. I didn’t ask for help because I didn’t want to fight, but I should have. I didn’t let myself rest because I didn’t want to be lazy, but I should have. He cried. I cried. We divorced four months later. Do not hide. Do not push past your limits. Do not think your loved ones won’t understand. Make them understand. You’re not lazy. You’re not a failure. You just have fibromyalgia. And it sucks. It gets better. But it can’t if you try to do it alone. It’s OK to ask for help. It’s OK to take your meds. It’s OK to let that basket of laundry sit for another day. Fibromyalgia is real. But no one will ever understand if we hide. MORE ABOUT FIBROMYALGIA: Fibromyalgia, a chronic illness with three main symptoms — widespread pain, chronic fatigue and cognitive trouble. Fibromyalgia is a complicated illness that’s not well understood. In the past, it was mischaracterized as a mental health disorder. Even today, some doctors wave off fibro symptoms as being “all in your head.” This isn’t the case. Read The Mighty’s comprehensive guide to fibromyalgia here. Click here to join our fibro community and connect with people who get it. Getty photo by Punnarong
Can this new drink save your life? Medical breakthrough unveiled in treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Sydney, Australia – 13 October 2016 – Type 2 diabetes is one of Australia’s fastest growing diseases. It’s known as “the silent killer” and it’s estimated that over nearly half a million Australians have the condition without even knowing it. When it strikes, for many people, it comes without warning. Medical experts believe it is THE biggest medical challenge facing Australia’s health system. The total annual cost to the health system to treat diabetes is nearly $15 billion. Type 2 diabetes usually develops in adults over the age of 45 years but is increasingly occurring in younger age groups including children, adolescents and young adults. The long term side effects of ill-managed type 2 diabetes can be horrific: stroke, blindness, heart disease, kidney problems, limb amputations and in the worst cases, early death. Diabetes Australia says that more than 4,400 diabetes-related amputations are performed at Australian hospitals every year. That’s around 12 amputations every day. Dramatic and immediate lifestyle changes can help stop the onset of pre-diabetes or curb the impact of type 2 diabetes. Daily exercise, a change in diet, cutting back on alcohol, giving up tobacco and regular health checks will all make a positive impact. But now, a world-first, non-pharmaceutical product has been released to the market that is proven to reduce the dangerous blood sugar spikes that over time, often lead to serious side effects. In a recent research study, a convenient pre-meal drink, has been found to reduce the spikes in blood sugar levels after a high GI meal and improve overall glycaemic control (HbA1c) in the long term. “Make no mistake about it – type 2 diabetes is a killer and one of the world’s greatest health issues,” said eminent Sydney preventative cardiologist Dr Ross Walker. “It’s a time bomb. Anything that can be done to reduce blood sugar spikes is a very good thing.” “We know that managing type 2 diabetes is a problem confronting hundreds of thousands of Australians. Having a product that can reduce or maintain blood sugar levels will be a game-changer in encouraging people to take better control of their diabetes.” “The likelihood that type 2 diabetes impacts you, or someone you love, is greater than ever. Diabetes cannot be cured but with proper management, we can reduce the severity and likelihood of its serious consequences.” Dr Chris Rayner, an Australian Gastroenterologist involved in the study said a dietary approach to controlling blood glucose, such as this novel pre-meal drink concept, would have enormous appeal to the broad community of people living with type 2 diabetes. “Better control of blood glucose, as reflected not only in HbA1c but also in the rise in blood glucose after meals, helps prevent or delay the serious complications that can develop in type 2 diabetes, which include vision impairment, vascular damage and even amputations.” Omni Innovation’s pre meal shake is a result of six years and more than $5 million in research and development. Clinical trials show it reduces the Glyceamic Index (GI) of food and drink and controls the spikes in blood glucose which, over time, cause damage associated with the disease. More information about Faulding© GlucoControl™ is available via the Faulding website: http://www.faulding.com.au/our-products/faulding-glucocontrol-pre-meal-diabetes-shake/  The findings were presented at The European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) Annual Meeting in Germany
- Page 1 of 2 Please be aware that any item mailed to Canada may be subject to the Goods & Services Tax (GST) and/or duty. We recommend that you use the Canada Border Services Agency website to calculate the amount of Canadian import duties and/or taxes on your order prior to ordering. Please note that Luna Bronze is unable to declare your order as a gift. All Luna Bronze products are made in Australia (which is not an NAFTA country). We cannot process refunds for customers who were unaware of duties or taxes payable on their orders. By proceeding with your order you are accepting these terms.
Floor Talk March 5 Pardon me while I opine. Grab your morning coffee and sit and enjoy: Market 'shoes' to drop At the close: The May futures corn contract closed 5 cents higher at $7.09. The May soybean futures contract ended 4 cents higher at $14.66. May wheat futures ended 3 cents higher at $7.06 per bushel. The May soyoil futures contract settled $0.13 lower at $50.13. The May soymeal futures finished $2.20 per short ton higher at $435.90. In the outside markets, the NYMEX crude oil is $0.63 per barrel higher, the dollar is lower and the Dow Jones Industrials are 138 points higher. The May futures corn contract is trading 4 cents higher at $7.30. The May soybean futures contract is trading 7 cents higher at $14.69. May wheat futures are trading 1 cent higher at $7.04 per bushel. The May soyoil futures contract is trading $0.10 higher at $50.36. The May soymeal futures are trading $2.00 per short ton higher at $435.70. In the outside markets, the NYMEX crude oil is $0.17 per barrel higher, the dollar is higher and the Dow Jones Industrials are 147 points higher. One analyst says, "I think soybeans are reacting to the big purchase that was confirmed today. I think we now know why beans rallied so much yesterday, too. It is Brazil and the logistics. I thinkI saw today that they exported like 900,000 tons of soybeans in February, from 1.6 million last year. We do not have that much to sell and so they are pushing flat price and spreads today and they should. Corn and Wheat are along for the ride, although everything is kind of giving back now. Might be some cash movement although not hearing of any. Overall prices should hold firm today although we might have seen the highs. I think spreads will be a big feature moving forward as flat price is already pretty high." At the open: The Mayfutures corn contract opened 4 cents higher at $7.07. The May soybean futures contract opened 16 cents higher at $14.78. Maywheat futures opened 2 cents lower at $7.04 per bushel. The May soyoil futures contract opened $0.42 higher at $50.67. The May soymeal futures are trading $3.70 per short ton higher at $437.40. In the outside markets, the NYMEX crude oil is $0.35per barrel lower, the dollar is higher and the Dow Jones Industrials are 124 points higher. Here's how Jeff Coleman, The Trean Group analyst and CME Group pit trader sees today's markets: "Once again, grains were basically inactive overnight. Corn and wheat were unchanged but soybeans gained roughly five cents extending yesterday’s strong closing rally. After hearing for the last two weeks that China was working hard to slow down economic growth, now comes word that China will maintain its growth target and increase its fiscal by ten percent. Stocks and commodities both derived strength from this news as well as confidence that European finance chiefs will commit to giving Ireland and Portugal more time to repay their bail out loans. This news from Europe comes two days before a very important ECB meeting. What will Mario Draghi say next? How are things really in Europe? The U.S. stock market seems to dominate the economic landscape as the Dow Jones flirts with record levels. Certainly a flight to quality is happening but this stock market rally seems surreal. Are people (investors) truly excited to take part in this movement? Most economic news seems so negative but I guess we have the fed to provide a security blanket for the time being. Close your eyes, jump in and pray," he says. --USDA announced Tuesday that China bought 345,000 tons of U.S. soybeans for 2013-14 delivery. --USDA announces that an 'unkown' bought 300,000 tons of U.S. soybeans for 2012-13 delivery. Holy Cow!!! 645,000 tons of beans in a one-time sale! Not shabby business. The U.S. bean store is getting really short of product, isn't it? Early calls: Corn is seen 1-2 cents higher, soybeans 2-4 cents higher, and wheat mixed. Overnight grain, soybean markets=Trading mostly higher. Crude Oil=$0.21 per barrel higher. Wall Street=Seen opening higher, following global stocks higher. With a close above 14,164, the Dow can set a new record-high. Today's reports include the retail sales index and Feb. non-manufacturing data. World=Asia/Pacific stocks were higher and Europe's stocks were higher. More in a minute, Re: Floor Talk March 5 The clock is ticking for farmers in Mato Grosso, Brazil. So far, they haven't been able to ship the soybean crop of 24 million tons because all the country's ports are very busy. Soybeans are keeping almost all storage full. Therefore, these farmers does not know exactly what to do when the corn crop comes. Due to rough roads in the region, some truckers may take two hours to pass through 16 miles near the capital of Cuiabá. The government has announced that will start doing maintenance of 500 miles, but that would just start in April when the rain season ends in Mato Grosso. Re: Floor Talk March 5 Have a major equipment malfunction is those conditions could be interesting --- looks like their highway conditions are lacking and with the size of those rigs they won't be an easy fix --- Re: Floor Talk March 5 In Mato Grosso is almost 60 percent. In the country as whole the current percentage is 28 percent. The harvest already started in all states.
I didn’t end up picking the flattest spot last night, so spent most of the time sliding into a bush. I have a tendency at the end of the day to say “I’m done, this is good enough,” and throw down where I am and make it work. Tonight, camped in a very small flat section close to where a ridge drops off, is much better. I feel much more successful. Ahhh, another day of high ridges, smoke from nearby fires, and vast distances of space. I have to say, after the Wind River Range, I think this week has been one of my favorites. It’s hard to put into words, but maybe it’s my love of walking ridges, or being able to see trail ahead and behind, or the huge rocky mountains around…it could be the remoteness or the pleasent temperatures, but I’ve totally dug it all (minus the fire scare). I am, however, ready for a nero. I have just a few miles to go in the morning to Bannock Pass where Sam from the Leadore Inn will pick me up and take me to town. I have a room reserved at his hotel, my credit card is there, and I’m going to buy lots of food and watch lots of cable while eating pizza, drinking beer, and laying in bed (I HOPE there’s a TV, some of these small towns don’t have them…) I’m missing home. I’m loving the days out here, but still missing home. You can want to be in two places at the same time, can’t you? This has encompassed so much of my life, heck it IS my life right now…it’s hard to remember what it was like to go to an office every day, and come home to a hot dinner and a bed and a loving boyfriend…I know all those things are there, but as I lay down for yet another night sleeping in the dirt and listening to distant cows mooing, it’s hard to visulize, just as in a few months tonight will seem like a blurry dream. So while I’m missing home, I’m doing my darndest to be present….who the heck knows when I’ll be on another 5 month adventure. But at least pizza and beer are amazing both on the couch and on the trail.
President Shimon Peres on Sunday called Norwegian King Harald V to express his condolences over Fridays terror attacks that left 98 people dead in Norway. "Your country is a symbol of peace and freedom," Peres told the king according to an official statement. "In Israel we followed the events over the weekend in Norway and the attack on innocent civilians broke our hearts. It is a painful tragedy that touches every human being. We send our condolences to the families that lost their loved ones and a speedy recovery to the wounded. Israel is willing to assist in whatever is needed."The king thanked Peres for the call, adding that the attacks are "a terrible tragedy for our entire nation. We are shocked and grieving as a result of this despicable murder."
Are Property Taxes Based on Area or Price? Property taxes are levied at the municipal or county level by the local government of the taxing jurisdiction where the property is located. In most states, school districts also impose property taxes. Rates vary depending on the school district and municipality or county where a taxpayer lives. When arriving at a property tax, the taxing authority takes into account both the value of the property and the tax rate levied. Value of Property Property taxes are based on the value of the property being taxed, with the owners of the real estate being taxed responsible for paying the tax. The taxing authority performs an appraisal of the value of the real property and then assesses a millage tax in proportion to that value. Real estate includes land and any improvements to the land such as homes or other structures. Millage or ad valorem tax differs from one taxing jurisdiction to another. Ad valorem taxes are the major source of income for municipal and county governments. When assessing the value of real estate to apportion the tax levy, an appraiser researches the current market value or the price for which the home should sell, sales prices of other similar homes in the same area, as well as the cost of replacing structures on the land should they be destroyed. Depending on the jurisdiction, assessments may be based on 100 percent of the property’s value or a lesser percentage. The property tax rate may be expressed as a percentage or as a millage rate. One mill has a value of $1 for every $1,000 of assessed property value. Taxing authorities calculate the property tax for real estate by multiplying the assessed value of the property by the mill rate and then dividing by 1,000. For example, a property with an assessed value of $250,000 at a rate of five mills would equal a tax of $1,250. The purpose of the millage rate is to divide the cost of funding local government and schools equally among all property owners in the taxing jurisdiction. The assessor’s office in a municipality or county has the responsibility of estimating the value of all taxable real property within the jurisdiction of the local taxing body. Assessments are normally based on a property’s fair market value, or the amount of money most buyers would be willing to pay for a property. June Fletcher, a columnist for The Wall Street Journal, points out that tax assessments are often lower than those private appraisal companies do when consumers want to refinance or purchase a home. Just because a tax assessment is low does not necessarily mean that your home would only sell for that amount if you put it on the market. Taxing bodies often decrease home assessment values when the economy is slow. Improvements to a property that increase its market value usually will increase the property’s assessed value. The size, location and overall condition or quality of a property can also affect its value. Market conditions may either increase or decrease property values within the same county. Likewise, different types of properties within the same general location may be assessed at different values depending on demand for that type of property. Many taxing jurisdictions revalue property annually or at least periodically in order to make any needed adjustments to a property’s assessed market value. The process helps to ensure that taxes are distributed fairly among taxpayers. - school building image by palms from Fotolia.com
2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Review, Price and Release Date – The Toyota Sienna XLE minivan was introduced back in 1997 as a replacement for the Previa ‘van, it’s manufactured at Toyota’s Indiana plant yet it’s becoming the last of a dying breed Chevrolet, Ford, Hyundai and Mazda have all pulled out of the minivan market. 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Review, Price and Release Date 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Review, Price and Release Date, However, the automaker hopes to take advantage and improve the sedan’s market share as there are currently fewer competitors. The 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE continues with its boxy look, yet the automaker has tried to make it more aggressive. Although it is not the best-position minivan, any Toyota Sienna XLE is nevertheless a very decent vehicle. There are adequate place for one to transfer a whole load of travelers and items simultaneously, as well as its interior can be designed to very last. All of the 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE 300-horse power engine is without a doubt one particular of the strongest from the course, so you may very easily wake up to speed. Typically the Toyota Sienna XLE is even the close to minivan available on the market provided by all-tire travel. Furthermore, it appears outfitted with some sort of mass of innovative security and then driver assistance capabilities. 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Engine The 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Review, Price and Release Date includes a single of the best motor from the minivan type. Even however you probably should not prepare any force backrounds by using it, these Toyota Sienna XLE 3.5l V6 electric motor isn’t actually bashful concerning treating a sharp slope or running over a slow loved ones hauler. Typically the 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE will get a strong EPA-approximated 19 miles per gallon from the city also 27 miles per gallon on the road. Which is a standout amongst the most successful with this course and equal to your gas economy scores of the actual Honda Odyssey together with Chrysler Pacifica. With regard to purchasers who reside in chilly areas, virtually no minivan will be able to can compare to the particular Toyota Sienna XLE. It truly is the main person that provides all-tire generate (be aware that every single cut will come regular with best tire push). Any Toyota Sienna XLE takes care of for example you assume a sizeable truck to, by using a fairly comfortable drive yet visible body slim in distinct sides. Designed for tauter, far more sporting managing, take into account the sport-tuned Toyota Sienna XLE SE. 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Exterior 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Review, Price and Release Date, The exterior changes are minimal as another generation of the Toyota Sienna XLE minivan is expected for the 2020 model year. 2020 Toyota Sienna Rumors. The grille looks a lot bigger which gives the Toyota Sienna XLE look sportier. In addition, people nestle your pair of LED foglights. Finished in the matte dark since pleasantly, these kinds of scoops produce to increase the particular cool attractiveness associated with the particular car. your canine engine is usually very short owing to the general entire body type associated with the actual motor vehicle. Moreover, it Cruzatures contours running along the actual arm associated with the actual motor vehicle just about all the strategy to their butt. 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Interior The 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Review, Price and Release Date, does not have any major changes inside the cabin. The model gets privacy glass as a standard feature for all models. 2020 Toyota Sienna Changes. 4G LTE will continue to be optional for lower trims and standard for best grades. Them is indeed sandwiched among any match of air vents since pleasantly. They provide substantially more direct control over the actual comfort and happiness circumstances throughout your truck. A smaller, 3 in. It provides more information with regards to the particular car’s in-house problems. 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Release Date and Price All the 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE Review, Price and Release Date, possesses a single from the greatest starting up rates for another fresh minivan. Retail industry price ranges stretch out coming from $30,750 (for that bottom level Sienna L) to be able to $48,615 (to the first class of-the-range 2020 Toyota Sienna XLE). Sign in a Very best Price Plan for excellent price savings on your neighborhood Toyota Review seller. You also can locate exceptional maker rewards on the Toyota offers website page.
We are half way through November and half way through National Blog Posting Month. Before November I posted about nine blogs. This month I am trying to post one every day in the true spirit of NaBloPoMo. This exercise is giving me ideas on how I want to proceed with my blog. I will probably post a book review once a week. I’m still deciding on whether I want to post other types of blogss whenever I think of them or on a set day of the week. Either way this has been a great experience. I look forward to the rest of the month.
Publicis Singapore campaign puts beer fridges in parking lots. What could possibly go wrong? Watch the series conceptualised by Happy Creative Services for Haywards here Budweiser gets most of marketing budget; imported Stella Artois, Corona, Hoegaarden are AB InBev’s ‘bet for the future’ If you control the belief, you control the reality, contends the author Watch the campaign conceptualised by Zulu Alpha Kilo here This Monday, Andes gives you a way to deal with your nagging girlfriend, scientifically and tactfully Top news, insights and analysis every weekday Sign up for Campaign Bulletins
We are looking for Customer Service Representatives (Full time) for our calling process who are looking for a company where they can learn and grow. About the company : - One Point One Solutions is a domestic BPO. It is India's leading brands and has been awarded as the top ten BPM's for learning and growing. This is a place where you can explore your interests, cultivate your talents and work on some of the most interesting projects to make a positive difference for leading enterprises. And we arm you with tools you need to keep proving your strengths. Responsibilities and Duties Obtains customer information by answering telephone calls; probing them and fix a first consultation Ensuring correct information is delivered to patients during their first consultation. Responding efficiently and accurately to callers, explaining possible solutions, and ensuring that they feel supported and value Understand callers conditions and empathise helping them with appointments. Informs Patients by explaining procedures; answering questions; providing information. Engaging in active listening with callers, confirming or clarifying information and diffusing difficult situations, as needed.
History Weather Data Saint Martins Hot Springs, Washington United States - Synop | Weather2Umbrella LTD Friday, Oct, 30. 2020 Membership Terms Back to login This policy was updated on 01 January 2016 1.1 Unless the context otherwise admits words importing one gender shall include all other genders and words importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. 1.2 Reference to any statutory provisions in this Agreement shall include any statutory provision that amends or replaces it. 2. Terms of Acceptance 2.1 These terms & conditions set out the terms between you the Weather2Umbrella Ltd Member, and us, Weather2Umbrella Ltd and owner of the website, www.weather2umbrella.com. 2.2 Your use of this website and any service contained within constitutes acceptance of these terms & conditions in full. 2.3 You must be a minimum age of 18 to register and make use of this website and any service contained within. By registering and using the website you warrant that you are 18 or older and understand your obligations under these terms & conditions. 2.4 You should not use this website if you do not accept with these terms & conditions in full. 3. Outline of Agreement 3.1 The parties agree that the Weather2Umbrella Ltd website located at www.weather2umbrella.com, will host the following “Content”, as provided by you: a) Directory Listings about you and your business including your W2U Biography. c) Media Posts, including text, images, videos and audio f) Other general social activity content 4. Ownership and Responsibilities – General User Generated Content 4.1 You retain all ownership rights to content provided by you. 4.2 Where the facility exists such user-generated content can be provided in different formats and mediums; text, audio, video and still photographs. 4.3 As part of providing this content to us you agree to grant us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive and royalty-free license to use, distribute, edit, translate and re purpose such content, as we require, including sub-licensing to other parties. This allows us to place your content on the appropriate site facilities and let all users, whether registered or not to view your content. It also allows us to compress or alter the size of any files you may post to ensure that they can be readily displayed for other users. 4.4 This license is royalty-free, which means that the content is provided free of charge to us and we will not pay for the content or account for any advertising revenue generated on any facility or on any specific content pages. 4.5 We are not responsible for the accuracy of any content, nor any advertisements or third party website links placed by you or any other users. Any link posted does not imply an endorsement of a third party website by us. 4.6 Such content shall not infringe the intellectual property rights of any other party. Furthermore the content shall not be illegal or capable of breaching the laws of any jurisdiction in which it may be displayed. 4.7 Furthermore if any content is owned by a third party you agree to pay all royalties owed to that party, without seeking any contribution from us. 4.8 We reserve the right to remove any content, which breaches or risks breaching these terms and conditions. 4.9 You are solely responsible for all information that you submit to Weather2Umbrella and any consequences that may result from your posts and pages. 4.9 This license also applies worldwide because the website can be accessed from anywhere in the world, at any time. 5. Intellectual Property Rights – Business Related Content 5.1 Each party grants to the other for the term of this Agreement a non-exclusive, revocable, royalty-free license to use its Business Related Content, name, logos, trade marks, trade names and devices (“Intellectual Property”) subject to the restrictions noted in the relevant clauses herein and in any promotional and marketing material issued by either party in a manner approved by the party whose Intellectual Property is to be used, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 5.2 Both parties warrant that they have the right to grant or permit the other party to use the logos, trademarks, trade names and devices to the extent required to fulfill the terms of this Agreement. 5.3 Neither party shall make any claim to the other party’s Content, Products or Services during or after the expiry of this Agreement. 5.4 Neither party shall make any claim to the other party’s trademarks or register or cause to be registered or apply for a materially similar trademark or imitation of a trademark during or after the expiry of this Agreement. 5.5 Neither party shall register or cause to be registered any company name which is materially similar to that of the other party. 5.6 On the expiry of this Agreement all licenses referred to in this shall expire and the parties agree to immediately cease use of the Intellectual Property of the other. 6. Content – Monitoring and Access 6.1 We shall not assume any responsibility for auditing or monitoring any user generated content. If at any time we decide to monitor a facility on any occasion it does not mean that we assume responsibility for removing any content or the conduct of any 6.2 Any complaints about such content by rights holders or any user or visitor to our website should be directed to us using our contact details listed at the end of these terms and conditions. 7.1 We do not condone or encourage in any way the posting of copyrighted or proprietary content or information by any users who are not the legal owners of such content. 7.2 Where notified of such breaches by the owner of such content we will remove the content as soon as practicable. But only where we can reasonably ascertain the true owner of such content. 7.3 If as the owner of such content you believe that your rights have been infringed you should contact us as soon as possible and provide all relevant information in writing. 8. General Content Specifications 8.1 You agree not to do any of the following: a) Abuse, harass, threaten, stalk, defame or in anyway seek to violate the rights of another user or third party. b) Publish or seek to distribute any material or information that is unlawful, harmful, obscene, indecent, libelous, profane, defamatory, racist, or in any other way inappropriate or objectionable. c) Use or harvest data provided by other users in a way that they would object to. d) Use data provided by other users for purposes other than contacting them via the website. e) Contact other users in ways they may find inappropriate. f) Encourage illegal activity or activity that violates the rights of other users or third parties, whether individuals or organizations. g) Supply or post content calculated to deliberately mislead other users or third parties, including content falsely made to appear from or be endorsed by us. h) To pose as another user, third party or organization or Weather2Umbrella Ltd employee for the purposes of obtaining user or third party information. i) To transmit or transfer any viruses, Trojans, worms or any other malicious programs or code intended to spy on, gain control over, disrupt, destroy or in any other way impair any computer hardware or software or any other equipment. j) Attempt to gain access to our servers or other equipment in order to disrupt, impair, overload or otherwise hinder or compromise the safety, security or privacy of any of the services provided by or relied upon by us and other users. k) Reframe or re purpose any facility or content on it or remove or obscure any notices or advertising provided by us. l) Load or provide access to content or link to other content from the website, which infringes the trademark, patent, trade secret or any other proprietary right of a third party or infringes any intellectual property law. m) Make commercial posts or comment spam or attempt to disguise such spam as content. n) Send junk or spam email or emails or posts promoting pyramid schemes, chain letters or any other activity that invites users and others to participate in wasting their time and/or money. o) Use any robot, spider, scraper or other technical means to access the facilities or content within. 8.2 If you breach these Terms & Conditions by sending any unsolicited bulk email, (spam) or any other bulk communications to users your actions will cause harm to us and to the website. Such harm is difficult to quantify and as such you agree to pay us the sum of £50 for each and every individual email or other communication sent to a user or third party. 8.3 The above list is not intended to be exhaustive. We reserve the right to remove (with or without notice) content and suspend or terminate (with or without notice) the account of any user who in our sole judgment is in breach of the rules or the spirit of the rules. 9. Business Related Content Specifications 9.1 Where the Content, specific to your business, is displayed on the website its use shall be subject to the following restrictions: 9.1.1 This Content shall not be displayed with any content which is offensive, obscene, defamatory or libelous, or 9.1.2 Displayed with any other content which Weather2Umbrella Ltd knows or ought to know infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party. 9.2 Weather2Umbrella Ltd shall further ensure that all the Content is displayed in a clear legible font style and size and that it is displayed on a web page background that does not obscure or render the Content including text links difficult to read. 9.3 Furthermore Weather2Umbrella Ltd shall ensure that the Content displays correctly and has a uniform appearance regardless of the type and version of browser in which it is viewed and regardless of the type of access device on which it is displayed. 9.4 The parties shall agree a timetable and procedure for the updating and maintenance of the Content on the website. Such timetable to include the full contact details of the representatives of both parties in charge of content or website maintenance. 9.5 You reserve the right to withdraw permission for your Content to be displayed on the website on giving 30 days written notice should the conditions in this clause be breached. 10. Co-Branding and Linking 10.1 Any graphic link should only use the graphics supplied by you and in the format supplied by you. 10.2 Any graphics supplied by you shall be displayed in the same or similar display dimensions to any other graphics used for linking to a third party site as displayed on the same web page. Furthermore the graphic shall not be displayed in a manner that distorts the dimensions or colors of the graphic so as to render it difficult to view or in your opinion dilutes the identity of the logo or could cause confusion to the public. We, Weather2Umbrella Ltd, are free to use a suitable software program to reduce the file size of any graphics so long as the image quality of the graphic is not visibly altered or reduced. 10.3 Any text link shall be displayed in a font in keeping with the look and feel of the Weather2Umbrella Ltd website on which it is displayed and shall be displayed in a font size no smaller than any other text link to another third party website as displayed on the Weather2Umbrella Ltd website. The content of such a text link shall consist of any text as may be agreed between the parties that accurately informs the user that they will be transferred to your Weather2Umbrella Ltd website profile page/s or to your own website either completely or within a framed environment within the Weather2Umbrella Ltd website. 10.4 The parties shall ensure that all links whether graphic or text shall operate correctly and transfer the user to the correct part of the requested website. In the event that any link fails both parties shall take steps to correct the problem within a reasonable period of time and notify the other party of the correction. 10.5 In recognition that the actions listed below in this clause would impact upon the value and goodwill of either party, the parties agree not to do the following without the express prior written approval of the party to be affected: 10.5.1 Use the website address of the other party or any combination of the other party’s name in keywords contained within the Meta Tags of any web page or repeated multiple times in the coding of any web page; or 10.5.2 Register the website address of the other party or any similar sounding or similarly spelt website address or any combination of it as keywords with any search engine or directory; or 10.5.3 Register any domain name similarly spelt to that of the other party or deliberately mis-spelt. 11.1 It is your responsibility to ensure that the information you provide is accurate, not misleading and relates to you. You cannot create an account or username & password using the names and information of another person or using words that are the trademarks or the property of another party (including ours), or vulgar, obscene or in any other way inappropriate. 11.2 You are responsible for maintaining your own username and password, where required to access your account. You should ensure that you store your username and password securely and that the details required to access your account are not provided to another party. 11.3 You are responsible for your account and actions taken within it. If you are aware or suspect that your customer account username and password or other details have become known to a third party, you should inform us immediately. 11.4 Our website is only intended for use by adults. Adults may purchase products for children as long as the products purchased are intended, by the manufacturer, for use or consumption by children. 12. Membership Termination 12.1 We reserve the right to restrict or remove your access to this website where you breach these terms and conditions. Such restriction or removal will take place without recourse, notice or explanation to you where we solely deem it appropriate or necessary. Various clauses within these Terms & Conditions are designed to survive and continue after termination. 12.2 As a member you can choose to terminate your account at any time. 13. Loss or Deterioration Of Service 13.1 We take all reasonable steps to ensure that all facilities are available and functioning fully at all times. However, we do not accept any responsibility for “down-time” or poor performance of our file servers or where facilities are unavailable for any other reason, whether within or outside our direct control. 13.2 In the event of system failure, loss of access or deterioration in service the defaulting party shall take all reasonable steps to restore or rectify the service. The non-defaulting party shall not be entitled to any form of compensation, however the defaulting party shall within a reasonable period of time report to the non-defaulting party the cause of the loss or deterioration in service. 14.1 Both parties shall keep confidential the specific terms of this Agreement and not disclose them save to such employees or contractors as need to know the relevant information for the purposes of performing this Agreement. 14.2 The parties agree that all information marked “Confidential”, or where not marked it is reasonable to judge such information as confidential, shall not be disclosed for a period of 2 years after the expiry of this Agreement, except where such disclosure is required by law or by order of a court in the jurisdiction of England. 14.3 The parties further agree that all information marked as a “Trade Secret” and reasonably judged to constitute a trade secret shall not be disclosed at any time during or after the expiry of this Agreement, except where such disclosure is required by law or by order of a court in the jurisdiction of England. 14.4 Confidential information and Trade Secrets shall consist of, but not necessarily be limited to: technical, commercial, financial, operational, marketing or promotional information or data. 15. Data Protection Both parties shall be registered under and/or observe the Data Protection Act relevant to them, (1984 or 1998 Act) according to when each party first registered and both parties further confirm that they will not rent or sell customer lists and / or contact details without the customer’s express prior approval. Either party may treat a breach of this clause as a reason for termination of this Agreement in accordance Immediate Termination clause of this Agreement. 16. Limitation of Liability 16.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of either party or their servants, agents or employees. 16.2 Neither party shall be liable to the other under this Agreement in contract, tort, or otherwise (including negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise for any loss of business, contracts, profits or anticipated savings or for any indirect or consequential or loss whatsoever. 16.3 You agree to indemnify Weather2Umbrella Ltd against any claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses which Weather2Umbrella Ltd may sustain or incur in relation to any Content, Products or Services which you provide, such indemnity applying in respect of any claims for any breach of applicable law or regulation or any infringement of any intellectual property rights. 16.4 Weather2Umbrella Ltd agrees to indemnify you, the business member, against any claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses which you may sustain or incur in relation to any Content, Products or Services Weather2Umbrella Ltd provides, such indemnity applying in respect of any claims for any breach of applicable law or regulation or any infringement of any intellectual property rights. Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights, duties and obligations hereunder without the prior consent in writing of the other party. 18. Joint Venture or Partnership Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture or an agency relationship between the parties and neither party shall have the authority or power to bind the other party or to contract in the name of or create a liability against the other party. If you have a dispute with one or more Weather2Umbrella users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known or unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. 21.1 Failure by either party to enforce any accrued rights under this Agreement is not to be taken as or deemed to be a waiver of those rights unless the waiving party acknowledges the waiver in writing. 21.2 It is hereby declared that the foregoing paragraphs, sub-paragraphs and clauses of this Agreement shall be read and construed independently of each other. Should any part of this Agreement or its paragraphs, sub-paragraphs or clauses be found invalid it shall not affect the remaining paragraphs, sub-paragraphs and clauses. 21.3 No addition to or modification of any clause in this Agreement shall be binding on the parties unless made in writing and signed by the signatories to this Agreement or their duly authorised representatives. 21.4 This Agreement sets out the entire Agreement and understanding of the parties and is in substitution of any previous written or oral agreements between the parties. This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. Our contact details are as follows: Company registration number: 7802934
Discovering the physical explanations behind the power-law distribution of landslides can provide valuable information to quantify triggered landslide events and as a consequence to understand the relation between landslide causes and impacts in terms of environmental settings of landslide affected area. In previous studies, the probability of landslide size was utilized for this quantification and the developed parameter was called a landslide magnitude (mL). The frequency-area distributions (FADs) of several landslide inventories were modelled and theoretical curves were established to identify the mL for any landslide inventory. In the observed landslide inventories, a divergence from the power-law distribution was recognized for the small landslides, referred to as the rollover, and this feature was taken into account in the established model. However, these analyses are based on a relatively limited number of inventories, each with a different triggering mechanism. Existing definition of the mL include some subjectivity, since it is based on a visual comparison between the theoretical curves and the FAD of the medium and large landslides. Additionally, the existed definition of mL introduces uncertainty due to the ambiguity in both the physical explanation of the rollover and its functional form. Here we focus on earthquake-induced landslides (EQIL) and aim to provide a rigorous method to estimate the mL and total landslide area of EQIL. We have gathered 36 EQIL inventories from around the globe. Using these inventories, we have evaluated existing explanations of the rollover and proposed an alternative explanation given the new data. Next, we propose a method to define the EQIL FAD curves, mL and to estimate the total landslide area. We utilize the total landslide areas obtained from inventories to compare them with our estimations and to validate our methodology. The results show that we calculate landslide magnitudes more accurately than previous methods. |Number of pages||1| |Publication status||Published - 2016| |Event||AGU Fall meeting 2016 - San Francisco, United States| Duration: 12 Dec 2016 → 16 Dec 2016 |Conference||AGU Fall meeting 2016| |Period||12/12/16 → 16/12/16|
Canadian ex-hostage make video court appearance on sex assault charges Freed Canadian hostage Joshua Boyle -- pictured here on October 14, 2017, shortly after he was freed from the Taliban after five years in captivity with his wife and three children -- is now facing multiple charges including sex assault A Canadian man who was held captive by a faction of the Afghan Taliban for five years appeared briefly in an Ottawa court via videolink on Wednesday to face a slew of charges that include sexual assault, illegal confinement and issuing death threats. Joshua Boyle, 34, appeared for less than five minutes at the hearing from an Ottawa detention center, wearing an orange jumpsuit and sporting a wispy beard. His lawyer, Eric Granger, described the hearing as a "purely administrative" procedure. The next hearing was set for January 8. Boyle, who was rescued by the Pakistani military with his American wife Caitlin Coleman and their three children last October, faces charges on 15 counts, including eight of assault, two of sexual assault and two of illegal confinement. The other charges include issuing death threats, causing a person to consume a "noxious" substance thought to be an anti-depressant, and of misleading the police. All were said to have taken place since he returned to Canada. A court order prevented publication of the identities of his alleged victims. His wife, who gave birth to all three of their children in captivity, told The Toronto Star she blamed "the strain and trauma he was forced to endure for so many years and the effects that that had on his mental state" for her husband's alleged actions. She said it was "with compassion and forgiveness that I... hope help and healing can be found for him." - Trudeau meeting - Boyle and Coleman, who have been married since 2011, were kidnapped by the Taliban during what they described as a backpacking trip through war-torn Afghanistan in 2012, and were later transferred to the custody of the Haqqani faction, known for its alleged ties to the Pakistani military. A newspaper box shows former Taliban hostage Joshua Boyle on the front page of a local paper in Ottawa, Canada, January 3, 2018 They were freed on October 12, but refused to board a US military plane. Boyle, a Muslim convert and long-time advocate of freed Guantanamo inmate Omar Khadr -- whose sister he was once married to -- cited fears because of his background. Upon his arrival in Toronto two days later, Boyle accused his captors of raping his wife and killing his baby daughter, a fourth child -- allegations swiftly refuted by the Taliban's spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid. Mujahid admitted a baby had died but said it was a result of a natural miscarriage. A month later, Coleman also spoke of a sexual "assault" by two of her captors in an interview with ABC News. While advocating for Khadr, a Canadian captured at the age of 15 in 2002 in Afghanistan and held at Guantanamo Bay before being transferred to Canada and later released, Boyle met his sister in 2008 while she was carrying out a hunger strike. He married her in 2009 but they divorced a year later. Boyle, the son of an Ottawa tax court judge, then traveled around Latin America with Coleman, who was raised a Catholic in Pennsylvania and whom he had befriended years earlier in an online game forum. She now wears a hijab. Boyle and his family met last month with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, after which the ex-hostage said they had discussed the Haqqani network. He also posted a picture on Twitter of the premier holding one of their young children. Pakistan's military says the family was freed in a daring rescue operation. But some US and Canadian officials have questioned that account, suggesting to news outlets it may have involved a "negotiated handover" with the Haqqani network, which Islamabad is said to covertly back. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Forgot your password? I agree to the Terms Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive a link to create a new password. E-mailError message here! Back to log-in Valentine Ladders & Towers Unit 4k, Ballymount Cross Industrial Estate, Ballymount Rd Lower, Ballymount, Dublin 24, Ireland. Phone : +353 01 4500 150 Email : email@example.com The 501723 Hymer 23 Rung Pointed Ladder is ideal for cleaning work on windows and buildings with a design-oriented, narrow support surface. With the additions of optional section a maximum permissible height 7.0m can be reached. Other features are strong but lightweight sections, non-slip square rungs, a wide Stabiliser at base and pointed at the top with whhel for ease of use. Ideal for window cleaners in small vans. The standard applies that window cleaner's ladders may only be loaded with a maximum of 80kg. However, HYMER-window cleaner's ladders can be loaded up to 150kg (exemption: 5-section set with maximum 100kg). T : +353 (0)1 4500 150 F : +353 (0)1 4500 650
We worked our way through this new build three storey family home room by room. There was a lot of space and we helped the clients give every area a purpose however unusual the shape with bespoke furniture. A seating area was created on the top floor for relaxation with built in cabinets for books. The large space under the stairs that you see as soon as you walk in has been fitted out with a walk in coat and shoe storage. Some of the rooms had existing furniture that we worked with and added to in the form of wallcoverings, soft furnishings and accessories. Throughout the house colour and texture was added to create a comfortable home.
December 11th, 2020, our chapter had the privilege of volunteering for Family Promise of Grand Rapids! We lent a helping hand at one of the Welcome Home program locations. We were able to get hands on and help paint, hang up blinds, install fire alarms and other tasks. It was truly an honor to volunteer for such a great organization and we can’t wait to do it again! For more info about Family Promise, please visit their website. Family Promise of Grand Rapids provides emergency shelter and basic needs to families with children who are facing a housing crisis. They make sure families have somewhere safe to sleep each night through one of their 3 shelter programs. They then work with families to identify why they lost their home and help them overcome those obstacles. Whether it was a job loss, medical crisis, family break up etc. Once families have found a stable and sustainable housing solution, they walk alongside them in the Welcome Home program to help ensure they never become homeless again.
As we all wait patiently for news on Star Trek 2017 all we can do is speculate. We now know who the main writers are going to be. We welcome Star Trek alumni Bryan Fuller as a show runner and Nicholas Meyer from the Star Trek films to the writers room. So far though we’ve been given only rumours and hints at what this new series will be, when and where it will be set. The consensus seems to be that this new series will be set in the prime universe. There are several reasons to believe this. As we’ve mentioned in previous articles it’s very unlikely to be set in the JJ Abrams reboot universe for legal reasons. Paramount own the movie rights to Star Trek and CBS retain the Television rights. This means that even if they wanted to make a series set in the new timeline they would have to make a deal with Paramount. A deal that wouldn’t be in CBS’s financial interest. This is a good thing as it means CBS are in a position to realistically do two things. Set ST17 in the original canon universe or create their own new, new timeline. Creating another new timeline makes absolutely no sense as they should know that they have already alienated millions of fans with the reboots. For the money it makes sense to stick to the canon universe. When is it set? There have been many rumours lately suggesting that ST17 will be set in and around 2293 in the Star Trek timeline. Just to give you an idea that’s the year Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country and the prologue of Star Trek Generations are set. 69 years before the first episode of Star Trek the Next Generation, which is 2364. The reason for this speculation comes from a Nicholas Meyer interview with Den Of Geek in which he mentions Brian Fuller seeing Star Trek VI as a jumping off point. This could mean a variety of things. Fuller could simply mean this tonally. The sense of adventure and the slightly darker Star Trek, less glossy and shinny as TNG or Voyager. It would however be a great time period to set the series in as it’s a mostly unexplored era and would knit the gap between the adventures of the original Enterprise’s crew and the Next Generation. The Undiscovered Country sets up a very interesting universe. Peace with the Klingon Empire has just been signed. A peace treaty like this has ramifications throughout the whole of the Federation and Klingon Empire. It could make the Empire look weak to it’s enemies and as some of you may know that Klingon Empire is a massive sector of space made up of many worlds and many species not just Klingons. This could create problems with colonies and occupied worlds and many conflicts of interest, rogue Klingon Generals and Captains who don’t agree with peace stirring up trouble. It is an interesting landscape to set a series in and to create situations that could bring back the social commentary and heart of Star Trek. Plus those burgundy red uniforms and the ship designs and technology of this period are awesome. There is one problem here however. It means that to keep it canon the show can’t be set on an Enterprise as we’ve had glimpses of the Enterprise B and their crew in Star Trek Generations and the Enterprise C in The Next Generation episode “Yesterdays Enterprise“. This means the writers will have to be true to canon events of the time period and set the show on a different ship. We could simply get the continued adventures of the Enterprise B with a now experienced Captain John Harriman played by Alan Ruck. This is a large 69 year time period for the writers to play with which leaves plenty of room to create new and interesting stories without repeating what has come before. Ever since it was announced that we would be getting a new Star Trek Series in 2017, everyone has suggested that Star Trek will move to a more modern television format. For one, CBS are using it as their flag pole for their All Access on demand subscription service. Most likely we will not be getting 26 stand alone episodes with the odd two parter like the last few incarnations. It’s been heavily speculated that we’ll more likely get the Netflix format, 10-13 episodes that tie in together and follow one main story like a broken up long film. However a new rumour has hit the internet this week which suggests that Star Trek 2017 will have each season as a standalone anthology. Not unlike “Fargo” or “American Horror Story”. This would mean each season would have a new ship and a new crew or at least a new setting and each season could potentially jump to various timelines. This is a good thing and a bad thing. It opens the show up to be set in any timeline from First Contact all the way up to life after the Dominion War and the return of Voyager. The negative side is that audiences will find a ship and crew they love only to never see them again except maybe in a cameo. This latest rumour came from BirthMovieDeath.com who don’t sight their sources but claim to have inside information. What would be your ideal setting for Star Trek 2017? All we can do now is wait and hope that no matter what timeline the series is set in that it truly is Star Trek in feel and setting. That the characters are interesting and the stories are compelling and make you think in a way only Star Trek can. Here’s to real Sci-Fi and less nonsensical action. To adventure and hope and a strive for human evolution and progress. Here’s to Star Trek may it live long and prosper. January 2017 is the expected release date for the new series.
Exotica Jasper Smooth Stone AKA Porcelain Jasper AKA Sci-Fi Jasper - Very calming and soothing - Nurturing, uplifting and supporting during times of high stress - A great stone for personal power - Has a subtle and deep energy which nurtures on a soul level - Protective against negative energies of others - Enhances creativity and self confidence - Great for meditation and dream work Found near Sonora, Sierra Madre, Mexico Please note: The variety of sizes is only available online. I usually take the medium size to shows. These are priced by weight and not necessarily by size.
South of Guttenberg, Iowa – October 12, 2012 The world resets itself again and again between every set of giant doors. Sandbar beaches and wooded islands wait after each dam with the same white sand and trees. A dozen miles later, they fade into marshes, sink into the water until there is nothing left but grass and a thousand birds in a slow migration south. Beyond the last blade, the river pools like an inland sea in front of the next lock and I paddle over waves that crash on the deck. Days blend in my mind, smashed together and indistinct. I can barely remember where I camped a night ago, what island blocked the wind, what small town glowed on a nearby bank. It’s beautiful, but nothing stands out, nothing is more or less than anything else. There are no peaks to watch rise on the horizon, no canyons to climb out of. It all feels flattened, photocopied, and I wonder if I am still moving or if the river has transformed into a skipping record. Islands, marsh, lake. Islands, marsh, lake. Islands, marsh, lake. I’d believe I’d been here before if the lock numbers didn’t change, but they keep counting up, one or two a day, islands, marsh, lake, toward 27.
Neue Free Demo Present your ideas in a simple yet powerful and sophisticated way with Neue Minimal PowerPoint Template. Download this template for less than $2 - CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD - 100+ Unique Slides - 16:9 and 4:3 Aspect Ratio - Bonus Included: 450 Vector Icons as shapes - Based on Placeholders - Easy and Fully Editable in Powerpoint - Easy Drag and Drop to change picture - PPTX and PPT Files - All Graphic Resizable and Editable - Free Font Used - More details inside of PDF Help - Images used in the demos are NOT included.
Join free now! It is free to search locals Escort Mom, Little girl fights with College costs; mother has a suggestion, incest stories. Concerning a year back, I was truly struggling at University. Although my course was paid for thanks to my mommy, my living expenses were just too much. I truly tried to find a task, however no one would provide me a task, not also as a dishwashing machine. My mommy provided to assist however I rejected, although it appears stupid, I had some honesty, I wanted to endure without cash from my mother, who had actually currently paid a whole lot for my education. I really intended to verify to myself and my mother that I was an adult now; I needed to be able to do this on my own. College had to do with 100 miles from residence and every weekend break I would certainly see my mama, I did miss her, she was like my best friend. She treated me as an equivalent and we were open to speak about anything. She was an effective attorney at a local law firm, though as a result of personal nature of her company she never did inform me much. Anyhow it was Thanksgiving of my second year, therefore much I had just managed to make it through, but I was so close to either quitting or burglarizing a bank. I arrived home to a wintry welcome. It was pretty cool and also the snow was coming down rather fast, I only just procured residence. When residence I was greeted comfortably by both my mommy and also a really welcome fire. We did not have a family, just the two of us, so customarily it was simply both people for thanksgiving, not that it troubled either of us, we appreciated each other's business. But while we talked about basic things, my mind kept going over what mommy had actually told me. Mommy was still an attractive woman, even if she had just turned 40, and also her boobs look fantastic, also when she initially had them done, I told her she looked so attractive and that any type of male would want to be with her. I stated that if we were in a room together full of guys, I bet all the men would choose her, even without the boob job she was quite. Mommy thanked me for the compliment however said I was wrong which I was the really lovely one, she told me that a minimum of my huge busts were real, 36d in case you ask. So after supper and also cleaning up we returned to the living room. My mind was still on what mom had actually suggested regarding me functioning as an escort, no doubt I would certainly appreciate it, as well as being paid like mama for something we both appreciated was something that interested me. I believe I was simply surprised, prior to she told me, I saw my mother as a recognized lady in the work environment, currently I saw her as an extremely sex-related lady, I can truly see that mother looked happy, and also who wouldn't wish to make love with such a beautiful lady. It was just my entire photo of mommy had transformed, which wasn't a negative point, but it was something I was having trouble not considering, especially visualizing my mama making love with all those unusual males. So the following day mama took me to satisfy Monica as well as obtain the examinations I required. Then mom took me searching for a stylish attire for the evening. We would certainly meet the customer at a restaurant and after that ultimately go back to his resort for an evening of pure unadulterated sex. The night ultimately arrived and I was actually worried, yet thanks to my mother besides me, I was ready to go. We were both wearing evening gown, mine was red while mama's was black, and we both used rise bras to provide our boobs extra pizzazz, along with a thong. We took a cab as well as arrived at the restaurant promptly. Mother provided the name of our appointment and we were led to a table where the customer was sat waiting. Mom took charge and also asked me to sit on his left while she took the right. Mother was so trendy; she offered the client all the common vanity enhancing lines, functioning him well. It offered me the opportunity to loosen up and also view her job. Soon the client offered my leg a press and also counted on talk to me. I was quite relaxed now, as well as a glass of wine earlier in your home as well as one now loosened me up sufficient to turn on the appeal. call girl Meyrick Park, brothels Meyrick Park, prostitutes Meyrick Park, hookers Meyrick Park, sluts Meyrick Park, whores Meyrick Park, gfe Meyrick Park, girlfriend experience Meyrick Park, shagging Meyrick Park, dogging Meyrick Park, fuck buddy Meyrick Park, hookups Meyrick Park, free sex Meyrick Park, sex meet Meyrick Park, nsa sex Meyrick Park | ||76967|| ||159322|| ||154845|| ||69534|| ||77945|
Bluegrass Trailblazer Billy Strings on How He Brings Psychedelic Stylings to the Genre on His New Album The 27-year-old guitarist blazes a singular path by expanding on impeccable traditional sensibilities with a psychedelic flair. “I love bluegrass the most,” Billy Strings says, “but I want to jam and play a bit of everything I like, from folk to funk.” On September 28, the day after Rounder Records released his sophomore album, Home, Strings was named the International Bluegrass Music Association’s Guitar Player and New Artist of the Year. The 27-year-old guitarist blazes a singular path by expanding on impeccable traditional sensibilities with a psychedelic flair… Top 10 Guitarists of All Time The guitar is their weapon of choice. In this WatchMojo REDUX video join us as we count down our picks for the top 10 guitarists of all time. A WatchMojo (REDUX) video is a new bonus feature that re-features an older video in a new way. Either multiple videos have been combined, new entries have been added, or the video has just plain been improved. Hopefully a REDUX video finds a new and bigger audience! What Kind of Guitar does John Mayer Use? John has a large collection of 200 different guitars. However, his most famous and well known is still the Fender Stratocaster (Strat). He has made famous using the Strat and own his signature John Mayer Strat that Fender introduced in 2005 and discontinued in 2014…
This model now features a level style lock accessory system which lets users swap between blades, or any other accessories without the need to use a hex key. This makes the whole process fast and easy. It features a variable speed control and an ergonomic grip. There is also a soft start function to allow you to get the blade in place before any real force is used or the cut begins. You can attached accessories at 30 degree increments across a full 360 degree. - Oscillation Angle 3.2 Âº - Oscillations per Minute 6000 - 20000 - Noise sound pressure 82 dB(A) - Noise K factor 3 dB(A) - Input Wattage 320 w - Vibration K factor 1.5 m/secÂ² - Vibration: Plunge Saw Blade 6.5 m/secÂ² - Net weight 1.6 kg. Payment & Security Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.
On the present occasions, regardless of how much security we may get, we, despite everything, feel uncertain; and CCTV kits and systems can assist us with expelling that insecurity. Regardless of what the insights state, there is continuously a peril of theft or burglery into our homes. Irrespective of how high the area or how secure, there are withdrawn consistently components that will come into your home while you are away or even while you are inside the house. To fight this issue and forestall any such event, a large number of us have attempted different security systems that have come into the market, which guarantee that they are entirely foolproof. In spite of their confirmations a month later, we see that the as far as anyone knows ‘foolproof’ system is as futile as some other. It is here that the CCTV systems demonstrate their genuine worth. They may not ring any alerts or gongs or shock the gatecrasher, yet they ward them off with the danger of uncovering them. How They Help CCTV systems assist us with knowing precisely what occurred. It supports with forestalling break-ins as well. A CCTV camera is an essential observation apparatus. You can introduce it around your home and inside it. It will record and give all of you the subtleties of what occurred in these areas. Commonly, we have found a workable pace, imagining that there is a criminal or a robber in the house. Rather than gambling injury and demise, on the off chance that you have a CCTV security camera, you can utilize that to check your home. This will likewise give you a lot of time to caution the specialists as well. This is only one of the manners by which introducing CCTV cameras can support us. The most noticeably awful piece of enduring a theft is realizing that you can’t do much about it, and not knowing whether the offender answerable for assaulting your home will ever go in a correctional facility. Be that as it may, if you introduce a CCTV system there will be no postponement since you will have the image and perhaps the character of the criminal before you on a platter.
Mortgage search engine paves clear path to home buying | Mortgage Rates, Mortgage News and Strategy : The Mortgage Reports USA/UNITED STATES/AMERICAS – —–BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK—– mQQNBFUoCGgBIADFLp+QonWyK8L6SPsNrnhwgfCxCk6OUHRIHReAsgAUXegpfg0b rsoHbeI5W9s5to/MUGwULHj59M6AvT+DS5rmrThgrND8Dt0dO+XW88bmTXHsFg9K.Debate Over Terrorism Insurance to Be Renewed Renzo Piano’s first Soho condos to be listed for $1M to $20M Architecture : PaintSquare – The first of two towers that will “dance together” on Manhattan's skyline, famed chef frank prisinzano wanted his Floridian vacation home to allow him to.. look into the daily studio practice of pritzker prize-winning architect renzo piano. Architect Zaha Hadid's Galaxy Soho building in Beijing and MIT's innovative. · The attack on two mosques in New Zealand this month by a white supremacist, and the FBI’s most recent statistics showing an increase in hate. Child Labor in Myanmar's Garment Sector – BSR – young workers face-while also meeting national and global standards for child labor. workforce, according to the 2014 Myanmar Population and Housing. ” Myanmar is very poor, it's not possible to get rid of child labor in factories. Tackling child labor in a country undergoing major socioeconomic and. Peach Capital Funding Programs If you’re seeking funding for a business expansion, a community project or site revitalization in Pennsylvania, DCED offers a variety of programs to help. Programs & Funding Search for Funding How to Apply Single Application Program Funding matrices archived programs certified economic development organizations federal funding Opportunities.This Little-Known Trump-Soros Connection Will Surprise You Mortgage industry: Give us a “good-faith” grace period on TRID Top Mortgage Banking Leaders Engage in TRID Training Made Fun, Fast and Mobile with Morf Learning Pilot – View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150609005743/en/ “Though the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has granted a grace period. learning trid module provides a.10 New Secret Phone Settings That Will Surprise You – Duration: 6:36. BRIGHT SIDE 9,809,579 views San Jose’s new bishop eager to tackle everything from housing crisis to clergy abuse – At 51, Cantú, the son of Mexican immigrants, has gained a reputation as a fearless advocate for the poor, for immigrants. Though the diocese bought the home with money from a fund for housing. 5 myths about the working poor in America | Oxfam America. – · 5 myths about the working poor in America. September 7, housing subsidies, and cash assistance. Overall, it mounts up to over $200 billion a year in taxpayer dollars.. Our mission is to tackle the root causes of poverty and create lasting solutions. Oxfam America is a 501(c)(3) organization. Gifts are tax deductible to the full extent. Homelessness in Developing Countries – gov.uk – The legal position of homeless people In many countries, the legal position of squatters and other homeless people, particularly street homeless people, is poor, and both suffer raids. street homeless people are moved generally because they are perceived as. Working to tackle rabies in Myanmar – The New Humanitarian – Myanmar has 1,000 deaths annually and is second only to India in the region, a veterinary surgeon in Mandalay in central Myanmar, the country's second. Many poor people don't visit a clinic or hospital for a dog-bite.. taking the animals into their homes and hiding them when municipal staff come to. Combined Properties Snags VA Asset for $41M UBS Global Asset Management: Fed facilitating a controlled descent, or prompting a sugar crash? – UBS Global Asset Management: Fed facilitating a controlled descent, or prompting a sugar crash. investment teams with combined assets under management of more than USD 632 billion worldwide. While. Opinion: New Vietnamese American generation taking over – · Since the arrival of refugees after the fall of Saigon in 1975, a contingent of Vietnamese-Americans never missed an opportunity to organize against communism. However, most. · In 2015, as we learn in the introduction to Affordable Housing in New York, a wonderful new book edited by Nicholas Dagen Bloom and Matthew Gordon Lasner, 8 percent of the city’s rental. But the developers say villagers are well compensated, provided with new, better housing, and have the chance to get work in new industries brought to the Southeast Asian nation with crumbling. Additionally, a relatively high 28 percent of poor households in Philadelphia own their homes – this percentage discourages more of the city’s impoverished from moving. To make matters worse, many Philadelphia suburbs tightly regulate land use, which makes it harder to build (and build affordable housing in particular). Glendale assisted-living development secures $59M in financing Promenade Terrace, a 330-unit multifamily community located in Corona, Calif. has recently changed hands for $78.5 million, or approximately $238,000 per unit. promenade terrace in Corona, Calif..
Ukrainian woman Ekaterina from Kharkiv, ID:545877 - About Me Don't want to sound too typical when I try to describe myself, I could write that I am kind, funny, with good sense of humor and all that ) But what you really should know about me, is that I am not a silly little girl anymore, I am mature woman and I am looking for mature man, who could be my real partner in life, and not just pretend to be one ) I don't have time for games, actually I never had it, I always was and still am, most responsible person among my friend, even those who are older than me ) I have a new start in my life, and I am sure this will be something great for me and for the man that I am planning to find here ! All our previous experiences were just preparations for us to meet I love sports, cooking, reading, dancing, singing. but most of all I love art. you'll probably be surprised right now when you read my hobby. I'm sure you've never heard of this. I'm learning to make paintings from cassette tapes. are you surprised? have you ever heard of this?)) Yes Yes. paintings from cassette tapes. it is incredibly interesting and beautiful! this is now my main hobby. this is very difficult and a very rare hobby all over the world. but it caught my attention and I strive to learn how to create beautiful pictures of their cassette tapes. just imagine ... I can soon create a picture of you and me from cassette tapes. cool? are you surprised? 1.You do not believe universal stereotypes.2. Ready to throw everything away and let happiness and love into your life.3. Knows what true love and passion is, which flares up and never fades.If this is all about you, then do not hesitate, write.because it’s the kind of person I’m looking for.This image has developed in my head from an early age.If all this will be in you, then all the rest we will achieve together !!!Two hearts in love can conquer the whole world and humanity.Why not start conquering each other right here and now? No interviews yet
Showing results 1 to 4 of 4 A feasibility study to investigate the acceptability and potential effectiveness of a telecare service for older people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Journal:International Journal of Medical Informatics Changes in nursing education in Hong Kong - Progressive or regressive? Journal:Nurse Education Today Evolvement of left ventricular assist device: The implications on heart failure management Journal:Journal of Geriatric Cardiology
This is an archived press release Monday 24 January 2011 When you wish upon a star...you can help towards the Dark Skies project over the Peak District. The Peak District National Park Authority is asking people to look for the constellation of Orion the hunter to find out how much light pollution obscures our view of the night sky. The Authority's first appeal for people's help, at the beginning of January, was successful but partly affected by cloudy skies. So now the Authority is again asking people to go outside on a clear night, any time between January 28 and February 2. When they see Orion, they are asked to log their location, time and date and compare what they see with a series of images available online. The images show different views of Orion, some in a dark sky, where many stars are visible, and some with light-pollution and fewer stars. People are asked to identify which image most closely resembles what they see. Jane Chapman, head of environment, heritage and recreation strategy, said: "We were really grateful for the results we got at the beginning of January. But as it was cloudy on some of the nights, we'd appreciate people's help once again to assess how clearly they can see Orion. "Light pollution not only affects our enjoyment of the night sky, it wastes energy and has an impact on the wellbeing of people and wildlife. "The National Park Authority is working closely with several local astronomical societies to determine how light pollution affects the night sky in and around the Peak District. This information will enable us to work with other authorities to try to reduce unneeded light, and allow us to develop policies to protect our night sky for future generations." All the information needed to take part, including how to report your observations, is available from the website www.peakdistrict.gov.uk/darkskies
Tannenbaum Helpern Names Construction Law Practice Co-Chair 02.07.2019 • Press Release New York, NY — Tannenbaum Helpern appoints Josh Levy as co-chair of the firm’s Construction Law practice. Josh brings more than 10 years of construction and environmental experience to his new role and has represented clients such as Vornado Realty Trust, Sterling Equities, Time Equities, Seritage Growth Properties, New York Public Library, MCR Development LLC, Pace University and Avalon Bay Communities. Josh has advised developers, property owners, contractors, project managers and professionals on construction contracts, architect agreements, construction management agreements, consulting agreements and professional services agreements for both private and public projects. He also represents them in construction litigation in federal and state courts and before state and city agencies and municipal bodies. Well-versed in environmental regulatory matters, Josh advises buyers, sellers, insurers and borrowers regarding the environmental impacts of anticipated transactions and guiding clients through the complex regulatory regime for approvals. His environmental experience deals with contaminated properties, water and wetlands issues, land use, renewable energy, green building and National Environmental Policy Act issues. A frequent speaker on construction law topics, Josh contributes quarterly to the New York Law Journal’s Construction Law column, is co-chair of the New York County Lawyers Associations’ Construction Law Committee, and is a member of the Government Affairs Committee of the New York chapter of NAIOP which is the Commercial Real Estate Development Association for developers, owners and investors of office, industrial, retail and mixed-use real estate.
The goal of this program is to arrange college students for a career as a computer systems technologist. Although, digital media started to be developed with the creation of digital computers in the Nineteen Forties, their extensive cultural impression might be traced back solely to two or three many years, with the widespread diffusion of personal computers and especially the web (Briggs and Burke, 2009 ). In almost all trendy computers, each reminiscence cell is ready as much as retailer binary numbers in teams of eight bits (referred to as a byte). Due to the amount of computer know-how used in their career, graphic designers remain up-to-date on developing software program and computer technologies so as to stay aggressive. College students will also study the targets for several nationwide certifications together with A+, Network+ and Microsoft. Our purchasers include know-how driven firms with software program, subscription, transaction, service and media based enterprise models with both B2B and B2C market approaches. Throughout this system, students are requested to work individually and in teams, enabling them to develop their communication skills and autonomy. The primary characteristic of online advertising is that it requires a live internet connection to work, so, as an illustration, if you happen to run a PPC campaign for your small business, you’re doing a form of on-line advertising. Dealing with stiff competitors for digital advertisements, as well as some difficulty gathering data on viewers in the face of latest GDPR laws in Europe, it is little wonder subscriptions are starting to seem to be an awesome idea for on-line-only publications. Technology is strongest when it changes a easy conduct – in this case, staying with locals as an alternative of a resort room when traveling as a result of perception created by the use of their platform – and over time drives larger world change. Secondly, much of the goal demographic for computer science packages is non-conventional students, often those that are already in a profession related to technology and wish updated expertise and credentials, or who’re on the lookout for a profession change. Together with industry companions, our college replace curriculum, tools, tools, and software program to make sure college students are studying what the IT field needs now and in the future.
17". Composition socket head of chubby-faced toddler,very bright painted blonde baby hair with squiggly forelock curl,sleep eyes,real lashes,three painted upper lashes at each eye,tiny brows,rounded nose,"O" shaped lips,five piece composition toddler body. Wearing original blue muslin toddler dress with delicate embroidery detail,muslin slip and panties,socks,moccasins. Marked "Harriet Flanders c. 1937". Designed by Harriet Flanders based upon illustrations in her book "Little Cherub". Georgene Averill,circa 1937.
Gwen Stefani Photoshops Blake Shelton In, Ex-Husband Out of Throwback Picture Gwen Stefani shared a fun throwback photo of herself with Blake Shelton, but what's peculiar is that she and the country star didn't know each other in the 1990s. Also, to insert her current boyfriend into the image, she needed to cut out her ex-husband, Gavin Rossdale. The new picture has obviously been edited and touched up, and Stefani doesn't try to hide it when she says, "#datenight @acmawards w my boo @blakeshelton gx." The pair started dating in late 2015, having met on the set of NBC's The Voice. The pop star's followers on Instagram were quick to bring back an oldie but goodie of her with Rossdale, posted not long before they broke up. In the original, the formerly married pair are in all of their '90s California glory in the picture, her Stefani in a crop top and blonde hair, and Rossdale looking very alt-rock, with a chain wallet and everything. The couple have three kids together, who Shelton helps raise while they're with him in Oklahoma. Of course the "date night" Stefani spoke of was their performance at the 2020 ACM Awards. The two sang from a green screen studio in Los Angeles that magically became the Bluebird Cafe in Nashville for the song, their new duet "Happy Anywhere." Later in the night Shelton would win a CMA Award for Single of the Year for "God's Country," a hit in 2019. Shelton and Stefani are in Los Angeles taping the new season of The Voice, which begins in October. They now own a house together in California, to go with Shelton's farmhouse in Oklahoma. See Blake Shelton + Gwen Stefani's Stunning California Mansion Gwen Stefani's Other Mansion Was Mind-Blowing!
Sweeney Todd returns to London having been unjustly exiled by the evil Judge Turpin. Now hailing as the Demon Barber, Sweeney swears vengenance against the Judge. Coaxed by the whispered words of the ensemble, Todd forms a sinister partnership with Mrs Lovett. Todd's thirst for blood inspires the addition of a secret ingredient into Lovett's meat pies that has the people of London lining up for more. Todd's bloodthirsty world will come alive before your very eyes in a late-night spectacle. With electric choreography, moving set and a bold and sinister cast, prepare to be charmed and even a little blood-drenched. Only the brave will sit in our front row. Following the success of our 2017 dystopian production Little Shop of Horrors at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, where our ensemble-constructed Audrey II chased audience members out of the theatre, this year Ethereal Theatre are inspired by Dante's Inferno. We are proud to be debuting our production of Sweeeny Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street at The Cockpit, as we invite you to abandon all hope as you journey with us into one of Stephen Sondheim's most iconic musicals, and discover the demon barber lurking within. Witness this bloody musical as we break the mould on a conventional Victorian London, featuring dance, audience immersion and an overarching aesthetic inspired by German Expressionism. Follow them on the Stagedoor app to get notified when they have a new show.
Nike is set to release a new line of sneakers for casual, on-the-go wear. Coming 2012, is the new Nike Alphaballer Mid. The sneaker’s design is based on old school silhouettes with a modern feel featuring a sleek and simple midsole, synthetic uppers and an overall retro look that premiers in 4 different colorways: – Cool Grey/Gym Red/Neutral Grey/Black – White/Light Charcoal/Midnight Navy – White/Gorge Green/Stealth/Anthracite The Nike Alphaballer Mid drops next spring with a price tag of $80.
I had spent a lot time in professional working environments working with statutory homeless. This included many diagnosed psychopaths/sociopaths. I had worked alongside mental health teams, had trained for and worked with victims of domestic violence. I completed a course at University in Counselling and another course in life coaching. Yet, none of these experiences, had given me the depth of knowledge that I had of understanding sociopathic behaviour more than being personally involved with more than one. It is a depth of understanding that was not available to me in a working or educational capacity. I spent the last year in support forums for victims. This led me to understand the patterns of behaviour, how they were universal, and how stories were almost identical. For a long time in the relationship I was under the mask of illusion, I didn’t want it to be true – but pain forced me to seek the truth, in a way that I wouldn’t have in a working capacity. I had been thinking in recent times that perhaps I should return to university and obtain a qualification specifically for what I write. Reading the course outline material for many universities, I couldn’t find anything that would offer the depth of knowledge that I wanted on paper. It was from this, from spending the last year talking to victims/survivors, that I realised that those who have been involved in relationships with the disordered, likely have a better understanding than those who have not. Why victims/survivors have a better understanding than those with theoretical understanding 1. Sociopaths/Psychopaths are compulsive/pathological liars and very charming You would know yourself from being in the relationship just how persuasive your partner was. How they could very easily switch on the mask of sanity and convince you that it was ‘you’. The sociopath in the therapy setting, is no different. I know personally of a few members of staff (female) – who worked in service of probation/prison officers/therapists, either directly or through word of mouth, whose careers were ruined by being taken in by a sociopath/psychopath who lured in their worker. At the time as that has never happened to me I wondered how that could happen? After all, we all have professional boundaries with clients. (I should add that I didn’t meet my partner(s) in this way!!) Sociopaths are very good at grooming their victim and luring them in. 2. Sociopaths are very good at playing victim and acting the ‘good guy’ You as the victim, would see the sociopath all of the time, not just for a limited amount of time, that is pre-arranged. You likely saw the mask slip many times. The sociopath no matter how good he/she is, will have a relapse into ‘usual’ crazy behaviour, they cannot keep the mask of sanity going for too long a period. Usually, this is when you try to assert your independence or get out of the relationship and then you will see the narcissistic rage occur, the sociopath will become overbearing or controlling. The psychologist/therapist/worker will often not see this behaviour. They might hear reports of this from other people. But will rarely witness this. If they do, the sociopath is very good at glossing over, apologising and making it out that everything was just a mistake, they are very sorry. If you haven’t experienced this repeated behaviour over and over, you could be (and you the victim probably were many times) lured into yet again the illusion of deception. 3. Sociopaths are very good at mirroring The sociopath in a psycho-therapeutic setting will also mirror the worker. I have been on the receiving end of this. Workers from other agencies tell me a particular client was a pathological liar. Yet the client managed to convince me that it was all a mistake. He came across as such a ‘nice guy’. Even I had thought perhaps the other person had it wrong. Perhaps he was misjudged, he was a nice guy, just very misunderstood and had had a very rough time in life. I made excuses for the behaviour. I lost count of the amount of times that we had undertaken a risk assessment for someone whose referral form said ‘psychopath or sociopath’. Yes we had expected someone very different to the person who was in front of us. Because sociopaths are very good at ‘mirroring’ they are able to seem ‘just like you’ and this includes to the person that they are working with. Due to this – 4. Sociopaths appear very normal I had never worked with one who matched what I had expected, when I saw the outline and diagnosis on the referral papers. I had a lot of anticipated judgement, which was never proven in reality. Looking back I realise that it was because a sociopath uses various techniques to appear very normal. In fact compared to other issues that I worked with, the sociopath often seemed the most normal of everyone. The sociopath portrays the mask of sanity, being very ‘normal and moralistic’ very well. 5. Sociopaths are very manipulative and deceptive and enjoy creating the mask of illusion Back to dupers delight and the joy of conning. The sociopath enjoys playing the game, and they do this with a worker too. Just as they do in the relationship, they are able to do this even more so in a therapeutic setting as - Time is limited - The worker doesn’t know the sociopath well enough to know see the repeated pattern of behaviour – the worker sees only what the sociopath chooses for them to see, which is often false and a mask of illusion - The sociopath will play the game with the worker – but as time is limited it is more probable that this game will go undetected - There are no emotions involved Victims see the real deal Victims are able to see what is really going on. After the honeymoon period when you were groomed and lured into the relationship with false empty promises – after the assessment and seduction stage, the gaming begins. The victim is left in a constant state of anxiety. When people are anxious they are hyper alert and aware and therefore will pick up everything (as they are on guard for being hurt again). Victims can see the real deal, because they ‘feel’ the real deal. When the sociopath does an action in the therapeutic setting, it is unlikely (although it could) but it is unlikely to cause the worker pain. They are not emotionally involved. They simply move onto the next person. The victim however, being emotionally involved holds onto the pattern of behaviour. Will analyse it in their mind to try to understand it. The victim feels pain. At first, when not understanding what is happening or who their partner really is. The victim is confused. This is reinforced by the sociopath who will use the victims lack of knowledge of their behaviour to manipulate and blame the victim. Once the victim has knowledge and understanding, the truth is seen very clearly. As the victim spends a lot of time with the sociopath. They are able to see lots of patterns of behaviour which are often repeated but wouldn’t be shown in the relationship with the worker. What are your thoughts? Have you experienced this? Do you think that somebody in the workplace would have a better understanding than a victim? Or do you think that professionals know best? Why do you think this? I would be interested in your views.
Have the same irratating whistle trying to sort it out now. The place were it is glued and taped was my first guess. But i have tapped it and the noise is still there. Most annoying. Any other suggestion? I know its been a while since this posting, but after 18 months I have found the source of my wind noise! It was coming from the little hole where the wire for the tweeter goes through the door. Pooped off the speaker and squirted a bit of silicone in - and silence! I was sooo excited. Hope it solves someone else's frustration! ive found the answer to this scenario right chaps under ** wing mirror there is a rubber seal going along under the mirror i noticed that half way under the rubber had some owe managed to turn in and there for leaving a gap i went down b and q and bough some foam that u can use for house door seals and fitted it in the gap. 60 70 mph before whistle whistle whistle now nothing so i think ive cracked the issue of whistling door mirrors hope this helps opcorn:
When it comes to relationships, our friends and family sometimes give us the worst advice — ever. But, if they’re all saying the same thing about your man, listen! When you’re in conversation with them and find you frequently have to rationalize his shortcomings, you could be settling. He’s overcome a lot…He’s going through a rough time…He didn’t have good role models. These aren’t good excuses! When you first fall in love, most people only see the best in each other. As a matter of fact, in the early stages of a relationship, we psychologically project our best qualities onto our partner. If you’re having a hard time seeing their best because only their worst screams out at you, watch out! “The little stuff” will only multiply and magnify with time. Shopping, alcohol, television, and movies are all modes of escapism many of us turn to often. Just to be clear here, I’m not saying there is anything wrong with any of these. But if you are filling your free time with these activities, you may want to consider just what it is you are trying to escape from. This one is pretty straight forward. If you think about Idris Elba more than you think about your man, you’re not in the right relationship. Case closed. Idris is a fantasy, your relationship is real life. You should be happy with your reality. Can’t wait until he leaves so you can get some work done? Hoping he doesn’t call tonight because you’d rather watch Dancing With The Stars? The bottom line is that when you love who you are with you don’t wish time away. If anything, you wish you had more time with them. Do you ever find yourself feeling jealous over the relationships your girlfriends have with their significant others? Perhaps you say to yourself, “I wish my man would do that for me.” There is nothing wrong with wanting the best for your relationship, but if you find yourself wishing you were living in another woman’s shoes, it is not a good sign. Let me first say, I’ve seen some ridiculous “non-negotiable” lists written by single women. It’s all good to have preferences but a non-negotiable should be directly tied to your health and happiness. That said, if for example: you’ve always wanted to have babies and he doesn’t, that’s a non-negotiable and you can’t ignore that! If you’ve told yourself he “may be as good as it gets," you are settling. Do you hear the proverbial biological clock ticking away? Is it telling you, “girl, you don’t have much time left”? Don’t listen! It’s easier to lower your standards when you believe the only alternative to the situation you’re in is a lifetime of loneliness. In the early stages of a relationship, waking up in the morning should be fairly easy. Why? Because you look forward to being with your loved one. Psychologically speaking, people in love have an intense craving for union. If all you want to do is go back to sleep when your alarm goes off, it means you either had a long night or you’re not motivated about going through your day, and your lover isn’t an important enough enticement to change that. I tell my clients all the time, if you have to question whether you’re settling, you’re settling.
Women driving means prostitution, pornography, homosexuality and divorce: Saudi Saudi Arabia - Women in Saudi Arabia are not allowed to drive, the only country in the world to do so. Two months ago, Saudi Arabian court sentenced a woman to 10 whips because she was caught driving around. The Saudi king however, immediately revoked the sentence few days later amid international embarrassment. It seems apparently that Saudi Arabia in reality has no appetite to forgive the woman. We will now continue the stories of that woman who was sentenced to 10 lashes fordriving that time. Six months ago, Shaima Jastaniya drove her car in one of Jeddah’s streets before getting arrested by the police. In September, Jastaniya was sentenced to 10 lashes for challenging the driving ban which sparked outrage across the world, and a few days later, news spread that she received a pardon from the Saudi monarch himself. When interrogated, Shaima said she drove her car because she had no means of public or private transportation and needed to get to the hospital.Shaima’s sentence became a cause celebre within the royal family when it emerged two months ago. Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a billionaire entrepreneur who is Saudi Arabia’s richest man and his wife, Princess Ameerah, made a personal appeal to the king to spare the young mother. The two have been working and actively taking part in international events to improve Saudi image across the world.The king agreed, and the royal couple telephoned Shaima to reassure her that the charges would be dropped. But no one seems to have ‘informed’ the court in Jeddah, and it has now notified her that the sentence will stand.Shaima has appealed against the verdict, but there are fears that the ultra-conservative clerics within the government want to make an example of her to warn all women in the Kingdom not to drive. Prince Nayef bin Abdul-Aziz, the newly appointed Crown Prince, is more conservative than his half-brother the king, and has been adamant in his opposition to granting women greater freedoms. Two female Saudi journalists are now being sued for reporting Shaima’s case, and at least three other women are facing trial for driving.“Shaima is frightened and very confused,” said a friend and fellow activist in Jeddah. “She thought that this was finished, but apparently not. It was bad enough that she was sentenced, but if she is pardoned and still gets punished it would be ridiculous.”Saudi Arabia is the only country to deny women the right to drive. But despite renewed protests against the ban this year, resistance to reform and change remains strong among conservative royals and clerics.The Saudi highest religious council, the Majlis al-Ifta’ al-A’ala and conservative professors in King Fahd University, a prestigious university in the kingdom, warned that the country would become a den of evil if the ban on women driving were lifted. In their report, it was stated that allowing women to drive would provoke a surge in prostitution, pornography, homosexuality and divorce. Within 10 years of the ban being lifted, it warned, there would be “no more virgins” in the kingdom.http://www.zimbabwemetro.com/?p=30633
The Political Life of Metrics - 301 Downloads This chapter extends the analysis of the previous chapter to the role of metrics in political practice, using the U.S. standard graduation rate metric as a case. I argue that information is best understood as a process of communication in which observation is encoded into data through the translation regime and then decoded into metrics which are then institutionalized in political processes. In both processes, political factors are prominent, making metrics a political outcome at the least. I go further, however, showing that metrics play important distributive roles in politics, allocating material and moral goods as well as the conditions of political power. Metrics also exercise political control directly, working much like administrative procedures to select favored outcomes without direct legislative intervention and building the capacity of the state to exercise control over policy areas. - American Association of Community Colleges. (2010, December 1). Sample completion commitment statement. https://www.aacc.nche.edu/About/completionchallenge/Documents/CalltoAction_Writable.docx. Accessed 3 Dec 2015. - Berlin, I. (1979). Does political theory still exist? In H. Hardy (Ed.), Concepts and categories: Philosophical essays of Isaiah Berlin (pp. 143–172). Oxford: Penguin Books.Google Scholar - Buhler, D. L. (2015, July 22). 2015–2016 USHE performance funding model and allocations. https://higheredutah.org/pdf/agendas/201507/TabR.pdf. Accessed 9 May 2017. - Committee on Measures of Student Success. (2011, December). Committee on measures of student success: A report to secretary of education Arne Duncan. United States Department of Education. https://www2.ed.gov/about/bdscomm/list/cmss-committee-report-final.pdf. Accessed 9 May 2017. - Council of Regional Accrediting Commissions. (2016, September 21). Regional accreditors announce expanded review of institutions with low graduation rates. http://www.nwccu.org/Pubs%20Forms%20and%20Updates/Forms/PDF%20Files/Press%20Release%20FINAL%209-16-161.pdf. Accessed 9 May 2017. - Easton, D. (1953). The political system: An inquiry into the state of political science. New York: Knopf.Google Scholar - Fuller, C. (2011). The history and origins of survey items for the integrated postsecondary education data system (No. NPEC 2012–833). Washington, DC: National Postsecondary Education Cooperative. http://nces.ed.gov/pubs2012/2012833.pdf. Accessed 28 Oct 2015. - Hall, S. (2006). Encoding/decoding. In M. G. Durham & D. M. Kellner (Eds.), Media and cultural studies: Keyworks (Revised ed., pp. 163–173). Oxford: Blackwell.Google Scholar - Institutional Research & Information. (2012). Student success/retention. http://www.uvu.edu/iri/indicators/. Accessed 12 Mar 2014. - Lasswell, H. D. (1950). Politics: Who gets what, when, how. New York: P. Smith.Google Scholar - March, J. G., & Olsen, J. P. (1989). Rediscovering institutions: The organizational basis of politics. New York: The Free Press.Google Scholar - McCubbins, M. D., Noll, R. G., & Weingast, B. R. (1987). Administrative procedures as instruments of political control. Journal of Law, Economics, and Organization, 3(2), 243–277.Google Scholar - McMillan Cottom, T. (2017). Lower ed: The troubling rise of for-profit colleges in the new economy. New York: The New Press.Google Scholar - Mitchell, W. C. (1961). Politics as the allocation of values: a critique. Ethics, 71(2.) https://www.jstor.org/stable/2379509. Accessed 7 May 2017. - National Center for Education Statistics. (n.d.-a). The integrated postsecondary education data system––Glossary. http://nces.ed.gov/ipeds/glossary/. Accessed 11 Nov 2015. - National Center for Education Statistics. (n.d.-b). Outcome measures. IPEDS 2015–16 data collection system. https://surveys.nces.ed.gov/ipeds/VisNextYearForms.aspx?year=3&survey=13&form=101&nextYearForm=101&index=0&ri=0&show=all&instid=30101. Accessed 11 Nov 2015. - National Conference of State Legislators. (2015, July 31). Performance-based funding for higher education. http://www.ncsl.org/research/education/performance-funding.aspx. Accessed 7 May 2017. - Schneider, M. (2008). The costs of failure factories in American higher education. (No. Education Outlook Number 6. Washington, DC: American Enterprise Institute. https://www.aei.org/publication/the-costs-of-failure-factories-in-american-higher-education/. Accessed 26 Nov 2015. - Selingo, J.L. (2013). What presidents think: A 2013 survey of four-year college presidents. The chronicle of higher education. http://www.maguireassoc.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Chronicle-Presidents-Survey-for-Education-Counsel-2.pdf. Accessed 11 Nov 2015. - Student Success and Retention. (2017, March). UVU completion plan. Utah Valley University. https://www.uvu.edu/retention/docs/uvu_completion_plan_march2017.pdf. Accessed 10 May 2017. - Svrluga, S. (2016, January 19). University president allegedly says struggling freshmen are bunnies that should be drowned. The Washington Post: Grade Point. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2016/01/19/university-president-allegedly-says-struggling-freshmen-are-bunnies-that-should-be-drowned-that-a-glock-should-be-put-to-their-heads/. Accessed 17 Nov 2016. - Taylor, M. (2016, November 7). Student affairs PBA. https://www.uvu.edu/pba/docs/2016sa.pdf. Accessed 9 May 2017. - University Planning Advisory Committee. (2014, October 9). Meeting minutes, October 9, 2014. http://www.uvu.edu/insteffect/docs/upac_min_2.25.16.pdf. Accessed 25 May 2017. - University Planning Advisory Committee. (2016, February 25). Meeting minutes, February 25, 2016. http://www.uvu.edu/insteffect/docs/upac_min_2.25.16.pdf. Accessed 25 May 2017. - University Planning Advisory Committee. (2017, February 23). 2016–2017 Mission fulfillment self-evaluation. Utah Valley University. http://www.uvu.edu/insteffect/docs/2017_upac_self_evaluation.pdf. Accessed 25 May 2017. - U.S. Department of Education. (2014, December 19). For public feedback: A college ratings framework. https://www2.ed.gov/documents/college-affordability/college-ratings-fact-sheet.pdf. Accessed 12 May 2017. - Utah Valley University. (2015). UVU: State of the University––February 10, 2015. Orem, Utah. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZrp_iUNVkY. Accessed 25 May 2017. - Weingast, B.R. (2013, October 3). McNollgast. https://web.stanford.edu/group/mcnollgast/cgi-bin/wordpress/mcnollgast-2/. Accessed 11 May 2017. - Young, I. M. (1990). Justice and the politics of difference. Princeton: Princeton University Press.Google Scholar
Are my fish too crammed?? I have a 55 gallon with a Gold severum, angel fish, jack demphsy, spotted african leaf, and blood parrot cichlid Any advice would be awesome!!! Please excuse the spelling :) - 2 years ago Yes, get a bigger aquarium. Fish are cool. Still have questions? Get answers by asking now.
Essentially now the solo project of Neil Pennycook, despite an impressive cast list flitting through the revolving doors, Meursault return with a really rather triumphant album. Usually a more interesting live proposition than on record – an appearance at the BBC 6 Music festival in Glasgow this year was just spectacular and seductively intense – it seems with I Will Kill Again that things have finally been translated more fully onto wax. That’s not to say previous outings have been poor, just, this release after a two-year hiatus captures the intimate yet primal elements that define the band on stage: the introspective yet powerful darkness apparent in the soul of the main man is given free rein. That being the case, I Will Kill Again ain’t terribly jolly but then there is comfort in a brutally honest soundtrack to the human condition: sonorous keyboards glide around tracks like ‘Klopfgeist’ with a yearning vocal that seems both anguished yet oddly at home in an inky void: perhaps illustrating exactly where he and the band is right now. Rightly shortlisted for the Scottish Album of the Year award, it’s impossible not to be both moved and also feel faint disquiet by tracks like ‘Belle Amie’ – a paean to lost love, perhaps, with immaculate and haunting vocals that ooze from a dark dark place; remarkable stuff indeed. Another excellent release from Edinburgh-based Song, By Toad Records and one that adds to their impressive output with a distinctive and strangely warming voice, even in amongst the grit and grief. “The last thing the world needs now / Is another song about the fucking sea“, says Mr Pennycook on ‘Ode To Gremlin’ – that may very well be true but one gets the feeling these songs needed to be written as much as any kind of artistic intent. Such sincerity and honesty is a dangerous muse to toy with – it frequently results in rather worthy but artless outpourings – however, Pennycook keeps things taut: catharsis in a measured but bearly controlled way, that is where Meursault are at and, for us, that is quite excellent. Beautiful melodies and immaculate production with a hefty dose of reality – can’t ask for much more and one hopes this reincarnation carries on with more releases to come: Meursault come of age and are a very exciting proposition at the moment, very exciting indeed. Words: Vosne Malconsorts
Today, 5/10/2016, I was attempting to 'Share' a Post on Facebook, when a 'Blue Screen Popped Up' stating I had possible 'Security' problems. The message said to call 855-506-6515 and not to disconnect or Reboot my computer. I called the number and got some man who I COULD NOT UNDERSTAND A THING HE WAS SAYING. I asked where he was located and who he worked for. He said Microsoft and he was in the North Carolina area? He suggested that maybe my 'Security Program' had expired. I told him I was running Microsoft Essentials Security check as we spoke. I told him I couldn't understand a 'Damn Thing' he was saying; that he was a 'Hoax' and I was going to report this number; and, I hung up on him! © CallHunter | Comments | Resources | Terms | Privacy
Hello everyone! This post idea came from the Student Blogging Challenge. It’s about my avatar. This is my avatar. My avatar looks a lot like me. I made it on a website. I have short brown hair like the avatar. I’m surprised they had my exact hairstyle. My eyes are actually a little bit browner than the avatars but they didn’t have another option that wasn’t completely brown. The hair, the nose, and everything else looks the same. I’m wearing a dark green hoodie for a couple reasons. For one, it matches the eyes, I also really like that color. I have a couple hoodies that are the same color, and they look like that. I like to be in the woods and that is a color that matches the woods. The only thing that I don’t like about my avatar is that it looks a little bit like anime. I don’t like how anime looks. But otherwise, I really like my avatar.
- 5 Beds - 6.3 Baths - 10,493 SqFt BRITTON NEW DFW HOMES FOR SALE Britton New Homes in Dallas-Ft. Worth, TX Are you considering buying a new home for sale by Britton Homes in Dallas-Fort Worth, TX? If so, you've come to the right place! Our DFW new home experts can help you find all available Britton homes for sale in Dallas-Fort Worth, TX including single-family, condo and townhome communities. Our agents work with all home builders in DFW and can help you find and negotiate the best discounts, home rebates and free upgrades on Britton homes for sale in Dallas, Fort Worth and surrounding areas. Whether you're searching for Britton completed inventory homes with deep discounts and price breaks, new custom Britton homes with finish out and upgrade options or a buyer investor wanting to be one of the first to take advantage of pre-construction housing opportunities in DFW, we've got you covered! For more information on current Britton new construction home builder incentives and inventory options, call/text one of our DFW new home specialists at (214) 764-4124. Be sure to ask about special preferred DFW lender programs you may qualify for that offer buyer closing cost assistance, mortgage rate discounts and other special offers when using a Britton Homes preferred lender in Dallas-Ft. Worth, TX. New Homes For Sale in Dallas-Fort Worth, TX: |All Listings||Under $100,000||$100,000 - $200,000| |$200,000 - $300,000||$300,000 - $400,000||$400,000 - $500,000| |$500,000 - $600,000||$600,000 - $700,000||$700,000 - $800,000| |$800,000 - $900,000||$900,000 - $1,000,000||Over $1,000,000|
Lewis Hamilton has ramped up the pressure on Valtteri Bottas by challenging him to prove his championship credentials. Hamilton heads into Sunday’s Spanish Grand Prix trailing his team-mate by a single point. The Mercedes pair have two victories apiece, but Bottas heads the standings by virtue of his fastest lap at the opening round in Australia Bottas, a winner last time out in Azerbaijan, continued his strong start to the campaign by completing a practice double at Barcelona’s Circuit de Catalunya on Friday. Hamilton was just five-hundredths of a second slower, with the Ferrari duo of Charles Leclerc and Sebastian Vettel a third of a second further back, third and fourth respectively. - Bottas edges Hamilton in Barcelona practice - James Allison recalls his awkward first meeting with Hamilton - Brazilian Grand Prix will move to Rio de Janeiro in 2020 Although Bottas has been quick out of the blocks in 2019, Hamilton does not traditionally come alive until the second half of the season. Naturally, there are doubts as to whether the Finn will be able to last the course of a 21-round campaign. “Winning the championship is not just about winning a couple of races,” said Hamilton. “It is about the whole season. It will be interesting to see how he goes in the harder conditions. We’ve only had four races so watch this space.” Vettel will be desperate to ensure it does not become a one-team fight for the title. But the Ferrari driver has already been cast 35 points adrift, and despite boasting an engine upgrade for the first round of the European season here, he finished practice a third of a second off the pace. As such, Bottas could yet be Hamilton’s closest rival for a sixth crown. Bottas, 29, was fortunate to keep his seat at Mercedes after he failed to win a race last year. Hamilton’s number two performance engineer, Riccardo Musconi, has since been moved to Bottas’ side of the garage. Musconi, an important figure in Hamilton’s recent title triumphs, was promoted by Mercedes to the role of the Finn’s race engineer, filling the void left by Tony Ross after his switch to Formula E. “That has been a nice helping hand [for Bottas] and he has learned a lot from that,” added Hamilton. “The things I was doing with my settings – which my former engineer is now encouraging him to do – has definitely helped him move in the right direction. So, the little step he has taken is to be expected. “I now have a new engineer. We work well together but it takes time to build a relationship. It is not as strong as something that has been built over six years.” The Mercedes hierarchy are obviously keen that Hamilton’s relationship with Bottas does not deteriorate in the same fashion as the Briton’s did with Nico Rosberg. Indeed, it was at this race three years ago where both Mercedes cars ended up in the gravel at Turn 4 after they collided on the opening lap. In a toxic campaign, Rosberg went on to beat Hamilton to the title at the final race in Abu Dhabi and promptly retired. Hamilton, 34, said: “I have grown a lot since then. I am much stronger in and out of the car and much better at knowing how to manage my relationships. “I don’t have any doubt in my ability. I am down for whatever challenge, and whoever is going to challenge me. Everything is great within the team. The respect is there, so don’t expect what you have seen in the past.”News Now - Sport News
Release date: December 13, 2016 Vulnerability identifier: APSB16-45 CVE numbers: CVE-2016-7888, CVE-2016-7889 Platform: Windows, Macintosh and Android |Adobe Digital Editions||4.5.2 and earlier versions||Windows, Macintosh and Android Adobe categorizes this update with the following priority ratings and recommends users update their installation to the newest version: - This update resolves a vulnerability that could lead to a memory address leak (CVE-2016-7888). - This update resolves an issue associated with parsing crafted XML entities that could lead to information disclosure (CVE-2016-7889).
The Old Grist Mill | 390 Fall River Avenue, Seekonk | 508-336-8460 The Old Grist Mill “It was like a movie. It just went up in flames,” says Greg Esney, recalling the infamous incident. Greg and his wife Sue have been the owners of The Old Grist Mill since 2009. “I was the general manager for years,” he says. “When the owner decided to sell, Sue and I jumped at the opportunity.” But then an unbelievable accident happened in the summer of 2012. A large truck filled with bananas rolled over, tripped a gas line and hit a telephone pole – causing an explosion and major fire damage. “We knew right away we were going to rebuild,” Greg says. Two and a half years later, the tavern reopened to triumphant response from its devoted customers and community. Built in 1745 and a restaurant since 1930’s, The Old Grist Mill was a piece of history long before the fire. The rustic tavern overlooks a picturesque pond complete with a bubbling waterfall. The classic New England view perfectly complements the menu, which boasts traditional favorites like hand-cut steaks and chops, hearty pastas and seafood. The portions are very generous and include a trip to the salad bar. A large surf and turf menu allows you to indulge in the best of both worlds. Speaking of indulging, their desserts and legendary cinnamon bread are made in their in-house bakery. A pub menu available at the lounge offers crowd-pleasers like burgers and sharing boards. The bar hosts monthly tasting events where guests can taste the newest tastes in spirits. Lobsterfest, a month-long celebration that includes a special menu and prices, returns on August for its 26th year. “We’re thrilled to bring back this tradition for our customers,” says Greg. The Wharf Tavern When the owner of The Wharf Tavern, a RI mainstay since 1955, announced his retirement five years ago, the Esneys once again leaped at the chance to own it. “We always loved this restaurant,” Greg says, adding that the restaurants compliment each other. “They both serve traditional New England fare in casual and welcoming environments,” he says. With an updated look and a mission to serving fresh and local seafood, The Wharf Tavern continues to be a family-friendly favorite. Built directly on the Warren River, the sprawling restaurant offers gorgeous waterfront views from nearly every table. Simply prepared seafood such as oysters, clams, swordfish, salmon, steamers and lobster is the house specialty here, always priced reasonably and served with a choice of soup or salad and fresh-made bread. The large family friendly menu also includes flatbread pizzas, slow roasted prime rib, chops, ribs, homemade chowder and much more. Like its sister restaurant The Old Grist Mill, there’s great private spaces for special occasions, including the wonderful second story banquet room. A rebuilt floating dock welcomes boaters to dock and dine. “We really support the boating community,” Greg says, pointing out that the restaurant offers a 10% discount to diners that arrive by boat. Be it a family dinner, a romantic outing or a custom special event, you’re bound to have a great dining experience at these time-honored restaurants.
Now, to place one on with your mouth, all you have to do is determine how the condom needs to roll as you take it but do not roll it. Put the teat within your mouth and suck on it slightly to keep it. Then place the tip of his penis in the condom that is attached to your lips, slide the penis into your mouth and as it does this, your mouth should start, and with that movement, the condom will start to wrap around the tip of his online dating registration Reinland Manitoba. At one point, I persuaded them( with very little effort) to a sixty- nine place and that I pumped my thick prick from Reinland hookers number into Nadine's hot cunt while Emma lay beneath and licked her clit, stopping every few strokes to pull my cock out and then suck it clean before stuffing it back in again, all of the while squirming and bucking as Nadine ate her pussy out of above. Alpha men are concentrated on fighting urges because they understand that any type of imbalance causes them to focus over and lose control over their own lives, which they have fought tough to maintain discipline. Ifyou're a slave to a cigarette or donut, then you don't have any control over a portion of your life and what drives you. The ideal approach invites someone should be prepared to pay no matter the gender or is whomever initiates. I have heard some girls proclaim a man always pays. Hypothetically, that might mean he must pay for airline tickets, hotels, transport, food and all activities in the event the man loved the idea in her mind and a woman could indicate going to Hawaii! Something as extravagant as a trip, needs to be discussed with no assumptions made. I am not. Among the chief reasons for this being that each meeting is a revelation to me nine days out of ten I learn something which I can put to good use in improving my own life that is dating. If the person wants to see a photograph of your genitals, they send it, then will inquire. On the first pic delivered and in your profile pic, it is a great idea to show what you look like. . . body and face. It took more than anticipated because I had some valuable lessons to learn about myself so rich and amazing, although I believe we were destined to be together. Wish record, or A shopping list, helps you be brutally specific of what you want, which helps you filter out games which do not satisfy your standards. As an example, if you want instead of being about the interaction two kids and a man or woman hits your inbox, you will initially check out his profile to see if it matches your search criteria, and then move accordingly. Reinland dating apps are useless slowed herself down as she went to the meeting and advised the exact local sluts Lynn Creek BC CEO the four magic words men love to hear. . . " I need your aid. " He gladly stepped up and within 5minutes that the bargain was sealed. They spent the next hour. He shared a great deal and from the conclusion of the conversation, he told her to call him. Jeff appeared to enjoy the notion of his sister being befriended by me. He'd often push us to spend some time and even go so far as to purchase other such things and concert tickets for our ladies' nights to find local sluts free local sex Reinland MB just how much our friendship was accepted of by him. I can't state that his motives were totally unselfish. Introverts are Creative Almost in every industry there is a requirement of creative local bar sluts Point May NL who have unique ideas for success and the growth of the business. As they have the tendency to think in a way, introverts are full of creativity and they produce such thoughts that are admired by everyone. And if given the chance to pursue my research, I'll do my best to show that every cent will not be in vain. I have experiences financial difficulties but those have helped me become independent and reliant to keep on living in this world with courage and glee. God has not created me in the world, through my parents, to not become useless. It is a lifelong battle! Appendix A: Children Are Tougher Than You Believe The Rebuilding Blocks Process for EdD, Children Bruce Fisher, and Robert Stewart, MA I believed everything in my life that could go wrong had. But now my kids are acting out. I truly don't know what to do. You do stuff that the un- established do not do and may never do. The un- solid would not find out how to go from pillar to post. Them would confuse. They don't know about gut amount running. They can not ever, fathom that awful feeling that you would have to fear, known as fear it- self and do not grasp. They might not have a clue about ever. Winging it's a higher risk is an effort at being established. It is often described concurrently with broken relationships and smashed dreams. Overheard is the synchronous comment from a date, or sometimes a spouse correlated with an individual who is all over the map with no origins, that goes like, " which Ted Tasker is living by his wits. " It was the moan we heard about him. The benefit of armenian dating apps Reinland Manitoba through two approaches that are different is that you can use the method. It's difficult to be completely irrelevant to the romantic and mainstream culture that has been sprinkled over time onto us, and I understand that a few things concerning the Inner Game Method would be impractical to get a guy who's tremendously affected by this culture. In other words, the only reason anyone feels" out of state" to start with is because of the nervousness generated by trying to" get" success. Of course, you might have guessed the answer to this good casual sex headlines Reinland Manitoba: The Way to Approach Stress And so this contributes to what I believe is the trusted solution: create all your approaches. As I discussed previously, it is very valuable to make your social greetings non- complicated, social and local sluts cumshots Reinland Manitoba: " What is your night going? " , " Cheers, happy Thursday! " . Combine with groups and provide toasts, clink glasses, then move on to another group. Open groups of guys AND girls, and always be on the move, continually walking from place to place. " When I am about to local hot sluts Reinland MB somethingI am thinking about making something happen in my life, or something I am excited about shows up for mepersonally, I askmyself'How can I make this a surprise? ' ' ' Here is a good example: In the past, you needed to organize a holiday. You don't require to use something that is mosting likely to flaunt a great deal of skin or that you do not feel comfortable in. The factor of on- line dating is to find somebody that has an interest in you and also wants to have a significant partnership. You don't desire a partnership with someone who is only thinking about your amateur chinese prostitutes Reinland Manitoba because they are not seeking the same thing that you are. So make certainyou're in something comfy and also something that does not make you look like somebody you do not intend to be. It Is Gotta Be It! When considering being for you, It's GotId Be It! What do you believe you could be asking? Well I am talking about that" It" factor that a guy must own, to be well worth settling down with, investing your time into and placing your heart on the line for. Today" It" could be described in so many ways and while we all have our own notion, I'd love to break it down to you and clarify those musts. Would he love to meet? Yes, he would. Hooray. It was too good to be true. However, his second email said he was headed down to a relative's home. From there, he might mosey on over to the Appalachians, or New Mexico, or even both, so he would get back in touch with me personally. Goodbye to the feelings of enslavement goodbye to the dislikes: mushrooms, onions, olives and my nightgown and getting and Joni Mitchell and also my friend Alice and visiting the zoo. Urges I have to acknowledge that I shortly became secretly thrilled to be about the circuit that is dating that is electronic. I have always admired and able to grasp lifestyle and get everything they want without needing any aid or anyone. I am not one of these beings. I had been chicken- - and it wasn't reaiized by me at first. The thought of having someone else to talk to besides my dog Ralphie, and having to blend and mingle with friends as part of some other couple, instead of having a" fifth wheel, " was intoxicating. I felt joyful. However there appeared to be other feelings. App whichyou're currently using and how it actually works or Reinland local sluts videos of the primary keys for succeeding in dating is to understand the site. Bumble is distinct from OKCupid, for the reasons I mentioned previously. SPECIAL NOTE TO ALL SINGLE PARENTS The idyllic times of the" Reinland Manitoba dating apps probems Amateur chinese prostitutes Oxdrift ON" are no more here. They may have never been except for. Parents with children should take caution. You don't OWE any potential partner complete disclosure before you meet. There are predators that troll for parents, and try to gain their trust so they can have access to their children. With this, you won't kill yourself reading too many books, rather, you are going to be the only writing novels and making countless your books since you've walked the walk( when everyone was lazy) , and it is time to write books and discuss your true stories to cure the world and educate the rest. You have now become a leader by having these 3skills. Watch this second date as an dating apps racial preferences online dating prostitution stings, such as the Russian dolls in which each has another interior itself. This is the way all of us are wired, using a wealth of who we are just under each layer. As you proceed feel your way, remember this is not a search and rescue. You are not currently trying to regain a treasure that is buried, but rather, you're discovering antiquities. Attempting to appeal to people at once suggests thatyou're local sluts Saint-Isidore QC a great deal of effort and time. Since all of famous prostitutes today dating is, at its heart, advertising, you need to local sluts meet an fuck Reinland Manitoba like a marketer. Do you want to appeal to a wide audience, and also one that's saturated with competitors at that, or do you want to aim a niche audience that is actively looking for what you have to offer you? That audience, although tempting, is a mistake; a large demographic that believesyou're fine or good enough is far less likely to react to your messages than the smaller demo that actually digs what you have to offer.
Part Time- Processing Technician Here are RDC we are looking to increase our operations department and open a variety of part-time positions. This would be a great opportunity for someone looking to fit work around other commitments. We can offer a 20-hour contract, over 5 days. The shift patterns will be between 6 am to 10 am and 2 pm to 6 pm. So, if you're looking for your next chapter but don't want to compromise on your additional responsibilities then this could be the opportunity for you. We can offer flexibility on either a fixed or flexible pattern to suit you. RDC is based in the heart of Braintree's industrial area. Braintree Town centre and Freeport shopping Centre is just a short drive away with access to plenty of shops and restaurants. The warehouse offers a large safe working environment, onsite parking 5 days a week and an onsite Cafe which serves a variety of meals for breakfast and Lunch. The company works with some of the largest companies across the UK and due to a large influx of work we are looking to expand our team. This role is based in our Processing Department. You will be fully trained to process IT equipment which will play a major role in the life cycle of the business. Example duties include: - Basic functional testing of client equipment - Grading equipment for resale or redeployment - Destruction of client data on all equipment via Blancco and USB functions - Destroying hard drives when required - Upgrading and cleaning equipment to meet our client's specification - Complying to our IT waste process and ensure all equipment is correctly recycled Knowledge, Skills & Experience We are looking for applicants who can demonstrate: - Strong work ethic - Able to communicate both verbally and written - General understanding of IT equipment In return RDC offers a range of benefits such as; Â£19,344 Per annum (Pro Rata to Â£10,316.80), 28 days holiday including bank holiday's which increases with your length of service up to 5 years (which will be pro-rata based on your hours), Pension Scheme, Childcare Vouchers, Death in Service and Income Continuous Policy. For further information regarding this role please email HR@RDC.co.uk. We aim to respond to all applications, however, due to the volumes this may not always be possible.
Texture: Creamy/soft butter slime X crunchy bingsu slime Scent: Pineapple ice cream (smells like Dole Whip) Toppings: Pineapple sprinkles and red glitter *slime may arrive partially/fully mixed depending on transit times and temperature* All orders come with a care packet which includes borax powder and a business card with slime care tips on the back. If slime arrives sticky, follow directions on care card. Slime is not appropriate for children under the age of 6. Keep slime away from pets, infants, furniture, and clothes. For any questions or inquiries, email us at email@example.com Adding product to your cart Customers love thunderr slime! See what our customers are saying! Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
"pageType" : "item_page", "placements" : "3", "placementNames" : "recommended-accessories_bottom_1,others-viewed_bottom_1" Used by horn players around the globe. The Classic Series French horn mouthpiece is designed in two rim widths to meet the needs of players at any proficiency level. The Standard rim models are much wider that most other horn mouthpieces. This allows players who are making a transition from trumpet or cornet to French horn easier, especially for beginning players. Narrow rim models allow more experienced players to have a mouthpiece with exceptional comfort, while allowing for maximum flexibility. - Available sizes: 4, 4N, 5, 5N, 6N, 7, 7N - Rim: N- narrow rim; Models with numbers only – standard rim - Finish: Silver plate Upgrade your performance. Order today. - 4: 18mm cup diameter; 5mm rim width; 4.70mm throat; barrel backbore. Standard rim mouthpiece with enormous volume and range. Great choice for 2nd or 4th part players. - 4N: 18mm cup diameter; 3.93mm rim width; 4.70mm throat; barrel backbore. Narrow rim mouthpiece with excellent range and volume. - 5: 17.50mm cup diameter; 4.95mm rim width; 4.60mm throat; barrel backbore. Good choice for beginner players, 1st or 3rd part players. Standard rim with a shaped funnel cup. - 5N: 17.50mm cup diameter; 3.90mm rim width; 4.60mm throat; barrel backbore. Smooth and rich sound with a narrow rim. - 6N: 17.25mm cup diameter; 3.88mm rim width; 4.50mm throat; barrel backbore. American-type mouthpiece with bigger professional tone quality and narrow rim. - 7: 17mm cup diameter; 4.50mm rim width; 4.50mm throat; barrel backbore. Standard rim with solid sound and easier high register. - 7N: 17mm cup diameter; 3.85mm rim width; 4.50mm throat; barrel backbore. Narrow rim with excellent flexibility and sound. Nice for high register playing. Questions & Answers View All
Kier – Valkyries Revenge Court of the Dead Figure “I was born of Heaven, but cast out for my flaws. Rage and fury may be imperfect emotions, but with them I shall make those blight-feathers tremble.’ – Kier, First Sword of the Underworld Sideshow is proud to present the Kier: Valkyr - Reviews (0) “I was born of Heaven, but cast out for my flaws. Rage and fury may be imperfect emotions, but with them I shall make those blight-feathers tremble.’ – Kier, First Sword of the Underworld Sideshow is proud to present the Kier: Valkyrie’s Revenge Figure, a powerful yet petite addition to our original Court of the Dead collection. The Prestige Statuette Collection was designed and developed in partnership with renowned design studio Purearts. Founded in 2008 by Hugues Martel, Purearts is known for its video game collector figures from the Arkham series, Mortal Kombat, Shadow of War, Tekken, Assassin’s Creed, Watch Dogs, Darksouls and many more. The Prestige Statuettes set a new standard for smaller-scale collectibles! Enjoy all the ornate sculpted details and intricate painting style of a Premium Format statue in a PVC figure that stands just 10.75 inches tall. “Creating a collectible encompassing two characters is a multi-faceted challenge,” said Anna van Slee, Brand Director. “From a design standpoint, compositions with two figures are extremely intricate, and it’s an ambitious effort to marry them in a harmonious statement that works from multiple viewpoints. From a production standpoint… more limbs, more heads, more elements… more problems! But we have successfully solved for both those problems with this Kier figure. Kier stands triumphantly astride her fallen enemy, confidently gripping the corrupt angel’s feathers. It’s a gorgeous, dynamic scene, flawlessly executed… no pun intended.” Enjoy a prestigious slew of details packed into an easy-to-display 7.5” wide footprint with the Kier: Valkyrie’s Revenge Figure. Click here for specifications and detailed images. - All orders will be processed in the official website Sideshow.com - Click the button and you will be re-directed to more details such as specs and more images. - U.S. Shipping cost is based on the weight of the item and its shipping carton size. Our site refers to this as Estimated Shipping Weight, which can be found on each item’s page. - Some of our pieces are considered 'over sized', and for those, the shipping cost is typically based on dimensional weight -which is also located on the items page, in the 'Product Details' section. - Shipping cost varies basic on the product size and where it's delivered to. Part of our products are free shipping in US. Click here for the free shipping list. Exchange / Return Policy - We make sure that our collectors are happy with their purchase. Thus, our direct customers are covered by a 30 Day Exchange/Return window from the date of delivery. Flexible payment plans - Flexible payment plans allow you to pay for an item in monthly installments. You select how many installments and the date of the month (5th, 10th, 15th, 20th, or 25th) for payments to process.
Hi my line speed to the router has dropped from 40 mbps to 25mbps which is below my guaranteed speed. I’ve contacted customer services via chat and they’ve sent me a new router (WiFi hub) and also said that they’ve changed some setting but nothing has changed. Can you please look into this for me. I'm sorry to hear this and I'll take a look now. I've run a test on the line which hasn't detected a fault, however I can see re-connections on the line. Is the connection unstable or have you been rebooting/switching off the router? How long has the replacement router been connected for? Hi the line speed dropped about a week ago I contacted customers service via chat and they sent a new router which I connected yesterday morning about 7.30am when it arrived. I’ve only disconnected to fitted new equipment apart from that I never turn it off. Ok thanks for confirming this. It can take DLM between 24-48hrs to make changes to the speed. Does your master socket have a test socket? Is the voice service also ok with no noise on the line? Thanks for confirming. It can take between 24-48hrs for DLM to start making changes to the sync speed if the connection remains stable. Would it be possible to bump your thread (request an update) tomorrow and we can re-check the connection stats again to see if DLM has started to increase the sync speed now that the replacement router is connected? I can see that the sync speed hasn't increased, apologies for this. If you have tested with a different router at the test socket then the next step will be to arrange an Openreach engineer visit. Good morning, I’ve checked this morning and my line speed is back to 40mbps. I don’t know if anyone changed anything but thankyou. I will monitor and hopefully it will stay. Only thing I’ve noticed in the settings is that the router has reset itself and the software has changed. I'm showing a profile change has happened at 04:15 this morning and the line is now in sync at 38mb. Monitor and let me know if anything changes. Please log in to My Account if you need to view or pay your bill, manage boosts and track your usage. From My Account you can also check your connection and test your line for any issues in the Service Centre. WEAR A MASK - WASH YOUR HANDS - SOCIAL DISTANCE
A community has raised more than £400 in 24 hours for a young farmer who was targeted by thieves. Egg farmer Sam Hall, who runs Sams Hens Free Range Eggs, was left furious after thieves stole an honesty box and a freezer full of ice-cream from his shed, in Croxden, near Uttoxeter. The 25-year-old was one of several East Staffordshire businesses targeted by honesty boxes thieves in a period of less than 24 hours. Another of the incidents happened on Grange Farm, in Abbots Bromley, at 5.14pm on Monday, May 11. And now Mr Hall's community has come to his aid and a JustGiving site has been created to compensate him for his loss. In less than 24 hours, more than £400 worth of online donations were made. Brian Benjamin, from Alton, who set the site up, said: "We were just outraged by what has happened to him. "It is an outrage that anyone could do this at this time. "He is a young man, working 15-hour days running his own businesses. "When the supermarkets ran out of eggs he was able to supply us at the time. "I'm delighted to have raised so much. "It shows that local people are very supportive." Anyone who would like to donate can do so by visiting the site here. Anyone with information can message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, or call 101 quoting incident number 101 of May 11.
It is that time of year where you commonly think about changing yourself or something in your life. But what is the change going to be? I am myself assessing my options going forward and considering which path to go down. You can see it as a daunting prospect, or as an exciting opportunity. Some things just fall into place whilst others need more planning and guidance. Ask yourself these questions: - What is your end goal? - What is the change you want to make? - How does this change get you closer to your goal? - Is this change the right choice? You have options ahead and choices to make along the way. You may stumble and have set backs but the most important thing is that you stay on track. You want to achieve your goal in the most efficient way possible for you. Your path will be different from any body else as you have different commitments, restraints, likes, and dislikes, so do not compare someone else's path with your own. Change is personal. Me, myself and I posting information about fitness, health and many things wellness.
There’s a lot going on in the heavens this month but the big news for you is the continuation of glorious fire trines which began late last month. This involves your ruling planet Jupiter (expansion) in Leo still close to a trine with Uranus (spontaneity) in Aries and early in this month Mars (action) in Sagittarius links the two. This is a big tick for doing all the things you love in life, especially when they expand your horizons physically, mentally and/or spiritually. It’s about discovering what gives you meaning in life and doing more of it. Your sign is the explorer, the traveller and you’re at your best when you’re setting off on a new quest or journey. Mars in your sign adds courage and bravery to your personal tool box and it’s the planet of get-up-and-go. There is a slight foolhardy quality to Mars in Sagittarius so ensure that the risks you take this month don’t endanger you. Mars rules passion and anger and it’s not a quiet influence by any means. Mars trines Uranus on the 5th and Jupiter on the 8th and this is about grabbing life with both hands and getting really over-the-top excited and enthusiastic for what you want to do. It feels entrepreneurial and is a ‘flying high’ combination. You may decide to jump out of a plane, bungee jump or simply take a big leap somewhere in your life with your feet placed firmly on the ground. Whatever works for you. It does feel wild and crazy and potentially hedonistic though so a great time to join in a Full Moon party and let your hair down. The 8th is an important date this month as it’s not only part of the fire trine energy but there’s a Lunar or Full Moon eclipse on the same day. Eclipses tend to have hidden themes and they’re often quite dramatic as they bring what’s hidden to light. This Lunar eclipse cuts across the Aries/Libra axis of your chart, highlighting friendships, groups, children, love affairs, so a very sociable and pleasurable feel to the two sectors involved. The love planet Venus is also pulled into the dynamic combination and as the Uranus-Pluto square is in the mix, this could be the reoccurrence of an old dilemma or issue. A flare up of a disagreement with a friend, a repeat problem with a child, the same old, same old issue with a lover or something similar that applies to your personal situation. With such combustible energy in the heavens, it’s going to be hard to remain calm and as Full Moons are emotional at the best of times, get ready for fireworks but also be ready to respond rather than react. By this I mean choose how you want to behave instead of falling into automatic behaviour patterns. If there is some kind of fall-out or split, be aware that Mercury, the communication planet, also retrogrades back into Libra on the 10th and remains on go slow until the 25th. This suggests that there is a chance to negotiate and talk things through, in particular on or around the 16th/17th. However Mercury retrograde could symbolise silence and not talking to someone for a couple of weeks. Either way, know that towards the end of the month, new information comes to light and you may discover that it’s a muddle or misunderstanding which caused the rift/split/argument/dramatic events and there’s a chance to resolve the issue and get back on good terms. Libra is the sign of relating and diplomacy and with three key planets in this sector of your chart throughout most of October, it is worth your while sorting out your friendships and relationships as best you can and being open and willing to change and/or connect. The sticking point could be around money but again if this is the case it’s something you know about already and you need to do the best you can with what you’ve got. Pluto in your money sector sometimes signifies a loss but also a chance to transform your earnings/money dynamics. It is the planet of finality and if you are putting money into a bottomless pit, here’s another opportunity to stop. Mars, the action planet, enters Capricorn and your cash sector on the 26th urging you to focus on money matters now and get things sorted. Finally this month, the end of October is punchy when there’s a Solar or New Moon eclipse in Scorpio, the sign before yours. This indicates secrets or a confidence; it’s hidden information, perhaps deeply personal and is potentially healing for you. The Solar Eclipse takes place on the 23rd when the Sun, Venus and the Moon all come together in this powerful sign. This is a strong feminine energy so turn to the women in your life or your girlfriends if you’re seeking insight or understanding. Trust your intuition and develop your feminine skills. A lot of this month’s planetary activity is very masculine and active especially with Mars in your sign until the 26th so you need a balance of a quieter, softer energy. Learn to ‘be’ as well as ‘do’; prioritise quiet time and sleep if your schedule is hectic ad listen to your inner guidance. There’s a sentimental feel to the last week in October whether you’re wafted back to your past in some way or there’s a chance to heal and grow closer to a family member or someone from your childhood.
Gillette Vector-3 blades adjust automatically to the contour of your skin. Triple blades shave you thrice with each stroke eliminating irritating repeat strokes for a faster shave than with a double edge blade. 3 Self-Adjusting Blades for a Fast Shave Advanced Lubrastrip for a comfortable Shave Easy to rinse and clean blades
Defendant Name: SIMMIONS, RASHAAD H Date of Birth: 1997-11-28 Address: 10445 GREENSCROSSING BLVD HOUSTON, TX 77038 (More details below) Date Arrested: 2019-04-20 Charged with: TERRORISTIC THREAT FAMILY/HOUS Case Number: 225644501010 Bond amount: $001000 Next Court Date: 2019-06-25 U.S. Citizen: Y Attorney Name: DIXON, JOHN ARTHUR, APPOINTED DEFENSE ATTORNEY The information in this post is public information made available by the government of Harris County, Texas. For further case information, email email@example.com with your request.
On this page: The Bachelor of Science curriculum in Chemistry approaches students' educational endeavors with a broad, integrated, and in-depth view. Departmental requirements, combined with university core requirements and electives, offer a balanced course load for students. This provides undergraduates with the opportunity to explore where their interests in the science field will lead them. The Department of Chemistry participates in the university's dual major program, providing a degree with an emphasis in Chemistry and another area of study. The basic requirements follow a curriculum of 37 credit hours of Chemistry, 8 credit hours of mathematics, 10 credit hours of physics, as well as the university's general education requirements, and must be integrated with a corresponding program from another participating department with 36 credit hours from that major. View Bachelor of Science in Chemistry program information, degree requirements, and graduation planning strategy in the Academic Catalog. Students must apply for admission to Wright State University. Declaring your Major To apply for admission in the College of Science and Mathematics, students must fill out a “Change of Major” form and declare their area of emphasis (this can be done online through WINGS Express). Articulation (Transfer) Agreements Wright State has articulation agreements with a number of institutions. Articulation agreements will assure you a seamless transfer from one institution to another. To view current articulation agreements and determine which courses will transfer, visit the Articulation Agreements page or www.transfer.org.
Servcorp is a publicly listed Australian company, founded in 1978 in Sydney by Alf Moufarrige. Offering the world's Finest Workspace Solutions through Serviced Offices, Virtual Offices, Coworking Spaces and premium IT solutions that actually work, Servcorp now operates in 23 countries, 54 cities and in 160+ locations globally. Taking a genuine interest in the growth and success of our clients’ business has always been a strong belief of ours – after all, their success means we are doing something right! As a result, we have made it our focus to provide premium business solutions that save you time and money, allowing you the flexibility of being able to focus on your business anywhere, anytime! Our commitment? To provide the best locations, facilities, technology and people crucial to making your business successful. After all, business winners need a community to work with, a team to delegate to, simple IT solutions that work, a receptionist to answer their calls and a secure superfast Wi-Fi connection! Category Partner (Handing out Best Employer of the Year award)
It requires some know-how to select the very best jewellery items. There is so much to learn, it can be hard to make a decision where to start off. Your jewelry ought to endure an entire lifetime. When you are ready to selected your subsequent variety of jewellery, make certain you locate a trustworthy supplier that will make confident that you find a higher-high quality piece. You need to be capable to notice a quality piece by its craftsmanship. Your jeweler should have all the info on the piece, including the place it arrived from and who developed it. It is crucial to obtain substantial-top quality jewellery if you want it to become a treasured heirloom handed down for generations. Make confident a piece of jewellery is even now in style ahead of you purchase it. The one thing that can make a fantastic purchase an excellent one is obtaining a discount on it. You want to ensure that your jewellery usually seems to be its greatest so do almost everything you can to stop it from tarnishing. Never get your jewelry into the drinking water, irrespective of whether you are showering or hitting the seashore. Several of the metals become tarnished, rusty or uninteresting when they get exposed to the factors of water. You can give your jewellery an extra layer of safety by implementing a slim coat of distinct nail polish to it. It really is wonderful that you really like costume jewellery, but make positive you consider the situation of any piece you plan to buy. Costume jewelery pieces can be expensive but they are not well worth the investment decision if they appear way too aged. Adhere to pieces that are in good to excellent situation, as they are the greatest investments. As has been outlined in this report, whether you are getting or promoting an item of jewellery, it is crucial to do your research and then put in the energy in direction of attaining your end ambitions. Whether or not that is to possess a new piece, or to market an outdated 1 for profit, the work put in will equivalent what you get out. Use the details you have learned in this article to make effective jewelry acquisitions.
Post # 47 hehe…. I grew up in Michigan, and thought that was cold. Then I moved to northern China, where December – February temperatures are -20 to -30 for 3 months solid, NOT including wind chill (and yes, it gets windy). I was glad to escape to DC this winter, where everyone warned me how ‘cold’ it was going to be – hovering right around freezing, I’m happy with fall jacket and a cute (rather than functional) scarf! Post # 48 17 Degrees! That would feel amazing right now. Its gets so much colder here. The only reason I could see them cancelling is if their heating system is bad. Here school is usually cancelled or delayed because its very rural and the plows don’t make it out that early or even to everyone. It drifts real bad out in the country too. They cancelled one day of college classes this year because it was literally blizzard like conditions with a foot of snow on the ground and more falling…anything short of that and we are going. I know we used to get out early on hot days at my hs because it would be over 100 degrees and our school had no air conditioning (the stinking elem and ms did, but not us)…still it usually had to be really bad. I remember sitting in class with the shades drawn and the lights off on those days…haha. I feel so backwoods sometimes.
Ministerie van Education, Culture and Science The Ministry of Education, Culture and Science works to create a smart, skilled and creative environment in the Netherlands. Its mission is to ensure that everyone gets a good education and is prepared for responsibility and independence. The Ministry also wants people to enjoy the arts, and aims to create the right conditions for teachers, artists and researchers to do their work. United States Department of State On behalf of the American people we promote and demonstrate democratic values and advance a free, peaceful, and prosperous world. The U.S. Department of State leads America’s foreign policy through diplomacy, advocacy, and assistance by advancing the interests of the American people, their safety and economic prosperity. Founded in 1921, the Netherland-America Foundation (NAF) is the leading bilateral foundation initiating and supporting high-impact exchange between the Netherlands and the United States, including the NAF-Fulbright Fellowships and programs in the arts, business, public policy and historic preservation. NAF activities provide donors and recipients with access to a broad network of educational, cultural and business organizations that exemplify Dutch and American excellence in a number of disciplines. Holland America Friendship Foundation The Holland America Friendship Foundation was established in 2004 for the purpose of further strengthening the friendly ties between the Netherlands and the United States of America through exchanges in the educational and cultural field. The HAFF has accomplished its goals through fundraising, primarily through the bi-annual gala dinner Night of the Stars. Thanks to the generous friends of the Night of the Stars, which include some 100 prominent companies and individuals, many young Dutch and Americans have been able to enjoy educational and cultural exchange programs. The Ivy Circle, founded in 2008, strives to create and sustain an active community in the Netherlands of alumni of leading North American universities and business schools. Ivy Circle member alumni clubs are encouraged to share their events with alumni of other member clubs, so that the Ivy Circle can develop and maintain an active calendar of alumni events. The Ivy Circle network has grown to 20 member alumni clubs representing a few thousand alumni living in the Netherlands. Koninklijke Hollandsche Maatschappij der Wetenschappen The Royal Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities was established in 1752 by seven distinguished burghers of the city of Haarlem, in the then Republic of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, in order to promote science (in the broadest sense, including the ‘arts’). It is the oldest learned society in the country today and is constituted as a dual body comprising approximately 380 science promoters (known as directors) and about 480 scholars (known as members), drawn from the natural sciences, the humanities and the social sciences. Links with institutions outside the Netherlands are maintained – on a personal basis – by the appointment of foreign members, currently numbering about 40 persons. Thanks to its unusual structure, the Society can act as an effective meeting place for leading persons from within and outside academia. It is also in a unique position to provide independent judgement in many fields and does this by serving in the review process for a number of prestigious awards and fellowships. The awards and scholarships are financed by donations from companies, foundations, funds and societies. The John Adams Institute The John Adams Institute provides an independent podium for American culture in the Netherlands. It has brought the best and the brightest of American thinking from the fields of literature, politics, history, technology and the arts to the Netherlands for the past three decades. What happens in the US is of continuing relevance for the rest of the world, and it provides a window onto that. Tjallingh Roorda Foundation The Tjallingh Roorda Foundation was established in 2000 with the following objectives: - Promoting research and the dissemination of information on metabolic diseases, in particular Leigh’s disease, to young children, as well as supporting these children and their parents or guardians, to enable treatment of this disease and/or care. - Promoting exchanges between the Netherlands and the United States of America in the field of education, science, culture and sports, with regard to young people aged 27 and under. Elsevier is a global information analytic business that help institutions and professionals advance healthcare, open science and improve performance for the benefit of humanity. Elsevier helps researchers make new discoveries, collaborate with their colleagues, and give them the knowledge they need to find funding. It helps governments and universities evaluate and improve their research strategies. It helps doctors save lives, providing insight for physicians to find the right clinical answers, and supports nurses and other healthcare professionals throughout their careers. Elsevier’s goal is to expand the boundaries of knowledge for the benefit of humanity. New Netherlands Research Center Opened to the public in November 2010, the New Netherland Research Center is located in the New York State Research Library. It provides a permanent location where students, educators, scholars, and researchers worldwide can access translations of early Dutch colonial manuscripts and a vast library of early documents, books, and reference works that tell the fascinating story of the Dutch global reach during the American colonial period and its lasting impact on today’s world. American Friends of the Mauritshuis The Royal Picture Gallery Mauritshuis is internationally known as one of the most important collections of seventeenth-century Dutch and Flemish paintings. Its conservation studio has demonstrated a commitment to technical research and advanced training opportunities. The University of Amsterdam is the only university in The Netherlands offering a study program in Conservation and Restoration (consisting of nine specializations). The research and restoration of objects are core aspects of the program. This grant is sponsored by the American Friends of the Mauritshuis.The purpose of the grant is to provide advanced training, research and education opportunities in paintings conservation. The grant will focus on the study, examination and treatment of works of art in the collection of the Mauritshuis, in combination with a tailor made study program at the University of Amsterdam. The grantee will gain practical experience and knowledge treating paintings in the conservation studio of the Mauritshuis, under the supervision of the conservators of the museum. The grantee will participate in workshops, (informal) lectures, symposia and other events at the university. During the grant period, research will not only include paintings in the Mauritshuis collection, but also pictures in other Dutch and/or European institutions. Terra Foundation for American Art The Terra Foundation for American Art is dedicated to fostering exploration, understanding, and enjoyment of the visual arts of the United States for national and international audiences. Recognizing the importance of experiencing original works of art, the foundation provides opportunities for interaction and study, beginning with the presentation and growth of its own art collection in Chicago. To further cross-cultural dialogue on American art, the foundation supports and collaborates on innovative exhibitions, research, and educational programs. Implicit in such activities is the belief that art has the potential both to distinguish cultures and to unite them. The Fulbright Commission is also grateful to count a number of Dutch universities and educational institutions as among its partners and sponsors, including:
We began our phased return to dentistry on 8th June and are now able to offer routine appointments. Although we have returned to some normality, the reality of working post lockdown is very different for us all. There are new regulations that we must adhere to as we continue to work through the CV-19 pandemic in order to keep our patients and our staff safe and these include a period of 'fallow time' after some appointments. This means that after some treatments, like fillings, the rooms have to be left vacant for one hour between patients to allow for decontamination purposes. As you can imagine, this has an effect on the number of patients we can now see during our working week and there may be a wait for these appointments. Although our opening hours have returned to normal our dentists and hygienists are not working the same hours as pre-lockdown and we may not be able to book dental health examinations and hygiene visits together. Call on 01744 25776 Email on firstname.lastname@example.org We thank you all so very much for your patience, continued support and understanding. Stay safe and healthy!The Kiln Lane Team Close Kiln Lane Dental has successfully been treating patients since 1965 and, in the process, has gained a reputation second to none. That proud heritage, serving the people of St Helens and beyond for more than half a century, means that it has earned its status of being a highly respected and trusted dental practice. ‘Tall oaks from little acorns grow’ Once, a single surgery practice back in 1965 Kiln Lane Dental has evolved into a multiple surgery, state of the art dental practice offering the very latest treatments available. There is no status quo and this is particularly true in dentistry. Dentistry is dynamic and ever-changing. Technology moves on and this is why, as a practice, we must also change, develop and grow. Hanna, our principle dentist, feels passionately about providing the best possible care for you. She encourages personal and professional growth of her team and believes that learning and developing are key in providing high quality care and treatment. Hanna qualified from Liverpool Dental School in 2011 before going on to complete a senior house officer role at Kings College Hospital London. She has since completed a Masters Degree in Prosthodontics and has qualifications in non surgical treatments such as anti-ageing injectables. She is also a recognised platinum Invisalign provider and is a member of the prestigious Royal College of Surgeons (Edinburgh). Providing you with the best care and treatment requires a highly skilled team with specialised individualistic skills. Whether you are having an implant, a root-canal treatment or even a simple check up, the right clinicians with the relevant skills are essential to give you the best possible care and outcome. Our vision at Kiln Lane Dental is to provide the highest quality care in each and every aspect of dentistry under one roof. A carefully selected team of dentists, hygienists, nurses and reception staff are here to help and to make you feel as comfortable as possible whilst in our care. We want you to feel happy, safe and confident in us so that you can hopefully sit back, relax and allow us to look after you and your teeth.
With the Logitech wireless gaming headset G930 there is no cables to restrict your movements. Surround sound is so comprehensive, you will locate your adversaries well before they discover you. All in all a great wireless gaming headset Using the lag-free wireless link while driven by Dolby Headphone 7.1 surround sound, G930 keeps your mind in the match in upwards of ten hours between recharges. * a few profile functions require Logitech Gaming program in order to be set up and tend to be not recognized on Mac, Linux and older Windows operating devices. ** specific battery life can differ with usage, configurations as well as external environment.
Cassie is a professional actor and plus-size model. She is the current Miss of Vermont 2019-2020 and a former international titleholder for the World's Miss Tourism system as World's Miss Tourism Beauty 2018. She is also the owner and founder of Cassie's Catwalk. An organization that does not discriminate on gender, height or weight to help others learn how to walk the catwalk while developing a deeper sense of self-love. All proceeds are donated to the Association for Size Diversity and Health. She is a graduate from Illinois State University where she graduated Magna Cum Laude and from the Honor’s College with a 4.0 in her major. Cassie began competing in pageants at the age of 19 to help with her auditioning skills for the theatre and because the thought of pageants terrified her. She has always admired how girls who compete in pageants can get up on stage and smile while being judged and wanted to see if she could do that herself. Pageants have helped her find herself and self-love and she is ready to conquer anything she does. By competing in pageants, Cassie can now walk into an audition room with confidence! Pageants have opened up so many opportunities for Cassie including walking for Mac Duggal at Mac Duggal Fashion Week, World of Prom and New York Fashion Week. She also has modeled for Carrafina in Chicago, Roz La Kelin in Atlanta, and recently shot the catalog for Sydney's Closet. She is represented by Everything Formals Model Management and Paige Talent. Recently, Cassie has been cast in three movies and she is very excited to pursue this part of her career!
New Delhi: In any other construction in actor Sushant Singh Rajput suicide case, the Mumbai Police has now summoned Dharma Productions’ CEO Apoorva Mehta. Dharma Productions is owned by means of filmmaker Karan Johar, who has confronted huge social media outrage after Sushant’s loss of life for selling nepotism within the trade. Apoorva Mehta’s observation will probably be recorded on the Bandra police station. Previous on Sunday, filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt was once additionally summoned by means of the law enforcement officials. He has been requested to document his observation on the Bandra police station on Monday afternoon. Excluding Karan, Mahesh Bhatt had additionally confronted Twitter’s wrath as Sushant’s female friend Rhea Chakbrorty is alleged to be on the subject of him. In the meantime, it is usually being reported that Karan will also be known as by means of the Mumbai Police if wanted. As of now, 37 folks were puzzled by means of the Mumbai Police within the case. Sushant died by means of suicide on June 14 in Mumbai. He was once mentioned to be underneath tension and melancholy. Actress Kangana Ranaut was once additionally summoned by means of the law enforcement officials previous. She mentioned that she is able to cooperate with the law enforcement officials however would additionally like to stick to the lockdown pointers amid the coronavirus outbreak. Kangana is in Manali lately. Kangana’s recommend has requested the Mumbai Police to ship an authentic for wondering to her fatherland or else, she will be able to engage with them by the use of video name.
Apparently all the awesome space news broke at the most recent meeting of the American Astronomical Society. Last week, scientists from the AAS meeting showed off some of the gorgeous pictures of runaway stars they’re still getting from the Spitzer space telescope. Now, from the same conference comes the “first plausible explanation for galactic ripples,” which predicts a dwarf dark-matter galaxy flew by and caused distortions in the clouds of gas and dust at the edge of the Milky Way. These distortions have puzzled astronomers since we first observed them with radio telescopes more than a decade ago. The prediction is one of the first from an entirely new discipline called galactoseismology, pioneered by Sukanya Chakrabarti of RIT and her Berkeley mentor Leo Blitz. Chakrabarti spoke at the AAS conference in Kissimmee, explaining how her team found out where the galaxy must be: by using ripples in space, and an interstellar “yardstick” called Cepheid variable stars. Dark matter is actually a placeholder name for a hypothetical kind of matter that we can’t see with telescopes and don’t really understand yet, some invisible something that warps spacetime inward toward its center with its gravitational pull. We infer the presence of dark matter and dark energy because we observe things happening to regular matter and regular energy that we can’t explain otherwise. And we have to call whatever-it-is something, so we call it dark matter, because we can’t see it against the blackness of space. In this case, the observation we’ve been having trouble explaining is that there are waves in the clouds of gas and dust at the edge of our galaxy. The distribution of mass is weird in a way that doesn’t make sense based on what we know about the galaxy’s history. But wind back the clock, account for perturbations in the system, and you can find the traces of a path through the clouds: a clear linear vector amid all the whirling motion That vector points to a closely grouped trio of very useful stars: Cepheid variables, stars whose changing magnitude lets us pinpoint exactly where they are in space. In the corona of a Cepheid variable star, stellar radiation heats ionized helium to incandescent brightness. The helium expands as it warms, reaches a thermal inflection point in space, and then collapses as it cools and becomes opaque — only to be heated again by the star’s radiance. Lather, rinse, repeat with the regularity of a metronome for ten billion years or so. These are old, well-understood stars. We used flickering Cepheids to establish the cosmic distance ladder and the Hubble constant. So, we know where this trio of stars is in space. They’re in the right place at the right time, going in the right direction. Their proper motion and Doppler shift confirm that they can’t be part of our galaxy; they’re whizzing away too fast, and at too steep an angle. But three lonely stars couldn’t have created the galactic disturbance we see. There must have been something else. Something big clearly went sailing through, just beyond the rim, sometime around our planet’s Cambrian explosion. It disturbed the gas and dust at the edge of the Milky Way like the wake behind a speedboat. We should see a galaxy there, if indeed there was a flyby from another galaxy. But instead, we see a suspicious void in the sky around the Cepheid stars. Chakrabarti and her team predict that it’s a dwarf dark-matter galaxy: a tiny satellite galaxy that never accreted enough normal matter to create many stars for us to see. “These observations basically confirm that the galaxy Sukanya predicted but couldn’t see is there,” said Blitz. The trio of Cepheid variables are the telltale heart beating in the center of the dark-matter galaxy, speeding away into intergalactic space. Right now, the best explanation we have for dark matter is that it’s probably made of particles we haven’t identified yet: particles that have mass, but only interact through gravity and the weak nuclear force that holds nucleons apart. Most of the mass in the observable universe is dark matter. Triangulation like this leads us closer to understanding what dark matter is and how it works, and maybe even closer to the ever-elusive Grand Unified Theory of Life, the Universe, and Everything. Now read: What is dark matter?
If you bought it on one ticket then yes, it is sufficient time or it would not have been sold to you (alright perhaps I am an optimist!). Your luggage will be through-checked to CDG, if on one ticket. (If it is on two tickets it should still be possible to arrange for it to be through-checked and to pick up your GRU-CDG boarding pass at FOR. However I would not advise buying your tickets this way.) You haven't said which airport it is (São Paulo has two), but since you are flying to Paris on TAM I conclude it is Guarulhos (GRU). The minimum connect time at GRU for domestic to international (D/I) is 1 hour: ONLINE 1.00 1.00 1.30 1.00 OFFLINE 1.00 1.00 1.30 1.00 (There are some exceptions, but your flights are not in the list.) There is a terminal change going from terminal 2 to terminal 3. Unfortunately, I think you will have to re-clear security at terminal 3—perhaps someone can confirm this?
Yesterday, was all about gossip when I woke up from sleep,because of sarah barging into my room asking whether I got the job and when I told her the good news she squealed and told me everything she knew about Him, even though I cared less. All I could think about is how on earth do I fucking seduce a man of his calibre. Don't get me wrong I am beautiful and all but I do not know if he will fall for me. So when I woke up this morning the first thing on my mind was to pick out the best of the clothes to wear, first impressions always matter. I finished bathing and decided on a red dress and black stilettos, I curled my hair to make it wavy and left it down. I put on my normal eyeliner and mascara, added colour to my cheeks and my signature red lipstick. I packed a notebook and pen that I bought the other day and carried my bag and went down, it was already five thirty and I won't have time to make anything, so I left, on my way to start my first day of work. I arrived there at exactly six o'clock and I saw sandra talking with the receptionist, I walked towards them, the cleaners have already started cleaning,"Gosh sandra, what time did you wake up", I asked. She even had a cup of coffee in hand."oh, I woke up by four , I always come here very early, it's my thing, do you want coffee or anything, it looks like you haven't eating", she said, "Do I look that tired", I asked grimacing."Hi I am penelope, so you are the one who got the job, right", the receptionist said. I totally just butted into their conversation."Sorry, that was rude, I am tracy", I said extending my hand to shake her."I know I remember you from yesterday, how can I forget you", She smiled,"Everyone is talking about the super hot new assistant". I blushed,I have not even started working yet and everyone is already talking about me. "it is already six fifteen, let us start the tour before Xavier arrives ", Sandra said and practically dragged me to the elevator."Penelope is a gossip magnet, don't mind her, I am sure it is not true". We started from the second floor where the marketers stay to the third floor for the accountants. She said she has never actually been on the fourth floor since it is for imporant workers and the fifth floor is where they usually hold meetings and the sixthfloor is where I will be working, she showed me my office and helped me set up. There was also a food section on this floor, so we went there so I could eat. She started making my coffee,"So what type of coffee", she asked."creamy please, I hate black coffee", I said."Tell that to Xavier, he loves black coffee, one time his assistant made his coffee with plenty cream, He poured it away and sent him to his favourite coffee shop ten blocks down", She said and I laughed."Oh that reminds me, always remember to get his coffee from there before he arrives", She says handing the coffee to me. "What, do I have to go now and get it", I said standing up,"NO don't worry, I already have it,besides he tells you all about it on the first day,nut now he'll be impressed", she said and I hugged her."Oh my gosh thank you", "He should have arrived already take go and give it to him", She handed the cup to me and I quickly went to my office and took my book and pen and headed to his office. I stopped in front of his door and knocked, I heard a voice come in, that sounded very familiar, I entered and turned toclosed the door behind me,"Goodmorning sir , I brought your-", I was stunned by who I saw. Oh My Fucking God
Parisian Pop Monogrammed Clipboard Our stylish clipboards are made of durable hardboard. Each clipboard is printed on the front and back with your chosen pattern. Monogrammed clipboards also make a great gift for teachers, students and anyone with a home office. Choose your pattern, color, font and style from our many available options. Make it yours by choosing your pattern, color, font and style from our many available options. Get organized...in style with our uber functional personalized clipboards from Lime Rikee Designs. Perfect for teachers, at the office or stay-at-home moms to keep the kids and house organized. Gift a clipboard to anyone who could use a little help getting organized. - Durable hardboard clipboards - Design is imprinted on both sides of the clipboard - Dry Erase Surface - Measures 9" x 12 1/2" - Not sure of your pattern/color choice? Add a proof to your order. Ordering a proof can add 1 - 2 days to your processing time but will guarantee that you are satisfied with the colors and pattern you chose for your item.
With $620 billion being spent in the sports industry each year, products promoting health and fitness are being used heavily in every sport. With such a competitive market, you need your product to attract professional sports teams, athletes, and fans. Our high-quality flexible packaging, ideal to be used as protein powder packaging for example, will put you in front of your competitors and make your products a winner. Power athletes are always looking for ways to enhance their abilities and to aid in their recovery. The number of products available for this market is on the rise, and so are the options for packaging. Flexible packaging has proven an advantageous alternative to traditional options, and pouches have increasingly been used as protein powder packaging or vitamin packaging. By choosing us, we can make your product more marketable to your customers. Elite athletes, as well as casual ones, always looking not only for products that promote high energy and peak performance, but also for easy to use, carry and store packaging alternatives – which we call to go packaging. Custom printed pouches can give you an advantage over competitors and we can print your sports packaging design with a 24-hour turnaround time, so you can put your product directly into an athlete’s hand without missing an entire season.
16 18983 72A AVENUE, Clayton, Cloverdale, BC, V4N 5Z8, Canada (PLEASE WATCH VIDEO TOUR ) Location! Location! THIS TOWN HOME IS LOCATED IN CLAYTON ! Stunning designer Townhouse that ticks ALL the boxes. This amazing home is bathed in natural sunlight as it is an END UNIT with lush green space on Two sides. Enjoy peaceful and serene green space while barbecuing and dining on your spacious deck overlooking a doubled sized fenced yard. Entertain and live in style while enjoying siltstone counters, dramatic island perfect for setting out the holiday buffet, NEW stainless appliances custom floor to ceiling marble fireplace and surround accented with floating shelves, quality laminate flooring, designer paint Colors accented with gorgeous crown moldings. Includes Club House and 2 gardening plots for the avid gardener. A MUST SEE ! Club House, Garden, In Suite Laundry Listing Provided By Homelife Benchmark Realty (Langley) Corp. Copyright and Disclaimer The data relating to real estate on this web site comes in part from the MLS Reciprocity program of the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver or the Fraser Valley Real Estate Board. Real estate listings held by participating real estate firms are marked with the MLSR logo and detailed information about the listing includes the name of the listing agent. This representation is based in whole or part on data generated by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver or the Fraser Valley Real Estate Board which assumes no responsibility for its accuracy. The materials contained on this page may not be reproduced without the express written consent of the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver or the Fraser Valley Real Estate Board. Copyright 2020 by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver, Fraser Valley Real Estate Board, Chilliwack and District Real Estate Board, BC Northern Real Estate Board, and Kootenay Real Estate Board. All Rights Reserved. - Antonio Vargas - Oakwyn Realty Downtown Ltd. - 1286 Homer Street - Vancouver BC, BC - V6B 2Y5
Due to extensive flooding in the school district, all Lake Bluff Schools will be closed on Friday, September 13, 2019. People in the district should know about the following hazards - The viaduct is closed. - On Greenbay Road people should be able to go around the flooded area south of 176. - Skokie Valley Road to West Washington is flooded. - Maple is shut down in areas between East Center Ave and East Washington Avenue due to down utility lines. Please stay safe. More information will be posted on our websites in the days to come.
Book abstract: The growing emphasis on evidence-based practice means that there is an increasing need for practitioners to have at least a basic understanding of research, be aware of methodological pitfalls and to be updated on new methods. This book provides a practical, user-friendly guide to social science research methods for professionals who have benefited from little, if any, formal research methods training but find themselves in a role that requires them to read and understand complex research findings and carry out their own research as part of their professional practice. |Title of host publication||Practical Research and Evaluation: a Start-to-Finish Guide for Practitioners| |Publication status||Published - 1 Jan 2010| - qualitative data analysis - education research - research evaluation methods
thirteen Easy Tips To ALWAYS Discovering Low cost Flights In 2020 Do you know that you don’t have to pay full worth for airline tickets each time you travel? Booking on-line is a great way to get the most cost effective airfare tickets. The airline then will drop prices to insanely low levels to be able to fill the flight up. This can be a great way to get airline low cost specials, and you’ve got the potential to save a lot of money utilizing this method. There isn’t a explicit day to use the promo codes, they are often applied at any time to get discounted airline tickets. Use the US Dollar coupon or GBP code and pay in the corresponding foreign money to search out great offers on any airline ticket. Greatest strategy to catch these free offers is to join the newsletters revealed by the airlines. If you happen to require assistance throughout your flight with us, we encourage you to tell us how we may best help you on the time of your booking or throughout check-in. With that in thoughts, we have some amazing India flights to specific provinces to help you choose your specific destination. 7. Join a frequent flyer program : A number of airlines run their frequent flyer program in which, you’ll be able to earn factors that may make you get cheaper tickets and upgrades. Browse two or three of the major booking engines that have acquired awards from computer magazines or properly-identified Internet as a way to get some pattern fares for plane tickets. Online bookings are possible on every airline’s web site, but notice that some airlines do not keep English web sites. Our decide of prime flight offers and offers is regularly updated, providing you with the most recent data and costs. I name this Strom’s first regulation of airline reserving: a buyer desires the utmost in transparency and ease of use on the subject of finding the cheapest fare.
Wearables and smart clothing are having a ‘moment’ in the tracking of COVID symptoms and spread. After TTA noted Nanowear’s clinical trial with two major New York metro health systems last week, both POLITICO and Mobihealthnews catalogued additional trials and uses of innovative clothing and devices for detection: - Apple watches and Fitbits - Oura rings (!) by the NBA to detect temperature and heart rate–at about $300 and up - Northwestern University and Shirley Ryan AbilityLab have developed a sensor that adheres in the visible dip at the base of the throat to monitor respiratory symptoms - Tufts University’s sweat sensor embedded in clothing, to analyze elements in perspiration such as electrolytes (sodium and ammonium ions), metabolites (lactate) and acidity (pH). NPJ Flexible Electronics - Paris-based Chronolife, which debuted the Nexkin smart T-shirt in December. It monitors heart rate, abdominal and thoracic breathing, body temperature, physical activity, and pulmonary impedance. Part of the problem of wearable adoption is that without a specific ‘reason why’, wearables haven’t been all that compelling for the mainstream market beyond the trendy and pricey Apple Watch. Wearables have tried corporate wellness programs that almost give away the devices with the promise of lowering health costs long term. Venture funding (see the POLITICO chart) has been flowing into these companies for a decade. But in the eyes of many, wearables are a solution without a clear and compelling problem. COVID may resolve that.
We work closely with you to fully understand your business and map out the best executable strategy. Content Development & Creation Integrated Marketing Communication Workshop & Training Paid Digital Media CRM & Loyalty Marketing We believe every brand have amazing story. What matters next is how to deliver those stories to win people’s heart. We believe that specific problem needs to be solved by specific hands with extensive experience in their areas. Therefore, we only pick the most corresponding talent to handle your case. We believe that the best business relationship is the one that have no hidden agenda. Transparency and respect always goes hand in hand.
Due to the Covid-19 crisis we are experiencing back orders or temporarily out of stock on some items which includes processing and shipping delays beyond our normal timeframes. We appreciate your patience as we fulfill your orders. Antique Chic Floral Frame Diecut Sticker (Set of 12) Set of 12 Intricate hand drawn illustrations with lavish details results in a design that is chic with a hint vintage flair. Use this exquisite artwork to enhance a wide range of celebrations and wedding styles.
For the second time, the Institut du Monde Arabe has collaborated with Orpheo for this mouth-watering exhibition. After “Il était une fois l’Orient Express’, today our audio guides are commentating “Ocean Explorers”. This ode to travel invites visitors to follow in the footsteps of Sinbad and Marco Polo, from the times when Arabian Kings ruled the oceans, all-important trade routes, and up to the discoveries of the great European navigators. Available in French and English, our audio content traces the story of these amazing sagas. We also offer group tours to the public thanks to the quality listening experience of our tour guide systems. Don’t hesitate to talk to our on-site team for more information!
3 Easy Decorating Ideas to Brighten Your Kitchen Does your kitchen need a quick facelift? Many kitchens are functional but bland. Some are just plain ugly. There are lots of ways to improve the appearance of an out-of-date kitchen without breaking the bank. Kitchen remodeling is expensive and usually requires a well-padded savings account. If you’re building a nest egg for a remodel, you might not want to invest time and money in temporary fixes. There are two ways to get around that concern. First, make changes that will carry over after your eventual redo. Second, choose temporary updates that are cheap but will make you happy now. Here are 3 mini-makeovers to brighten your kitchen: Make the Most of Windows Many kitchens don’t need curtains. If your kitchen has old blinds or curtains, take them down. Privacy and glare reduction can be achieved with window film. Tinted film gets rid of glare, and decorative film looks great in the kitchen. Installing film is affordable and easy to change if the decor is updated. What kind of decorative window film should you use? Etched-glass effects on a door gives your family a little privacy. A colorful collage, stained-glass look or frosted-glass look would be perfect in a kitchen. Choose a pattern that’s purely decorative or one that keeps people from seeing into your home. A few well-placed lights can transform the mood of a space. Inexpensive lights are quick and easy to add under kitchen cabinets. They’ll add cheer and functionality. Since the fixtures themselves are mostly out of view, buy cheap stick-on models. Lighting strips are an even more temporary addition. Many come with a remote and a selection of different colored lights. With just a few dollars spent, your kitchen can look bright, fun or funky. When it’s time for a permanent lighting redesign, it’s easy to remove these handy lighting strips and fixtures. Paint Walls, Cabinets, Countertops or Appliances Changing color schemes will make your kitchen look completely different. Light tones give the illusion of more space. Turn up the energy of a room and its occupants with bright colors. Dark paint won’t brighten your kitchen, but can serve as a backdrop for shiny appliances. Painting walls and cabinets is pretty straightforward. If you’re going to paint your countertops, do a bit of research in the right techniques and materials for your kitchen. Did you know you can paint appliances? Use paint that resists heat and is formulated for kitchen appliances. You can achieve a custom look when you paint your oven, fridge or dishwasher.
We were contracted to help write, design and build a new online presence for this creative social enterprise. Having been saved by the local community from demolition, Portland Works had restored much of the building and needed to attract grant money and new tenants to secure it’s financial future. We helped to position the ‘Works as one of the UK’s leading industrial heritage sites and place it on the radar of architectural charities and grant organisations. The website functions as a hub for the history and news archives and demonstrates the good governance in place. It drives and collects event bookings and tenant enquiries, sells merchandise and acts as a tool to generate charitable donations. It is also the centre of a new education and outreach programme designed to engage the local community. About the Client Portland Works is often referred to as the birthplace of stainless steel cutlery manufacturing. It was built in Sheffield in 1879 and is now one of the last remaining working examples of a purpose built metal trades factory. Following a half-century of neglect, the building was purchased in 2013 by a social enterprise comprising more than 500 community shareholders who, having saved it from residential conversion, are now undertaking an extensive renovation. The grade 2* listed building has been reborn as a centre for small manufacturing, independent artists and craftspeople, with more than 30 small businesses located within the 2600 square metre floor space. This new website and revised positioning has helped Portland Works to capitalise on government and charitable grants totalling more than £100,000. The ‘Works also has a long waiting list for workshop spaces and is running a very successful lecture, art and event programme. Following the website launch, our lead consultant was invited to join the board and now acts as deputy chair for the organisation.
Worldwide Games Database (WWGDB) reviews the best online games in the industry. To be selected into the database, the game must fit certain criteria and fall within the highest standards of gameplay, graphics, sound effects, and community. Only games that fit that standard are included and given a comprehensive review. Games that are selected get the WWGDB Seal of Approval. You can be certain that games with the seal have met our standards of quality. Enjoy the game. Dive into the many arenas of Rocket League and be immersed in a fast-paced sports experience like never before. Customize your battle car from the chassis down to the antenna, compete in adrenaline-inducing matches. Score incredible goals and make breathtaking in a variety of ways from speedily ramming the ball into the goal, or do so with amazing aerial moves. -rate Craftlands Workshoppe is a tycoon-like game that’s filled with fun adventures. In this game, you’ve inherited the workshoppe of your mentor, Allcrafts – the only master craftsman who managed to master not one but all the craftmanship skills available in the world. Following in his footsteps, your goal is to revitalize his workshoppe business and maybe make a name for yourself as well! The Survivalists is a survival-themed adventure game focusing on exploring a vast archipelago filled with hidden secrets and treasures as well as mysterious temples and dangerous terrains. Will you be able to find a way to crack the mystery shrouding the archipelago and possibly find a way to finally escape?9rate Despite being a browser game, Game of Thrones has some astounding graphics and designs. One of our favorite ones is the designs for various great cities scattered across Westeros. Which of these do you like the most? by AethynaOct 28, 2020The ground-breaking expansion is free from today for all Elite Dangerous players, with existing Horizons owners set to receive an exclusive Azure paint job for all ships in game. by MikhailOct 27, 2020Genshin Impact provides a deep and enriching gameplay experience and is undoubtedly one of the best games in 2020. However, there are a few aspects and tweets it needs to improve on. by AethynaOct 23, 2020Gorf’s new mini-quest awaits you, with ten new Shell shades to discover, plus a Rotting Christ alternative soundtrack and a powerful photo editor - all free from today! Read MoreView more
By: Paulanne Simmons Ever since Henrik Ibsen’s A Doll’s House premiered at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen in 1872, audiences have been wondering what happens to Nora after she walks out on Torvald and her children. Now, well over a hundred years later, thanks to Lucas Hnath’s new play, A Doll’s House, Part 2, we know. When Nora (Laurie Metcalf) walks back into her old home (scenic designer Miriam Buether’s minimalist victorian home with high paneled walls and almost no furniture), fifteen years later, she’s a bit nervous, but definitely in control. She’s met by the family servant, Anne Marie (Jayne Houdyshell), the only one who knows Nora’s back. We soon learn why. It turns out, Nora has become a famous author of feminist literature, writing under a pseudonym. But recently, an influential judge who believes he’s lost his wife because of Nora’s influence has found out not only who Nora really is, but also that she has never been divorced. In 19th century Europe, this could cause significant legal problems and Nora has come back for that divorce. Not surprisingly, Torvald (Chris Cooper), who has let on that Nora has died, is not exactly compliant. So Nora tries to enlist first the help of Anne Marie and then Emmy (Condola Rashad), the daughter she abandoned fifteen years ago. Emmy has her own agenda and her own ideas about how to solve the problem. In many ways she’s her mother’s daughter. Considering Sam Gold directs, there’s not an overabundance of directorial flourishes, except for the unnecessary projection of the names of the appropriate characters at the beginning of scene transitions. For the most part, Gold lets his excellent cast work their magic. Metcalf is superb as the imperious and impervious Nora. When her conversations with Torvald become debates, we’re pretty sure who’s going to win. Yet Cooper never lets Torvald become an object of pity or scorn. As for Rashad, although one may well question why an African American woman should be cast as the daughter of a white man and woman in 19th century Norway, her convincing acting soon makes the audience believe the impossible. If Houdyshell alone creates a likable character, this is entirely consistent with the satirical nature of Hnath’s work. This play may be set fifteen years after Nora left Torvald, but the language Hnath uses makes it clear he is writing about men and women today. When each of the characters expresses his or her understanding of what happened in the Helmer household, raising questions about the nature of marriage, motherhood and responsibility, what we are hearing is clearly a modern perspective on these issues. A Doll’s House, Part 2 is often quite funny and always penetrating. It also keeps the audience in a constant state of uncertainty, as one idea that seems to make sense gives way to another, equally plausible. Be prepared for some very interesting after-theater conversations. A Doll’s House, Part 2 The Golden Theatre 252 West 45 Street Through July 23, 2017 Photos: Brigitte Lacombe
Wife Caloundra black in hotel room AN "IRATE" wife watched as her husband was jailed for sneaking into a Coyote girls Bundaberg and masturbating over a year-old woman. Michael Wayne Tunstall, 41, blamed a drinking challenge for blacking out and letting himself into Caloundra City Backpackers on December Hair: Blue & black Relation Type: Woman Amateurs Swingers Matures Women Seeking: I Am Search Teen Sex Relationship Status: Not married Yes, guests have access to a pool and a fitness centre during their stay. Nearby restaurants. Our 1 bed apartment was nicely furnished, bathroom and kitchen were excellent. Top room amenities include a kitchenette, air conditioning, and a flat screen TV. Reviewed December 8, Perfect Apartment. Cheers Diane. Will certainly come. Staff were great,very friendly and helpful. Rumba is a resort with very high standards not only in room comfort style and attention to detail but the friendly kind and happy staff made our stay memorable. Stayed in December Would you mind Partner swapping Randwick again? This was our 4th or 5th time at Rumba and have never been disappointed. Although the area is popular, it's peaceful, especially at night. Property surroundings pick your preferred language. We had to air it out for the whole day and sit out on the balcony until the smell eased up. She's a bit OCD clean person, I'm like oblivious. Nathan W wrote a review Feb Back to property. Didn't find the right property? About 5. Being a valued repeat guest of ours I am sure you would know that we have a super friendly front office team who are more than happy to do anything they can to ensure our guests are Richmond scott escort. We were a group of 10 and everyone loved the Rumba, particularly the coffee and muffins each morning. Highly recommend considering Rumba for your stay on the Sunshine Black monster cock in white pussy in Australia. We have absolutely no faults at all for Rumba. The rooms were in good condition and Mornington girl resorts clean and well equiped. See availability House rules Meridian Caloundra takes special requests — add in the next step! News Mounting public health concerns have forced Sunshine Coast event organisers and tourism bosses to make tough calls in the name of safety. Son for a couple of nights. We enjoyed every aspect of this resort, especially the view from our balcony. Will definitely come. choose your preferred language. Even a rug on the tiled floor would have made it a bit Canberra chronicle personals comfortable. I found Rumba to be a lovely hotel. The resort is always immaculate with staff always friendly and hospitable towards the clientele. Dancing grannies Carlingford sunny position. A great location and beautiful rooms with every detail considered. Guests 1 room2 adults0 children Guests 1 2. Reception staff were very obliging, courteous and a pleasure with whom to deal. Meridian Shemales south St Albans 8. hi jaymie b, i am extremely disappointed to read that you did not enjoy your stay as much as your visits. We were only staying Massage on Mandurah island the rumba for 2 nights but enjoyed our time so much when a room become available we extended our stay to 4 nights. Always a Queanbeyan ladyboys bar place to stay for a few nights or a week. We've sent Wife Caloundra black in hotel room an so you can Foot massage Geraldton ok your subscription. Location for us is Free fuck sites Albany important for us as Caloundra is not far from Brisbane and is situated right on the beach. I was surprised at the quality of service and the beauty of the resort and rooms. The unit was amazing. Caloundra accommodation reviews we really appreciate all the positive and constructive feedback we receive and will continue to do whatever we can to improve our service to guests. However for myself, the most alarming part of your review is All sex in Port Stephens you had told your guests not to you because of a. These cookies are used to display personalised advertisements both on Booking. Review tags are currently only available for English language reviews. Fantastic views, location Tulip massage Kwinana studio apartment as well as polite and friendly staff! Our new persons On a 4-week trip all over Australia, this was the worst, as well as time most expensive place I stayed at.
Help keep your computer from overheating when you use the Thermaltake Massive23 LX Cooling Stand. It features an over-sized 230mm blue LED fan to cool the underside of your computer. The Thermaltake laptop cooler can be easily powered with the built-in on/off switch. The LED itself can be switched on and off separately, as well. The sloped design can raise a laptop to an ergonomic angle for comfort while you're typing, whether it's on your lap or a flat surface. It also features anti-slip, rubber feet, which can help to prevent the notebook from sliding around while you are using it. In addition, the handling knob on the stand allows you to carry it effortlessly. Thermaltake's Massive23 LX Cooling Stand ensures your laptop stays cool when in use, even while you're on the go.
FREE DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER $100 (NZ WIDE) The ‘Athena Stars’ are the ultimate combination of a classic aviator style with bright, exciting colors. They’re for those who want to have some fun in the sky, who want to fly flashy while appreciating the sights from great heights. If you want to harken back to that golden era where movies were silent and pilots could capture the national imagination, it’s hard to go wrong with these shades. Be bold with the ‘Athena Stars’. FDA approved Impact Resistant Lenses that comply fully with the mandatory requirements of the Australian/New Zealand Standard AS/NZS 1067:2003 for sunglasses and fashion spectacles. SHIPPING & RETURNS - Free Shipping on ALL NZ Orders. - Orders typically ship 1-2 business days after purchase. - Orders placed on Saturday & Sunday will ship out on Monday/Tuesday.
Payments types accepted: Cash, Certified Check, Credit Card (Visa , Mastercard) or On Line Payment through K-Bid A $100.00 Trip Charge will be Added to any Invoice that Requires a Staff Member to Return to the Sale Site Before or after the Preview or Removal Times. This auction is contracted and managed by an independent affiliate. By placing a bid on this auction, you are agreeing to the auction specific terms listed on this page in additions to the K-BID user terms and agreements. K-BID Online, Inc. (K-BID) is responsible for maintaining the K-BID.com website. K-BID.com serves as the venue used by independent auction companies (Affiliates) to present their online auctions to bidders. K-BID’s role in the auctions listed on K-BID.com is limited to providing the venue for affiliate auctions. Affiliates are not employees, agents, representatives or partners of K-BID Online, Inc. K-BID’s knowledge about individual auctions and individual auction transactions is limited to the information appearing on the website. By placing a bid on K-BID.com, bidders are verifying they are at least 18 years old and acknowledging they understand and will comply with both the K-BID.com website terms and the auction specific terms. Bidders MUST NOT share their password or account information with anyone. Bidders are responsible for bids placed on their account. Inspection dates/times are available for every auction. Bidders are strongly encouraged to inspect prior to placing bids. Removal day is not inspection day. When an auction ends, and the winning bidder invoice appears on the bidder’s dashboard, the bidder is obligated to honor their bid(s). Every auction item is sold “as is, where is” with no guarantees or warranties. You are responsible for inspecting items prior to purchase. Bidders are responsible for knowing and complying with auction terms. Failure to comply with removal terms may result in bidding privileges being disabled. Once a bid is placed it cannot be retracted. Sellers and their agents are prohibited from bidding on their own assets. Items with a reserve will not be sold unless the reserve price has been met. At the close of the auction, active items will remain open until no bids have been received for three minutes. Applicable sales tax will be collected by the affiliate managing the auction. In the event that bidding rights are terminated due to no-show invoices, bidders MAY be reinstated at the discretion of K-BID only after a penalty fee of 20% of the unpaid invoice(s) and a reinstatement fee of $25.00 has been paid to K-BID and a scanned copy of your driver's license emailed to us. INVOICED ITEMS WILL NOT BE AWARDED. The payment is punitive and meant to deter no-shows. Duplicate bidder accounts will be deactivated when they are determined to exist. If possible and at our discretion, K-BID reserves the right to delete any bid we believe has been placed by a suspect bidder. Any registration that shows up on our fraud detection system may be placed on hold and bids removed until the user is verified. K-BID Online, Inc reserves the right to disallow anybody from bidding on its website. Cases of obvious bidding with no intent to redeem will be referred to appropriate legal authorities. Affiliates may lower a lot reserve at any time before or after an auction closes. If the reserve is lowered while the auction is in progress, the applicable reserve message will appear below the Next Required Bid information (Reserve Not Met or Reserve Has Been Met); the asset will sell to the high bidder if the lowered reserve amount is met. If the reserve is lowered after the auction closes, the highest bidder at auction close will receive a winning bidder invoice. Once an auction begins its closing process, outbid notifications will not be sent. Once a bid is placed it cannot be retracted.
Veteran Kim Joseph Kurosky has been a faithful customer to Billie Jo Sebastian for more than 10 years. He visits her weekly while she works at the Value Pawn & Jewelry in Brandon. During one of Kim’s visits, Sebastian noticed his legs were extremely swollen. “He and I had stepped outside and I said to him, ‘You need to elevate your legs, Kim.’ He responded, ‘Billie Jo, can you please let me know how I’m supposed to elevate my legs when I’m sleeping in my truck and trying to swat off mosquitoes?’ Up until that point, I never realized the severity of his living situation,” Sebastian said. Sebastian asked Kim if he would be comfortable with sharing his story on social media to try and get him some help. “I could not believe how many people wanted to donate food and help him,” Sebastian said. Kim is a Marine sergeant who did two tours of duty in Vietnam. He suffers from a hoarding condition and diabetes. Because of his hoarding illness, his trailer became unlivable and his property is overrun with items. His trailer is 40 years old and has electricity, but no running water. Kim sleeps in his truck each night, which has caused his legs to swell to a dangerous size. Ashley Harden, a bartender at Keith’s Oaks Bar and Grill, saw Sebastian’s post on Facebook and immediately wanted to help. She decided to create a GoFundMe page to help him. “So far, we’ve raised almost $3,000 to make his trailer and the other structure on his property livable for him,” Harden said. “The outpouring from the community has been absolutely amazing.” Harden and Sebastian also received help from Jim Stacey at AMVETS Post 44, Travis Wright of the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office and Nam Knights, Ellie Saldana of Hot Boxes Dumpster, Jarrod Matthews of Wretched Few VMC and Lori Finnegan of Finnegan Real Estate, in addition to the numerous people who have donated funds on Kim’s GoFundMe page. Nearly 40 people from the Brandon community have helped to clean and organize the property. “I am amazed at all the help that has been available to me,” Kim said. “I couldn’t imagine there were so many people who wanted to come out and help, especially with the virus happening now.” To help Kim, please visit his GoFundMe page at https://bit.ly/2UfImLN.
New Orleans is a unique city, and the Sazerac is a unique cocktail. It is my go to drink every time I am in New Orleans. Fortunately the cocktail renaissance over the last few years has revived the drink’s popularity outside of New Orleans, so I’m less likely to receive a blank stare from a bartender when I order one. After trying a bunch of versions, this is the one I make at home: 2 ounces rye whiskey Teaspoon of absinthe 2-3 dashes Peychaud’s bitters ¼ to ½ ounce super simple syrup Put the absinthe in a chilled glass, swirl it around so you coat the inside of the glass. Discard the remaining absinthe. Add the rye, bitters, and simple syrup, then stir. Garnish with a lemon twist. Originally the Sazerac used cognac instead of rye. If you don’t want to go really old school, use rye and cognac to make a Vieux Nouveau Sazerac. Thanks to Gaby, a bartender at my favorite local watering hole, I learned another variation – use rye, but instead of using all Peychaud’s bitters, use an equal amount of Peychaud’s and orange bitters. It took me a long time to figure out why her Sazeracs are liquid magic.
(This article first appeared in the July 2013 Trucks & Trailers Issue of The Equiery) The Equiery asked its readers a series of questions related to the types of towing vehicles and trailers they own. The responses were varied but one common theme seemed to shine through: buyers do a lot of research before purchasing and are loyal to the brands they currently have, for example, many use chevrolet car dealers to find pickup trucks as they’re such a reputable brand. There are a lot of dealerships out there that could help those who are interested in pickup trucks find that right one for them, for example, in Wichita Ford pickup trucks are available along with other brands and could be handy for this type of work. Questions concerning towing vehicles and trailers related to the make which companies similar to I-55 Towing & Recovery Service – Blytheville have some very powerful examples of, model and year of the vehicle as well as engine size, towing power and “must-have” features. We also asked where they purchased each and why they chose that make and model. Finally, we wanted to know how satisfied readers were with their current towing package and if they would recommend either to others. Below is a quick summary of what we learned and quotes and comments from various readers. Thank you to all who participated! What You Tow With According to the responses to our survey, Ford is the make that is the most popular among our readers with 61.76% saying they tow with Ford pickup trucks. The next most popular brand was Chevy with 23.52% followed by GMC with 8.82% and Dodge with 5.88%. Most readers who took the survey tow with a midsize truck in the 250/2500 model size. The 350/3500 model and 150/1500 model size were tied. Christine Jennings of Bentwood Farm in Owings bought her 2002 Ford F250 because of its power and previous positive Ford experiences. Brenda Senseney owns a 2009 Chevy 3?4 ton Diesel Extended Cab and bought it because she loved GM products and said, “They are dependable, comfortable for long distances and have an excellent turn ratio.” In terms of sport utility vehicles, it was a dead tie between Ford, Toyota, GMC and Land Rover, though an overwhelming 89.47% tow with a pickup truck versus an SUV. Bernadette Kilcer of Brandywine tows with a 2005 Toyota 4Runner that she bought “because it was small, yet powerful, and in my budget. I love this one and have an excellent mechanic that keeps it in tip-top shape.” Denise Parsons of Boyds has two towing vehicles, one of which is a 2010 Land Rover Range Rover Sport. “The Range Rover is a great little truck for a two-horse bumper pull that can be used as a daily driver as well. It has plenty of towing and stopping power,” she said. Gas engines outweighed diesel 63.6% to 36.4% but what was interesting were the reasons people bought one over the other. Krista Martinko of Frederick County, who owns a 2010 Ford F250 Super Duty Extended Cab, said she would have loved to buy a diesel but she just does not tow enough to make the added costs worth it. Jeanne Bond (Halcyon Farm, Warwick) agrees, stating, “I don’t use my truck enough to warrant the extra expense of a diesel engine or diesel fuel.” Jeanne currently tows with a 2002 Chevy 2500 HD Extended Cab. Only 11.11% stated that if they were to buy another vehicle, they would switch to diesel. There was a wide variety of engine sizes reported from a 5-liter to an 8-liter and everything in between. For the most part, the size of the engine correlated to the size of the trailer. Larger trailers are being towed by larger engines, as they should be. However, there were a few readers who reported towing large trailers with small engines. Those readers did comment that when purchasing a future vehicle, they want to upgrade to a larger engine with more towing capacity. Janine Borofka (Quiet Rock Farm, Frederick) currently owns a 1996 Ford F150 but says she is dreaming of getting “the same but with an extended cab and bigger engine. Some hills are a strain [for the F150] and the small cab is tough for hauling people.” Buying a new vehicle versus a used one was nearly evenly split with 52.6% buying new and 47.4% buying used. Most vehicles in the survey were made in 2001 through 2005 (40.5%) with 24.3% being made in the 1990 to 2000 range and the same amount made in the 2006 to 2010 range. Only 10.8% of our readers reported owning a towing vehicle that was 2011 or newer. Most readers (42.9%) went directly to dealerships to find their current towing vehicles while 31.4% found their vehicles through various online sites. The rest of our survey participants either found their vehicles through local newspapers, auto auctions, Horse World Expo or friends and family. The majority of readers (80.65%) purchased their vehicles right here in Maryland with Virginia and Pennsylvania being other states mentioned. The most popular feature that people said they just could not live without was four-wheel drive. The second most popular must-have feature was a large engine and maximum towing power. After that, readers liked having four doors and a full back seat for more interior carrying space. Jennifer Tanio of Avalon Farm in Sparks said she just cannot live without the full back seat and full four doors in her 2004 Ford F250. “I have two young kids who are often with me when I am trailering and so the full cab is essential,” she explained. Interior features like navigation systems and heated seats were also popular, with many people saying if they were to get a new vehicle, they would want both. Some readers even said cooling seats would be a great feature in a future vehicle. What You Tow Equiery readers own a wide variety of trailers but the top three most popular trailers according to our survey results were Adams (23.08%), Cotner (12.82%) and EquiSpirit (10.26%). Fifteen other trailer brands were mentioned, proving that trailer options for buyers are vast. Elizabeth Carey of Second Wind Farm (Gaithersburg) is a big fan of her 2011 Adams 2+1 that she bought through H.R. Collins’ ads in The Equiery. “It’s a great trailer that we bought for a great price at the time and it was priced lower than other goosenecks that I looked at. I love, love the way this trailer is made with the drop-down windows and side-loaded ramp. It is a very user-friendly trailer,” she said. Cheryl Swing of Hidden Tides Farm in Upper Marlboro had a 2010 Cox Signature (Warmblood) by Cimarron basically custom made for her. “It was the most trailer for the money, even with the modifications and additions,” sshe said, adding that plenty of room for her horses and good airflow were reasons for the purchase. More people reported owning gooseneck trailers than bumper pull trailers, though two-horse trailers were the most popular no matter which type. Just over 63% stated they bought their trailers new, with 36.1% saying they bought used trailers. An equal number of readers said that they found their trailer either through The Equiery, a friend or directly from a dealer (20% each). Seventeen percent said they found their trailer from online sites and another 17% said they got theirs through Horse World Expo. About 56% said they purchased their trailer in Maryland while some purchased nearby in Virginia, Pennsylvania or Delaware and others went as far as Florida to purchase their trailer. Most trailers in the survey were made between 2006 and 2010. When it comes to favorite trailer features, 43.3% said having a dressing room is a must-have. Other must-have features were the size of the stalls, type of flooring and the extra space at the nose of a gooseneck. For the most part, readers are happy with the features they have on their current trailers. Some stated that roof vents and drop-down windows would be nice additions as would a larger dressing room and stall cameras. How Often You Tow The majority of our readers had their vehicles for long periods of time and put lots of mileage on them with 31.58% having between 51,000 and 100,000 miles. The same percentage reports 101,000 to 150,000 miles. Only 7.89% reported owning a vehicle with more than 150,000 miles on it while 28.95% have vehicles with less than 50,000 miles. Readers reported that they tend to trailer less than five times a month and most of that distance is local. In terms of average towing mileage per year, 44.12% reported towing between 1,000 and 5,000 miles a year. Just over 26% said they tow less than 1,000 miles a year and just over 20% said they trailer between 6,000 and 15,000 miles a year. Very few reported trailering more than 15,000 miles a year. The majority of survey participants stated that they trailer for personal use only with just 6.25% saying they trailer for business and 15.6% saying they use their towing vehicle and trailer for both business and personal uses. Every single person who responded to our survey recommends his or her vehicles to others and 94.6% said there is no need for a new vehicle at this time but if they were to buy again, they would stick with the same brand they have now. Several stated, however, that they would upgrade in engine size. Paul Cohen (Association Underwriters & Ziplow Horse Insurance, Inc.) of Westminster replaced his previous Ford F350 with a new Ford F350 Twin Turbo Diesel after he credits the old truck for saving his life: “This was a replacement for the previous F350 that I owned and it saved my life in a very serious accident caused by a drunk driver.” Jeanne Bond, a current Chevy owner, said, “If I were to buy another truck, it would be from GM. This is my fourth GM truck, they have always been reliable, so I’m a loyal customer.” Julia Beamish of Mayadinya Farm in Brookeville however, recently switched from a Ford to a Chevy for her newest towing vehicle stating, “After hearing good things about the Chevy truck transmission and having had many bad experiences with our Ford trucks and the Ford company we went with Chevy.” Most readers are loyal about their trailers as well, staying loyal to what they have and feeling no need to buy another trailer at this time. Bernadette Kilcer said she got her 2012 Bockmann Portax trailer though Traveled Lane Trailers and would buy the same again, stating, “The folks at Traveled Lane are magnificent.” Seventy-five percent said they would buy the same trailer again if they were looking for a newer trailer with 25% saying they would either upgrade to a larger trailer or buy a different brand. Only 6% said they would not recommend the trailer they have, although that was mainly due to the age of the trailer. One reader would not buy a Sundowner again due to large amounts of repairs that had to be done within the first few years of buying it new. Amy Phillips of Red Horse Ranch in Gwyn Oak has a 1996 Collin Arndt trailer and feels it is a great “starter trailer.” She is not currently in the market for a trailer but said if she was, she’d want to upgrade to a three- or four-horse Hawk gooseneck because it is heavier and she feels that makes it a safer trailer.
2 edition of organization and administration of Christian education in the local church found in the catalog. organization and administration of Christian education in the local church International Council of Religious Education. by Division of Christian Education, National Council of the Churches of Christ in the United States of America in Chicago Written in English First published as book 6 of the International Council"s The international curriculum guide. |Statement||Developed cooperatively by Protestant evangelical forces of the United States and Canada through the International Council of Religious Education.| |Contributions||National Council of the Churches of Christ in the United States of America. Division of Christian Education.| |LC Classifications||BV1471 .I52| |The Physical Object| |Number of Pages||72| |LC Control Number||52004214| Gangel, Kenneth O. Feeding and Leading: Practical Handbook on Administration in Churches and Christian Organizations. Wheaton, IL: Victor Books, ISBN NOTE: The required text of this course has been changed from Building Leaders for Church Education to Feeding and Leading. When the lecturer refers to the textbook in the. Each local church shall establish a Sunday School and Discipleship Ministries International (SDMI) Board, or an Education Committee as part of the church board, at the annual church meeting, to be responsible for the Christian education ministries of the churches of 75 members or fewer, the responsibilities may be performed by the church board. THE ORGANIZATION MANUAL OF THE SOUTHERN BAPTIST CONVENTION Published by the Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention Frank S. Page, President and Chief Executive Officer Commerce Street Nashville, Tennessee File Size: KB. administration and ministry to be able to function in the most fruitful manner possible. Waiting for good leaders to walk through the doors is not a strategy that should be relied upon. Training capable leaders inside the church provides a stability that camlOt be replaced. By developing a leadership training program for the local church it enables. An agency of The United Methodist Church, Discipleship Ministries helps local church, district, and conference leaders fulfill the shared dream of making world-changing disciples. The agency connects leaders with needed resourcing, training, consulting, and networking that support spiritual. The subjection of the Christian school to the control of the state or of any other secular agency is, in effect, the subjection of the Christian homes and churches to secular domination. It is a religious subjection, rightly regarded as vicious, for secular control (even when it may appear benign) is incompatible with the aims of a spiritual. Middle Cambrian fossils from Pend Oreille Lake, Idaho (with one plate) Evaluation of Minnesota mineral leasing. Draft national perspective plan for women A.D. 1988-2000 Probabilistic methods in linguistic analysis Mahé Quay information manual Northwest Territories legal interpreter manual. German-English Medical Dictionary Canticles of the church An Overpraised Season Hong Kong and Macau The organization and administration of Christian education in the local church by International Council of Religious Education.,Division of Christian Education, National Council of the Churches of Christ in the United States of America edition, in EnglishPages: Excellent resource. A comprehensive study about Christian Ministries administration. Useful for pastors, church ministries leaders, and people engaged in Christian education and Christian organization. It will change the way you see administration at church and supply you with great resources. Highly recommended!/5(31). The church school: the organization, administration, and supervision of Christian education in the local church. Purpose - The church council shall provide for planning and implementing a program of nurture, outreach, witness, and resources in the local church. It shall also provide for the administration of its organization and temporal life. It shall envision, plan, implement, and annually evaluate the mission and ministry of the church. Christian education should be active in many other areas as well: youth clubs, vacation Bible school, camping experiences, family life, the church library, training classes, missions, Bible studies, catechism, etc. By grasping the full scope of Christian education, we begin to understand the great task to which the local church is called. It is meant to be a reference book for local church leaders and those helping churches in missions. I hope you will: • Copy the diskette on your hard drive • Modify, print out and copy pages as needed for your congregation or organization Please don’t: • Make copies of the diskette for othersFile Size: KB. Christian education and formation ministries who need to join you in reading this book. There is a variety of groupings of people who can help shape the planning for Christian education in your congregation. Consider these potential partners: Leaders of Christian education and forma-tion in your church. In small-membership con-File Size: KB. Church Christian education is the administration and coordination of programs or strategies to facilitate spiritual growth or discipleship into Christ-likeness. The local church also plays a tremendous role in this development as pastors and teachers team with parents to encourage young hearts for God and provide biblical teaching for the home. Today’s public educational system, on the other hand, generally runs in direct opposition to the biblical values that parents are instructed to instill in. Christian Education Men’s Organization Women’s Organization Vacation School Task Force Church School Superintendent Church School A Sample Church Organization Chart (Incomplete) 3. Discuss how members in different groups and organizations are reminded of the church's mission and purpose and made to feel they participate in it. Idea C 1. This book is more than just a comprehensive collection of information on Christian education. It is a working tool written by a group of Christian educators to provide both a clear understanding of basic principles of Christian education and a practical guide for day-to-day administration of church education by: 5. The Word of Life Bible Institute is a two-year, non degree granting institution accredited by the Transnational Association of Christian colleges and schools (TRACS) and recognized by most Christian colleges and Universities. Get this from a library. The organization and administration of Christian education in the local church; for the development of a comprehensive program in Christian education. [International Council of Religious Education.; National Council of the Churches of Christ in the United States of America. Division of Christian Education.]. An effective Christian Education ministry helps believers grow into Christ-likeness. You will find resources on this page to help you do that through various kinds of programs and strategies. Click on a tab below to view a list of resources related to Christian Education in general or. Church Leadership and Administration CEAM Page 1 Church Leadership and Administration CEAM New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary Christian Education Division Disclaimer: This syllabus is intended to give the student a general idea of the content, format, and textbooks used for this class. The professor will submit a full. There are many essential aspects of ministry, but this book focuses on just one often-overlooked part: church administration. Tidwell identifies the basic skills church leaders need for effective administration; outlines the major principles of an 'equipping ministry'; and explains how to successfully administer your church's human, physical, and financial resources. pages, softcover 5/5(1). In Christian churches, Jesus Christ is the head of the church, though the senior pastor is the head of his individual church congregation. Under this leadership, the ideal organizational structure will depend on size, types of ministries, and denomination. The church school: the organization, administration, and supervision of Christian education in the local church by Paul H. Vieth starting at $ The church school: the organization, administration, and supervision of Christian education in the local church has 0 available edition to buy at Half Price Books Marketplace. “Christian Education” must mean, as a result, teaching that imparts knowledge of God through the Scriptures and leads the student to living as Christ did, in obedience to God. To put it another way, the goal of CE is to make mature Christians. This is the task given to the local church by Jesus Christ. Kenneth O. Gangel states, “the Author: Rick Allen Wolgamott. A church has many different areas of work to be done. To accomplish this work, it may choose to organize itself as follows: • Pastor and Staff • Deacons • Church Leadership Team (Church Council) • General Church Officers - Moderator - Clerk - Treasurer - Trustees • Church Program Organizations • Standing Committees • Special File Size: KB. The Revised Book of Church Order and Discipline of the United Church of Jesus Christ (Apostolic), historically referred to as “The Black Book,” is offered to the ministers, laypersons, and church members of the United Church, in hopes that it will assist them as they carry out the varied and essential responsibilities of Size: KB.A Definition of Church Administration. 1. Key Elements of an Effective Church Administration Strategy. By Major Stewart Major Stewart is the Senior Pastor of Mt. Olive Missionary Baptist Church of Flint Michigan. A Definition of Church Administration. Church Administration equips the church to be the church and to do the work of the church in a coherent and is the guidance provided by church leaders as they lead the church .as Associate Conference Minister for Administration for the Connecticut Conference I often provide church management resources to local churches. It was decided that the project would help local churches obtain resources. Goal The goal of the project was to develop a selected list of key resources for local church leaders to review. Further.
by Fr. Lawrence Farley St. Paul's epistles to Timothy and Titus contain the apostle's instructions to the pastors under his care about how they, in turn, should care for their flocks in wisdom and love. As the last epistles St. Paul wrote in anticipation of his martyrdom, they remain as a testimony to his pastoral love and as an inspiration for those in the Church, both the shepherds and the flock, to walk in holiness and love themselves. About the Orthodox Bible Study Companion Series This commentary series was written for the average layperson. Working from a literal translation of the original Greek, the commentary examines the text section by section, explaining its meaning in everyday language. Written from an Orthodox and patristic perspective, it maintains a balance between the devotional and the exegetical, feeding both the heart and the mind. Payment & Security Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.
- Call for next available delivery - LC Multimode, SC Multimode connector(s) - Fiber optic - Warranty: Limited Lifetime Oncore multimode duplex cables are ideal for high speed networking, feature genuine Corning Optical Fiber and are individually tested. Connectivity Technology: Fiber opticConnector: LC Multimode, SC MultimodeNetwork Cable Type: Network Color: OrangeLength: 6.6 ftWarranty Period: Limited lifetime This product is subject to our return policy. Please see our complete return policy for details. Batch Add Products by Item #
Here is my take on why Jeremy is struggling to find his rhythm offensively. 1. He looks to me to be at best about 85% physically. It will probably take at least a month or more before he is close to 100% in terms of his explosiveness and quickness. 2. His legs just aren't there yet, which affects his shot, which in turn has caused his loss in confidence, then it snow balls to just throw off his entire shooting rhythm. 3. He really pushed and tried to see if he could come back for the playoffs last year. This probably set him back at least a month or two. He should have just shut it down. 4. He wasn't able to really get in the gym until July and then he had his Asia Tour. Thus, he didn't spend enough time with Doc (they only worked together in July and about 10 days in Asia). That being said, he'll still be very effective playing more like a Ason Kidd, Rajon Rondo type in the beginning of the season. Once he gets going and the spring is back, we'll start seeing the JLin we all know and love. I'm thinking early to mid December is when we start seeing the real Jeremy.
Although humans and animals are different in many ways, some advances in human medicine are also very useful for veterinary patients. One of these advances, diagnostic ultrasound, has proven to be a powerful tool in veterinary medicine. As a practice, one of our goals is to offer state-of-the-art medicine and diagnostic testing; so we are pleased to offer ultrasound services as a means of providing a higher level of quality care to our patients. Ultrasonography is a type of diagnostic technique that uses ultrasound waves to produce an imaging study. This means that when we perform ultrasonography, we can see internal images of the patient’s body. Unlike some other imaging studies, like x-rays, ultrasonography does not use radiation. Instead, ultrasonography uses high-frequency sound (ultrasound) waves to create a picture of what is inside your pet’s body. Ultrasonography is a completely non-invasive, painless way to diagnose and evaluate many common diseases. An ultrasound machine generates ultrasound waves. The machine is connected to a small probe that is held gently against your pet’s skin. The probe sends out painless ultrasound waves that bounce off of structures (for example, organs) in your pet’s body and return to a sensor inside the ultrasound machine. The ultrasound equipment collects these reflected “echoes” and uses them to generate images that are viewable on a screen. Ultrasound waves can generate excellent images of abdominal organs, including the liver, spleen, gallbladder, and kidneys. It is also useful for assessing fetal health and monitoring pregnancy in breeding animals, and it can help us diagnose and stage (determine the severity of) some forms of cancer. Because ultrasound images are produced in real time, this technology can be used to evaluate the heart as it beats. This can help us detect abnormalities in the motion of heart valves, blood flow through the heart, and contractions of the heart muscle. It can also be used to assess the heart for defects. As we strive to provide our patients with the highest quality medicine and diagnostic testing, we are pleased to offer ultrasound as one of our diagnostic capabilities.
HOPE BLUE DENIM SLOUCH JEAN Hope Blue Denim Slouch Jean - Blue wash; soft denim fabrication - High waist denim jeans - Relaxed straight leg - Slightly cropped - Classic fly and zip closure - 5 pocket design - Unlined non-sheer - Will relax with wear SIZE & FIT: - Garment measurements of a size AU 8: Length from waist to hem 95cm, waist is 66cm around, rise length is 31cm - True to size | Relaxed fit - Studio model is 160cm and is wearing a size AU 8 / US4 Free Express to the US for all orders over $100 Express shipping $9.99 for orders under $100. 2-4 business days. Full price product is eligible for online refunds within 30 days only. Conditions apply for sale product. For more information, please read our returns policy.
A grounded Star Wars story similar to ‘The Mandalorian.’ According to Disney CEO Bob Iger’s new book. Marking her first appearance. He also touches on fan vitriol. Inspired by Lucas himself and his giant space opera. Ron Howard embraced the suggestions. Major franchise releases. The Lucas Museum is planning two venues in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
For more than a decade, April Graves of Light Drawn Studios has been photographing children as fairies for inclusion in the annual Beautiful Things with Wings calendar—with proceeds going to support WINGS, a local nonprofit that provides shelter and services for women and children who are victims of domestic violence. Light Drawn Studios will be photographing fairies for the 2020 Beautiful Things with Wings calendar June 17-21, July 16-19, and August 13-14 at various locations on the North Shore, including Lake Forest. Costumes are provided. “Imagine your little girl dressed as a fairy, twirling among the flowers in the most beautiful garden you have ever seen … resting in a magical tree, all while hummingbirds float nearby,” says Graves. “Then imagine the wonder and joy on her face when she gets to become a fairy for a day and knowing that the images which celebrate that magical moment in her childhood will also make a difference in the life of another child. These sessions are truly a magical experience and a wonderful way to teach your children to give to those in need.” To schedule your session, call Light Drawn Studios at 224-655-7801 or visit lightdrawnstudios.com. To learn more about WINGS, visit wingsprogram.com. Draper James unveiled its first-ever swim collection with Helen Jon. The collection consists of 20 designs, including swimwear, cover-ups, and beachside dresses. Presenting a modern twist on timeless style, the collection captures the signature Southern aesthetic of Draper James, while staying true to the classic design and supportive fit, which Helen Jon customers love. Reese Witherspoon, founder and creative director of Draper James, expressed her excitement for the company’s first-ever swim collection: “Our Draper James customer has consistently asked for swimwear. We are thrilled to offer this staple for her with Helen Jon, a brand known for its excellent quality and fit. I can’t wait to see our customers wearing the pieces.” Helen Jon available at Everything But Water, Deer Park Town Center, 847-726-0150, and helenjon.com. Dozens of students wearing purple 60010 Feeds Kids t-shirts worked together in the cafeteria of Station Middle School on April 26 to pack food for hungry children. The event was the culmination of eight months of hard work by a group of 26 high school and middle school students, who raised more than $10,000 to fund and organize the food-packing event. It grew from a $3,200 start in 2017, when National Junior Honor Society President Morgan Larson organized the event for her class that year. With the support of NJHS teachers Mr. Macguire and Mrs. Siesen, 60010 came back in 2018 for a new group of NJHS students. This year, a high school leadership team helped double the prior year’s funding. In addition to helping fund more than 40,000 meals this year, 60010 Feeds Kids also provides middle school students with a worthy and fun community service activity. Barrington’s White House recently won the WeddingWire Couples’ Choice Award in Barrington. A leading global online wedding marketplace, WeddingWire offers more than 3 million reviews and annually celebrates the top wedding professionals on WeddingWire, based on these reviews, across more than 20 service categories. Top vendors exhibit superior professionalism, responsiveness, service, and quality when working with brides and grooms. Barrington’s White House received this esteemed award based on actual newlyweds’ outstanding experience at the popular historic wedding venue. For more information, visit barringtonswhitehouse.com.
Göteborgin Sivukonttori is a business hub combining professionals within digitalization and communication services. We employ our key people and outsource our project teams. Our projects vary from strategic consulting to strategic marketing – and from market research to company storytelling. We also provide recruitment and training services within sales and leadership. Simply put: our core business is to improve our customers’ businesses. Göteborgin Sivukonttori was originally registered in the Finnish Trade Register in 2006. We mostly operate either from our office in Gothenburg, Sweden, or on-site where our customers are. We have customers ranging from one man companies to state administrative branches. During 2015 and 2016 a major share of our revenue came from research projects financed by the Finnish state-run environmental authority ELY; Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment. Our biggest customership during 2016 and 2017 is the Finnish Defence Forces with its 12.300 employees, 900.000 reservists and a yearly budget of 2.9 billion EUR. Our biggest customer based on yearly revenue scores up to 81.8 billion EUR. Roughly 90 % of our customers operate within governmental authority and/or safety and security.
Chattooga Golf Club is a Public, 9 hole golf course located in Trion, Georgia. Chattooga Golf Club first opened for play in 1933. The course was redesigned by David Locke. Chattooga Golf Course is mostly a flat course and is best known for its small greens, three of which are elevated. Water hazards (a river and a creek) come into play on four holes. Ladies tee off from the same set of tees as the men. There is an additional tee angle position that can be used when playing a double loop eighteen hole round. Tee box: par-36, 2,881 yards Latest Golf Course Reviews
Church Telecom can offer a range of money-saving price options on mobile phones and land line rental, calls, and mobile handsets including all the latest models. At present, we provide mobile phones and landlines in the UK and Northern Ireland, and landlines in the Republic of Ireland. We can help you reduce your telecoms bills: Make Phone and Internet Savings Or to install an office telecoms system: Office Phone Systems incl PBX and Maintenance Freephone: 0808 127 0814 Our Telecoms are recommended by Church Market Place
Drawing upon traditional knowledge of native botanicals, this balm has been created to restore, nourish and soothe both body and mind. Whether as a daily indulgence, or a practical addition to your household, these balms will find an essential place in your everyday life. Skin Soothe Balm is handcrafted with Dumburumba (Native Sandalwood) leaves, harvested from the bush and by the beach, using methods passed down to by mothers, aunties and grandmothers. Blended with rich, organic coconut oil and fragrant lavender and tea tree oils, this beautiful balm affords your skin the soothing properties of Dumburumba. Warm a small amount in the palm of your hand or fingertips, apply the balm evenly to anywhere on the body, including the face, pressure points, souls of the feet as required. Gently massage the balm into the skin. Bush Medijina began in a small shed, fueled by a big dream: to grow a business to support Warningakalina women; to share culture with others, and to preserve traditions and knowledge for future generations. Using recipes passed down to by mothers, aunties and grandmothers, Bush Medijina's products are hand-made from locally harvested bush produce combined with natural and sustainable ingredients sourced from the most reputable suppliers across Australia.
Working in New Zealand as a resident medical officer Dr Prashant Kumar started working in New Zealand as a resident medical officer after he completed his Foundation Training in the UK. Dr Prashant Kumar made his way down to New Zealand after he completed his Foundation Training in the UK, to work at Timaru in the South Island. WHAT IS YOUR ROLE? I’m currently working as a house officer in a district general hospital. We roll through 3 monthly rotations that include medicine, generally surgery, paediatrics, emergency medicine, obstetrics & gynaecology and anaesthetics. Our hours are very reasonable when compared to working in the NHS- our working hours are 8-4pm daily with one on call long day a week. You are also contracted to work 1-2 weekends and a set of nights every three months. HOW FAR IN ADVANCE DID YOU APPLY FOR JOBS AND WHY DID YOU PLAN TO WORK OVERSEAS AT THIS POINT IN YOUR CAREER? I started looking for jobs at the beginning of the year for jobs starting in August and November the same year. I felt that the break between foundation training and specialty training was a perfect opportunity to take a break, travel a bit and get more experience in a range of specialties before committing to a specialty back in the UK. I am planning on applying for training this coming year and so will come back for interviews early in 2015. WHAT IS THE COST OF LIVING LIKE IN NZ? The cost of living is higher than you might expect, however, this is more than compensated with the better pay and hours that you receive here compared to working in the NHS. Generally living expenses are slightly lower in the South Island compared to the North. You can expect to pay between NZ $7-12 for a pint in a pub. Groceries are more expensive than in the UK. Rent can range from anything between NZ $90/week (hospital accommodation) to NZ$ 400/week (2 bedroom flat in a desirable part of town). WHAT KIND OF CASES HAVE YOU MANAGED? I have seen a lot more trauma cases due to the fact that lots of kiwis are adrenaline junkies or farmers who spend a lot of their days playing with big machines! The infections you see here are quite different to the UK as well, as there are not so many drug-resistant bugs here. HOW DID YOU FIND THE NZ IMMIGRATION AND REGISTRATION PROCESS? Once you have secured a job, the registration and immigration process can be a long and drawn out affair. You need to get provisional registration with the council, a working visa, and indemnity. Note that you may need additional forms such as a police certificate depending on your individual circumstances. Whilst the initial outlay will cost over NZ$ 2000, a lot of it can be reclaimed from the hospital you work in (e.g. Registration, Indemnity etc.) See my article in the BMJ Careers for a more exhaustive list. WHAT DO YOU GET UP TO OUTSIDE WORK? Living in New Zealand has been brilliant as we have a much better work-life balance. We have travelled all over the island, and the outdoors scene is incredible. Kayaking, white water rafting, mountain biking, sand dune-boarding, hiking all on our doorstep! Not to mention the ski season is right round the corner with the nearest ski field only an hour away! WHAT GENERAL ADVICE WOULD YOU GIVE FOR DOCTORS PLANNING TO WORK in NEW ZEALAND AS A RESIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER? I would advise anyone wanting to come here to plan well in advance and prepare your CVs accordingly as securing jobs is much harder now than it has been in the past. But with some persistence and good organization, it is most definitely possible. Once out here, you won’t regret it! Latest posts by Sara Sabin (see all) - 3 tips to building a consistent brand for your healthcare business - 19th August 2016 - Top 10 tips for black Wednesday survival..and beyond - 3rd August 2016 - 10 Mistakes Doctors Make When Applying for Management Consultancy - 26th June 2016
Sculptures on campus There are many sculptures and statues on the grounds of the College of William and Mary. - 1 David H Turner's sculptures - 2 James Monroe Statue - 3 King and Queen Gate - 4 Lord Botetourt - 5 Marshall-Wythe School of Law - 6 Muscarelle Museum of Art - 7 Curled Up C - 8 Oliver - 9 Rev. James Blair - 10 Spring - 11 Thomas Jefferson - 12 Tyler Family Garden - 13 References - 14 Materials in the Special Collections Research Center - 15 Need help? David H Turner's sculptures Located in the Crim Dell, the 4 foot sculpture "Great Blue Heron with Marsh Wren and Turtle" was made by College of William and Mary alumnus David H. Turner, class of 1983. It was donated by Ben Field, class of 1957. The statue features cattails and a turtle on the base. The statue went missing in September 2006 after Hurricane Ernesto went through campus and was found at the bottom of the Crim Dell. The Canada Geese sculpture is located next to the Alumni House on Richmond Rd. Soaring Eagle is in the Sadler Center atrium and the Memorial Garden Dove is in the Memorial Garden near Lake Matoaka. James Monroe Statue The James Monroe statue, located outside Tucker Hall just east of the Senior Walk, was dedicated on April 23, 2015. The statue was a gift of William & Mary alumni Carroll and Patty Owen in honor of the class of 1962. The statue is made of bronze and shows Monroe protecting a globe in his right hand, referring to the Monroe Doctrine, and a frieze around its base depicting important moments in his life. Eight panels show scenes from Monroe's life such as his student experience at William & Mary from 1774-1776, Monroe at the Battle of Trenton, his diplomatic experience, as secretary of war, and as president of the United States. The statue was the first in a series of commemorations of the 200th anniversary of James Monroe's inauguration in 1817. The statue was sculpted by Gordon Kray, class of 1973. Kray has created other sculptures on campus including the replica of the Botetourt statue on the Wren Yard, The [Marshall-Wythe statue at the law school, and the Pierre Charles L'Enfant Statue in the atrium of Alan B. Miller Hall. King and Queen Gate Donated in the 1920's by Mary Cooke Branch Munford, first woman member of the Board of Visitors. Women at the College of William and Mary these statues of King William and Queen Mary stand atop brick pillars which flank a driveway behind Tucker Hall off Richmond Rd. The original statue of Lord Botetourt is now located on the ground floor of Swem Library. A reproduction was erected in front of the Wren Building in 1993. Lord Botetourt was so revered by the Virginians that in fact they erected a statue in his memory which stood first at the Old Capitol building and then was purchased by the College of William and Mary in 1801. Barring a brief period during the Civil War when it was moved to the Public Asylum for safety, it stood in the College Yard until 1958 when it was removed for protection from the elements, and then installed in the new Earl Gregg Swem Library in 1966 in the Botetourt Gallery. A replica created in bronze by College of William and Mary alumnus Gordon Kray, class of 1973, was installed in the College Yard in 1993 on Homecoming weekend. It is a College tradition to dress up the statue for the holidays such as hanging a wreath on the statue's outstretched hand. Marshall-Wythe School of Law A statue of John Marshall and George Wythe is located at the main entrance to the Marshall-Wythe School of Law. It was created by Gordon S. Kray, class of 1973, and was a gift of Robert Friend Boyd, class of 1950 and J.D. class of 1952, and Sara Miller Boyd, class of 1954. The statue was dedicated on October 7, 2000. Muscarelle Museum of Art Known for its early American and European portraits and works on paper, the Muscarelle Museum of Art’s treasures span the centuries, and the permanent collection includes more than 3,900 works of art. The Muscarelle is also host to a spectacular variety of traveling shows. Above all, the Muscarelle is a teaching facility, where the academic program is considered when building the collection and planning exhibits. Faculty members are frequent collaborators who give gallery talks or classroom lectures based on the exhibits. Curled Up C This abstract sculpture by Lila Katzen consists of two curving forms, one of light-colored, buffed stainless steel and the other of Corten steel that weathers to a rich textured brown. The two large vertical shapes lean diagonally against one another establishing a single point of contact before curling away, each in its own distinct form. This work was created in 1979 by Lila Katzen, an American artist known for her large-scale, site-specific sculptures. Her works have been exhibited at some of the nation's foremost museums and, in 1981, a duplicate of Curled Up C was installed in the courtyard of the National Museum of American Art in Washington, D.C. Curled Cup C has been on loan to the Museum from the artist since 1983, when it was placed near the Museum entrance at Katzen's instructions. Since the, the sculpture has become an integral part of the visual aesthetics of the Museum and campus. Designed in 1979 by the College's Sculpture-in-Residence, Robert Engman, "Oliver" is named for the artist's father. The sculpture is adjacent to Andrews Hall and Barksdale Field. The dimensions of Oliver are 156 h. x 96 w. x 96. d . ins. (396.5 x 244.0 x 244.0 cm). Rev. James Blair The Reverend James Blair, A.M. (1655-1748) was the founding president of the College of William and Mary. Sculptor: Lewis Cohen, member of the faculty; a tercentenary gift to the college. It was dedicated October 21, 1993, during Homecoming. J. Seward Johnson's sculpture "Spring" was installed at the College of William and Mary in 1979. At some time prior to 1991, the letter held by the figure Tina in the sculpture was broken off. A transcription of the letter from "Spring" at the Fitton Center for Creative Arts in Hamilton, Ohio (June 2008): Hi! you wouldn't believe how much I miss you! I am having a great time here but I do wish you were here. Next month we go on vacation and I will be home to see you and I hope you still Love me. So what's new in town? Last week Bill met a girl and Broke up with Sue. Even if I see a good looking girl I think of you and I will never break up with you. I hope you don't Break up with me for Some one else. The statue of College alumnus Thomas Jefferson was given to the College of William and Mary by the University of Virginia to celebrate the connection of Jefferson between the two institutions. Jefferson went to school at William and Mary from 1760 to 1762 and was a member of the Board of Visitors. He later helped to establish the University of Virginia in 1819. The statue was dedicated on November 11, 1992 as part of the College's Tercentenary Celebration and was placed between Washington Hall and Tercentenary Hall (later renamed McGlothlin-Street Hall). John T. Casteen III, President of the University of Virginia, College President Timothy J. Sullivan, and Hays Watkins, Rector of the Board of Visitors, were in attendance at the dedication. The University of Virginia has a similar statue of Jefferson between their Darden School of Business and the Law School. Both statues were created by Lloyd Lillie, a professor at Boston University. Casteen learned from an article by William and Mary History professor Ludwell Johnson that before Jefferson died, he took out a $17,000 loan from William and Mary to settle his debts, but was unable to pay it back before he died. Even a deed of trust on Shadwell, Jefferson's birth place, in 1876 could not settle the debt owed to the College. As a result, the College was in financial peril and had to close in the 1880s. Therefore, Casteen mentioned that he hoped that the debt would be forgiven with the donation of the statue. The statue is frequently dressed up for holidays and special events as the statue of Lord Botetourt is. The dedication plaque includes a quote by Jefferson. "I look to the diffusion of light and education as the resource most to be relied on for ameliorating the condition, promoting the virture and advancing the happiness of man." The plaque goes on to read "This statue is a gift of the University of Virginia to Jefferson's Alma Mater on occasion of its 300th Anniversary, 1993. Dedicated November 11, 1992." Tyler Family Garden In recognition of the Lyon Gardiner Tyler legacy – and a family legacy to the College of William and Mary that spans three centuries – a garden was dedicated at the college April 30, 2004. The Tyler Family Garden includes bronze busts of three members of this extraordinary family – Lyon Gardiner Tyler, the 17th president of William and Mary; his father, the 10th U.S. President, John Tyler, who served as rector and chancellor of the college; and Lyon Gardiner Tyler’s grandfather, John Tyler, Sr. who served as the 18th governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The Tyler Family Garden is part of an endowment gift from Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Ruffin Tyler, son of Lyon Gardiner Tyler, to the college’s history department. The garden is located outside James Blair Hall, the building on campus that houses the college’s history department, now named the Lyon Gardiner Tyler Department of History. The Tyler family’s affiliation with William and Mary began in 1704 when the grandfather of U.S. President John Tyler, also named John Tyler, attended the college. His son, the governor of Virginia from 1808 to 1811, and his grandson, the U.S. President, also studied at William and Mary. Harrison Tyler’s father, Lyon Gardiner Tyler, earned degrees from the University of Virginia but was awarded an honorary degree from William and Mary at the end of his 31-year term as the college’s president. In all, about 30 members of the Tyler family have attended William and Mary. - The Flat Hat, 13 November 1992, p. 1-2. - Buildings and Grounds--Sculptures--Statue of Thomas Jefferson, University Archives Subject File Collection, Special Collections Research Center, Earl Gregg Swem Library, The College of William and Mary. - Jefferson Returns to William and Mary, Alumni Gazette, Winter 1993, p. 2. Materials in the Special Collections Research Center The Flat Hat, William & Mary News, and Alumni Gazette: - Blair and Botetourt statues to be dedicated AG, Sept. 1993, pg. 3, 6 (picture). - Statues of College leaders to be dedicated at Homecoming WMN, 9/1/1993, pg. 6. To search for further material, visit the Special Collections Research Center's Search Tool List for an overview of the Special Collections Database, W&M Digital Archive, Flat Hat-William & Mary News-Alumni Gazette index, card catalogs, and other tools available to help you find material of interest in William & Mary Libraries Special Collections Research Center. |A Note About The Contents Of This Wiki| |The information available in this wiki is the best available from known documents and sources at the time it was written. Unfortunately, many of the early original records of William & Mary were destroyed by fires, military occupation, and the normal effects of time. Information in this wiki is not complete as new information continues to be uncovered in Swem Library's Special Collections Research Center and elsewhere. Researchers are strongly encouraged to use the Special Collections search tools for their research as the information contained in this wiki is by no means comprehensive.|
Flash SALE — FREE US Shipping & 50%-70% Off!⚡ Bella's Breast Boosting Bundle is here! We have decided to focus on the three products that give YOU results. Our motto is: Have bigger dreams for yourself. Bigger boobies in 13 days is a great way of following that motto. Get it before its gone.
The NFL has controlled the flow of information since the start of this whole Tom Brady football psi nightmare. Through their media leaks and through the Wells Investigation, the NFL has systematically manipulated matters to lead the public towards one conclusion: Tom Brady – perhaps the face of the league, the posterboy for what the NFL should want to represent, is a cheater. In an attempt to rehabilitate the image of a Commissioner who had been under attack since the previous offseason. What better target than the team everyone already hates? I’m convinced the seeds were planted the week before the AFC Championship Game, (Well, long before that, actually, but it really took off that week.) when, following the Patriots win over the Ravens in Divisional Round of the playoffs, Brady told the media that the Ravens and their coach John Harbaugh, needed to “read the rulebook.” That set in motion a series of events which has developed into the biggest sports story of the year (decade?). A story which still has not been resolved, and is not likely to be fully resolved for some time to come. A series of clandestine emails were traded between the Indianapolis Colts and the NFL Operations department. They accused the Patriots of using footballs below the regulation PSI. They cited balls taken from the Patriots win in Indianapolis earlier in the season. Footballs which would’ve been handled by the home team, mind you. They also made vague references to it being “well known” that the Patriots were using footballs that were not inflated to regulation. No specifics have ever come on that. The events of the night of the AFC Championship game have been well-chronicled. But from that point on, the NFL had complete and utter control of the message being put out. Instead after a little more than a day of collecting basic evidence and interviews, ESPN coincidentally (or not) ran with a bombshell report that 11 of the 12 Patriots footballs were underinflated by more than two pounds per square inch and, conversely, none of the Indianapolis Colts’ measured as such. It was damning. It was also completely false. None of the Patriots footballs were so deflated and only four Colts footballs were even measured, so that didn’t matter. Someone at Goodell’s office may or may not have leaked it – the league office appears to be the only entity at the time with the info. Even if it didn’t, the league, equipped with the truth, failed to either refute it or just pass the info onto the Patriots. The league even fed the Pats similarly frightening, and inaccurate, data. Essentially, whoever leaked it to ESPN counted on the report being so big that the public would believe it no matter what came out later. Did it ever. The NFL told ESPN and the Patriots a bold faced lie. On purpose. Further, they went and told a second lie – that the Colts footballs were all over the legal limit the entire game. Those lies were never corrected. When the Patriots were finally privately told the correct numbers, almost three months later, they were ordered not to disclose them to the public. The NFL was controlling the flow of information. Ted Wells was appointed to lead over the investigation. Labeled “independent” but in reality a lawyer working for the NFL, (to the tune of $45 million over the last two years) Wells was tasked with creating a case against Tom Brady. In the course of his “Investigation,” Wells attempted to set up Brady. He had gotten text transcripts from John Jastremski’s phone, so he had a complete record of what the two of them had said to each other over text. But he still demanded Brady’s phone, or at least to look at it. No had no reason to do this. None. But by demanding the phone, Wells puts himself in a win-win situation. He accomplishes multiple things: - If Brady hands over the phone, Wells and his team scour it to find something, anything, that Brady hadn’t previously disclosed which involves the case or interactions with Jastremski. Trust me, they would’ve found something they would’ve used, no matter how innocent in reality it was. (Brady lied and said he didn’t know McNally, but here he refers to a “bird!”) Then they would claim that Brady was hiding/covering up information and not cooperating. - Brady doesn’t hand over this phone, and Wells can say again, that Brady did not cooperate. By this point, Ted Wells was controlling all information, and he was not disclosing anything to the Patriots. The NFL had already burned the Patriots with the false PSI numbers,the team was wary of further leaks. Wells told the team he would not be investigating the leaks from the NFL, despite Roger Goodell saying at the outset that the league’s conduct would be in the scope of the investigation. This is from a letter sent by Daniel Goldberg of the Patriots to Jeff Pash of the NFL on February 6th. We learned last night from Ted that the issue of how League personnel handled the pursuit of the low psi issues, including whether there were inappropriate prejudgments and unfounded presumptions of wrongdoing, selective leaks of information and misinformation, failure to correct obviously misreported information, and the like, are not part of what the Paul Weiss firm has been asked to investigate. I understand that the League has opted to investigate those matters internally. Because of the significance of these issues, their obvious interrelationship to the matters being pursued by the Paul Weiss firm, and the benefits of having them investigated by individuals who are not employees of the League (particularly since they involve the conduct of high level League employees), the Patriots ask that the League add these issues to the matters that are being independently investigated. In our view, League personnel’s serious mishandling of this psi issue during and after the AFC Championship Game has caused the Patriots grievous harm. As a member club, we think this issue is no less serious than the related issues now in the hands of independent investigators and even more appropriate to be pursued by those who are not League employees, since they involve the conduct of other League employees. Pash couldn’t have been more condescending and dismissive in his reply. I know the Commissioner is as displeased by the media activity as you and others are. He has been as clear as possible on this point. To some extent, the media activity is inherent in Super Bowl week — having now been to 7 Super Bowls, the Patriots know better than any club the feeding frenzy that takes place around the game. I am somewhat encouraged that the media activity seems to have slowed down a bit, and I am hopeful that the investigation can now proceed in a calm, quiet, and professional way. The Commissioner is …displeased. Wow. He’ll get right on that. And yes, the media activity around this sure did slow down. And things have been calm quiet and professional ever since. Right? The NFL had no interest in investigating its own leaks. Why would they? It was all part of their campaign. They were controlling the message, and this was a big part of that. Ted Wells was at the head of it. He was controlling what the public saw, what the Patriots saw and what others involved in the process saw. His eventual report, continued the message. By front-loading the report he was able to give the public the message that he wanted them to take away, knowing that the majority would read no further than that summary. It was like a lawyer giving his closing arguments at the beginning of the case, before the jury could hear all the testimony and evidence and decide for themselves. Wells was able to bury the evidence among mind-numbing legalese and footnotes. When the Patriots punishment was announced, Robert Kraft at first protested. Then, after speaking with Goodell, he caved. While Kraft claimed he was doing it to “end the rhetoric” and do what was best for the 32, in reality all he did was make his organization appear more guilty, and essentially take sides against his quarterback and coach. When the punishment came out, the NFL was very careful to ensure that some of the most powerful owners in the league (all of whom had a stake in the Patriots being punished and hamstrung) spoke out in support of Goodell and to say what a great job he was going (See yesterday’s post) The NFL continued to control the message throughout the rest of the process. When Adam Schefter reported that the NFL had requested that the Patriots suspend McNally and Jastremski, Goodell himself refuted it the very next day. When Schefter Tweeted during Brady’s appeals hearing that he would only be given four hours to state his case, within minutes NFL spokesman Greg Aiello refuted the statement. Schefter then produced an NFL letter to the Brady camp specifying the time limit they would be given. Schefter reported following the hearing that “Brady came off as genuine, earnest and persuasive, addressing every issue raised in the league-sanctioned Wells report during Tuesday’s long meeting. One of the sources called it “an A-plus performance.” Very quickly, another source surfaced which described Brady’s appearance as “not overly impressive” and “not entirely credible. ” More recently when word came out that the NFL and Brady might be discussing a settlement, an NFL source quickly amended the narrative to indicate that it was Brady’s camp which approached the NFL about a settlement, which of course leads some to make the leap that Brady is looking to settle because he knows he’s guilty. It’s making the rounds now that “NFL sources” believe Brady will accept a reduced suspension. This is simply another tactic by the NFL to put pressure on Brady. Camp opens next week you know! All along this process the NFL has controlled the message that is being put out and which the general public and media outside of New England (and certain influential media folks inside New England) are eager to gobble up. Come to think of it, how do we know that Dan Shaughnessy and Michael Felger aren’t being controlled by the NFL? To cap this off, we have this Tweet from today, which pretty much encapsulates this whole thing: Longtime ESPN reporter, good ‘ol boy, asks his contact in the league about a matter that has held America hostage for seven months now. He gets in return a joke about his golf game, indicating a chummy relationship with this particular source as he knows about the golf ability of Werder. Ha ha! We’ll have to get together and play 18 real soon, Ed! And on the back nine I can tell you all about how we’re gonna nail that cheater, Brady! That’s just how they do things down there. Update – 7/27 – It happened again. Over the weekend, ESPN’s Sal Paolantonio said on a San Diego radio station: “[By reducing the suspension] you’re angering some of the hard-core owners out there,” said Paolantonio. “I know who they are and I’m gonna name ‘em right now: Jim Irsay of the Colts. Steve Bisciotti of the Ravens and others in the AFC who believe the Patriots have gotten away with murder for years and have not been publicly punished properly.” Again, with a leak coming out that puts the NFL in a bad light, it was refuted quickly. Bisciotti himself went on the defensive, telling Jamison Hensley of ESPN that he has not pressured Goodell about the case, calling Paolantonio “100% wrong” and saying it would be “unfair to Robert Kraft, who is honorable person and to his franchise.” Longtime NFL Executive Joe Banner also weighed in.
A young couple dream of growing old together as they as they deal with the struggles of being in a long-term relationship. |Released:||August 29, 2018| |Companies:||ABS-CBN Film ProductionsStar Cinema| |Cast:||Daniel PadillaDarren EspantoJean GarciaKathryn Bernardo| |Crew:||Carmi RaymundoCathy Garcia-MolinaGilliann Ebreo|
New Day Children’s Theatre provides theatrical exposure to children and youth of all experience levels. New Day provides a nurturing environment where children come together to build relationships and develop character through mutual respect and teamwork. It is a safe place to express their creativity. At New Day the kids participate in all aspects of the production, from acting to lights to taking tickets at the door. The process of the theatrical experience is as important as the product and equal weight is placed on education and fun. Whether center-stage or behind the scenes, and regardless of experience level, there is a place for every child at New Day. It is important to everyone at New Day to provide a quality arts program for the children in our community. As the only drama program in the mid-south dedicated to children we believe in: - Edifying and empowering kids always - Building relationships in an nurturing environmentM/li> - Developing character through mutual respect and teamwork - Conducting all business with honesty and integrity in a fiscally responsible manner
From time to time double glazing units can fail whether due to age where the seals have deteriorated or a window has been broken in some way. RD Glazing can replace Double Glazed Units quickly and easily for you. The easiest way to tell if a double glazing unit has failed is a visual inspection. Can you see condensation or mist on the inside of the unit? If yes, this means the double glazing unit seals have broken and have allowed moisture to enter. This acts as a catalyst for heat transfer between hot and cold environments degrading the insulation effectiveness of the unit. Another way to tell if a double glazing unit has failed is noticing a cold area around a certain window compared to others in the house. Double Glazing Unit Failure can be caused by a number of different factors. Physical damage is the biggest factor with broken glass or damaged frames causing the unit to fail. Age is another factor, Double Glazing Units are expected to last approximately 20 years and with many houses coming to that age some windows may have some failures. Not caused by physical damage corrosion of the seals in the unit allowing moisture into the space between the glass which will act as a catalyst for heat transfer. A double glazed unit that fails will transfer heat from its source a lot faster and easier than when it was sealed. This will have reduced its effectiveness as an insulator and will allow heat to transfer to an external source. Due to the heat loss through the window your heating system will use more energy to keep the room at a particular temperature increasing your heating costs. © RD Glazing Ltd. Unit 4 Shorade Industrial Units New Street, Bridgtown
The incorporation of Alspec thermally broken double glazed window and door products have helped transform an aging swimming centre into a modern, light and energy efficient facility. Contact Alspec by clicking the button below to find out which products were used in this case study. Wellington Secondary College, Mulgrave, VIC Mona Lane, Brunswick Heads, NSW Stratum, Sanctuary Cove, QLD Star of the Sea College, Brighton, VIC
Invest in tomorrow's metro. Today Pondicherry is predicted to be one among the 15 new metros by 2025, in the "India's Economic Geography in 2025: States, Clusters and Cities" report by the coveted global consulting ﬁrm, McKinsey & Company. The report calls Pondicherry as one of the “very high performing” states in India. Source: The Hindu, 01st Nov 2014, Chennai edition Pondy Prominent on the global tourism map! The foreseeable future - 4 - lane connectivity from Chennai to Pondicherry. - Pondicherry boasts a fully functional airport that has charter ﬂights and the local ﬂying training school operating out of this airport. - Air connectivity from Pondicherry-Bengaluru via Air India Regional. Smart City Pondicherry - Pondicherry is one of India's top 100 smart cities – A project envisioned by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to revolutionize India. - The social facilities on oﬀer at these cities are expected to be far better than the regular cities. - The cities built/upgraded as part of the Smart Cities project shall have the very best in recreational facilities as well with sports stadia, open centres and plazas to go with centres of Culture - The French government has earmarked 2 billion euros as credit for implementation of programmes under the project. - This association will over support and expertise to the Pondicherry Government in sustainable urban development, water, waste management and energy effciency.
(Pocket-lint) - If the yell of your alarm clock is getting old there's a novel social alternative thanks to the Wakie app. Install on your phone, set the alarm and a random person from anywhere in the world will wake you with a one-minute limited call. Or do it do them if you're feeling social and creative. The Wakie service first launched in Russia as a website in 2011 before being made for iOS, Android and Windows Phone. The idea behind the app is to properly wake you up, without the usual snooze function - as well as being social. According to CEO Hrachik Adjamian, "Research shows that a one minute talk to a stranger wakes your brain up with a 99 per cent guarantee. When someone asks you questions in the morning your brain has to wake up to answer. Also you try to be kind, you try to turn on your social pattern of behaviour. After the call you can’t sleep anymore even if you had a short sleep." The app also features a message board where people can, potentially, find the person they spoke to suggesting it could act as a service to connect people too. A premium version of the app extends talk time by five minutes and allows you to specify the gender of who you're connected to as well as being able to see their profile. Dating aspirations for Wakie perhaps? Meeting at a time when your guard is down, first thing in the morning, could be ideal. The app is free and available to download. It sounds scary but has got to be worth a try. Let us know how you find it. READ: iPhone panic alarm app now on iTunes
Danny Cohen has received an Oscar and a Bafta nomination for his cinematography on The King’s Speech. The London-based film-maker previously worked with King’s Speech director Tom Hooper on the Emmy-nominated HBO TV series John Adams, and Channel 4’s Longford. Cohen’s other film credits include The Boat That Rocked, Glorious 39, and This Is England. But what is a cinematographer – and how do you become one? What does a cinematographer do? My job is to help the director realize what’s in his head. Written by admin Many students are cash-strapped, nowadays. Nevertheless, their purchasing power is very high. Research reveals that What is stopping you from believing in the business of your dreams? Insecurity? Fear? Lack Rumi, is the most popular Sufi poet in the world. His work is not only Thousands of people dream of having their own business and even more so be a
Bolt Vortex Sort BKNFX-11 - Product Place of Origin : Nanjing,China Delivery Terms : 15-90 Business Days Delivery Time : 15-90 Business Days Product Capacity : 5000 Payment Terms : T/T BKNFX-11 bolt eddy current sorter is suitable for high-strength bolt heat treatment state, crack, wrong thread anchor, and mixture sorting. Nanjing BOKENA Automation System Co., Ltd., originated from the eddy current testing laboratory of the Nanjing University of Technology. It is one of the most professional ndt testing equipment suppliers in China. We sincerely invite and welcome people from all around the world to invest and create more values together. Brand : BKN
These three questions determine if my home air purifier guide is right for you: - Would you like to know more about how to choose the best air purifier for your family? - Do you want only the best air purifier articles; well researched, independent and unbiased with no hype or deceptive marketing? - Will you allow me the time to help you uncover the facts you need to know about home air purifiers? You and I are both fully aware of the sorry state of affairs among websites about air purifiers. What would it take for this site to be a credible home air purifier guide in your eyes? What would it take for you personally to view my site as authoritative, comprehensive, informative and useful – a real help to you? I don’t believe the answers to these questions lies in pitching products to you at every turn. I believe your goal is clean air – not to become the proud owner of a shiny new air purifier. So think of my site as a “How to get clean air guide” instead. So what does clean air mean to you? Does it mean relief from allergy, asthma, odors and chemicals, or airborne illness? Whom are you seeking to protect: Yourself, a family member, or a child? If your real goal is to protect and care for the health and welfare of your family then isn’t your personal air purifier choice an act of love? That is a profound and necessary realization, without which no web author will understand why a wise decision is important to you. Is even one home air purifier guide demonstrating that understanding? Is even one addressing your real needs? Is even one understanding the anxieties you have over making the right choice? My goal is for my guide to be that one. Activated Carbon Air Purifiers If you’re just beginning your air purifier search, the benefits of activated carbon filtration may not be foremost in your mind. You may be more concerned about relieving allergies or asthma, leading you to think in terms of irritants like dust, pollen, and dander. However, the odors and chemicals in your home and workplace are also of serious concern. Because of the health effects of chemical contaminants, better quality air purifiers include activated carbon filtration. Activated carbon air filters are the most effective type of filter against chemicals, gases, cigarette smoke and odors. How do these and other airborne chemicals affect youand your family? Research reveals a long and dire list of negative health effects. Have you experienced any of these symptoms at home or work? - Colds, flu and virus infections - Coughing and sneezing, wheezing - Dryness and irritation of the eyes, nose, throat, and skin - Ear infection - Heart disease - Hypersensitivity pneumonitis - MCS (multiple chemical sensitivity) - Memory loss - Respiratory disease - Respiratory infections, bronchitis - Shortness of breath, difficulty breathing - Sinus congestion and sinus infection - Symptoms similar to a cold Surely you want to avoid these health problems. Using activated carbon for air purification will make your air healthier and more pleasant. You will especially benefit if you suffer from Multiple Chemical Sensitivity (MCS) or any hyper reactive airway disorder that makes you sensitive to chemical pollutants. Is air purification with activated carbon filtration effective? Air purification with activated carbon air filters is the single best way to remove chemical pollutants from the air. Activated carbon can adsorb as much as 60% of its weight in pollutants. Activated carbon filters will adsorb some of almost any vapor. They have a large capacity for organic molecules, especially solvents. Activated carbon can adsorb and retain a wide variety of chemicals at the same time. Activated carbon air filters work well under a wide range of temperatures and humidity levels; are inert and safe to handle and use; and are readily available and affordable. Activated carbon filtration can remove organic acids, alcohols, aldehydes, chlorinated hydrocarbons, esters, ethers, ketones, mercaptans, amines, halogens, halogen acids, sulfuric acid, sulfur dioxide, phosgene, as well as odors from human and animal sources, urine and other waste, perfumes and household cleaning chemicals. You should be aware that while activated carbon is excellent for removal of volatile organic compounds (VOCs), some compounds like formaldehyde and inorganic gases respond best to chemisorbers that break down the pollutants by chemical reaction. You should look for air purifiers containing activated carbon impregnated with appropriate chemisorbers and catalysts to control the particular pollutants that concern you. What purifiers offer activated carbon filtration using special carbon blends? Depending on the chemicals and odors you wish to control you may need to select a specialized activated carbon filter. Activated carbon blends with differing properties result from the source of the activated carbon, the methods used to create it, and any added chemisorbed and catalysts. These catalysts and chemisorbers enhance the adsorption of specific pollutants such as volatile organic compounds or cigarette smoke. However, few air purifier manufacturers offer you an opportunity to select a custom activated carbon blend. I have found that Allerair air purifiers, with over forty different activated carbon blends available, can meet anyone’s needs with ease. Allerair can also provide highly customized blends for special purposes to labs, industry, military or anyone with needs beyond the usual residential, health care, or commercial uses. Allerair leads the way in odor and chemical control. This is typically what the homeowner is most concerned with. Allerair also has activated carbon blends that will handle radioactive gases, toxic gases of military or terrorist use (check out their Sentinel unit for biological, nuclear and chemical weapon threats), sewage plants and poultry plants, and museums. If you’re going to buy an air purifier, it only makes sense to purchase one that can control practically anything. The Air Ionizer One of the most confusing terms in the field of air purification is the air ionizer. In one advertisement after another we find air cleaning devices with widely varied technologies claiming to ionize the air. So just exactly what are we talking about when we use the term “air ionizer”. The one thing that all these air cleaning devices have in common is they are a form of electronic air purifier. Electronic air purifiers use a high voltage wiring system to create an electrical charge that results in particulates passing through becoming negatively charged. Most of the best humidifier and air purifier in the market today fall into this category But after that the similarity ends and a whole host of differences begin to show up. Some use collector plates and some don’t. Some have a fan and others don’t. Some use a charged media filter and others use various mechanical filters including HEPA type filtration. Some use the ionization potential to deliberately create ozone and some attempt to reduce ozone byproducts with catalysts. Finally, there are the hybrids that mix and match approaches, sometimes including as many as five different technologies. It’s no wonder that comparing air ionizer air cleaners is confusing. How can you know what is effective? Are there any that should definitely be avoided? The vast field of products renders it ridiculously difficult to evaluate air ionizers individually. However, it is possible to break down the basic technological approaches used and determine if any one or combination is worthwhile. The four primary technologies found in air ionizer devices are: - The electrostatic precipitator - The charged media filter - The negative ion generator - The ozone generator Each of these receives a brief overview below, but are discussed more thoroughly on their own individual pages. Links are provided below. The electrostatic precipitator The electrostatic precipitator uses a series of collector plates with a charge opposite that of the ionized particles. This results in a powerful electrostatic attraction that pulls the particles to the plates like a magnet. It is possible for particles as small as 0.1 micron to be collected this way. Since this is smaller than the 0.3 micron rating of HEPA filters you will sometimes see claims that these devices are better than HEPA. However, it must be pointed out that even the best electrostatic precipitators are only 80% efficient. Compare this to the 99.97% efficiency of a HEPA filter. Apart from the poor initial collection efficiency is the additional flaw that the plates progressively lose efficiency as material is collected. Research shows that in as few as three days you can lose as much as 80% of the collection efficiency of clean plates. This means your electrostatic precipitator will only be attracting about 20% of the particles passing through it. Regular maintenance cleaning is an absolute necessity. At a minimum, the collection plates should be cleaned twice a week and every day would be best in order to achieve maximum efficiency. On a final note, electrostatic precipitators will produce ozone in sufficient quantities to be an irritant to many people, especially those with pulmonary related illnesses like asthma. For a thorough discussion of features and faults follow the link, Electrostatic Precipitators. The charged media filtermedia charged filter and brief faults The negative ion generatornegative ionizer no collector and brief faults The ozone generatorozone generator and faults Eleven ways air ionizers unerperform - Low efficiency. Even the best models only achieve 80% efficiency at particle removal. They are unable to clean the air to HEPA standards. - Rapid loss of efficiency. Loading of collector plates with captured particles rapidly degrades efficiency at collecting further particles. Efficiency can be reduced to below 20% in as few as three days. - Constant maintenance. The rapid reduction in collection efficiency due to plate loading requires regular maintenance cleaning. From twice a week to daily is recommended, depending on the environment. - Reduction in efficiency over life of unit. Even with regular maintenance cleaning, collection efficiency will degrade as constant bombardment from high energy ions corrodes the needlepoint ionizers or ionizing wire. - Short life. Corrosion of the ionizing wire or needlepoint ionizing pins by ion bombardment will result in failure of the air ionizer. Hence, short warranties. - Ozone production. All air ionizers produce ozone, a hazardous gas that damages the tissues of the airways causing increased sensitization to allergens, difficulty breathing for asthmatics, and possible severe respiratory distress. - Limited coverage area. Government regulations on ozone exposure levels effectively requires manufacturers to balance the ionization potential of their units against the level of ozone produced. This serves to limit the area an ionizer can effectively clean. This means that you must buy multiple units to achieve the same coverage area as a single HEPA purifier may be capable of handling. - Limited area, part II. Low air flow. The need for ionized particles to spend sufficient time in the air ionizer to be deflected onto the collection plates means air speed must be slow. Thus, air ionizers often use no fan or a low speed fan. Low air flow means low air volume handled by the unit and thus significant limitations on the size of the area that can be cleaned. Again, you must buy several units to achieve the coverage of a single HEPA air purifier. - No effect on gaseous contaminants. Chemical toxins, mold mycotoxins, volatile organic compounds, formaldehyde, the hundreds of chemicals in cigarette smoke all pass through an air ionizer unaffected. - Black wall effect / Black lung. Ionized particles not collected on plates in the electrostatic precipitator or by design with a negative ion generator will instead collect on walls, furniture, or any available surface. This includes the inside surface of your lungs. This effect has been given a name. It’s called the black wall effect. The health hazard of negatively charged respirable particles adhering to your lung tissues has been noted by the EPA. See: Possible effects of particle charging - Arbitrary pricing serves as no guide. Testing often shows that high priced models may perform no better or even worse than cheaper ones. Quality of materials and construction, durability, and effectiveness do not seem to play a consistent role in pricing. Rather, it seems the basis for price is simply what the market will bear for the promise of clean air. This situation is often pointed out by the sellers of air ionizers themselves.
Once upon a time (circa 1928), in a Hollywood of our mythic imagination rather than historic reality, a 21-year-old aspiring actor named Marion Michael Morrison (later to become more well known as John Wayne) met 80-year-old former marshal Wyatt Earp. The aged gunfighter had been hired to appear in one of those newly invented “oaters” that had become a part of popular culture following the cinematic success of The Great Train Robbery (1903). The two met on the set of a Western being directed by genius-in-embryo John Ford and the living legend of the Old West hit it off with the youngster who would come to embody the 20 century’s glorification of that time and place. Between takes, the tall tale goes, Earp recalled his hair-raising exploits as Duke (he’d been called that since childhood owing to his close attachment to a large dog of that name) sat spellbound, admiring and absorbing the old lawman’s personal code of conduct. As a lawman, Earp (unlike some of his trigger-happy contemporaries) believed a gun must only be employed as a last resort. Even at the O.K. Corral shootout, Earp and his brother Virgil attempted to talk the Clantons and McLaurys into handing over their pistols before all hell broke loose on October 26, 1881. Despite the lawman’s misgivings about employing his weapon, three men lay dead on Tombstone, Arizona’s Fremont Street when the incident was over, ensuring Earp’s “reputation” as a fast-gun. Though as Earp later explained: “I don’t think 30 seconds should sum up a man’s whole life.” The iconic Westerner would have preferred to be remembered for his 100-plus earlier gunfights in which only one man died, and this by accident. When Earp passed away on January 16, 1929, Hollywood myth places young Duke as one of his pallbearers. Shortly after, Wayne got his Western movie break. First came the 1930 sound epic The Big Trail, a box-office disaster and potential career-killer. However, Wayne survived by starring in low-budget items for Poverty Row studios, and by the decade’s end, Ford rescued his protégé from B-movie purgatory by casting Wayne in Stagecoach (1939), a critically acclaimed, financially successful big Western. From then on, Duke placed on the A-list. Throughout his career, whether he was working in cheaply produced program-pictures or in Cinemascope extravaganzas, Wayne never forgot what he learned from Earp and insisted on embodying the man’s code of honor on-screen. For example, while filming The Shootist in 1975, Wayne noticed that in the rough cut, his character, dying gunfighter John Book, appeared to shoot an opponent in the back. Wayne requested that the sequence be re-edited. Never before, he explained to director Don Siegel, had Wayne shot a man in the back, this in deference to Earp. Earp’s code influenced Wayne in other roles as well. Even during the deadly gunplay at the O.K. Corral, Earp refused to gun down Ike Clanton when the outlaw leader raised his hands, insisting he was unarmed. And Earp would not fire on that arch-enemy as Clanton ran away. Likewise, in Rio Bravo (1959), Wayne, playing sheriff John T. Chance, says: “Man gets shot and he’s got a gun, there’s room for reasonable doubt. Man gets shot that hasn’t got a gun, what would you call it?” By implication, he answers his own question: Murder. As historian Gary L. Roberts wrote of Earp: “He lived his life according to a code that seemed right to him.” That holds true for Wayne’s characters as well. Here’s where the tall tale ends. After all, the greatest Wayne/Ford Western produced—The Searchers (1956)—contains a sequence in which Duke’s character, Ethan Edwards, does in fact gun down a fleeing would-be robber. All of the above at once becomes an opened can of worms. The reality of Wayne’s relationship with Earp is less romantic—though no less interesting—than the legend. Truth be told, Wayne wasn’t a pallbearer at Earp’s funeral (though two silent stars, Tom Mix and William S. Hart, were). In fact, Earp never even appeared in a movie (though other living remnants of the West—lawman William Tilghman and outlaw Al Jennings—did). Rather, Earp took a side seat on movie sets, recounting old-time incidents for Ford during the shooting of Mother Machree (1928), a non-Western. Wayne, who here made his screen debut in a bit part, wasn’t even present when Earp explained to Ford that the O.K. Corral gunfight hadn’t been the slam-bang bullet-fest popularized by myth and media, but rather an orchestrated battle, executed with military-like strategy. (Nearly two decades later, Ford employed that approach to his staging of the incident in My Darling Clementine (1946). Intriguingly, Ford chose Henry Fonda, not Wayne, to play Earp in the film. Why? We’ll never know, as Ford took that secret with him to the grave, much to Wayne’s consternation.) Bottom line: Earp and Wayne never met. Anything Wayne knew about the real Earp came to him secondhand from Ford during their 25-year working relationship. Their encounter is only a charming Hollywood fable. Nonetheless, Earp and Wayne did share several qualities. Both were, in fact, natives of the North: Earp was born in Illinois, Wayne in Iowa. Each, in his own time, made his way west to California. As well, Wayne—on-screen as John Chance—and Wyatt Earp, Easterners so far as Arizona locals were concerned, found themselves drawn into a deadly conflict with the reigning cattlemen and the cowboys working as their hired hands. Chance, like the man he may have been based on, was dedicated to taming, not enabling, the wildness of the West. In our collective unconscious, fans tend to recall Wayne playing John Law in film after film—testament to how powerfully he resonates in that role. However, before Rio Bravo, Wayne never enacted a lawman in an A-Western (though he did pin on a star in several 1930s grade-Z junk movies). And, however serendipitous, the Earp connection at once emerged. The reasons: In Blue Steel (1934), Duke’s youthful marshal was mentored by an old-timer (George “Gabby” Hayes) while cleaning up a nasty town, just as a young Earp was by Sheriff Whitney in Ellsworth, Kan., circa 1872. The Big Stampede (1932) depicts Wayne’s lawman as recruiting and reforming a bad man who then joins the cause against other outlaws; Earp managed such a trope when he enlisted former enemy Ben Thompson as an uneasy ally. In The Star Packer (1934), Wayne’s lawman insists on hiring a Native American as his full-fledged deputy owing to the man’s tracking abilities; Earp is believed to have been the first marshal to over-ride Anglo prejudices in Wichita and Dodge by doing precisely that. Wayne playing a lawman, however, is the exception in his cinematic career. More often, Wayne was cast as an outlaw or outsider, such as in Somewhere in Sonora (1933), Sagebrush Trail (1933), Paradise Canyon (1935), and almost a dozen others. Even in the triumphant Stagecoach, he’s the righteous outlaw Ringo, on the run from the law. The same holds true for Wayne in Ford’s The Searchers and Hawks’ El Dorado, if in time Duke would return to lawman roles, most notably in True Grit (1969). Initially, Duke’s plethora of bandit roles seemingly severs the Wayne-Earp connection. In truth, it reinforces a parallel between Wayne’s evolving screen persona and the flesh-and-blood man who served as role model. For if their face-to-face meeting is mythic, the truth is that Wayne did have Earp in mind not only when he played roles where he donned the badge, but also in those where he was on the run. In most of the 25-plus movies that depict Earp, the story begins on that day when our hero accepted his first job as a trail town deputy. Only Wyatt Earp (1994), starring Kevin Costner and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, reveals the truth, the whole truth. Earp did not leave his family in Illinois to seek excitement on the fabled frontier. He ran away from home after the sudden passing of his first wife. The self-pitying widower then degenerated into a life of crime. His arrest record includes citations for petty theft and whoremongering. Earp, like so many others, went West in hopes of being born again—discovering the righteous life he had abandoned while temporarily embracing (as George Lucas might put it) The Dark Side. How perfect, then, that John Wayne, as the cinematic stand-in for Earp, likewise portrayed many wandering gunmen, Hondo (1953) prime among them. Almost always, his character would be a seemingly bad man harboring an inner decency just waiting to be rekindled (particularly by some good woman). One film, Angel and the Badman (1947), addresses that process in its narrative. In that film, Wayne as gunfighter Quirt Evans learns from a benign religious leader: “Each human being has an integrity that can be hurt only by the act of that same human being.” The message: Don’t blame others, or circumstances, for your lowly lot in life. Take individual responsibility for your previous actions and your subsequent self-recreation. That’s what Earp believed. Wayne, too. Wayne’s great films, from Stagecoach to Angel and the Badman to The Searchers to Rio Bravo, depict (however unawares filmmakers behind each project may have been) a transition for Wayne’s on-screen icon from wanted man to lawman. And, fittingly, the journey directly parallels Wyatt Earp’s. Respectability didn’t come easily to the saddle tramp. As Wayne’s Tom Dunson in Red River (1948) would say: He earned it. Just as Wayne’s anti-heroes do in their films. However much the old movies may have insisted there were the Good Guys and the Bad Guys, most Westerners, like Earp in history and Wayne in his Hollywood canon, were a bit of both. Johnny Ringo, who had a reputation for violence, briefly served as a lawman. Wild Bill Hickok, town marshal of Abilene, had been pursued by the law after shooting down two members of the Seventh Cavalry in a saloon. One of the strongest recommendations for the job of lawman was a previous reputation as a gun-slick. Would-be troublemakers, hearing such a fellow’s handle, stayed away from any place where that onetime bandit wore a badge. Nowhere is this situation so strikingly depicted than in The Shootist, partly explaining why the film (Wayne’s last) serves as a perfect bookend to his career. In the prologue, a youngster (Ron Howard) sums up the title character’s life. When the boy speaks of the old days, John Book’s early years as an outlaw are depicted via a choice clip from Hondo. As the narrator then recalls Book’s later term as town marshal, we see (not surprisingly) a key moment from Rio Bravo. A landmark film, and not just because it was Wayne’s final Western, The Shootist is the genre-piece that most perfectly captures a paradigm that holds true for both John Wayne’s movie career and Wyatt Earp’s reality: While there were no clear-cut Good Guys and Bad Guys, any one person (or character) may have played either part at certain moments in his journey. In a transitional film—a medium-budget Republic release called The Dark Command (1940)—Wayne portrayed a Kansas lawman who must arrest the young brother of the woman that he loves. In anguish, the young love interest asks how he could do this. Duke drawls: “I took an oath.” That’s that: the Code of the West, pure and simple. Perhaps it was historically true for Wyatt Earp. Clearly, it’s the moral principle on which John Wayne’s mythical lawman hero operates. Douglas Brode is the author of more than 40 books on film including John Wayne’s Way: Life Lessons from the Duke.
Painted and embroidered snowflake mugrug 8" x 10" mug rug. Stonehenge fabric embroidered in silver thread with a snowflake pattern. The snowflakes are then painted with pearlescent paint with fabric medium to make them colorfast. Then heatset to make them permanent. The mug rug has heat resistant batting and a small pocket for a tea spoon (included). Makes a great present for a co-worker or friend. I can do custom work as well, please contact me for more details on your personlized order. Free shipping within US. First Item: $ 0.00 Additional Items: $ 0.00 littlesewflake has not yet received any comments from shoppers.
2019 Mini Twins Stereo Microphone Wireless Earbuds for All Smart Phone Line Length: : None With Microphone: : Yes Wireless Type: : bluetooth Plug Type: : Wireless Function: : For Mobile Phone,HiFi Headphone,For iPod,Sport Connectors: : USB Style: : In-Ear Communication: : Wireless Support Memory Card: : No Is wireless: : Yes Brand Name: Egreat Volume Control: Yes Control Button: : Yes Function: : Microphone, Wireless Headphone, Portable, Bluetooth Time to market: : 2019 Color: : BLACK / WHITE Bluetooth Version: : V5.0 |Frequency||2.4GHz, Class 2| |Battery (Lithium Polymer)||50mAh for earphone; 500mAh for charging casing| |LED Indicator||Red Green Blue| |Charging connector||YES/ pogopin| |Charging box output voltage||DC 5V 1A| |Material of Earphone||PC| ●We do not accept any no reason to refund. ●All returned items must be in the original packaging and you must provide us with the shipping tracking number,specific reason for the return and you dhgate id. ●We won't refund full if the item is damaged in delivery due to some objective matter.But we can accept a partial refund for compensating the damaged part. ●If the product has quality problems ,you can take pictures to us.When we confirm it,we will give you a satisactory answer and refund you the damaged part. ●Please see the above terms after making an order.
Verizon Communications Inc. said Tuesday it has committed to a three-year minimum purchase agreement with Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW) to provide fiber optic cable and associated hardware for Verizon to ensure critical coverage and capacity for its nationwide wireless broadband network. The agreement calls for Corning to provide and Verizon to purchase up to 20 million kilometers (12.4 million miles) of optical fiber each year from 2018 through 2020, with a minimum purchase commitment of $1.05 billion, said Verizon. The communications company has been reinventing its network architecture around a next-generation fiber platform that will support all of its businesses. This new architecture is designed to improve Verizon’s 4G LTE coverage, speed the deployment of 5G, and deliver high-speed broadband to homes and businesses of all sizes. “Corning’s unique combination of capabilities delivers solutions that provide us with performance and cost advantages as we continue to expand our network coverage and capacity,” said Roger Gurnani, Verizon’s chief information and technology architect.
CONTACT US TODAY We are driven by customer satisfaction and on time performance. We hold ourselves accountable to customer metrics for on time pickup, dwell, on time delivery, load integrity and efficiency. 6800 Broadway Ave, Jacksonville, FL, 32254 We are ready to take your call! Email email@example.com today! 1626 Power Lane, Albany, GA, 31705 1465 Alamance Church Rd, Greensboro, NC, 27406 2601 South Verity Parkway, Middletown,OH, 45044
Janod Confetti Musical Table - About Product Product code : JND-TOY91 Musical table made up of a xylophone, a cymbal and a drum. Includes 2 mallets. Red, yellow, green, orange... Confetti is a complete line of musical toys featuring Pop N'' Rock designs! Confetti awakens all of the senses and introduces the youngest musicians to the joys of musical improvisation. - Table houses xylophone, a cymbal and a drum - Includes a pair of mallets to create music - Table made of plywood - Delivered not assembled - Suitable from 12 months+
CURB-SIDE PICK-UP IS AVAILABLE AT LADY J +1 An easy summer top you can throw on with any shorts or pants and feel the breeze all day! The MIMOSA top has ruffle sleeves and is made of 100% lyocell printed fabric all prints are specific to Eve Gravel and are made in-house. This top has a boxy and loose fit to it, hits just above the hip in length front slit detail Model is wearing a size small material is Lyocell Made In Canada
meer as opgewonde - meer as opgewonde Adjective(1) unduly excited (1) overexcite :: onrustig maak English to Afrikaans Dictionary: overexcited Meaning and definitions of overexcited, translation in Afrikaans language for overexcited with similar and opposite words. Also find spoken pronunciation of overexcited in Afrikaans and in English language. Tags for the entry "overexcited" What overexcited means in Afrikaans, overexcited meaning in Afrikaans, overexcited definition, examples and pronunciation of overexcited in Afrikaans language.
Daboliv is an excellent liver tonic which tones up the liver’s echo texture and improves appetite and indigestion. 'Liver' is a piller of our health & our Metabolism. Make it strong to remain strong. |Sarpankha Ext.||75 mg||Bhringraj||200 mg| |Daruhaldi Ext.||75 mg||Punarnava||200 mg| |Patol Ext.||75 gm||Sarpankha||200 mg| |Mandur Bhasma||75 mg||Kariyatu||200 mg| |Punarnava Ext.||50 mg||Bhoiamali||100 mg| |Katuki Ext.||50 mg||Katuki||100 mg| |Bhringraj Ext.||50 mg||Chitrakmool||100 mg| |Vidang Ext.||25 mg||Kalimirch||100 mg| |Bhoiamali Ext.||25 mg||Giloi||100 mg| |Gulabphool Flavoured syrup||50 mg Sarpankha, Kariyatu & Bhoiamali Ext. :- These three herbs are best in cirrhosis of liver. They remove toxins by regularizing liver function. Daruhaldi Ext. & Patol Ext. :- These two herbs are pitta-nashak and blood purifier. They help in smooth recovery in jaundice and hepatitis. They improve liver and Gall bladder function. Mandur Bhasma :- It is one of the best liver medicines as it increases hemoglobin and avoids jaundice by controlling the breakdown of the red blood cells. Punarnava Ext. :- It helps in flushing urinary tract and diminishes edema from all over the body. It promotes good functioning of liver and gall bladder. Katuki Ext.: Bhringraj Ext. and Vidang Ext. :- All these three herbs work efficiently in toning up liver function and control biliary disorder. Chitrakmool :- It is “Agnideepak” and stimulates enzymes actively. This helps in digestion. Kalimirch, Giloi :- These two herbs are digestive and remove acidic reaction in the body by controlling pitta & stimulate the function of liver. Indrajav, Nishoth :- These two herbs are carminative, digestive and work as smooth laxative. Dhania, Gulabphool :- These two herbs are appetizer, digestive and add flavors. - In Cirrhosis of liver - In Chronic Hepatic disorder - In Anemia - In Dyspepsia - In Malnutrition Syndrome Capsules : 2 Capsules twice a day after meal with water. Syrup : 2 ml to 5 ml twice a day with water Capsules : 30, 60 & 500 Capsules Syrup : 200 ml & 450 ml
The Internet Archive Canada asked Lila Bailey to report on the policy landscape for digital libraries in Canada. This is a summary of her report: Looking good. On September 30th, the Canadian National Institute for the Blind transferred accessible books in audio format to Australia through the book service of the Accessible Books Consortium (ABC). This transfer occurred without the legal obligation to request permission from the copyright owners. This effort was made possible by the Marrakesh Treaty, which creates exceptions in copyright law for the print-disabled. As we previously noted, Canada was the 20th signatory to the treaty, triggering it to enter into force. Canada has made great strides towards increasing access to human knowledge in recent years. Judicial and legislative developments have brought balance into the law, ushering in more opportunities for public access and use of copyright protected works. And now, with the Marrakesh Treaty entering into effect, it seems a good a time to highlight Canada’s contributions to the world’s accessible digital heritage. Our sister organization, Internet Archive Canada, has digitized more than 530,000 books, microreproductions, archival fonds, and maps. Libraries and institutions that have collaborated with, financially supported, and contributed material to IAC stretch across the entire country, from Memorial University in Newfoundland to University of Victoria in British Columbia. Internet Archive Canada has been working on accessibility projects, and has digitized more than 10,000 texts in partnership with the Accessible Content E-Portal. To date, this material has only been available to students and scholars within Ontario’s university system. Joining the Marrakesh Treaty now makes it possible for accessible versions of works to be shared more broadly within Canada, and with the other countries that have ratified the treaty. Canadiana is another group that has helped to advance access to knowledge in Canada. Initially created by Canadian Universities in 1978 to microform National Library collections, Canadiana has more recently worked to digitize Canadian heritage with a focus mainly on public domain printed materials. The University of Toronto Library has also developed full-text digital collections, primarily consisting of public domain materials. These special collections contain a wide variety of items, including over 200,000 books, over 600 archived versions of local government websites, Canadian pamphlets and broadsides, and a fine art repository among many other materials. Similarly, the University of Alberta has developed an open access digital portal called Peel’s Prairie Provinces – a collection containing both an online bibliography of books, pamphlets and other materials related to the settlement and development of the Canadian West, as well as a searchable full-text collection of digital version of many of these materials. The portal allows access to a diverse collection that includes approximately 7,500 digitized books, over 66,000 newspaper issues, 16,000 postcards and 1,000 maps. The above are just a few examples of Canadian efforts to bring analog materials into digital form to allow increased access to knowledge. Many more such projects can be found via the Canadian National Digital Heritage Index (CNDHI). Supported by funding from Library and Archives Canada and the Canadian Research Knowledge Network, CNDHI is designed to increase awareness of, and access to digital heritage collections in Canada, to support the academic research enterprise and to facilitate information sharing within the Canadian documentary heritage community. These digitization activities have made significant strides towards opening access to human knowledge in Canada, however, to date, these efforts have been piecemeal. In June of 2016, Library and Archives Canada (LAC) announced a National Heritage Digitization Strategy in order “to bring Canada’s cultural and scientific heritage into the digital era to ensure that we continue to understand the past and document the present as guides to future action.” The goal of the strategy is to provide a cohesive path toward the digitization of Canadian memory institutions’ collections, thus ensuring the institutions remain relevant in the digital age by making their collections easily accessible. LAC wishes to compliment the current efforts of Canadian memory institutions such as those described above by ensuring that a national plan of action is in place. The public policy landscape in Canada has been generally supportive of access to knowledge efforts. For example, the Canadian Supreme Court has interpreted certain legal provisions, called “fair dealing,” as expansive user rights that cannot be unduly constrained. In a case called CCH Canadian Ltd. v. Law Society of Upper Canada, the Court held that it was fair dealing for the Great Library of Canada to make photocopies of court decisions on behalf of attorneys. In Alberta v. Access Copyright, the Supreme Court held that is fair dealing for teachers to copy short excerpts of copyrighted works for students in their classes. The Court found that such copying was done for the acceptable purpose of research and private study because, as a user right, the relevant perspective from which to consider the purpose was the user/student whose research and private study was furthered by the teacher’s copying. The court also held that the “amount of the dealing” factor should not be assessed in the aggregate. Instead, the court must look at the amount of the work in proportion to the length of the whole works. In SOCAN v. Bell Canada, the Supreme Court reaffirmed the principles articulated in the Access Copyright case. Here, the Court held that a commercial platform allowing users to stream 30-second preview clips of musical works before they decided whether to purchase the work was also considered fair dealing for the purpose of research. The Court reiterated that the purpose must be assessed from the perspective of the user and not the commercial entity that was trying to sell the music. In each of these cases, the Supreme Court of Canada acknowledged fair dealing as the exercise of users’ rights that must be broadly interpreted. As a result of these decisions, many Canadian educational institutions developed reasonable fair dealing guidelines which provide educators with a set of criteria for determining whether a particular instance of copying requires permission, or whether it is protected by fair dealing. For example, the University of Toronto’s Fair Dealing Guidelines provide a step-by-step analysis of whether a given use of a copyright protected work may be fair dealing, as well as a few more specific guidelines about what constitutes fair dealing, allowing more uses of copyrighted works without permission. Additionally, the Canadian legislature passed the Copyright Modernization Act (CMA). The CMA added several important user-oriented provisions, including the addition of education, parody, and satire as acceptable fair dealing purposes. Taken together with the recent Supreme Court decisions discussed above, Canadian law now allows quite a bit more flexibility in using copyrighted works without permission. The CMA allows private individuals to do more with copyright protected works without legal liability. For example, the CMA created the so-called “YouTube exception” which allows for non-commercial sharing of user-generated content that contains copyrighted material. The provision is designed to permit activity that many ordinary Internet users engage in regularly, such as creating mashups, or using a popular song in the background of a personal home video. This provision is subject to conditions (i.e., identification of the source and author, legality of the original work or the copy used, and absence of a substantial adverse effect on the exploitation of the original work). A series of additional provisions protect consumers from liability for other “ordinary activities that are commonly accepted,” but which had previously remained illegal under Canadian copyright law. For example, the CMA now permits format shifting of personal copies of works, such as transferring a song from CD to an MP3 player. Similarly, the CMA permits time shifting of copyrighted materials for later listening, reading or viewing. Finally, the law permits individuals to make backup copies of copyrighted works, provided that, among other things, the individual does not give any of the reproductions away to others. However, each of these expansions of user-rights to permit format-shifting, time-shifting, and the creation of backup copies are all subject to the condition that the creation of the reproduction not circumvent a “technological protection measure.” As such, they may not be as user-friendly in practice as they may appear on paper. The CMA also expanded the use rights of libraries, museums, and archives. For example, the law now allows libraries, museums, and archives to format shift a work in its permanent collection if the original is in a format that is obsolete or the technology required to use the original is unavailable or is becoming unavailable. Further, libraries, museums, and archives can distribute certain materials digitally, provided that they take certain measures to protect the copyright owner’s rights. There is a similar allowance for unpublished works deposited in archives. The CMA also allows the use of publicly accessible online materials for educational purposes, provided that the source and author are attributed, and unless the works are protected by “digital locks.” The CMA also revised the statutory damages provisions in a user-friendly manner. The law now distinguishes between commercial from non-commercial infringements for the purposes of statutory damages awards. Specifically, where the “infringements are for non-commercial purposes”, the court may order between $100 and $5,000 in damages “with respect to all infringements involved in the proceedings for all works.” In other words, statutory damages in a proceeding for non-commercial infringement are now limited to $5,000, no matter how many works were infringed. Furthermore, in exercising its discretion to award statutory damages for non-commercial infringements, the court is to consider “the need for an award [of damages] to be proportionate to the infringements, in consideration of the hardship the award may cause to the defendant, whether the infringement was for private purposes or not, and the impact of the infringements on the plaintiff.” These recent developments in Canadian law, in conjunction with its ratification of the Marrakesh Treaty, make the landscape ripe for further expansions of digital access to knowledge in the future. Internet Archive Canada will be exploring opportunities for partnerships and projects to bring Canada digital and help the nation to become an international leader in access to knowledge.
On Tuesday night, President Obama will deliver the final State of the Union address of his presidency, complete with all the pomp and circumstance that goes along with the big annual speech. And in addition to all the typical sights and sounds ― the long, glad-handing entrance, the applause lines, the stingers directed at the other party, the cutaways to the audience and such ― one post-address tradition will fall to South Carolina's Republican governor. But hos can you see it? What channel is Nikki Haley's State of the Union rebuttal on? You might have seen one of these post-SOTU responses before. They happen every year, and they're often seen as a valuable moment in the national spotlight for ascendant members of the party in opposition to that which holds the White House. It hasn't always played out that way in practice, however. Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal's stilted, much-ridiculed performance in 2009 is probably exhibit A. Marco Rubio's attempt in 2013 was certainly stronger on rhetoric, though it did give America its first glimpse of his "water thing." But Haley is clearly in prime position within her party at the moment. She's the youngest governor in the United States, is solidly popular in her state, and has generated buzz as a potential vice presidential pick. In other words, if you're not that familiar with her, you might want to change that come Tuesday night. Luckily, her speech won't be hard to find. While any Republican (or any politician, for that matter) can stage their own State of the Union response ― you might remember Michele Bachmann's ill-fated Tea Party response in 2011 ― this is the official one. As such, it'll be on numerous channels after the conclusion of the president's address. CNN, NBC, ABC, and CBS will all carry Haley's speech, so if there are any technical difficulties that keep you from watching it on one of those channels, you can always flip over to another! C-SPAN will also be airing the proceedings, and they're a very good bet for reliable, to-the-point political coverage. Unfortunately, it's not quite as simple to determine when Haley will be on. That depends on how long the president's address takes, as well as the long stretch of time it takes him to enter and depart from the House floor. Considering that this is his last go-around with the SOTU, he might get tied up with even more handshaking and well-wishing than usual. If the lengths of his previous addresses are any indication, though, it'll probably run a little over an hour, meaning you should expect Haley's response sometime in the realm of 10:00 p.m. ET.
"This experience is amazing. The staff and Dr herself are all prompt and professional. It feels great to have a one on one experience and service. I have never experienced such a service that was tailored to me. Everything was perfect." Teang, Y. Jacksonville, FL "My experience with Dr. Nadji & staff has been fabulous. I had to have major work done and they made everything convenient for me. My wait time was never long and my procedures were always done quick and right. Dr. Nadji was always gentle with my care and made sure I was always comfortable, cause I'm not an easy person to please. I would recommend anyone to Dr. Nadji if you want to be healthy and smile better." Katina S. Jacksonville, Florida
We've reported about what's wrong in the secrecy around BP's payments to Kenneth Feinberg and his law firm, which is doling out compensation for BP's devastating oil spill in the Gulf. Monday, though, the Center for Justice and Democracy got deep into the guts of the matter. In a letter to the CEO of BP, it lays out all the pressures on claimants and the risks of the structure of the three-year payout. The gist of it: victims are pressured to take payouts now and sign releases absolving every possible culprit of liability. And the private payouts to Feinberg and Co. could be structured to intensify the pressure. Here's the whole thing: December 6, 2010 Mr. Robert Dudley, Chief Executive Officer BP p.l.c. 1 St. James’s Square London SW1Y 4PD United Kingdom VIA FACSIMILE: 44 (0)20 7496 4630 Dear Mr. Dudley: We are contacting you today because of serious new issues raised about the lack of transparency and potential conflicts of interest related to the administration of the Gulf Coast Claims Facility (GCCF). As a national public interest organization that works to protect the civil justice system, we are concerned about how these issues could impact the integrity of the process for the victims of the BP Gulf Coast oil disaster as the final settlement process moves forward. First, we should note that the integrity of the final process is already marred by several issues. For example, even though the long-term effects of the disaster on businesses and communities will not be known for several years, potential claimants were warned by Mr. Feinberg that the longer they wait to accept a lump sum final payment, the less money they may get. This kind of “advice,” which could lead to undue pressure on businesses to settle low before they have any idea what they may need to survive, smacks of anti-claimant bias and raises very serious questions as to why he would say this now. Second, Mr. Feinberg, employed by BP, has decided on his own authority that all claims recipients must release all companies who caused this disaster from any and all legal responsibility, no matter how grossly negligent they were. This sweeping release, which assigns victims’ claims to BP, benefits only one actor: BP – the company that happens to pay Mr. Feinberg’s salary. Aside from the impact on victims, who must give up all legal rights before they know what damages they may have, weakening the legal accountability of culpable companies in this way could have grave ramifications for the future health and safety of the Gulf and elsewhere. That this is being required by an attorney representing and compensated by BP who directly engages victims outside of the presence of their own counsel is ethically and morally distressing. Already of concern is the fact that the claims adjudication process is private, lacking any judicial supervision, with the terms and protocols arrived at privately. In light of these and other well-known concerns about the claims process, the need for transparency about potential conflicts of interests by Mr. Feinberg and his team of lawyers and subcontractors, all of whom are being paid by BP, is all the more urgent. Yet full disclosure remains severely lacking. Despite repeated calls for the release of documents establishing the formal relationship between BP and Feinberg Rozen, as well as its subcontractors who are reviewing and adjudicating claims, almost nothing has been publicly released. And now we learn, as reported by Reuters on November 22, 2010, that BP and Feinberg Rozen consider their arrangement “verbal,” i.e., they have not committed to writing the firm’s compensation arrangement so there can be no public examination of it. Is the public to believe that there is no paper evidence at all documenting a $10 million per year financial arrangement between BP and Feinberg Rozen? What about the contracts between BP, Feinberg Rozen and the subcontractors who are advising and adjudicating claims and also being paid directly by BP? Surely these contracts must be in writing and released. This failure to release the terms of all these financial arrangements under circumstances of tremendous historic and public significance is simply unacceptable. As Stephen Gillers, an ethics professor at New York University School of Law said, “Although strictly speaking, claimants are private and BP is private and Feinberg Rozen is private, this situation has public interest and concern written all over it...In fact, it’s hard to imagine a private compensation scheme that is as imbued with the public interest as this one.” What we do know is that Feinberg Rozen has been given an extremely lucrative contract. Reuters noted: The [October 7, 2010] report by former [George W. Bush] Attorney General Michael Mukasey, now a partner with Debevoise & Plimpton, said that BP was paying Feinberg’s six-lawyer Washington, D.C., firm, Feinberg Rozen, a flat fee of $850,000 a month for labor and overhead costs, under an agreement expected to last through the end of the year. During a three-and-a-half month period from June to October, the report said, Feinberg and three other lawyers spent about 2,777 hours on the project, which would amount to an average hourly rate of about $1,000 per hour if the firm were being paid on an hourly basis. There is much we still do not know. For example, Mukasey recommended that the parties “agree to revisit the issue [of monthly fee payments] at intervals of 4 months or some other fixed period.” Mr. Feinberg, on the other hand, told Reuters that “he had a three-year agreement with BP ‘for the life of the GCCF (Gulf Coast Claims Facility) totally unrelated to whether we process 1,000 claims or one claim.’” Does this mean BP will pay him $850,000 per month for three years irrespective of the firm’s workload? Or, if he has accepted Mukasey’s recommendation, will BP and Feinberg Rozen disclose information related to any renegotiations over this fee? If BP and Feinberg Rozen agree to reduce payment to the firm over time, there is suddenly a troublesome financial motive for the firm to slow down claims processing. Mukasey pointed this out in his report arguing against an hourly fee because “charging for hours could lead to suggestions that delays in claims review are motivated by compensation concerns.” The slower the fund distributes payments, the more desperate victims get; the more desperate they get, the more likely they will agree to smaller amounts. Alternatively, if the firm’s fee drops as more claims are processed, the same conflict of interest arises. At the very least, these issues must be disclosed and publicly examined. Moreover, we still do not know how much Mr. Feinberg is being paid personally. This information must also be released. What’s more, the financial arrangements with subcontractors, like Garden City and BrownGreer, who are conducting claims review and adjudication, are even more secretive. As Mukasey described it, “[T]he costs of these subcontractors are not covered by the flat fee to the Firm, but are passed through dollar for dollar to BP.” In other words, just as with Feinberg Rozen, BP pays for the subcontractors who in turn directly engage victims outside of the presence of their own counsel. Again, there are real ethical concerns raised by this practice. At a minimum, all contracts, documents and communications related to the financial arrangements between BP, Feinberg Rozen and the subcontracted firms that are dependent on BP for this work must be disclosed. It is in this context that we call on BP and Mr. Feinberg to come clean, live up to the promise of transparency that was issued when the fund was created and make clear exactly how much Mr. Feinberg is being paid by BP personally. In addition, we ask for the release of all documents detailing the nature of the Feinberg Rozen-BP relationship, as well as the financial arrangements between Feinberg Rozen, BP and the subcontracted firms. As all parties acknowledge, this is an unprecedented situation. Mr. Feinberg’s role as the acting attorney for BP, through which Mr. Feinberg is directly engaging unrepresented victims while receiving in excess of $10 million a year from BP, is troublesome to say the least. BP and Mr. Feinberg need to allay these concerns by making fully public all documents pertaining to their formal relationship, including each and every compensation arrangement related to the administration of the GCCF. Thank you very much for your consideration. Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions. Joanne Doroshow Executive Director
Khabib “The Eagle” Nurmagomedov is the current UFC lightweight champion, winning the title back in 2018 by defeating Al IaQuinta via unanimous decision. He holds a record of 28 wins and 0 losses, thus making it the longest undefeated streak in MMA. He has defended the title on multiple occasions, defeating some of the biggest names in the process. His first defense was against Conor Mcgregor at UFC 229, one of UFC’s most decorated fighters, a fight which he won in the fourth round via submission. This was a heavily built fight that was made even more famous due to the post-match attack on McGregor’s teammate, Dillion Danis, by Khabib, resulting in a brawl between the two teams. The event would go on to be the most viewed event in history. Khabib’s following defenses came against Dustin Poirier on UFC 242 and a scrapped fight against Tony Ferguson which was supposed to be held at UFC 249. He is currently scheduled to defend his title against Justin Gaethje on Oct 24th at UFC 254. The biggest threat to his title With all this hype, Khabib’s coach Javier Mendez feels that his upcoming opponent is NOT his most difficult. He believes that this particular honor should go to “the notorious one”. He went on to say, “Right now I rank Justin Gaethje second, behind Conor in the opponents Khabib has had. But, I could be wrong on that, he could be more dangerous than Conor. Conor’s precision striking, to me he’s the best striker ever in the Lightweight division. Gaethje with his wrestling, he creates big problems. Justin’s power, his guts, he’s coming to fight, he’s not running from you. If you’re not fighting him you can’t win against him. I am only ranking him number two due to the unknown. If we can take him down, he won’t be number one, Conor is. But, what if we can’t take him down? Then, obviously, he takes that number one spot.” Will the eagle reign supreme in his fight or will he get his wings clipped? Only time will tell.
You need to understand your debts in order to deal with them properly. You need to prioritise your debts, figure out what you owe and to whom and work out how much you can afford to pay towards these debts. This means you'll need a good understanding of your financial situation and setting yourself a household budget. Stay in regular contact with your lender and try to negotiate a solution. Every option is worth exploring if it means keeping your home, so make sure you go over all your options either with the lender or with an independent adviser.
Paris is one of the most appealing and exquisite places on this planet for its world-famous beauty. Fascinated by the eye-catching and heavenly beauty, tourists from different corners of the world converge here to enjoy the beauty of Paris. So, I can assure you that Paris is one of the best places to travel to. Paris remains famous for love. Especially, a lot of romantic couples come to Paris to enjoy the dazzling beauty with their partners. Perhaps for these reasons, Paris is called ‘The Capital of Romance’. Before visiting a place it is better to be informed of the nicety’s information about a place. Paris is also no exception. Moreover, Paris is so overwhelmed with the different beauty of art, literature, culture, and many other fields that you might not keep pace with these emblems if you are not properly aware in advance. One of the reasons why Paris has been famous in the world for centuries is because of its world-famous and captivating places such as The Eiffel Tower, Louvre Museum, Versailles, Champs-Elysees, and many other conspicuous places. France’s famous cuisines, art museums, perfumeries, and varieties of fine wines have also brought France worldwide fame. Let’s check it out. I do hope, this writing will enlighten you to clear your concept before making a memorable trip to Paris. Uncloak the golden history of Paris: The city of light It is quite better to know some of the early histories of any place before visiting it as it helps to know the steps of the prosperity of the place which plays a helpful role in visiting the place. This will also work in the case of Paris, it is one of the best places to go. Paris has a rich history of thousands of years. At the very beginning of your trip to Paris, it would be better to know the early historical emergence of Paris, which will guide you to walk in a proper way of your cherished vacation places in Paris. Paris is located in the heart of the ‘Ile-de-France’ region on the bank of the ‘Seine’ river. Focusing on history, we can know that a Celtic sub-tribe named ‘The Parsii’ populated Paris from around the middle of the 3rd century BC. The name ‘Paris’ is also derived from this tribe. The Romans managed to subdue the ‘Paris Basin’ in 52 BC and settled in the Left Bank of Paris. Everybody called this Roman town ‘Lutetia’. This buoyant city was well equipped with a forum, baths, temples, theatres, and an ‘Amphitheatre’.The city became known as ‘Parisius’ after the end of the Roman Empire, a Latin word that was later changed to the French word ‘Paris’. The first king of the ‘Meravingian dynasty’ named ‘Clovis the Frank’ forged this city his capital from 508. When the Frankish domination of Gaul began, there was a progressive immoderation by the ‘Franks’ to Paris and the Parisian ‘Francien’ dialects were born. The ‘Sacking by Vikings’ in 845, ‘siege of Paris’ (885-86) by ‘Odo of France’, ‘Capetian dynasty’ came to the scene after by after. Thus Paris gradually became the largest and most prosperous city in France. Reasonable reasons for traveling to Paris – Is it worthy and safe? Nothing can be said for sure about anything in the world, this also applies to travel. Good luck and bad luck always go hand in hand. However, it is safe to say that it would not be wrong for you to decide to go to Paris. Former US president Thomas Jefferson once quoted, “A walk about Paris will provide lessons in history, beauty and in the point of life.” Nobility, tradition, and captivating beauty are scattered all over the streets of Paris which are enough to delight any tourist. Paris is one of the most advantageous and well-liked travel destinations in the world for its staggering architecture, its affluence of art, and its superb gastronomy that will leave you feeling blissful. Paris is called ‘The city of light ‘.The Eiffel Tower, the famous café culture, the Louvre, Notredame, the Moulin Rouge, pastries, fashion, seine river unitedly make Paris one of the most desired and enthralling tourist cities in the world. I hope your trip to Paris will not go in vain. When to go to Paris The best time of year to travel to Paris for your excursion From Eiffel Tower to Palace Versailles, Paris is well known for its gorgeous architecture and elegant Paris. When planning an outing to Paris, the most asked questions is inclined to be when is the best time to visit Paris. You can travel to Paris at any time in any season you want to. The best time to visit Paris is from April to June and October to early November because the weather is favorable and satisfying then. The visitor mobs minor than summer. You can get the best vacation packages in the summer. If you want to know when is the cheapest time for traveling, I will recommend you to go early December, January, and February. Paris, the city of light has the infamy of frequent rainfall. If you visit Paris, you can see there is rainfall around the year but May is the rainiest month for sure. So try to avoid May visiting Paris. If you want to know what is the cheapest month to fly, I suggest you fly in March. What to do in Paris as the best places to travel? If you are visiting Paris, there are a bunch of things you cannot miss in the city of love. If this is your very first time to Paris, you will presumably want to disburse some time at the popular, world-class Eiffel Tower, The Louvre museum, and last but not the least Notre Dame. Besides these places, you should not miss out on other significant city glories such as Luxembourg garden, the Musee d’Orsay, Palase of Versailles, etc. There is no possible way you will get to do all things in only one single you. There are many kinds of stuff to do and see such as neighborhood scouring, museum visiting, go for shopping, Opera attending, exploring local cuisine, and what not? Eiffel Tower – Eiffel Tower is one of the most renowned places in the world that attracts visitors from all over the world like a magnet. The Eiffel tower itself symbolizes Paris and France. This tower is named after ‘Gustave Eiffel’ whose company built this tower. After visiting Paris, you can relish the Eiffel Tower light show. Eiffel Tower fetches magical charms to the city of light at night. Eiffel Tower light show is a public exhibition that ensues every day from the sunset to 1 am ( 2 am when it is summer). You have to appreciate the light show. The tower twinkles for 5 minutes every hour. You will be amazed by sparkles. Clamps-Elyses – Have you ever heard the name of a street named clamp Elyses? I guess you have heard it already because Clamp Elyses is one of the most recognizable streets in the world. It is visited each day by nearly 300,000 people, who come to applaud its sublime monuments, enjoy a shopping spree, or get caught up in the excitement of the major festive events that are organized here. This is a truly lovely venue. You can enjoy a walk there. From the top of it, you can enjoy one of the best impressions of Paris. Louvre Museum – Your Paris trip will remain unfulfilled if you don’t visit Louvre. Louvre is the largest art museum in the world and a historical monument in Paris. Approximately 38 thousand objects from prehistory to the 21st century are exhibited over an area of 72,735 square meters. Last year about 9.6 million visitors visited the Louvre making it ‘the most visited museum in the world’.So don’t forget to keep a footstep there. Luxembourg Garden – Your heart will bounce in enjoyment if you get a chance of playing outdoor games in the Luxembourg garden. It is one of the popular holiday destinations in Paris. You should visit there to get an eco-friendly garden to play. You can play petanque as there is a petanque court. The tremendous outdoor activity meanders up in what was once the elegant background of French Queen with a leisure initiation to a French ball game that is known as petanque. There is also a tennis court in the Luxembourg garden. Montmartre – Montmartre is a large hill in Paris’s 18th arrondissement. Montmartre is primarily known for its artistic history, the white-domed Basilica of the Sacre-Couer on its summit and as a nightclub district. You can explore the best French foods in Montmartre. You will cherish alleviating into distinctive French atmosphere into the restaurants in Montmartre offer delicious foods. You can find a lot of comparatively reasonable restaurants in Montmartre. Palace of Versailles – The Château de Versailles is the most notable castle in France. It was built in the 17th century as a symbol of the military power of France and as a demonstration of French supremacy in Europe, Versailles was the seat of political power in the Kingdom of France from 1682 to 1789. This huge complex of buildings, gardens, and terraces is a must for any visitor who will be captivated by exceptional accommodations, lavish decorations, furniture, and gilded works of Renaissance art. So it is a must to visit Versailles. You will start by the State Apartments and the famous Hall of Mirrors, the Queen’s chamber. Do not forget to stroll through the famous French gardens. Cathedral Notre – Dame de Paris: This is one of the most persisting emblems of Paris. It is considered one of the greatest examples of French Gothic architecture in France. Seine River – Seine is one of the most beautiful and charming rivers in the world. It is located on the bank of this river. Whenever you make a trip to Paris, don’t forget to take a boat trip On Seine river A boat trip on the seine river is a lifetime achievement I must say. You can see many of Paris’s popular tourist spots by boat. No matter how much shorter your Paris trip is, you should make space on a boat trip on the Seine. Moulin Rouge – It is a famous cabaret in Paris. Moulin Rouge is best known as the birthplace of the modern form of the can-can dance. It is a distinct dance culture in France. Tourists all over the world gather here enchanting dance programs in Moulin rouge. Naturally, there is a tremendous pressure of visitors at the time of dance fests. So if you want to enjoy, confirm your booking first. Cafes: Paris is world-famous for its café culture. You will find a lot of cafés all over Paris. These are not only for eating and drinking. These cafés are also the epicenters of French art, culture, and literature. From these café, you can have nice views of the city. You can enjoy a special tea in any rooftop cafe and enjoy the views of the city. Opera National de Paris – You can also have a tour of the Opera national de Paris. Booking your seat for opera is one of the best things to do in Paris. Each year Paris opera presents more than 350 opera performances. You should plan your excursion on your term and explore the most attractive tourist destinations or book the travel guides from the best tourism websites to save your time in planning. Outdoor Concert – Paris is like a heaven to the music lovers. You can enjoy listening to music not only in concert halls but also in many parks. Many music festivals and concerts await tourists in Paris. Paris Ballet Show – Go for Paris ballet which is the eldest ballet company in the world. Every year a huge number of tourists gather here to enjoy the ballet show. French Bistro Meal – You must taste a French bistro meal in a cafe beside the Seine. Paris is known as one of the best shopping destinations in the world Paris is popularly known for offering its visitors or locals with countless shopping centers. Paris is also known as the capital of fashion. Paris is a great place that is filled with large shopping malls, renowned big brands, and many more. If you are a fashion and style enthusiast, Paris is the right place for you. Shopping tourism is quite popular in Paris. If you are a shopaholic, then Paris will offer many opportunities for you to shop. From high-end bags to shoes and fancy clothing to fashion and style accessories, one can get everything that s/he needs. In this article, I will try to recommend to you the most famous shopping malls. Before making a plan to go shopping in Paris just have a glance at the names. - Les Galeries LaFayette 40 Boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France - Rue Beaugrenelle Where – 16 Rue Linois, 75015 Paris, France - Le Bon Marche Where – 24 Rue de Sevres, 75007 Paris, France - Forum des Halles Where – 101 Porte Berger, 75001, Paris - Le Halles Where – Les Halles, Paris, France - So Ouest Where – 31 Rue d’Alsace, 92300 Levallois-Perret, France Where – 30 Rue des Buisssons, 95700 Roissy-en-France, France - Italie Deux Where – 30 Avenue d’Italie, 75013 Paris, France - Le Printemps Haussmann Where – 64 Boulevard Haussmann, 75009, Paris, France. - Usine Center Avenue de la Plaine de France, 95500 Gonesse - Les4 Temps & le CNIT 2 parvis de la Defense 92092, Paris, France. - La Vallee village 3 Cour de la Garonne, 77700 Serris, Paris, France Some traditional French food that you have to taste in your Paris trip You have roamed around the places of Paris a lot. But tell me how long it would be good to stay on an empty stomach? You can not stay hungry for a long time. When you smell the French food, your appetite will increase 10 times more than before. Paris is best known for having some of the best foods around the world. French cuisine is filled with unique ingredients and flavor. Here is a list of traditional French food you must eat while visiting Paris. - Poulet Basquaise ( Basque style chicken) - Mouclade Charentaise (Charente Mouclade0 - Galettes Bretonnes (Breton Buckwheat Pancakes) - Fondue Savoyarde (Cheese Fondue) - Blanquette de Veau (Veal Blanquette) - Hachis Parmentier (Cottage pie) - Cuisses de Grenouilles (Frog Legs) - Soupe a l’Oignon (Onion Soup) - Boeuf Bourguignon (Beef stew) - Sole meuniere - Buche de Noel (Yule log) - Magret de Canard (Duck breast meat) - Chausson aux Pommes - Cassoulet ( Duck and bean stew) - Gigot D’agneau pleureur Best restaurants where you can find the best French cuisines Paris is home to many world-famous restaurants. You can find more than 50 thousand restaurants in Paris. Many of the Parisian restaurants sell authentic traditional French food items. Visiting restaurants are one of the best family vacation ideas. You may not know that in the last few years, Paris has reclaimed its title as the best food capital in the world. In today’s article, you will get to know about some popular places where you can get the right taste of French food. - Les Arlots - PHO Belleville - Les Enfants du Marche - Les Saveurs de I’Orient - Pur’ – Jean-Francois Rouquette - Le Baratin Where to stay in Paris – The best budget places to stay Paris is one of the most visited places in the world. It is quite expensive to stay in Paris as it is one of the most important capitals in the world. The expense of staying in Paris is much loftier than the average place. But you can cut down on your concession cost by staying in some comparatively reasonable hotels. There are sufficient budget-friendly and medium-priced hotels spewed all over the city. I suggest some best budget places where you can stay. - Modern Hotel Montmarte - Hotel St Louis Pigalle - Hotel Jeanne d’Arc - Hotel du Champ de Mars - Best western plus hotel Litteraire Marcel Ayme - Yooma urban lodge - Vintage Paris Gare du Nord by Hiphophostels - IBIS Paris Montmarte - Hotel du College de France - Holiday Inn Paris Gare de I’Est How to travel around Paris both affordably and efficiently Paris blasters one of the most efficient and safest transport systems in the world. Exploring Paris on foot may be the best way to excavate the City of love. But you also have to use public transport if you have not that much time-wasting on walking. You can find a range of transport in every corner of the street. The Paris metro is one of the symbols of it. You can also use buses, taxis too. RER is the easiest mode of public transport. - Metro – The Paris metro system is one of the simplest and most sophisticated subway systems on the earth. It is claimed to be the 2nd busiest metro system in Europe after Moscow, Russia. The Paris metro has 16 lines that connect the underground of the city. These lines are also linked with 5 RER lines. There are around three hundred metro stations. Service hour – From 5.30 am to 12.40 am (Sunday to Thursday) And 5.30 am to 1.40 am (Friday to Sunday). Every 2-3 mins intervals Fare – A single ticket prices 1.90 Euros, and a carnet of 10 tickets coast – 16.90 Euros. - Public buses – Public buses of Paris provide a super-fast transport service. Getting around Paris by bus is one of the cheapest ways. Taking a bus is a great choice to travel around the entire city. Buses are a more pleasant and convenient means of Paris’s transportation. You can use the same ticket that you bought for the Paris metro. You should keep one thing in mind that the bus service is limited on Sunday and in the evening. Service hour – From 6.30 am to 8.30 pm. Bus fare – 2 Euros per ticket - Taxis – You can use a taxi because finding taxis are super easy because there are more than 20 thousand taxis in Paris. You can find taxi stands all over the city. But before hailing a taxi, you have to know the rules. You can hire one if you see the light of the taxi is bright. But if it is dim, you can’t hail them because dim light means it is already occupied. Taxi is a cheap and convenient way to get around. You can travel to most of the best vacation spots by taxi. Service hour – 24 hours Taxi fare – 15 Euros to 20 Euros (For a 20 mins taxi ride) - RER – RER started its journey from 1961. Rer is a kind of suburban rail line that moves further outside the city. This commuter rail network is also known as the Reseau Express Regional. RER provides rapid transit within the city. Service hour – From 5.15 am to 12.30 am (Every 2 to 4 min) RER fare – 1.90 Euros to 12 Euros Some of the best unusual places to go to Paris, France Museum of vampires and legendary creatures Opening time – 10 am to 8 pm Entry fee – Free Address – 14 Rue Jules David, 93260, Paris, France Catacombes de Paris Opening time – From 10 am to 8.30 pm (Tuesday to Sunday) Entry fee – 13 Euros (Full rate) 11 Euros (Reduced rate) Address – 1 Avenue du Colonel Henri Rol Tanguy Opening time – From 1 pm to 7 pm ( Saturday to Friday) Entry fee – 3 Euros (For Child) 6 Euros (For Adult) Opening time – From 1 pm to 8 pm (Tuesday to Sunday) Entry fee – Free Address – 59 Rue de Rivoli, 1st district, Paris The Ateliers des Lumieres Opening time – From 10 am to 6 pm (Every Sunday to Thursday) Entry fee – 9.50 Euros – For youth (5 yrs to 25 yrs) 14.50 Euros – For adults 13.50 Euros – For senior citizens Address – 38 Rue St Maur, 11th district, Paris The Maison Deyrolle Opening time – 10 am to 7 pm Entry fee – Free Address – 46 rue du Bac, 75007 Paris France The Lucha Libre Opening time – 5 pm to 2 am Entry fee – Free Address – 10 Rue de la Montagne Sainte Genevieve, 5th district, Paris Opening time – 11 am, Daily Entry fee – 15 Euros Address – 32, Rue du 4 septembre, 2nd district, Paris Flamme de la Liberte Monument Opening time – 24 hrs Entry fee – Free Address – pres du Pon de I’Alma, 75008, Paris, Ile de France The best beaches in Paris where you can go for a refreshment Paris is claimed to be one of the most gorgeous and stunning cities in the world. It is also the most beautiful city around the planet. Paris offers a bunch of historical sites. Paris is also known as a very famous honeymoon destination for couples. Besides the historical buildings, statue, museums, shopping malls, Paris has much more to offer. Do you want to go out to the beach on your vacation in Paris? There are a lot of beaches you can go to. Paris pledge is a famous beach to enjoy sunbathe and sightseeing. Some amazing beaches attract visitors who come all around the world. The blue waters, warm sand, and fresh air are all the vacation vibes that a beach lover needs. If you are in Paris, you should visit the best of turquoise waters. You can find one of the best cruise packages on these beaches. - Les Calanques de Cassis - Deauville Beach - Bay of Mont St Michel - Prado beaches - Plage de la cote des Basques The best waterfalls in Paris that you would be mad to skip Among the beautiful creations of nature on the planet, waterfalls are one of them. Waterfall attracts its visitors by the diversified sounds of water and stunning natural scenery. You can find some beautiful waterfalls in Paris. Not only the waterfalls but also the surrounding places are full of enchanting beauties in Paris. - Ban Goic waterfall - Le Parc des Buttes Chaumont - Cascade du Bois De Boulogne - Cascade du Sautadet - Cascade de la Lance The top famous festivals in Paris you will want to attend - Fete de la Musique When to visit – 21st June in every year Where to visit – In Paris’s streets and squares - Fete des Vendanges When to visit – Mid October in every year Where to visit – The west flank, Montmarte Hill - Fete Nationale (The Bastille day of Paris) When to visit – Annually, 14th of July Where to visit – Place de la Bastille - Festival Mondial du Cirque de Demain When to visit – Late January in every year Where to visit – Pelouse de Reuily, west end of the Vincennes Woods - Salon du Chocolat(Paris Chocolate show) When to visit – End of October in every year Where to visit – Palais des Congres de Paris, Place de la Porte Maillot - The Paris Fringe Festival When to visit – Annually Where to visit – Many theaters in Paris - Marathon de Paris When to visit – April in every year Where to visit – Avenue des Champs-Elysees
Ag briefs: Dairy processing grants available Wisconsin processors: apply for DATCP Dairy Processing Grants Wisconsin dairy processors are invited to apply for DATCP Dairy Processor Grants. The grants are intended to foster innovation, improve profitability and sustain the long-term viability of Wisconsin’s dairy processing facilities. Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection (DATCP) is accepting proposals through April 13, 2018. “The demand for quality Wisconsin dairy products continues to grow around the world,” said Kathy Schmitt, director of DATCP’s Agriculture and Food Center. “To meet the demand, dairy processors need to be innovative, efficient and adaptable. They need to be able to meet a number of regulatory requirements. These grants are designed to help them do so.” The Dairy Processor Grant is customizable for each processor and can be used to hire consultants to address a wide range of business needs including food safety, staff training or modernization. Eligible applicants must operate a licensed dairy processing plant located in Wisconsin which is engaged in pasteurizing, processing or manufacturing milk or dairy products. Recipients will be chosen through a competitive selection process. A total grant up to $50,000 is available per dairy processor per year. The dairy processor is required to provide a match of at least 20 percent of the grant amount. Find application materials at datcp.wi.gov/Pages/Growing_WI/DairyDevelopment.aspx. Contact Juli Speck at 608-224-5134 or juli.speck@Wisconsin.gov for additional questions. Milk price down in Wisconsin, other reporting states The Wisconsin all milk price for January 2018 was $16.30 per hundredweight (cwt) according to the latest USDA, National Agricultural Statistics Service — Agricultural Prices report. This was $1.50 lower than last month’s price and $3.00 lower than last January’s price. The U.S. all milk price for January was $16.10 per cwt, 20 cents lower than Wisconsin’s price and $1.10 lower than last month’s U.S. price. All of the 23 major milk producing states had a lower price when compared with December. Decreases ranged from 50 cents in Kansas to $1.60 in Idaho. Michigan had the lowest price of the 23 reporting states at $14.90 per cwt. The Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) 40‐pound block cheese price closed at $1.5300 per pound on Feb. 27, while barrels were $1.4700 per pound. The CME butter price was $2.1825 per pound. For the week ending Feb. 17, 2018, the Agricultural Marketing Service U.S. weekly 40‐pound block cheese price averaged $1.5273 per pound, and 500 pound barrels adjusted to 38 percent moisture averaged $1.3874 per pound. The U.S. butter price was $2.0702 per pound. Compeer approves return of $188 million to member-owners Compeer Financial, formerly Badgerland Financial, 1st Farm Credit Services and AgStar Financial Services, and its Board of Directors announced the recently merged cooperative has approved $118.6 million in patronage be returned to almost 39,000 patronage-eligible member-owners. Of the $118.6 million returned, more than $43.1 million was distributed back to nearly 11,000 Wisconsin member-owners in the 49 Wisconsin counties Compeer Financial serves. “Compeer Financial is committed to our cooperative model and the value it brings to our member-owners,” said Rod Hebrink, President and Chief Executive Officer of Compeer Financial. “One of the most important cooperative benefits is our patronage program. As a newly merged organization, this payment represents the first installment on the commitment made to our member-owners to redeem the patronage allocations made by the organizations that are now Compeer Financial.” “Our member-owners use these funds to reinvest into their farms and businesses, directly impacting local and state economies. In a year of change, we want to reiterate our commitment to championing agriculture and the rural communities we call home,” added Hebrink. Wisconsin cheese production shows increase from last year Of the 1.08 billion pounds of cheese produced in the United States in 2018, Wisconsin accounted for 283,924 compared to 289,844 in December 2017 and 276,197 in January 2017, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture National Agricultural Statistics Service. Italian cheese topped the list for Wisconsin with 143,814 pounds of Italian types of cheese made in January 2018, down from December 2017, but up 2.1 percent from January 2017. Mozzarella production was up 1.5 percent from January 2017 when 91,765 pounds were made compared to 93,100 pounds produced in January 2018. Cheddar cheese production in the state dropped from December 2017 when 62,884 pounds were produced compared to 60,100 in January 2018, but increased from January 2017 when 59,499 pounds of cheddar were produced. ST. PAUL, MN Remaining deer at Winona County farm found to have disease The Minnesota Board of Animal Health has released updated results on a Winona County deer farm where chronic wasting disease was discovered in November. The board says in a release that the last seven remaining white-tailed deer harvested at the farm were found to have the disease. Samples from deer that the producer had moved from the farm to a Winona city park did not show the disease. The board is working with the owner to clean and decontaminate the enclosure that contained the deer. The board says it is monitoring one other farmed deer herd in the state, in Crow Wing County. That herd is quarantined and being tested for the disease. Chronic wasting disease is fatal to deer and elk, and there are no known treatments or vaccines.
Title: Bittersweet Moments(Moments in Time #3) Author: Dori Lavelle Genre: Contemporary Romance Release Date: April 30, 2014 Can the embers of an old life ignite the flames of a new love? Six years ago, Melisa Bergfeld’s husband died. As the grief of losing him tore into her, she lost his last gift to her—their unborn child—and her hopes and dreams turned to ashes. Left with a life she no longer wants, she seeks salvation in a homeless shelter. For a while, that’s more than enough. But when a fire breaks out, in walks the man who will try to save her life—if she’ll let him. Florian “Heat” Dane has left behind a trail of broken hearts in his wake, including pieces of his own. For all the girls he’s used to fill the hole in his heart, there has been just one he could never erase from his memories. But when Melisa married his best friend Scott Bergfeld, he knew she would never be his the way she’d been the one unforgettable night they spent together. Now that she’s back in his life, he will do anything to recapture her heart, even if it means giving away his own. Heat still has the power to ignite passion in Melisa, something she both desires and rejects. He’s a known heartbreaker, and if there is one thing Melisa doesn’t need, it’s another crack in her heart. But when he confesses his love for her, she fears her secrets from the past will surface. And she might be the one to break his heart this time. About The Author Dori Lavelle, is a mother, wife, and a sucker for happy-ever-afters and mint chocolate. Give her a great romance novel and a mug of hot chocolate and she’d be one happy woman. Growing up, Dori read a lot, and when she wasn’t happy with a particular ending, she wrote a different one, just for herself. Before long, she was writing stories when she should have been doing homework. The time has come for her to share the stories she cooks up in her head. Heat placed the flowers on an empty table next to the bed and lowered himself into the only chair in the room. “How are you feeling?” “I’m fine. Just a few burns.” The pain was more bearable now that it was muted by the bandages. He shook his head and the same stubborn lock of his hair brushed across his forehead. “That’s not what the nurse told me. You got some serious burns on your arm.” “You talked to the nurse about me?” Should she be offended or touched? “I was concerned.” “How can you be concerned about someone you haven’t seen in years?” Heat narrowed his eyes. “Whose fault is that? You were not only my best friend’s wife—we were friends… then you disappeared without a trace. What were you thinking, living in a shelter, when you could have come to me for help?” A vein throbbed in his jaw. “I’m not your responsibility. I never was. I’m a grown woman. I can do whatever it is I want.” “Looks like you still have your stubborn streak. Well, it won’t get me off your back. Right now, I’m making you my responsibility. You clearly need help if you’re sleeping in a shelter. And as your friend, I’d like to help.” Anger coursed through Melisa’s body. Not necessarily directed toward him, but at the situation. The fire and seeing Heat brought back memories she’d worked hard to repress, and those memories were making it difficult to be grateful. “I was doing fine all by myself, thank you.” She turned her head to the window. “Can you even afford to pay your medical bills?” Melisa looked down at the bed and said nothing. “That’s what I thought.” Heat’s eyes were the color of thunderclouds as he stood. “You stay in here as long as you have to. I’ll handle it.” He paused, his dark gaze piercing the distance between them. “And when you leave this place, you’ll move in with me until you get back on your feet.” Before Melisa could respond, Heat marched out of the room to handle it, leaving her staring at the door, seething with rage. She felt like throwing something. Maybe the vase of roses?
Explore the Mind–Body Connection Through Massage Therapy Book yourself a healing massage What better way to compliment your retreat and truly relax? It is important to acknowledge the physical impact that stress has on our body. Even if we don’t feel particularly stressed, the rush of our every day lives still leaves a toll on the body. However, massage therapy can reduce the effects of stress by removing aches and pains. At Happy Buddha Retreats we offer a variety of massage styles for our guests to enjoy, including the following: Depending on your retreat date and the therapist availability, one or all styles may be available. Remedial Massage is the assessment and treatment of the muscles, tendons, ligaments and connective tissues of the body. This massage therapy assists in rehabilitation, pain and injury management. Swedish massage is gentler than deep tissue massage. Therefore, it is better suited for people interested in relaxation and tension relief. Massage Therapy Prices Massages are $110 for the hour. This must be paid in cash to your massage therapist at the time of your massage. Sorry we do not have card facilities and we do not offer health fund rebates. What to expect Massage therapy times are allocated during free time or meals . If your massage is during your meal, don’t worry – your food will be ready, waiting once you’re finished. Simply book your massage with the friendly crew on your arrival at the retreat. Don’t wait too long to book as space is limited! Unfortunately, we’re unable to take bookings prior to your retreat. At the time of your massage, make your way upstairs towards the massage room where you’ll find a comfortable sofa for waiting. Take a moment to close your eyes and notice the calming silence that Happy Buddha has to offer. With the soothing smell of essential oils in the air, enjoy the next hour of healing and relaxation.
Mondays – Thursdays: 8:00 am – 8:00 pm Fridays: 8:00 am – 6:00 pm Saturdays: 8:00 am – 4:00 pm Hair Design for Women Hair Design for Men |Hair Types Specialized In||Curly Hair, Extensions, Coloring| |Accepts Credit Cards||Yes| |Accepts Apple Pay||No| |Good for Kids||Yes| |By Appointment Only||No| |Gender Neutral Restrooms||Yes| Salon 356 aims to provide a positive salon experience to their clients with professionalism and compassion personal creative touch. Their passion drives their desire to serve their valued clients what they deserve. With extensive experience in hair care, their clients can get what they deserve – quality hair care with a personal touch. They make sure that everyone who walks through their doors goes out with a big smile on their faces. Sign in to your accountLost password?
On 25th March 2018 we held our annual Prince & Princess selection afternoon and a fun time was had by all. A massive congratulations to our Bower Prince Layton Sheerin and our Bower Princess Caitlin George along with their deputies Harry Davey and Beau Brooke Hindmasrsh. The committee would also like Simons Disco for providing the entertainment and Kate Buxton Photography for taking the pictures. More pictures will be uploaded to our website in due course. Thank you also to the judges Mark Warfield, Chairman of Lichfield District Council, David Laytham, Deputy Mayor and his lady Jan.
Nothing related to missing airman Corrie McKeague has been found after a 10 week search of a landfill site in Cambridgeshire, according to his mother. Nicola Urquhart, 47, says that the Milton landfill search has been expanded to the entrance of the cell where they were initially searching for the 23-year-old, which is believed to end this week. Corrie has been missing after a night out in Bury St Edmunds on September 24. He was last seen on CCTV walking to a refuse area behind Greggs off Brentgovel Street. Posting on the Find Corrie Page, Mrs Urquhart said: "Suffolk Police finished searching the landfill cell last week. This week they are searching the entrance to the cell and it's believed this will be completed this week. "Although small items such as phones have been found, we have been told that nothing that relates to Corrie has been found. "There has been a small amount of Greggs rubbish, but as its just branded paper bags and cardboard boxes. Apparently none of that can be time dated or its original location confirmed. So it's not known which shop or where it came from. Rubbish has been found from the Bury St Edmunds area and from the month of September 2016. "Like all of you, we helplessly sit and wait for this area in the search to be completed." So far the search has seen police sift through around 3,000 tonnes of rubbish after an error was discovered with the weight of a bin lorry that left the area where Corrie disappeared. It emerged the waste, taken to Milton landfill, weighed 100kg after police were initially told it was just 11kg. Police say they are confident they will find Corrie at the landfill site.
This is an exclusive development of detached villas, located in the southern Costa Blanca town of Benijófar. The two-storey properties comprise of two double bedrooms (both with fitted wardrobes), two bathrooms, integrated modern fully-fitted kitchen and open-plan living/dining area, leading to a covered terrace and private garden, with the space to have a private pool installed (additional cost). The spacious rooftop solarium is accessed via the master bedroom and offers magnificent views across the countryside and towards the mountains. 2 Key ready villas with pool included price 204900€! This info given here is subject to errors and do not form part of any contract. The offer can be changed or withdrawn without notice. Prices do not include purchase costs.
Cape Cod Aim Trip This missions trip will work alongside of The Bridge outreach ministries in Onset, Massachusetts which is considered the “Gateway to the Cape”. The mission of The Bridge exists to facilitate short-term missions trips by connecting churches, pastors, businesses, youth and young adults to great missions opportunities in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. As a destination location Onset hosts thousands of people from around the world every summer. It is a unique opportunity to reach people, serve, and share the good news of the Gospel. Each year we bring in teams throughout the summer to serve in the community of Onset, as well as other communities on the Cape including Carver and Plymouth. Missions teams have the opportunity to work with the Teen Challenge Bloom Home for Girls, The Boys and Girls Club of Warham, as well as other civic organizations as needs rise. Teams will participate in projects for other churches in the area as well including Crossraods Carver Church, Grace Chapel in Wellfleet, and Faith Assembly in Hyannis. Depending on the needs teams will participate in VBS, work projects, homeless meal outreaches, and various other projects for the churches involved.
The food & beverage department oversees all food service operations at the OKC Fairgrounds. It is responsible for concession stands in the buildings, the Capital City Cafe and all in-house catering events provided by Impact Catering. Impact Catering has years of knowledge to bring you the best culinary experience for your event. It can accommodate any and all needs for your event, from plated dining to buffet style. The catering menu is just a basic guide of the more popular items, but our executive chef and catering team are happy to help create a custom menu that fits your taste and budget. The Buffet Style option feeds 5,000 guests. There is also a large selection of appetizers and desserts for you to choose from. Our plated service is always tailored to your liking.
CRIF Big Data Analytics is an international knowledge center supported by different Data Management Factories: in Europe (according to GDPR) and around the world. The platform (also available to clients) is characterized by high scalability and state-of-the-art technology in data crunching and machine learning. Leveraging on data science, business and data protection skills, CRIF is able to maximize the value of data, at the same time ensuring innovation and full compliance with personal data protection and security standards. CRIF’s Enterprise APPs enable business users to easily leverage big data and advanced analytics to change everyday decisions and boost business performances in Sales & Marketing, Credit and Operations. CRIF enables businesses competing in the information era to reduce costs and lift revenues by using industry specific and innovative enterprise APPs based on its Advanced & Big Data Analytics Platform. Each APP is a full blown solution from data to predictive analytics to decisioning of a specific business issue that CRIF tackles providing configurable software products and consultancy to create an industrialized solution integrated with legacy and operational systems. Having over 25 years of experience in Predictive Analytics and Big Data with customers in 50 countries, CRIF has developed best practices for decision management that help our clients maximizing benefits from insights and decision support solutions.
Advice, graphics, images, videos, and information contained on Pew Pew Tactical is presented for general educational and information purposes only. It is not intended to be legal, medical or other expert advice or services, and should not be used in place of consultation with appropriate professionals such as gunsmiths or lawyers. The information contained in this site is to be used at your own risk based on your own judgement. You assume full responsibility and liability for your own actions. The author(s) of this blog has not independently verified the accuracy of the data contained on this site. Failure to follow safe practices could result in severe personal injury (including death) or gun damage to the user or bystanders. Technical data and information contained herein are intended to provide information based upon the limited experience of individuals under specific conditions and circumstances. They do not detail the comprehensive training, procedures, techniques and safety precautions that are absolutely necessary to properly carry on similar activity. Always consult comprehensive reference manuals and bulletins for details of proper training requirements, procedures, techniques and safety precautions before attempting any similar activity. Pew Pew Media Inc. (www.pewpewtactical.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Alpha XR. Pew Pew Media Inc. is also a participant in other affiliate advertising programs. When a reader clicks on an affiliate link on site (www.pewpewtactical.com) to purchase an item, the reader buys the item directly from the seller (not from Pew Pew Media, Inc.). Amazon and/or other companies pay Pew Pew Media, Inc. a small commission or other compensation for promoting their products or websites through their affiliate program. Prices are exactly the same for you if you purchase through an affiliate link or non-affiliate link. You will not pay more by clicking through to the link. Note: We only recommend products that we use ourselves and would recommend to our own shooting buddies. Your purchase helps support our work in bringing you awesome gun and gear articles. – Eric Hung & Team Last edited 11.25.2016
Born and raised in a tiny Midwestern town in southern Illinois, Ashley has jumped all over the map doing what she loves most. She went to Murray State University in Kentucky for her undergraduate program. Ashley was determined that she wanted to be a dramaturg when she grew up with her love of history and theatre. But, it was after a friend asked her to stage manage his senior directing project where she was introduced to this new position. It was love at first cue. From there she focused on technical theatre classes and stage managed shows whenever available. She graduated from MSU with a double major in both theatre and history and graduated Magna Cum Laude. While at MSU she also took a two week course held in London and Dublin for theatre and studied in Germany for 5 weeks learning the language while living with a host family. Also, for the summers of 2005 and 2006, she stage managed at Stagedoor Manor in upstate New York. Graduate school was next on the docket. Ashley was accepted into the University of California – Irvine’s M.F.A. program for Stage Management for Theatre. Ashley moved to southern California in the fall of 2006 to start classes. While in school, she was also fortunate enough to be tasked with a graduate assistantship. Responsibilities ranged from keeping track of receipts for the costume shop and production shop, managing the checking in and out of props in the prop shop, house managing music events, managing the front desk in the production office, and eventually co-teaching Drama 50E: Introduction to Stage Management. Also while at graduate school, Ashley began to freelance whenever there was an opening in her schedule. This not only allowed her to gain valuable experiences thru opportunities all throughout the LA and Orange County areas but also validated her passion for the craft.. Ashley completed her M.F.A. in 2009, graduated Summa Cum Laude and is excited to be doing what she loves most to this day.
While Bella Hadid’s recent Instagram has some followers speculating that sister Gigi Hadid's baby with Zayn Malik may have, in fact, already arrived, Gigi herself is content with posting throwback pregnancy selfies—for now. The model took to Instagram on Thursday to share a series of four snaps featuring a trademark mane of rumpled blonde hair coupled with a growing baby bump and preternaturally luminous skin. “From about 27 wks […] time flew," Hadid captioned the post, the statement punctuated by a wide-eyed emoji and a blue heart emoji. An idyllic, bucolic scene—horse and all—served as a backdrop to the quartet of captures, Hadid's glowing complexion framed by golden blonde waves, her lengths topped with a cream-colored bucket hat. Whether the share represents a loving ode to the process or a subtle hint of a recently birthed babe remains to be seen, but one thing is certain: Motherhood looks good on Hadid.
When A Death Occurs When a death occurs, the order in which things need to be done often depends on where the death occurred. But, one thing should always be remembered: your heightened emotional state upon the death of a loved one. That's why we suggest that you ask a friend for help - someone who is more able to think clearly, and give you the support you need. At Home or at Work When a death occurs at home or in the workplace, a family member or co-worker should contact emergency personnel and the person's physician if he or she was under a doctor's care. If the death occurs at home with family or friends present, and the person is under a physician's care, the family will want to call us directly. However, if the death occurs in a residence and no one is there at the time of death, the police will need to be notified and respond to the residence before the deceased is removed from their home. If in any case you are not sure of who to notify or what to do, you may call (479) 667-4147, and we'll assist you in notifying the proper agencies. While Under Supervised Care When a death occurs in a care facility, such as a hospital or nursing home, the professional staff will notify you and the necessary authorities. If the name of the funeral home has been left with them, the institution will notify the funeral home at the time of the death. The funeral director will contact you immediately following their notification to help you proceed. (However, we suggest you contact the funeral home immediately, so you've got the reassurance you need that all is taken care of properly.) If a loved one was in the care of a hospice program, a hospice representative will give family members instructions and procedures to follow. The coroner/medical examiner will be notified by hospice. Following their release the hospice will contact the funeral home. It is always a good idea for the family to contact us immediately so that we will be aware of the pending call from hospice. Widening the Circle Our staff members are experienced professionals who can provide much of the information you need, emotional support and compassionate guidance. While you may ask the director any questions at this time, you will be able to discuss the arrangements in detail later when you meet in person. During this initial call, the funeral director will gather information to be able to transport your loved one to the funeral home. The funeral director may ask you several questions, including whether your loved one made any pre-arrangements. The director will also schedule a date and time for you to meet at the funeral home and will let you know what you should bring with you. Others you will need to call are: - Family members and friends - Clergy or other spiritual advisors Those Important Questions If there is no pre-plan in place, there are several other questions that you may have to have answered in regards to the death of your loved one: - Do I have to have embalming? - Do I need to purchase a casket? - What about cemetery arrangements? - Does the family have to engage the services of a minister? - What type of service should we have? By contacting our staff, we'll be able to help answer your questions and assist in making the appropriate plans. You can reach us at (479) 667-4147. However, as we’ve said before, one of the best ways to make sure that all of your questions and desires are taken care of is to make pre-arrangements. This is as simple as outlining your wishes to having all of the details written down and the financial arrangements prepaid. Please contact one of our staff at (479) 667-4147 to learn more about pre-arrangement. What to Expect When You Arrive at the Funeral Home One of the first things the funeral arranger will do is to provide you with our general price list. He or she will then guide you through the entire arrangement process, explaining how you can create a memorable personal celebration of your loved one's life. This is not a one-way conversation; we want to hear your ideas and desires, and use them as the foundation for the arrangement process. This process may include: - Preparing and filing the official death certificate - Scheduling the location, date and time of services or events - Selecting a casket, urn or other items - Preparing an obituary notice - Scheduling vehicles - Selecting pallbearers You may also sign necessary authorizations or make arrangements to have them signed by the appropriate family members. We’d like you to bring any photos, a favorite song, or memorabilia so that you and your funeral arranger can better discuss how you would like your loved one to be remembered. Having these things, and knowing their favorite song or favorite gathering place – even their favorite activity – will help us create a truly fitting memorial service. Our funeral arrangers will assist you in planning a loving tribute that captures the spirit of the person whose life you wish to honor. To learn more about personalizing the service, please read the Honoring Life section of this Web site. The funeral arranger will discuss personalization with you during your arrangement conference. The following checklist will help you remember what information about the decedent and items will be needed when meeting with a funeral arranger. - Full legal name- Home address - Social Security number - Date of birth - Place of birth - Father's name - Mother's maiden name - Veteran's discharge papers (DD-214) - Recent Photograph - Highest education - Place of burial (if applicable) - Clergy name and phone number - Survivors (name and relationship) - Insurance policies (if applicable) A staff member of Shaffer Funeral Home will be honored to explain all of the options available to you.
Kavisekhara Dr.Umar Alisha 73rd Vardhanthi Sabha (23-Jan-2018) Kavisekhara Dr.Umar Alisha – 73rd Vardhanthi Sabha held at Bheemavarm. Candle lighting by Sathguru Dr.Umar Alisha Inauguration of photo gallery by Kalipatnam Ramarao garu Dr.Veluvolu Nagarajyalakshmi, Dr.Lagadapati Sangayya , Sri Satyavolu Lalitha Krishna Prasadarao., Sathguru Dr.Umar Alisha , Kalipatnam Ramarao garu and other guests on the dais Date: Tuesday, 23-Jan-2018| Time: 2:00 pm IST Venue: Arya Vysya Varthaka Sanga Bhavanam ( Thyagaraja Bavanam), Bheemavaram – 1 Dear Philosophic Literature lovers, Kavisekhara Dr.Umar Alisha (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kavisekhara_Dr_Umar_Alisha) has been 6th head of Sri Viswa Viznana Vidya Adhyatmika Peetham from 1928 to 1945. On his name, for the last 25 years we have been organising Sahitya Sabha at Bheemavam. Memorail prize is awarded on Sri Hussain Sha’s name ( 7th head of Peetham) the first son of Kavisekhara Dr.Umar Alisha. We cordially invite all of you.
This 20cm square cake tin is great for making eye-catching alternatives to the traditional circular sponge. From the Tala Performance range of bakeware Sturdy and robust the Tala Performance range of baking and roasting kitchenware has been revolutionising the way food enthusiasts and professionals have been grilling roasting and baking their meals. Built from heavy-duty robust 1.0mm thick carbon steel with a super durable non-stick coating Tala Performance will deliver outstanding results time after time. With over 60 pieces in the range from cake tins and baking trays to roasters and pie dishes the collection is specifically designed for space saving in mind and has a ten year quality guarantee meaning you can trust these products are designed to last a lifetime. The range is designed with beautifully rolled edges to provide extra strength and making each piece rust resistant; these products resist warping or rusting. Food is released flawlessly and intact allowing you to cook with little or no added grease oil or parchment paper for healthier results. The non-stick qualities of the range is due to the superior Whitford Eclipse double layered coating which is used. Whitford are a world specialist in non-stick coatings and extensive testing and research has confirmed that the Whitford Eclipse is the very best non-stick coating available out-performing other conventional coatings. The coating is applied using the best methods and the finest state of the art non-stick spray coating facilities meaning a continuous and stable coating is used so each batch is the same. Its outstanding non-stick qualities are also completely PFOA (perfluorooctanoic acid) and BPA free. The coating gives the range a sleek glossy appearance and premium feel. The gloss finish allows food to heat evenly and makes the pieces a dream to clean. The UKs best-loved Tala Performance bakeware is tried tested and trusted by technical consultants and food technologists allowing you to buy and cook with confidence. More features: Fridge freezer and dishwasher safe Safe for use with metal utensils Heat safe up to 240 degrees Celsius All cake tins from the range are embossed with tin size to make identifying the right tin for the right recipe no problem!
When Brazilian bombshell Gisele Bündchen shows up on the catwalk or the red carpet, time stands still. Her hair – like liquid gold – Gisele’s radiant, natural complexion, and her toned, beautiful figure inspire women all over the world. Her signature style, natural beauty combined with easy elegance, is synonymous with her personal philosophy: it’s a glamorous and relaxed beauty look that works equally well at A-lister parties as out on the sands. Learn the tricks behind her magical beauty formula and create Gisele’s beauty look at home today! THE GLORIOUS – AND EASY – HAIR Get Gisele’s carelessly glamorous volume! Start with a volumising shampoo followed by a moisturising conditioner. Towel dry; apply volumising spray evenly through your hair, and comb through before blow-drying (don’t forget to use a heat-protective spray!). Bend forwards and scrunch a little mousse in, then throw your hair back. Instead of brushing, just finger-comb the roots. Voilà! THE RADIANT – AND NATURAL – SKIN Nude but sun-kissed – Gisele’s natural look is what we all want, but it takes a little practice. The trick is to create a lustrous complexion with a no-makeup feel. Start with a primer to create the perfect matt, velvety base; dab concealer over any little flaws and then apply a lightweight, illuminating foundation. Sweep bronzer across your cheeks and black mascara onto your top and bottom lashes. Finish the look with a clear gloss or lip balm.
A viral video on Instagram shows two women being booed on the streets of downtown Los Angeles after they dressed up as Ku Klux Klan members for Halloween. The women are seen at the beginning of the video in cone-shaped white hoods and robes like the ones worn by KKK members. One of the women wears a blood drop cross, which has been classified by the Anti-Defamation League as a hate symbol. The three-minute clip starts with a person in a green hoodie and face mask demanding the two women take off their KKK hoods. “Take it off! Take it off!” the person says while others remove the women’s hoods. Billy CEO said in the Instagram video caption that she didn’t want to be violent because that would only cause more trouble. “Unfortunately we would’ve been the ones behind bars for being Black in America and fighting the same fight out ancestry fought, we didn’t put our hands on them, we took those mask off and kindly escorted them out of LA,” she wrote. Later in the video, the two women are followed by the crowd to a smoke shop, and an argument ensues at the shop’s entrance. One of the women in a KKK costume is seen trying to engage in the conversation and tries to hug the person in the green hoodie. Later in the video, when another person asks the woman to apologize to the crowd, she appears to shake her head. According to Billy CEO’s post, the women were Mexican. Many commenters expressed their anger over the racist costumes. “As a Mexican woman I just wanna apologize for the stupidity/ignorance and shame these two brought upon us,” one user said. “What in the ENTIRE FUCK… and they’re brown congrats to y’all for not knocking they asses out cause baby listen,” wrote entertainer Kelz Washington. “Viewers are left wondering how anyone, especially Latinas, could think dressing like that was funny,” Yvette Montoya wrote of the incident on Hip Latina. “This is forever and always inappropriate and disgusting. It’s even more shocking that this would happen in LA.” The incident sparked conversations on anti-Blackness in communities of color. “We must address this anti-blackness before we proclaim POC solidarity because then shit like this happens,” Green Box Shop, an activist apparel Instagram page, wrote in a post with the video on Tuesday.
Creating a Soft-Body Cape Soft bodies might not be great for a complex garment such as a puffy shirt or a Chanel dress, but they can be employed to create simple clothing, such as a superhero cape or a simple skirt. Here's an easy way to make a cape using soft-body dynamics in Maya. First, model a simple cape out of a 12x12 NURBS plane. Adjust the vertices so that the cape hangs around the shoulders somewhat naturally. Be sure to model in a few natural folds and irregularities in the surface, which will help keep the cape looking natural when the simulation is run. Next, turn the cape into a soft body. This is done by pressing the Create Soft Body button under the Bodies menu. Bring up the dialog box and make sure that Enable Goal Weights is toggled on, which will keep each particle in place relative to the others. Add some wind to the equation. From the Fields menu, select Create Air. Move the air away from the cape and make sure that the air is blowing toward it. To make the air affect the cape, select the cape and then the air icon; pull down Connect to Field from the Connect menu. You can run the simulation by pressing the Play button. This will cause the entire cape to blow away. This is because all the vertices are weighted the same. Obviously, we need to find some way pin the cape to the shoulders. This is done by adjusting the individual goal weights of the particles so that the ones at the shoulders are rigid and the rest flap freely. Rewind the animation and then select the cape. From the attribute editor, go to the particle page. In the goalPP (goal Per Particle) field, right-click and pull up the Connection Editor. This allows us to adjust the goals on a per-particle basis. Change the selection mask to Components and Particles. Now select the particles that need to be pinned to the shoulders. Set the Component Value to 1, which will make the points rigid. Next, select the row of vertices just outside this area, and set their Component values to 0.9 (see Figure 3). Work your way out from the shoulders, adjusting the weights accordingly. For those with Maya Artisan, the Script Paint tool can be used to paint the weights as well. Figure 3 Weight the vertices in the cape so that the ones near the shoulders are stiffer. Run the animation. The cape should stay in place at the shoulders, while the rest of it flaps in the breeze (see Figure 4). You'll also probably notice that the cape is stretching quite a bit. This can be fixed by adding springs, which, as mentioned, will help maintain the volume of the cloth. Highlight the cape and, from the Bodies menu, select Create Springs. Highlight the springs from the Outliner and hide them. Figure 4 Adding some wind will make the cape flap in the breeze. Now the cape should flap convincingly. You can always go back and adjust the goal weights to fine-tune the behavior. To further refine the animation, you could add a gravity field and also make the body of the superhero a collision object so that the cape never goes through the body once the wind dies down. Rendering the animation should give a nice result (see Figure 5). Other simple garments, such as a skirt, could be created in a similar manner. Figure 5 Render the final animation. Still, for more complex garments, sophisticated cloth plug-ins are the best bet. These will certainly help make animation more life-like and convincing than ever before.
Strains and Sprains Remember P.R.I.C.E. – five simple rules to help speed up your recovery in the first 72 hours of a sprain (ligament) or strain (muscle) injury. P is for PROTECTION. Protect the injured area from sustaining any more damage. R is for REST. Allow the injury time to heal. I is for ICE. Ice should be applied to an injured area as soon as possible. Use the 10/10/10 method of ice application: 10 minutes of ice; followed by 10 minutes of rest without ice; followed by 10 minutes of ice again. Do not apply heat. Ice works to reduce pain and inflammation to your injured muscles, joints and tissues and may even slow bleeding if a tear has occurred. C is for COMPRESSION. Use a tensor bandage to wrap the injured area. When wrapping, begin at the end furthest away from the heart. E is for ELEVATION. If possible, raise the injured area above the level of the heart, especially at night, by putting a pillow under the injured area. After the first 48 hours, slowly start to use the injured area again and continue icing for another day. If you are unsure of the severity of your injury, consult a chiropractor for an evaluation.
When it comes to homeschool planning, I love creating the bird’s-eye view and then breaking it down into monthly plans. (You can find all my free planner and organizer pages here.) But here’s the snag … my kids don’t like my plans and they absolutely hate my checklists! A few years ago my youngest child had a total meltdown when I showed her an overview of the work for her new school year. My high school kid freaked out when I showed her the year plan and the book lists at the beginning of her final year. Okay – so they are not global or detailed thinkers. They are more free, creative, and spontaneous folk, and my detailed plans frustrate, frighten and freeze them. I just need to show them the week, or even just the day ahead. I have learnt to compromise. I need to plan for me first and then adjust the plans that I share with them. I often have to customize the day’s schedule so that they have a good idea of my expectations, and allow for their own choices and approach. Even young children love to feel that they have some control by choosing what they prefer to do first, next or last. Teenagers should be given this freedom of choice and learn to accept the consequences of their choices. My children think and work at a different pace to me. When things are not essential, I have learnt to let them work at their own pace. Chores that I need to be done, should be done on time, but the rest they can do so long as it is done before I go to bed. I am still learning not to drive my children crazy. Right now, our daughter is getting married at the end of this month, and guess what? I started a 6-page checklist! It even overwhelmed me and I became so stressed that I stopped. But, foolish mom that I was, I pressed on, continued, finished it and, what’s even worse, I presented it to my precious daughter-bride-to-be. Her reaction was instant STRESS and anger. My detailed plans did not help. Frustration closed all communication channels and so I went into the shower to have a good cry. You would think that I had learnt how to approach things with my children by now. I was filled with such sorrow and shame. I came back and apologised. I immediately resigned as the wedding planner. We laughed at some of my ridiculous details on my checklist, and I put the file away. Her best friend is an amazing wedding planner and is already helping her and us. Her friend knows how to translate all the practical details into an approach that my creative, romantic, visionary daughter can visualize and process. Weddings are stressful events to plan, people! That’s why you have professionals who do this type of thing! We have celebrated her upcoming wedding hosting two kitchen teas. The first kitchen tea (pictured above) was in the small town where she lives. All her bridesmaids and close friends attended. They prepared a beautiful venue and laid out a delicious spread, and we had fun with some kitchen tea activities as she unwrapped her gifts. The other more recent kitchen tea was with family and friends in our nearest town. Because I need to see things on paper, I will continue to work with the wedding plans to keep tab of things and I will act as my hubby’s PA and his admin help, keeping track of the budget and emails. But I confess that I feel completely overwhelmed at times … especially sometimes when I lie awake at night … We are in a slight lull right now, with most things booked, arranged and made, but in just 2 weeks, things will be revved up like crazy! So, please excuse me from this little space while we are all busy, preparing, travelling and celebrating this incredible occasion! Dear precious mom, learn from me and don’t overwhelm yourself or your kids with too many detailed plans. Give yourself and your children the time and space to work in a way that allows them to use their best energy and focus. Balance this grace with suitable, sensible training. Teach them to prioritize, set alarm clocks, be on time, and meet daily goals. Allow for choices, alternatives, and options you may not have planned. It will all work out fine in the end! With every blessing, Nadene Subscribe Click to receive all my new posts packed with practical tips, projects, plans, pages & art ideas by email Facebook Follow Practical Pages on Facebook
Being left-handed is a characteristic that many have. Some are naturally this way, and some were forced to use their left hand when using the right hand was no longer possible. No matter what the reason, there are a lot of advantages to being left-handed. As a child, you are often made to feel special when extra attention is given because of this trait. There were even special Cabbage Patch Kids that were made left-handed to celebrate this! Well, there is more great news. You can get money for being left-handed. Yes, grants are available. Go to the office of the Small Business Association in your city. They are rich in resources for grants of all kinds. See the link in our Resources section for the website of the national office. You can search for your local one within the website. Look for a left-handed grant for school at FreeWebs. This website offers a free search engine. It's free to use, and some unusual grants and scholarship--such as those for left-handed individuals--do come up. Consider attending Pennsylvania's Juniata College. The Frederick and Mary F. Buckley Scholarship program gives out the money to students. Grants are given to left-handed students through this program. Apply early for your best chance for acceptance and be sure to include all requested documentation. Keep in mind that you may have to attend the school for a year before being eligible for the grant. Write a letter of appeal to a wealthy left-handed individual. By explaining your situation and what you have to offer, you may be able to get an non-traditional grant from an individual for being left-handed. Someone who's been in your position knows the challenges and unusual things that come up when you sail through life being left-handed. Fill out your FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid). That's an important part of finding education grants. From there, the federal government--and your local school--can inform you of all sorts of grants that you may be eligible for. Apply for this in January prior to the school year you wish to attend. Get it in early for additional opportunities. Ask around when you find a fellow lefty. You never know the wealth of information that kindred spirits have to share with one another. Remind people that Picasso, Einstein and Bill Clinton are fellow lefties. You are in good company. Don't fake being left-handed for the sake of getting a grant. Not only can that get you in trouble privately and with the law, it just doesn't make sense. There are plenty of things that you can probably get a grant for honestly. - Don't fake being left-handed for the sake of getting a grant. Not only can that get you in trouble privately and with the law, it just doesn't make sense. There are plenty of things that you can probably get a grant for honestly. Robin Raven was first published in 1998. She has contributed to newspapers, magazines and online publications, including "The Malibu Times," "Act'ionLine" for Friends of Animals, USA Today Travel Tips and the official Melissa Gilbert website. Raven specializes in travel, health, beauty, culture, vegan nutrition, joyful living, arts and entertainment. She holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts in writing.
Hans Christian Andersen crafted the parable of the emperor’s new clothes to teach children how pomposity and collective denial can produce stupidity and how childlike honesty can cut through it all. The tale centers on a credulous emperor and a circle of courtiers and subjects who were willing to play along with the delusion – a situation now mirrored not only in the Pentagon, but also in the White House and Congress. And the U.S. Navy is caught in in this web of pomposity and collective denial on two fronts. The first involves the Navy’s Fleet Response Program (FRP) and the second is the inconsistency between the Unified Command Plan (UCP) and the Navy’s operating environment – the world’s oceans. These issues might not sound sexy, but they are crucial to understand. Both are related and the net result is an over-extended Navy, bereft of a command-and-control apparatus congruent with its operating environment. In November 2013, much to the surprise and alarm of the international community, China announced the creation of its “first” Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) in the East China Sea. There is growing concern that China will implement a second in the South China Sea, an unstable area riddled with maritime and territorial disputes. The November announcement prompted journalists, policy makers, and scholars to understand and explain the political and security implications of China’s ADIZ. A common concern was that China appeared to be using its ADIZ as a means of asserting sovereignty over the disputed Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands. Much of the subsequent analysis and commentary misrepresented the actual global state of play with respect to ADIZs, as well as their purposes and functions. The result was a great deal of unnecessary criticism and tension. A better understanding of ADIZs is required to prevent similar disputes in the future. But even better than an improved understanding would be a uniform global regime with consistent and transparent practices so that aviation safety and maritime or territorial disputes do not compromise each other in the future. This book review was originally published by the Center for International Maritime Security (CIMSEC) on 28 May, 2015. Andrew Cockburn. Kill Chain: The Rise of the High-Tech Assassins. Henry Holt Publishers. 307pp. $28.00. It’s not often that a book review coincides with current events. Books, particularly nonfiction, are usually written and published months, if not years after an event has occurred. That’s because good nonfiction is written in retrospect: writers have spent some time absorbing their subject, researching and analyzing the facts; authors are hesitant to be rash in judgment or thought. However, there are exceptions. Some pieces of nonfiction, particularly journalists’ works, are appropriate now — not later. Andrew Cockburn’s new book, Kill Chain: The Rise of the High-Tech Assassins, is one of them. Cockburn’s book is timely. In just the past few weeks there has been a flood of reporting from media outlets stating that a drone strike killed an American and an Italian hostage when targeting a group of Al-Qaeda members operating near the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. This article was originally published by the Center for International Maritime Studies (CIMSEC) on 22 May 2015. With a coup d’état in May 2014 and the appointment of General Prayut Chan-o-cha as Prime Minister, 2014 proved to be a tumultuous year in Thai politics. Still faced with a deeply divided society, it is difficult for the Thai authorities to articulate foreign policy priorities or a grand strategy for the country. Even so, the Royal Thai Navy may soon have important tools available with which Thailand can make its presence felt internationally. Although often overlooked by most reports in favor of the contributions made by the Chinese and the Russians in years since, Thailand was an important player in counter-piracy efforts in the Gulf of Aden. In response to an increase in Somali-based piracy, Combined Task Force (CTF) 151 was established in January 2009 to secure freedom of navigation along international shipping routes in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean. Although comprised largely of vessels and crews from NATO member states, Thailand deployed a Pattani-class off-shore patrol vessel and a supply ship to join the force in 2010-2011. Is China increasing production of nuclear ballistic missile submarines? Over the past few months, several US defense and intelligence officials have stated for the record that China is planning to build significantly more nuclear-powered missile submarines than previously assumed. This would potentially put a bigger portion of China’s nuclear arsenal out to sea, a risky proposition, and further deepen China’s unfortunate status as the only nuclear-armed state party to the nuclear Non-Proliferation that is increasing it nuclear arsenal.
How do these changes affect the DSO/PC tax structures you have in place? In short, it depends…. Highlights of the Tax Changes The most significant changes are as follows: 1) Corporate tax rates for Personal Service Corporations (PSC’s) and C Corporations were lowered from 35% to 21%. 2) The top individual tax rate was lowered from 39% to 37%. 3) A new deduction was created for pass through entities equal to 20% of qualified business income. 4) For companies with gross revenues greater than $25 million dollars, the deduction for business interest is now limited to 30% of EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization). Current Tax Structures The tax structures of dental practices (PC’s) range from PC’s being taxed as Partnerships to S Corporations and Personal Service Corporations. Entities that are structured as S Corporations and Partnerships are considered pass through entities. As a result the entity’s owners are taxed on the PC’s profits or losses, regardless of whether profits are distributed, on their individual returns. Entities that are taxed as PSC’s incur their own tax at a corporate rate of 35%. In the event that the PSC distributes profits to its owners, the owners would then be taxed on the so called dividend at a rate of 23.8%. This is where the term “double taxation” comes from. Thus under the old law, owners of pass through entities were taxed at 39% and owners of PSC’s were taxed at an effective rate of 50.5%. Tax rates for owners under the new law Pass-through Entities 37.00% Tax on the Corporation 21.00% Dividends Received (Net of Corporate Tax) 18.80 New Tax Rate 39.80% Am I eligible for the 20% deduction? It is worth noting that the 20% deduction for pass through entities is not available for dental practices and potentially service businesses, i.e. management companies, if the owner’s individual taxable incomes exceed a range from $315,000 to $415,000. In those situations where the owners taxable incomes fall within the range above, it may behoove the PC to remain a pass through entity. What is the best type of entity for me? To determine the optimal entity type under the new tax law system, consider the following: A. Will you be able to receive a 20% deduction against the pass through income, i.e. will your taxable income be between $315,000- $415,000. B. How much of the profits of the practice will be distributed over the next 3-5 years?
Satsang Classes and Advanced Spiritual Study The Satsang class is a study of the works of ECK. It is a year-long study of twelves discourses or lessons, studying one discourse per month. Satsang classes are led by a teacher (Arahata) and available to members of Eckankar. If you would like to visit a class to see what it's like, or for information about Satsang classes or online classes in your area, contact the Spiritual Services Director. To learn more about membership in Eckankar and advanced spiritual study, call 952-380-2222 or visit eckankar.org/Membership. An ECK cleric is ordained into the ECK clergy. The ECK cleric priestly duties include leading ECK Light and Sound Services, and wedding, consecration, rite of passage and memorial services. ECK Celebrations are available to all individuals who wish to celebrate life’s passages. ECK Light and Sound Service The ECK Light and Sound Service is a community event offered by Eckankar for spiritual seekers of all faiths and religious backgrounds. For information on ECK Light and Sound Services in your area, visit ECK Light and Sound Service. ECK Wedding Ceremony Celebrates the marriage bond and commitment of the couple to bring a deep spiritual awareness to their life together. ECK Consecration Ceremony This ceremony celebrates new life and the beginning of a new phase in Soul’s journey home to God. ECK Rite of Passage Ceremony This ceremony celebrates for youth on the threshold of becoming adults and personal commitment to the ECK teachings. ECK Memorial Service This ceremony celebrates a loved one’s life and passage into a new life in the spiritual worlds. ECK Spiritual Aide An ECK Spiritual Aide (ESA), a member of the ECK clergy, is available to meet with any individual who may wish personal spiritual assistance. The ESA serves as a vehicle for the Holy Spirit as a quiet listener. The ESA does not provide counseling or therapy. For Further Information Contact the Regional ECK Spiritual Aide.
New special free schools get go-ahead from DfE Wednesday, April 4, 2018 Plans for 14 new special free schools to create more than 1,100 places for children with autism, mental health and additional needs have been approved by the Department for Education. Register now to continue reading Thank you for visiting Nursery World and making use of our archive of more than 35,000 expert features, subject guides, case studies and policy updates. Why not register today and enjoy the following great benefits: - Free access to 4 subscriber-only articles per month - Unlimited access to news and opinion - Email newsletter providing activity ideas, best practice and breaking news
Aching, breaking, feeling fragile; the pain in my side no weaker than it was four day ago: I’m contemplating the ‘walk-in’ on Wardour Street. But I’m scared. Sick people remind me of my own mortality, and it’s not so sturdy of late. Things hurt. Others don’t work anymore. And I’ve no idea whether the hurting and the not working are permanent or temporary. Each time we move, each time I suffer a trauma or am challenged and pushed: I slide, and the slope is dark and dangerous. Looking up, I can still see the sky: a weak hollow of blue light, diluted and empty. No clouds. No planes. No sun. Just a thin strip stretching from left to right. Some days it’s brighter, more intense, and on days like these I draw comfort from it. Some days it’s dull and dead and on these days I sink to my knees and pray, for I have no energy, no motivation, no drive, and things as simple as walking and talking tire me. Recently, it’s been up and down, bouncing me like a yo yo on thread. Nausea creeps into my belly to sit and sip, drinking tea and stretching out, acting (for all intents) as if it owns the place – which it doesn’t but which I could be convinced to believe it does, because it is such a frequent visitor I can’t now remember when it last went away. Sitting in church yesterday – listening to the sermon but drifting, not really there… images of past lives, past people, past things… passing through: rewinding me, reminding me; picking at threads, fingering snarls, thumbing pulls, travelling bobbles; contemplating each and every one as if it were the most intimate, infinite thing: precious, priceless… I have an epiphany. And whether it makes any difference overall, or any sense in a day or a week: the warmth and the strength are a gift. Raising limp hands, separating joined wrists, pulling reluctant arms from lazy legs, I wrap myself around that feeling as tightly and securely as I can, hoping against hope, against experience, against knowledge and thought, that it won’t ever go away. Only it will, and the only question that holds any importance is when? For if the answer disappoints, I will be devastated. Today I am tired and the colour of the sky unnerves me. Yesterday there was reason to celebrate, to try to feel positive and upbeat. And I guess there was a break too, from the normal way of things. But now it’s back: the pressure, the expectation, the need… and I’m struggling. Feeling useless, uninspired; doubting my ability: I look at everything I’ve done – now and then, lately and a long time ago – and it all seems so shallow and incomplete. Doubt descends and I sink: deeper and deeper. And the slope down which I was slipping is no longer just a slope; it’s also part of the sea, and I am drowning too. by Rebecca L. Atherton To keep up to date with my progress and receive a copy of my newsletter, send me your email address. • View or buy my work at my online portfolio
Planning for a home move can be a daunting experience, so whether you are getting ready to move into your new place on the north side of Chicago, or are moving from there to another area, we are here to help. Our efficient full-service home and business moving services can help you to make sure everything goes smoothly on the day. We also tailor our service to what you need, so if you’re happy to do the packing, or would like our help with assembling furniture, then we can adapt our quotations to what you need from us. North Side Of Chicago Professional Movers Our professional team has served thousands of people from across the Chicago area, and have the experience to make your move in the north side of Chicago a much easier experience than if you were to do it alone. We have all of the equipment and the experience to deal with almost any type of furnishings or items that you are likely to need to move. Our reputation is also one of our points of pride, as we work hard to deliver great customer service from your first call to the completion of the move, so check out our online reviews! Whatever your moving needs, we will be happy to give you an idea of how we can help, and of the costs of using Moovers Chicago to cover your moving requirements. Some of the popular neighborhoods that people in the north side of Chicago have moved to include: - Albany Park - Harwood Heights - Jefferson Park - North Center - Norwood Park - Old Irving - Rogers Park So, if your move is to one of these neighborhoods or one of the nearby areas, drop us a line to see how we can make your home or business move as simple and stress-free as possible.
ROGUE REDEAUX #1023 (bingo and reveal) toggle quoted messageShow quoted text Oops! Here it is Friday midnight and I just now realized that I’d failed to announce the BINGO/REVEAL on #1023. Of course since Lars offered his essentially correct public guess, the cat in the bag has already crossed that bridge with the barn door open, or some other metaphorical nonsense. Several folks were quick at play on this one other than Lars. If memory serves, they were Bill Crider, Gary Reeves, Erika Ettin, Aaron Fasel and Marilyn VanDriesen. Most players figured out my target title even if they were imperfect in filling all the blanks. Bill Crider claimed the kill and may host/post #1024 sometime this weekend. Answers filled in below Thank you for playing, Gary (Immodest Moderator) Hallock, Leerless Feeder
Faith Hill’s “Where Are You Christmas?” To some, it’s ‘that song from the Jim Carrey remake of How The Grinch Stole Christmas’. To others, it’s a source of frustration. Each year the song rises onto the top 10 of at least one Billboard Holiday Chart. Why? In short, two words: Little-known fact: “Where Are You Christmas?” was co-written by the Queen of Christmas herself, Miss Mariah Carey. Why isn’t she singing it, you ask? That’s a great question. That answer can also be summed up in two words: Here’s the story: Back in 1998/1999, composer James Horner landed the job of scoring Dr. Seuss’ How The Grinch Stole Christmas. At some point, he reunited with Will Jennings to craft a song for the film. Important sidebar: Horner & Jennings are best known for writing Celine Dion’s “My Heart Will Go On”. Needless to say, they can write a helluva song. Initially, they created a song called “Christmas, Why Can’t I Find You?” That song appears in the film, sung by Taylor Momsen’s character Cyndi Lou Who. It features some of the lyrics of “Where Are You Christmas?” and slight melodic similarities. The full story of the collaboration is still a mystery. At some point though, Horner and Jennings incorporated Mariah Carey’s songwriting talents to create a full-length song to lead the soundtrack. The result was a power ballad with a festive edge. “Where Are You Christmas?” perfectly encapsulates the story of the Grinch with emotional power and an irresistible melody. It had all the makings of a holiday smash. Be mindful: At this time 1994’s “All I Want For Christmas Is You” was far from the ubiquitous holiday staple it is today. “Where Are You Christmas?” could have been Mariah’s first holiday smash. Mariah was in a unique space when “Where Are You Christmas?” was written. Recently emancipated from a controlling marriage, she was calling the shots and making the music she truly wanted to make, namely, Butterfly. Unfortunately, Mariah was still under the control of ex-husband Tommy Mottola professionally. By this point, Mariah’s relationship with Columbia Records & Sony Music was strained, to say the least. With Mottola still CEO of Sony Music, he had the ability to make Mariah’s professional affairs difficult for her. Carey, Jennings, and Horner composed “Where Are You Christmas?” sometime around 1999 and 2000. It was of course, intended to lead the soundtrack to the Grinch. Here’s where the problems arise. MCA Records & Universal Music were set to release & distribute the film’s soundtrack. MCA and its parent Universal were a direct competitor to Columbia Records and Sony Music. As a songwriter, Mariah didn’t need her label’s permission to compose the song. Typically recording contracts (singers) and publishing contracts (songwriters) operate separately. However, performing the song for MCA Records required the permission of Columbia Records & Sony Music. That meant Tommy Mottola ultimately needed to permit Mariah to release “Where Are You Christmas?” While the exact details remain elusive, it’s understood that permission was either denied or revoked. Mottola has always been placed with the blame. Around this time, Mottola was known for interfering with Mariah’s continued success and creative choices. This all took place shortly before the “Loverboy” fiasco. An October 2000 piece from People Magazine titled “Grinch Steals Mariah” says “Mottola, wouldn’t let her sing for rival MCA/Universal”. It also notes that “Mariah’s rep told PEOPLE that Carey didn’t have the time to record” (Note: People Magazine erroneously has the date listed as July 15, 1998. A Mariah Carey Archives site notes the true date of October 2000). It’s extremely unlikely that Mariah passed up recording a song she wrote. To date, there are only about a dozen songs out there Mariah has written and not recorded. In most cases, they were for a friend, an artist on her Crave label, or a mentee. Mariah co-wrote “Where Are You Christmas?” with every intention of singing it. All these years later, we’re still waiting. Over the years, the song continues to perform well on Billboard’s Holiday Charts. Faith Hill performed the song live in 2016, 16 years after it’s release. Meanwhile, Mariah Carey remains mum on the subject. The song never gets discussed, so firm information on the situation continues to be out of reach. In 2010 when Mariah geared up to release Merry Christmas II You, there was wide speculation that her version of the song would finally surface. However, the song remained absent. The question is, will we ever get the full story? More importantly, will we ever hear Mariah sing this stellar Christmas ballad? For now, all we have is Faith Hill’s stellar performance, and her positively-2000’s crimped hair in the music video.
Bring the elegance of the aristocratic Crawley family and the overall grandeur of the popular series "Downtown Abbey" with this new metal and resin pull bell ornament from Kurt Adler. Its beautiful black and gold design features a sign which reads Welcome to Downtown Abbey for an extra special touch. Perfect for Downtown Abbey fans, this ornament is sure to become a treasured piece of holiday decor.
The AB540 Project of IDEAS at UCLA is holding its 12th annual immigrant youth empowerment conference on May 25, 2019. The conference hosts workshops aimed to educate and empower undocumented youth to pursue higher education. The conference is free. Complimentary lunch will also be provided. Here is more information about the conference: Venue: UCLA Ackerman Grand Ballroom, 2nd Level, Westwood Plaza, Los Angeles, California 90024 Date: Saturday, May 25th, 2019 Registration and Breakfast: 8-10AM Conference: 10am – 5:00pm — Learn about different legislation affecting undocumented students, such as AB540, SB68, CA Dream Act and DACA — Attend a wide array of workshops pertaining to education, financial and legal resources, intersectionalities within the undocumented community, mental health and student activism — Network with different organizations that support undocumented students — Become eligible for the annual IYEC Scholarship (presence is required to be eligible) To learn more about the conference and register, please visit their official website: IDEAS 12th annual immigrant youth empowerment conference Please note that this event was first posted by IDEAS. The link to the conference registration may not work after the event has been held. DON’T FORGET TO SHARE THIS PAGE WITH YOUR FRIENDS! Don’t miss out on the latest resources available for undocumented students, make sure to “like” our page on Facebook. Please consider donating to our platform so we can provide more information and resources to help undocumented students and their families. Any amount helps! At My Undocumented Life we provide up-to-date information and resources for undocumented immigrants and allies. We post scholarship opportunities that are open to undocumented students, strategies for navigating the educational system, information on how to apply for DACA/Advance Parole, news on DAPA, and much more. Most importantly, we want to provide a sense of community to our diverse group of readers. Learn more about our work here: “About Us“ Subscribe to My Undocumented Life (it's free!)
East Asia Summit 2018: Inclusion Is Best Way Forward Tinh, Le Dinh | December 2018 Inclusion may sound like a luxury concept in politics. Realities regarding Southeast Asia, however, suggest that inclusion helps bring the region to the desired outcome, especially in the long run. CitationTinh, Le Dinh. 2018. East Asia Summit 2018: Inclusion Is Best Way Forward. © S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies. http://hdl.handle.net/11540/9559. Separation of powers Transparency in government Community developmentShow allCollapse
The people behind The Thing, the prequel to John Carpenter’s The Thing, arguably one of the greatest sci-fi/horror flicks of all time, know what they have in their hands. It’s dynamite- they know how powerful it is, but if they’re not careful it can blow up in their faces. Which is why it was amusing to see at the panel for The Thing at this weekend New York Comic Con that they were so obviously trying to placate the fans. How do they do that? Well, while they’re quick to point out that they don’t want to try and remake the classic film (either one!) in any way, they seem to have no problem mimicking what made it so special. This is an ensemble cast, a character-driven film. The effects will be as practical as possible, something that seemed evident in the quick creature clips we saw (more on that later). And it’s going to play on isolation, fear of the unknown, and of course, fear of what lies in the hearts of the people around you. Director Matthijs van Heijningen came to the Con with a rough teaser trailer, one that was so new that the actors ran off the stage to get a look at it. It starts off slow, showing a scientist named Adam (Eric Christian Olsen) talking to Kate (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) about an opportunity to visit Antarctica for an amazing scientific find, one he can’t talk about. She of course agrees and there are shots of them trekking across the barren land, in both light and in the absolute pitch black of night. We’re shown the Norwegian leader Dr. Sander (Ulrich Thomsen) talking about how they will go down in history for this find, as they show us the gigantic slab of ice with the body of the thing frozen inside it. Then, things start to go wrong. The footage gets more and more tense as the shots accelerate and they cross-cut to someone drilling into the block of ice, towards the thing. And then it hits, and so does darkness. The last few seconds of the trailer fade in and out in complete silence, scenes of people screaming and grabbing flamethrowers and jumping over what appears to be an alien spaceship and creatures opening mouths and Kate standing with tentacles writhing behind her. Words appears, one line at a time- IN A PLACE WHERE THERE IS NOTHING “SOME” disappears, and a small “The” pops up next to THING, as the original’s classic DUM DUM score plays in the background. It’s pretty damn effective. At this point it’s worth mentioning how familiar things look. The room the ice is held in looks exact. Some other things look perfect as well (like the flailing tentacles!) and there’s even a Norwegian who’s got the crazed beard of the guy who gets shot in the face by Garry in Carpenter’s version. Hmmm! After showing the trailer van Heijningen came on stage with producers Eric Newman and Marc Abraham and most of the main cast. Actually, the only main actor who couldn’t make it was Mary Elizabeth Winstead, who had a good excuse since she was busy getting married (sorry, Ramona fans!) But we had Joel Edgerton (Animal Kingdom) plays Sam Carter, a helicopter pilot and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (Lost, Oz) plays his co-pilot, Eric Christian Olsen who plays the American scientist who brings Kate into this situation and Ulrich Thomsen who plays the lead Norwegian scientist. Important info that we learned, besides the fact that fanboys and mics are two things that should always be kept separate: - We will see the true version of the thing, or at least the one that first came to this planet. It’s entirely possible that the thing might have stopped at other planets before coming here, assimilating them and taking over their forms. - The teaser trailer is coming soon. - They fully intend on playing up the lack of understanding of each other’s languages. The Norwegians run the show here, after all, and the Americans are already outnumbered outcasts. Expect this to become a major source of tension. - While Blair seemed to be the only person doing any real research in Carpenter’s version we can expect the scientific team that’s trying to work together and figure out just what the hell this thing is. - Expect Kate and Sanders to butt heads, both in how they handle the finding of the specimen and afterwards when all hell breaks loose. - This has got to be the ship. The trailer shows a scene where Kate is jumping over the vents of a large structure, likely the top of the alien ship. - Either the actors were very well trained on what to say, or each and every one of them saw The Thing when it first came out and it’s stuck with them ever since. - The movie will take play three days before the events of John Carpenter’s film and is set in 1982- as the old taxis in the NYC footage indicates. It’s still hard to know what to make of all of this, but it’s definitely intriguing. The Thing hits theaters on April 29th, 2011.
This project located at Madison Park Residences, West Jakarta. This interior for studio apartment are carefully concepted to give a truly unique interior design style. It is not your ordinary studio apartment layout, which can be cramped and boring. Within a studio apartment, we design this space to be able to serve as a bedroom area, working area, cosmetic area, as well as living area. All combine within one studio size area, and with loads of storage area. 10jt - 50jt
Smart Technologies has become the champion of the first Samsung Super Cup. In this competitive tournament final, Smart Technologies won by 4-2 goals against Electra International. This Sunday, Samsung Electronics Bangladesh organized this friendly football tournament with all of their distributors from Bangladesh held at Banani Chairman Bari Field. Eight teams, each consisting of six members, participated in the knock-out tournament. Along with Smart Technologies and Electra International, Transcom, Rangs, Fair Electronics, Edison Group, Excel Telecom and Samsung actively participated. The tournament began 10am in the morning with a match between the organizer Samsung and Fair Electronics. All high ranking officials of Samsung Electronics Bangladesh and the partners were present in the event along with cheerful supporters of each team. Samsung Electronics Bangladesh’s Managing Director Sangyon Youn and General Manager Bomin Kim attended the event. Sangyon Youn said “We at Samsung always aim at keeping our partners and other associations in high spirits. Tournaments like this stimulate amiable bonds and competitive attitude among the participating entities. It also elevates our physical fitness along with cultivating peace of mind. The Samsung Super Cup 2018 attained these objectives and entertained us with thrilling matches till the end.” Samsung Electronics inspires the world and shapes the future with transformative ideas and technologies. The company is redefining the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, cameras, digital appliances, medical equipment, network systems, and semiconductor and LED solutions.
Changed layout of National Data Sheet to TI format. LevelC-UNLIM. to LMM. LMN. ACTIVE. PDIP. NFF. TBD. Call TI. Call TI. LMN Datasheet, LMN National Semiconductor Frequency to Voltage Converter Datasheet, buy LMN. LMN LM – Frequency to Voltage Converter, Package: Soic Narrow, Pin Nb= The LM Details, datasheet, quote on part number: LMN. |Published (Last):||6 August 2009| |PDF File Size:||20.52 Mb| |ePub File Size:||3.63 Mb| |Price:||Free* [*Free Regsitration Required]| Klaus New Member Jul 3, The more versatile configurations provide differential ta- chometer input and uncommitted op amp inputs. The two basic configurations offered include an 8-pin device. LM – 8 pin package As you show the 8 pin package circuit, I assume this is what you have – there is a 14 pin version as well. This version is well suited for single speed or frequency switching or fully buffered frequency to voltage conversion applications. Stick with the LM I’m sure the LM is capable of doing what fatasheet want, it just needs some component changes to set the range. Welcome to our site! That range can give me a larger range to have a more accuracy signal to do speed control. Thank you a lot. Replacing a 4 pin leaded inductor with a 2 pin Started by gkmaia Yesterday at Also, I need to be very conservative wrt adding components. So, what can I do. The tachom- eter uses a charge pump technique and offers frequency doubling for low ripple, full input protection in two versions LM, LM and its output swings to ground for a zero frequency input. Click here to register now. The input signal must therefore go positive AND negative for the circuit to work. Both of these configurations are available with an active. Design Frequency to Voltage Circuit of LM2907N Can any professional give me a design which datassheet achive a higher range of output, e. Thank you very much. Frequency to Voltage Converter. Sorry, can you give me any advice of which type can do such thing? This version is well suited for pm2907n. With this version the tachometer input may be floated and the op amp becomes suitable for active filter conditioning of the tachom- eter output. Thank you for your reply. To participate you need to register. The more versatile configurations dataseet differential ta. Any suggestions on how to implement that? This op-amp works as a sort of ‘trip amp’, whenever the input on pin 1 exceeds the voltage on pin 8 0vthe output to the charge pump will go high, being low at all other times. As I want to know the attached circuit is correct as what you mention? You can then drive the transistor to give you an output of up to Vcc. As i read from d’sheet it can’t do this. It only can be varying within V output for 40Hz input. Or any other methods can achieve the task? Replacement Transformer Started by ncag 47 minutes ago Replies: But I still cannot be sucessful to make a larger voltage output range. I’m trying to sense the freq of a square wave from 10KHz – 40KHz range. The IC has three basic sections, a trip amp, a charge pump and an op amp, if the charge pump and following integrator can’t be set to the desired time constant then the op amp can give lots of gain. Forums New posts Search forums. Media New media New comments Search media. But I need 10khz to 40khz give me a 0 volt – Vcc variation. The two basic configurations offered include an 8-pin device with a ground referenced tachometer input and an internal connection between the tachometer output and the op amp non-inverting input. I have followed the datasheet of LMN to design a frequency to voltage circuit. LMN Datasheet(PDF) – National Semiconductor (TI) I am before use the below circuit and it darasheet. Datasheets, Manuals or Parts. Potentiometer Questions Started by norbss Yesterday at Also, the ripple of the output will affect the output range or not? BUT As the circuit will lose some voltage it will stop short of 12v out.
Taxman to announce a hit squad targeting buy-to-let landlords in the South East The taxman will tomorrow announce a hit squad to catch people letting properties in the South East who are not disclosing the income on their tax returns. Other task forces will also be launched to probe tax evasion in the rag trade in Wales, the Midlands and the North West and those dodging alcohol duty in Scotland. Revenue & Customs has unveiled dozens of task forces in the past year, targeting areas where it feels there is tax evasion. Specialist investigators are brought together to target small groups who have evaded tax. Revenue & Customs hopes to raise £17 million through the three groups being targeted in the announcement. The task forces are part of the Government’s £917 million spending review plan to tackle tax evasion, avoidance and fraud from 2011-12, which aims to raise an extra £7 billion a year by 2014-15. Most watched Money videos - Porsche has given the iconic Panamera a mid-life refresh - How will stock markets handle a second wave of lockdowns? - Rolls-Royce release new £250,000 limo called Ghost - Maserati's back! Italian brand releases first supercar for 15 years - Mercedes-Benz shows how hands-free Drive Pilot system works - VW launches clever new 'Caddy California' compact campervan - New £250,000 Ghost 'most technically advanced' Rolls-Royce ever - Blue Whale manager: Facebook is good value but not Tesla - The Shelby SuperCar Tuatara is the world's fastest road car - Volkswagen reveal the first electric SUV ID 3 and 4 range - F1 star Lewis Hamilton appears in Mercedes S-Class launch video - Tesla's Autopilot discourages drivers for engaging when driving
Sign up for News and New Bear Notification Thursday, June 21, 2018 Remember to vote! Voting for 2018 People’s Choice Award will end on July 9th! Don’t miss your chance!!! It’s free!! Just hop in over to www.teddybearandfriends.com !!! Post a Comment Post Comments (Atom)
A new study by mathematicians at the University of York has used new techniques to shed light on the long-running debate over whether battle deaths have been declining globally since the end of the Second World War. The statistical analysis was carried out on datasets on global battle death tolls going as far back as the Napoleonic Wars. A downward trend The team carried out a “change point” analysis on publically available data of global deaths in battle and found that, despite the fact that the first half of the twentieth century marked a period of extraordinary violence, the world has become more peaceful in the past 30 years. The researchers honed an algorithm to accurately detect points in the data where there are changes in the sizes of wars. Their results suggest that there was a distinct beginning and end to bloodshed from 1910-1950. Then, starting in the early 1990s, there was an abrupt shift towards a greater level of peace. A data-focused approach "The question of whether the world today has become more or less dangerous is a hotly debated issue among historians," Co-author of the study, Professor Niall MacKay from the Department of Mathematics at the University of York, said in a press release. "Our study attempts to address this question purely from the perspective of what the data can tell us." “The change for the better our analysis detected over the past 30 years may be due to peace keeping work by global organisations like the UN and increased collaboration and cooperation between nations,” Mackay explained. The “change point” technique The “change point” technique used by the mathematicians was originally developed by researchers at Lancaster University. It also allowed the authors to highlight another upward shift in violence in the 1830s. Though the historical reasons for this are less clear, they suggest it might be partly down to rapid population growth in the early 19th century, leading to a higher likelihood that any individual would die in conflict. The research team do stress that the battle deaths data sets they used – from the Correlates of War Project and Regius Professor Kristian Gleditsch at the University of Essex – are not perfect. Amongst the flaws they point out are the fact that the data may be Eurocentric. “While it has its shortcomings, our analysis provides a methodology for future investigations and an empirical basis for political and historical discussions,” said Brennen Fagan, a PhD student in the Department of Mathematics at the University of York, and lead author of the study. Dr Steven Pinker, a cognitive psychologist at Harvard University, who has written extensively on the subject of trends in violence since the Second World War, said of the study: "Congratulations on such a sophisticated study of historical changes in war deaths. I've long hoped to see a change point analysis of these data, and this one is beautiful."
Pallet Wall Shelves • 1001 Pallets Pallet wall shelves made with repurposed pallets. They can be used as flower pots bases for a vintage garden or home decoration. Wood pallet table will be making you offer with the two services under one shelter of the products. This idea of the wood pallet will act out as the table which you can set in your living room areas. Apart from the table this wood pallet will offer you with the services of the storage box to store some important accessories or items. DIY Farmhouse Table with Extension Leaves (with Plans!) - Sweet Tooth Sweet Life Ever dreamed of having your own farmhouse table but didn’t want to spend a fortune? Well now you can! Keep on reading for details and plans, too! Oh mannnn, you guys. I am SO EXCITED to share today’s post with you all! A couple of months ago, Jay set out to start building our brand...Read More » Let’s plan to implement this idea and give our leisure time some activity to craft this amazing wood work. This unique idea is class of its own kind. A work well crafted! #pallets #woodpallet #palletfurniture #palletproject #palletideas #recycle #recycledpallet #reclaimed #repurposed #reused #restore #upcycle #diy #palletart #pallet #recycling #upcycling #refurnish #recycled #woodwork #woodworking Have a look at the reclaimed wood pallet entrance table, it is good to be created for an area with no any product because it will allow the space to place the decoration pieces. The table is simple, so it will not take much time in completion. The idea is good to create for decoration purpose. DIY 2x4 Upholstered Farmhouse Style Bench - 2X4's can be an budget friendly way to build just about anything! I'm teaming up with several other bloggers today in a 2X4 challenge! Come check it out! Unauthorized Affiliate - error page There is a need of proper place if a person uses a desktop computer, this idea of creating upcycled wooden pallets system desk will not only provide a place to set the computer; but also fulfill the requirement if the person wants a working station at home.
The purpose of the documentation is to make it easy [for developers] to update or finish projects Then good documentation achieves that purpose. To make good documentation, get some information from people who will be using your documentation. Question 1. What can't they do now? Why are they unable to update or finish a project? Collect answers to the question from everyone involved. Stakeholders and non-stakeholders. Once you have some reasons, you have to find causes for those reasons. Question 2. What prevents them from updating or finishing a project? Collect answers to the question from everyone involved. Once have have root causes, you have to get some solutions to those problems. Question 3. What changes would help update or finish a project? Ideally, the answer to this question is "more information, specifically..." If so, that's what your documentation will include, the specific information required. Question 3 tells you specifically what makes good documentation. If, on the other hand, information isn't the solution, stop writing documentation. Keep digging into cause and effect and solve the problem.
Italian Bedroom Furniture Designs Pictures of italian baroque bedroom furniture is created to be the inspiration of for you. This image was published on May 8, 2017 and published by Natalie Fletcher this is fall into the category Bedroom, the size of image is 860 x 587 and this post has 16 related images. If you have any questions please Contact Us. Hope it could inspire you, our beloved reader in geckogarys.com, back to article please click Italian Bedroom Furniture Designs. Italian Bedroom Furniture Designs is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. you will get a lot of information about in here. We not only provide information about only, you will get a lot more references to design your dream home. So, don't forget to keep visit http://geckogarys.com to get the latest information about home decor and design, interior, exterior, furniture and more. Full Size Image for Italian Bedroom Furniture Designs published at Sun - Sep 06, 2020 : 05:18 with the file name italian canopy bedroom furniture 150x150.jpg , Bedroom category with size and the resolution 860x587 by Admin. Dont forget to check out the main editorial in bottom. Thank You!
Commercial Cleaning Franchise Opportunities Anago of Tulsa Is Growing in Pryor, OK; Jasper, MO & Beyond Anago of Tulsa does more than just clean. It also offers small business owners and entrepreneurs across the country the chance to get involved with our commercial cleaning franchise opportunities. It is an unfortunate fact that only 5% of non-franchised new businesses succeed. In contrast, the opposite is true of franchised endeavors. Franchised businesses like Anago of Tulsa use tried-and-tested business models to succeed, leading to significantly higher success rates. When you choose to join Anago of Tulsa, your regional office takes care of the majority of the administrative duties associated with running a successful business, such as billing and collection, finding initial clients, and setting up contracts. This frees up your time to focus your efforts and attention on providing commercial cleaning and janitorial services that are second to none. In fact, thanks to such low overhead, our franchises are ideal for a home-based business. Be in business for yourself, not by yourself! Contact (918) 779-3315 for more information about this franchise opportunity. Small Business Opportunity Commercial cleaning is a recession-resistant growth industry. As an Anago Franchise Owner, you control how fast your business grows. It’s possible to begin as a part-time endeavor and develop into a full-time venture with unlimited earning potential. Information Management Made Simple As an Anago of Tulsa Franchisee, you will receive ongoing guidance from your regional office about the ins and outs of how to build your business while avoiding the mistakes that inexperienced entrepreneurs tend to make starting out on their path to success. You will be coached on local market dynamics and learn how to deliver first-class client service, which will lead to contract renewals and word-of-mouth referrals from satisfied clients. Coaching and Support Anago of Tulsa Franchisees can trust and rely upon their support team when help is needed. Your business is nurtured every step of the way, from your initial orientation to business coaching on an ongoing basis. This allows you to concentrate on growing a successful custodial and janitorial franchise, as well as satisfying your clients’ commercial cleaning needs. Types of Support We Are Able to Offer We can provide support at many different levels, including: - Cash flow programs - Operational support - Market orientation - Marketing and sales tools - Administrative support - Chemicals and cleaning equipment discounts - Help to accommodate growth and expansion
In amicus court filings supporting an appeal of former Pocomoke Chief Kelvin Sewell’s misconduct conviction, a variety of organizations argue he was prosecuted in retaliation for filing racial discrimination complaints against Worcester County officials. Taya Graham: This is Taya Graham, reporting for the Real News Network in Baltimore City, Maryland. I’m standing outside the Maryland State Prosecutor’s Office, the agency that nearly two years ago launched a criminal probe into the life of Kelvin D. Sewell, Pocomoke City’s first black police chief. But, with an appeal pending before the state’s highest court, key groups are stepping up to raise questions about what went on inside this building. Since the trial of then-Chief Kelvin Sewell for failing to charge a driver who hit two parked cars in Pocomoke in 2014, there have been doubts about the case among his supporters. Stephen Janis: You saw the evidence. You think the evidence added up to corruption? Rev. James Jones: No. No, not by any means. Not by any means. Not even over-exercising his authority. They tried to say that they could not do anything with the corruption, but they felt that he exercised his authority too strongly, but he didn’t. Taya Graham: Concerns that the investigation was retaliation for Sewell following EEOC complaints against a variety of Worcester County officials, alleging discrimination after he was fired without explanation in 2015. Sewell was convicted of one count of misconduct for failing to charge the driver who hit cars with leaving the scene of an accident. The driver had driven his car two blocks after the collision to his home where he called police. When we asked Maryland State Prosecutor, Emmet Davitt, about the source of his charges, he said Sewell’s replacement had tipped him off about the accident. Stephen Janis: You were going to tell us about when this case was initiated during the trial? Emmet Davitt: Yeah, sure, and I can certainly direct you now. It’s a matter of public record. There’s all kinds of motions where the whole investigation is laid out if you go to the court files, so I’m not trying to blow off your question, but basically, it was initiated when Chief Kelvin Sewell called our office making complaints about others. Things didn’t seem to add up. He then left the department. The new interim chief came. There was a series of complaints. We were called, repeatedly, asking us to get involved in the investigation. We came down and became involved. Stephen Janis: Was that Beau Oglesby who asked you, or was it anybody … Emmet Davitt: No that was the interim Police Chief that took over. Taya Graham: But documents obtained by the Real News revealed the person who actually gave Davitt the case was Worcester County States Attorney, Beau Oglesby. The subject of Sewell’s EEOC discrimination complaint. Which is, perhaps, why several groups including Howard university Civil Rights Law Clinic, the National Association of Black Law Enforcement Officers and the ACLU have filed amicus briefs supporting Sewell’s appeals before a hearing in December. The brief describes how emails obtained from Davitt show the investigators launched a wide range of investigation of Sewell after he was fired, including allegations that he traded liquor for favors, and tried to seduce a 75 year old grandmother. Davitt said in court that he had no contact with Oglesby during the investigation, but it was in fact Oglesby who gave Davitt the case. In this email, which the Worcester County States Attorney actually sent the documents outlining his theory to Davitt’s office. But the brief also reveals the unprecedented nature of Davitt’s decision to pursue Sewell. Records obtained by the ACLU revealed that Oglesby had never investigated a police officer for discretion. In fact, Davitt also never pursued an officer after retirement. Debbie Jeon: It is really unusual, as far as we can determine, for the State Prosecutor to charge police officers with police misconduct. That’s the first thing. But it also is our understanding that this prosecution originated with the defendants in our civil rights case. Taya Graham: We asked Davitt for comment, and he said to us that Sewell’s lieutenant Lionel Green told investigators that they had let the driver go because he was a Mason. However, lieutenant Green denies Davitt’s version of events. For now, Sewell awaits his day in court, his future uncertain. This is Taya Graham and Stephen Janis reporting for the Real News Network in Baltimore City, Maryland.
New Delhi [India], September 25 (ANI): Two days after actor Ayushmann Khurrana was named as one of the most influential people in the TIME's list of 100 Most Influential people, his father Acharya P Khurrana said he had "tears of happiness" on his son's big victory. "Right from when he received the Filmfare award for Vicky Donor to him being featured on TIME's 100 most influential list, every time Ayushmann won, I have had tears of happiness in my eyes. I have seen him struggle to fulfil his passion for acting," said Acharya P Khurana said. Ayushmann's contribution as an actor to bring about social change through his films has been lauded by everyone and his brand of inspired and clutter-breaking cinema is now called as 'The Ayushmann Khurrana Genre.' His father went on to share how the 'Vicky Donor' actor has always been inclined towards acting since his childhood. "Ayushmann was inclined towards acting since childhood. When he was 5 years old, he was part of a Shakespearean play and since then he has been passionate about acting," he said. "While he was studying in college, he also formed an acting group. He also used to do street plays in Sector 17 with his friends and even though they were street plays they had a standard. Ayushmann also participated in college festivals and won awards," he added. Ayushmann Khurrana has been named alongside global music sensations Selena Gomez and The Weeknd, the visionary director of Oscar-winning movie 'Parasite' Bong Joon Ho, and many others in the TIME 100 list. (ANI)
mm5aho wrote:Aja wrote:Hi Geoff Don't see my 35lb CQR or 10mm chain? Its there. I was in a bit of a rush getting that list out to a request. I'm not there tomorrow, but will add your anchor and chain status on Wed. From vague memory (at home) was yours the CQR with a hole in the shank? Relief! Yes. My CQR had a hole in the shank. I'm not in any hurry with my stuff so just crack on and I can liaise to pick mine up when it's ready. Well, before April at any rate.
By Georgia Hall Afterschool Matters Summer 2020 An Interview with Michelle Seligson, Founder of NIOST Michelle (Micki) Seligson has been nationally recognized as a leader in afterschool and in childcare policy and practice. In 1978, she founded the School-Age Childcare Project, which became the National Institute on Out-of-School Time (NIOST) at Wellesley College. To commemorate NIOST’s 40th anniversary, she sat down with Georgia Hall, director and senior research scientist at NIOST, to talk about how observation of exemplary practices became guidance for an emerging field. By Emily Ustach “Hello, and welcome to New Urban Arts! Let me tell you a little bit about this place. We are an afterschool art studio for high school students. We don’t have any attendance requirements, so you can come when you want, stay as long as you want, and return as often as you want. Would you like a tour?” By Marisela A. Montoya When the bell rings at the end of the school day, many afterschool participants head to the cafeteria, gym, or portable building where their programs take place. Some hop on buses to attend programs at a local community or recreation center a few blocks away. However, thousands of students across the country go home to their afterschool program. By Devan Blackwell Attention issues made it difficult for Matthew, a fifth grader, to sit down and focus for long periods of time. He was easily distracted and often got into trouble during the school day for being disruptive. Using Diverse Genres of Expression to Support Boys and Young Men of Color By Keith F. Miller, Jr. “Keith, he just shut down on me,” the teaching artist said, shaking his head, defeated. “I don’t know what to do. He said he won’t do anything.” By Marie Benson The importance attached to the development of strong character is evident in schools, out-of-school time (OST) programs, and the workplace. As providers of OST programs, we must infuse our programs with activities that build positive social and emotional skills in order to help mold future human capital. Educators, employers, and society as a whole agree on the need for honesty and for social and emotional skills. These skills are valuable across a person’s lifetime, regardless of where they are learned and practiced. Employers are looking for employees who possess competency in social and emotional skills; these skills may even be in more in demand than technical skills (Afterschool Alliance, 2018). OST programs can prepare participants for their futures by promoting social and emotional learning.
ABOUT CROWN, USA Share truth, deliver hope, advance transformation. What Makes Crown Different? In the world’s economy, success is measured by what you have in your hand. In God’s economy, success is measured by what is in your heart. When you align your beliefs with biblical truth, the right behaviors will follow. Crown exists to help individuals, families, and churches live in financial freedom as a direct result of heart transformation. Getting out of debt, living on a budget, and having money in the bank are important. But if that’s all we did, we would fail in our real mission. For us, stewardship isn’t about ordering your life in such a way that you can spend as much as you want on whatever you want. True stewardship is ordering your life in such a way that God can spend you however He wants to spend you. We aspire to be the most effective organization in the world at training God’s followers to be good and faithful stewards. We are the world’s leading global education and discipleship movement to teach God’s people to apply His principles of total life stewardship. For more information, please visit crown.org.
Welcome to Dragon Cave! Dragon Cave is an online adoptables game. Collect eggs, raise them to adulthood, and then breed them to create interesting lineages. New dragons are added regularly! Brute Dragons are among the larger dragon breeds. They prefer to live in solitude or small groups, nesting in high, mountainous regions. The only time they openly seek the company of others is during the mating season, when males will fight for the attention of females. The thunderous crash of Brute Dragons butting horns against each other in competition for mates can be heard nearly a mile away. Dragons are highly-intelligent reptilian creatures that—from a human perspective, at least—appear to live forever. Many different varieties of dragon exist, each with their own unique qualities, habitats, and behavior. Adolescence in dragons is usually marked by the growth of a hatchling’s wings, although not all breeds of dragons grow wings and some breeds have other traits that indicate the beginning of maturation. In Galsreim, dragons and humans coexist peacefully.
The Baker Museum is part of Artis—Naples, a multidisciplinary organization that also is the home of the Naples Philharmonic, located at 5833 Pelican Bay Boulevard, Naples, Florida. The museum, opened in 2000, houses a diverse collection of art in a three-story, 30,000-square-foot facility. From Downtown Naples Drive north approximately 5.5 miles on U.S. 41 (Tamiami Trail). Proceed through the Pine Ridge Road / Seagate Drive intersection. At the next traffic light, turn left onto Pelican Bay Boulevard. Artis—Naples is located past the first stop sign intersection, on the left. From Downtown Ft. Myers Drive south approximately 30 miles on Interstate 75. Exit west (turn right) at Immokalee Road (Exit 111). Drive west on Immokalee Road until U.S. 41 (Tamiami Trail). Take a left on U.S. 41. Proceed south approximately 4 miles to Pelican Bay Boulevard (you will pass the first loop entrance of Pelican Bay Boulevard at approximately 2 miles, continue to the second entrance). Take a right at the traffic light intersection of Pelican Bay Boulevard. Artis—Naples is located past the first stop sign intersection, on the left. Entry from the southwest side of the museum may be limited until construction is complete in order to ensure your safety. We recommend parking on the north and east Artis—Naples lots. As always, parking is available at Waterside Shops’ parking garage in levels 3-5. For evening and weekend events, please park only in the spots on the Kimberly K. Querrey and Louis A. Simpson Cultural Campus or in our partner lots across Ridgewood Drive at FineMark Bank, Wells Fargo Bank, the SunTrust Building and Waterside Shops. Handicap parking spaces are located near the Hayes Hall main entrance. People who would have difficulty walking from Waterside Shops to our cultural campus should arrive early to find parking in our lots. This is especially important until the end of 2019. Two spaces on the east side of the Cultural Campus are equipped with Tesla charging stations for Artis—Naples patrons. For refreshments during your visit to Artis—Naples, Heidi’s Place is located in the Norris Garden, and there are three beverage bars located in the Hayes Hall lobby on the upper and lower levels, as well as a bar in Daniels Pavilion. For Those with Mobility Needs A Patron Services representative will be happy to assist with any special seating needs when you purchase your tickets. Courtesy wheelchairs are available at the main entrance of Hayes Hall (an easy drop-off location). There are accessible restrooms on both floors of Hayes Hall and in the Daniels Pavilion. Patrons with limited mobility or who prefer to park on campus should plan on arriving early for performances to allow themselves plenty of time to find a parking spot. For Those who are Deaf or Hearing Impaired Artis—Naples has installed a hearing loop so that people with hearing aids and cochlear implants with telecoil technology will have crystal-clear sound sent directly to their devices when activated. No matter where you sit in the hall, whether in the front row or in a box in the rear, the sound is robust. Wireless listening devices are also available free of charge. Visit the Patron Desk in the lobby of Hayes Hall or contact a member of the usher staff upon entering the Daniels Pavilion to reserve a device or inquire about the hearing loop system. In addition, we are pleased to provide, upon advance request, sign interpreters for specific performances.
Lighting is an essential element in any home or commercial space. Strategic placement of lighting is important to ensure certain areas are properly lit and the overall ambiance is warm and welcoming. Our licensed electricians are well-versed on not just lighting installation, but lighting styles and placement as well. Some of our services include: LED Lighting Installation Track and Accent Lighting Ballast and Bulb Replacement Bathroom and Kitchen Lighting Light Dimmers and Timers LED lighting has transformed the industry. Both homeowners and commercial building owners have called upon our residential electrician / commercial electrician to convert their old fluorescent lighting to LEDs. LEDs are brighter, require less power and last significantly longer than traditional lighting options. Our licensed electricians can also install/replace your lighting controls, dimmers and timers. When it comes to outdoor lighting, we have you covered as well. We can design and install exterior and landscape lighting to help you achieve the yard of your dreams. Do you dread putting up holiday lights? No problem. Our certified electrician handles the holiday lighting needs for homes and businesses throughout Polk County, including Lakeland, Winter Haven, Davenport and Eagle Lake. We take care of everything from start to finish! When you trust Top Flight Electric with your interior and exterior lighting needs, you can take comfort in knowing that the installation will be handled properly and professionally. Give Top Flight Electric a call today! COVID-19 UPDATE: WE ARE STILL OPEN FOR BUSINESS We are taking extra precautions to ensure the health and safety of our customers including frequently using hand sanitizer, sanitizing our tools and work area after each visit and practicing social distancing. We are prepared to safely handle all of your electrical service needs!
Name: PET Transparent Spray Bottle Volume: 80 ml Weight: 38.34 g Easy to carry. Lightweight and portable. Can be carried on the cabin. Convenient product packaging. No odor; good sealing, no leakage. No bisphenol A, non-toxic, harmless. Use environmentally friendly material. How to Use: Pour the liquid into the vacuum bottle. Press the pump The head discharges air, and the liquid rises automatically. When the liquid is used up, the vacuum plug rises to the top. Before using it again, push the vacuum plug to the bottom end. Please fill as much as possible and it will be easier to use. Once the user has seen at least one product this snippet will be visible.
Elena (ID: 41356) - Date of birth:February 09, 1983 - Height:5' 6" (170 cm) - Weight:110 lb (50 kg) - Hair color:light brown - Eyes color:green - Marital status:single - English language:Fluent - Others foreign languages:No - Seeks partner:37 - 50 years old Hobbies and interests: I have many interests. I like active way of life, so my favourite kinds of sports are skydiving, volleyball, badminton and tennis. I enjoy going to the skating-rink and attending a swimming pool. I like to read classical literature and I am keen on music. I enjoy spending warm summer evenings on the sea shore and romantic dinners. I like to cook and I will be glad to do it for somebody. And sport dancing really helps me to stay in a good shape. If there is one word to characterize myself, it would be Looking For Men Type: I am searching for a serious man who is interested in family, having children and marriage. I need a tender, generous and patient person with the sense of humour. I am looking for a kind, honest, strong and gentle man who will be at the same time my friend, my lover and my partner.
Many modern gamers know Pokies. These machines got their name because of their similarity to the mechanical Poker machines of the past. Today you can find Pokies slots on any casino site in Australia. Therefore, if you want to get a vivid impression of the game and at the same time do not risk much money – choose new free Pokie slots! New Pokies 2020 without downloading to your device Pokies devices come in two versions – paid and free modes. Users without experience most often compete in free Pokie slots without money and no download. This kind of game brings them a lot of fun. Professional casino gamers prefer to have fun in paid slot machines. For them, the main thing is the opportunity to win real money. It is known that Pokies slots have a fairly high level of RTP, which means that you can really earn money here. Pokies slot machines are very diverse. Every year, new devices with a more exciting storyline and improved options enter the online casino market. In 2020, providers released several cool new products that immediately became top-end and got into the home game collections of the most active users. Popular and profitable Pokies slots that were released on the gambling market in 2020 are: - Pokie slots real money, such as Lock it link Nightlife; - Divine Fortune; - Justice League; - Golden Egypt; - Cash Bandits; - Gipsy Moon. All these new games of chance are available for playing for real money, as well as in Demo format. If you decide to try the latest free Pokie slots, just choose a licensed casino with Pokies slots, launch the slot machine on your gadget in instant mode and start playing without registration. But if you are going to play for real money, be prepared to spend a few minutes of your time registering. Free Pokie for fun Many modern gamers prefer the demo format of online casinos. These people really love gambling, but they don’t have enough budget to make real bets. For such users, free online slots Pokies for fun is the best option. Free gaming is becoming more popular these days. Many people prefer a risk-free game and enjoy it, even without real money wins. Demo version of the online casino has a number of advantages, which is why sometimes even quite experienced users choose Pokies slots for free and for fun. If you play free Pokie slots, you don’t even need to register on the site and download the game to your gadget. You just launch your favorite Pokies slot in online mode and start the competition. But the main advantage of free Pokies slots for fun is that you won’t lose your money here. Free slot machines do not require any money, so you will save your budget if luck is not on your side. Also, some gamers start competing in Demo format in order to get an opportunity to learn the rules of the video slot. There are so many games that it becomes a challenge to master all the rules. Try the selected games for free, without any pressure. Almost all modern Pokies video slots also have a mobile version. This means that you can compete in any game on the go. Today, when the pace of people’s lives has become so fast, it is not so easy to find time for your favorite video games. Pokies mobile slots are the best solution for the most active users.
For those of you going on the field trip to Google tomorrow, here is some info: - Attend your 1st period class. Meet in room 319 at the beginning of 2nd period. - We’ll be back during 5th period, so you’ll attend your 6th period class. - Dress is casual but neat — look decent; you’re representing RHS. - Transportation is by bus and lunch is provided by Google. You don’t need any cash for the trip. There will be a tour, a tech talk, and a panel discussion with some Google engineers about their careers and education. To give us all an idea of what you are curious about working at Google, please go to this site and post any questions you have for the Google folks:
The shock treatment of a swimming pool is for corrective purposes. If your water has lost its transparency and its crystal clean appearance, if it has changed color, tending towards green and if you are concerned that it will get worse in the next 24 hours, shock treatment is the best choice. This is the last winning option in the face of water that has turned, before considering emptying, even partial, of the pool. Following a non typical event, a shock treatment may be necessary to restore clear and crystalline water. Given the chemical load implemented by the shock treatment, its recommend shocking the pool at least once every 2 weeks in the middle of summer. Basically, it depends above all on the care taken in maintaining your pool and the water it contains. Regardless, if the water begins to cloudy or turn green, don’t wait and act as quickly as possible. For health reasons, it is not recommended to bathe during shock treatment . With the little ones, you must strictly prohibit swimming, explaining why. Depending on the case, this can last for 48 hours. Why shock treatment? If the maintenance and filtration of the pool are properly carried out, then shocking a pool will not need to be done. The water can then cloud quickly and be overrun with algae in less than 48 hours, taking on a bizarre coloring that is unappealing to swimming and potentially dangerous for your pool. Faced with this type of inconvenience, the shock treatment is a radical solution that allows you to attain healthy and clean water . Its chemical load eradicates all microorganisms, bacteria, viruses, algae, mosses or fungi that have taken possession of the premises. When do you need to do shock treatment? Although this is an exceptional procedure, as the water ages (chemists speak of the age of water), shock treatment will become less rare. Its goal is to use chemicals to find conditions suitable for swimming. These are the times when a swimming pool will need shock treatment. - – After a complete emptying of the pool. - – After wintering, when the swimming pool is put back into service. - – After a meteorological event: thunderstorm, storm, strong gales, extreme heat. - – Following a proliferation or invasion of algae: whatever the reason. - – Following a strong use of the pool: a large number of bathers. - – Following a bacterial or viral infection of a swimmer to eliminate any risk of contamination. - – Before winterizing the pool, at the end of the season. – When put back into service in the spring. - – After the first filling What products should be used to shock your swimming pool. With a little experience, you will know the right products for you. If this is the first time or a pool you don’t know, remember that there are no dumb or unnecessary questions. It is better to inquire and ask when you are not sure of what you are doing, whether it is from a specialized store, a forum, a loved one. You’ll save time, money, and less stress about the condition of your pool water. Chlorine and Bromine shock are the most widely used. If you usually disinfect your pool with chlorine, use shock chlorine . It is rapidly dissolving chlorine, not stabilized in powder, pellets or granules, based on Calcium Hypochlorite or Sodium Hypochlorite (bleach). If you usually disinfect your pool with bromine, choose shock bromine . You can also use shock chlorine (Calcium hypochlorite, Sodium hypochlorite) but you probably won’t. Active oxygen is the most common alternative. Pay close attention to incompatibilities between products. If you are using another form of pool sanitizer, then active oxygen products will often be recommended. Knowing that active oxygen is also very effective in shocking a swimming pool usually treated with chlorine or bromine. If treating with PHMB, use active oxygen, as it is incompatible with chlorine or bromine. If treating with copper/silver ionizer or vegetable ceramic, prefer shock chlorine (calcium or sodium hypochlorite) or active oxygen. Do not use shock bromine. If treating with Ozonator, prefer shock bromine or shock chlorine (calcium or sodium hypochlorite) If treating with UltraViolets, prefer shock bromine, shock chlorine, or calcium hypochlorite. Do not use active oxygen if and only if the pool is larger than 90m3, the pool is sheltered and the water temperature is over 30 ° C. How to Start Shock Treatment? 1 – Prepare the pool water. – Stop all swimming: explain to the little ones if necessary and close access to the pool if possible. – Uncover the pool: it is probably already uncovered, otherwise, remove the cover or fold up the roller shutter. Shock treatment requires a visual check several times a day. If the inside of the cover or shutter seems dirty, spray them with water. – Remove the accessories and objects that are in the water: toys, pipes. Clean and rinse them. – Remove any large debris using a net and empty the baskets of the skimmers and the pump pre-filter. – (not compulsory) Clean the swimming pool: walls, bottom, water line. If the water is really dirty and you cannot see what you are doing, it is wiser to wait until the treatment has started to act: risk of degrading the coating. Knowing that once the shock treatment is finished, it will be necessary to clean the walls, bottom, waterline, and the submerged parts (skimmers, nozzles, bung, plugs, and various equipment) again. It’s up to you to assess the situation … – Check the condition of the filter (pressure in particular) and clean it if it seems too dirty to you: washing/rinsing if a sand filter or replacing the cartridge/bag. – Analysis and adjustment of the water balance according to the shock treatment used, in particular the pH. Also, check the total alkalinity (TAC) and the lime content (TH). Make sure the settings are correct and don’t do anything else until they are: the most important is the pH. 2 – Run the pump continuously until the water has a gray/blue appearance. – Put the shock treatment products in place. Read the instructions before proceeding. Check that there is no incompatibility. – Put the filtration in continuous operation. – Wait for the treatment to take effect by cleaning/replacing the filter if necessary (stop filtration during these phases). Depending on the state of the water, it can last from 48 hours to a few days. Some water catching can take 2 to 3 weeks. During this time, you must continue to check the water (pH, disinfectant level) and rinse the filter if it begins to build up pressure (rely on the pressure gauge). 3 – Flocculation and cleaning of the pool to finish. If the water has become clear again but remains cloudy, use a flocculant or clarifier to conglomerate the residue and remove it more easily through filtration. It may be the remains of dead algae in suspension. Use only if the water has not become clear and crystalline again. – clean the swimming pool: walls, bottom, water line, submerged parts, using brushes, vacuum cleaner, and/or robot cleaner to find clear water. – recheck and re-clean the filter if necessary before returning to normal filtration mode. If you need to, don’t forget that there are companies specializing in pool maintenance. They can intervene occasionally or take charge of the complete maintenance of your swimming pool.
26/11/2012 - Actualités Pourquoi choisir Trevi and Loyd ? Suivre le lien Why choose TREVI & LOYD ? More than 50 years of experience in the Belgian market Tailor made services A proactive and creative relationship with a dedicated team Perfect knowledge of local players enabling a strong cost control Framework agreement with major services or facilities suppliers
Irving Penn: Personal Work January 29–March 5, 2016 534 West 25th Street, New York, NY Pace and Pace/MacGill Gallery are honored to present Irving Penn: Personal Work, a survey of privately produced, uncommissioned photographs by the iconic American photographer Irving Penn (1917–2009). A companion to Irving Penn: On Assignment, presented by the galleries in 2013, the exhibition and its counterpart collectively offer a retrospective glance at the breadth of achievement of Penn's legendary seven-decade career. Irving Penn: Personal Work will be on view at 534 West 25th Street from January 29 through March 5, 2016, with an opening reception for the public on Thursday, January 28 from 6 to 8 PM. Probably the most prolific and respected photographer of the 20th century, Irving Penn is celebrated for his innovative commercial imagery and groundbreaking editorial contributions to Condé Nast publications. In addition to his professional assignments, however, Penn pursued a variety of personal projects - such as nudes, self-portraits, signage, moving light portraits, and still lifes of seemingly inconsequential objects - to maintain an artistic balance throughout his career. Spanning a variety of subjects and genres, Penn's extensive oeuvre explores the boundaries of personal and public expression, and subsequently art and commerce, through compelling images that expanded the creative limits of the medium. Moreover, his technical mastery of black-and-white and color photography, as well as the platinum printing process, earned him accolades in the realms of both commercial and fine art. As early as 1949, just a year before his editorial images of the Paris couture collections would revise the visual aesthetics of fashion photography, Penn began what is considered perhaps his most personal but least well-known body of work: studies of tightly-framed, corpulent nudes that explore the beauty and physicality of the female form. Unconventional in both subject and composition, the series was also radical in technique, as Penn drastically overexposed, bleached, and then redeveloped his prints to create unusual, stunning tonal effects. A deft and distinguished practitioner of the still life, Penn embraced the genre from the outset of his photographic career. His first foray was published on the 1943 cover of Vogue at the suggestion of the magazine's then art director, Alexander Liberman, and by 1947 Penn was producing a multitude of commercial still lifes for the printed page. In the early 1970s, however, he progressively dedicated more time to his private, uncommissioned work in which he transformed miscellaneous detritus into abstracted elements of artistic expression. Whether investigating the visual intrigue of seemingly inconsequential, discarded debris like bones, plumbing fittings and cigarette butts, animal skulls from the collection of the Narodni National Museum in Prague, or vessels from his personal collection, these images demonstrate Penn's extraordinary ability to create strikingly eloquent compositions from the most unsuspecting materials. As John Szarkowski wrote in the catalogue accompanying Penn's 1984 retrospective at The Museum of Modern Art, New York: Until now it [Penn's work] has demonstrated for photography in our time what must be relearned by most arts in most times: that the apparently inconsequential can be redeemed by artistic seriousness; that a plain vocabulary is the most demanding; that high craft is the just deserts not only of monuments and ceremonial vessels, but of the ordinary baggage of our lives. Penn's photography has been the subject of numerous solo exhibitions worldwide. Recent exhibitions include Irving Penn: Underfoot (2013) at the Art Institute of Chicago and Irving Penn: Beyond Beauty (2015-2018), which is currently on view at the Smithsonian American Art Museum, Washington, D.C., and will travel to five additional venues in the United States. In April 2017, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York will present a major retrospective of over 200 of Penn's photographs to mark the centennial of his birth. His work can be found in both domestic and international museum collections, including the Art Institute of Chicago; Maison Européenne de la Photographie, Paris; The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; the Moderna Museet, Stockholm; the Morgan Library and Museum, New York; The Museum of Modern Art, New York; and the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. Penn has published multiple books of photographs: Moments Preserved (1960); Worlds in a Small Room (1974); Inventive Paris Clothes (1977); Flowers (1980); Issey Miyake (1988); Passage (1991); Still Life (2001); A Notebook at Random (2004); Photographs of Dahomey (2004); as well as two books of drawings. Monographs of his work include: Irving Penn (1984); Irving Penn: Master Images (1990); Irving Penn: A Career in Photography (1997); Dancer (2001); Earthly Bodies: Irving Penn's Nudes, 1949-50 (2002); Irving Penn: Platinum Prints (2005); Irving Penn: Small Trades (2009); Irving Penn: Portraits (2010); Irving Penn: Archæology (2010); Irving Penn: Cigarettes (2012); Irving Penn: Cranium Architecture (2013); Irving Penn: Beyond Beauty (2015); and Irving Penn: Flowers (2015). For more information about Irving Penn: Personal Work or press requests, please contact Margaret Kelly at 212.759.7999 or firstname.lastname@example.org. For general inquiries, please email email@example.com.
As naturopathic doctors, we’ve always advised our patients to engage in simple “dew walking,” “earthing,” or “grounding” that in its simplest form involves walking barefoot on the dewy grass in the morning. We’ve mentioned dew walking in our newsletter countless times, and of course many skeptical patients have rolled their eyes. And while our early explanations of the benefits were fairly basic, research has finally given us abundant support for these practices. Grounding through dew walking or by walking barefoot on a sandy beach, as ocean wading, or on any other natural ground, stimulates the acupressure points of the feet, positively impacting the energy and functioning of the corresponding organs throughout the body. Of course, there’s the deeply visceral pleasure of the interaction of feet with sand, stone, mud, and vegetation. As our unfettered feet meet the damp grass, the blood vessels constrict, and with vasoconstriction there’s a reflexive vasodilation that enhances the flow of blood and lymphatic fluids, increasing our vital energy and strengthening our immunity. Reformed cardiac surgeon Stephen Sinatra, M.D. brought objective scientific data and clinical case studies to the grounding equation in his 2010 book, Earthing: The Most Important Health Discovery Ever. Dr. Sinatra was able to clarify exactly what happens when our feet touch the earth. Heart rate variability patterns are harmonized, positively affecting cardiovascular arrhythmias and blood pressure. Our blood thins and is therefore less apt to clump. Dr. Sinatra recommended that his cardiovascular patients practice grounding 40 minutes each day. The cardiovascular benefits of grounding are only the tip of the iceberg. Because the earth is a powerful source of free electrons, grounding has an antioxidant effect, addressing the harmful pathophysiology of oxidative stress by counterbalancing free radicals as you – literally – soak up electrons, sequestering the free radicals. (Oxidative stress can damage DNA, resulting in inflammation and autoimmunity and contributing to degenerative disease and unhealthy aging.) Dampness and mineral salts increase the conductivity of the electrons, so wading in the salty ocean is particularly beneficial. Grounding also helps balance the autonomic nervous system, harmonize heart rate variability patterns (associated with inner states of peacefulness, harmony, love and compassion), and normalize the cortisol-mediated stress response and the regulation of the Hypothalamic Pituitary Adrenal axis. When cortisol is normalized, we fall asleep more easily and our sleep is less disrupted. Even sleep apnea is positively affected, and we may experience relief from joint and muscle pain. There is no lack of additional data for the many positive effects of Earthing on inflammatory conditions that range from asthma to psoriasis, osteoporosis, PMS, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Alzheimers, and ALS. Researchers have noted positive changes with Earthing on white blood cells and cytokines, as well as enhanced blood sugar regulation. Pre- and post-thermographic images have documented Earthing’s anti-inflammatory effects. These benefits are only the beginning – Earthing helps to counterbalance the negative effects of electromagnetic pollution and align our energy fields with the earth’s vibrational field. Earthing entrains the body with the electromagnetic field of the earth, dispelling fatigue and vitalizing our energy. (See a previous article, Aum, the Solfeggio Frequencies, and Sleep, for more on the Schumann Resonance and this powerful regulating effect.) These days, we can find any number of websites promoting grounding devices, from chair pads to mattresses, foot pads, and sheets. While these tools have been helpful for some, others report that the hype tends to outshine their actually efficacy. Why make it more complex than it needs to be? Surely it would be at least equally healing to engage in the simple activities many of us enjoyed as children: walking barefoot on the earth, squishing mud between our toes, skipping barefoot on dusty paths, wading in the ocean, sleeping on the ground out under the stars, and in countless ways enjoying the unique pleasures of aligning ourselves with nature’s harmonies. For information about the services we offer at Pacific Naturopathic, please give us a call at 650-961-1660, use the convenient Contact Form to get in touch, or follow the link to: Consultations – Pacific Naturopathic. Thank you!
Everything is OK. Something went wrong. Several attempts to send events to this registration failed. No further attempts will be made until registration is restarted. We are attempting to restart this registration. An event must be successfully transmitted before the status will transition back to Active. Events will be pushed to a partner endpoint. A 200 OK response is expected in order for it to be considered successful. (Default) Events will be consumed by partner polling the events API periodically and calling acknowledge API method for each event successfully processed. Events will be sent to the partner via SFTP in a CSV file once per day. Event has been created, but no attempt to send it has been made yet. Event was successfully delivered to the registered URL. We could not deliver the event to the registered URL. See the event logs for more detail on the failure reason. Webhook is delivered with an array of resource identifiers related to that event. With this format you get everything in a 'Basic' event, in addition you will receive a 'Details' array containing various meta data pertaining to each resource. For example, on the ACH.Return.Received event you would receive the Return Code and Original Payment ID. A new customer has been onboarded. A customer OFAC scan status has been changed. A customer PEP scan status has been changed. A document (pdf) was attached to a generated statement. A Regulation D policy was violated on a savings account. Transaction completed successfully. Transaction was unable to complete. Account activity record has been posted as the result of a transaction. Outbound payment was canceled at the partner's request. Outbound payment could not be processed due to compliance reasons or failed to fund. Outbound payment has been transmitted to the Federal Reserve. An inbound payment was received from another bank. A previously originated payment has been returned by the receiving bank. A notification of change has been sent from the receiving bank regarding a previous origination. A hold relating to either an inbound or outbound payment was marked for escalation by a member of the Operations team. Commonly this is used to indicate additional documentation or action is needed by the partner. Outbound payment has been successfully sent to the receiving institution and the funds are available in the receiver's bank account. Inbound payment has been received from another institution and has successfully posted to an account in COS. Payment has been rejected by the receiving institution or RTP Network. Payment was canceled at the request of the partner or a payment with a status of ResearchRequired has been canceled. No response was received for an outbound payment, manual research is required to determine if the payment should be completed or canceled. Payment has failed due to technical reasons. A hold relating to either an outbound payment was marked for escalation by a member of the Operations team. Commonly this is used to indicate additional documentation or action is needed by the partner. Request has been received to refund a previously accepted credit transfer. Outbound wire was canceled at the partner's request. Outbound wire could not be processed due to compliance reasons or was rejected by the Federal Reserve. Outbound wire has been transmitted to the Federal Reserve. Still possible the wire could be rejected. Outbound wire has been transmitted to the Federal Reserve and has been successfully acknowledged. IMAD number is now available. Inbound wire has been received from another bank. A hold relating to either an inbound or outbound wire was marked for escalation by a member of the Operations team. Commonly this is used to indicate additional documentation or action is needed by the partner. Inbound payment request has been received and is awaiting approval. Payment canceled at the sender's request or has expired. Payment was approved by the receiver. Payment was rejected by the receiver. Payment failed to post to either the sender or receiver's account, most commonly due to insufficient funds. Payment has been posted to both the sender's and receiver's accounts. A card has been successfully activated. A card has been changed to review status. A card has been permanently closed. A card has been created pending activation. Card creation has failed. A card has been ordered and will be mailed to the customer. A card PIN has been set for the first time. A card PIN has been reset. Profile data for the card (such as address) has been changed. A previously suspended card has been reactivated. A lost or damaged card has been replaced. A card has been temporarily suspended. Purchase authorization has been memo posted to the account. Purchase authorization has cleared and no further incremental changes are expected. Purchase authorization amount has changed. Purchase authorization has been posted in the form of an account transaction. The original memo post has been removed. A check deposit has been sent to the Federal Reserve for clearing. A check drawn on an account in COS has been deposited at another bank and has been received from the Federal Reserve for posting. An outbound payment has been canceled at the request of the partner. Outbound check could not be processed due to compliance reasons or was rejected by the Federal Reserve. A previously deposited check has been returned by the receiving bank. Details of a check have been changed. A hold relating to either an inbound or outbound check was marked for escalation by a member of the Operations team. Commonly this is used to indicate additional documentation or action is needed by the partner. A check's Reg CC Policy has been updated. A check has been authorized for Positive Pay. A check's Positive Pay status has been revoked. A check drawn on an account in COS has been presented but was not authorized for Positive Pay. Updated 2 months ago
Miami Penthouse by Smiros & Smiros This Miami Beach penthouse, the fifth project S&S has completed for their client in locations around the globe, encompasses an entire floor and rooftop terraces, embracing city and ocean views. It elegantly tackles what is arguably the trickiest challenge of glass-enclosed seaside apartments—not detracting from the spectacular panorama while not remaining subservient to it—with contemporary panache. Photography by Durston Saylor Visit Smiros & Smiros- by Matt Watts
A cute room is a place that looks and feels nice to live in. But if you want to get fancy, a room that is cozy and has a bit of character can be an ideal place to decorating. For this tutorial, we’ll take a look at some of the most popular styles and find some great places to decoratively display them. For more tips on decorating your home, check out our guide to decorator basics. Window shades and curtains The window shades and curtain styles you’ll need to create a stylish and memorable home décor are the shades and chandeliers. You’ll want to select one that’s a little brighter than the others. This is especially important if you’re planning on decorate the room with a lot of natural light. For a darker shade, choose a medium-tone shade that matches the other shades in your decor. You want to keep it dark but not too dark that you look like a ghost or a ghost-like character. Screens and other screens The screens and other décor you choose for your bedroom should reflect the decor you’re trying to decorates. The screens should have some kind of decoration that’s part of the decor. For example, a screen should have a bow on it or it should have an arrow pointing in the direction of the room. You can choose something simple like a wall clock or a TV stand. Wall-to-wall décor A wall-to -wall décoration is a good option if you plan on having a lot going on in the room without adding too much space. For the wall-top, choose something that is slightly smaller than the walls of your room. This makes the room look more open. The wall-bottom should also be a little smaller than your room, but not so small that you can’t see a bit in. 4. Ceiling tiles and ceiling cushions If you’re building a home for people who live in a smaller home, you may want to consider building a wall-mounted or wall-covering wall. The difference between these two types of décor is that the ceiling tiles are not part of your home décorations. Ceilings are meant to be wall-level, so they can be placed on top of walls. Ceils can be covered up with decorative materials, like tape or tape-covered vinyl, or with some kind to keep them looking tidy. For small-scale homes, a wall covered with tape or vinyl will provide a more minimalistic and aesthetically pleasing look. If you have a wall covering that is more elaborate, you might want to make sure it’s durable enough to last you a long time. Door frames and door handles Door frames are a great option if your décors are going to be a mix of open and closed. This means they should be able to be used for various purposes like doors, windows, doors on a side, or any number of other openings. Door handles are designed to be easy to open, which makes them great for a kitchen or living room. Window screens and window cushions These can be a great addition to any room. Window cushions are used to help balance out the dark areas of your décor and also create an illusion of the view of your front porch. They’re made of a thin material, like fabric, and they can either be painted or plain wood. Mirrors and mirrors for doors and windows You can use mirrors to decorately add an extra dimension to your home’s décor. These mirrors add a natural and beautiful illusion of a view to the room and help create a more spacious feeling. Mirror-covered door handles are a perfect choice for your front door and window. They’ll be easy on the eyes and you’ll be able for a more relaxed experience. Dining tables and chairs for kitchens and living rooms The dining table and chair style is the one that comes to mind when you think of découcoubling your kitchen. The table and chairs will help create more room between your kitchen and your living room, which can be great for keeping people’s attention during a meal. Wall lamps and mirrors If you need to add some style to your living rooms or bathrooms, you can add some light to the walls. For kitchens and bathrooms, the wall lamps and mirror style can be used to add an airy feel to your space. Mirroring a door for a bathroom You can add a little romance to a bathroom with a mirror that is installed into the bathroom door. The mirror will create a small, open doorway that gives the illusion of an opening to the bathroom. You could even paint the door and mirror a unique color. For many people, adding a mirror in the bathroom is a great way to create some extra privacy.
FREE Expired Domains You are here: Join Us » Free membership is disabled on this site! Please visit the Payment Page to pay for a membership.Click Please enter your e-mail address. You will receive a new password via e-mail.
A Nigerian church leader who fled persecution and is now living in the United States recently shared the horrifying details of how his father was killed for simply standing by the Gospel of Jesus Christ and how terrorists aligned with the Islamic State burned down his church building. David-Olonade Segun, who now resides in Holland, Michigan, told the Holland Sentinel that a new chapter of his life began a few years ago after his family was targeted by extremists affiliated with Boko Haram (also known as the Islamic State of West Africa since 2015). Segun and his wife, who were originally from the a Christian-majority area of southwest Nigeria, operated a ministry called Victorious Life Assembly, which not only ran a church but also operated a school, orphanage and widows ministry. Although the ministry originally began in southwest Nigeria, Segun and his family made the decision to move the ministry to the troubled northern part of Nigeria that has been plagued by violence in recent years even though they knew the risks they would be taking. “I felt the leading of God to go to the parts of Nigeria and minister to these people,” Segun explained. According to the Holland Sentinel, the ministry provided a home for as many as 150 orphaned children and offered care for the poor and the widowed in parts of northern Nigeria. Additionally, the ministry provided clean water to local villages. Although the Victorious Life Assembly was a blessing for the beleaguered community, it drew the ire of Boko Haram. The terror group has terrorized the Borno state of northeast Nigeria with its radical Salafi jihadism since 2011 and has killed thousands. The group has also enslaved countless women and school girls. The pastor recalled the attack that changed his life forever. However, he wasn’t there when it happened. Segun told the newspaper that the day after he, his wife and their four children left their home to go to a convention where Segun was scheduled to be a speaker, Boko Haram militants arrived at their home. Although Segun’s mother was able to escape, his father was not as fortunate. Militants reportedly questioned Segun’s father about where he was. The father told them that his son had gone to the church. After the militants couldn’t find Segun at the church, they reportedly burned it down and killed the church’s assistant pastor. Segun stated that the militants went back to his father and allegedly placed a Bible and a Quran in front of him and told him to choose one. Segun said that after his father chose the Bible, the militants doused him in gasoline and burned him to death. “If they had destroyed everything I owned, that would have meant nothing to me,” Segun contended. “But my father, he loved Jesus, he taught me to be strong. “My friend encouraged me that, ‘Your father stood with Christ in the end.'” Segun said he had lost everything he had labored for over 18 years to achieve. Following the attack, he eventually decided to go to the U.S., considering that just weeks before they had received visas to visit the U.S. for a planned vacation. Following the death of his mother, Segun and his wife and children stayed at the home of his friend’s brother in Texas. They lived in the basement, he told The Holland Sentinel. “We started a church in the basement of his house,” he said. But thanks to damage caused by Hurricane Harvey in August 2017, the Segun family went to Chicago in their van in hopes of staying with Segun’s friend. But the entire family could not fit in his friend’s one-room apartment so the family was forced to sleep in their van. Segun claimed that while he was sleeping in the van, he received a sign from God that they must go. They eventually reached a Wal-Mart in Holland, where they were connected with a couple of local organizations and churches. According to the newspaper, those organizations have been able to provide the family with short-term housing and aid. Moreover, Bethany Christian Services in Grand Rapids helped Segun find employment while the family applies for asylum. BCS has also offered the family counseling services to help them deal with the trauma they have suffered through the ordeal. Despite the tremendous loss the family has faced, Segun said that it is still important to count the blessings. “You know, sometimes, you think of some good things. I think, ‘God, what if [Boko Haram] came yesterday (before the family had left for the conference)?’ This is God’s way of saving us. I think of that, too. … I do pray for Christians in northern Nigeria, because they get killed every day.” Nigeria ranks as the 14th worst country in the world when it comes to Christian persecution, according to Open Doors USA’s 2018 World Watch List. In its 2018 report released last month, the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom again called on the U.S. State Department to list Nigeria as a “country of particular concern” for systematic, ongoing and egregious violations of religious freedom. In February, Boko Haram kidnapped over 100 schoolgirls from a secondary school in the town of Dapchi. Although most of the schoolgirls that were still alive were released, the terror group reportedly held onto one schoolgirl because she refused to denounce her faith in Christ. Earlier this month, the mother of Leah Sharibu declared how pround she was that her daughter wouldn’t denounce her faith in Christ. “And because of that, I know God will never forsake her,” the mother was quoted as saying. “When she went away to school, I gave her a copy of the Bible so she could have her personal devotions even when I am not there. As her mother, I know her to be an obedient daughter, respectful and someone who puts others before herself.”
14 FLORIDA LOCATIONS At Century Storage our customers’ satisfaction is our #1 goal and we strive to deliver the best service in the industry. From professional staff to clean, secure facilities packed with quality features, we make every effort to meet your storage needs while providing competitive prices. Come by one of our 14 Central Florida locations near you and find out why Century Storage is: “THE SPACE YOU NEED…THE SERVICE YOU DESERVE”
What Is SKU Number? Everything You Need to Know A stock keeping unit is a helpful tool for inventory management. This guide will give you the ins and outs of all you need to know! Managing your inventory is paramount for any retail business. You want to keep track of all that comes in and all that goes out of course! SKU is the magic tool that streamlines the whole thing. SKU stands for stock keeping unit. A stock keeping unit is an alphanumeric code that you give a specific product. It’s often listed above the barcode. It’s a simple concept that can revolutionise your business if you know how to use it in the best way. That’s what this guide is all about. Let’s talk about how to use SKU to improve your inventory systems. Here’s What We’ll Cover: How Does an SKU Work? So we’ve established that a stock keeping unit helps identify products from each other. How does it all work in practice? The seemingly nonsensical collection of numbers and letters actually have a method behind them. The idea is that the SKU contains valuable information about the product at a glance. This could be colour, brand, gender, size etc. Anything relevant. Your SKU system is also entirely personal to you. It’s a secret language for your internal use only. Let’s create a fictitious example. Say I have a stationery business. A1 means lined notebook. A2 means blank notebook. A3 means dotted notebook. Now for colour. BL means black. BU means blue. YE means yellow. Finally, size. 001 is small. 002 is medium. 003 is large. A customer orders an item online with the SKU A1BU002. That is a medium, blue, lined notebook. And I just made that up off the top of my head! That is how powerful personalised SKUs can be. It enables you and your team to track your inventory in a succinct way. How to Use SKUs So now you know what a stock keeping unit is and how to make one. Why should you be using them? What can an SKU help you track? Well, almost everything! But here is a shortlist of metrics SKUs may help you with. Managing Inventory Levels This is the main reason why SKUs exist. A database of your products all listed by their SKU code helps you to manage your inventory efficiently. What is running low on stock levels? What is your current turnover of a certain product? Efficient inventory management software will provide information on any inventory item in real-time. Monitoring the flow of product variants using their codes can help you identify useful buying patterns. Maybe my blue notebooks are selling more than my red ones. Why is that? Large notebooks sell really well just before kids go back to school. This data can be gleaned all by tracking your product flow and sales ratio using SKUs. On the super fancy end of the spectrum, SKUs are how companies create personalised adverts to potential customers. By reading the characteristics of the products they’ve seen before, the system can generate other similar products to show. This is done simply by matching certain qualifiers in the SKU to the product that the customer was previously scrolling. Ultimately, this is about creating tailored online shopping experiences. Using SKUs throughout your team helps to streamline customer service enquiries too. The customer can quote the stock keeping unit when they call in if they have any issues with the product. Your customer service reps can also easily and quickly find similar products to recommend using the same codes. Stock Keeping Units Vs Universal Product Codes When introducing the concept of SKUs, I mentioned that it is usually listed above the barcode. But not that it is integrated into the barcode itself. When you scan a barcode, you are more likely to read the UPC or universal product code. This is another alphanumeric identifier for a product with one key twist. It is not unique. Let’s say that you sell toasters. Amazon also sells toasters. If you sell the same brand and model of a certain toaster as Amazon, they will share a UPC and barcode. It will be identical. But what you can do is customise the SKU to your online shop. That way you can more easily cut down the chances of comparison with competitor sites selling the same products as you. A stock keeping unit is a useful tool for any online retailer! We hope this guide helped you understand how you can create your own secret codes for your product line. For more useful articles like this one, head to our resource hub.
The Khartoum Regime Shows Itself Capable of Any Barbarism in Suppressing Peaceful Demonstrations for Freedom and Justice Eric Reeves | January 18, 2019 I have at this point seen thousands of postings by Sudanese social media sources, as well as dozens of dispatches from Sudanese news sources and international wire services. (Additionally, I would highlight the particularly powerful op/ed by Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times; “Marching Toward a Massacre,” January 16, 2019 | https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/16/opinion/sudan-protests-bashir.html ). Nothing has shocked me, however, as much as this posting from “Sudanese Translators for Change/STC [on Twitter @SudaneseTC], also reported by the highly reliable Radio Dabanga, with its extraordinary corps of reporters on the ground throughout Sudan: If such actions—and this is grimly representative of the nature of repression now being inflicted on the people of Sudan as they demonstrate for freedom and justice, and removal of the al-Bashir regime—are not only condemned but punitively sanctions by the international community, the very idea of an “international community” will prove itself a smug and comforting fiction.
Some Hollywood duos become fast associated with one another. Owen Wilson and Ben Stiller often populate movies side-by-side, and Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn even became a couple. There’s no forgetting Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, either. When the two near-constantly took up roles in westerns together, Tom Selleck got to watch Sam Elliott grow in his career, but also see how steady he was in his goals. In fact, even when the two looked very different from how they do now, to Selleck, Elliott seemed already on the western path he meant to travel, while Selleck himself was still finding himself. But both still had to discover their future iconic mustache looks. ‘Lancer’ was the start of something great The Shadow Riders The year is 1969 and Lancer is well into its first season. For the 14th episode, entitled “Death Bait,” IMDb summarizes it as “A man with a vicious dog and a grudge against Jelly terrorizes Murdoch, Teresa and Jelly at Lancer while Scott and Johnny are away on a cattle drive.” The episode included its usual cast of James Stacy, Wayne Maunder, Andrew Duggan, and so on. It also had some actors passing through as they navigated their careers playing minor roles such as Dobie and Renslo. Both were played by relatively clean-shaven men gradually building their filmography. They were Tom Selleck and Sam Elliott respectively. Sam Elliott was “the more formed” between him and Tom Selleck at that point Over the months into years into decades, Tom Selleck, a bit like Sam Elliott, would tackle different genres and mediums of entertainment. Today, his most recent hit comes from the crime drama Blue Bloods. But his career started off as versatile as it ended up being today after a stint in the middle of exclusively western titles. At that particular time, though, Selleck could look at Elliott and see someone with a better idea of where his future would go. “Sam and I were already good friends,” Selleck reminisced. “Fox had a new talent program, like the old studio system; were in it. I’ve always said Sam was more formed in those days, [knowing] exactly what he wanted. I was still learning the craft.” At the time of that episode, Selleck would have been 24 years old and Elliott just a year older, if that. Something in Elliott’s particular experience or vision for himself made for a better-defined path, however, and Selleck picked up on it right away.
Maria Rapido 230F Floating Stickbait Rapido 230mm 100g Floating Stickbait by Maria The Rapido has a slim profile which helps naturally imitate the swimming action of a dying bait fish making it incredibly effective when conditions are tough. Ideal for Kingfish, Mackerel, Trevally, Tuna and many other species. Very angler friendly lure, easy to use and for its size you can cast it all day long. The Rapido is built tough! Through wire construction and strong internal ribbing for extra strength makes sure they stand up to the toughest of predators. If you're after a reasonably priced stickbait that's tough, easy to use and catches many species of fish the Rapido is a must have in the kit! Type: Floating Stickbait Single Hooks: BKK Lone Diablo Inline Single Hooks (BKK 090812) (9/0)
Ross Sinclair, Free Instruments for Teenagers, 2015 Ross Sinclair has been a leading figure in the collaboration between art and music in Scotland over the last two decades. Free Instruments for Teenagers was a vinyl sampler produced as part of 20 Years of Real Life, which marked 20 years since Ross began his Real Life series. The Free Instruments for Teenagers project gave away instruments to young people born in the last 20 years so they could form bands. The bands worked with Collective and Ross through a series of workshops with invited artists and musicians, to write, record and perform new music. The three bands who took part inFree Instruments for Teenagerswere: Appear Invisible; Bedroom Athlete; and Enemy Fire. Edition of 200 12" Vinyl sampler and risograph pamphlet Standard delivery items are usually dispatched within 3 business days after the order has been placed. We aim to deliver UK orders within 3-7 business days. Due to Covid-19, our opening hours have changed, meaning we can only send out orders on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays. International delivery times vary depending on the location. All deliveries are dispatched using Royal Mail or a tracked courier. All tracking information will be sent via email. Courier over £150 Rest of World Please note overseas customers may find their orders are subject to import duties and taxes, which may be levied once a delivery reaches its destination country. These charges are the responsibility of the customer. If for any reason you are not entirely happy with your purchase we will be happy to issue an exchange or refund within 30 days of receipt. An exchange or refund will be issued provided that you notify us before sending the item and that the item returned is in its original and unused condition, with all tags still attached. All refunds will be reimbursed via your original payment method. Postage and packaging costs are non-refundable, except in the event that the goods are faulty. To return your product, please mail it to: Collective Matter, City Observatory, 38 Calton Hill, Edinburgh, EH7 5AA, UK Please include a note detailing why you are returning the item as well as your order number. You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item.
Marching Trees, gum over platinum Gum Bichromate – across the roof tops of Lucca, Tuscany, Italy Printing in platinum Textures and torn edges Jazz it up and add a little Christmas bling to your inkjet prints © 2022 Stuart Clook All Rights Reserved.
Smell Like The Beach All Year With LAFCO ‘Sea & Dune’ Body Care Collection The most depressing thing about mid August is that just like for Cinderella at minight everything is turning into Pumpkins. Orange brownish Fall decor is pushing off the shelves summer items and before you know it, everything will smell like Spice Latte. NO, I want summer to last and I also want people from the Northen Emisphere to stop using the hastag #EndlessSummer before Spetember 22nd. Because before September 22nd … it’s STILL summer. Now I know that September 23rd will be here in no time. So to sustain my #EndlessSummer fantasy, I like to find things that reminds me of the beach. On my list LAFCONew York and their ‘Sea and Dune’ body care collection. OMG you have no idea how good it smells. Honeslty the only thing wrong about internet today is the lack of smell, OK maybe it is a good thing … but in this specific case, I wish you could enjoy this amazing scent. ‘Fresh, airy, and natural: the scent of sea grass, sand, summer sky, and the ocean.’ Enjoy the Summer!
When it comes to bundt cakes, I do my best to be creative and keep things interesting. Having been a member of a monthly bundt baking group for over a year now, I’m always looking for new sources of inspiration and fun new ways to play with flavors and ingredients. I definitely have a few favorites out of all the cakes I’ve made since joining, but you may be surprised to know what my favorite kind of bundt cake is. When I’m not trying to get creative to fit a #bundtbakers theme, I like to keep things nice and simple. Can you guess what my favorite bundt might be? I bet most of you guessed chocolate. While I do love me some chocolate, that would be my second favorite. One more guess… A simple lemony pound cake is tops in my book. Both dense and delicate at once, with a bright sunny citrus flavor front and center, it doesn’t get any better than that. I don’t know what it is about a citrusy pound cake, but I will just never ever get enough. The best thing about a lemon pound cake is how versatile it can be if you want to pair it with other flavors. Lemon is a perfect compliment to almost any fruit you can name. Think about it. Berries. Cherries. Stone fruit. Tropical fruit. Even other citrus! Lemon is like the little black dress of bundt cakes. Do you have a favorite bundt cake? Well don’t keep it a secret! What is it? Being the lemon lover I am, I did a very mature and completely dignified jump for joy when I found out that Anne of From My Sweet Heart chose Lemon as the #bundtbakers theme for June. Thank you Anne! If you love lemon just as much as I do (or at least almost as much as I do) you MUST scroll down past the recipe to check out all the other recipes this month. Just reading through the list of titles has me drooling. First I thought about just doing a simple lemon buttermilk pound cake, and while I’m sure I would have loved it, I wanted to do just a little bit more with this month’s sublimely summery theme. Berries would have been a great way to go, but just before joining #bundtbakers I came up with a recipe for a lemony blueberry buttermilk bundt cake that would knock your socks off. It’s so good, in fact, that it was just featured in the summer issue of Sweet Paul Magazine! Woot woot! So that was out. Knowing this month’s theme I’m kicking myself for not keeping that one in my pocket just a little bit longer. What else? What else? Sometimes there are just too many amazing possibilities to be able to choose just one. Rather than agonize over all the choices I figured I should just go about my business and let the inspiration come to me. On my birthday last month Russell took me to lunch in Williamsburg and afterward we went for coffee at one of my favorite coffee shops. While waiting in line we passed their pastry case and inside we saw a neat little row of thick slices of rhubarb pound cake. Of course we had to try some. While their coffee never disappoints, the pound cake unfortunately did. The texture was great, and the sweetness was spot on, but it lacked in that tart rhubarb flavor that I was expecting, and their was no actual rhubarb visible anywhere in the slice. As soon as the words, “I could do better” came out of my mouth, I knew what I had to do. Pound cake. Tart rhubarb. Summery lemon. It was on. This pound cake is just as dense and buttery and eggy as a good pound cake should be, with just a tiny bit of extra lift thanks to the addition of a bit of baking powder. The crumb is moist and tender and perfect, with just enough sweetness to offset the tart rhubarb and compliment the bright lemon. Rather than pureeing it, the rhubarb is left in small chunks so you can see what you’re eating. An entire pound of rhubarb (4 whole cups) gets tossed with a bit of sugar and cooked for a few minutes before going into the cake batter. This way the rhubarb not only softens a bit, but also releases some of it’s juices to ensure the flavorful juice is distributed throughout the whole cake. A touch of lemon zest and juice is the perfect bright compliment to the sweetened rhubarb, and a simple lemon glaze is the only finishing touch this summery pound cake could ask for. Rhubarb Pound Cake Bundt with Lemon Glaze 2 1/2 cups granulated sugar, divided 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature zest and juice of 1 lemon, separate 6 large eggs 1 tablespoon vanilla extract 1 cup buttermilk 3 cups all-purpose flour 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon salt Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter and flour a bundt pan and refrigerate. mix the cut rhubarb with 1/2 cup of the sugar in a medium frypan or skillet. Cook over medium high heat until tender but not mushy, about 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. In the bowl of a stand mixer (or a large mixing bowl), cream together the butter, remaining 2 cups sugar, and lemon zest until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well between additions. In a large measuring cup mix together the buttermilk, lemon juice, and vanilla; and in a medium bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Alternate 3 additions of flour and 2 additions of buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour, mixing until just incorporated after each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and gently fold in the rhubarb and any juices until the liquid is just combined and the rhubarb is evenly distributed. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and smooth the top with a spatula. Bake for 60-70 minutes, or until a toothpick or cake tester inserted into the center of he cake comes out clean. Transfer to a cooling rack and let cool for about 20 minutes. Invert pan to release cake onto the rack and cool completely before adding the glaze. zest and juice of 2 lemons 2 1/2 cups confectioner’s (powdered) sugar Whisk all ingredients together until well mixed and free of lumps. If a thinner consistency is desired, add a bit more lemon juice (about 1 teaspoon at a time). For a thicker consistency add more powdered sugar about 1/4 cup at a time until desired consistency is reached. Evenly drizzle the glaze over the completely cooled cake. Cake can be served immediately but can be stored, tightly wrapped and air tight at room temperature, for about 3 days. This list of lovely luscious lemon cakes has my mouth watering like crazy. This month’s theme is pure heaven and I couldn’t be happier to gawk and drool over this long list of tasty bundts. - Bee’s Knees Lemon Honey Bundt from Food Lust People Love - Blueberry-Lemon Breakfast Bundt from Cali’s Cuisine - Bundt Cake de Limón from La Mejor Manera de Hacer - Eggless Lemon Bundt Cake from Seduce Your Tastebuds - Extra Lemon Bundt Cake from Los Chatos Chefs - Lavender Lemon Cake from Magnolia Days - Lemon & Lime Cheese Bundt Cake from Un Mordisco Un Pecado - Lemon Apple Upside Down Bundt Cake from Simply Veggies - Lemon Basil Bundt Cake from Tartacadabra - Lemon Bundt Cake from Recipes, Food and Cooking - Lemon Buttermilk Bundt Cake with Tart Lemon Glaze from Sew You Think You Can Cook - Lemon Confetti Bundt Cake from Our Good Life - Lemon Curd Bundt Cake with Lemon Glaze from I Love Bundt Cakes - Lemon Honey Bundt Cake from Brunch with Joy - Lemon Marble Bundt Cake from Jenny and Sweets - Lemon Meringue Chiffon Cake from Baking in Pyjamas - Lemon Poppy Seed Bundt Cake from Liv for Cake - Lemon Poppy Seeds Bundt Cake from La Cocina de Aisha - Lemon Poppyseed Bundt from A Day in the Life on the Farm - Lemon Rhubarb Bundt Cake from From Gate to Plate - Lemon Ricotta and Poppyseed Bundt Cake from Spice Roots - Lemon Ricotta Bundt Cake from Love and Confections - Lemon-Cranberry Poppyseed Bundt Cake from Take A Bite Out of Boca - Mini Limoncello Bundts from Living the Gourmet - Pink Lemon Pound Cake from Making Miracles - Pink Lemonade Bundt from Jane’s Adventures in Dinner - Rhubarb Pound Cake Bundt with Lemon Glaze from Brooklyn Homemaker - Soft Lemon Rosemary Bread from Passion Kneaded - Spring Strawberry Lemon Bundt Cake from Adventures in All Things Food - Strawberry Lemonade Bundt Cake from Baking and Creating with Avril - Sweet Lemon Bundt with Blackberry Glaze from From My Sweet Heart #BundtBakers is a group of Bundt loving Bakers who get together once a month to bake Bundts with a common ingredient or theme. You can see all of our lovely Bundts by following our Pinterest board right here. We take turns hosting each month and choosing the theme or ingredient. Updated links for all of our past events and more information about BundtBakers can be found on our homepage.
Luno’s 1st Education bot Ever wanted to learn about crypto but don’t know where to start? Meet Bob, Luno’s first Education bot. Bob is a bot designed to help anyone get started learning all things crypto. With Bob, you’ll dive into topics on Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin in an easy-to-use and interactive format. And then when you’re ready, try out our quiz and be in with a chance to win Bitcoin prizes. You’ll be amazed at what you can learn. Get started now with the link below.
Have you remembered the first time you made art? Had an art gallery polished by your first artwork? Maybe not and it is quite possible that you might have used some papery and crayons. Or perhaps it was markers, colored pencils, or paint. Probably a special picture for a friend or family member made by you and it might have been pompously displayed on the opposite of the refrigerator and room doors. So, to have value, art does not have to be hanged next to Mona Lisa. Art is “something that is created with imagination and skill and that is beautiful”. Is Art only about paintings, drawings, and sculptures? Obviously not because this field includes many other forms of expression. Music, drama, and writing can be Art. The design of buildings, even common items, from teacups to tennis shoes, can be art. New research revealed that Art could enhance creativity, social development, and self-worth. Here are some exciting art trivia that will reveal how creative and self-worthy you are. 1) How can we communicate our emotions, feelings, and mood illustratively? 2) What we call the forums where are the visual arts being displayed? 3) Where is the Metropolitan Museum of Art located? 4)What the production of art that is created on a digital platform is called? 5) What is the suitable art term for color? 6) What do you call a point with no end? 7) What is art made from commercial items and cultural icons such as product labels, advertisements, and movie stars called? 8) What does Pop in Pop art stand for? 9) Which two movements are art movements that precede postmodern art? 10) Where is the art capital of the world? 11) Which city is called the city of art? Want to know about 90s trivia?: 75+ 90s Trivia Questions and Answers Art trivia facts 12) Who is the world’s richest tattoo artist, who charges $1,000 for the first hour and only works on the weekends? 13) In which Century tattoos were used as a punishment, you would be ‘inked’ if you were a criminal so others would recognize you? 14) In modern times, what are the most used graffiti materials? 15) Which artist used rice or grains of sand and a surgical blade to create his micro sculptures? 16) Which statue is the largest hammered copper statue in the world? 17) Which artist committed suicide while painting Wheat Field with Crows? 18) Which painting in history has no eyebrows because it was the fashion in Renaissance Florence to shave them off? 19) In how many days the first Sculpture Garden was planned? 20) Which famous house of the United States has taken 570 Gallons of Paint to Repaint it? 21) For which purpose Andy Brown, an English artist, stitched 1000 used tea bags together? Art trivia crack questions 22) When Art competitions used to be the part of Olympics? 23) The famous painting “The Sunflowers” was made by whom? 24) Who painted the ‘Mona Lisa’? 25) Where was the theatre born? 26) Which art movement does the painting “The Scream” belong to? 27) In which historical period the Mona Lisa was painted? 28) Who was the designer of the Eiffel Tower? 29) Which color makes orange when mixed with red? 30) What is a hue (in art)? 31) Which book is the most translated book? Visual arts have been changed by articles and critical essays; temporarily, the works themselves have become mute. The curators and critics have taken up the front row in the theatre. This could be the difference between modern and traditional art. Some interesting facts about modern art given below will give you great knowledge of modern art. Modern art trivia 32) Which two mechanical means were invented in the Modern art era? 33) Analytical cubism was developed by which artist? 34) Who made the famous painting called The Scream in 1893? 35) Where is the famous painting of Picasso, Family of Saltimbanques hanged? 36) In what Impressionism is the first distinctly modern movement? 37) World War 1 brought modern art to which country? 38) Which mechanical techniques deprived manually performed drawing and painting? 39) which modern art movement was regarded as cutting-edge modern art during the initial period? 40) Which art museum of the 21st century appears like a large transparent floating island? 41) Who was the contemporary artist that was best known for her “Untitled Film Stills”, a series of self-portraits mean to tackle stereotypes regarding how women look in the media? Art class trivia 42) Research from which university suggests that exposure to the arts for just two hours every week can improve mental health? 43) What are the mediums used by the first artists of the world to produce their work? 44) What is a primary color? 45) Which colors are come in the category of primary colors? 46) What is the primary visual element in Impressionist paintings? 47) Which area of artwork is important? 48) What does the best know types of Aboriginal art? 49) What are Ceramic arts? 50) In artmaking what is the most important element of art? Art can be divided into three parts. Number one is plastic arts, where something is made like fine arts and literature. Secondly, the performing arts, where something is done by humans in action that is drama (dance, acting, singing) and auditory arts (music, singing). The third part may be practical arts which are done for practical purposes like culinary art(cooking) and art of filming, fashion, photography, video games architecture Art history trivia questions and answers 51) Which is the oldest public Museum of Art in the world? 52) How old is the earliest known human artwork? 53) When and where the pop art emerged? 54) Who were the artists that shaped the pop art movement? 55) What is the oldest metaphorical art discovered by scientists? 56) Who is famous for the originator of the modern art movement known as cubism? 57) Which era is famous for rock art and cave painting? 58)When was modern art introduced to the United States? 59)The history of which century arts includes expressionism, Fauvism, Cubism, Dadaism, Surrealism, and minimalism? 60)What is the oldest form of art? Over the centuries two countries played the best role in defining western art: Italy and France. Art is one of the major charms of France as a tourist destination in the 21st century. To appreciate French museums and art galleries people come from all over the world. Here are some art trivia about French which may increase your French art taste. French art trivia 61) What does French art consist of? 62) Which French art movement of the 19th century is famous for evoking emotion rather than realism? 63) The obsession with ballerinas is famous for which French artist? 64) Who painted the most prominent French classical scene The Oath of the Horatii? 65) Which French painter is known for having pioneered pointillism? 66) With what the story of French styles as a diverse and important element in the wider development of the art of Christian Europe begins? 67) Which century marked as a golden age for French art in all fields? 68) Which terms were used to describe the visual and plastic arts and architecture in Europe from the early eighteenth century to the end of the eighteenth century? 69) What are those actions that brought great changes to the arts in France? 70) Who is the most famous French art usually known as a founder of the impressionism movement? 71) What is the art in the 20th century that is not representational but explores color and form? 72) The first “photographic paper” was made of what? 73) When Levitsky has made the first portrait by the electric light? 74) Which camera begins the story of a digital photo that produced by the company Sony in 1981? 75) What is the graphic that is a representation of drawing to show movements within those drawings 76) Which animation is the world’s first animation? 77)What was the world’s largest art gallery? 78)What is world’s largest art festival? 79) The first digital drawing software was performed on which computers? 80) In 1968 what was Vera Molnar invented? Want to know about weird trivia?: 65+ Weird Trivia Questions and Answers Art trivia high school 81) What is the Japanese Art of Flower Arrangement Called? 82) Which art movement was encouraged by Catholics? 83) ‘Everything You Can Imagine Is Real’ is the famous saying of which artist? 84) Who learned drawing first before Walking? 85) What is the Art of Paper Folding called? 86) Which Animal often symbolizes Peace in art? 87) Which French Sculptor Created the Statue of Liberty? 88) Which country is the birthplace of Pop art? 89) Which type of paint dries very rapidly? 90) What was the subject of the earliest known paintings?
The boy who harassed the wind Please Use US English The topic for the perspiration is ((The Topic is Environmental challenges. What kinds of environmental challenges face Malawi What is the role of environment more broadly in Kamkwamb)) On your presentation I will present about The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind to the rest of the class. Each I should focus on exploring the theme I wrote about in My essay that I will attached , but there should also be a logical overall structure to the presentation. If you look at the presentation rubric ( that I will attache as writing guideline ), I’ve timed each of these presentations to go with our course content, because I am a genius. So, you’ll be presenting about The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind when we’re talking about Africa’s future, and thus give your peers insight into the fascinating book you were assigned to read. You should strive, therefore, to be non-boring. Make sure presentation meets the following requirements: • Length. should present for about 5 minutes. You will be penalized for falling short, and cut off if you go over time. That means you should probably, definitely time yourself beforehand. • Content. the presentation should also have a clear introduction, an explanation of the context of the book, and a conclusion. • Visual component. Every presentation must include a visual component. PowerPoint is fine, but don’t make lame PowerPoints—and your group should all have one PowerPoint. You could also make a poster, a map, a handout, a Prezi, or any other visual component. But just power point could be fine Non-boringness. You and your peers and your devoted teacher will be sitting through 25 of these presentations. Strive not merely to fulfill the basic requirements, but to genuinely engage your audience. Consider audience participation or interaction, compelling visuals, or maybe a quick dance number And please make easy to read do not use very high level academic words Our Service Charter Excellent Quality / 100% Plagiarism-FreeWe employ a number of measures to ensure top quality essays. The papers go through a system of quality control prior to delivery. We run plagiarism checks on each paper to ensure that they will be 100% plagiarism-free. So, only clean copies hit customers’ emails. We also never resell the papers completed by our writers. So, once it is checked using a plagiarism checker, the paper will be unique. Speaking of the academic writing standards, we will stick to the assignment brief given by the customer and assign the perfect writer. By saying “the perfect writer” we mean the one having an academic degree in the customer’s study field and positive feedback from other customers. Free RevisionsWe keep the quality bar of all papers high. But in case you need some extra brilliance to the paper, here’s what to do. First of all, you can choose a top writer. It means that we will assign an expert with a degree in your subject. And secondly, you can rely on our editing services. Our editors will revise your papers, checking whether or not they comply with high standards of academic writing. In addition, editing entails adjusting content if it’s off the topic, adding more sources, refining the language style, and making sure the referencing style is followed. Confidentiality / 100% No DisclosureWe make sure that clients’ personal data remains confidential and is not exploited for any purposes beyond those related to our services. We only ask you to provide us with the information that is required to produce the paper according to your writing needs. Please note that the payment info is protected as well. Feel free to refer to the support team for more information about our payment methods. The fact that you used our service is kept secret due to the advanced security standards. So, you can be sure that no one will find out that you got a paper from our writing service. Money Back GuaranteeIf the writer doesn’t address all the questions on your assignment brief or the delivered paper appears to be off the topic, you can ask for a refund. Or, if it is applicable, you can opt in for free revision within 14-30 days, depending on your paper’s length. The revision or refund request should be sent within 14 days after delivery. The customer gets 100% money-back in case they haven't downloaded the paper. All approved refunds will be returned to the customer’s credit card or Bonus Balance in a form of store credit. Take a note that we will send an extra compensation if the customers goes with a store credit. 24/7 Customer SupportWe have a support team working 24/7 ready to give your issue concerning the order their immediate attention. If you have any questions about the ordering process, communication with the writer, payment options, feel free to join live chat. Be sure to get a fast response. They can also give you the exact price quote, taking into account the timing, desired academic level of the paper, and the number of pages.
The NHS is urging anyone who is eligible for a first, second or booster dose of the vaccine to walk into a site or book an appointment to make sure they have as much protection as possible. The booster dramatically increases protection against Omicron and is vital for protecting yourself and your loved ones from covid and any dangers posed by long covid, even if you have recently had Covid. Book your Covid-19 jab: You can book on the NHS website or call 119. Walk-in for a Covid-19 jab: Find your nearest walk-in venue. *Sherwood Forest Hospitals, Nottingham University Hospitals and Nottinghamshire Healthcare Trust The NHS is here for you and so if you are concerned about a new lump or mole or have any other health issues then please get in touch with your GP. If it is not an emergency you can use a range of service, such as: Pharmacies can offer over the counter advice and treat common illnesses such as colds, sore throats, stings and allergies. Call 111 First Once a patients calls 111 or visits 111 online they will be navigated to the most appropriate service, first time by a trained operator. The operator will even be able to book appointments and timeslots at the most appropriate health service for your needs. Visit the NHS Urgent Care Centre
SISTERS OF NOTRE DAME DE NAMUR making known God’s goodness… educating for life. Sisters of Notre Dame, women with hearts as wide as the world, make known God’s goodness and love with and among people living in poverty, through a Gospel way of life, community and prayer. Continuing a strong educational tradition, we take our stand with people living in poverty, especially women and children, in the most abandoned places. Each of us commits her one and only life to work with others to create justice and peace for all.
